
[673] Radum's Secret (1)





As the brains in the vat were released, the members regained consciousness one by one.

No one lost their lives, but the feeling after regaining consciousness was devastating.

It was the powerful weapon of the Lord of Terror, and Shirone was equally distraught.

'What was it? Those memories... ... .'

I thought it wasn't my own, but when I saw Ikael's face, I felt like my heart would explode.

'La Enemy.'

One more reason to leave the ivory tower test and meet him.

While the 17 people who had finished preparing for departure were moving in formation, Kargin approached Joshua.

"Are you okay?"

It was Joshua, who had become less talkative after seeing his son's vision.

"don't worry. I will do the border properly."

"It's not like that... ... ."

"I wasn't even in love."

Joshua spat out.

"You don't even know who your father is. he was always resentful He just felt guilty. That's all."

At the words that seemed to brainwash him into believing that, Kargin didn't ask any more.

On the way to Radum's interior, the villagers were nowhere to be seen.

Maybe he's still trapped in the other side of the world, wandering somewhere avoiding Gallofer's knife.

"You have arrived."

Quan said after arriving at the boundary line that separates the outside and inside of Radum, commonly known as Siren.

"From here on out, it's on a different level. You better be prepared."

There were no noticeable features, but the feeling conveyed by the Ultima system was definitely a different world than before.

'tremendous.'

Inside the curtain of information surrounding the entire radius, numerous circuits secured their respective areas.

From Park Ji's point of view, it was a space burning with light.

"I heard rumors. A high-level concealed facility. I heard that even the best information wizard can't unlock all the encryption devices inside Radum?"

Even if Shirone could confirm the true nature of the signal, destroying it was another matter.

"How are you going to break through?"

In response to Aakman's question, Jane said.

"There are two ways to get to the heart of Radum. One is to crack passwords one by one. And another one is to shut off the power."

"Cut off the power?"

Ivian said as if he had suddenly remembered.

"Come to think of it, it is strange. Radum is an isolated area, so where does the power to operate the cloaking device come from?"

"sun."

Rufist said.

"What I will tell you from now on is a top-level state secret."

The crew swallowed their saliva.

"Now we can see the sky. Because something in the center of Radum transmits light."

"What are you talking about?"

"At first it is in the form of a small sphere."

An iron ball the size of a person's face was molded on top of Lufist's palm.

"It is a kind of seed. Plant it in the ground."

The orb crashed to the floor with a thud.

"A substance called a light mineral transmits, absorbs, or reflects light. It's not on this planet, and of course I can't transform myself either. Just for the sake of explanation... ... ."

The iron ball trembled, and vines twisted into strands rose above the surface.

"It accepts sunlight and grows itself. like a creature. It is estimated that there is a special design like a genetic map inside the mineral."

Buds formed on the vines and opened wide like petals.

"It collects photons and emits energy. It will be easier to understand if you think of it in a way similar to photosynthesis."

"No, I don't understand at all. So what is it?"

said Jane.

"For a long time, the kingdom of Tormia has isolated Radum from the capital. What do you think is the reason?"

"That's because terrorist groups and sub-species cause accidents. In other words, it's like a trash can in the capital."

Shirone also knew that at first.

"It is not wrong. However, it does not explain the cause of Radum in the first place. From now on, I will show you the secret of Radum."

Jane took the Nemesis out of Kubrick.

"Let's get started."

When Shirone with Nemesis following Jane activated the Ultima system, the feeling of 'Siren', Radum's internal boundary network, was realized.

Jane implemented an electrical circuit with a simple information magic, and Arya approached the circuit.

"By entering the first-class security code, we will cut off the power of ¡®Real Flower'."

Arya's role is Radum Seeker and Code Carrier.

The code was imprinted in the subconscious directly from the dragon mine, so even the person himself could not know the code.

Even so, since he was a top secret holder, Lufist also gave him the best bodyguard, Kuan.

Jane knocked on Arya's mind.

It is Arya's decision to accept or not, but the moment she refuses, she will die for security.

'Access is granted.'

At the same time as she thought, Aria's eyes flashed open, triggering the keyword hidden in her unconscious.

As the siren's borders became blurred, the landscape inside Radum began to reveal its true form.

Whoa!

A deafening alarm sounded and a skyscraper with the personalities of all races unfolded before their eyes.

"I-what is that?"

Wooden, stone, mechanical, and even buildings that seem too abstruse to human common sense.

However, the reason the crew were surprised was the huge iron tower hundreds of meters high standing tall in the center, the deepest part of Radum.

Rufist looked up at the bud at the top of the tower and said.

"You've grown quite a lot."

The hideout of the Aracial Alliance, which was overgrown only with rumors, was really a flower.

"The reason why the kingdom neglected Radum. It was obviously to isolate the garbage, but they were also just manure after all. Radum is a flower pot. Pots for growing ancient weapons."

"Ancient weapons?"

Jordic turned to Lufist with a pale face.

"A super-giant interceptor. It is a strategic defense weapon that collects sunlight and emits it as a high-energy beam. Its power is powerful enough to transmit power to all of Radum's concealed facilities through its roots."

Rufist finally gave the crew the real mission.

"From now on, we infiltrate the flower, take over control and steal the seeds."

'Damn it, that's what it was!'

The reason why the Radum area was isolated when the first live flower was reported to the Tormia kingdom is that once the seed takes root, it is impossible to move.

Grow fresh flowers and receive new seeds.

The kingdom that made that decision shut down Radum, and sub-species hid one by one, leading to what it is today.

Koo Goo Goo Goo!

The crew looked up at the fresh flowers as the ground shook.

"Heat... ... open."

As the flower buds unfolded, they were casting shadows on Radum's radius.

The area of ??just one petal reached 200 square meters, and the sight of dozens of such petals unfolding was truly spectacular.

When the flowers were in full bloom, the shadow of the huge flower was cast in the area on the other side of Radum.

Perhaps it was as dark as night.

"Ugh!"

The ground shook up and down as if it were floating on the sea, and at that moment all the photons covering a radius of several kilometers were sucked into the flower petals.

Suddenly, it became dark, and the crew looked around and Lufist shouted.

"Intercept! Get inside!"

"Damn it!"

A single beam shot from a fresh flower pierced the western area diagonally.

In that state, when the beam was scraped along the boundary between the outside and the inside, a tremendous explosion sounded.

"You already noticed."

The proof was that they immediately counterattacked after disabling the siren's guard net.

Mayray shouted, covering one ear.

"I hear La Enemie's voice! He gave the order!"

Con shouted.

"Damn it! Do something! I'm going to die like this!"

The radius of destruction of the energy beam was so wide that it seemed impossible to avoid it in time.

"Jane!"

Jane immediately responded to Rufist's voice.

'Cosmic Rail!'

After casting the spirit-type magic, Jane's voice was heard in everyone's head.



- Tickets are not accepted for allies.



"What is this again... ... !"

The grumbling bicorn's body flew up against its will and landed in the passenger compartment of a wagon with wheels.

"what?"

All 17 people were gathered, and a 1-meter-long rail was being laid at breakneck speed in the open scenery in front of the welcome passenger room.

Mass transit magic cosmic rail.

The movement power increases in proportion to the speed at which the rail is laid, providing the rider with the same environment as the inertia of reality.

This is to increase the convenience of passengers so that they can concentrate on battle, and it was impossible without environmental control, mental control, and physical control applied at the same time.

'As expected of the Magic Association Chief of Staff.'

It was the best customer satisfaction service that guarantees the autonomy of the passengers through the algorithm that moves along the rails, the air-based physical force that transports all 17 people, and mental control.

"Slow! sooner!"

Even though it was more efficient than teleportation in a situation where many people were burned, Rufist behaved like the truth.

'It's a bit difficult for 16 people.'

Jane blew the ceiling off with a bang, and the speed at which the rails were laid increased rapidly.

Even in the midst of this, the energy beams from the fresh flowers were approaching, scratching the ground in the form of an open umbrella.

The rails were being laid at the highest speed ever, and it was difficult to even breathe in the rushing wind.

The top of a building higher than the trajectory of direct sunlight was blown up by the beam, and chunks of rock fell.

As Jane unfolded the rail as if it were bending, the traffic line in the passenger compartment changed direction rapidly.

"Wow!"

"Hold tight!"

As the roller coaster algorithm was activated, the rails stood up almost vertically, and the crew grabbed the wall.

The energy beam narrowly passed them.

"Huh! Huh!"

The bicorn, who had collapsed from exhaustion, hung his arm against the wall and said.

"It's a filthy bloody movement magic."

"For now, I approach the natural flower as much as possible."

"What are you talking about? With this, it will arrive soon."

Just as Jordyk, the master of the war wagon, stood up against the wall, goblins jumped down on hang gliders from the roof of the building.

"The one who kills eats!"

The goblins, belonging to the middle class of Radum, were short and enjoyed human flesh, and were a race with unique agility and even cruelty.

Jane sent a warning.

"It will be dizzy. Be careful."

Rufist turned to the crew and said.

"Hey, mercenaries. Should I pay for it soon?"

Joshua aimed his bow using his eye technique, and Wig also drew his twin swords and prepared to face them.

"going!"

Arrows rained down from the goblin troops at the same time as the cosmic rail line curved like a torrent.

"Unlike things!"

The wizards who escaped the passenger compartment by teleportation responded with their own organs.

As the goblins fell one by one, Jane's eyes widened.

"It's dangerous!"

An electrical net stretched across the top of the skyscraper, blocking the path.

"The power of the flower has been restored. Shall we go down to the ground?"

"no. Get as far as you can."

As the dangerous air defense facilities regained their functions one by one, the Cosmic Rail continued its precarious advance.

'little bit more! little bit more!'

Photons started converging on the petals of the real flower again when it covered more than half of the area of ??the concealment facility.

Suddenly night fell, Jane shouted.

"Let's land! I won't miss it this time!"

"Keep going!"

I had to get close to it for 3 seconds, no, even 1 second, so I could recapture the flower within the time.

The moment the giant sphere of light exploded from the battery embedded in the stem, Lufist shouted.

"Jump down!"

"This crazy... ... !"

A gigantic flash of light passed by with a roar over the skies of the fallen crew members who were left behind by gravity.

=======================================
[674] Radum's Secret (2)





It takes about 4 seconds to fall.

Wizards could cast fly magic, but swordsmen had to make quick decisions.

"Aaaaaa! help me!"

The bicorn lost reason and struggled.

Even for schema users who could fight agile while armed with heavy armor, falling from a high altitude was a separate issue.

As Shirone spread his wings, Rufist shouted.

"no! Forward to fresh flowers!"

I ignored his words and rushed towards the bicorn, but the speed of the electric net hit me faster.

"this... ... !"

Then Jane, who was nearby, cast teleportation, snatched the bicorn like a hawk, and sent it down to the ground.

'Sheesh, it's gone.'

As the other members chased after her, Rufist was unable to turn around and landed on the ground.

When I came down, the tall building was blocking all sides, and I felt stuffy.

After confirming that the bicorn was safe, Shirone issued an order.

"Starting with the number of people."

"17 people. There are no losers."

Jane said, looking back at the flower.

"I am collecting photons again. What you experience on earth will be on a different level."

Rufist's eyes widened terribly.

"So you said you had to move on? Did you disobey the president's order?"

"... ... sorry."

Seeing Jane lowering her head, Shirone argued with a displeased expression.

"Since we were on the same boat, isn't it natural that we fight together?"

Of course, it was the right thing to say, but from Rufist's point of view, it was no different from the noise made by civic groups.

"Listen carefully, sweetheart. The mercenaries are everything to you, but I have an obligation to balance all the citizens of the capital, and furthermore, all the people of the kingdom. Equity to die unluckily with the same probability as possible. The kingdom does not tolerate other citizens being exposed to danger with a higher probability to adhere to your opinion."

The bicorn approached and bowed his head.

"I am sorry. Please give me one more chance. It will never happen again."

Rufist turned away without even replying.

It is difficult to rebuild a heart that has already been broken, and a person who can do that would not have been shaken in the first place.

"Jane, prepare for discipline when this is over. It's still useful, so I'm keeping it alive."

More than cold words, Jane's face was overshadowed by the fact that she had disappointed the president.

'part... ... .'

To Lufist, all humans in the kingdom are nothing more than accessories to run the system.

"I'm sorry. because of me... ... ."

As Bicon blushed and apologized, Jane shook her head and tried to smile.

"What are you going to do now anyway?"

At Jordic's question, Shirone looked up at the iron tower towering over the building.

"What are the chances that they will attack us until they destroy Radum?"

"100 percent. They know this battle is the last one. They will do everything in their power to stop us."

"Why don't you hit first?"

If you hit it with the punishment of an angel, you should be able to destroy the sacks of fresh flowers.

"With whom? That is definitely the property of the kingdom. We have to preserve the system until we get back the seed of the flower."

Mayray, who had eavesdropped on Ra's thoughts through God's frequency, pointed to the main road and said.

"Enemies are coming."

Ra's voice is always in the past tense.

That's why the enemies had already arrived, and countless sub-species shimmered beyond the veil of the cloaking device.

"The location has been discovered. The interception will begin."

"You're bothering me."

Rufist turned to Shirone and said.

"Approach the fresh flower as quickly as possible. can you do it?"

Shirone, who understood the president's true intentions, took a deep breath and nodded.

"Yes. I could."

"Go forward at full speed. Kuan focuses on protecting VIPs, while the others guard the sides and aft."

As Kuan snuggled close to Arya, the grotesque voice of the Guardians could be heard from inside the concealment facility.

"All attack!"

Enemies began to reveal their identities one by one.

They were members belonging to sub-organizations of the spectrum, such as the Black Revolutionary Corps, Gwangjong, and Speed ??Killer.

"Kill the human! Fulfill the cause of the revolution!"

As the number gradually increased and completely filled the distance, Rufist opened the spirit zone with a frown.

'Iron armor!'

As the steel magic was cast, waves of iron walls soared to a height of 10 meters and were pushed forward.

"What, what?"

Just when the crew were blown away by the rapid expansion speed comparable to the wind, Lufist threw himself.

"Follow. The losers are abandoned."

As hundreds of subhumans screamed as they were pushed against the iron wall, Shirone launched the incarnation of the light angel high into the sky.

'Angel's Punishment!'

With a thump, as the spear of light pierced the iron wall, the whole area was devastated and the bodies of the subhumans flew into the sky.

Kwak Kwa Kwak! Kwak Kwa Kwak!

After confirming that there was no damage to her allies, Shirone repeatedly cast Angel's Punishment.

Hearing the screams of the mayhem from outside the iron walls, the crew felt goosebumps and gnashed their teeth.

'Monstrous guys.'

It was to the point where I didn't know who was not human.

"Stop! I mean stop it!"

"Crazy Goblin, how can you stop that!"

If the collision of the strongest spear and the strongest shield is called a contradiction, the situation when the two were combined was a disaster.

'Is that an ivory tower candidate?'

Even if it was the president of the association, Shirone's inaction, running on an equal footing with a certified first-class archmage, was terrifying.

'I just need to go a little further.'

When the remaining distance to the flower was reduced to less than one kilometer, Kuan's tension soared.

'Are we finally seeing the upper class?'

As far as Kuan knows, all subhumans living in the concealed facility are lower middle class.

Of course, they must also be a powerful force, but the upper class waiting at the Spire of Life and Flower was on a different level from the subhumans who are now being crushed by iron walls.

'There are rumors that there are pure-blooded vampires... ... .'

As Carl heard the sound of crying and moved forward, Mayray, who had been eavesdropping on Ra Enemy's voice, shouted.

"An interception order has been issued!"

At the same time as the horse fell, Rufist, who stopped charging, lowered his balance and put his arms together.

'Golden prison!'

As the iron wall of enormous thickness was formed, it covered all the mercenaries in the form of a hemisphere.

Mayray started counting.

'One second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.'

At the point of 4 seconds, the energy beam fired from the flower directly hit the gold jade.

"Aaaaaaa!"

It was hell only with the noise that prevailed inside.

The situation was so dizzy that even the screams were drowned out by the roar, but Mayley raised her head with a clear gaze.

'Four seconds later it was shot. It must be.'

The case of La Enemy is currently staying in the real life.

"damn! Try something!"

As the energy beam of the fresh flower heats the gold jade, the temperature inside rises rapidly.

I could understand the feelings of the chicken in the steamer.

"I'm going to ripen like this!"

Jordic blew cold air from the ice glove.

It felt cool for a moment, but in the end, it could not be lowered by even 1/10th of the degree and only evaporated into steam.

'If you break the gold prison, you will die anyway. If that's the case, I'd rather gather the heat to the limit... ... .'

Calmly calculating the time, Lufist cracked the gold jade when he could no longer withstand the high temperature.

"Gather with fresh flowers!"

As the compressed heat exploded, the crew members spread in all directions along with iron fragments.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The difference between those who could withstand the explosion and those who could not was sharply divided.

While most of them flew out of control, Quan hugged Arya by the waist and quickly flung herself out of the radius.

At the moment when the energy beam that destroyed the gold jade rushed in, he cast the magic prepared by Shirone.

'Ataraxia!'

It occurred in an instant, and when the photon cannon passed through the magic circle, a huge flash of light was emitted.

The mass wave of light pushed back the energy beam for an instant, but it was too large even with Ataraxia's amplifying power.

'It's really amazing!'

Even so, the fleeting time Shirone earned gave everyone a chance to get out of the radius.

Only Lian remained in place, running through the gale and blocking the line between Shirone and Ataraxia.

"Wow!"

As they slammed the big sword into the ground, an energy beam hit them.

'Hold on! Hold on!'

Lian's divine transcendence is usually strong, but his incarnation in the moment of protecting Shirone is unmatched by others.

"Great!"

Because it was not energy that living things could endure, the finger bones were crushed only by the vibration transmitted through the handle.

'Protect! The Kingdom of Faith... ... !'

The fracture started from the bones of the back of the hand and spread to the whole body.

Smille. Smille.

Following another auditory hallucination, the calf and thigh muscles ruptured with a popping sound, and the left eyeball was crushed and the cheekbone was blown off.

The energy beam finally dissipated.

"Huh... ... ."

A ghost-like moan escaped from Lian's mouth, who received the direct interception of the flower.

From him as the starting point, the energy beam diverged, leaving two wide roads in the city.

"Lee, Lian... ... ."

Shirone's voice trembled.

I had briefly heard about Lian's realm from Miro, but thinking that I could live by blocking an ancient weapon with my bare body felt like a delusion.

"Lian! You can't die!"

I heard Ryan's voice.

"yes. You can't die."

He vigorously pressed the handle of the Daejikdo and stood up. He slowly turned around and said.

"Until I die, you will never die."

Lian's smiling face with one eye closed quickly recovered.

Smille. Smille.

Ignoring the still audible hallucinations, Lian inspected Daejikdo Edea's condition.

'It's really amazing.'

It was a sword that cut many enemies, but it was the first time it had been exposed to such powerful power.

However, as an object that can never be destroyed, there was not even a scratch on the blade.

'I don't know how long I'll hear the hallucinations... ... .'

It didn't matter anyway.

If it was to protect Shirone, even if this was the last time, he would have jumped in without hesitation.

'Thank you, Grandpa.'

Recalling Clump's face and inserting the jigsaw into his back, Shirone asked with a blank expression.

"Lian? Are you really recovered?"

"As you can see, no problem."

The moment Lian raised his thumb, a fist hit his stomach.

Of course, there was no shock due to the muscular barrier, but it annoyed Shirone even more.

"you idiot! What if I do something reckless like that? Is it because you don't know what that is? It's an ancient weapon!"

"You were the one trying to do something with that ancient weapon, right?"

"yes?"

Shirone blinked.

"I saw you preparing for a counterattack. You didn't intend to avoid it from the start, did you? Everyone caught in the explosion would have died if you didn't buy them time."

A Lufist would say it was foolish, but there was a point that even Shirone could not yield to.

"right. The mission is important, but the mercenary squad I formed... ... ."

Lian shook her head.

"It's fine. Whatever decision you make, I'll just follow you as your sword. What I really want to say is that there is nothing as disgraceful to a knight as not being able to keep it."

It meant that if Lian said what he really wanted to say, he would carry it through under any circumstances.

That is the knight's belief.

Perhaps Lian has become a much bigger person than Shirone knows.

'I'm sorry, Lian.'

As if reading Shirone's thoughts, Lian smiled and pointed at Radum's core.

"let's go. We must continue our journey."

=======================================
[675] Radum's Secret (3)





* * *



ancient weapons.

A strategic defense weapon that mimics the biological mechanism that collects photons to grow itself.

It has power so strong that it can supply power to the entire Radum with only its roots in the ground, and it is currently being used as a fortress for the executives of Spectrum, the largest alliance of the subspecies.

As Venezia left Radum, only three ministers, the Combat Division, the Defense Ministry, and the Interior Minister, occupied the round table where the four wills were placed.

However, they were clearly aware of the existence of La Enemy sitting in the empty seat.

Spectrum's Minister of Home Affairs, the pure-blooded vampire Laika, spoke first.

He was a handsome man with his black hair neatly brushed back, his face as pale as if powdered, and his lips as wide as magpies were vividly red.

"The kingdom has made a decision. It was to be expected. It's surprising that the head of the Magic Association came in person."

"Rufist is a strong human being."

Spectrum's Minister of Defense, Flower Tribe Flalino, said.

Her eyelashes were exceptionally long, her red lips glimmering as if she were slippery, and her body exuded a vivid floral scent, not a chemically processed product.

The ancestors of the Hwajok are known as the incarnations of lotus flowers that have attained enlightenment after 40,000 years.

Although they are an outstanding race that use incarnation techniques, there are currently fewer than 30 individuals worldwide.

The reason why they faced such a serious population extinction crisis was because of 'extreme passivity', a unique feature of the species.

Without an instinct to choose a mate, they are genetically wired to conform to the desires of all races.

For them, an accidental connection is a beautiful probability, and they have a noble heart that cherishes any seed.

However, humans did not leave them alone and gradually withered away from their unique desire for possessiveness and monopoly, leading to today.

"Also a dangerous person. Worse than Gaold."

When Mikea Gaold was the president of the association, the pressure on Radum was not too severe.

"That's why I said no to Lufist. It's stupid to think you're going to have a conversation with such a conservative person."

Spectrum also pressured Tormia Kingdom through the organization's channels, but Gaold's accident was too great.

"doesn't care. Because now we have an opportunity. A chance to recapture Baska."

said the man, half of his face covered in reptilian scales.

Minister of Combat of Spectrum, Dragon Demon Draker.

Yongmain is a human being created through a dragon's biological experiment, and the creator, the dragon, considered them a failure, but nevertheless occupied numerous areas with a force incomparable to other sub-species, and finally settled as one race.

"Venice was stupid. If you can't avoid it, you can use it."

At Laika's words, Flallino nodded.

"We subvert humans."

Draker looked back at the empty seat and said.

"I guess you want that too?"

A new memory of La Enemy nodding with a smile was created in the three minds.



* * *



"Joshua! Wake up, Joshua!"

Joshua, who slowly opened his eyes at the feeling of his shoulders shaking, straightened his upper body and aimed his bow.

It was a learned movement, but it was an empty bow because he missed the arrow, but Kargin was not in the spirit to think about that.

"Whoa, whoa! calm down! It's me, it's me!"

She looked at Kargin, who was pale and raised his hands, for a moment, then regained consciousness and lowered his bow.

"What happened?"

"It looks like it was blown away by an explosion. I don't even know where this is."

Kargin's face was beyond words.

Thinking that maybe he did too, Joshua touched the ground.

"I will look for it. Aww!"

Kargin examined her ankle as she smacked her buttocks with a painful expression on her face.

It was swollen and twisted.

"Oops, you're injured. Because I am out of my mind."

When the recovery magic was cast, the burning pain surged.

"it hurts!"

"Be patient. We will be able to fix it soon."

Recovery magic is divided into a high-speed activation type that increases autogenous power and a regeneration type that quickly restores cells, but Kargin's specialty was the latter.

"Thank you for being a regeneration professional. Even if you look at it like this, when you were young, it was the hand of God... ... ."

"Shut up and treat yourself. Because I'm already crazy."

It was Joshua who was openly embarrassing, but he didn't feel particularly bad, perhaps because he had heard his inner thoughts.

"No matter how little it takes, it will take 10 minutes."

Even in the regenerative system, it takes a considerable amount of time to heal a fracture.

"too late. I don't even know where we fell... ... ."

As I was looking around, I heard a muddy voice from the side of the street.

"Kick-kick-kick! I found it, I found it."

Joshua aimed his bow from a seated position. He did not forget to carry the arrow this time.

Goblins appeared from all sides and approached, brandishing bloody weapons befitting their agile movements.

"damn! There are too many numbers."

The arrowheads were equipped with fire-attributed magic bullets, but it was not enough to defeat over 60 enemies.

"Kuruk kuruk! wait! The woman is ours!"

Hearing the voice from behind, Kargin raised his head while casting magic, and Fidu tribes with large axes on the faces of pigs were approaching.

"this... ... Damn it!"

Both races were terrifying to humans in that they ate meat.

The Goblin Alliance Speed ??Killer was displeased with the Fidu Alliance Gwangjong trying to steal their prey.

As if representing the cruel eyes of the goblins, the leader, Martha, pretended to slit her throat and said,

"no. Both humans are ours. If you quietly step back, I'll give you one leg."

"Cluck! Do you think you'll be full on one leg? We're starving!"

Pugo, the leader of the Fidu tribe, strongly protested, but Marta was only delighted with the opponent's earnestness.

"Kick-kick-kick! That's your case. Didn't we find it first? If you feel unfair, run quickly."

The two men, leaning on an arrow and looking at the confrontation between the organizations, swallowed their saliva.

'Maybe things will work out.'

If you stir up Goblin and Pidoo's emotions, you might get a chance to escape.

However, as if mocking their thoughts, Fidu made a terrible suggestion.

"Kuruk kuruk! Then let's do it your way! Then there will be no complaints?"

"Hoo? It's the goblin way. What about you?"

Marta slung a nunchuck with blades over her shoulder, her eyes shining.

"great. Whoever catches it eats it."

"It's meat! meat!"

With Martha's words as a signal flare, goblins and fidus rushed at the two from all directions.

At the same time, Joshua's arrow shot and the magic bullet exploded.

"Yah-hoo!"

The goblins scattered in all directions enjoyed even the resistance of their prey, befitting their warlike nature.

"The intestines are mine! Even the eyeballs are mine!"

"I... ... Khehehehe!"

Kargin grabbed Joshua and cast teleportation, but there was nowhere to escape unless he burrowed into the ground.

"Kikiki, a human on the verge of being slaughtered is more disgusting than a pig."

"Don't call me pig! Crowd!"

Even while teleporting, Joshua's shots were accurate, but the goblin's innate physical abilities rivaled that of a quadrupedal predator.

"Bring it on!"

As the members of Gwangjong continued to rush in and jumped off the building, a flash of teleportation passed between them like a curved flash.

However, they couldn't avoid the goblin's attack, and eventually the repetition compulsion broke and the two rolled on the floor.

"Huhhhh!"

As the condition of Joshua's ankle, which had been restored by nearly 30 percent, worsened, the complexion on Kargin's face disappeared.

"Caught."

Looking back, the members of Speedkiller and Gwangjong formed a semicircle, forming a siege.

"I promise you one thing. will never kill I will just eat."

Marta, who confirmed the change in the expression of the two, held her belly button and smiled.

"Puhahaha! see that face I'm completely fed up with them."

Kargin's body trembled as he held Joshua.

'How can I die?'

I thought I wanted to die while I was living, but when it came time to die, I couldn't think of a way.

"Run away."

Joshua said, throwing smoke grenade arrows at the protesters.

"Fix the timing and get out of the teleportation."

"Ha, but... ... ."

Kargin summoned the courage of his life and asked.

"What about you?"

So, what should I do? I was afraid that the answer would come out.

"Anyway, this life is over. Ever since Leo died."

I don't dare to say that I loved her, but she was a cute little child.

When I laughed with my mother, I was able to forget my miserable life for a moment.

"Guys! It's mealtime!"

Just as Goblin and Peedu rushed at each other as if competing, Joshua set off a smoke grenade.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Kargin teleported into flight and with the greatest concentration of his life, avoided the blade and escaped the enemy's radius.

"Kuruk kuruk! Shall I follow you?"

"it's okay! Take it from the woman! That tastes better!"

As is often the case with the last struggle, Joshua didn't care about breaking his leg, and fired his body and sparingly sent the magic bullet he had.

Whoops! Whoops!

As the sound of the explosion receded, Kargin's running speed slowed.

'What have I done?'

His legs gave out and he fell to his knees.

Didn't he lose Marien like that and live his whole life in despair?

'Let's go back. If I live at this age, how much longer will I live?'

I turned my head to where Joshua was, but my heart still didn't move.

"Huh!"

I didn't want to die.

I wanted to live even if I had only a short life left, even if I had to shoulder the yoke of a coward.

Kargin punched both legs with his fists.

"in action! I mean move!"

My leg hurt like it would break, but I knew the truth.

That it was better than dying to suffer and abuse oneself in this way.

"Aww! move please! Move!"



'Did he escape safely?'

The quiver was empty, and the ankle was twisted terribly.

He single-handedly killed more than 30 enemies, and with a strange strategy, he even eliminated Pugo, the leader of Gwangjong.

It was a new record in her life, but what remained was a well-deserved retaliation.

"Don't think that I will kill you gently."

Marta's eyes were filled with life, and the members of Gwangjong who lost their leader were also salivating at the thought of chewing on her.

'I should have saved one foot.'

At least arrowheads are better than their teeth.

"Cut your legs first."

The goblin, who had been instructed, was about to strike Joshua's leg with a sword as tall as his stature.

"You wicked bastards!"

When everyone looked back, Kargin, who looked 10 years older, came running with a club.

"Aww! Rather kill me, you bastards!"

I could tell that he was already out of his mind by the way he ran with his gray hair scattered.

As Martha stepped, his body rolled and crashed into Joshua.

"What are you doing, you old man! What are you going to do with me!"

"Huh! Like this... ... ."

Kargin said through tears.

"I can't live like this."

"... ... ."

In front of the foolish words that he was just looking for a place to die, Joshua realized that he was the same.

"Quack! what is this guy? I saved you at best, but you walk to death? Do you want to be eaten by us like that?"

'What have I done?'

Kargin came to his senses again.

How many times do you have to come to your senses before you can live in the world pretending to be human?

"Good thing. One woman was not enough."

"Guys, it's a meat feast!"

Overtaking the Speed ??Killer, the chubby Pidoo rushed first.

"Quea! My forearm... ... !"

And the next moment, a flash of light flew in and my face exploded with a bang.

"what!"

I looked around, but no one was there.

"I found it, Lian! This way!"

When I looked up at the voice I heard from above, Shirone was calling Lian from the roof of a two-story building.

"Black! Whoops!"

Tears began to form in Joshua's eyes, and an honorific came out without realizing it.

"Captain!"

=======================================
[676] Radum's Secret (4)





"What else is that guy?"

The members of Speedkiller and Gwangjong looked at Shirone with displeased eyes.

How many times must a meal be interrupted?

If it wasn't for the magician who blew Pedu's head off in one blow, he would have already lost his temper.

"Mr. Joshua, Mr. Kargin. it's okay?"

Since the enemies were in close proximity, the two quickly nodded.

Shirone checked Joshua's twisted ankle and met Marta's eyes.

'As expected, that guy... ... .'

It was the most powerful sub-species here.

"Back off."

"what? Back off? How is your mind?"

Goblins, who have a much higher fear threshold than humans, are not easily frightened under any circumstances.

"There's no way you'd give up on such delicious food, right?"

It was Shirone who once asked Flew if he could find a peaceful solution.

At the time, her response to not force her ideals on others was harsh, but now I understand.

"You guys are the same life."

Martha frowned as if she had been insulted.

"I don't want to kill meaninglessly. But I don't know how to save my comrades without fighting."

"So what? Make me beg for help?"

"Run away."

A photon cannon floated on Shirone's palm.

"That's fair."

"Cuck-cuck-cuck!"

Martha shrugged.

"Hey, human. Is this your first time doing something like this?"

Shirone did not answer.

"Do you think you are a dragon or something? How many races in the world do you think can compromise with goblins? just fight Live or die, we will take care of it."

said Martha, baring her fangs.

"Become goblin shit."

As the members of Speedkiller and Gwangjong rushed at the same time, Kargin hugged Joshua and closed his eyes tightly.

"Yaaaaap!"

A cheering sound was heard from above the building, and Lian, who overcame gravity with his bare body, brandished a great sword.

When all four of the Pidus were cut off, Martha rushed in, clicking her tongue.

"What is that again?"

As the goblin's unique swordsmanship of rolling on the ground and aiming for the ankle unfolded, Lian hurriedly stepped forward.

'Surely fast. This is the goblin.'

When it comes to speed alone, it overwhelms the schema.

"Taha! Taha! Taha!"

As I rolled forward and slashed continuously, Lian counterattacked by swinging the great sword with his wrist.

"Kick Kick! Slow down, you idiot!"

The moment Marta, rolling on the floor avoiding the cross-cutting sword, aimed for Lian's ankle.

"yes?"

As if destroying common sense, the sword's trajectory bent, and the great straight sword that he grabbed with reverse hand slammed his torso down with precision.

"Aagh!"

I didn't understand even in the situation where I was stamped on the floor like a bug.

'how... ... .'

I had never even imagined a swordsmanship that would change its trajectory while swinging.

"It's hard to catch cockroaches."

Lian, who forcibly reversed the flow of the sword with divine transcendence, muttered as she felt the sharp pain radiating from her arms.

"Marthaaaa!"

It's normal to be terrified when a leader dies, but the fighting power of the goblins has risen even more steeply.

"I'll stab you hundreds of times!"

It was colorless for her exultant shouts, and the goblins that came in from all directions stopped walking all at once.

As the blood faded from his characteristic green face, it turned a light purple color similar to that of a corpse.

"I-what is that?"

The scenery began to turn red like hell around Shirone, who was reaching out her hand.

I could see buildings beating like hearts in the landscape that clearly bordered the real world.

"Come out, Igor."

And from that infernal realm, Igor, the Lord of Terror, walked out, sitting on a dead horse, dangling his spear.

"Laktas Sagaar Verodem."

After spitting out his signature remark, he rammed the spear of blue flame into the floor, and blue lightning spread out in concentric circles.

"Quaaaaaa!"

The scenery of memories born from the inside flowed rapidly through the retinas of the goblin and Pidu.

Because they are a warlike race, the trauma they experience is different from that of humans.

"Aww! rather kill it! I mean kill!"

When I was just born, the memory of the leader tortured me as a joke crossed my mind with the pain of reality.

"Shit! Why are you seeing this!"

A goblin scratched his eyelids with sharp claws, and blood ran down his cheeks.

I didn't even want to imagine what a spectacle would gouge out the eyes of a race that reveled in the atrocities of the world.

It is an eternity of time for them, but in reality it is an illusion of trauma that passes by in an instant.

In the end, the subhumans who succumbed to fear began to scream and scatter in all directions.

"I-I can do that."

Kargin and Joshua opened their mouths blankly.

I couldn't believe the sight of the things that had been giggling, treating them as food until now, howling in terror.

"That's why I told you to run away."

A homing photon cannon floated around Shirone.

As the seeker's laser looked around and picked up the targets one by one, it was bent at a terrifying speed.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

"Isn't the light bending?"

Kargin bit his lip as he watched Goblins and Pidu fall down, pouring brains as if they had been hit in the head by an iron ball.

'It's on a different level. It wasn't a battlefield for people from the streets like us to fight.'

I was able to realize why it was 100,000 gold and what it meant to say that nothing is free in the world.

Igor, who was proudly looking down at the battlefield where the enemies were annihilated, turned to Shirone and said.

"You call me often."

Even if it was the other side world, the realm of space was the same as reality, so it would be difficult to meet it if you got out of Radum.

"Go in. I'm not in the mood to joke."

There was no mercy in the magic of a magician with a Kar value of 90%, but emotions were still human.

"... ... It's your world's business."

As soon as Parkji turned away from his senses, the other world closed again and Igor disappeared.

After calming herself down with the mindless breathing method, Shirone jumped off the building and looked back at Kargin and Joshua.

The fact that I realized again was that Shirone moved from her seat for the first time since the battle started.

"How are your legs?"

"ah... ... it's okay."

It didn't look good at all.

"Be patient. Let's go find the other crew members. Then I'd like to treat you."

Shirone turned away, not knowing when the enemies might reappear, but Kargin rolled his eyes nervously.

"there... ... Captain."

When Shirone turned around, Kargin knelt down and slammed his forehead on the floor.

"please! Please let me go back!"

Joshua said with a puzzled expression.

"Suddenly, something... ... ."

But she also had no choice but to keep her mouth shut when she saw Kargin's face turning away in tears.

I could read the urgency of wanting to go together.

'You want to live.'

I wanted to live to the point of dying.

"I will vomit all the money I received! I'll pay the cancellation fee too! Please send me and Joshua!"

The reason why the mercenaries were organized anyway was to infiltrate Rufist unofficially into Radum.

Even so, the mercenaries also risked their deaths to join, so escaping now was a breach of contract.

"I know that a mercenary who betrayed once cannot set foot on this floor. How is he going to pay the penalty?"

"that's... ... ."

Did he think that since he was the benefactor who saved his life, he would let her go without hesitation?

As the blood dried up at Shirone's cold response, Joshua crawled over with a broken ankle and fell flat on his stomach.

"If a person can do anything, I will do anything to pay it back. please have mercy I want to live."

'Hmm, there must be a fraud problem.'

A thought like that suddenly passed through Lian's head, but it was up to Shirone to decide anyway.

'Because I'm going to keep fighting.'

In a sense, I thought that the life of a prosecutor who only had to think about one thing was also blessed.

When Lian deliberately avoided the seat for the sake of the two of them, Shirone let out a big sigh and said,

"go."

As soon as they agreed, Kargin and Joshua raised their heads and looked at Shirone.

It wasn't the benevolent face I was expecting, but it didn't contain the emotion of criticism either.

"Once you get out of Radum safely, go see Mr. Brooks and write a new contract. Please return the request fee as well."

Kargin, whose heart was filled with the thought that he could not die here, lowered his head.

"thank you! Thank you very much!"

Shirone, who tried to turn her body coldly, flew up the building and said to Lian.

"let's go."

Lian climbed the building while stepping on the wall along with Shirone, who was quickly moving away, and landed on the roof.

"Are you looking for other members?"

"It should be."

He may have said he would leave Radum like Kargin and Joshua, but he was still a member of Shirone.

Shirone, who jumped over the building without saying a word, asked.

"... ... What do you think?"

"You know. Black does not judge."

"Not as a sword, but as my friend Lian. Do you think it was foolish to send them back?"

Lian, who was silent for a moment, smiled.

"You can't do that, you idiot."

The idea that a person who does not know that even one life is precious will take care of 10,000 lives is a delusion.

Shirone was always Shirone.



* * *



"what? What the hell is going on!"

After receiving the report from his subordinates, Brooks hurriedly moved along the corridor.

From the room at the end of the hallway, the screams of a three-brained Venetian leaked out.

"stop! Please stop!"

Arriving at the room, Brooks turned pale when he saw Venezia's maddened eyes.

"hey! Wake! what's the matter!"

The time zone where Brooks is located is now.



- Wasn't that what you wanted?



La Enemy, talking to Venezia, was in the past.

"no! It's not like this!"

When La Enemy came to Brooks' mansion, Venezia was determined to face him.

"What are you up to?"

It was because he thought that he would not be used by him as long as he gave up his position as the head of Spectrum.

"How about seeing for yourself?"

The memories of La Enemy began to flow into the brain dedicated to Venice's past.

'This... ... .'

It was an incident.

The story of La Enemie in the distant past, which cannot be called history.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Tears of blood flowed from Venice's eyes.

'How, how could this happen!'

Is this a disaster or a blessing?

What was clear was that the event had reached a singular point that was impossible to analyze and predict even with the three-brained brain.

"Ah, ah... ... ."

Venezia's painfully contorted face suddenly became hazy, as if in ecstasy.

'I see. God. this is it... ... .'

The shocking truth that God was hiding.

'Can't win. No matter what means we take, we will never be able to defeat Ra.'

La Enemy approached with a sad smile.

"yes."

Slowly reaching out his hand, he lowered Venezia's eyelids, feeling her life slowly fade away.

"That is me."

Venice prayed earnestly.

'Come out of there, Shirone.'

Her body fell forward, and her three brains sequentially stopped working.

'I must not meet La Enemie.'

No one should try to save mankind.

"Hey, Venice! Wake!"

Brooks turned Venezia over and shook her shoulder, but her body was already cold.

"Damn it! How much is this! call the doctor! Right Now!"

La Enemie, who existed in the past, looked at Venezia's corpse, then slowly turned and left the room.

Brooks shouted.

"Damn it! How much is this! call the doctor! Right Now!"

=======================================
[677] Occurrence of the five senses (1)





Shirone's mercenaries, blown away by the gold jade explosion, were scattered.

It didn't matter to Lufist, but it bothered him that Arya wasn't there.

"Where have you gone?"

Jane, who had flung herself along with Lufist, climbed into the sky and looked around.

"It seems to have gone quite deep. I think I will approach life on my own. We wait too."

It wouldn't be a big deal since Kuan was attached as a bodyguard, but the code imprinted in Arya's subconscious had to be perfect.

"find. I will go to the fresh flower first."

If you split it in two, it becomes perfect.

"All right."

Lufist added as Jane was about to board the Cosmic Rail and depart.

"Jane."

"Yes?"

"Two mistakes are unacceptable."

No factor other than returning live flowers to national property should affect the mission.

"... ... All right."

As the cosmic rail flew away at high speed and disappeared beyond the building, Lufist looked back at the spire of fresh flowers.

"It is quiet."

As he walked, he muttered.

"What are you up to?"



* * *



"Kyaaaagh!"

Arya sat down next to the building, clutching her head and screaming.

Members of Spectrum's sub-organization Vega were fighting Kuan.

The armed forces of the Tubo race with the face of an ox and an abnormally developed lower body were overwhelming among the sub-organizations, but only one could not surpass Quan's sword.

"Where the hell are you!"

None of the Tubos saw Quan's face.

It was because the movement of the clown Pierrot was so exquisite, and it was because those who saw his face stopped breathing once.

A strong wind blew in, and Kuan appeared in front of Arya.

She opened her eyes slowly and saw countless pieces of beef strewn about.

"Are you okay?"

As long as Kuan protects her, she is safe.

However, the heat of the gold-ok heated by the fresh flowers was so great that her wrists and ankles, which had no special defense mechanism, were severely blistered by burns.

"yes I'm okay."

Arya's face was pale as she said that.

'It's infected.'

If it was to kill, it might have been, but when it came to saving lives, Quan's sword was of no use whatsoever.

"can go. code... ... ."

Arya's condition was rapidly deteriorating.

Radum is basically dirty and a place where many sub-species live together, so it was difficult to treat it if the cause was not found.

"Mr. Quan."

Jane, who fell vertically from the sky, jumped off the cosmic rail.

"Why are you still here?"

"As you can see, the factor was injured."

As Arya shivered with chills, Quan made an excuse that was not an excuse.

"You cannot cut germs."

It wasn't Quan's fault.

"Jane, quickly... ... my code... ... ."

Arya said with a desperate look.

It was better to hand over the code to Jane as soon as possible, as long as I didn't know if I would lose consciousness.

The problem was that transferring the code without connecting to the main system of the flower would accompany Arya's death.

"it's okay."

She had already made up her mind.

"I am also a diplomat belonging to the kingdom of Tormia. I know that it is the first position to sacrifice in case of national crisis. Take the code."

Jane looked at Arya pitifully.

'Accessories of the kingdom.'

According to Rufist's theory, humans are just tools that must be consumed to maintain the system.



- Double mistakes are unacceptable.



The president's voice penetrated my mind like hypnosis.

"There is one way."

Aria made a blank expression at Jane's words.

"How are you in this situation?"

"I am going to infiltrate the real flower with my mind connected to Aria. If you go all the way to the main system and transfer the code, there will be no problem."

Since Jane is a spirit-type magician, if you maximize the tentacle-type spirit zone, you will be able to connect the spirit to the real flower.

"But! Then Jane is in danger!"

There was no way that full combat power could be demonstrated while focusing on the shape of the Spirit Zone.

Besides, the place she had to go to was the center of the living room, where the upper classes of the sub-species were staying.

"Aria is right. We are an accessory to the state."

Jane put her hand on Arya's shoulder.

"But they are not suicide squads. It is not a human choice not to do something when there is a way."

"Miss Jane... ... ."

Jane turned around as Arya burst into tears.

"Please protect Aria. It won't take long."

Her determination also required a terrifying decision, so Kuan bowed her head respectfully.

'Cosmic Rail.'

After connecting the Spirit Zone to Aria, Jane rode the Cosmic Rail and flew back into the sky.

"Awesome."

Despite the mental burden, the speed at which the rails were laid was not different from before.



* * *



In the shadows of the cloaking area, Mayray was on her knees, covering her left ear.



* * *



'Didn't they say that they would gather at the real flower?'

Windstorm Wigg ran straight toward the flower as Rufist had instructed.

On the way, he met a group of Fidu tribesmen, but he was also a swordsman who was recognized by the world as a divinity, and only a pig's head rolled on the floor in the place where the dazzling double swordsmanship had passed.

"Wheey. Whii."

At first, I thought it was the sound of the wind, but when I realized that it contained a unique melody, I immediately stopped and took a fighting stance.

"Whee-hee. Whii."

It was a sorrowful melody, and it matched well with the desolate landscape of Radum.

"Who are you? come out."

Woo woo woo!

At that moment, a roaring engine sound was heard from the side of the flower, and all of Radum's concealment devices were turned off.

"what?"

Wig, who was looking around with a puzzled expression, found a goblin caught in his field of vision and raised his twin swords.

'What is that guy?'

A goblin wearing a shabby red cloak, wearing nose glasses with a hooked nose, was sitting on the roof railing and whistling.

The whistle disappeared as if it permeated the air, and he lifted his nose glasses with his fingers and looked up at the cloudy sky and said,

"Is there any need to fight, comrade?"

It was Kido, the leader of the speed killers.

"For what purpose did you set foot in a ruined world?"

"Two."

Wig, who spat on the floor, aimed his twin swords.

"To pretend to be pedantic on the subject of monkeys. Don't talk nonsense, come on. Because there is no time."

Holding a 1.5 meter long spear with blades on both sides, Kido flapped his cloak and jumped down.

"You have to eat life, and you have to fight to eat it. Life itself is a battle. Poor human being, are you also a being caught in the yoke of eating and breeding?"

"Don't compare yourself to you savages. Ugly people who prey on their own people and rape anyone."

"There is no feeding without reproduction."

A whistle sounded as Kido swung the spear.

"Eat, eat, eat, and finally, if only you and another human remain in the world... ... ."

The afterimage that had been spinning like a top stopped abruptly, drawing a horizontal line.

"Answer me. Will you reproduce with him or will you feed him?"

Wigg, displeased for no reason, flung his body as fast as the wind.

"Where is the sermon!"

At the same time as the twin swords approached with flashes of sword light, Kido's spear spread an afterimage.



Goblin Spearmanship - Hundred and Eight Torments.



A sharp whistling sound penetrated Wig's eardrums.



* * *



"It seems that everyone who will gather has gathered."

Silverling Guild Master Arkman said to Etela.

Yordyk from the War Wagon Guild, Yvian and Elwe from Blood Rose, and even the heavily armored swordsman Vicorn gathered behind her.

Aakman looked at the corpse of Con, a member of the guild, bitterly.

It was pure luck as to who would be rescued first as the Spectrum subgroups searched the area, and Cohn could be said to be the least fortunate.

'Stupid bastard. He should have lived somehow.'

"I'm going to the fresh flower now."

The reason why there was no reply to Etella's words was that he knew the true nature of this operation.

There was nothing they could do in the mission of an ancient weapon intercepting the ground.

"I won't ask you to come with me. No, you guys should go back now."

It was a matter for Syrone to decide, but Ethella already knew what choice he would make as a disciple of hers.

"I will take responsibility. It won't hurt you."

They thought they were qualified to receive 100,000 gold just by coming this far.

Contrary to expectations, the crew noticed each other.

'With 100,000 gold, I can't even fund my retirement.'

Being in charge of their own guild, not a regular mercenary, a mission failure would have a fatal impact on their reputation.

Aakman looked back at the flower that was only 300 meters away.

'Are you almost there anyway?'

The skills of the core members are also formidable, so it seemed that once they joined, they would be able to rub it in somehow.

"If the Silverling Guild remains, the war wagon will also remain."

Yordic said, and Yvian did not back down either.

"It's a guild that has worked hard all my life, but I can't give up here."

Just as Ethella let out a sigh at their determination, dwarfs with children's faces came out from the side of the road.

It was a magical pilker.

"found. Here!"

As Shining Magic was cast over Pilker's head, Goblins, Pidus, and Tubos rushed in.

The number of enemies had to increase as it was close to the real flower, and in an instant, the street corners were filled with enemies.

"Sheesh! Let's break through!"

The mercenaries in good spirits were ready for battle, and subhumans rushed in like waves.

The firepower was terrifying as all the masters of the three wizarding guilds of the kingdom gathered.

As Yvian bound the enemy's weapons with a magnetic field, Bicorn swung his sword into it with his massive body.

"Things less than worms!"

I rushed much faster than usual thinking that I had not paid for my meal so far, but a dagger flew from the side.

"Keugh!"

The blade-like shell of a dagger bounced with the sound of a visor, and then Chagall, who was not normal at first glance, thrust his face into it.

"Chagall!"

Ethella shouted, but in an instant, a crowd of subhumans rushed in and blocked Chagall's appearance.

'The author is dangerous!'

As he opened the road by defeating the demi-species with his fists, he heard the unique sound of a rapid-fire sword vibrating in the air.

"Do you think you'll die by coming all the way here!"

As the bicorn twisted left and right, Chagall's dagger ricocheted off the heavy armor.

'It's thick.'

Chagall's inspiration ended there, and three sword strikes aimed at the gaps in the armor with a whooshing sound.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The bicorn struggled with its shells embedded in its left and right eyeballs and left nape.

"Tighten your muscles with the schema! If you leave it as is... ... !"

Before Etella could finish her words, blood gushed out from the nape of the bicorn.

The faster-than-expected hand movements meant that there was no need to even consider the enemy's condition.

As 12 more shells penetrated the already dead bicorn's armor gap, the corpse collapsed trembling as if convulsing.

"Mr. Bicorn!"

Ethella turned on the light in her eyes and tried to run, but Chagall's dagger flew in first.

Unlike before, the attack clearly aimed at the forehead, and Etella stopped walking with her upper body tilted back.

'What the hell are you?'

Why is Tia still alive?

'How far is the truth and how far is the illusion?'

As Chagall blocked the mercenaries, the Pilkers behind them whispered innocently.

"what? Are you on our side?"

"it's okay! Fight quickly!"

The moment the subhumans, who had the momentum like fire, rushed at the mercenaries, Chagall drove a rapid-fire sword into the goblin's forehead.

"Ouch!"

"You bastard! Enemies!"

The members of the Speed ??Killer rapidly turned, and numerous daggers flew into the air.

'Just kill it.'

It would become clear only when there was no life left in the world.

Terrible screams erupted one after another, and in an instant, more than 20 people collapsed in blood.

Looking at Chagall who reappeared, Ethella trembled.

"I will kill you all."

Chagall is an acquired murderer.

And he was the evil of evil.

=======================================
[678] Occurrence of five senses (2)





* * *



Brooks shouted at the medics.

"hurry! There is no time!"

If the golden time was passed while the heart stopped, it would be the end.

"This, this... ... !"

Like a resourceful mercenary broker, those who flew to Brooks' mansion were experts in first aid and first aid.

Electric shocks were applied and CPR was performed endlessly, but Venezia did not move.

"It's not possible! He's already dead!"

"Save! It's all over without this woman!"

When Rufist safely completes his mission, Brooks gets exclusive rights to manage Radum.

The fastest way to stabilize Radum was to use Venezia, the leader of the spectrum.

"It's okay to die, so keep going!"

It was nonsense, but the medical staff understood it perfectly and continued to shock the heart.

After 15 minutes like that, the exhausted people spread out one by one and fell to their seats.

"it is done. dead."

"Damn it!"

Brooks, who had kicked the door open enough to shatter the light chip, couldn't control his excitement and walked around the room briskly.

"Huh uh uh uh!"

Then Venice's eyes flashed open and she inhaled as much air as her lungs would allow.

"Venice!"

Brooks ran, and the medical staff also forgot their fatigue and jumped up.

"Uh, how... ... ."

My heart was beating again.

"I live! Lived, Mr. Brooks!"

"ha ha ha! What did I say? You said you could do it!"

The purpose was divided into life and money, but the joy was the same.

"Wait, what is this woman doing?"

One of the medical staff approached Venezia with a serious expression.

Raising her upper body before she knew it, she was staring at the front as if her soul had been lost.

"La Enemy... ... ."

The three brains have three brains that recognize the past, present, and future, but the only living brain in Venice's head is the forebrain, which recognizes the past.

This was also a sensory ability of a mechanism completely different from that of the human brain.

Her gaze moved sideways, following Enemy's footsteps.

"You have to meet him."

As I muttered an incomprehensible sound, I got up and a female medical staff put a coat over my upper body.

"Venice! Where are you going?"

Because the brain that recognizes the present died, she was unable to analyze the current situation, and it was impossible to predict the future that she would never meet Ra Enemy.

Also, this was the reason La Enemie came to Venice.

"To Radum."

The eyes that saw Ra Enemy, the vision of Daejeonghwagi, moved to follow Ra Enemy.



* * *



Rufist, who was waiting for Jane at the entrance of the flower garden, frowned when the power to the concealed facility was cut off all at once.

'It feels cheap.'

There is no way that an ancient weapon capable of biological feedback was cut off due to some kind of glitch.

In the end, it was the judgment of the spectrum, and it probably wasn't good intentions on the human side.

'I'm concentrating my power.'

A groaning sound came from the mouth of Lupist, who had bitten his teeth.

Judging from the size of the flower, if it is at its maximum output, the royal castle will also be within range.

From the first time he started managing Radum, he set a limit on the interception radius, but if Ra Enemy was directly involved, it was a situation that could be sufficiently lifted.

'Now it's a great purification period. I was born 19 years ago, so I was careless.'

It was easy to figure out the unlock code if La Enemy ruled over the events of the past.

Rufist infiltrated the flower without waiting for the party.

'Be sure to solve it, Jane.'

I just hoped that she would take control of the living flower in time.



* * *



Every time dozens of rapid-fire swords were pierced, the terrible screams of the subspecies erupted.

All the members belonging to the lower organization of the spectrum were attacking Chagall, and Etella and the others just watched in awe.

'That's not human. It's a ghost.'

It was such a slaughter that even the warmongering Jordyk made his body tremble.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The screams grew closer to them, and finally Chagall emerged through the crowd.

"Huh!"

His face was crumpled like a hieroglyph of intent to kill, and an unapproachable madness gleamed like oil in his bare white eyes.

'kill! Eliminate all life!'

When doubts disappeared in front of a clear purpose, the schema strengthened the body, boasting the best function ever.

"Stop! Listen to me!"

When Ethella shouted, Chagall's face contorted even more.

'Tia!'

why did she have to die?

'do not think about anything! When all life is gone... ... !'

Thinking is gone too.

"die!"

When the martial arts of the rapid-fire sword surpassed the battle and reached the disaster level, they attacked Chagall regardless of race.

As if he was born to destroy life, those who entered his radius were instantly punctured and knocked out.

' trapezius muscle! clavicle! Deltoids!'

"Aagh!"

Blood spurted out of the shell of the rapid-fire sword as the blade pierced the goblin's left neckline.

'sternum! Pectoralis major! Overcoat oblique! Rectus abdominis!'

"Kwaaaek!"

Pidu, with a blade embedded in his torso, screamed.

'Rectus femoris! Park Geun! The vastus medialis!'

"Mmmmmmmmm!"

The dagger descended obliquely down Tubo's thick thighs, starting at the crotch and going up the center of the body again, striking the vital organs.

'bladder! kidneys! Camouflage! lung! Heart!'



-The point is to stab quickly.



"shut up!"

Chagall, ignoring Raiden's voice that did not fall like a specter, frantically twisted his upper body and stabbed his dagger in all directions.

Juggling of slaughter.

Chagall, who had driven the dagger back into the place where he had been stabbed and twisted it to collect the skin, glared at the next wave of enemies.

The goblin's jaw trembled as their eyes collided.

"Do, run away!"

As soon as the words to run away came out of their mouths, which were unmatched in their aggression, the battle was almost over.

"this!"

As Chagall approached at a speed that the eyes couldn't follow, Aarkman cast teleportation.

'Fire Snake... ... !'

As soon as I arrived, I tried to cast magic, but my pupils shook at the pain that surged from my toes.

"Keugh!"

Before I knew it, the dagger of the rapid-fire sword had taken both of my feet.

If I cast teleport again like this, my ankle would be blown away, but it was better than dying.

"Aaaagh!"

What Aakman could see after tearing off his ankle and rolling on the floor were daggers pouring down like rain.

"You fool! Harm!"

Jordyk swung an ice whip made from an ice glove, but seven shells were already embedded in Aakman's heart.

'damn! Where are you!'

It was a jordic that captured Chagall's movements through the spirit zone, but it was the realm of cognition.

It took a long time for the nerves to derive a logical response, and Chagall filled the gap.

"Ugh, ugh!"

Giving up on his thoughts, Jordyk recklessly swung the whip, but there was no feeling of being caught.

pick.

The sound of flesh being pierced was as clear as the chirping of birds.

"Ouch... ... !"

The moment Jordyk stumbled like a crab with the dagger's shell stuck in his neck, Chagall flew away.

He reached out his arm and stabbed the back of his neck three more times, and Jordyk's body was pushed aside as if in sync with the beat.

"Aaaagh!"

Blood was sprayed by the pressure.

'If we continue like this, we will all die!'

Etella attacked from a blind spot, but Chagall, who was in charge of the incident, left immediately and aimed at Yvian.

"Huh!"

In front of Yvian's raised eyes, Chagall's dagger was unable to move forward and trembled.

'what?'

The handle of the rapid-fire sword was metal.

"Now! hurry... ... !"

Before Yvian could finish his sentence, Chagall's kick hit his side.

"Huh!"

All the ribs are broken, but if you release the magnetic force, the dagger will stab you in.

"Hmm."

Chagall, who turned and landed on the ground, grabbed Yvian by the back of his head and pushed him towards the dagger.

There was a thump, and the blade pierced his forehead.

"master!"

When Elwe cast his magic, powerful poison gas spread.

It was the only revenge she could do when all the masters of the three major guilds died.

"Whoa!"

After holding her breath for nearly five minutes, Ethella exhaled slowly as the thick haze dissipated.

"town! town!"

Chagall hugged Elwe from behind and sat down against the wall, covering her mouth.

No matter how powerful the gas is, it will not blow on the caster.

At first, he pointed the blade at him, but when he did not dispel the magic, he blocked his nose and mouth.

Ethella looked at Elwi, who was crying in fear.

"Wait. Something to tell you... ... ."

"Oops! Ugh!"

Chagall stared only at Ethella and stabbed the dagger into Elwe's upper body.

Tuk-tuk-tuk. Tuk-tuk-tuk.

It was a mechanical repetition, as if a stamp had been put on for fun, and each time the blade struck, Elwee's body twisted as if it had been electrocuted.

When life finally died out, Ethella closed her eyes and meditated.

'Where interest goes, only corpses remain.'

Over 100 corpses, including humans and sub-species, were strewn about, and blood was flowing as if it had rained.

'But why does Master... ... .'

Did he give his own life to Lee Ja?

"Do you hate me?"

Chagall asked.

"If you hate me, go for it."

When Elwe's trembling disappeared, Chagall stood up holding the only remaining dagger in his hand.

"You are strong. more than I."

Ethella admitted frankly.

"But if you were nothing more than evil, you could not have murdered my teacher, Archbishop Raphael."

"I am evil."

There was no way Chagall would forget Raphael.

"Were you his disciple? Your master died by my hand. Get your revenge."

"I found out about you. And I found out why Master was willing to give himself up to you."

"hypocrisy."

The corners of Chagall's mouth went up.

"If you want to wrap it like that, you can do it... ... ."

"There has never been a group called the Grassleaf Circus."

"what?"

In order to uphold the will that Raphael delivered through death, Etella endured the desire to defeat Chagall at any moment with superhuman good will.

"Your whole life is fake. It was just a brain in a vat."



* * *



Shirone jumped over Radum's building and searched the area.

"Lian, let's scatter."

Lian agreed as time was running out.

"Then I'll take this one. you go to the other side See you at the entrance of the fresh flower."

"yes. Be careful."

Lian laughed as if she was worried about everything and threw herself away.

'It's a body that can't die even if it wants to die.'

After jumping down from the building, Lian ran with all his might and meticulously searched the surroundings.

Although he cannot fly in the sky like a wizard, his traces remain on the ground.

'Over there.'

After following the corpses of sub-species, Lian stopped walking.

Windstorm Wigg.

He was dead with his back cut off.

The face that contained the emotion at the moment of death conveyed the embarrassment of not even knowing how it had been cut.

'It's not an injury sustained in battle.'

As if it had been forcibly torn off, his right arm had disappeared from below the elbow.

Tuk, tuk, when Lian raised his head at the creepy sound, a glasses-wearing goblin wearing a red cloak was holding Wig's arm and tearing at his flesh.

Lian, who licked his chin and confirmed that the flesh fell over, aimed his jigsaw.

"Come down. I'll give you a piece."

"If I'm going to argue... ... ."

said the goblin, brushing his teeth with his tongue.

"He was the one who hunted me first."

Wig's arm trembled.

"Kill me to make money, and buy food with that money. Anything different from this?"

The true identity of the goblin that eats Wig's body is the leader of the speed killers, Kido of Eating.

It was a person who corresponds to the beauty of the great purification period.

=======================================
[679] Occurrence of the five senses (3)





Lian did not deny Kido's words.

He had experienced how human nature manifests itself in extreme situations.

Lian was also able to endure more than others, but it wasn't that he didn't do it like them because his nature was different.

"Come down. Let's fight."

Slash because it's just an enemy.

It was Lian's strength to erase numerous meanings through simple goal setting.

"Humans are so arrogant."

Kido, who had jumped down from a high place, landed lightly and swung the spear. A sharp sound was heard.

'He's a nimble guy.'

Lian, who faced him directly, knew best how fast Whig of the Flurry was.

'I guess it's faster.'

Kido's figure disappeared, and when Lian twisted his back, the sword blade collided with the blade as he turned the sword upside down.

"Huh!"

But all that remains is the sound.

Lian, who was shocked by the agility of Kido, who had disappeared again, realized his misjudgment.

'It's not faster.'

Much faster.

Although he hadn't seen the battle himself, it was clear that Wigg would have been defeated without a proper counterattack.

Piri Riri. Piri Riri.

The sound of the flute coming from the window had the fatal disadvantage of exposing the location, but at this speed, it was rather distracting.

"Kiki, as expected, it's different, Mach's knight."

'Do you know me?'

As Kido, hanging from the spear, spun like a wheel and sped on the ground, sparks flew wherever the blade struck.

The interval between the sparks gradually increased to 4, 5, and 6 meters, and sparks rose in all directions as if they had penetrated Lian.

'Here to cut!'

Unknowingly, Kido, who rolled across the floor, swung his spear, and Lian sensibly kicked off the ground and flew up.

"Heh, on the topic of living with both feet planted on the ground... ... ."

Kido, who arrived at the landing spot first, threw his back to the ground and swung his spear, causing a rough turn.

"I always look up at the sky."



Goblin Spear - Blade Hell.



"Big!"

External gravity was impossible, but Lian overcame the inertia of the fall with the ability of divine transcendence and landed far away.

"Kiki, you know how to do one."

Kido, who rolled on the floor in a spinning state, quickly approached Lian's feet and swung his spear.

"Keugh!"

I felt a burning pain in my Achilles tendon.

Before Lian could even counterattack, Kido opened his mouth and raised his right hand.

"How about now, can you see what's under your feet?"

The flesh that had been ripped off Lian's ankle was clutching at it.

"you... ... I realized something."

Even if he wasn't a goblin, he couldn't have reached such a technical level.

Kido put the flesh in his mouth and chewed it.

"... ... ."

Lian didn't feel any special inspiration, but he didn't miss the deep feeling that resided in the snake-like pupils for a moment.



Goblin Incarnation - Law of the Earth.



"All living things live on the ground."

While humans were looking up at the sky and imagining the universe, there was a goblin who fell to the ground with an extremely humble heart.

"The earth embraces everything. They feed you, give you a place to lie down, and take your excrement. Just like a mother."

One day, when the thought came to him, he gave up walking and crawled on the ground.

I tasted the soil, heard the vibrations of the earth, and observed everything in it.

When I discovered that the already enlightened creatures were completely entrusting their lives to their mother's arms, I was moved to tears.

It was the first tear shed in a goblin's life.

At the end of a year, his limbs slowly spread out like limbs coming out of a tadpole.

At first, it crawled on its belly, but as its fingers and toes gradually gained strength, it began to float and move on its belly like an insect.

And finally, when his mind and body were completely assimilated into the ground, he finally realized.

gravity.

The principle of moving in the arms of the earth.

Just the fact that goblins, less introspective than humans, realized that they were incarnations, showed how deep their thoughts were.

"You are also a creature. You cannot catch me as long as I am bound by the law of the earth (gravity). Are you still going?"

"I guess so."

Lian, who had a great sword over his shoulder, moved on, shaking his ankle after it had finished regenerating.

"After hearing what you said, I thought of a way to win."

"yes?"

As Kido spun the spear and accelerated, the sound of the flute began to grow louder without knowing the end.

"Don't expect it."

The moment he lifted his legs in the air, his body seemed to tingle, and then he escaped from his line of sight.

'It's definitely a speed that is hard to catch up with the human eye... ... .'

Lian, who had a large sword over his shoulder, twisted his body rapidly while lowering his center of gravity.

'I am a yaksha!'



Axing-deny.



"what?"

As the scenery surrounding Lian shook bizarrely, Kido hurriedly applied the brakes.

A large straight sword passed in front of his eyes at an unimaginable speed, and Lian's muscles twisted.

"Yaaaaa!"

Lian ran towards Kido without stopping.

It is a feature of Denai that the scenery is crumpled like a carpet and comes from the action that destroys Kido's cognitive ability.

"Wow!"

But Kido also charged forward, revealing the warlike goblin fighting spirit.

In a short moment, dozens of sums were made, and the sound of iron clashing was heard loudly.



Goblin Spearmanship - Hundred and Eight Torments.



It wasn't enough that the left and right blades pushed almost simultaneously, causing afterimages that spread in all directions.

However, Lian's movements also moved at the same speed and the blade bounced off.

'What the hell is this... ... .'

Even the sound of the flute was drowned out by the strong wind as the sword the size of a yam caused an afterimage.

The physical strength was on a different level, and Kido crouched down and rolled on the floor at the shock that seemed to crush his hand.

"Kiyiyi!"

He screamed and aimed at Lian's ankle, but he was already floating in the air.

'It's caught!'

Kido, limbs attached to the ground like a bug, glided towards the landing spot.

Even so, it was faster than bipedal walking, and at the correct timing, he crouched down and unleashed a blade hell.

"what... ... !"

In the rapidly spinning Kido's field of vision, he saw Lian still hanging in the air.

'Magic?'

It couldn't be!

'Why don't you leave? no way?'

transcended gravity.

A person who escapes from the bosom of the earth, the mother of all living things, and flies towards the ideal.

As I thought about it, a shudder ran down my spine.

'Cut it!'

As the will of divine transcendence applied a denai to the law, the sky behind Lian's back split in two and rushed in.

"Big!"

Kido, who hastily stopped spinning, pushed his body with all his might, and the Daejikdo fell like lightning in his place.

Aaaaaang!

The ground cracked with a tremendous roar, and Lian jumped out through the thick dust.

"for a moment! stop!"

Kido shouted, but Lian's will, who had already made up his mind, was not disturbed in the slightest.

"Shirone!"

After shouting that, Kido looked at Daejikdo and closed his eyes.

"... ... have to meet... ... ."

Realizing that he was alive by the fact that his tongue was still moving, he opened his eyes softly, and the blade stopped right in front of his nose.

'I'm glad I'm alive, but this stopped?'

Denying the inertia of the enormous power, Lian's forearm made a twisting sound.

"What is Shirone?"

It was the only keyword that could stop Lian, and Kido sat down on the ground, relieved that his idea was right.

"Whoa, this must have been Macha's ability. I didn't even have a schema, so I was easy on myself, but I was a complete monster, right?"

The tip of the great sword pressed against Kido's stomach.

"Let's just listen until the next statement."

"Shirone needs me."

The words came out without a chance to catch my breath.

"And I need Shirone too."

"... ... What nonsense are you talking about?"

"Because Shirone is looking for Ra Enemy. So do i. That's why the speed killer also quit and is here."

Come to think of it, Kido was alone.

"You want me to believe that? You must also belong to the spectrum. Weren't you following La Enemy?"

"The situation is complicated."

Kido shook his head and said.

"I think he is not real. He exists only as an incident. Of course he's been to me too. He said he's the king of the goblins, he'll go further and make you the king of the humans. But he refused."

"why? Isn't that what you guys want?"

"I knew he killed my sister."

Ryan frowned.

"I don't know what you are talking about. Until just now, you said that La Enemy only existed as an incident, but now you killed your sister?"

"eat."

Kido pointed at his throat with a long finger.

"After my sister died, I ate her body."

It was nothing special in goblin society.

"Eating a creature brings back memories of that creature. Not all, but certain memories. I call it 'the taste of memory'."

Lian slowly reaped the great straight sword.

"At first, I thought goblins were like that. So she lived without much thought. People ate and ate this and that. Then she found out He likes to read, and I'm the only goblin who plays music with his whistle."

Kido got up from his seat.

"When I ate my sister, the existence that remained most strongly in her memory was Ra Enemy. I don't know how, but I think she died of shock in a terrible despair. The reason I killed my sister was probably to draw out my anger. But as you can see... ... ."

Kido spread his arms and shrugged his shoulders.

"I'm not your average goblin."

"therefore? Are you going to take revenge?"

"I wanted to do that if possible. But anyway, that would also be the feelings of some creature I ate. Because goblins don't take revenge. Then I found out about you and Shirone."

It was through Wig's flesh.

"And by eating your flesh again, I learned about the relationship between Shirone and La Enemie. According to that memory, the senses of hearing, touch, and smell are currently gathered in Radum. And if I am a being of taste... ... ."

probably sure

"La Enemy is designing something. Conflicting variables to induce a specific pattern of events. If so, it can be said that our gathering was inevitable. Of the five senses, I don't know about sight, but I think it will appear when the time is right."

"Hmm, so the variables collide... ... ."

'I didn't understand.'

Kido put an end to the explanation and got to the point.

"Anyway, we have two choices. Do you live as La Enemy designed, or reject it?"

To Kido who realized incarnation, regaining free will was an issue as important as life itself.

"To choose the latter, we first need to know what Ra Enemy needs to design. I can."

Kido pointed at his sharp teeth.

"If I materialize Ra energy through the five senses, I eat it. Steal the plans for La Enemy through the taste of memory."

'It's a good thing for Shirone.'

Before making a decision, Lian looked back at Wig's corpse with a pitiful look.

'Wig of the gale.'

As a prosecutor who made his name known around the same time, he felt a sense of identity, but there was no room for personal feelings to intervene in what Shirone was doing.

'sorry.'

It's not childish enough to question who did the wrong thing first in a battle.

However, as the same mercenary, he had to engrave the guilt in his heart for not being able to take revenge.

'See you in hell.'

A knight's sword can only be used for the purpose of the master, said Lian, who had made the decision, looking back at Kido.

"Follow. I'll take you to Shirone."

=======================================
[680] Occurrence of the five senses (4)





* * *



Chagall had only one dagger left, but the attacks on Etella were simultaneous.

Dozens of sheaths appeared on Etela's limbs, which were taking a defensive posture while protecting her main organs.

His superhumanly trained muscles did not tolerate even a single drop of blood loss, but even that was now reaching its limit.

Chagall annoyedly kicked as the schema's function rapidly declined and consciousness faded away.

Instead of a sharp attack that pierced the flesh, when the whole torso was pushed away, Etella fell backwards.

"Why?"

Chagall, who is said to be cruel, is ranked among the hundredth in the world, but he is not an innate psychopath, so his stomach swells.

"Why aren't you fighting back?"

The Blade of Grass Circus has never existed in the world.

The reason why I couldn't say no even though I was denied the obvious memories I felt with my five senses was because the idea that it could possibly be the case was at the bottom of my unconscious.

'Only the smell is clear.'

He has a superhuman sense of smell that humans do not have, but the nostalgia of the incident does not convey visual information.

There are only memories that he remembers vividly, but if you look deeply into it, even Tia's face doesn't come to mind.

"Archbishop Raphael did not kill you."

Waking up from his thoughts, Chagall glared at the fallen Etella.

"If it is Master's will, I will follow it."

"testament? Won't you kill me?"

Chagall strode forward and pointed the dagger at Etella's throat.

"If you say it that way, does your master's honor increase in the slightest? i killed it Why would he keep me alive, the greatest killer in the world?"

Ethella recalled the teachings of Archbishop Raphael.

"Having the power to defeat evil does not make it good. Aren't you the same?"

Because her limbs were weak, Ethella only turned her head and met Chagall's eyes.

"sacrifice. The courage to burn yourself up for good and embrace the devil. Master said that is the true value of Zen."

"Fuck the bullshit."

There was a time when I lived with forgiveness.

Because I believed that someone else would have forgiven me too.

But it is always the evil who does the wrong.

Eliminating all possibility of evil was the only way to purify the world.

"Can you tell me what words Master left right before he passed away?"

"I don't remember."

Chagall shook his head as if his throat was stiff.

"does not matter. I realized the moment I saw you."

"what? What do you know about me?"

It occurred to me that I must kill this woman as soon as possible.

"If you kill all the evil in the world, will the world of good come?"

Chagall pressed the dagger down Ethella's throat and exhaled a heavy breath.

"The battle between good and evil is not that simple. Peace comes only when all evil turns to good. Master wanted to convey that huge long-cherished wish."

Chagall's voice leaked out as if squeezed out.

"no. what do you know... ... ."

If one day all humans suddenly turn to good hearts, like magic, the suffering in the world will disappear.

obviously possible.

It is also so easy, why does humanity consider it unattainable and even impossible?

"What kind of pain I've been through, I'm not like you!"

Chagall, who grabbed Etella's neck, held the dagger in reverse and slashed it down at the forehead.



- Forgive me.



The blade stopped right in front of Etella's eyes.

'Captain.'

Why did Raiden say that right before he died?

'What? What do you mean forgive me?'

Chagall raised his arm again.

"Aaaaaaa!"



- You must forgive! Chagall!



"Fuck! Fuck you!"

As if someone had grabbed his wrist, his arm wouldn't go down, and Chagall cried out in tears.

'Why did you kill him? Why!'

Had Raiden figured out that everything was fake?

Is that why the disciple cruelly erased Tia, whom he loved so much, from the world?

'It's already too late! There is no turning back now!'

He lied to Ethella, but he hadn't forgotten it for a moment since he killed Raphael.



-The way back is behind you.



"What are you saying to me!"

Since losing all of his loved ones, he has killed countless humans.

Since anyone can choose evil, all possibilities, regardless of good or evil, have been destroyed.

"But fake? Tia didn't exist? All my life was an illusion?"

That alone was unacceptable.

"no! Tia is real! My life is real too! I'm a killer! It is the evil of evil!"

Chagall, throwing the dagger, climbed on top of Ethella and shook her shoulder.

"It's Tia! tell the truth! You are Tia!"

If the word came out of her mouth, I felt like I would be able to laugh even if I fell into hell right now.

"Nope. I don't know you."

"shut up! You are Tia!"

Chagall kissed Ethella as he did Tia.

'Yes, Tia is right.'

The familiar smell of saliva, sweat, and flesh.

"Damn it! Why can't I remember!"

There was only the smell.

'La Enemy.'

Accepting Chagall's kiss defenselessly, Etella recalled the terrifying will of Ra.

'I don't know why they're doing this, but it won't work the way you think.'

"Tia! Tia!"

Nemesis was put in Etela's hand, and her imagination became a reality.

"tea... ... ."

Chagall with a surprised expression lifted his upper body and looked around.



- Chagall! Clean quickly! The show starts in two hours!

-Hey, your trapeze skills have improved a lot.



The events at the Leaf of Grass Circus were passing quickly.



- Chagall, you are the ace from now on.



None of the members, Tia, and the audience, who were as precious as family, took on a human form, and all were swaying in black smoke.

"Uh uh uh... ... ."

Chagall's mouth opened slowly and his eyes rolled upward.

"Master was like a father to me."

Awakened by Etella's voice, Chagall looked down at her.

Tears flowed from the eyes behind the glasses.

"I think I will die of hating you. But... ... I will love you to the extent of the hate I feel."

The moment it is consumed by anger, good is defeated by evil.

"So come back. Come back and put everything back."

The dazed Chagall staggered to his feet.

'Come back?'

I am not afraid to die.

Just as Ethella can endure any pain for good, Chagall was also the one who put everything down at the extreme of evil.

'I can't do that.'

There was something that must be done before paying the price.

'Kill it.'

He will bring out La Enemy, who thoroughly played with his life, and stab him in front of his eyes.

'Poke, poke, poke, poke, poke!'

His anger amplified just by imagining it, and his hands trembled.

'kill! kill! I will kill you!'

"Teacher Ethella!"

Shirone fires a photon cannon continuously.

It was so powerful that the wall collapsed, but Chagall had already thrown himself over the building.

Shirone's eyes tightened as he checked Etella.

"you! What did you do to the teacher... ... !"

Ethella stood up and said.

"It's okay, Shirone."

"Teacher!"

"Leave it alone. I have an idea."

Chagall, who had heard that far, turned his head slightly from the railing.

"... ... What is your name?"

"This is Romi Ethella."

"Ethella."

Tia did not exist in this world.

"Don't wait. I am not going back."

As soon as he finished speaking, Chagall's figure disappeared.

Shirone, who was glaring fiercely at the rooftop, relaxed her expression again and ran to Etella.

"Teacher, are you okay?"

She is holding on with her schema ability, but the wounds are too deep to recover right away.

'Teacher Etella was beaten like this... ... .'

Then I saw that everyone was dead.

Goblin, Pidu, and Tubo, as well as his own mercenaries.

'This many numbers alone?'

As Etella sat down against the wall of the building, Shirone, who had escaped from her thoughts, asked.

"Sir, why did you just send it?"

"He is unforgivable. There will be many more killings in the future."

"Then even more... ... ."

"Shirone-kun must have noticed by now."

Shirone shut his mouth.

"Everything that has happened so far is no coincidence. It is the design of someone staying outside of causality."

"La Enemy."

Ethella nodded.

"Master already knew. Humanity is already the puppet of La Enemy, and it is impossible to distinguish how much is real and what is fake. Three of the five senses have already gathered in Radum. In the case of Mayray, he is a person capable of manipulating events on a cosmic scale."

Was it really a coincidence that Mayray woke up from a dream during an oracle?

The human makes the puppet dance, but the puppet will think of itself as dancing.

"Honestly, I don't even know. Was it my pure will to send Chagall or was it part of La Enemy's design? If he took revenge on Chagall, would it be an incident that deviated from La Enemy's design?"

In the end, nothing can be known.

"La Enemy has a completely different strength from the enemies I have fought so far. If he wanted to kill Shirone-kun, it would have been too easy."

"Perhaps."

would have died

Whether Miro killed, Gaold killed, or the whole world stepped in and killed Shirone, it was La Enemie who had the ability to create such an event.

"I don't know the intention, this is my honest judgment. That's why Master wouldn't have killed Chagall either. I decided to die to see exactly what La Enemy was after."

It was a judgment worthy of a person who has reached the extreme of indifference.

"I also intend to follow Master's will. No matter what choice you make, if you can't break free from Ra's snare, you can only watch and wait for your chance. When all five senses, the sum of all human beings, come together, there will definitely be opportunities."

"Can we win?"

Can humanity escape from the bondage of Ra Enemy?

"It is not a matter of choice. We need a compass. A person who can judge and act based on absolute standards, regardless of emotions, beliefs, events or variables."

That's Kar.

"It will be a tough fight. But it is not without hope."

Ethella looked back at Shirone.

"Go to the living room. Even if it's under his design, all we can do is meet La Enemy."

Shirone looked back at the flower.

Looking back on why La Enemy didn't kill those who stood out for their particular senses, in the end, those who would come would come and those who would die would die.

'I can't tolerate it.'

Humans are not puppets.

"I'll be back, sir."

Even though she was injured, Etela would be able to protect her body.

"It must never be broken."

Smiling, Shirone paid a moment of silence for the dead mercenaries and flew up into the sky.

When Shirone disappeared, Etella's expression turned to sadness again.

'Master, I'm sorry.'

I said I hated it and threw it away.

I was afraid because it was sincerity that broke my will, and I didn't have the confidence to fight the huge evil that would come in the future.

'You shouldn't have gone like that. It's too much of a burden for me. Can I?'

Can I sincerely forgive Chagall?

Raindrops began to fall on Etella's face as she looked up at the gray sky.

=======================================
[681] Heonhwa (1)





The three ministers, who are in charge of the ball, water and justice of the spectrum, gathered at a round table.

After giving the order to hit the capital by maximizing the output of the flower, La Enemy had not appeared in my memory, but it was irrelevant now.

said Defense Minister Flallino, who manages the main system of the flower.

"I have 13 percent left to full power. In the next 24 minutes, Basuka's royal castle will disappear from Tormia."

Laika, the Minister of Home Affairs, looked at her with the cool eyes of a vampire.

"Awesome. It's a key piece of code that hasn't been hacked in decades."

The fresh flower is basically a defense-type ancient weapon, but if you increase its output to the maximum, it can hit even the royal castle.

However, the reason why it has not been performed so far is that the kingdom put a password on it in the early stages of the growth of the flower.

"La Enemy. Are you saying it was real?"

It was Flallino who hacked the core code, but she also succeeded based on the memories of La Enemy.

It was the point at which it was proven that he, who had no substance and existed only as a memory, had the ability to destroy the world.

"It doesn't matter. The point is that sub-races dominate the human kingdom."

Battle Minister Drakker raised his spirits and said.

When the speculation unique to the dragon horse was released, the same ministers, Laika and Flallino, were breathless.

"Shouldn't we be moving soon? A few humans have already infiltrated the living flower. Let's finish it before it gets complicated."

Laika asked Flallino.

"Who came in?"

"The head of the Magic Association and the chief of staff. The pact is broken, but if we can't stop those two, everything is for nothing. La Enemy isn't showing up. It must be our problem."

"Something human."

Laika's body began to dissolve in black smoke.

"I'll finish it soon and come back."

When he completely disappeared, Draker also stood up, using his hands on the table.

"I will take care of the outside."

"Can I help you?"

When Draker raised the corners of his mouth, his reptilian scales twitched.

"Take good care of the flowers."

It was an ambiguous expression because she is also a flower, as well as protecting real flowers.

Although she has reached the point of suppressing her reaction to the emotions of others, her unique sensibility has not disappeared.

The Hua people give their all for someone who loves them.

It wasn't a bad feeling because he was born that way, but the possessiveness of humans was unmatched when compared to other creatures.

'Protect the flowers.'

Flarino took a deep breath and made up his mind.

'Protect the flowers.'



* * *



'Can I make it on time?'

Having infiltrated the living flower, Jane quickly ran towards the main system.

With all power to the cloaking facility gone, she also realized that Spectrum was preparing to intercept the capital.

'I have to do it.'

The problem was that Arya's condition, which was linked to the Spirit Zone, was gradually deteriorating.

If she loses consciousness, reading the core code itself may not be possible.

'Was it the right choice?'

If Lufist had been here, he would have even kicked the cheek.

'The president of the association.'

It has already been over 10 years since I worked with Lufist.

When he entered politics as a wizard, she got a job as an aide through an interview.

Being a wizard also played a major role in passing, but it wasn't a smooth relationship from the start.



"There is an evaluation that it is too extreme in civil society. In particular, high-ranking aristocrats are protesting against imposing excessive taxes for the purpose of increasing defense spending."

"Go ahead. It is necessary."

Rufist was a no-nonsense personality, and Jane was full of passion.

"So I wrote a revision agenda. First of all, set the rising tax rate to around 1.3 percent and target the nobles to whom the progressive tax rate is applied... ... ."

"You're a very talkative girl."

Jane's hand as she was flipping through the papers stopped, and she asked with a hard expression.

"Yes? What did you say just now?"

Lufist raised his arms on the table, glared at Jane, and said clearly.

"Dirty, talkative, girl."

It was so absurd that she stood in a daze and listened with her eyes lit.

"jane? Did you call me a girl just now?"

"yes. what is that?"

"This is a clear derogatory remark about women! I'm going to file a complaint with the State Administration! Also, if you don't apologize politely here and now, we will announce it to the media! How can a politician with gender discrimination tend to run state affairs... ... !"

"sun."

Rufist stopped talking.

"sun. do whatever you want But you know what? You are fired as of this time."

The blood drained from Jane's face.

"This, such an unfair treatment... ... ."

"I hate working with you. so get out Turn it off."

Tears glistened in Jane's eyes as she snorted vigorously.

Rufist squinted one eye as she threw the folder on the floor and closed the door hard enough to deafen her ears.

"What do you have?"

That evening, after finishing his work, Lufist donned a coat and left the castle.

'I'll have to pick up a new aide tomorrow.'

With no one to do chores, I was more tired than usual.

"what?"

Jane was waiting outside the gate of the royal castle.

It was a look that made me want to open up, and as soon as I saw Rufist, I strode over and spit it out.

"Hey!"

"Hey?"

"So that! You don't even care about me anymore, so what's up? why? Are you feeling bad?"

"Have you been drinking?"

"No, I'm going to drink it from now on! Even if you quit, let's talk. I can't sleep because I'm worried about this country until you fix your rotten state of mind."

"Then don't sleep. Don't you have anything to do anyway?"

Rufist tried to pass by, but she moved aside and blocked the path.

"Where are you going? Shouldn't I apologize properly?"

"I didn't do anything to apologize."

"Oh yeah?"

cried Jane, looking around dejectedly.

"Everyone look here! This politician today... ... !"

"Crazy? What are you doing?"

Lufist grabbed her by the shoulder.

"huh! Isn't it scary what people know?"

"It's not scary, it's embarrassing."

"Then it's embarrassing. Don't you have anything to do anyway?"

There was no bullshit like this.

"okay. go. Let's go."

"It will be soon."

She shook her shoulders as if telling her not to mess around, and when she led the way to the bar, Lufist followed, gritting her teeth.

Two hours after that, Jane, who had become drunk, repeated the same words several times with her eyes wide open.

"You can't live your real life like that. And then there is not one friend left. Do you see what I mean?"

Rufist checked the time.

"late. Stop going back."

Jane's upper body turned round and round as if she felt herself spinning.

"If you go, do I have to go? uh? Are you cool?"

Jane tapped Lufist's temple with her index finger.

"you... ... ."

Putting her index finger on her temple again, Jane pushed with all her might.

"great?"

Lufist turned his head and bit his teeth as he glared at Jane.

"Stop drinking. You're a spirit-type mage."

"Nope? am i going to take Do you hate the girl because she drinks?"

"You said you were sorry. A few times too."

"Is it okay if I say I'm sorry? What about the scars in my heart?"

Jane hit her chest in frustration.

"You can't live like that. Then... ... ."

It felt like God had drawn a dodol-i table on the musical score of time.

"Come back to work tomorrow."

Jane burst out laughing.

"In that way... ... ."

"Don't call me a girl, don't discriminate against women, and I'll review the agenda you suggested, so go to work tomorrow."

There was some truth to her suggestion.

After taking a picture with her head on the table, she turned to Lufist.

The sarcastic feeling disappeared at the corner of his mouth when he smiled.

"I can't say it with my own mouth, but you really picked a good subordinate. How far will you go? Minister of Defense? Head of the Magic Association? Yes, the president of the Magic Association would be nice. I'll make you the president of the Magic Association. No matter what I do, I will make you the president of the Magic Association."

"Let's get up."

Lufist, who helped Jane, asked the staff for a room.

Even when she lifted herself up and went up to the third floor, Jane was unconscious.

"Mmm, I will make it."

Returning to the room, Lufist laid Jane on the bed as if she was collapsing, and she hugged her neck.

"Where? I can't go."

"Drunk. stop sleeping Or come to your senses."

If it was a spirit-type wizard, it would have been clean with a single switch.

"Hehe, don't you like it? Can't you just work and live?"

"You will regret it tomorrow."

Jane smiled bitterly.

"You won't regret anything?"

"... ... ."

The next morning, Jane, completely sober, jumped out of bed.

'this!'

Looking around, I saw Lufist, who had washed himself before I knew it, putting on his coat.

My memory is genius, so the things that happened yesterday flashed through my mind clearly.

'I must be crazy, I must be crazy, I must be crazy!'

Jane patted her cheek with both hands.

Spending the night with your boss

When I thought about how awkward it would be while working in the future, regret flooded in.

Rufist, pocket watch in his pocket, said as he walked to the door.

"Go out first. Go to work in 30 minutes."

"there... ... !"

Rufist stopped in front of the door.

"So, you know what? This is a mistake, no accident. This will never happen in the future."

"Know. It's over for you and me."

Rufist said as he closed the door and left.

"Be careful not to cause a scandal."

Jane, who had been staring blankly at her disheveled, copied Rufist's tone with a hateful expression on her face.

"Be careful not to cause a scandal."

Then he raised his middle finger toward the door.

"Anyway, it's cold."

Pulling back the blanket and coming out naked, she stood in front of the window and stretched out.

"Let's see, today's schedule... ... ."

Like the newly rising sun of the day, it felt like going to work for the first time.



'There were times like that.'

Recalling memories from long ago, Jane raised the corners of her mouth.

Because they were so thorough, they never crossed the line again during the 10+ years of work.

As politicians and aides, they were faithful to their respective activities and had passed through time as fast as an arrow to reach this point, but when Rufist's planting went against Jane, Jane would sometimes think of the day's events.

'I thought there was no human being more perfect than us. Looking back, I was very young, president of the association.'

As my mind calmed down, my mind became clear.

'Yes, I just have to do what I can.'

What would you not regret?

As I continued downstairs, a strange aura rose from the end of the aisle.

"what?"

The black darkness lingered ominously and gradually took shape and began to regain its color.

'vampire.'

"I commend you for coming this far."

Pure-blooded vampire Laika approached with her hands behind her back.

"Humans are so underestimated. It seems that my senses have dulled a lot too."

Every time Laika moved, an eerie energy rushed in like a wall, but Jane's mission did not allow retreat.

"It is the order of His Majesty the King. As of today, the kingdom of Tormia has the right to control natural flowers. Surrender obediently and follow the king's command."

Jane, who had returned as a cold-hearted wizard, threatened Laika by moving her tentacle-type spirit zone.

"Hey, you raised it until now, so you're going to take it now?"

"Did you know anyway? You should be grateful for the fact that you have let it be installed until now."

"I don't like that kind of thing about humans."

Laika's lower body turned black and turned into hundreds of bats that flew towards Jane.

"To think that you are a great being."

=======================================
[682] Heonhwa (2)





* * *



The inside of a living flower that grows naturally by absorbing photons is partitioned with a thick iron film just like the cells of a real plant.

This is because the material called mineral itself mimics the genetic mechanism of living things, and as growth progresses, cells grow larger or differentiate.

In addition, it can be said that it is a machine that far transcends human engineering knowledge in that it creates complex and precise devices on its own, just as human cells divide repeatedly to form the heart, liver, nerves, and bones.

Therefore, it was not surprising that when Lufist arrived in front of the control room, the door opened by itself.

Inside the 40-pyeong hexagonal space, countless wires, display devices, and an arithmetic device enabling highly precise interception were busily operating.

Rufist ignored the 10 black spirits guarding Flallino and moved on.

"It's been a while, Flallino."

We met 10 years ago at the negotiating table prepared through the secret channels of the Tormia Castle.

"Yes, Lufist."

Flallino's expression was cold.

"Things aren't going the way you want them to. I hoped you wouldn't become the president of the Magic Association."

Rufist, who can be said to be the representative far-right in the kingdom, became the center of power in the kingdom, which was like a disaster for Radum's subspecies.

"It's worldly. That word is absurd. Because some people fail, can't some people succeed?"

It is no coincidence that Mikea Gaold, who is classified as a key figure on the left, rose to the chair of the association despite concerns from politicians.

At the time, he was focusing on the Heaven Project, and the domestic terrorism issue based on Radum was only a side note.

"So you're saying you're going to pick flowers anyway?"

The thought of handing over all the fresh flowers he had grown for decades to the kingdom made Flallino sick to his stomach.

"no. How much is this and can you break it easily?"

Lufist opened the spirit zone and raised the steel batteries.

"We have to pull out the roots."

"Protect the minister!"

The black spirit unit, made up of women, spread out to the shadowy place.

Black young people's gray skin becomes transparent in the dark, so they are excellent for guarding key figures.

In addition, the feature that women's physical abilities are not inferior to men's was also suitable for protecting the psychology of the Hwajok.

'The art of darkness.'

The shadow expanded like water and filled the room.

The light disappeared due to the power to swallow Shining magic, and several black spirits approached Lufist in complete darkness.

'The best security is to remove risk factors.'

Literally assassination.

Their movements, which boasted equalization that perfectly assimilated into the darkness, were difficult to capture even with Spirit Zone's synesthesia.

'Killed!'

The four swords cut through Rufist's body without a sound.

'Doesn't it catch anything?'

The feeling in my fingertips disappeared, and my nervous system went out of control, as if a block had been separated.

"Aren't you stupid?"

The corpses of the black spirits, which had been separated into dozens of pieces, were scattered on the floor.

"What are you going to do if you attack Carl?"

Iron is an object to be avoided, not an object of attack.

'That child... ... !'

The black spirits hiding in the shadows shed tears of blood at the death of their own people, but they never showed signs of it.

Although technically excellent, their patience was not superhuman.

"I will kill you!"

Just when the rest of the Dark Spirits were ready to fight to the death, Flallino raised his hand and shouted.

"Stop it!"

"Minister! But... ... !"

"Rufist is not an easy opponent. Leave it to me."

Although he showed a strong appearance, he could not guarantee how long he would last against the steel wizard who had no blood or tears.

"Hand over the control of the flower."

"I make an offer. Please prepare a place for Radum's sub-species to live. Then I will give up the interception."

"no."

To build a separate facility for sub-species in the kingdom of Tormia, the damage was not insignificant.

'Jane will do it.'

Rufist trusted Jane's abilities.

"Are you willing to spill blood when there is a peaceful way to solve it?"

"peace?"

When Luffist opened his palm, the sharp metal like a blade rotated like a storm.

"Do you think you guys are human?"

As he swung his arm, a layer of gray metal opened like mercury and aimed at Flallino's neck.

"Minister!"

The black spirit hugged her and collapsed on the floor, and fragments split in the air spread like explosions and penetrated into the darkness.

Following the screams, the corpses of the remaining black spirits appeared out of the shadows.

"How are we different from you!"

Florino, who fell to the floor, cried out in a miserable voice.

"We too have feelings, culture, and history! A being that can love, rejoice, and share sorrow! But why are you trying to ostracize us!"

"First, you guys don't pay taxes."

Rufist took another step.

"Second, you guys don't give birth to humans. It means that you are not legally subject to issuance of a national registration certificate. Incorporating them into slave labor or warehousing would have a one-off effect, but from a long-term perspective, supporting you would eventually become a burden to the kingdom. It is a waste of money on a different level than having a pet dog or raising livestock."

Flallino wept.

"Finally the third."

Lufist looked down at her with cold eyes.

"We, the proud people of Tormia, who pay taxes, produce children, and provide labor, hate you. So just disappear from the world. Humans are comfortable when you are gone."

Flarino's shoulders trembled.

"How can you be so cruel? For that reason only... ... Is it okay to kill a life?"

"Is that the only reason?"

Rufist kicked Flallino in the jaw.

"Minister!"

The only remaining black spirit hurriedly helped her.

The moment he saw Flallino's eyes tremble with shock, the black young man gave up on Lufist.

'It's a big deal. The need for passivity is manifesting.'

Fire tribes are strong, but only a small part of them are born with aggression, like carnivorous plants.

Even Flarinora, who had been able to reject the desires of others through training, was nothing more than a flower before the authority of the head of the Magic Association.

When Rufist headed to the display of the energy output device and pressed the cancel button, a window asking for a code popped up.

After licking his lips, Lufist approached Flallino again and created a storm of blades.

"I'll cut off the limbs first."

"Yeah man!"

The face of the last remaining black spirit who jumped off the ground was shattered by a storm of blades and fell to the side.

"Give me the code if you want to die comfortably. Torture isn't my major, but I bet you won't last a minute."

I was afraid to the point of flying away.

"You know how many fire tribes were sacrificed."

The scent of fire tribes filled the room.

"We are owned by humans, sold when we get tired of it, used again by new humans, and then withered away from stress. It's not human to have pity even for street dogs! But why don't you extend a hand of salvation to us!"

"What do you know, what about you guys?"

Flarino closed his mouth with a sad expression.

"Do you think humans don't have a history of parents having to watch boiling water poured down their children's throats? We didn't get it for nothing. People are always dissatisfied. Equality is far away, and not everyone can be happy. However, countless human sacrifices were required to build such a crude system. It is a system created by humans, only for human happiness. But things that didn't help at all suddenly appear and ask me to put them in?"

Rather, Flallino's heart became cold again at Lupist's attitude that does not tolerate emotions.

"You'll regret it. We will see what your selfishness will lead to."

The incarnation of a flower rose from Flallino.

When the lineage of the Violet Tiara, reputed to be the most beautiful among the flower family, was revealed, the room felt bright.

'I should probably capture him alive.'

Jane would take care of it anyway, but it was better to keep Flallino alive, at least for the sake of Man's sake.

'Because it's a waste to destroy fresh flowers.'

If the steering system is broken, the money spent on repairs was astronomical.

"Watch smart."

The incarnation of Flallino was released into a powder of light, and it emitted an intense light like a neuron.

"The anger of a flower trampled by humans!"



Incarnation Art - Small World Creation.



* * *



"Mr. Jane!"

Arya, suffering from severe infection, jumped up and down.

Through mental resonance, her current condition was conveyed to the brain connected to Jane as if experiencing it firsthand.

"what's going on?"

"I am a vampire! strong!"

Kuan's expression became serious.

There was only one pure-blooded vampire, Laika, in the leadership of the spectrum, to the extent of driving a person as talented as Jane.

"Kuan-san, please go! Mr. Jane is not showing his true ability."

It was hard to beat Leica while resonating with a sick person.

"It's not possible. My job is to protect you."

If Arya is attacked while entering the flower, the code disappears.

As long as the blow to the capital was self-evident, even if Jane died, Arya had to be protected.

"But! Mr. Jane... ... ."

I felt guilty because I gave up the easy way and chose the difficult way to save Arya.

"When Jane dies, then I will take you to the real flower."

Quan sighed coldly, looking back at the fresh flower and biting his teeth.

'Please be safe... ... .'



* * *



Black smoke rushed through the hallway and turned into a human figure right in front of Jane's eyes.

Before it even took shape, Laika's palm struck Jane's pit, and a huge wave of shockwaves pierced her body.

"Gagging!"

My body didn't move a single step, but I felt as if my life had flown to space.

She fell to her knees with a thump, staggered as if she was going to fall forward, and then fell backwards and shot the back of her head.

"Uselessly persistent."

Looking down at the dead Jane with her eyes open, Laika clicked her tongue.

Around them, the corpses of their servant vampires were dissolving into black smoke.

They are not purebloods, but they have powerful souls in their own way.

The worst feeling was that I couldn't disparage Jane's ability to wield 7 such vampires through mind control.

"Anyway, it's over."

As Laika fluttered his cloak and turned around, his figure vanished in an instant.



-... ... Seed!

Arya's voice penetrated Jane's brain as she died.

- Mr. Jane! Mr. Jane!

'mission.'

The feeble light of life began to dwell in the dead pupil.

His heart stopped beating, but he still had about 20 seconds to reach brain death.

'The president of the association.'

A belated flash passed by, and Jane slowly raised her hand.

'For the country and the people... ... .'

It was amazing to concentrate with a dying brain, but it was nothing compared to the most difficult stage of self-harm for a wizard.

Gathering wind magic into her fingertips, she pierced her stomach and grabbed her heart.

'I can't die yet!'

When he cast mental transcendence, a type of mental magic, the muscular strength that went beyond the limits of his body acted and his heart contracted.

"Ugh!"

As blood circulated, bodily functions gradually returned, but the contractile force of the heart was not at a level that could be maintained with the strength of a woman's grip.

'I have to regain control of the flower.'

Feeling the muscles in her wrists burst, Jane stepped on the hallway wall.

=======================================
[683] Heonhwa (3)





* * *



'The rain is getting stronger.'

Shirone, who spread his wings, ran at full speed toward the flower.

Their formidable anti-aircraft defenses were disabled as all devices in the cloaking facility were disabled.

But that fact made me feel threatened.

'Is something strange?'

The state of life felt by the Ultima system was the night before the storm.

It seems to be standing still, but inside the huge iron tower seen through Jikji's eyes, numerous energies wander around like nerves, forming the shape of a real flower.

'Full power operation. They're plotting something.'

If you follow the mechanism of the input and output of life, it is obvious that a powerful energy beam is waiting.

'Could it be the capital city?'

It was fully possible, and this was the reason why Lufist tried to get as close to real life as possible, even at the cost of sacrifice.

"Brother Shirone."

Mayray, who caught up with Shirone by teleportation, flew alongside with her wet body.

"You were safe. thank god."

Thinking that she had gotten to know her face to some extent, when Shirone spoke comfortably, Mayley smiled shyly as well.

First of all, she is also a wizard, but her skills are not outstanding enough to be classified as a combat agent.

Shirone thought that if she hadn't met her friends, she might have already died.

"I was lucky. It landed in an area with no enemies."

"How is the signal?"

Mayray said, covering one ear.

"I can't hear anything. I keep checking, but there is not even a common noise. This is definitely strange."

That La Enemy is no longer issuing orders.

'Is the design already finished? or not... ... .'

Just as Shirone was lost in his thoughts, two people jumped over the building and approached.

"Lian. what?"

My eyes went to the goblin that was following me.

'This is the first goblin wearing glasses?'

When Shirone and Mayray stopped, Kido landed on the roof doing a somersault with a nimble motion.

"Whoa, finally we meet."

Kido, who bent his legs in front of Shirone while holding all kinds of forms, pressed his glasses down and smiled.

"Hey, but who are you?"

Just the fact that he came with Lian made him believe that he wasn't an enemy.

"The commander of the speed killers."

Kido, who said it in a playful way, shyly continued when Shirone didn't respond.

"... ... The goblin that was, Kido."

"What happened?"

When Shirone turned her head, Lian came over and explained.

As he had already guessed Enemy's intentions through his conversation with Ethella, his understanding was quick.

"I see. Corresponding to the sense of taste... ... ."

"That's how it is. Is this blue?"

When Kido pointed with his sharp fingernails, Mayley nodded.

"Hmm, this brings together Chok, Cheong, and Mi. But in order to track down Ra, we definitely need Hu."

"Chagall must have already entered the real life. We don't have time either."

Shirone was about to turn around, but Kido held out his hand.

"for a moment. Before that, I want to make a suggestion."

Everyone turned to Kido.

"What suggestions?"

"Can I eat you guys if it's okay?"

If information can be obtained by eating, it would be good to know the memories of Shirone and Mayray.

"I don't care."

Shirone looked at Mayray.

As long as she ate flesh, Armand would treat Shirone, but she had no means to recover.

Mayray said while touching her right ear.

"Wouldn't it be nice to cut off your ears? Other body parts will result in loss of fighting power. If you don't have ears, the function of God's frequency will be strengthened."

Kido opened his mouth in a daze, but Shirone strongly opposed it.

It was an issue that had already been discussed at the time of the test at the Silverling Guild.

"It is a last resort. If you can't catch La Enemy with one sense, the function of communication is also important."

Kido laughed and said.

"No need to worry. Even if it's not a body part, bodily fluids are enough. Also, there is a limit to information that can be transferred wherever you eat, unless it is a memory imprinted in a specific organ."

Ryan said with a slightly unfair expression.

"You don't need to eat much."

"Whoops, that's the strength of my ability."

Goblins are a gluttonous race, but the objective amount they can eat is less than that of humans.

"Okay, then I'll give you my blood."

Shirone cut his left palm long and the blood dripped.

Because of the difference in height, Kido could drink just by raising his head.

"Hmm. Hmmm."

Kido's eyes deepened as he rolled his tongue and savored the taste of blood.

"Right. Are you a very interesting person?"

"I don't think you're too formidable?"

"Kick-kick-kick! It's embarrassing to be surprised like this."

Kido, whose lungs were shaking, spoke to Mayray.

"Goblins don't have manners, but they don't want to hurt women. If she doesn't want to cut her flesh, you can hand over the needle."

Meirei, who was looking at Kido with an expressionless expression, held out her wrist.

"I will be tired."

A look of disappointment crossed his face for a moment, but Kido approached with a mischievous expression before he knew it.

"Then don't hesitate."

Kido, who had bitten her wrist with sharp fangs, pressed her lips together, and blood flowed from her.

As my eyelids fluttered, a certain memory came through.

'what? This?'

Few people lived a life as turbulent as Shirone's, but Mayray's memories were on a different level.

'what? What memory is this?'

"How long are you going to wash? it hurts."

"uh? Oh sorry."

Kido, who hurriedly opened his mouth, blinked and looked at Maylei.

"what's the matter?"

No information could be gleaned from her natural expression.

'Could it be that he doesn't even know himself?'

Kido, who had been thinking that far, suddenly realized.

'Right. Heck, hey, is this going to be so exciting? perhaps... ... .'

It could have been a counter to La Enemy.

"Okay, I got it. Let's start."

Taking advantage of the fact that time is running out, Kido urged them, and the party fled without muttering.

It rained like a hole in the sky.



* * *



There are 7 minutes and 32 seconds left until the fresh flower intercepts the capital.

Jane's footsteps, which calculated the time as a rule of thumb, gradually quickened.

To increase the speed, more blood was needed, and the resistance of the hand tightening the heart increased.

"Keugh! Keugh!"

The hand that gripped the heart had already lost sensation, but the mind-transcending magic was making the body move endlessly, exceeding the limit of human strength.

When looking at the human body as a machine, it was a task to replace the heart muscle with the arm muscle, but the durability could not be the same, and eventually the muscles and tendons began to break.

Because it was strict magic, not law, the physically functioning arm did not move anymore.

"Huh!"

Jane's eyes widened as her heart stopped again.

'With the other hand... ... .'

I couldn't be more grateful for the fact that I had human arms on either side.

When the hand was switched and the heart contracted again, bodily functions returned and death was delayed.

In my ears, the sound of Aria's crying was spreading like an auditory hallucination, but I didn't have time to answer.

With her own death on her back, Jane entered the control room where the main system was located.

I couldn't take my hand off my heart, so I swung my hand, which had already had its muscles broken, like a stick to activate the device.

-Aria, the code... ... .

As the crying stopped, an enormous amount of code rushed in.

Arya is also doing her best.

The remaining time is 6 minutes and 22 seconds.

You'd have to go to the cockpit to cancel the intercept itself, only to regain control, but Jane didn't have much time left.

'The president of the association will do it.'

- Mr. Jane! are you okay?

Even though it was only a voice, it was nice to be able to see someone off at the last moment.

-Aria, it's not your fault.

After a moment of silence, a calm voice permeated.

-The country will never forget your sacrifice.

After that, there was no contact.

Because I couldn't keep the spirit zone any longer.

'still... ... .'

With her back against the cold mechanism, she looked up at the ceiling.

'Because I kept my promise.'

If you think of the happiest day in your life, there is no doubt that it was the day when Lufist took the position of the head of the Magic Association.



"Jane, you are a genius."

Jane shrugged her shoulders at Rufist's words while looking out the window from the president's office.

"Yes."

"Have you ever felt superior in your life? In the sense that you are so much better than everyone else."

"Um, wait a minute when you were very young? But why?"

"I have never felt anything like superiority. People say why don't you pursue your own personal interests? While possessing powerful magical abilities and titles. But humans aren't that great. A sense of superiority is also possible because there is a target for comparison. Neither a genius nor an idiot is nothing more than a part of the system after all."

He became the president of the association after Gaold, but there were rumors in civil society that he was too extreme.

"I didn't know you cared about the opinions of others, did you?"

"I don't care. No, maybe you should care. The important thing is to face the facts."

"What is the fact that the president of the association thinks?"

"Humans are not equal."

Rufist was adamant.

"90% of human beings are responsible for production and reproduction. The remaining 10 percent of humans are consuming their resources and leading the way."

"That's a bit of a disgusting mindset."

"It is disgusting. But what if it's true?"

Rufist turned to Jane.

"Most people don't know how the world works. We take the things around us for granted, like the air. It means you don't think about why bread can be placed in front of you every morning."

"It is nothing to blame."

"right. What could be more valuable than life? All I'm saying is that some people can live because they're facing the hateful fact."

Rufist looked back at the plaque bearing the name of Miquea Gaold, the head of the Magic Association, which had not yet been replaced.

"I will change now."

Lufist shook his head and put his hand on the nameplate.

"Gaold was popular. It's to the extent that there are even royal guards. It's human and has the power to attract people's hearts. But, Jane, emotions alone cannot keep the system going. If Gaold sympathizes with human suffering at the extreme of the individual, I protect humans at the extreme of the system at the opposite point. Even if it's disgusting, I think that's the mission I have to do as a key part of the kingdom of the Magic Association President."

"... ... okay."

It was a very personal inaugural address dedicated only to Jane.

"I am grateful to you. I wouldn't have been able to come this far without you."

Jane scratched her head shyly at the compliment she hadn't given in her entire life.

"No, it's something you have to do. Besides, I became the chief secretary."

"so... ... ."

Rufist looked back with his hands behind his back bluntly and spoke briefly.

"I wish you well in the future."

Jane's eyes narrowed.



'It was the greatest honor in my life.'

Jane recalled that day like that.

I have come this far and have no big regrets in life, but I endlessly clutched my heart because I wanted to look back at the happiest memory for the last time.

However, as the muscle in his wrist ruptured, even that became impossible, so he pulled his hand out of his stomach.

As oxygen to her brain was cut off, her mind was also sucked into a deep abyss.

end of life.

Have you lived without regrets?

'Respected president of the association.'

A beautiful smile formed on her lips as she lowered her head weakly.

'Was I a key accessory?'

Jane's heart stopped.

=======================================
[684] Heonhwa (4)





* * *



Arriving at the entrance of the flower, Shirone realized that a unique signal was tracking through the Ultima system.

'what?'

It was one of the most intuitive signals I've ever encountered.

Shirone shouted at the information with a consistency close to that of the previous stage of the Ultima System.

"Harm!"



Dragon language - anti-fog.



A collision of electric charges occurred in the place where the party was scattered, and electric shocks were emitted.

"Hey!"

As the charge moved along the electrolyte in the rain, the current spread out in a spherical shape.

The wizard was able to get out of the radius by teleportation, but Lian had no choice but to be completely shocked.

"Aw! Aww!"

Kido, who had been bouncing while hitting the floor with his spear, slipped with his hands on the ground.

"Hey! You almost died!"

If the attack earlier was magic, there was no way that Shirone, who was spreading the Spirit Zone, wouldn't have known about it.

"Sorry, I didn't feel it. And it's not magic."

It is not a spirit zone.

Like Elysion, they were wary, and if it weren't for the Ultima System, they wouldn't have been able to warn of an attack before it was launched.

"Are you here, hybrids?"

Kido frowned and raised his glasses at the sight of the giant body standing in the rain.

"Combat Minister Draker. It is a dragon horse."

The fact that half of the face was covered with scales could be expected for the body as well.

The dragon's amber eyes, sharp teeth aligned precisely, and a cold body that did not fog up even in the face of winter rain reminded me of the cold-blooded dragons.

"This guy should be a little nervous."

Kido swung his spear and got ready to fight.

"That guy is the strongest in Radum."

"That is correct."

Draker expressed his displeasure.

"But talking about strength like a goblin seems to be tarnishing my nobility."

Even in the eyes of the dragon, the top predator in the food chain, Kido did not waver.

His mind, which converts the experience of eating into the whole experience, was flowing calmly like a river.

Lian put the big sword over his shoulder and stepped out.

"I will handle it."

Some are attracted by the name of the strongest, but the remaining three have a crucial role in finding La Enemy.

"Lian, that guy... ... ."

"I know."

He didn't have a sense as sensitive as Shirone's, but Draker's speculation was terrifying enough that even that didn't matter.

"I don't have the confidence to win while protecting someone."

It meant that if you didn't protect it, you could win, so Drakker growled with his arms crossed.

"If you pretend to be like that, do you think you're on the same level as me? You guys can't move a single step here ."

Ryan said without hesitation.

"good."

The three of them moved at the same time, but the dragon's eyes accurately caught Shirone, who was in the lead.

'You're inviting death.'

As he was about to kick off the ground, a terrifying energy ran down Draker's spine.

When I quickly turned my gaze, Lian, who was clearly motionless, was approaching in front of me before I knew it.



Axing-deny.



"Something like bugs!"

When Drakker raised his arm toward the thunderbolt of the great sword, there was a bang.

It was not a sound that could be heard from living things.

'hard. A clumsy attack won't even bite your teeth.'

Drakker, who blocked the force that could split an elephant with his arm, said with a sneer.

"Only this much... ... yes?"

A tremendous force surged from the Daejikdo, which was already in contact, and began to press him down.

"Big!"

Drakker, who finally felt the seriousness, pushed his whole body with strength, and the solid ground caved in, burying his legs.

'Nonsense! How in this state?'

If human power is human power, the power of a dragon horse is called dragon power.

The reason for the different names is that the unit of biologically exerted power itself is of a different dimension.

"You cheeky bastard!"

As Draker swung his arm with all his might, Lian lifted lightly and landed on the ground.

"What happened? Have you already entered?"

All of Shirone's party safely infiltrated the flower, but Draker's pride did not allow him to look back.

"I will kill you."



Dragon Stone - Dragon Stone.



Drakker, who added momentum with the power of dragon words, launched a physical attack, and Lian's legs rose.

"Keugh!"

It penetrated the building and was pushed back a whopping 1 kilometer.

bang! bang! bang! bang!

The repeated blows of wood, stone, and steel structures on his back almost knocked Lian out of consciousness.

'Stop!'

I tried to deny it, but rather, Lian's brakes were smashed.

'stop!'

Denai entered in succession.

'Stop!'

Three hundred walls were pierced, and dozens of steel frames rode on Lian's body and bent before breaking.

"I mean stop!"

By the time the building stopped in the middle of the collapsed rubble, it was already more than two kilometers away from the real flower.

"you... ... Are you really human?"

Draker, who was still facing him, looked at Lian with an expression of disbelief.

"do not know. It's been a long time since I forgot about that."

'A manpower equal to the dragon's power... ... .'

It is impossible for humans to kill dragons through physical calculations that are converted into numbers.

"Would you like to become a dragon slayer?"

After all, something more than strength.

It was no coincidence that the heroes in the legend of the dragon slayer all had firm convictions.

"Sorry, but I don't deal with fakes."

Drakker's eyes contained the dragon's anger.

"What an insignificant human being!"

When Draker slammed his sword with his foot, Lian was pushed through the wall of the building at great speed.

"I'll crush you!"

In the eyes of Draker, who entered after him, he saw Lian, who was already waiting, brandishing a straight sword vertically.

'Cut it!'

Lian's belief, Maha's will, began to divide everything from the end of the world.

'what?'

An optical illusion caused by the negation of the law.

The reason why you can't feel the flow of time in the scene of the world being split is because time and space are being pushed into the whole.

"I am a dragon horse!"



Dragon language - heaven and earth dichotomy.



As the binary numbers 0 and 1 were separated up and down like electrodes, the horizon separating the sky and the ground spread out.

Lian's vertical line squared the horizon.

Aaaaaang!

Lian's law cuts through the center, and Draker's law pulls and separates it from both sides.

none are absolute

"Aaaaaaa!"

Lian and Draker both shouted their spirits at the same time.

Whoa!

The two laws intertwined like a storm, causing the seven-story building to inflate like a balloon and burst outward.



* * *



"What are you talking about?"

Quan drew his sword and looked back to where the sound came from.

Looking at the smoke rising even in the heavy rain, I couldn't believe that it was not magic.

"Is anyone still out there? what are you doing?"

"go."

Arya said.

"My mission is over. You don't have to protect me anymore."

She was true, but she left the body behind as her body temperature had dropped to dangerous levels from the heavy rain.

'I'm guessing that rescue is impossible anyway.'

Quan's fighting power should be used for something far more constructive than taking Arya out.

"it's okay. I can hold on."

I was just saying this to reassure you, I already knew that I was waiting for death.

"I'll be right back."

Unknowingly, Quan turned around.

"aria!"

Then the sound of horses hooves stepped on the rain and Brooks came running with his men.

It was a chance to entrust Arya, but Quan, a soldier to the bone, had doubts first.

"Why did you come in? Don't you know it's a classified area?"

"Damn it! I couldn't help it either! aria! Wake!"

Brooks, who was reluctant to shoot Kuan, slapped Arya unconscious.

"Get in the wagon! go back!"

"Did you come all the way here to rescue a woman?"

The moment Brooks chose an answer, he opened the carriage door and Venezia, the head of Spectrum, got out.

"Take me to La Enemy."

Quan turned to Brooks and demanded an explanation.

"I don't know either! He saved the one who went to cardiac arrest, and that's it! I was going to lock it up, but they say you can see Ra Enemy!"

Although he wasn't deeply involved in this project, he wasn't blind enough to not know what Lufist wanted.

"Give me the Nemesis."

Quan, who stared at Venezia as she extended her hand, grabbed her sword and hugged her at the waist.

"Afterwards. For now, infiltrate the flower."

Anyway, this solved everything.

"Take Arya to the doctor. It seems infected."

Before he could hear the answer, Quan kicked off the ground and flew up, staying at the critical point of the fall for a while before rising even higher.

Brooks sighed and muttered as everyone looked blank.

"Where the hell do you get these guys from?"



* * *



The fire tribe's unique incarnation technique, Small World Creation.

Instead of acting on their own, plants create a world in which they can act in combination with many others.

There is still no subjectivity (Geumgang Armed Forces).

However, if it is assimilated into an object like a living flower, it should be said that there is a degree of decision-making right (rated control).

'The main system... ... .'

Flallino, feeling the entire organ of the living flower like a nerve, realized that Jane had succeeded.

'Does it bother us until the end?'

It wasn't once or twice that he wanted to wither away like the rest of the Hwajok while continuing his miserable life.

'I don't want to do anything. Why should I decide and act? Why won't someone take care of me?'

Venezia was a good person, but abandoned Spectrum, and the second owner, La Enemy, was not showing up.

'I just want to be loved.'

I just wanted to obey someone's words and entrust my body to warm and friendly hands.

I wanted to spread the scent of flowers all over his world.

'No one ever loved me.'

When the first Hwajok decided to advance from plants to the realm of animals and primates, did they really imagine it?

How decadent is the sensory organ of the body.

'You guys are bad.'

It may have been the innocence of the Hwajok in the first place that they expected that they would take care of them gently like a butterfly.

'Hit, harass, make them scream.'

The Hwajok is an embryologically failed race.

But even Lufist couldn't belittle their incarnations that made them rapidly evolve.

After confirming that heavy rain was pouring outside through the Spirit Zone, he approached revealing his intention to kill.

"Give me the code. The sky must be resentful."

While the clouds were blocking the sun, the photon collection of the flower had to be delayed.

Flallino took a deep breath and collected himself.

'I have to fight.'

Fighting dynamically is against the nature of flowers, but it was inevitable to prevent the extinction of the species.

"Time is on our side. you can't beat me."

"Is it really so?"

Returning with a calm expression, Flarino spread his arms, causing a huge tremble in the room.

'Is the fresh flower moving?'

No, it is growing.

'If you increase the total amount of photosynthesis by increasing the size, the entire capital is within range. I must kill him.'

Hoping that Jane had completed her mission, Rufist created dozens of steel storms, spinning blades.

"I'll tear you to pieces."

As blades attacked from all sides, the iron plate under Flallino's feet rose like a liquid and bounced off the steel.

"It is useless. I am the real flower, and the real flower is me."

The reason why Flarino, who has the desire to obey, took over as the Minister of Home Affairs is because he was the right person to take care of the flowers.

'It's not liquefaction. By raising the growth rate of minerals to the limit, they have fluidity.'

It was probably using the energy collected in the flower, and it wasn't bad from a Lufist's point of view.

Flallino, who opened the iron shield left and right, opened his mouth with cold eyes.

"Sorry. The capital will soon be destroyed. Your people will taste the pain we suffered."

"Do humans look so easygoing?"

Dozens of sharp pieces of metal formed around Rufist, preparing to jump out.

Flallino, who was glaring at Luffist with resentful eyes, bit his lip and opened the iron barrier again.

"You should have stepped on it when you were a caveman."



Steel magic - high-speed armor-piercing bullets.



A lump of iron protruding at tremendous speed pierced all the iron shields with a loud sound.

=======================================
[685] Heonhwa (5)





The power of high-speed armor-piercing bullets was so great that it could pierce the iron plate of ancient weapons with only kinetic energy, but Lufist felt uncomfortable.

Fresh flowers must be handed over to the kingdom in intact condition.

'No response.'

I couldn't feel anything inside the iron barrier that was perforated like a honeycomb.

'I opened the floor and avoided it.'

As Lufist expected, the iron plate in a completely different place opened, and Flallino reappeared.

"I will show you the consequences of your arrogance."

The floor Rufist was stepping on rippled like a wave and became a giant marble that trapped him.

"are you kidding?"

An iron prison for an iron wizard.

When I was about to smash it, I felt the inertia of falling with a force stronger than gravity.

'This is a strategy.'

It was the ability to create a small world that governs not only the system of living things but also materials.

As if melted by the heat, steel orbs fell endlessly into the hole, and finally crashed to the floor with a thud.

"Harm!"

When the ceiling suddenly opened and the beads fell, Shirone hugged Maylei and threw herself.

Kido, who was already far away, blinked at him, but the marble exploded and Lufist appeared.

'It's blocked.'

He checked the ceiling and clicked his tongue.

"I'm starting to get annoyed."

And that irritation went to Shirone, who was still hovering in the lower layer.

"What are you doing? You told me to take control of the main system, right? Where is Jane?"

"This is the control room."

Shirone, who had already arrived, pointed towards the device with sad eyes.

"By the time we arrived... ... ."

Lupist, who did not understand Shirone's words, frowned and turned his head, and only then found Jane, who was dead and smiling.

He usually doesn't express emotions, but now he doesn't even feel human at all.

"Jane."

The stomach was open and the muscles in both wrists were completely torn.

There was no need to confirm her death, but Rufist approached her.

Shirone followed and said in a sad voice.

"I think I forced my heart to beat while in cardiac arrest. So the wrist muscles... ... ."

"I know."

Kneeling on one knee, Lufist examined Jane's hand.

"When did you come?"

Armand gave the information to Shirone.

"A minute and thirty-two seconds ago."

"You lost your Nemesis."

I wouldn't have put it in a Kubrick.

Because I cut off my finger.

Shirone suddenly realized.

"Could it be, Chagall?"

If he was a person who fell behind the Great Purification Period, he would have infiltrated the flower due to Ra Enemy's design.

"It was good that I extended my life with transcendence, but the final treatment was disappointing. You should have destroyed it somehow."

Shirone made an impression.

"What are you going to say in this situation? Jane did her best."

"So what? Shall I pat the corpse on the head?"

"President of the association."

There was anger in Shirone's voice, but Rufist turned away from Jane coldly.

"I'll take care of your death, but if I were alive, I would have slapped you in the face. Even though she is the trinity of the spectrum, she is not a woman to die easily. In the end, his affection is the problem. This is why you can't be a girl."

"Don't say anything without knowing what the situation was like."

"Know."

I knew her better than my parents.

"good. Go to the ovary on the upper floor and steal the seed of the flower. Currently, Flarino is in control, but with the Ultima system, there should be no problem."

"But... ... ."

"There is no time."

Since what Rufist said was true, Shirone gave up the argument and turned around.

"Let's go, Mayray, Kido."

After leaving the control room, Shirone burst into anger.

"It's cold-blooded. There seems to be no blood or tears."

Kido ran to Shirone's side and said.

"It's not like that, Shirone."

"We've been working together for over 10 years. But how do you sell like that? I would never do that."

"Did you not notice?"

Shirone looked back at Kido with puzzled eyes.

"yes? What do you want to notice?"

"The president of the association saw the woman's body."

Kido was watching Lufist.

"Since then, I haven't blinked once."

"Eyes?"

Kido pretended to stab himself in the eye.

"It is not naturally possible. Of course, I don't know what that person is thinking. But I don't think I'm conscious of it."

As Shirone ran while looking at the floor, Mayray said.

"Anyway, we are also nervous. It bothers me that Mr. Jane is dead, but also that La Enemy is silent."

Kido raised the bridge of his nose.

"It's a hidden place. You're not even breathing You need a sense of smell. There is nothing like that in exploration."

"But the sense of smell belongs to a man named Chagall. Can I convince him?"

"You don't have to convince me."

Shirone said.

"Because taking Nemesis means that it will happen in the end."

"... ... ."

I felt like a puppet caught on the thread of fate.



Meanwhile, Rufist left the control room in the opposite direction to Shirone and the others.

When the automatic door opened and we entered the hallway, Flallino was standing on the side of the stairs.

"How do you feel about losing someone important to you?"

Rufist sensed an alien aura rushing from behind.

After a while, black smoke rose, and the pure-blooded vampire Laika blocked the retreat.

"Input the original code to retrieve the real flower. the way was good The try was good too. But I guess you didn't expect that ability to run."

Rufist finally looked back and his eyes were bloodshot without closing them.

As if that was even more enjoyable, Laika smiled and raised her hand.

"I ended it with this hand. I didn't quite finish it, though. If the result is like this, I think it's better. He would have died the most painfully."

Rufist wasn't offended.

It wasn't unpleasant because of that.

"If I'm afraid of pain, I won't do such stupid things."

"Hehe, you are human too. Does your voice tremble as you speak? Were you a precious person?"

said Flareno.

"You failed. Control of the living flower has passed back to me, and sooner or later the royal castle will be destroyed."

Rufist let out a sigh.

"no. It doesn't matter anymore."

Knowing how strict the head of the Tormia Magic Association is, the two members of the Three Ministers put on a puzzled expression.

"You look angry? You are human after all."

It was not a word of sympathy.

All Flarino wanted was for Lufist to feel the same way he did and be just as frustrated.

"Don't be mistaken. That woman is nothing to me. She was an aide and she was the chief of staff. She's got a bit of an odd corner, but she's already in the yard she's dead, no need to think."

Laika and Flallino's faces stiffened as the air felt heavy, as if it had turned to heavy metal.

"He was competent."

She was a resourceful woman who even made Luffist, a single-minded person, the president of the Magic Association.

"That's the only reason I'm annoyed. That capable girl, a talent that she has little chance of reaping no matter how much she invests in her education, is maddeningly upset that the life of a subspecies worm has consumed it."

Beyond the feeling, the air was actually starting to seep into the iron.

"How are you going to compensate? There are many difficult problems that the woman has to solve while alive. Even if people like you die a hundred times, I can't handle it."

"How dare you ignore the vampires!"

Laika, released from the smoke, rushed in, and Flalino moved the iron walls in all directions and pressed them.

"... ... Ironclad."

At the same time as the horse fell, the air rippled around Lufist, and the iron barrier began to spread.

"Big!"

Laika broke through the iron wall with her demigod half-soul ability, but pushed the area away as the 2nd and 3rd iron walls were created.

"Huhhhh!"

Florino, assimilated with the real flower, crouched down and shouted.

"Are you going to break it? It must be a precious flower to you too."

"Of course it is."

The value of ancient weapons was so great that they accounted for more than half of the kingdom's national power.

"That should have been enough."

As the wave of the iron wall became more intense, it began to extend toward the outer wall of the huge living flower.

"You'll regret it! you!"

A cool smile appeared on Rufist's lips.

"You won't regret anything?"

Koo Goo Goo Goo!

As the vibration of the flowers growing toward the sun became more intense than before, Shirone and the others stopped walking.

"what?"

Kido shouted as he clung to the wall.

"It tilts! Are you disturbing us?"

"No, not at that level."

The angle of inclination exceeds 20 degrees.

Considering the height and weight of the flower, it was almost impossible to restore it to its original state.



-There is no time.



Recalling Lufist's words, Shirone suddenly realized.

"I see."

I didn't say it with the capital hit in mind.

"I'm trying to break it."

"Break? I haven't even gotten any seeds yet. Wasn't that important to humans?"

"You're right, Kido."

Since when?

Perhaps from the discovery of Jane's body.

"You've already lost your temper, Mr. Rufist."



The 47th ironclad wave bent the inner substrate and extended to more than half the diameter of the stem.

The durability of the ancient weapons was higher than that of steel, so the waves of iron walls that could not overcome the resistance disappeared, but the 48th, 49th, and 50th vehicles were endlessly rolling in.



"Insignificant human hee hee hee!"

Laika, who had penetrated 87 iron walls, grabbed Lufist by the shoulder and stuck out his teeth.

'Just one bite!'

The president of the Magic Association can be used as a limb.

"Something like a bat."

For the first time in his life, Rufist raised his mana to a level that the system of his society disapproved of.



Steel Magic - Geumgang Tsunami.



The demigod's half-soul body was swept away in front of the waves of steel that pulsated 10 times per second.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

"stop! How did you grow this flower? Are you crazy?"

Flarino delivered through all the speakers of Saenghwa.

'You lost your temper? You're welcome.'

That wasn't our style.

'Right, Jane?'

The strategic value that can be obtained when the real flower is handed over to the kingdom, the astronomical price of the seed that the real flower produces, and the numerous potential benefits derived from it.

'It's enough if I can handle everything.'

It will become incomparably stronger than ancient weapons and will reverse all the losses.

'I'll fight for your share.'

Rufist never closed his eyes.

'So rest in peace, Jane.'

Finally, the 362nd iron wall reached the outer wall of the flower, and Rufist unleashed the strongest power in his life.

'This is it...' ... .'

As the steel-clad waves burst the outer wall and bounced off, the base of the flower was completely separated.

'I am a flower dedicated to your grave.'

"Quaaaaaaaaa!"

Flarinos screams seemed to perfectly represent the agony of the mouthless creature.



"Fall! I did it for real!"

Kido stepped on the slanting wall of fresh flowers and ran around, while Shirone and Maylei floated in the air as if they were in a state of weightlessness, searching for an exit.

"Let's get out there! If you get caught up in it, it's the end!"

It would be the shock of falling from space.

"I can't fly!"

"I'll take it! Just jump off!"

As Shirone and Mayray escaped, Kido threw himself into tears.

"Anyway, like a crazy race!"



Koo-goo-goo-goo-goo!

Feeling the ground vibrate, Ethella raised her head with a rain-soaked face.

The world's most expensive flower, 600 meters high, was falling south of Radum.

"Humans... ... human."

An existence that promotes human happiness from the human point of view.

A cut flower withers, but the flower is placed in front of someone's grave to mourn the death... ... .

We'd say even that is beautiful.

=======================================
[686] Incident (1)





The definition of time becomes meaningless when we imagine something happening in a very distant universe.

because it's too far

And now, in a timeframe that humanity will never reach, the most powerful explosion in the universe has occurred.

Gamma Ray Burst.

The explosion of a hypernova spews out jets approaching the speed of light, simultaneously ejecting energy that the sun has emitted for 10 billion years.

It was a really powerful explosion.

Although it was only a fleeting moment, it was to the point of tearing up the background of the universe, which contains time and space.

And beyond that lightless curtain, there was a pupil looking into this universe.



* * *



The heavy rain had abated, but the rain was still coldly soaking the gray landscape of Radum.

In the middle of the ruins, where most of the buildings had collapsed, Draker glared at Lian, who had collapsed with broken limbs.

'What happened to him?'

His body, buried in the rubble, did not even budge, but it was clear that he would rise again.



- Smille. Smille.



Hearing the endlessly resonating hallucinations, Lian firmly gripped the handle of the great sword.

'Am I not misunderstanding something?'

Resurrection is familiar now.

However, since it is not possible for everyone, the familiarity has rather been pushed into a huge unfamiliarity.

The body is broken and then restored.

'Hasn't it been broken since the beginning and never recovered?'

Just as if you die a thousand times in a dream and it didn't even happen when you open your eyes, if all these things started from just one misunderstanding... ... .

'Stop thinking.'

After recovering, Lian slammed the great sword into the ground and slowly stood up.

'It doesn't matter what the correct answer is.'

You just have to do what you can.

"I'll admit that the string is tough."

Drakker said, narrowing the distance with a stride.

"Maybe you won. If the opponent I'm fighting right now wasn't me. That is your biggest failure."

If you can get up with broken limbs, any foe will be blown away.

"The dragon race has no limit on physical strength. If you are immortal, I will destroy you endlessly here."

Balaur are known to be life forms close to inanimate objects.

"doesn't care."

Lian aimed the straight sword at Draker's forehead.

"Before that, you will be destroyed first."

As if it wasn't worth responding to, Drakker jumped out.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

The collision between the dragon and the axing devastated the area, but the balance of power was weak, but Drakker had the upper hand.

'strong.'

It was Lian's honest evaluation.

'But that's all.'

A Draker's strength is based on the strength of the race, not skill, talent, effort, or training.

'It's not something I got with your own strength.'

so don't be afraid

Lions are destined to be predators from birth, but visible force is only an object of adaptation.

That's not what humans fear.

"I will jump over you!"

The great sword wielded with Macha's power distorted the space, but Draker's dragon sword did not lose its power.

"Because that doesn't work, you're weak!"

The history of countless races trampled by Drakers proved that no one could defeat the Balaur.

When Drakker's regime, moving faster than air, struck Daejikdo, a huge bell sounded.

"Keugh!"

Lian, pushed by the enormous force, broke down the wall of the building and flew through the wall on the other side.

"I'll smash everything except the head."

Drakker, who jumped over the entire building with tremendous leaping power, looked at the ground and made a puzzled expression.

"what?"

Lian, who needs at least a broken arm to be normal, was taking a counterattack posture with a clear gaze.

'Can you offset the shock?'

It was a completely new reaction, impossible without learning during combat.

'no. It's too short a time for that.'

It is known that human learning ability, which takes an average of 10,000 hours to master a particular skill, is neither too high nor too low compared to the entire biota.

If there is only one strength, it is enlightenment through consilience.

The probability of human beings attaining enlightenment, whether large or small, in a particular event reaches 0.000001 percent.

A number that far exceeds the average for the entire biota.

If we substitute the population of over 3 billion here, we can see why the race that currently dominates the planet is human.

'no. It's just a fluke that I blocked it once.'

Draker shook his head.

It was only the statistics of the race to the end, and the probability that Lian adapted to the power of the Balaur through enlightenment was extremely low.

"Can I stop this too!"

Drakker launched a more intense offensive, but as time went on, Lian's reaction was also getting more nimble.

'Is this possible?'

And finally the attack was stopped.

"Big!"

Seeing Lian block the dragon without stepping back, he realized the meaninglessness of probability.

'I'm not an ordinary human.'

"Do you know how many times I've died so far?"

Lian, who was holding the greatsword as if to crush Draker, said with a wrinkled face.

"1,000 times."

Because it wasn't bravado, Draker was terrifying.

The reason why people who have suffered death-related accidents live completely different lives is because they have learned from extreme experiences.

Having experienced 1,000 real deaths, Lian's ability to correct errors was unmatched in both angle and depth of direction.

"gibberish!"

Drakker, who had pushed Lian away, charged with burning eyes and swung his fist rapidly.

'I stop here.'

It is an endlessly repeated action.

"Something human!"

Draker's pride was hurt.

Fists with afterimages flew from all sides, but all attacks were blocked by Lian's sword.

'This, this, this too.'

The body reacts before thinking.

'It was like this, Shirone. One thing I got from dying a thousand times... ... .'

Tears welled up at the realization I felt for the first time in my life.

'You must have repeated every moment.'

see.

'The position of my arms, the center of my body, and the rhythm of my heartbeat.'

No, it feels like watching.

'I don't have any talent... ... .'

Because I have experienced all the failures that the body can commit.

At the place where I finally returned after drawing a huge circle, a piece of self-image was completed.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

Ryan let out a roar of joy.

I wandered in the dark cave for 20 years without even thinking that there would be an exit.

maybe there is no way

It was a long time when I had to run even though I thought I would never be able to escape.

'But there was. There was, Shirone!'

there was an exit.

Throwing his body toward the light at the end of the cave, Lian finally felt the whole world shake with the light of enlightenment.

"Even if it is, you can't be my opponent!"

Since insight transcends time, Drakker was also feeling Lian's change.

The temperament itself was so different that it is safe to say that the Lian of the past and the Lian of today are completely different people.

"No, I am human anyway."



Dragon language - tyranny.



Drakker pushed Lian by activating the dragon skill that raised the body's ability to the maximum.

It was a skill that had to endure recoil even with the durability of a powerful dragon, but it was no longer a situation to consider anything else.

'I'd rather end my life with my own hands than be killed by a human!'

Dragon Slayer is the highest title a human can obtain, but on the contrary, it was a more terrible disgrace than dying to the dragons.

Whoops!

When Draker and Lian's attack collided in the middle, the ground shook like a wave and created a huge circular shockwave.

Lian's face, struck by the power of tyranny, had veins.

"Great!"

It was the irony of life that even though I had the best realization in my life, my opponent was stronger.

In a situation where the power was balanced, Draker's upper body began to lean toward Lian.

"Quack! you lost die."

"It's not over yet."

As Lian raised his eyes and raised his will to transcend the divine, Dinai's fantasy became more grotesque.

"this... ... this... ... !"

The whole world that stretched over Lian's shoulder stood up and was folding toward Draker.

"It's called folding."

If the previous one sword divided the world into two, the current one sword has the power to divide the world in two.

As if the force of gravity had doubled, a tremendous pressure pressed down on Draker's body.

'Cut! Cut!'

The world was splitting apart and pushing at a tremendous speed from outside the field of view.

Draker felt fear for the first time in his life.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

At the same time, Lian's large straight sword split the landscape.

"Turn it off... ... ."

It was a terrible feeling to feel the cold wind in the core of your body.

As if it was just a fantasy, the scenery where Denai disappeared was sealed, and the only thing that changed from before was Draker's body.

"dare... ... me... ... ."

Even the voice split left and right, heard from both sides, and finally Draker, who had become two, fell to the floor.

"Whoa."

Relying on the handle of the sword, Lian took a deep breath and slowly straightened her back and turned her head.

"Am I the strongest Radum now?"

You don't need to assign any meaning to it.

Even the race of dragon demons was nothing more than a failed work, created as a result of dragon experiments.

'I can't become a dragon slayer to this extent.'

Just looking at Drakker, I could indirectly feel how powerful dragons were.

'But now I don't doubt it.'

The schema obtained after 20 years gave me confidence that I could overcome any obstacles in the future.

"By the way, what about Shirone?"

With a serious expression, Lian looked up at the dust clouds rising from the center of Radum.

Just the fact that dust was rising through the rain made it possible to guess what kind of shock had been applied to that place.

'Who did such an absurd thing?'

I saw the flower fall with my own eyes, but I was so focused on the battle that I didn't have time to analyze it with my head.

"Well, it must have been a big fight."

Thoughts are annoying.

Lian was about to head to a new battlefield with the great sword over his shoulder when he heard a voice from high up.

"Have you done it?"

Kuan, hugging Venezia's waist, was looking down at the ground from the roof of a half-destroyed building.

Lian, who looked carefully at Draker, reported.

"I don't know if I harmed it, but I split it in two."

"... ... Looks like lightning fell from the sky."

Since it was Quan who worked as an investigator in Radum, he knew how good the three ministers were.

Flalino never came out of a living room, but Draker, whom he watched through spying operations, was never an easy opponent to see.

"Pu-hu."

Lian laughed and shrugged.

"What kind of sad words. Will I be able to defeat the yongmain that much? It was a blow stronger than a thunderbolt."

'Why are you here? Did he turn away from fighting?'

Although he was stupid, he wasn't lighthearted, so Quan tilted his head at his more excited appearance than usual.

"It's open, schema."

He finally understood, but he stared at Lian without even shaking his gaze.

"... ... ."

Draker's corpse was telling me that it wasn't the imagination scheme like before.

"Is that so?"

He jumped off the building holding Venezia and moved to where Lian was.

From Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy to fighting with Rai and leaving for knight training.

Numerous memories passed by, but Kuan only spoke briefly as he looked back at the scene of the flower.

"let's go."

Lian, who was savoring his words, nodded with a satisfied smile.

It resonated louder than any words.

"Yes."

At the same time as he answered, two swordsmen kicked off the ground and flew up.

=======================================
[687] Incident (2)





* * *



"Aww! Save the goblins!"

Shirone snatched Kido, who struggled as he fell, like a swallow.

"I said I would catch you. Why are you making such a fuss?"

"damn! I hate the sky!"

To Kido, who realized the logic of the earth, the sky was an uncomfortable place with nothing to hold on to.

"By the way, that person is really crazy. I didn't know you would break this."

The seismic waves generated by the fall of the flower had destroyed more than half of Radum.

"It's better. I don't really like ancient weapons."

The map weapon, which judges by looking at the map, does not try to look into what is there.

Only the scale of damage and gain according to strategy and tactics are measured.

This was the reason why Shirone refrained from wide-area destructive magic as much as possible.

"That is your idea. Is that very expensive?"

Putting Kido down on the ground, Shirone looked around.

Due to the impact of the falling flowers, the ground bounced like a rubber sheet, and all the dust on the ground rose up, making it impossible to see an inch in front.

Fortunately, it was raining, so the clock would not be disturbed for long.

'The spectrum was destroyed and the flower was broken. What is La Enemy thinking?'

Shirone looked back at Mayray.

"how? still the voice... ... ."

Shirone felt his heart stop and met her eyes.

"you... ... who is this?"

Her appearance hasn't changed, but the person in front of her now isn't Maylei.

If the face is a mirror that reveals emotions, her face as she stares at Shirone with her lips pointedly pursed contains an unknown emotion that has never been seen in any human being.

"... ... ."

When she couldn't hear anything from Mayray, Shirone opened the foil.

Behind the material lies the concept that defines it.

A sword is a set of atoms, but in order to recognize it as a sword, the concept of a sword must precede it.

Therefore, if the concept of indestructibility preceded a sword, it would not be destroyed in reality, and this was the identity of Lian's great sword <Idea>.

Soul, idea, concept.

It doesn't matter what it is defined as, but there are two ways for humans, beings with five senses, to step into this realm.

One is to escape from the body made of matter (brain in a vat).

Another is to feel the other world in the realm of reality (Park Ji).

Shirone looked at Mayray with the latter ability and got goosebumps.

'this... ... what?'

Mayray's conceptual form was different from that of humans.

It was over 3 meters tall with a thin body like thorns, and the top of its head stood out like a fan.

The arms were long and thin, the waist was bent, and the eyes were covered with shiny black retinas without pupils.

"Who are you... ... ."

As Shirone spoke, Kido grabbed her wrist.

"it's okay. Leave it alone for now."

"Kido, what happened?"

Kido couldn't feel Bakji, but he was predicting it to some extent through the taste of his memories.

"I knew it when I ate Mayray's blood. Her memories are not human."

Mayray's memory was something a goblin's imagination couldn't analyze.

"Anyway, it's clear that he intends to fight Ra Enemy. In other words, they are allies."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"that's... ... ."

Mayray said to Shirone.

"It's been a while, Hexa."

It was not human language, but the Ultima System interpreted it.

"Do you know me?"

No, it was Hexa to be precise.

Shirone, who recalled Hexa's memory with Igor's ability, still did not feel that it was her own.

Mayray looked around and said.

"Too much noise. It must mean that the time has come. wait a moment. You will know everything."

"wait? what?"

Mayray raised her head and pointed her index finger toward the sky.

"event."



* * *



"Big! Shit!"

The collapse of the flower caused numerous casualties regardless of race, but the pure-blooded vampire Laika was able to save his life with a death sentence.

"Do you think I will disappear just like this?"

Laika, who had crawled out of the gap between the fallen flowers, swayed and stood up.

It was such a huge tower that even when it collapsed, it seemed as if a cliff was standing there.

'I want to suck blood right now... ... Recovery comes first.'

Vampires are a race with a unique concept of half-god and half-soul.

Staying on the boundary between material and concept, they can destroy or penetrate the wall according to their will, but neither function perfectly.

Wood, for example, is easier to destroy than stone, so wood is an easy material for vampires to penetrate.

Rufist's iron wall was so strong that it would be difficult to destroy it unless he was pureblood, and that is why Laika's body and soul were in complete disrepair after being hit by the Geumgang Tsunami.

"I congratulate you that you are still alive."

Rufist walked on the muddy ground where rainwater and dust mixed.

'Damn it.'

Lufist's tenacity in finding Leica until the end at the scene of an accident comparable to a natural disaster could also be said to be great.

"I'm glad you're alive. You have no intention of killing me gracefully."

Laika, baring her fangs, responded.

"Quack. I will regret it. Would a dead woman come back just by picking a fresh flower? She couldn't even steal the seeds. Your mission is a complete failure."

There was no way he didn't know that the key reason for sending the head of the Magic Association from the royal castle was the real flower.

"It's none of my business to die soon."

A gurgling sound came from Laika's throat.

"Like a lowly human... ... You dare to kill a vampire?"

Rufist let out a long sigh.

"Human, human. Don't you guys know what else to say?"

"Because it is true. It's just absurd that a weak race is ruling the world."

"Yeah, not weak."

Rufist meekly agreed.

"In general, I mean."

Laika's eyes widened.

"Let me tell you something funny. Two men went down to hell with their families."

Rufist extended his index and middle fingers with the back of his hand showing.

"And I decided to get out of hell. By the way, one man succeeded, but one man couldn't get out."

When I bent my index finger, only the middle finger remained.

Despite knowing that it was a common curse among humans, Laika had to suppress her anger.

"A man who has failed is because he could not abandon his family. When his wife fell, he lifted him up, and when his child fell, he carried him on his back and ran. Eventually, the gates of hell were closed."

Rufist sneered.

"On the other hand, a successful man didn't take care of anyone. Whether his wife fell into the fire, his parents cried out in pain, or his children shed tears of blood, he could only run and run and finally get out of Hell before it closed."

Rufist opened his arms and asked.

"Isn't it strange?"

"... ... What do you want to say?"

"You know, this is a metaphor. A metaphor for the system of human society. The more responsibilities you have, the less competitive you are. Even so, they give up competition and choose responsibility. Those 'normal' people you mentioned."

It was too young to live in Rufist's eyes.

"Most of the people who heard this story had the same reaction. Pity the men who fail and criticize the men who succeed. So few people ask this question. Why did a successful man have to run and leave the people he loves most in hell?"

Lufist raised his index finger.

"Because it is efficient. The moment you take responsibility for someone, everyone dies. Then, what about the spirit of the man who abandoned his family and ran? Can he really be called sane?"

Rufist shook his head.

"Absolutely not. Obsession with success, madness. I call this mind murder. Whether you have no guilt innately or suppress it with the power of reason, victory or defeat depends on how many precious people you can kill with your heart. And now the upper echelons of the human system are teeming with such crazy bastards. How do you feel about humans being a weak species?"

Luffist's smiling face turned cold.

"The opponent standing in front of you right now is a human beyond the normal category. Everyone who has entered Radum and carried out their missions is an extremely brutal mind-killer. Only those who had to kill the people they loved the most to become wizards, to spread the will of good, and to reach the pinnacle of swordsmanship remain. Kill, kill, kill, keep killing and going up."

Killing your friends, family, and even yourself, the only thing you get is... ... .

the real me

"Don't think you'll be the same as the good people you sucked blood from. No one is normal here. The top of the world is swarming with madmen who will do anything to achieve their ends. It's not a system that lowly races like vampires dare step into."

"Keeeeeeeeeee!"

Laika screamed and ran.

Although his soul was not even half recovered yet, he could not control his anger at the trampling of his tribal pride.

'Jane... ... .'

Rufist poured out the remaining words without hesitation, but Rufist was not relieved.

The reason why a genius magician of the mental type met his death in the den of subhumans was probably because he had to take responsibility for someone.

'You should have killed him. You should have lived.'

Perhaps Jane wanted to find a better life free from the guilt of murder.



Steel Magic - Diamond Water.



The steel formed over Rufist's shoulder and transformed into the arms of a huge beast, crushing Laika.

"Big!"

Laika struggled limbs, clinging like a mouse caught in a lion's paw.

Being unable to escape even with half-soul abilities meant that the durability of the Diamond Tree was strong enough to exceed that of a vampire.

"Shall we play with it soon?"

Laika's face twisted grotesquely.

"Lower... ... ."

Geumgangsu's claws penetrated Laika's body.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

The vampire's scream continued for 10 minutes.

"Turn it off... ... ."

No beast of prey would make such a mess of its prey.

When Laika died, the body first dried up.

Eventually, it turned to dust, and the dark soul was scattered into the air.

'Is this the end?'

Laika had disappeared, and since the flower had been destroyed, Flallino would not have been able to use its power either.

There is still a Draker among the Three Ministers, but since he hasn't shown up yet, it seems that the Shirone Mercenary Corps has taken care of it.

"Finally found."

When I turned to the place where I heard the sound of splashing water, Chagall, whose hair was wet like a mop, was walking hunched over.

The first thing Lufist checked was the bag Chagall was dragging.

'I retrieved the dagger.'

The only weakness was gone.

"I will kill you."

Chagall's gait quickened, but Lufist didn't even move.

And when he came close, he slowly turned around, and Chagall kicked the ground and passed Lufist.

"La Enemy!"

The rapid-fire sword stabbed the air at a terrifying speed.

"Wherever you are!"

Chagall sniffed and flung himself to the other side where the flower had fallen.

"Find it and kill it!"

Rufist took out Nemesis from Kubrick.

'The sense of smell has captured it means that sooner or later everyone will gather.'

La Enemy started to move.

=======================================
[688] Incident (3)





After confirming Chagall's direction, Rufist cast fly magic and found Shirone and the others.

I wasn't even worried when I picked the fresh flower, but I knew that I wasn't going to die easily anyway.

"You managed to survive."

When Lufist landed on the ground and spoke, Shirone pursed his lips with a sullen expression.

However, because he understood Lufist's feelings for losing Jane, he didn't say much about the flowers.

"Mayray is strange."

There was no humanity in her face.

"Is it Terraforce?"

Since he was in a position to receive reports of the secrets of the world, he was not surprised to see intelligent life from outer space.

However, they needed to know the intentions revealed through Mayray.

"What are you aiming for?"

Mayray looked around startled as if collecting sounds, then answered in human language.

"law."

"law? what order?"

No answer came back, and for now, the mission was the priority, so Lufist gave up his thoughts and said.

"Okay, let's start now. Chagall is in action. La Enemy is nearby."

Kido held out his hand.

"Give me too, Nemesis."

When Rufist turned around, Shirone gave a brief explanation.

"It's tasteless."

Since he now guessed La Enemy's intentions, Rufist obediently handed over the spare Nemesis.

"Hmm, if I wear this... ... ."

When Kido put the ring on his index finger, his imagination became a reality and the scene of the goblin tribe unfolded.

'sister.'

Kido's sister, wearing a ragged skirt, was eating a pig's leg with one leg raised on a rock.

His bold and ferocious expression was unpleasant for humans to see, but Kido looked at him with his mouth open.

"Hey."

Rufist said coldly.

"Cut off your thoughts. Any interference is fatal to the battle."

The scenery disappeared in an instant.

The fact that he was able to control his mind right away made him guess Kido's realm.

"let's go. Chasing Chagall."

Wizards flew through the sky and Kido quickly chased after them while keeping his distance.

After running for 3 minutes, I saw Chagall stabbing with a rapid-fire sword in a state of loss of reason.

"Aaaaaaa!"

It seemed crazy, but the genius move made the existence of the virtual La Enemy more palpable.

"Get inside Nemesis' radius."

Upon entering within a 20-meter radius of Chagall, Shirone opened his eyes wide at the first sensation he felt in his life.

'This is the nostalgia of the case.'

As if recalling the past from a particular smell, the fragrance of La Enemie, which Chagall is responsible for, has been conveyed.

'But I don't know where it is.'

Unlike sight, the detection ability of the sense of smell is not restricted by concealment and cover, but it could not pinpoint the exact point.



-I'm here, Shirone.



As the god's frequency resonated, everyone turned their heads to the left as Ra Enemy's voice was heard.

"La Enemy!"

Shirone shouted in an empty place, but the answer came from a completely different place.



-What is the universe?



"Come out! Appear in front of me!"



-How can I not be a god?



"Keeeh!"

Kido slid past the spot where the voice was heard and swung the spear, but nothing caught.

Shirone immediately looked away.

'It's no use. He only exists in the past.'

There was no guarantee that a voice from the past would still be there.

'But it's not that distant past.'

It was because Chagall was still here, and if it was in the past within one second, La Enemy could have been hit with the Sibul statue bombardment.

'Broad!'

When the magic was cast using the sense of time, the light curtain took over the entire 20-meter radius.

At the same time, Chagall sniffed and left the place.

'Avoided. It must be magic.'

The fact that Chagall's movement was immediate means that La Enemy is staying in a time frame close to the present.

"Where are you! come out!"

Then, someone touched Shirone's shoulder.



-Answer the remaining questions, Shirone.



Hearing the cold voice from close by, Shirone felt his heart sink.

'It's behind me.'

Everyone felt it through Nemesis and Kido jumped, but it was Chagall who arrived first.

"Die!"

"Keugh!"

Shirone hurriedly twisted her body to avoid the dagger.

"Wake! If we don't join forces... ... !"

"kill! Kill for sure!"

As Chagall, who had lost his temper, sprinted to the ground and sprinted down the road, Lufist, who had risen into the sky, shouted.

"Follow me! There it is!"

As the chase began again, Kido pressed close to Shirone's side.

"Wait for the time to add up. He's the one who manipulates events on a cosmic level. You can even calculate the movement of air molecules. You have to assume that you are the strongest enemy."

"Even if it materializes, is it a different matter to subdue it?"

Kido nodded.

"It's not all about finding it. If I can't subdue it, I can't eat it, and then I can't figure out Ra Enemy's intentions."

Rufist lowered the flight altitude and said.

"I don't know how many opportunities there will be, but thinking of it as one is perfect. When the opportunity comes, never miss it."

Shirone gritted his teeth and nodded.

"Yes."

You will never miss it.



* * *



Lian, Kuan, and Venezia joined Etela and ran through the area of ??Radum's concealment facility.

'It's a really strange feeling.'

There is no such thing as a destination.

It was a situation where it was okay to empty your mind because Enemy would be there anyway.

'That's why it's so ominous.'

Kuan looked back at Venice.

'Why did La Enemy kill her brain?'

Perhaps because Venice's free will gets in the way of La Enemy's designs.

'If that's the case, we come to the conclusion that we shouldn't meet Ra Enemy... ... .'

"You don't have to think."

Quan turned to Etella.

"No matter what judgment we make, we cannot tell whether it is La Enemy's intention or our will. It must be assumed that the case has already been eaten."

It was a loss of free will.

"It seems that there is only a straight method."

The only thing they could do was to meet Ra Enemy and wipe it out of existence.

Having made up his mind, Quan stopped walking and put the Nemesis ring on Venezia.

Sensing Etella's gaze, he explained.

"Aria was wearing it. Now, if La Enemy approaches, you can see it with her eyes."

Then I heard Shirone's voice.

"Lian!"

I saw Chagall rushing forward with his mad eyes raised, and Shirone and his party were following him.

"Ah, ah... ... ."

As Venezia shuddered and groaned, Lian, Quan, and Ethella all turned their heads at the same time.

Standing there was a handsome man with dark skin, tall stature, Middle Eastern clothing and long hair like a woman's.

"Finally."

The five senses are integrated.

"la... ... !"

Chagall salivated between his teeth and threw the bag containing the rapid-fire sword as hard as he could.

"Enemyeeeeeeee!"

La Enemie looked back and smiled beautifully, but the smile was directed at Shirone, not Chagall.

"It's been a while, Shirone."

For Shirone, it was only 20 years, but for Ra, it was billions of years of waiting.

"Why! Why! Why!"

The vanguard is, of course, Chagall.

Dozens of rapid-fire swords flew towards all of Ra's vital points.

A skill that took the lives of countless strong people.

However, La Enemy evaded all attacks by spinning a circle in a beautiful motion as if dancing.

"what... ... !"

It was a mysterious incident to the extent that Chagall, who was in deep despair, even lost his will to continue the attack.

'This is impossible!'

A genius intuition said so.

"Shirone! Now!"

At the same time as Lufist shouted, Shirone stopped walking.

'I won't miss it!'



Quantum Super Position - 300 Stacks - Incarnation Art - Angel's Punishment.



The incarnation of the light angel rose in a huge way and launched a relentless bombardment towards Ra Enemy.

It was a power that could kill everyone in this place, but even so, sacrifice was unavoidable.

'If only I could remove Raman!'

Everyone was thinking the same thing, so no one resented Shirone for unwittingly casting magic.

The roar of the heavens and earth pierced the eardrum.

Debris crashed first, and clouds of dust spread like giant monsters encroaching on the city.

"Pooh! It's amazing."

Lian walked out pushing a brick taller than a person upwards.

The spear of light that Shirone ruthlessly planted was far more powerful than the one he saw in the graduation exam just a while ago.

'If I lived, I would have lived.'

Those gathered here were the best of the elite.

The first thing that caught my eye was a black hole with a radius of several tens of meters and an unknown depth.

And above the hole, Ra Enemy floated.

"... ... Are you fine?"

The other people who appeared through the smoke could not understand the current situation.

Only Shirone could reliably recreate the moment when 300 spears were stabbed in sequence.

"This... ... It's impossible."

The feelings Shirone felt were exactly the same as Chagall's feelings just before.

'There was no way to avoid it!'

It wasn't because Shirone was overconfident in his own abilities, or because he underestimated La Enemie's abilities.

Movement Zero.

Clearly, even though 300 spears completely blocked Ra Enemy's movement, he had avoided it.

'There was a route that could be avoided?'

Shirone shook her head roughly.

'No, never. Even if I were there, there would be no way to get out.'

In a perfectly checkmate situation, it is impossible to find a move that can break it.

It's not difficult, it's because there really isn't.

Mayray approached Shirone.

"Hexa. It is a perfect random number."

"Perfect... ... random number?"

"Humans cannot create randomness. Even if you try to set something random, the very intention of 'I will set it randomly' creates a new pattern."

Can we imagine perfect randomness?

"But Ra is different. That's complete chaos. You will believe that there is no movement outside the pattern."

Wave your hand, blink your eyes, scream.

When you imagine all the actions that are close to infinite that humans can do, you can do something that goes beyond that category.

"Just because you can't imagine it doesn't mean it doesn't exist."

"yes. If Hexa is 100% a product of necessity, Ra is a product of 100% chance."

It was natural that humans could not imagine if everything transcended patterns and was triggered by chance.

"In a word, it is annoyingly strong. What are you going to do now? I don't think a single change in firepower will work?"

Mayray said.

"There is a way to eliminate La Enemie. But that's only possible if you steal his blueprints."

Kido pressed his glasses while glaring at La Enemy.

"If you eat him, you can also eat his imagination. Perfect chaos doesn't mean invincible anyway. So... ... That's what chaos is, right? Weak and strong... ... ."

"Yeah, I understand."

Shirone moved and said.

"I will create a chance. That's when you eat Enemy."

"What are you going to do?"

"... ... I don't know either."

As Shirone ran with a smile and jumped over the pit with teleportation, La Enemy greeted her with open arms.

"Can you do it, Shirone?"

I do not know.

But there was an answer.



Quantum Super Position - Wheel of Fear.



At first it's 2 stacks.

Then, when Quantum Super Position was activated again, the number of overlapping events began to soar to infinity.

The only way to control the cowardly fractal was the Ultima System, but Shirone gave up even that and called out.

"Oh my gosh... ... ."

The number of Shirones increased like a bubble and became a giant sphere of flesh, completely trapping Ra Enemy.

"How are you going to hold on?"

If the number continued to increase, it would eventually become uncontrollable, but Shirone did not worry.

'It doesn't matter, no matter how much it increases.'

Neutralizes necessity and chance.

The reason why Shirone's cases can be endlessly increased is that La Enemie's cases will equally erase them.

"Bubble... ... disappear."



The moment one Shirone finally caught La Enemy, all the Shirones began to converge towards that one incident.

=======================================
[689] God's Pupil (1)





The incident, which bubbled up like a bubble through the wheel of cowardice, was moving toward all possible patterns.

The reaction of an infinite number of patterns with one random was the same principle as throwing a huge number of pebbles to fill up the sea.

Everything that could happen has happened.

Fight, dance, torture, kiss... ... .

Of course, these events do not actually happen.

It could have happened, but more importantly, La Enemy's randomness was gradually disappearing.

As Shirone's pattern increases, the number of things La Enemy can react to decreases relatively.

Some events turned into something that had no chance of happening in the first place, and that's how the bubble on the wheel of cowardice began to burst.

In the end, after all the events have disappeared as 'events that could not happen in the first place', what remains is the true Movement Zero.

It was extremely easy to hold onto Ra Enemy's shoulders, unable to react.

"haha."

Shirone let out a rough breath and glared at La Enemie.

'Caught. Never miss.'

Even if I had to die on the spot, I would bite and hang on.

'It was a battle of probabilities.'

La Enemy said while Luffist was deep in thought.

"You're finally here, Shirone."

Even in the desperate situation, tension could not be found.

Piri Riri.

Then a black shadow passed by with a flute sound.

It was only after the blood flowed out that Ra Enemy looked at the part where her right arm had been cut off.

"Kid too."

When Shirone turned his head, Kido, who was holding La Enemy's arm, was standing hunched over with one foot gently floating.

"Gig gigg kik, there can be no mistakes in a speed killer. From now on, I'll dig into your memories... ... ."

"Okay, so eat quickly."

Nervous Shirone pressed forward, but contrary to expectations, La Enemie kept an eye on the situation with a smile on her face.

"Then where?"

As I bit La Enemy's arm and started chewing on it, time seemed to flow slowly.

While everyone was watching with nervous expressions, something went down Kido's throat.

"Hmm... ... ."

Kido looked up at the sky and waited for the 'Taste of Incident' to activate, and his eyes filled with wonder.

"what?"

And through <Nemesis>, the memories of La Enemy were delivered to everyone.

Shirone's eyes shook in shock, and La Enemie gently tilted his head while looking at him.



this is the story.

It is the secret story of a being born as a product of perfect coincidence.



"Oh, this can't be... ... ."

The starting point of La Enemy's memory is a distant universe that humans cannot experience.

A certain planet was inhabited by beings with life.

Its form, habits, language, and communication method were completely different from humans, but it was not a major problem for Shirone and the others.

because he had nothing.



"Come out! The head is starting to show! Cheer up a little more!"

A creature born with everyone's blessings began a tragic life without even giving a second of joy to his family.

"no! no!"

Seeing the newborn child, the parents wept.

A child born with a mutation inherited none of its parents.

To be precise, all of the sensory organs through which their species perceived the world were in a state of being broken.

"Why my child! Why must it be our child!"

Nonetheless, the parents were determined to raise the child.



At that point, Shirone got goosebumps.

'Crazy.'

He was a child who couldn't ask for anything, and it's impossible to even guess what state he was in.

They do not know what light is because they do not have a visual organ.



-La Enemy is blind.



They can't even hear sounds because they don't have organs of hearing.



-La Enemy is deaf.



You cannot smell, you cannot taste, and you cannot even sense the movement of your digestive system because your nerves are paralyzed.

'How could this be?'



In this way, the ego was leading a miserable life, trapped in nothingness without any characteristics.

He could have thought something, but he couldn't even think of it as a thought.

Time was meaningless, and one second in the photon field was extending to the length of 10,000, 100,000, or even 100 million years.



"Aaaaaaa!"

Kido screamed as if his head would explode just by accepting the memories.

Venice was also shedding bloody tears, chewing over the memory of killing two brains.

"Big!"

Even Shirone, whose mental strength was much stronger than them, was struggling desperately with a distorted face.

It is frustrating.

It's so frustrating that I think I'm going crazy.

Perhaps at that time the child's head was completely filled with something of this nature.



100 million years becomes 1 billion years, then tens of billions of years... ... .

In the endless expansion of time, the nature of nothingness began to distort little by little, unable to endure the emptiness.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

As usual, the parents who came to provide nourishment to the child ran away in horror when they saw the child's body being twisted like a twist.

The skeleton was crushed, and the organs that were not needed in the first place went through the process of disappearing.

He was gradually turning into a lump of meat devoid of any random form or function.



By the time 40 years had passed by the standards of the photon system, no one was looking for him.



"... ... ."

In silence, the world was just calm.

Since time does not exist, there is no function called aging.

It was destined to last forever, like an unloaded egg containing only the concept of nothingness.

So it was a perfect coincidence.

A signal without motive, intent, or purpose caused a feeble ripple in his world.

"... ... !"

The skin of the chunk of meat was torn horizontally, and for the first time in my life, it began to move.

question.

Clearly it was a question.

The horizontally torn shell was opened wide, and a tremendous amount of light poured into the pupils born.



-In the beginning there was light.



Then, as the ignorant information flooded in, the world of nothingness was filled with presence.

He called this world the universe.



- I exist.

Anker Ra (Eternal Ra).



As Venezia dropped to her knees, Kido, feeling dizzy, vomited up what she had eaten.

'This is it...' ... .'

Ra Enemy said with a sad smile.

"Yes, this is me."

Kido vomited everything up, but new memories were being passed on from the already digested flesh.

I saw La Enemy sitting like a doll with a thread cut in the dark space.

'This is real!'

It wasn't an incident, it was Ra that existed somewhere in reality.

"where are you? Where are you?"

"... ... ."

"Answer me!"

Even in the flood of memories, Shirone desperately held onto her reason and shouted.

La Enemy shook her head and stepped back.

"I will become a god."

Finally, all the memories were transmitted and Kido, realizing Ra's true intentions, raised his head and shouted.

"Shirone! Dangerous!"

Rufist frowned and opened the spirit zone.

'Damn it! That's what you meant!'

He intended to become Anchera again in a human body.

If you cannot become a god even with the concept of the whole, you will transform into the most individual being and try again.

'After all, La Enemy is... ... .'

It was the totality of events that Ankera had been through since time immemorial to become a perfect human being.



1st. La Enemie (age 19): 98.7 percent.



Recalling the numbers she had checked while accepting the Ivory Tower Test, Shirone felt her hair stand on end.

'I was almost there!'

Venice was right.

A 98.7% Kar value built up from the experience of the incident.

What fills the remaining 1.3 percent is not an event, but vivid memories of the five senses.

Kido twisted the spear with a frown.

'We shouldn't have come here!'

With 5 members Shirone, Chagall, Kido, Mayray, and Venezia, La Enemie's car reading was heading towards 100%.

"Kill! When it's done, it's over!"

Being a perfect human being is no different than all human beings are wrong.

Therefore, it does not deserve to exist.

"Nice to meet you, Shirone."

When Ra Enemy reached out her hand, the scenery began to turn red as if the air curtain was peeling off.

"Super thin."

As the boundary between reality and unreality disappeared, a huge army appeared.

"How many are there?"

It was a large army of well over 1,000 even when counted in barrels.

Anglerfish with long necks like ropes and bulging bellies swept across the landscape in an instant.

"Kiaaaagh! Kyaaaagh!"

'Broad!'

As the light curtain exploded around Shirone, the limbs of the demons flew in all directions.

'What about La Enemy?'

As I twisted my body, a blood-red sword flew at me.

"Keugh!"

"Don't invade our territory!"

The muddy voice was interpreted through the Ultima system.

'What is that again?'

It was a large warrior with horns hanging at right angles to both temples.

"Barsheba, Lord of Despair."

The landscape peeled off from behind Shirone, revealing Igor.

"What happened to this large army?"

"There are circumstances in this world as well. I'll take it."

Igor grabbed the spear of the blue flame and jumped out, and Warsiva swung a greatsword and fought back.

As Shirone bit his lip as Pia watched the mess, a voice came from behind.

"It's dangerous at this rate, Hexa."

A gray-skinned creature, over three meters tall, was approaching with extremely awkward steps by human standards.

"Mayray."

There was no other name to be called.

"Battle doesn't help us. Even at this moment, La Enemy is collecting the five senses."

"Then what? Should we die?"

"That could be one way. However, Terraforce is a race that protects order. I have something to look forward to from you."

"then?"

"There is one way to temporarily lower La Enemy's Kar value. But the aftermath that will come upon your world will be considerable. It is questionable whether the representative of humanity will approve."

"Who is the representative of humanity?"

"... ... no."

That's why it wasn't revealed until the end.

"So it is decided here. Hexa, you become the representative of mankind. And I approve."

"I don't deserve it. I wonder if others will acknowledge it."

"doesn't care. Because it's not a human problem. It is the rule of the Supreme Court of Terraforce. Never use this method without the approval of the representative of the race. you deserve Decide."

Shirone looked back at the mayhem.

Everyone is killing the armies of the other world with tremendous force, but the numbers are still increasing.

'If I go on like this, it will end.'

Having made up her mind, Shirone turned her head and said.

"great. I will allow you."

"Approved. Yes, I will activate it."

Mayray, muttering as if communicating with someone, strode forward, emitting terrifying light from her retinas.

"I am the Supreme Judge of Terraforce."

A hand as long as a spear aimed at the world.

"From now on, I will begin to judge all mankind."

=======================================
[690] God's Pupil (2)





The energy of light shimmered from Maylei's thin and long body, and it was shot into the sky in an instant.

Following that pillar of light, she ascended to a far higher place and made a sign with her fingers that bent like rubber.

"What is that?"

While everyone was looking up at the sky, her incarnation grew so huge that it overturned the entire sky.



Terra Force Incarnation Art - Goddess Guan Yin.



A size comparable to Maze's incarnation technique that he showed when dealing with Satan in Heaven earlier.

A map was reflected in the huge eyelidless eyes on the fan-shaped top of the head.

"From now on, I will distinguish between your good and evil."

Terraforce is a race that protects order, and has the ability to collect and analyze all sounds in this world.

Just as humans cannot be discussed except for their visual function, to Terra Force, sound is the truth and core of this world.

And at this moment, all the sounds of the planet where Shirone lives were being collected by Mayray's ears.

"The wisdom of the Supreme Court. order of the law."

The light flickered in Mayray's eyes, and the same standards were applied to all humans living in the present world.

The numbers of good and evil were quickly tallied.



Line: 0 people

Evil: 8,724



Through the true power of God's frequency, the sound of over 3 billion hearts resonated and resonated in my head.



Yakma Republic.

- Only I want to be superior. I want everyone to look up to me.

- That guy is bad. He's pretending he doesn't have any skills. If you're like me... ... .



Simultaneously accumulating all over the world, the voices of the heart were sorted by the criteria of Justice Terraforce at a tremendous rate.



Line: 1 person

Evil: 278,687 people



Northern Eymond Republic.

- Mine! I'll have it all!

- Cruelly trample! If you make a mistake, you have to pay the price! my fault? ... ... what do you know about me



Line: 12 people

Evil: 4,562,479



Kashan Empire.

- I am a good person. Because there's no way I wouldn't be nice. So you guys are all bad guys!

-Why won't you look after me? I mean I'm a better guy! i'm the best! You idiots who don't know that!



Line: 376

Evil: 67,285,541 people



Mediterranean.

-Damn it. damn it damn it damn it

- What I think is the only correct answer. because i'm smart because you guys are stupid



Line: 1,225

Evil: 128,546,699



East Jungcheon-dong, Monk's Mountains.

- By abandoning me with all your heart... ... .

-Courage against evil is not to fight and win, but to immerse oneself in suffering.



Line: 21,318

Evil: 1,589,746,587 people



Gustav Empire.

- Make a mistake. So that I can mock you, so that I can be relieved. God, let the author make mistakes.

-I will make you suffer. It doesn't matter though. 'Cause I'm not sick



After the judgment of all mankind, the final score floated in Mayray's head.



Line: 48,893

Evil: 3,159,963,587 people



'Suffice.'

Those who passed the standard of goodness were not even 1% of the total population, but they still had a choice.

Are humans evil?

If so, how can we explain the 48,893 humans still left in this world?

As long as even one good person remains, humans cannot be defined as either good or evil.

Rather, as a being who chooses between good and evil, he will devote himself endlessly to the future of mankind.

"Humanity is still too early to perish. Based on the judgment of the Supreme Court, the case of La Enemy will be deleted."

As the incarnation of Daeja Guanshiyin changed hands and swung his arms around, a huge number of light sources overlapped.



Terra Force Incarnation Technique - Guan Yin Annihilation.



A clear, clear sound inaudible to human hearing spread toward the ground.

The law of weakening the power of evil by borrowing the power of good was transmitted to the entire world by borrowing the power of Terraforce's powerful incarnation.

The balance that can be restored at a ratio of 50,000 to 3.1 billion is not large, but it was powerful enough to erase the case of La Enemie.

"uh... ... ."

Chagall looked up at the sky with a blank expression.

The terrible memories that went back and forth between reality and virtuality gradually disappeared, leaving only the original memories.

There were no new memories to fill in the lost memories, just the time spent wandering in darkness.

"Aww! Aaaaaa!"

Looking at Chagall screaming madly in anger and resentment, Shirone guessed the seriousness of the situation.

'This is what Mayray said after the storm.'

Perhaps there were people all over the world who showed the same reaction as Chagall.

As La Enemy's memories faded, the Kar value he acquired through human experience began to decline, albeit weakly.

The armies of the other side of the world stopped fighting, and Igor and Warsiva, who were fighting fiercely, also widened their distance.

"this... ... What happened?"

"Barsiva, we are the masters of this world. You can't protect anything when you lose control."

La Enemy promised Warsiva the independence of the Underworld, but even that memory had already disappeared.

Igor turned to Shirone and said.

"We will go back. you do your job We fought together today, but next time... ... ."

Igor saved his words.

The existence of the underside world and the real human beings are destined to coexist from birth, so if this happens again, then war will be unavoidable.

When the army of the underworld retreated, only the terrible corpses and Shirone's party covered in blood were left.

After finishing the incarnation, Meirei came down to the ground.

"The case of La Enemie was extinguished. As the representative of humanity, you have an obligation to take responsibility for this."

"... ... Please tell me quickly."

I was determined to do just that anyway.

"But why do I have memories?"

"Kwanseum Annihilation erases everything that is manipulated by evil. If you are not manipulated, your memory will not be erased."

"Right."

As the case of La Enemy died down, the landscape of the other side of the world slowly began to clear.

The brain in the vat was released, and Mei-lei, who returned to the form of a girl, covered one ear.

Ra Enemy's voice was heard through God's frequency.



-Find me, Hexa.



La Enemy will not appear in the world until it reaches 100% Kar.



- I will be where you seek.



No more voices were heard, and Shirone checked the condition of the survivors.

Venezia died and Chagall did not appear to have left.

As Etela, Quan, Lian and Rufist approached Shirone, Meirei said,

"I will return. I do not know what kind of future awaits you in the future, but I hope you make the right choice."

Rufist said.

"Since you've come already, how about staying a little longer? It's not like La Enemy is completely gone."

"Terraforce protects the order of the universe through sound. It's just because Ra Enemy disregarded the order and manipulated the events of the universe, there will be no physical interference unless a cosmic event like this time occurs."

"Hmm."

Rufist neither affirmed nor denied.

The desire to use Terra Force for the kingdom of Tormia is like a chimney, but it was too dangerous to handle.

"Hexa, Terraforce recognized you as the representative of humanity. leave behind We will contact you if necessary."

As soon as she finished speaking, Maylei's eyes returned to those of a human.

"what? Where is this?"

Since she didn't know anything, Shirone and the others looked at her with blank expressions.

"You don't remember anything?"

"I think I was blown away by the impact of the explosion when I blocked the energy beam of the living flower... ... ."

'It's changed since then. I was completely fooled.'

Perhaps it will be classified, but Mayray will be accepted into the kingdom as the only one capable of communicating with Terra Force.

Ethella spoke up.

"What are you going to do now? La Enemy's memories are gone, but he's still in this world as a human."

Kido replied.

"Do I really need to find it? There would be no point in manipulating the case any longer."

The way Ra Enemy collects experience is on a scale that would have been impossible without being designed from time immemorial.

Shirone said.

"Still, the ability of memory of the five senses is useful. La Enemy might use it in a different way."

"Are you really going to find it?"

Rufist asked crookedly.

"You should have known about this? If you're not careful, you could turn La Enemy into a huge disaster. Humanity is at risk."

"I still have to find it."

"Why?"

"It's an ivory tower test."

I didn't mean to pass the exam.

"My thoughts are like an ivory tower. Even if humanity is in danger, we must fight to the end to drive out Ra Enemy."

'Is it Kar... ... .'

In any case, Shirone did not belong to the Magic Association, so Lufist could not stop it.

"Do it yourself. I'm going to live Maybe we can collect the seeds. I will take care of the mercenary group."

"I'm sorry about Mr. Jane."

"... ... She's not the only one dead. Don't contact me."

As Lufist threw herself away, Meirei also looked back at Shirone and lowered her head.

"I will also follow the president of the association. If you become an Ivory Tower resident, please visit us."

As long as Mayray was entrusted with Terra Force's trust, the relationship would not end here.

"yes. Take care of yourself and see you next time."

While Shirone was saying goodbye, Kuan limped closer to Lian.

"Hey."

The moment Lian turned his head, Quan drew his sword like a thunderbolt and swung it vertically.

The wind roared as the sword passed between Lian's eyebrows.

"You understand?"

"... ... Yes."

The afterimage of the flash of light, which contained numerous changes in the sword, was still left in the retina.

It was obviously a difficult skill to imitate, but I could see what Quan was trying to say.

"Practice."

It was a gift from the once-instructor to Lian.

"Oh, thank you."

Kuan didn't even answer and turned away, and Ethella said goodbye by putting her hand on Shirone's shoulder.

"Then, how are you, Shirone-kun?"

"Are you going back? Hey, haven't you paid the request fee yet?"

Ethella smiled and shook her head.

"I'm not here for the money. It's okay since Master's will is engraved on his heart."

"Are you going back to school?"

"for now. But... ... I don't know yet."

His hatred for Chagall still remained, and he doubted whether he could teach students in this state.

After everyone left, only Lian and Kido remained by Shirone's side.

At the end of the awkward silence, Lian looked back at Kido.

"Are you not going?"

"Uh, me? Gotta go... ... ."

The entire world is the stage for human activities, but Kido, a goblin, was just a sub-species wherever he went.

"If you don't have a specific destination, would you like to go with us?"

Kidou's ears were actually tempted by Shirone's proposal, but his pride didn't allow it right away.

"Hey, what are you going to do after following a human... ... ."

"But you can't stay hidden forever. Come with me. It will be fun."

"Is that so?"

Ryan readily agreed.

"Okay, let's fight La Enemy together. The more strong allies, the better."

I liked the saying that Kido is a strong ally.

"Kihehe! Good! Then, will this body personally lend its strength to humans?"

Kido struck a cool pose while brandishing a spear.

"by the way... ... ."

Radum's mission was thus ended, but heavy emotions still flowed in their hearts.

"Shirone, what is this world like?"

The mischief disappeared from Kido's face when he remembered how Ankera was born.

"I don't want to be sure. But maybe we... ... ."

Shirone looked up at the sky and said.

"Maybe I'm living in someone's dream."

=======================================
[691] God's Pupil (3)





* * *



Empire Kashan.

Uorin wakes up in a secret room in Aganos, the golden castle, where no one knows except for her closest aides.

Feeling the cool water bed, I turned my head to see Gando, who is biologically a stranger but mentally a son, reading a book.

"Are you awake?"

When Gando, who brought the water, held out the cup, Uorin stretched.

"How long has it been?"

"approximately... ... ."

Gando regretted bringing out the word approx.

"An hour and 42 minutes have passed."

"Hmm, it's been quite long."

After drinking the water, Wu Lin put on slippers and went down and passed Jiandao.

"You've been going in often lately."

It was Uorin, who has been spending time at Under Coder lately.

"fun. It's quick to become strong."

The program she linked to was a virtual reality world called 'High Gear' created by professional coders.

One of the most popular paid contents in Under Coder, you can enter by taking the Dream Star exclusive to the High Gear Code, and it is said that the price of one pill exceeds 2 million gold.

There, there are cyborgs who can modify their bodies at will and even have 100% mechanized work done.

"Is it fun to change your body?"

Gando, who had never encountered Undercoder, felt sadistic when he thought of human body modification.

"Because it is as strong as it is modified. It's a kind of competitive mentality."

Uorin grumbled, pointing in her ear.

"I need to upgrade the low-frequency detection function. Coming into stealth mode, it sucks."

I wanted to buy it with real gold, but the operators of High Gear were strictly cracking down on cash transactions.

"Well, if you buy everything with money, you might get tired of it right away, right?"

Gando asked worriedly, looking like he was really immersed.

"... ... What are you doing there?"

"It's just like meeting people and chatting, sharing information on items and mods, and fighting the other camp."

Uorin said as if she had just remembered.

"Right, did I level up this time? 260 levels. In short, it means that you can equip Magnan."

Gando did not know what Magnan was.

"Is that so?"

"Still, it will be difficult to get into the top 10 of the rankings. The top 10 characters are absolute monsters. In particular, the control of 'White Snake' is enough to be mesmerized just by looking at it."

Urin's ranking in High Gear is currently 17th, and her user code is 'Little Witch'.

Uorin, who was talking with excitement, pointed to Gando and said.

"Would you like to come along too? I'll give you full support. Our faction doesn't have enough raid groups."

It was the first time Uorin asked to do something together.

It was definitely touching, but Gando was rather bitter.

'Is it because it's fake?'

In reality, nothing could be shared with Uorin.

"Thank you for your words, but I will decline. I will help the Empress in real life."

Uorin blinked.

"yes? reality?"

Gando, who grasped her intentions, added.

"Of course, this reality I live in is also someone's dream, maybe it's all fake."

Thoughtful, she smiled and shook her head.

"No, it's not like that, Gando. You shouldn't think that this world might be fake."

"then... ... ?"

Uorin raised her index finger.

"This world is fake, it's the right way to think."

"FALSE... ... Say?"

Uorin, who was watching Gando's reaction happily, sat down on the sofa and crossed her legs.

"When you link to high gear, you can appreciate a level of technology that is far higher than reality, but not all of them were created by coders. It is to drag and use numerous modules floating around in Dremo."

These are skills that cannot be applied in the current world of Uorin.

"So there may be some clunky parts, but I don't feel the difference from reality. It's because it's a brain in a vat."

Only what the brain accepts as reality is real.

"By the way, High Gear has one interesting system. It's a service that allows you to see how your body changes before modifying it on the screen."

Uorin patted his head.

"It's called artificial intelligence simulation, and an incarnation with the same information as me appears and shows how to respond to various situations."

Gando was just listening.

"It's so precise that you can't tell the difference between me on the screen and me on the outside just by looking at it. The problem lies at this point. What would happen if I handed control over to myself on the screen and gave the command to create a new artificial intelligence simulation?"

Uorin opened her arms wide.

"The virtual world is created endlessly. The beings in that world will live in reality without even knowing that they are nothing more than a program. If so many billions of worlds have already been created... ... ."

Wu Lin asked.

"What are the odds that this place we live in is the real reality, the beginning of everything?"

Gando did not answer.

"Very few. It's reasonable to think that we too are the midpoint of a system that never ends. Maybe it's fake? You're welcome. This world is fake with a 99% chance."

Seeing Gando's face hardened as if in shock, Uorin smiled.

"Of course, there is a very small probability that this place might be real. It's a good way to believe and live like that. But I would like to suggest a slightly different way."

"what is that?"

Uorin smiled and pointed at the bed with her thumb.

"Never mind, let's go into high gear."



* * *



Shirone and the others quickly ran out of the concealed facility area.

Occasionally, remnants of the spectrum blocked the way, but they were no match.

Upon entering the slums of Radum, starving residents were prowling around like stray dogs, but the sight of them eased their tension and the party moved on foot from then on.

Kido asked again as he gazed at the shabby scene of skinny and boneless people rummaging through trash cans.

"I am a little disappointed after hearing what you said. While I was in Speedkiller, I thought I was living a better life than those humans. But if this world is also like a dream."

"It's not like that, Kido."

Shirone said confidently.

"Whatever world this is, the important thing is that I exist."

You live by breathing, you die if you don't eat.

"To me, this world is everything, and even if there is something outside the world, that is not the end."

"Hmm, is that so? Well, after hearing it, it seems like there is no point in worrying about it."

said Ryan.

"We survived the battle. It will be like that in the future. Everything we love is here."

Even life was of this world.

"right. That's why we're trying to stop La Enemie. Because when Ankera becomes a god, all the standards we thought were important would collapse."

"We fight to uphold standards."

Kido slung the spear over his shoulder and laughed.

"I don't know what it is, but it's great because it's grandiose, right?"



* * *



The core members of the Shirone Mercenary Corps each went to Brooks' mansion after their mission.

Since Jane had died, an association employee sent by Rufist was waiting and collected the Nemesis processed in the form of a ring.

However, the one Nemesis that Chagall took never returned.

Two days later, Kargin and Joshua, who had fled from Radum, found Brooks' mercenary broker.

Even when they were safely resurrected, they were worried about how they would lead their mercenary life in the future, but when they heard that they were the only ones who survived except for the core members, they were grateful for their cowardice.

Contrary to his initial expectations, Kargin felt relieved after signing the contract for the failed mission and leaving the front door.

"Ha, it feels like I was born again."

"What kind of senile noise are you talking about? The inspiration to be coffined in soon."

It felt good to hear Joshua's bitter jokes.

"Chuck! It doesn't. If you live, how long will you live? But this is the first time in my life I feel like this."

It was the same with Joshua that sprouted in his heart.

"I will go this way. Contact me if you have anything to do with money. We have to live by helping each other."

I had to earn diligently to pay the penalty.

"I was sincere."

Kargin said with a serious look.

"Aren't you going with me? If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have this life."

"it's okay. pretend it didn't exist Did you come back alive anyway?"

I didn't think that the feelings in Radum would lead to this point.

"take care."

Kargin grabbed Joshua's wrist as he was about to leave.

"I love you."

And he said it with a look that seemed to jump into Joshua's shaking eyes.

"Let's have our child. A beautiful child just like you."

Tears ran down Joshua's cheeks.

"really... ... Did you get old? Why am I with you... ... ."

There is nothing more important than living in this world.

"Aaaagh!"

Joshua jumped into Kargin's arms with open arms.

"I'm tired of playing. How much debt do you have?"

Brooks, who was watching from the window of the mansion, muttered grimly.

'Even if I get kicked out, it won't be enough... ... .'

At the request of Shirone, the mercenary commander, they were recorded as 'mission failure' rather than 'leaving the battlefield'.

Because he was heartbroken over Venezia's death, he wanted to pay a large sum of money as a penalty, but Rufist's words that the mercenary's work completely depended on Shirone's opinion were decisive.

Especially at the time, Lufist's planting was really not good, and even if he took out the opposite half, his neck would have fallen.

"Boss, Mr. Aria has woken up."

Brooks immediately turned from the window and walked to her room.

Arya, who had regained some of her complexion after treatment, was preparing to leave.

"Are you going already? How about a few more days off?"

"I have had enough rest. You must enter the royal castle. I have to write a report."

Perhaps Lufist was in charge, but she also had work to deal with.

The doctor said she needed to rest for a week, but her posture in the coat was undisturbed.

'What a wonderful woman.'

Who would have known that the meeting that started with playing with fire would light a real fire in their hearts.

"Thank you. I'll contact you."

Brooks blocked Arya's way to the door.

"for a moment. I have something to tell you."

"Do it later. I'm a bit busy right now."

"I love you, Aria."

"yes? what?"

"Let's get married. I want to share the future with you. And have a baby too."

Arya looked at Brooks with her arms outstretched in bewilderment, then turned away coldly.

"Raise the kid you have, human."

"... ... ."

There was a thud and the door closed.



* * *



The case in which the masters of the three wizarding guilds of the kingdom of Tormia died at the same time was a hot topic in the capital.

After disbanding the mercenaries and submitting police reports to their respective guilds, Shirone was able to set off on her next journey.

"Whoa, that's tough. Building a team is not an ordinary job."

Kido, who covered his face with his hood pulled down deep, said while mumbling food sold on the street.

"Because humans are a species that attaches a lot of meaning to death. In fact, when you die, you just have to eat it."

Shirone looked back at the lamb skewers with Kiddo.

"Even if you eat something like that, do you remember it?"

"no. When cooked in fire, memories disappear. It's not like witchcraft. It digests the memories contained in the cells of living things."

Lian looked back at Kido.

"Isn't that witchcraft?"

Kido, who swallowed the skewer in one bite, said while sucking his finger.

"What do you know? Anyway, where are you going now? I don't even know where La Enemy is hiding."

"I have something in mind. But before that, let's stop by for a moment. There is someone I really want to meet. I have something to ask of you."

"yes? who?"

Shirone smiled and pointed in the direction of the royal castle.

"The Mercodyne family."

=======================================
[692] Reunion Chapter (1)





The head of Yongleo is obliged to give the clearest and most rational answer to the king's question.

The types of questions vary widely from metaphysical to non-metamorphic.

Asking the secrets of the universe is embarrassing, but when asked what is the most difficult question to answer, Albino said:

"What would you like to have for lunch today?"

This anecdote shows how much the king of a country relies on the head of the dragon.

Therefore, it was not strange that the mansion of the Mercodyne family was located in the royal castle management area, unlike other nobles.

"Hmm, does that mean the captain of the dragons lives here?"

It was Kido who had been tired of hearing the word dragon torpedo since he was the commander-in-chief of the speed killer.

"Not the captain, but the chief. But it still hasn't been repaired. How badly did you collapse?"

When Lian jumped high, construction was in full swing inside the mansion, involving dozens of workers.

"This is the royal castle management area, right? Was there a civil war?"

"haha! no. Iruki blew it away. The magic you cast last in the graduation exam."

Upon receiving the butler's report, Iruki's mother, Arganeth, quickly crossed the garden and approached.

"Welcome, Shirone."

"hello. You are still beautiful."

Arganeth covered her face and twisted her body.

"Oh, that's a bit difficult to say. Now her husband is also on duty, so he comes in very late."

Shirone said with a smile.

"I don't think it matters much."

"Ho Ho! okay. Iruki-kun also went to work at Yongle. I don't even think about coming in because I look like her dad."

It was good to the eye even without looking.

"May I ask for your dragon mine pass? I also have something to talk about when I meet Iruki."

It was not a dragon that one could go to chat with a friend, but if it was Shirone, which was the core of the Radum incident, the business relevance was sufficient.

"I'll write you an internal pass. Irruki-kun is probably waiting too. Because the situation is unstable these days."

If you're the hostess of a Mercodyne, confidential information flows in like gossip, even if you don't want to hear it.

"thank you."

After receiving the pass to the inner castle, Shirone and the others crossed the threshold of the inner castle, which is the core of the castle.

Each Buddha building was built in a beautiful garden, and the people passing by were also nobles.

Shirone found her friend sitting on a garden bench with disheveled hair, staring blankly at the sky.

"Iruki!"

When I shouted in joy at the street where there was not much noise, Iruki stopped sipping tea and turned his head.

"Here, here!"

When he couldn't find Shirone because of the poor eyesight, he even waved his hand to announce the location.

Iruki, who had been watching closely with his head stretched out like a turtle, smiled and raised his teacup.

"Hey, Shirone."



Mercodyin Iruki (20 years old).

A rank-level researcher of the Yongleo, an advisory agency directly under the king.



I thought they would always be the same friends, but when they were reunited in society, I was deeply moved.

"I was waiting. 1 hour early come in."

Shirone tilted her head, but it was impossible to fully understand a human named Iruki anyway.

As Iruki crossed the corridor as if it were his own, the soldiers and officials saluted as one.

"It is also a dragon. Have you come out?"

"haha."

Iruki, whose eyes widened as if he had heard a scary joke, just let out a dry laugh.

Iruki, who took Shirone and the others to the laboratory, served tea and stared at Kido.

"By the way, this one? Excuse me for saying this in the first place, but have you ever heard that you look like a goblin?"

Kido shot at the joke that didn't work.

"I am a goblin! Isn't that my half-brother that I lost before?"

Shirone introduced himself.

"Hey Kido. We want to travel together in the future."

"Aha, the height of eating. The leader of the Speed ??Killers. Radum ranked 179th in the political ranking, ranked 7th in the armed forces, and the special ability is the taste of memory."

Shirone was surprised to see Iruki already spouting dragon-torpedoes, but Kido didn't seem to like it.

"My strength is only 7th? There was no sub-species other than Draker that could beat me. Humans also have very little information."

"According to that sham information, you are number one right now."

It was known that all the executives of the Spectrum, who were ranked higher than Kido, had died.

Kido, who had nothing to say, looked back openly showing that he hated this human, but Shirone was strangely relieved.

"It's still there. How are you today?"

A sigh sounded as if the ground would go out.

"A prediction, a prediction. My job is to collect data from the capital and write forecast reports on an hourly, 12-hour, and 24-hour basis. For example, Madeleine came in now... ... ."

At the same time as he finished speaking, the maid opened the door and came in.

"Iruki-sama, the convening of a lay-level researcher meeting has been scheduled. It is called an emergency."

"OK. I'll be there on time."

When Madeleine left, Iruki pointed to the closed door.

"Did you see it? It's like this. She probably has a 64.8 percent chance of having an upset stomach within 72 hours. There was an incident yesterday where the water quality of King Seong Bingo was polluted, and low-quality ice was supplied in descending order, and fruit shaved ice was served during dessert time today. And the result of my data analysis! She has only had two occasions in five years of not eating fruit shaved ice!"

As Iruki slammed the table and shouted, a pitiful silence fell in the lab.

"... ... You are suffering."

Iruki sat on the sofa and covered his face with both hands.

"It's not that easy to say. I checked Madeleine's medical records, water source reports, medical encyclopedias, and even personal observation diaries. Ah, why did we train so hard at the magic school? Big data or something, I want to sleep and die."

I thought it was a useless analysis, but all information starts from a combination of small things.

This was also a training that members of the Yongleo had to go through, and the higher the rank, the higher the quality of information handled.

With the top-of-the-line brains operating 24 hours a day, predicting the system throughout the kingdom and analyzing risk factors.

'The one at the top is Iruki's father.'

Judging from the case of Iruki, the quantity and quality of information handled by a mercodine albino was unimaginable.

"Cheer up, Iruki."

Knowing what Shirone wanted to say, Iruki leaned on his chin and pouted his lips.

"Well, if you do, good days will come. It's not just me suffering. At least it's better than Nade."

"By the way, what about Nade?"

"I work for the alchemy guild in the province. It looks like it went into a carrier tank, but they say the work is really hard."

"But didn't you say you were opening a store?"

"That's true, but when it comes to material costs, it seems a little lacking. He said he and Liz would save money together and open a small shop first."

"If it's for the money, I'd rather... ... ."

Although he was reluctant from a friend's point of view, there were many brokers in the world who would hire Nade for a large sum of money if he was good enough.

"You know, his personality. I won't use magic. I tried lending it to you, but they say you need to know the bottom physiology to become a merchant. That's not wrong. Because I am doing it now."

"yes. Everyone is working hard."

Seeing her friends living their best lives is probably the value of humanity that Shirone risked her life to protect.

"How about you? I read the Radum report in my father's study, but is there any chance of passing the test with this?"

"I don't know. So I'm going to ask you for some advice. Also tell me what I've been through."

Shirone briefly told what had happened in Radum, adding explanations about Lian and Kido.

"Hmm, in the end, La Enemy is extinct. It's definitely an ambiguous situation."

The condition for passing the test is to find La Enemy and safely arrive at the Ivory Tower.

However, the Ra that Shirone met was only an incident in the past, and now even that place has disappeared.

"Okay, I'll fix it. You can ask the person directly."

"yes? party?"

Iruki got up from her seat as if she had made up her mind and unlocked the secret safe under the desk.

"what are you doing? I am very anxious right now."

"Did you think I was just investigating an upset stomach? The good thing about entering Yongleo is that you can 'steal' the top secrets at will. Let's see, if you calculate the route... ... ."

It was the same as leaking in school and leaking in society.

"I don't know what you're thinking, but are you really okay? That's a violation of the Kingdom Security Act."

"Ordinary people do. Between the same department, it's just a confidential reading. If you get caught, you will be punished for exceeding your authority. OK, the calculations are over. let's go."

When Iruki put on the code and went out into the hallway, Madeleine, who was smiling and holding a fruit shaved ice, was startled.

"Oh my goodness! Where are you going? Meeting soon... ... ."

"Because something happened. Please tell them you are not attending."

"Plain ranks do not have the right to not participate!"

"Say anything and take it away. Oh, tell me my mom is giving birth to her second child now. I'm going instead of her father."

"Yes?"

Looking back at Madeleine, who was standing there with a blank expression, Iruki pointed at the fruit shaved ice.

"Throw it away and eat mine instead."



* * *



Around the time Iruki got out of the lab, the ministries of Tormia's castle faced a major emergency.

"Now we have entered through the outer gate!"

A first-class alert was issued, and the guards, fully armed, stood guard over the Grand Hall.

King Adolf of the kingdom of Tormia was sitting on the throne, but the queen was unusually absent.

It was because he thought of a case in which the face of the kingdom would be cut.

"I have entered the castle!"

Just the report of quickly breaking through the country's gateway brought anger to Adolf's face.

"Your Highness, shall we activate the magic control device?"

"Stop it. There's no need to provoke you. And anyway... ... ."

I couldn't bear to say that there was a high probability that it would not work.

"We have arrived at the royal castle!"

At the same time as the report, the woman's voice that shook the inside began to reverberate as it was amplified by sound magic.

"Don't look at my panties!"

"... ... yes?"

All the ministers, frowning at the roar, turned to the doorway of the Grand Hall.

"Cut your eyes! Control the optic nerve!"

A black girl strode down the aisle, holding out the symbol of the ivory tower, the star or tablet, and holding out a short skirt with the other hand.

A tall black man was following behind him, wearing sunglasses and carrying a huge yam sword over his shoulder.

"Don't look at my panties!"

At that moment when the ladies-in-waiting as well as the high-ranking officials bowed their heads deeply and stepped back to open the way, the girl came to a standstill.

Then the black man squatted down, stretched out one leg, and put his finger on his sunglasses.

"you! You just saw my panties!"

"Nope! Didn't see! I never... ... !"

"You couldn't have imagined! Don't even think about it! Before I rip out your brain and throw it away!"

The bureaucrat felt deaf as the voice, amplified to such an enormous size, shook the hallway.

'Damn it! It won't work if he doesn't show it!'

What kind of simbo is it to push her not to look at her while walking with her skirt up proudly?

"Just don't do what I tell you not to do! okay?"

"Yes! All right!"

The girl turned coldly and walked out the hallway, kicking open the door leading to the grand hall.

"King Adolf raise your hand! The Ivory Tower System Inspection Department has come to find out the truth of this situation!"

The guardsmen pulled out their weapons in unison, but King Adolf stopped them by slowly raising his hand.

"I am King Adolf."

The girl snorted in front of the promised ceremony and said while holding the star plaque in front of her eyes.

"I am an Ivory Tower 2-star resident, Byeolya Tsuoi."

His nickname is Black Mars and Harmony.

"And this one... ... ."

When Tsuoi pointed with his thumb, the black man sat down again with one leg outstretched and pressed his sunglasses with his middle finger.

"... ... ."

Byeolya Tsuoi's satellite, Carl Musso (Dog? Pig).

=======================================
[693] Reunion Chapter (2)





The king and other high-ranking officials had predicted the appearance of the Ivory Tower, but the pressure of success and failure being pushed right in front of their eyes was enormous.

King Adolf broke the silence heavier than a steel bar and opened his mouth.

"In the Ivory Tower, for what reason did you visit Tormia Kingdom? The Kingdom has never done anything harmful to mankind."

The corner of Tsuoi's mouth went up coldly.

"You know it gets complicated when you hear it with your own mouth, right? You'd better confess plainly."

Among the ivory tower departments, the System Inspection Department is most closely related to the situation of each country.

As much as he was involved in diplomatic difficulties, famine and refugees, and wars, it was common to meet the kings of each country, and as such, he knew how to deal with them.

"Of course, there has been a big incident recently, but it was just the execution of a terrorist organization that threatened the kingdom."

Tsuoi lifted her skirt.

"You have no manners. Peeping at a lady's underwear."

King Adolf didn't even look down.

"This is your last chance. If you harass me one more time, I'll make you a king or something."

The pupils of King Adolf, whose mouth was tightly shut, shook.

'What on earth are you going to say?'

The high-ranking magicians and royal guards guarding the king's side also had fire soaring inside.

'Damn it! Do you think we hold back because we're scared?'

No matter how strong the Wizard of the Ivory Tower is, if he dies fighting, he dies. There is no need to endure this humiliation.

However, it was not a matter of individual feelings, but a matter of the kingdom as a whole.

Even a single mistake in choosing a word would cost billions of gold, and if the day the Ivory Tower residents who stood behind the castle denied the kingdom of Tormia itself, everything would be over.

Adolf said in a softer voice.

"We have nothing to hide."

Tsuoi's eyes grew cold.

"You are not reaping the pretense. Let's see if you can do that even if you kneel in front of me."

At that moment, the door of the Grand Hall was opened hastily, and a group of people entered.

"Sorry for being late, Your Majesty."

The head of the Magic Association, Lufist, paid his respects in a informal way, and Shirone and the others who came in after him looked around nervously.

'That woman... ... .'

The first thing that caught Shirone's eyes was definitely Tsuoi.

A woman with black skin and curly hair tied up with hundreds of rubber bands.

It was such a powerful prayer that it would suffocate anyone who encountered it anywhere other than the royal castle.

"What are you?"

"This is Lufist, the head of the Magic Association. He is also in charge of the Radum Crisis. If you have something to say, tell me."

Tsuoi snorted.

"There are a lot of stupid people here, too. The ivory tower is non-negotiable. If you tell me obediently, I'll make sure you don't do anything insulting."

"What do you mean?"

"Anyway, the kingdom is... ... ."

As Tsuoi pulled up her skirt, Iruki, Kido, and Lian made dazed faces.

"What is that polka dot underwear? whatever?"

Kido pointed at it openly, but Tsuoi didn't react and studied Luffist's face intently.

"... ... ."

Then he suddenly turned around and waved his hand at the officials.

"Hey, did you see it? You can do it, if you do it."

The bureaucrats, unable to find anything different from Adolf's reaction, frowned in displeasure.

'What's different? Are you just ignoring us?'

"By the way... ... ."

Tsuoi turned around and pointed at Shirone.

"Who are you?"

Among the many people in the Grand Hall, only Rufist and this boy did not look at their panties.

"This is Ariane Shirone."

"Shirone? Ah, are you Shirone?"

If you were an ivory tower candidate, you could understand.

'I heard your fighting power is good. It went quite deep this way.'

Not seeing is a lot harder than you think.

This is because even the act of not looking at something is just a methodology for looking at something.

Therefore, it must be completely forgotten.

Just like you didn't even know there was a gold coin until you heard that it was under a beautiful tree in the back mountain.

"Arian Shirone?"

The bureaucrats whispered, and even King Adolf looked at Shirone, revealing his face.

'That boy... ... .'

He was a student who graduated from magic school with the highest score in the history of the kingdom, and a talent he had missed.

The pity was added to the fact that Tsuoi, who pointed the finger at the king, controlled the way he spoke to Shirone.

'The ivory tower dweller. I thought I was just being forceful, but do you know how to admit it to someone?'

Perhaps there was a certain level that Adolf could not enter, but it was not something to hurt his pride because the king was just a ruling job anyway.

"Okay, I'll treat you as a human being in particular."

Tsuoi completely turned to Lufist.

"Bring the seed of the flower right now. I will destroy it myself."

Lufist shook his head.

"Was it? However, the kingdom of Tormia does not have it. Because I didn't even pick it up in the first place."

Shirone's mind became complicated.

'I didn't collect it?'

After La Enemy was destroyed, surely Rufist went to the fallen flower to collect the seeds?

"Then where are the seeds now?"

"I do not know. It didn't exist from the beginning, or if there was, there must be someone who has it."

Tsuoi pursed his lips and fell into thought.

'Are these swollen livers?'

Of course, Rufist was telling the truth, but such a psychological trap was a scam against the Ivory Tower.

"You really won't regret it, will you? You know that avoiding the storm right now won't end, right?"

"of course."

Lufist lowered his head.

'This is a matter that cannot be reported even to the king.'

As Justice Terraforce annihilates Ra Enemy, more and more people are losing their memory in a specific section.

It is obvious that the Ivory Tower's attention will be focused on Tormia due to a global phenomenon called oblivion disease.

Therefore, it was an intention to hold out until the storm passed by giving up ownership of the flower.

"You rolled your head. I pray that today's decision will not turn into a disaster."

"That won't happen."

Tsuoi also guessed that there was a way to get it back, but it was a political issue from now on.

"Let's go, Musso."

As Tsuoi took Musso out of the Grand Hall, Iruki told the king.

"Sorry for the fuss, Your Highness. We will also leave."

The bureaucrats who had nothing to fear in the world shouted.

"what? Is Wangseong your playground? What's wrong with wandering around here!"

"sorry. But here, the president of the association... ... ."

"It's a pity that I got through the ivory tower safely. What else is that goblin?"

It seemed that the stress from Tsuoi was considerable.

"Stop it."

Adolf raised his hand.

"Anyway, didn't you come running to help Jim?"

Iruki chimed in.

"Exactly, Your Highness. Isn't there a saying that it's better to hit several falcons?"

The blood drained from Shirone's face.

'Please stop, madman.'

It may sound like a rude joke, but Adolf laughed cheerfully.

A talented person who will succeed the albino as the leader of the dragon.

One day, the day would come when we would have to stake the fate of the country on this young man.

"yes. You and Shirone are alumni, right?"

"Yes, he is the only friend in the world. He came to me today with an urgent request. In that sense, may I step down first?"

Adolf looked at Iruki and Shirone alternately.

'A friend... ... .'

I thought it would be nice if Shirone became the star of the ivory tower.

"You may go away."

"thank you."

As Iruki turned around, Adolf added his words.

"Ah, before that, I have something to tell Shirone."

Shirone said with an example.

"Yes, Your Highness. Please speak."

"Unfortunately, Jim didn't appreciate you."

There were times when I was frustrated in front of the barrier of status, but it was my own choice.

But when I heard that from the person in charge, I was heartbroken.

"Your Highness, I... ... ."

Adolf spoke first.

"On behalf of all the people of Tormia, I sincerely apologize for hurting your heart."

The atmosphere in the Grand Hall was tumultuous.

There's no way that he doesn't know that it's a political investigation, but something hot came up in Shirone's heart as well.

"Thank you, Your Highness."

Iruki and Lian, who were watching it, were more happy than Shirone.

'It's finally being acknowledged, Shirone.'

Of course, Lian knew better than anyone else that Shirone would not end here.

After leaving the Grand Hall, Shirone's party rushed down the corridor, fearing that Tsuoi might have left the castle.

I saw two people leaving the castle in the distance.

"Wait! just a moment!"

"what?"

As Tsuoi turned around with an annoyed expression, Shirone ran faster.

"There is something I want to ask you. About the criteria for passing the Ivory Tower Test."

"Ivory Tower Test? Oh, La Enemy? why do you ask me that? You should contact the Human Security Enforcement Department or the Balance Department."

Even though the world was on the verge of catastrophe, departments were strictly separated in the Ivory Tower.

"Still something... ... ."

Probably, among the three candidates, Shirone was the only one who encountered La Enemie in the case, so I thought that special rules should be added in the Ivory Tower as well.

"I really don't know. Because the standard of the test is the area where Taeseong-sama's kar works."

Tsuoi hesitated for a moment and then said.

"I'm telling you because you asked, but I heard that the other two contenders are already close to passing."

"Yes? Already?"

It was the point where less than a month had passed since the test started.

"What are you so surprised about? It's not particularly difficult, is it? Isn't she supposed to find Enemy and come to the Ivory Tower?"

'I can't be careless with this.'

Did he think he had achieved it to some extent because Radum's case was so big?

In any case, the ground task was to meet the standards presented by the ivory tower.

"I think you will receive the title of a star."

She said it honestly, but Shirone's inside was only bitter.

"Why do you think so?"

"First of all, it is overwhelming in combat power, and above all, it has destructive power in judgment. There are residents who point out Jin Seong-eum, but I don't like her character. It's stiff, but it feels like it's a little fast."

I could roughly guess what kind of person he was just from his expression on Kar.

"Do the residents even point out who will pass?"

"Sure. Not too long ago, I conducted a survey of the stars. I'm busy to death."

"A survey? What is the result?"

Tsuoi pursed his lips.

"Should I listen?"

"Yes. I want to listen."

I was anxious, but I couldn't help but come here and listen.

"A total of 27 people voted and Nane took first place. Because 17 people supported it."

"... ... okay."

"Second place is Jin Seong-eum. Nine people supported it."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Then I... ... You got one vote?"

Tsuoi patted him on the shoulder and comforted him like it was someone else's business.

"Don't worry too much. We're not prophets of any kind, we're just thinking that this person will be. Isn't it karma to push yourself through?"

Of course, I wasn't hurt, but I thought the percentage of votes was strange.

"So you thought I would be one of the stars?"

"right. But I don't know who. It's an anonymous vote. but... ... ."

There were rumors like this.

It was rumored that the person who took the picture of Shirone was Taeseong, the largest star in the Ivory Tower.

'Really? But he rarely gives a different opinion to Oh Dae-seong.'

"Just what?"

'Because it's not certain.'

Tsuoi shook his head.

"no. try your best anyway I liked you a little bit."

I hated people who looked at my panties.

"I will support you. Of course, the voting is over."

As Tsuoi and Musso flew away by space movement, Iruki approached, scratching his head.

"Anyway, it seems that you are the number one extreme job among us?"

"It's fine. Because what you lose is what you gain."

Although the progress may have been slower than that of the competitor, Shirone's Kar value was higher than before.

Lian said, putting her shoulder on the shoulder.

"We will win, Shirone."

The words of Tsuoi no longer remained in Shirone's head.

"of course."

=======================================
[694] Reunion Chapter (3)





While I was enjoying the view of the beautiful winter garden, Madeleine came running in a hurry from the royal castle.

"Iruki-sama! Iruki-sama!"

The fact that a rank-level researcher of Yongleo was absent from the meeting was a matter of attitude away from work, and Shirone was worried about Iruki.

"It's fine? Aren't you being punished because of me?"

"It's fine. I made eye contact with someone a little while ago. Besides, this is not a school. If they don't use high-quality manpower like me, they will only lose."

Confidence remained.

"What are you doing here? The dragon charge has been overturned!"

Iruki turned around and said.

"I will attend now. Aren't you done yet?"

"No, this is not a meeting!"

"yes?"

Madeleine shouted, raising her rabbit eyes.

"Albino-sama was furious to call me right away! I have never seen him so angry in my entire life."

A shadow fell over Iruki's face.

"I'm sorry, but I have to go now."

"no. I'm more sorry."

"Do not worry about it. If it's a father, there won't be any punishment. Shit, I was going to take this opportunity to rest for a few days."

Shirone's eyes widened.

Even at school, when class was boring, Iruki used to deliberately cause an accident and get suspended.

"You can't, on purpose... ... ."

Iruki cut off his words and turned to Lian.

"It was nice to meet you. Take good care of Shirone."

"yes. Have a drink next time."

Kido said.

"Be well, brother."

Shirone laughed because making a joke meant that he recognized Iruki's true face.

'Because I knew you'd like it.'

"Shirone, make sure you pass. I will be spying for good news."

Contrary to the relaxed smile, Iruki turned around and ran to the castle as if his butt was on fire.

Shirone looked back at Lian and Kido and said.

"Okay, let's set out too. There is still a chance of a comeback. From now on, we will be fast too."

Kido asked.

"Did you say you had something in mind?"

"yes. I'm thinking of going to Kashan."

"Kashan? Isn't that an empire?"

Since the taste of memories does not convey all memories, Kido did not know about the relationship between Shirone and Kashan.

said Ryan.

"You want to meet Therazze?"

"I'm a person who doesn't want to be in debt... ... ."

Uorin was not a easy-going person.

"Now that the situation has come to this, I feel compelled to use a card. Uorin would know about Ra Enemy."

"Then the next destination is Kashan. Let's see... ... ."

Lian unfolded an abbreviated map.

"The route from Basuka is Kazura Kingdom and Akros Kingdom. But Kazura closed the border... ... ."

There was no choice but to go through Acros, which went up side by side along the coastline with Tormia.

"In that case, we will arrive at Kashan via Akros, Marchen, and Jive. But is this map accumulation true? The distance from the Kashan border to the capital is farther than it goes through the three kingdoms?"

Kashan is the largest empire in the world.

"Are you okay? It would take two months to run without stopping by wagon."

"no. I'm not going to take the Acros route. Let's go to Kazra. From there, you jump straight to Kashan."

"Hmm, that way."

Uorin was the daughter of Orkamp, ??King of Khazra, and Theraze Mystra.

Diplomacy with other countries was severed after the paternity scandal, but that was proof that Kazura was under Kashan's sovereignty.

"There must be a direct channel through which you can teleport with Kashan in Kazura. It can save you time."

"But the approval won't go down. If smuggling is discovered, it could lead to conflict between countries."

"Orkamp will try to meet me."

Shirone's eyes were filled with sadness.

"Because the queen's son died in my place."

Guffin used the Prince of Kazura to eliminate the cause of Hexa.

"Right."

"It's about saving time, but I think it's important to tell them that your son passed away."

He must have tasted despair every day in the hope that his child might be alive.

"You were planning to stop by Kazura from the beginning."

Efficiency is talked about by mouth, but the latter reason is probably the biggest reason.

'So it's third place.'

Lian realized why Shirone only got one vote in the Ivory Tower vote.

Although Tsuoi did not reveal, she probably evaluated Shirone's curl like this.

Huge, but too slow.

'Because I'm trying to embrace everything.'

However, because she was such a Shirone, Lian also decided to entrust her life entirely to her.

'Whoever gave me one vote, I won't regret it.'

said Lian, who made the decision.

"Okay, let's go to Kazura!"

Kido raised his hand.

"Everything is fine, but how are you going to go to Kazura? Didn't you say the borders were closed?"

"yes?"

Ryan blinked.



* * *



"You want to go to Kazura?"

Arya, who was sitting at the desk of the Royal Foreign Office, asked back.

"Yes. The borders are closed, but I think there will be secret diplomatic channels."

"Hmm."

It was true that he had a crush on Shirone, but there was no room for emotions to intervene when it came to work.

"Does it have to go through Kazura? If you are going to Kashan, I can send an official letter of cooperation to the nearest country."

"It's late though. If you can't jump directly to Kashan's capital, it'll take up time."

And the only way to get to Kashan's capital was through Khazra for now.

"If Kazura and the channel are connected... ... ."

Arya took off her glasses and set them down on the desk.

"I would have lied. because that's my job But the reason there's no need to lie is because there really isn't. The channel is completely blocked."

It was the most honest answer a diplomat could give.

"Is there really no way?"

"There are three main ways to get to Kazura. First, cross borders. But the security will be ironclad. Second, a red line channel is used. Kazura is also a member of the Red Line, so you can go through the Magic Association. However, in this case, all countries under the Red Line will be able to track your movements. Thirdly, through the demilitarized zone designated by the agreement between the kingdoms. There are usually secret chambers between countries that are not open to the public. Perhaps the reason you found me is because of the third method, but even that is currently blocked."

"Mmm."

Shirone stared at Arya.

He told me all the ways, saying there was no way, but it was an issue that I couldn't bear to bring out of my mouth.

"The place where the Secret Chamber is located is only known to high-ranking nobles, so of course the security is loose. It's not that there isn't, but it's easier to pierce than anywhere else. However, if caught, Tormia will have to pay a huge amount of compensation."

"Mmm."

As Shirone's silence grew longer, Aria's eyes grew sharper.

"The location of the magic circle to the secret chamber is secret, but... ... ."

Aria, who took out a pen, sparsely wrote down 8 numbers as if scribbling.

Then, new numbers were written and inserted in between to create the ratio of circumference to circumference.

Shirone imprinted the first number written in her head.

'XY coordinates. It's the underground mountain range, behind the capital of Crete.'

Arya, who put down the pen, put it back on and said.

"Anyway, it's completely closed now, so no one comes around. Even if you go, it won't work if you don't know the security code."

Shirone was able to decipher all codes.

"okay. I have to give up on that method."

As Shirone smiled, Aria also relaxed her expression.

"Good idea. You'd better go through Akros."

"thank you."

"What do you do with this much? Don't pretend you don't know when you go to the Ivory Tower later."

There was no way he would give away secrets without any payment.

"Sure. I will definitely see you again."

Turning to that road, Shirone rode out of the royal castle in a carriage and landed at the outskirts of the capital.

After confirming that the carriage was leaving, Kido turned to Shirone.

"Do you know where it is?"

"yes. The coordinates are precise, so you should be able to find it easily."

Ryan asked.

"What are you talking about? Weren't you going to Akros?"

"... ... ."

Kido's eyes gathered like cross-legged.

"No, I'm going to jump to Kazura on a space-shifting magic circle."

Shirone explained while climbing the underground mountain range, and only then did Lian understand the situation.

"Right. Are you going to be some kind of spy?"

"If you get caught."

The coordinates Arya specified was a dense forest.

After clearing the trees that seemed to have been artificially planted, there was a secret passage that went down underground.

The reason why I couldn't go in willingly was because the stairs were covered with dust because no one had been in and out for over a year.

"Do you think it would be better not to step on it?"

Shirone also agreed with Kido's opinion.

"Magic using convection is always obvious. Let's go teleport."

Cirone, who grabbed Kido and Lian, turned into a flash of light and jumped down the stairs.

After going down the narrow and complicated alleyway without making a single mistake, Shirone arrived at a spacious place prepared on the 3rd basement level.

A huge magic circle was drawn, and an alchemy device to control the magic circle was installed on the wall.

The generator started and a complicated circuit surfaced.

"Can you?"

"yes. I'll try."

Carefully digging into the circuit, I saw a combination of cords rotating in the form of spheres.

'This is a firewall.'

When it was disassembled through the Ultima system, a starlight appeared at the point passing through all the circuits.

'This is the core code.'

The moment it was activated, a majestic sound resounded in the Great Cavity, and light rose in the form of a cylinder from the magic circle drawn on the ground.

"done."

It worked, but no one could have predicted what would be in the space connected to the magic circle.

"The borders on Kazura's side could be tight. Because things are different with Tormia."

As I moved forward with the worst in mind, Kido and Lian followed me.

"then... ... ."

Before he could utter a word, white light soared and moved everyone to the other side of the magic circle.

"... ... ."

It was a fleeting moment, but Lian interrupted the next words and looked around.

It was dark underground, no different from the Tormia side, and the difference was that it was inside a cave, not an artificial structure.

"There doesn't seem to be any guards nearby."

Kido looked around.

"Is that really Kazura? I can't believe it."

"It must be the border area, to be exact. It must be co-owned with Tormia. As proof, there is no device to control the magic circle. It must be a way to gather here and go to the conference room. Let's go out at once."

The cave was a natural labyrinth, and magic and physical traps were installed everywhere.

"... ... You seem to have come quite far."

When I calculated the coordinates, the cave had already been going on for an hour, even though I had never wandered.

"Shh, who's there?"

As I crouched down and approached Kido's horse, there was a huge space 10 meters below.

Twenty people dressed in identical clothing bowed to a man at the altar and begged.

"Great Terraforce god, guide our path through the oracle."

'pagan... ... .'

It was the Terraforce Church, also known as the Evil God.

"God gives me an oracle."

An old man in his 60s standing at the altar raised his hands, exposed his whites, and his eyelids trembled.

"Caromaropa, erodimer, uddyracnaom."

'Is it an oracle? Shirone can interpret it.'

Lian turned her head, but Shirone frowned.

"what's the matter? Is it serious?"

"That is not an oracle. You're talking nonsense."

"anyhow?"

The man's words were being interpreted through the Ultima System.

"Oh, boring. That newcomer is fine. I'm going to have to be that girl tonight. I have thoughts that have nothing to do with the oracle."

He was a cult among pagans.

=======================================
[695] Reunion (4)





The man pretending to receive an oracle spoke faster.

It was just a collection of sounds made by moving the tongue, but the effect was so great that all the believers shed tears.

"Um Sala Um!"

"Um Sala Um!"

Everyone was moved by the words of the priest, but Shirone's face rather heated up.

It was obscene and ugly.

"I saw a lot of guys like that before entering Radum."

The goblins who lived in the forest were well-informed about human cultist rituals.

"Usually after doing something like that, they do pretty promiscuous things, don't they?"

All the pseudo cult wants is to dominate and taste humans.

Perhaps a wizard who could use some magic, but it was enough to dazzle the eyes of ordinary people.

Ryan said, frowning.

"There are all kinds of people in the world. Why don't we just ignore it and go? A possessed person or a bewitched person... ... ."

"But there is also a believer who came in for the first time today."

It was something I had heard through the oracle of the pseudo-priest.

"Perhaps that woman in the last seat... ... ."

He seemed to be in his late 20s, and he was copying his movements and words with an awkward expression unlike the others.

"Ah, God Terraforce, please tell me... ... ."

"Emma, ??if you act so insincerely, the god Terraforce won't give you an oracle."

"Oh, sorry."

"Pray with all your heart. like this. God Terraforce, grant me an oracle!"

When a skinny middle-aged woman shouted, everyone prayed in a louder voice, as if competing.

In the hot atmosphere, the pseudo priest seized the opportunity to drive a wedge.

"Colonel the sacrifice!"

From the cave behind the altar, men in black hoods brought in a muzzled goat hanging from a thick tree.

The goat placed on the altar trembled, but the priest mercilessly cut its stomach and took out the heart.

"Oohhhh!"

Seeing even the blood in their excitement, the followers fell into a frenzy.

"This blood will purify us. Everyone, present yourself before God."

Both men and women began to undress, but even in her distraught Emma realized that something was going wrong.

"What are you doing, Emma! If you don't do it quickly, all the curses will rain on you!"

"But, Mrs. I like this... ... ."

Without exception, the followers who had devoted their bodies and souls to the pseudo-priest had pale complexion and skinny bodies.

To them, Emma was fresh blood, and everyone was applying silent pressure with their eyes wide open.

"Should I come?"

Shirone had the same thoughts as Lian.

"Let's cover our faces. just in case."

"wait. I have a good idea."

Having said that, Kido immediately jumped down.

"Better goblins than people."

Kido raised his voice and shouted because his sleek body didn't even leave a sound when he landed.

"Come in knowing where this is! You stupid people!"

The fanatics looked back and the priest's face was distorted.

"Go, it's a goblin!"

The fear that the believers felt in the already naked situation was great.

Of course, nothing appeals to goblins as much as naked humans, but looking at their skinny bodies with only their bellies protruding, I lost my appetite.

"This is goblin territory! If it doesn't go away, I'll cut off your legs one by one to taste!"

"The goblin's realm?"

It was half true.

It was a comfortable place to think that if this wasn't an area managed by the kingdom, I could find my own people.

"Eh, run away!"

As the cave reverberated with the clamor of the followers, the priest shouted.

"What are you doing! The god Terraforce will punish you!"

The power of the god dwelling in his heart stopped everyone's movements, and the priest took advantage of that moment to raise both hands.

"At most one goblin! I'll show you the power of the Terraforce gods! Oooooooo!"

All the torches stuck in the cave rose up and began to gather on the top of the man's head.

Shirone was still watching.

'It's nothing.'

Perhaps the area where the torch burns was the limit of the priest's spirit zone, and even though dozens of fires were combined, the firepower was low.

'A really poor wizard.'

That's why he couldn't belong anywhere and was pretending to be a pseudo cult.

"Die, filthy goblin!"

At the same time as the priest's arms were extended forward.

"yes? what?"

The bridge of the priest's nose split all the way, and two of his pupils were cut.

"Aww! my eyes!"

The fact that he couldn't even close his eyelids meant that he was that fast.

"Priestess!"

Seeing him kneeling and dripping blood, the hooded men drew daggers and charged at him.

"Is it loyalty? or not... ... ."

Is it the camaraderie that tasted the same pleasure?

All Kido did to greet enemies besieging him from all sides was to lay on his back and turn around.

As I spread my legs like scissors and stood up like a spring, those in hoods screamed as they held onto the severed parts of my legs.

"Ouch! My, my legs!"

Kido shouted at the followers.

"Fuck off! If you invade the goblin territory just one more time, I will throw you alive into boiling water!"

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Save people!"

The zealots, who were completely distracted, left the cave without covering their naked bodies.

"Anyway, humans are strange."

Kido, who had been watching with his tongue clenched, looked down at the crying priest.

"Since this guy is a bad guy, can I kill him?"

While traveling with humans, he decided to follow human behavior as much as possible, but Kido's standards were only this.

"Salvage, please save me. please... ... Please save your life!"

"sorry. I thought I would get angry if I ate it alive... ... ."

After killing the priest, he intended to find a way out of the cave by eating his flesh.

"Aaaaaaa! live people... ... ! Kuck!"

As the priest's body suddenly trembled, Kido, who sensed a strange energy, hurriedly stopped moving.

"See you again, Hexa."

Shirone and Lian jumped down, and the priest who slowly stood up opened his eyes.

It was impossible for human senses to lift the eyelids while the pupils were cut.

"no way... ... The Supreme Court of Terraforce?"

"yes. He borrows Lee Ja's body to convey his voice. Humans call it an oracle."

"Can anyone just come in?"

"Not really. You need to access the Terraforce channel, and that can only be done in a trance state. I usually use dreams. But this guy shows no signs of going into a trance state."

Shirone looked at the priest pathetically.

"The stronger the channeler, the more high-density spirit can be transmitted. Of all humans, Mei-Lei would be the most superior, but even such a human would be capable of small talk."

"therefore... ... Did you come in to chat?"

Is Justice Terraforce living a boring life?

"It's to let people know that any human connected to the Terra Force Channel can communicate with me at any time. This human's channeling was so weak that he succeeded only on the brink of death, but a powerful channeler could even take my whole mind."

It reminded me of the Kwan Yin annihilation through Mei Lei.

"You should tell me that quickly."

"It just passed Congressional approval. It also means that the Terraforce race recognized you as the representative of mankind."

"Hmm."

As Shirone was lost in thought, he heard a groan.

"Ah, ah... ... ."

Still unable to get out of her seat, Emma crouched in a corner, shivering.

"How about that woman? I mean channeling."

"Your spiritual sense is so lacking. You won't be able to hear my voice even in my sleep. Only this human can be channeled here."

'No matter how pathetic he is, is he a wizard?'

asked Emma, ??putting her hands together.

"really... ... Are you really a Terraforce god?"

"We don't have the word God, but we humans call it that."

"Well, then you must know everything about me, right?"

"My name is Emma. The biological partner of Adox, the centurion of the Kazura Border Guard. However, he betrayed the trust set by human standards and made a total of 63 biological relationships with Adox's subordinate Michelan over a month, and recently planned to poison Adox... ... ."

"stop! Please stop it!"

The fear of his own shame coming out of someone else's mouth was enormous.

"Please forgive me! I will live kindly in the future! Her husband drinks all the time, breaks things and hits him whenever he comes into the house... ... . And the affair also means that my husband started it first. Falling in love with that thirty-eight-year-old bar clerk!"

As the miasma welled up in Emma's eyes again, Kido clicked his tongue.

"This house is in trouble too. Well, that's what life is all about."

Terraforce classified Emma as evil too, but that's because they contemplate humans outside of life.

When you jump into the stage of life, only the emotions of the moment are vivid, but you don't know what comes first.

"I am not forgiving."

Emma was half insane.

"sorry! I'm really sorry! please forgive me. If I found out my husband was here, I would die!"

Shirone reassured her.

"Do not worry. I won't tell anyone. Instead of... ... Could you let me stay at your house for a few days?"

"Yes? Yes, yes! If my sins are forgiven... ... ."

He seemed to be mistaken that Shirone had that kind of authority.

Of course, seeing the miracle of Terra Force standing with his eyes cut, it was a natural reaction.

"What are you going to do?"

When Lian asked, Shirone turned to the Supreme Court Justice and said.

"Tell Orkamp, ??King of Khazra, that I have come. Through the oracle."

Kido slapped his palm.

"Aha. that way."

A kind of communication satellite.

If Shirone's words were received from space and transmitted to the followers, the message could be transmitted to any country in the world.

"is it? wait."

In the head of the Supreme Court with his eyes closed, the locations of the Terraforce followers all over the world were captured.

"There are not many Terra Force channels in Kazura. Even if there are, most of them are low-level channels like this."

'Isn't that too bad?'

Each believer became a base station, but compared to the number of humans, it was not many.

"I found the nearest channel. There is one Terraforce follower within a 1 kilometer radius of the capital of Kazra."

"A radius of one kilometer... ... . Are you a bureaucrat?"

The higher the rank, the more convenient it will be.

"He is a military officer serving in the Royal Guard. Being a Terraforce follower is kept a secret outside of your family."

"It's fine. 'Cause I can't help but believe First of all, send me the location of Emma's house. All you have to do is say Shirone asks for an audience. And... ... ."

Shirone chose his words carefully.

"Say you have something to say about your son."

The judge's eyelids trembled, and that was all.

"Transmission complete. Receiving the oracle will be after you fall asleep tonight. It will be delivered tomorrow morning."

It saved a lot of time, but Kido suggested a more comfortable way.

"How about going to a military officer like now? Can't you just write it on a piece of paper and get out?"

"Forced trance is an act of breaking order. Only Hexa, the representative of humanity, can summon me."

Shirone agreed.

"okay. Then I'll be waiting for the King's contact."

With that, the communication ended, and when the Supreme Court Justice's expression disappeared, the pseudo priest covered his eyes and screamed.

"Aww! it hurts! It hurts! Where is here!"

'He seems to have no memory.'

Mayray was like that too.

Those whose legs had been cut off had already died from excessive blood loss, so it was difficult to escape the cave without losing sight.

'Spirit Zone. But is it possible in this situation?'

Ryan put his hand on his shoulder.

"Let's go out for now, Shirone. Because there is nothing good about staying for a long time."

"... ... yes."

The screams of the pseudo cultist echoed behind Shirone and the others following Emma out of the cave.

=======================================
[696] Reunion (5)





* * *



As she descended the mountain to avoid the border guards, Shirone learned about Kazura's current situation.

The number of soldiers was reinforced, but their mental armament was rather weak, so I could see soldiers taking a nap infrequently.

The loss of the kingship will cause his self-esteem to sink to the bottom.

"That's the village."

It was a village with about 40 households, all of which were wooden buildings except for the government office.

Looking down at the scene of the village where the torches were hung, Kido said.

"I'd rather be in the mountains."

It might be a city, but to the residents of the mountainous backcountry, goblins were just monsters.

"Are you okay? If it is late, it will take about two days."

"What are you talking about? Goblins aren't as weak as humans."

Shirone and Lian are superhumans who have been trained through training, but most people can't match the physical abilities of goblins.

"Mountains are more comfortable. It's easy to get something to eat."

Human cooking wasn't bad, but the taste of raw meat soaked in blood was desperate.

"Sorry. I'll send a signal when someone comes from the capital."

"Because it's okay."

After swinging the spear, Kido's body seemed to turn sideways, and he disappeared from sight in an instant.

'If it's Kido, the guards won't find out.'

After finishing her thoughts, Shirone was about to enter the village, but Emma opened her mouth with a nervous expression.

"Hey, priest, what should I explain to my husband?"

If you bring two strangers, especially young men, into your house, you'll be outraged.

"Please introduce yourself as a merchant. Weapons can be put in rings. And I will give you an example."

Seeing the bag of gold coins, Emma let out a sigh of relief.

It was not a situation where money was in sight, but her husband, Adox, was a person who would sell his family for money.

When they crossed the barrier, the chickens pounced, and the dogs who smelled the stranger barked.

Arriving at the thirteenth house on the east side of the village, Emma unlocked the door with her key and looked around at Shirone and the others.

"Come on in."

In the 14-pyeong space, the kitchen and bedroom were not separated, and in the corner was a staircase leading to the second floor.

Addox, who was sitting at the table, fired.

"Where the hell are you wandering around!"

Emma's shoulders shook when her husband, who usually slept out like a meal, was home today.

"Honey, are you done already?"

Addox was a man in his mid-thirties with a wild beard.

"Are you talking nonsense since the sun went down? Do I look like a guy who drinks every day?"

Addox, who was sick from yesterday's hangover, frowned and asked Shirone and Lian.

"What are you guys? It's the first face I've ever seen."

"I am a merchant. Can I stay here for a couple of days?"

"What kind of merchant are you in a remote area like this? Maybe you guys... ... Aren't you a pagan? Blow honestly."

Recently, there have been reports of the Church of Terra Force approaching and extorting money from the residents of nearby villages.

"Haha, it can't be. Since it's a new guild, we're looking for a place to deliver goods. I will do market research for a day and leave."

There was no such thing.

"What top is it?"

"It's a bit clear. This floor is so sensitive to rumors... ... ."

"are you kidding?"

Shirone added hastily.

"Nade top. please keep it a secret I heard from Emma that her breath is strong here... ... ."

As he took out the gold coin, Adox's eyes shook.

'For that amount of money... ... .'

Misa, the barmaid, would have loved it.

'Take a close look at this, hmm.'

However, since he was a soldier, accepting the money given to him at once had room for trouble later on.

"The hardware store across the street is also a lodging business. Why don't you go there instead? Of course, it's a remodeled attic, so it's the same here or there."

Shirone realized Addox's psychology.

"Hehe, it seems that staying at the store is different from the upper class. Isn't this industry all like that? Please take care of the convenience."

"Still, this amount is a bit excessive, isn't it?"

"Since you caused a nuisance, shouldn't you have to pay a high accommodation fee? Think of it as the sincerity of a merchant."

"Well, otherwise."

Adox, who received the gold coin from Shirone, confirmed that it was an international standard made by the Red Line Currency Division.

"great. Treat them well, so they don't feel uncomfortable. I'm going to sleep outside tonight too."

Emma guessed Adox's destination, but in today's case, she had no choice but to let him go.

"Yes, please come in early."

Contrary to her lithe voice, Emma grinded her teeth from the moment Adox left.

"Bad child. I went to the younger brother again. They'll be throwing gold coins and making all sorts of bluffs."

I had nothing to say.

"Eat first. There will be some drinks."

As if it was difficult for her to keep her spirits up, Emma emptied all the remaining half of the large bottle of alcohol.

"Honestly, the only thing that woman in Misa is better than me is the number of times she has dated men! Her husband is stupid too, but that woman is worse!"

Faced with the complaining Emma, ??Shirone responded without showing any displeasure.

"Haa, it would be nice if my husband looked like half of the priest."

As she fell unconscious and hit her head on the table, Lian picked her up and carried her to bed.

"Are you okay, Shirone? I think it would have been better to wait at the inn."

The stake was that Emma's husband was a centurion in the Border Guard.

"Adox is fine. You can't start a lawsuit between countries with speculation alone. It is Emma who really needs to be on guard."

"but. Things get out of hand when Mr. Emma speaks up. So she told the Chief Justice that she would be in this house."

Because I couldn't bear to kill Emma.

"yes. You must never take your eyes off it until someone comes from Kazura Castle. If there is any sign of revealing even one of them... ... ."

"If you can see it?"

Shirone's gaze turned cold.

"I'll ask you then."

Wizards are cold-hearted people.

"... ... yes."

Shirone thinks she needs to be eliminated before she gets out of control, but it was also Shirone who couldn't turn away from Emma in the cave.

If possible, I want to find a way that is good for everyone.

'Walking a tightrope between ideal and reality. Is that a wizard?'

Just like Jane who had to walk while holding on to her heart to save Arya.

'It's a really difficult life.'

Even if he was reborn, he was Lian who thought he would never become a wizard.



* * *



the next morning.

Addox rubbed his stomach and went to work.

"aide! Miguellan!"

Michelle opened the door and came in.

"Did you find it?"

Adox, completely unaware of the fact that he was his wife's lover, said while pretending to hold up a cup.

"Do you have any honey left? Put some in and bring it."

"No way, did you eat again?"

It was Adox, who boasted that he would never drink alcohol yesterday and left work early.

Adox, who drank honey water, said while brushing his beard.

"Keuuu, I think I'll live a little longer."

"You went to Mass."

"Hey, don't talk. I had a windfall yesterday. It was an amazing night."

Adox, who recalled the night before, corrected his expression and said.

"Oh, and you, go to my house for a while."

"What are you doing?"

"Because it is strange. The merchants came yesterday, but they seem to have other plans."

"Are you a heretic?"

"Honey, have you seen the heathen spend money? Oh no."

Addox hurriedly shook his head.

"Anyway, take a good look. I was out yesterday I mean, check out what happened with Emma."

'A piece of trash.'

To think that he had messed around with the tavern clerk and had the adjutant watch over his wife.

"All right."

It would be good if he could see Emma, ??so Miguellan ran straight to Addox's house.

'That person is suspicious.'

The merchants Adox spoke of were noble enough to be believed to be aristocrats, and even handsome.

"What about Miguel? What happen?"

Emma opened the door with a surprised expression, but Miguellan didn't show it and answered.

"This is the centurion's errand. I have something urgent to tell you."

I wanted to say I love you.

"You have a guest. I'm sorry, but could you please leave for a moment?"

"Then I'll be on the second floor."

As Shirone and Lian climbed the stairs, Miguellan hugged Emma impatiently.

"I missed you, Emma."

"Why are you here at this hour? What are you going to do if you get caught?"

"Your husband sent it. trash guy. It looks like you spent the night at mass yesterday too. Let's put the plan we talked about before into action."

It was a plan to poison Addox.

"I can't do it. If we get caught... ... ."

"Do not worry about it. Nobody cares who dies in a valley like this."

The thought that God was listening terrified Emma.

"Believe me. We will be together until the end."

Michelan, who looked even more lovely, was about to kiss him, but the door suddenly opened and Adox came in.

"Emma! Merchants here... ... ! yes?"

Miguellan and Emma hurriedly dropped their bodies, but they couldn't help what they could already see.

"what? Why are you holding my wife by the shoulders?"

"Baek, why is the centurion at home?"

The gold coin received from Shirone was the problem.

Merchants around the world mostly use international standards, but Kazura's current border has been closed for over a year.

'Maybe he really is a heretic.'

He came with that thought, but at present, only anger toward Miguellan was in Adox's head.

"How dare you treat my wife!"

Miguellan held out his hand at the sight of his superior drawing a knife.

"Centurion! Misunderstanding!"

"Misunderstanding? what misunderstanding? Did you put honey on my wife's shoulder?"

"That, that... ... !"

Michelan's head turned quickly.

"Merchants! The merchants tried to rape your wife."

"What nonsense are you talking about?"

"Why would you lie? I was just trying to calm the frightened wife."

Addox, who rolled his eyes, asked with intent to kill.

"... ... Where are those children now?"

"There is a standoff on the second floor. I am trapped because I have sealed the exit."

Miguellan intended to take Emma with him when Addox ran upstairs, but things didn't go his way.

"You damn kids! Won't you come down soon? I'll make sashimi alive and eat it!"

Shirone and Lian calmly descended the stairs at the sound of the house reverberating.

Unlike yesterday, Adox's face stiffened when he saw that a huge greatsword was attached to Lian's back.

"What, what, you guys?"

Lian grabbed the handle of the big sword and asked.

"Shirone, is it now?"

"... ... ."

If Emma reveals the secret, Adox and Miguellan must be killed as well.

'Is it inevitable?'

Then someone knocked on the door.

"Are you there? I am looking for someone."

"Are you busy now! go away!"

The door opened, and a large old man strode in.

"Does this child listen to me with the back of his ear... ... ! yes?"

The moment he saw the seal engraved on the old man's armor, not only Adox but also Miguellan's face turned pale.

"King, troops directly under the royal family?"

Sensing the disturbing atmosphere of the scene, the old man looked around and fixed his gaze on Shirone.

"It's been a while, Arian Shirone."

I thought it would take a quick route as the issue was an issue, but it was much faster than expected.

'As expected, that person is coming.'

If it's nice to see Shirone, who has reaped life, he smiles and says to the person he's glad to see.

"Yes. long time no see."

It was Litney Walker, the captain of the Kazura Royal Castle's bodyguard.

=======================================
[697] Reunion (6)





A master swordsman who has mastered both practical combat and theory to the extent that he wrote the Beginner's Guide to Kazura Court Swordsmanship.

At one time, he was suspicious of Shirone and used the eye technique, Clear, but this time he couldn't even dare to try it.

'Am I really the boy of the time?'

I felt an aura that I couldn't touch even if I didn't have to bump into the energy.

'Ivory Tower candidate. That's why it's a pity.'

Rather, if Shirone had been the first prince, even the current Kazura would have been able to find a ray of hope.

After Theraze of Kashan took control of Kazura, national power rapidly weakened, and a sense of defeat prevailed among the people.

Can't beat Kashan.

The conviction that the kingdom would eventually fall broke the will of many talents who were devoted to the future.

On the other hand, what about Shirone?

Now, he appeared in front of him with a skill that could be compared with any wizard in Kazura.

"You've trained tremendously. You can't even be considered human."

Shirone expressed humility.

"You are overrated. I haven't accomplished anything yet."

"... ... is it?"

This was a private reunion.

Walker hardened his expression, knelt in front of Shirone and formally performed his official duties.

"The head of the royal guard, Litney Walker, is here. The King has invited Shirone to the royal castle."

The blood drained from Adox's and Michelan's faces.

"King, the head of the Royal Guard?"

Compared to the centurion Adox, it was no exaggeration to say that he was a figure at the edge of the sky.

The appearance of Kazura's best swordsman would have turned the town upside down, but it was a shocking event to bow down to Shirone.

'Who is that bastard?'

Shirone turned to Emma and said.

"I will stop. Thank you."

With the king's approval gone, there would be no more diplomatic problems.

'I have to send a signal to Kido.'

As Shirone headed for the door, Adox blocked the way.

"for a moment! No matter how precious you are, should you go on like this?"

Regardless of his position, if he let Shirone go, his honor as a soldier and man would be ruined.

"Respected captain of the bodyguard, I don't know who this is, but he tried to humiliate my wife. We will have to find out the truth."

Walker's face flushed.

To assert oneself in the face of the king's order was to clearly show Kazura's actual situation.

'no. This is also a sense of entitlement.'

Walker calmly controlled his mind, belatedly recalling Adox's words and frowned.

'He tried to humiliate his wife?'

It was an unlikely event with Shirone's personality.

"Is what Iza said true, Mr. Shirone?"

"Yes, it is true."

Telling the truth changes their lives.

Only they could tell which came first, so Shirone wanted to leave it as if she had been to someone else's house.

The thoughtful Walker nodded.

"Hmm, it seems that something is wrong. Stop leaving now. I have a carriage waiting."

Addox said with a bewildered expression.

"Wait a moment, Captain of the Guard. No, how can there be circumstances in raping?"

"Shut up, foolish bastard."

Feeling ashamed in front of a key factor in a foreign country, Walker glared at Adox terribly.

"If these were the days of glory, your head would have fallen off right away."

How poorly the borders were guarded, so Shirone was able to infiltrate the village so easily.

As soon as the snow skill pressing entered, Adox gasped.

"Oh... ... Kkeuk... ... ."

It felt like someone was choking me.

"Sah, live... ... ."

Right before losing consciousness, Walker turned away coldly and headed for the door, unable to hold back his anger.

"I will go out first and wait for you."

Addox slumped to the floor, and Shirone and Lian pretended not to see him and jumped over him and came out.

Walker's men pulled the wagon.

Originally, it had to be accompanied by a wagon, but since mobility was the key, the weight was reduced as much as possible.

Walker said in the carriage.

"The situation with Kazura is like this. She is too shy to lift her face."

It could not be said that Shirone had no stake at all in a situation where military discipline was weakening and pseudo cult leaders were setting up.

"Sorry for coming this way. However, there is something I must tell Your Highness about."

"Yes. I heard it was about a lost prince."

Shirone kept her mouth shut because she wanted to tell her directly.

"... ... Can I ask you one thing?"

"Please speak."

"When the conversation between Your Highness and Shirone is over, could there be a situation where I have to draw my sword?"

Shirone intended to tell Orkamp the truth.

That your son died in place of Hexa.

"perhaps... ... I think that might be the case."

"okay."

Walker raised his eyebrows, which had turned white.

"At that time, I will do my best. Please understand."

Ryan's eyes sank into the abyss.

'That will never happen.'

Kido had already come down from the mountain and was waiting.

Arriving in the city by carriage, the party jumped to the capital of Kazura through the space movement magic circle of the Magic Association.

Only the bodyguards were waiting, as if the bureaucrats thought it was a matter of no good.

Walker arrived at the civil war following a secret route and inspected the weapons of Shirone and the others.

'I want to disarm, but... ... .'

He would probably refuse, and he wouldn't be able to get through.

In any case, since the matter was not approved, Walker reported to Orkamp beyond the door.

"Your Highness, Shirone-nim has arrived."

"Stop by."

The door opened and I saw Orkamp and Eliza sitting side by side on chairs on the podium.

'You must have gotten very emaciated.'

The aura of the royal family was just an illusion expressed through titles, and the king and queen of Kazura no longer shone.

"Hello, Your Highness. This is Ariane Shirone."

Orkamp's eyes were half-closed in a different temperament than before.

'He's become a completely different person.'

Even in front of the king of a country, far from showing any nervousness, only the will to achieve the goal was conveyed.

"The soldier said he heard you through a dream. I was dubious at first, but it seems to be true."

It seemed that the oracle of Terraforce had been delivered properly.

"Sorry to startle you. I have come because I have something I really want to tell you."

Orkamp waved his hand before listening.

"Everybody stay out."

As the aides left the civil war and the door closed, Eliza pulled out her neck and asked, as if she had been waiting.

"You mean you were looking for our son?"

"Yes, I found it."

Eliza's face went into shock because she hadn't expected it that far.

"Jung, really... ... my son... ... ."

Since there was no turning back from now on, Shirone's eyes also became cold.

"I found it, but I couldn't bring it to you. The queen's son is no longer a man of this world."

"What, what?"

Shirone confessed everything.

Obviously, only the facts were conveyed, but the language was distorted and processed in the heads of the two, and it sounded like a story from another world.

Orkamp asked in a strained voice.

"So, my son died... ... will?"

"Nope. It is not like that."

Shirone took a step forward and knelt down.

"Shirone! What are you doing?"

Lian and Kido looked back with surprised expressions, but Shirone had already made up his mind.

"The prince is not just dead. He was sacrificed instead to save me."

Silence fell over the civil war.

'Shirone... ... you.'

Orkamp grabbed the chair.

'How can you be so cold? How can you be so cruel!'

It was something I didn't have to say.

If the parents' feelings were taken into consideration, it would have been enough to just tell them that their son was dead and leave.

'It must be that he doesn't want to leave any remorse behind him. It must be that he wants to shake it all off and leave!'

Shirone raised her head.

"You may take revenge. You can also punish them. If it is something I can afford, I will gladly accept it."

"Why eh eh!"

Eliza screamed with a ghostly face.

"Why are you! Why! Why! What the hell are you!"

As she shouted in a posture of vomiting something, the blood vessels burst in her eyes and the sound of blood boiling in her throat was heard.

"I will kill you! I will kill you horribly!"

As Eliza raised her claws and jumped out, Lian and Kido grabbed their weapons.

"Walker!"

Orkamp's voice slammed the door, and the most elite bodyguards rushed into the civil war.

"Protect Your Highness!"

Walker, who finished grasping the situation in an instant, rushed towards Shirone.

'It must be killed.'

There is nothing more important than the safety of the king.

"Wow!"

Lian twisted and pulled out the great straight sword.

The swords of the two collided, and the brute force pushed each other and slid across the floor.

"Big!"

As Lian lowered his stance and aimed his sword, the walker stopped charging and held out his sword as if crossing it.

"Pooh woo woo."

We could know each other's capabilities just by working together.

'It's a tremendous power.'

Kido glared at the guards surrounding him one by one and swung his spear dazzlingly.

"huh! Come on, come on."

Shirone said in a calm voice.

"Kiddo, Lian. stop. Drop your weapon."

"no. I can't."

When Lian refused, Kido, who had lowered his spear halfway, hurriedly regained his fighting stance.

"It's fine. don't want to fight Drop your weapon."

Like Shirone, Lian was determined.

"no. I will protect you."

Shirone frowned and shouted.

"get off!"

It was the only way to put out Lian's fire, but even so, Lian kept her mouth shut.

Caught between the two, Kido looked left and right with startled eyes and asked.

"What, what? How to? Decide quickly."

Shirone spoke calmly again.

"Lian, you decided to listen to me. It's an order. Drop your weapon."

"Then get up from your seat. Then I'll get off."

"... ... ."

Shirone also did not break his stubbornness.

"Shirone, you have no intention of defending yourself right now. And they are against you. I can't lower my sword Punish me when I leave this place."

Kido, who judged that Lian's words had some truth, snorted and gripped the spear even more tightly.

"Lian, I have no cause."

Ryan's eyes twitched.

"My roots are not in me, but in the prince of Khazra. The prince died in my stead. This is the starting point of my life."

'Damn it!'

Ryan bit his lip until it bled.

"If I can't shake everything off here... ... I don't think I can go any further."

As reason and emotion collided, the sound of the handle of the great straight sword being crushed was heard.

'What are you saying to me!'

Leaving Shirone behind his back and lowering his weapon in front of a master swordsman who was clearly intent on killing was an impossible order.

'Yes, I can't get off.'

Walker had to protect the king as well.

At that time, when the masters, who had surpassed the common people, looked at their opponents without even blinking, Orkamp gave an order.

"Walker, that's enough."

Walker, who was glaring at Lian with bloodshot eyes, weakly nodded as if to send a signal.

'It will come down at the same time.'

The reaction speed of those in the civil war was the same as that of human arrows, and if it went off even once, it was a major disaster.

The two lowered their arms as they observed each other with the greatest concentration of their lives.

The moment the two swords hit the floor, the atmosphere that seemed about to explode disappeared like a lie.

"Whoa."

As the bodyguards followed the captain to withdraw their weapons, Kido took a deep breath and straightened his back.

'It's really tiring to go around with humans.'

It was a short confrontation, but it felt like a full-on battle.

=======================================
[698] Reunion (7)





Eliza trembled at the situation that did not go her way.

"You, how dare you... ... ."

I couldn't even fathom what it was like.

This is because the world doesn't teach you how much anger you should be in front of the death of a child you don't even know.

However, the resentment of having to live as a criminal for 20 years was enough to kill Shirone.

"sorry. I will do anything to make up for it."

Orkamp's eyebrows twitched when the word reward came out of the mouth of a person with a 1/3 chance of becoming a star.

However, Eliza had already lost her reason.

"die. That's the only way you can compensate."

"That doesn't work. It is true that the prince died in my place, but it was not my will."

"Walker! What are you doing! It's a prince killer! Kill!"

When Walker did not move, Orkamp stepped out.

"How about something like this? There are things scarier than death. It is to put them in a dungeon."

It was a prison mainly for political prisoners, and it was a place where extraordinary torture was carried out.

"If even this is refused, I have no choice but to use a violent method."

Shirone confirmed Orkamp's eyes and nodded.

"All right."

As Shirone and the others followed Walker to the door, Eliza cursed.

"I will torture you horribly! I will never forgive you!"

Walker closed the door as if to block out the queen's voice and walked down the hallway with a gloomy expression for a while.

'Has Kazura become this powerless?'

No, Shirone has become stronger.

"Isn't that too cruel?"

"What?"

Shirone's cold question made Walker realize that he couldn't ask for anything.

"Your Highness is an outstanding politician, but he is definitely a human being. perhaps... ... It may be a little late."

It was timid revenge, but Shirone's expression did not change.

"does not matter."

When I went down to the third basement floor, I could smell the stench before I even opened the door.

Cells had been set up along the dark prison road, and groans could be heard from within.

"Even if it is only for one year, there is no need for torture. 'Cause I'm going crazy All you have is a broken body."

Walker, who had chosen a neat wooden prison, opened the door, and Shirone, Lian, and Kido entered one after another.

"then... ... I hope to come back."

Kido opened his mouth only after Walker had left.

"Shirone, what are you thinking?"

"Sorry. It won't take long."

"I know. In order to jump to Kashan, the King of Khazra must give permission. But Orkamp would have made a deal. He didn't have to suffer in the dungeon."

"Not just to go to Kashan. Like I said to Lian, I won't be able to shake it off if it's not now."

Then I heard laughter from the prison across the street.

"Hehe, you finally came. I knew it would."

The madman was holding on to the prison frame and opening his mouth.

His face was as skinny as a skull, his hair was sparse, and his upper and lower front teeth were all missing.

In the midst of the terrible appearance that could not be considered human, Shirone found a familiar feeling.

"Zion?"

Theraze's son and Urin's older brother, Ji-on, was imprisoned in an underground prison.

"Were you here?"

"Yes, I was here. Because my sister, no, that monster has locked me up here. Uorin sent you too, right?"

I knew the truth of Uorin through Gaold in the Heaven Project and Miro who took me out of the moratorium, but the memory of actually meeting him was only his fresh appearance during the paternity confirmation commotion.

"You really locked your older brother here?"

"Puhahaha! real brother? Bullshit. It's all bullshit! To the witch, humans are just livestock! Use it when you need it, throw it away when you don't need it! You better look forward to it. Since you were abandoned by the witch, you will live a miserable life like me. Hee hee! Hee hee hee!"

Just by looking at Ji-on's upturned eyes, I could tell that he was already crazy and out of his mind.

"I will watch you suffer! Right next to you!"

"Who is making noise!"

When a voice was heard in the darkness deep in the prison, Ji-on hurriedly backed away and hit his butt.

"Ahhh... ... ."

The fact that it was the voice of the one who drove Ji-on crazy could be known just by looking at the reaction.

The man was covered in bloody scaffolding, and his pupils were farther from normal focus.

The skull was exposed where the hair was missing, and even gray matter was visible through a hole the size of a coin.

"Your brain is literally contaminated."

Kido said it was not a big deal, but Ji-on drooled like a conditioned reflex and trembled in fear.

"Kekeke, is there ever a time when my cutie is looking for me? I'll stop the noisy throat."

Unfastening his belt, he entered the prison and grabbed Ji-on by the hair and dragged him into the dark shadows.

"no! Hate! no!"

The desperate screams suddenly ceased, and after a while the torturer came out of the prison again.

"Hehehe, for a while... ... yes?"

After confirming that a freshman had entered the prison across the street, he approached, flicking his tongue.

"Hoo? What are these again?"

It was electrifying to meet Shirone's hateful eyes.

"Hehe, what about this place, once you enter, you can never leave?"

The torturer who unlocked the door opened it and entered.

"The intensity of the torture that day depends on how much you please me. So... ... ."

He pulled out the iron tongs from his pants and reached out to Shirone.

"Let's pull out a tooth."

As soon as his hand landed on Shirone's shoulder, Lian jumped out and punched the torturer in the face.

The chunk flew off with a bone-breaking sound and slammed into the frame of Zeon's prison.

Shirone spoke without even looking at the torturer.

"Thank you, Lian."

"It's my job."

Lian, who returned to her seat, added.

"I will protect you."

Kido's eyes widened in front of Shirone who did not use his hands until the end and Lian's stubbornness to protect such Shirone until the end.

'Both of them are jingling.'

As night fell in time, Lian's snoring reverberated through the dungeon.

"You're really insensitive."

Kido clicked his tongue at the sight of him sleeping in a place where even goblins didn't want to stay for long.

"Shirone, why don't we make up with each other?"

Shirone smiled.

"I never fought. Ryan wouldn't think so either."

"Still, disagreements are not good. It's not that I'm on the side, but there's a line that even Lian can't concede."

"Know. So, I do as I please."

"yes?"

"If Lian is the one conceding to me, I will not be able to judge her soberly. You will care."

"Hmm, is that so?"

"Even if Lian wasn't by my side, I would have done the same thing as before. But... ... ."

Shirone stuck out his tongue.

"Because Lian was by my side, I can be safe."

Shirone and Lian weren't in a relationship that took advantage of each other.

"I thought humans had a really hard life."

Kido put his arm on the wide open prison frame.

"It's kind of fun, and it's complicated too."

Ryan rubbed his stomach and rolled over.

"I am hungry... ... ."

"ha ha ha."

While appetite overwhelms sleep, Lian opened her eyes.

"what? Are you here already?"

Shirone was already feeling it.

I hear a door open and a walker approaches with a torch.

He didn't even look at the fallen torturer, and he didn't care that the door was wide open.

"Come out. Your Highness is calling."

"The thing to come has come. Let's go."

Lian stood up with a large straight sword.

"Pretending to wait while sleeping... ... ."

After waiting for about 10 minutes in the panic room, Orkamp sat across from Shirone with the box.

"Was it worth it?"

"Thanks for caring. I was surprised that it was faster than expected."

After all, isn't it the enemy of the child?

"If you have to yield anyway, make sure to yield, my iron rule. And I can't give you what you want."

"What do I want?"

"You must want to go to Kashan."

Calculated, there was no reason to stop by Kazura other than that.

"But jumping is impossible. It's nominally ruled by the Kashan, but it seems to have hatred."

"okay."

I thought there was no possibility of that.

"Give me this instead."

Orkamp held out the box.

"Uorin, no, Teraze left Kazura before leaving. He told me to give it to you."

Shirone inspected the box with only her eyes.

'Mitochondrial Eve. What is the intention?'

After receiving the box, Shirone raised her head and asked.

"What about the queen?"

"not good. But eventually you'll forget it. Because it's not a memory that makes you happy. She is that kind of woman."

Orkamp was frank.

"Actually, I don't even know if there really was such a thing as a son. Still, wouldn't the heart of the woman in her stomach be a bit different? She makes you understand."

After finishing his business, Orkamp stood up from his chair.

"Leave Kazura as soon as you feel comfortable. And if you meet Theraze... ... ."

"I will ask for the sanctions to be lifted."

As Orkamp nodded and left the panic room, Kido and Lian leaned toward the box.

"what? what did you entrust? Could it be an object?"

Armand was also given by Uorin.

"Well? No more debt... ... ."

When I opened the lid, there was a small iron box with a familiar pattern engraved on the surface.

"Henna."

In the language of angels, it could contain unique laws.

"It is sealed. Can it be unlocked with the Immortal Function?"

Lian recalled the memory of Shirone unsealing Tess's drone when she went to heaven.

"yes. But I do have a bit of a flimsy feeling."

When I opened the immortal function, the henna worked with a red light.

"Also... ... ."

The law of henna contained a security circuit.

"It's a one-on-one response. You can never solve it."

If someone wrote the number 7653, no one but the person concerned could know what it meant.

"But with the Ultima system, it's possible."

Shirone, who was about to enter the code, suddenly raised her head.

"Huh, Ultima?"

"what's the matter? It is clear that I entrusted it to you."

"Uorin said he gave it to Kazura before he left. It was when I didn't realize Jikji at the time."

"Hmm, I see... ... ."

"Thus, I left it to the Great Purifier. In other words, it's an incident that didn't happen in the second reset."

"It's a bit embarrassing. can i believe If you hear in prison, they say you're a witch."

"Let's break the seal for now."

When Shirone entered the code, the armor of the henna came off and the contents came out.

It was a familiar mechanism.

"Metagate. Why this?"

said Ryan.

"Isn't it about La Enemie? You want me to go to heaven and find it?"

"No, maybe it's not new. You may have already memorized certain coordinates."

Kido slapped his palm.

"Kashan!"

"It could be, but... ... ."

They said witches and monsters.

"Maybe it is a very terrible place."

Lian made a decision while the three looked at the metagate like a monster for a while.

"Let's go. Is there no choice but to go and see?"

When the device was activated in a large area, the box opened and a huge black sphere distorted space-time.

"Is it heaven or hell? Is it hell or heaven?"

Hearing Kido's ominous spell, Shirone pushed herself into the dark space.

My vision darkened, and soon the white light of broad daylight, not the gloomy torches of the Panic Room, gripped my retinas.

'Here?'

With half-closed eyes, I could see the endless marble floor and the dozens of windows that let in sunlight.

And under the window, a beautiful white-haired girl stood with her hands behind her back.

'I don't know, Kido. Whether it's heaven or hell.'

It was an honest impression of Shirone when he arrived.

"yes? who is this?"

Sensing the presence, the girl turned around and saw Shirone, wide-eyed and laughing.

"oh?"

It was Theraze Uorin, the Empress of Kashan.





(end of volume 28)

=======================================