
[724] Face Off (1)





Labyrinth Andre - World No. 283.



Shirone suddenly realized.

'Immortal function.'

The solution to the problem that I had been thinking about for days was permeating through the circuit of insight.

The only way to break Andre's seal was to open up this world by expanding his mind to infinity.

'But... ... Why should I?'

What is the difference between suicide and suicide?

"We are! today! hard! It works!"

Worker ants emitting cheerful pheromones were carrying food in rows as far as the eye could see.

At Queen Garnet's suggestion, Shirone was also on the move carrying the flesh of dead insects.

"Shirone, don't you enjoy working?"

The worker ants that overtook the heat turned to Shirone, who was lost in thought, releasing pheromones.

"Yes, of course."

Wiping the sweat, Shirone smiled.

"It's not good to be preoccupied with thoughts. Because when you get lost in thoughts within your thoughts, you lose sight of what really matters."

"What really matters? what is that?"

"Well, maybe that's why you're thinking?"

"... ... ."

As Shirone stopped walking and blinked, the worker ant continued to speak while shaking off the soil.

"When you actually encounter something, you find that it's not quite what you thought it would be. Sometimes not thinking is the answer."

'Thoughts in thoughts... ... .'

The nature imprinted in the genes of minor creatures contained their own definition of cowardice.



-Garnet Colony is not complicated.



The Queen's words echoed in my head.



"Thank you for your hard work today!"

Arriving at the Garnet Colony after finishing her day, Shirone washed herself in the drinking water cellar.

It's unusual for ants that communicate with pheromones, but Shirone was a human.

'I worked hard, so maybe I can use a little bit.'

After wiping off the soil and going down to the basement of the colony, noble ants were occupying the alley.

All of them were male ants, and they were full of hostility toward Shirone, who was resting in the territory of the princess ants.

"Can you get out of the way?"

As Shirone advanced, he could feel the web of murder they had spread on his skin.

Darane, who had a bad first impression, stood in the way.

"Do you think you get special treatment? You're welcome. You are the plaything of princesses. The moment you get tired of it, it becomes food."

Whenever she comes into contact with a wild life that lacks humanity, Shirone knows where she is.

'It's just acting according to nature.'

So I can't blame them.

"Get out of the way. I understand how you feel, but I'm a different species. I have no reason to argue with you guys."

"You know what? It's getting difficult to procure food for the Garnet Colony right now. It's because the army ants have expanded their territory."

"therefore?"

Darane's chin was aimed at Shirone.

"I want to see how rich human nutrients are. Because that is the role of nobles."

There were already frequent local wars, and the aristocrats who had to inherit the descendants were extremely sensitive.

'There is nothing insignificant, but... ... .'

Shirone's life was not insignificant.

"Move. I am the Queen's special guest. Would that have been the order?"

"Even in peacetime. If the exhibition... ... ."

The pheromone of the 13th night erupted from behind the noble ants when Darane opened his jaw like a pair of scissors.

"Stop it."

The male ants, who were offended by that alone, looked back and saw that the 13th night was exuding a vicious energy.

Darane pushed the nobles away and approached.

"Have you given orders to the nobles? Do we look easy enough just because we wander around the battlefield?"

On the 13th night of winning the local battle today, countless wounds were engraved on the body.

"This is an advice for Daranne. That human is the Queen's guest, and above all else, he is the strongest."

It meant that the aristocrats who had never experienced combat were no match for them.

"huh! Is it because you use the same thing? That means I have to obey you too."

"Don't misunderstand. This is the message from Princess Merott. He told me not to have any inconvenience in staying."

If Merott, the first in the princess hierarchy, had delivered, the nobles would not have been able to lay a hand on Shirone.

"Good. Why don't you hurry up and fawn?"

Following the path opened by Darane, Shirone descended underground and sighed as she left the aristocratic area.

"thanks. Thanks to you, I avoided a fight."

A soldier is an existence that follows the orders of a nobleman, but on the 13th night, he was an ant who realized the art of incarnation.

"The herpes of the army ants is not serious. The atmosphere is messy. Be on your own for the time being."

When the 13th night went away and we arrived at the inn, a completely different hospitality from the aristocratic district continued.

"Come on, Shirone. Was it hard?"

In an instant, the princesses who gathered around Shirone released chatty pheromones.

"How was the world outside? Were there many dead insects?"

"What color was the sun? Color 2837?"

When Merott appeared, the princesses moved aside in unison.

"You were safe. It's good, Shirone."

The local war that took place near the colony was a hot topic even among the princesses.

"Army ants are different from us. Instead of minimizing the labor force, it mass-produces numerous soldier ants."

On the way to the inn, Merott informed me of the situation.

"We expand our territory by occupying colonies like that. If an all-out war breaks out, the damage will be great."

However, it was impossible to move the colony.

"If there is a war, then I will fight too. But Shirone, you don't have to be in the colony."

The situation seemed more serious than I thought.

"You don't have to get involved in a war. If you want to leave, leave tonight. I will allow you."

"Melot... ... ."

Ants are small creatures.

At least to Shirone, who lived in the human world, he was not precious enough to sacrifice his life.

'Is there a better value in life?'

Returning to the inn, Shirone lay down on the dirt floor with an arm pillow and was lost in thought.

'I don't want to disappear like this.'

What if I showed someone an ant and asked them to die for it?

It was clear that if he was joking, he would be treated like a madman, and if he was serious, he would get slapped.

'No, not because it's an ant. Because there is nothing more precious than your own life. There must be another way.'

It would be the same for Shirone, who was exploring another world, but there was no way he would open Immortal Function.



how long have you been sleeping

At the sound of thunder outside, Shirone slowly raised her eyelids.

'Is it raining?'

This was the lowest level of the colony.

"It's not raining!"

When Shirone stood up and took out the artificial brain and others, a huge amount of information began to be transmitted.

"Stop! Protect the Queen's room!"

"Kieek! Get out of here, ugly things!"

When Shirone jumped up and jumped out of the dorm using the recoil, a bizarre sight unfolded that made his heart stop.

'Army ant.'

Its body was twice as large as the Garnet Colony's soldiers, and its head was even three times as large.

The powerful jaws on its huge head snapped off its neck every time it moved.

"I can't die yet! Protect me!"

All the male ants on the upper floor started to run away from the attack of the army ants that invaded at night.

They are usually aristocrats who show off their enormous size, but they were no match for the giant army ant.

"Where are the soldiers! Protect me quickly!"

Darane emitted frightened pheromones, but only army ants swarmed.

"Die, you insignificant races!"

"Quaaaaaa!"

The 13th night flew in just as Daranen's body, buried by the army ants, turned over.



Law of the Earth - Ant Hell.



As the landscape was denied, the bodies of the army ants that were biting Darane were torn to pieces.

"you... ... ."

Darane refused to be supported with the pride of the last remaining nobleman, but he was already unable to move.

"Shirone."

The thirteenth night looked back at Shirone.

"I will protect the queen."

Since the queen could not move along the colony, she was the most unnecessary being in an attacking situation.

"Because I am on the 13th night."

It was a happy life to be able to have a name.

"wait! You don't have to protect me! The queen has already... ... !"

As the thirteenth night left behind Darane's pheromones, Shirone suddenly came to his senses.

"Melot!"

Army ants were already roaming around the princess's residence, and screams could be heard from all directions.

"Melot! Mero... ... !"

Upon arriving at the residence, three army ants were holding Merott down and strangling him.

As if playing a prank, I felt my hair stand on end as I pressed my sharp jaw under her chin.

"Shirone... ... ."

Finding Shirone, Merott opened his jaw.

"Run away! Run away quickly!"

At that moment, what came to Shirone's mind.

'If anything really happens... ... .'



- You will find out that it is completely different from what you thought.



It was the pheromone of an unknown worker ant.

"Run away! You shouldn't be here!"

As Merott desperately grabbed the army ant, the ant biting under his chin tensed his body.

"Stay still! I'll cut your throat!"

Right before Merott's throat was cut, the flash of a photon cannon flew in and hit the army ant's head.

Colleagues who identified the fallen army ant with their antennae raised their upper bodies and shouted.

"what! To say that there is such a paper... ... !"

Before the pheromone was even sprayed, the army ants hit by the photon cannon were pinned to the wall.

'If you look into it, everyone has the same life.'

High and low are meaningless to beings who are born endlessly circulating the kalpa of reincarnation.

'The same goes for those ants.'

Realizing how to stop the war, Shirone approached Merott and held out her hand.

"It's fine? Can you move?"

"Shirone... ... What about that from a moment ago?"

I heard about magic, but I didn't know it had such powerful power.

"Let's go out. There is something I want to show you."

There was no reason to delay any longer.



* * *



Labyrinth Andre - World No. 847.



"Kill! We'll pay for what we've been through!"

Syrone's code is 427,621.

Numerous citizens stormed the temple after realizing that there was no one with authority in the codename anymore.

"Damn it! Let go! Touch me on the subject of 800,000 codes!"

Gale, who was being beaten with a stick, couldn't stand it and struggled, but the fist flew in without a doubt.

"shut up! what's the difference between you and me He must have bullied me for being a little higher than that!"

Gail, who harassed countless women under the pretext of the high code number 9, was the most miserable to suffer.

However, the resentment that the residents of the lower codes had was not limited to those who suffered directly.

"Kill them all! I mean, they're all going to die!"

Drain, once the king of code names, was already lying unconscious, but the kicking didn't stop.

"You are the worst! you! you!"

In a situation where even the standard of how high a ranking was has disappeared, people were just destroying everything in sight.

"Shirone, I'm scared... ... ."

Panica hid behind Shirone's back and trembled.

"It's fine. Because I am."

In a world where ranking discrimination disappeared, Shirone was the only one who could use authority.

That's why the residents couldn't even dare to approach Shirone, but it had long since lost its meaning.

'There is no ranking for humans.'

There is no standard of being noble from here and low from there.

"Shirone? Where?"

At Panika's question, Shirone smiled sadly.

"Because there is no good life without saving it."

Shirone opened her arms wide as if embracing the whole world and slowly closed her eyes.

A single tear flowed down again.

'May everyone be happy.'

There was no reason to delay any longer.

=======================================
[725] Face off (2)





* * *



Seongeum and Sambo looked at the scene where a huge crater unfolded as if a meteorite had fallen.

"That place... ... ."

It was the center of the Labyrinth Jessica.

"Something seems to have gone down."

The reason Mungyeong's voice is serious is because the size of the crater is beyond imagination.

'Still, the fallen object is not visible. What the hell did it fall on?'

Volcano's leader, Ziggs muttered.

"Ymir's fangs."

Seongeum, who had annihilated Volcano, forcibly set him up as a guide, but he was the first to arrive at the center anyway.

However, there was a story that came down like a legend.

"Rumor has it that Jessica is the area where Ymir's molars fell a long time ago."

"molar? Could such a pit be dug by a single fallen tooth?"

It was a crater about 2 kilometers in diameter.

"Princess, according to the ancient documents, Ymir is a giant who absorbed over 10,000 bodies. If the molars were pulled out in a gigantic state, the mass would be quite large."

Ziggs let out a laugh.

"You are misunderstanding something."

Mungyeong looked back with a displeased expression.

"mistaken?"

"You know about heaven. Ilhwa's liquor is a technique that melts humans into giants. And Ymir is an unprecedented giant who has reached level 10 of Anecdote. Do you know what that means?"

Seongeum asked in a nonchalant manner.

"What do you mean?"

"The number of people who go into the anecdote is about 8 to 10 people. 10 such giants gather again and are born into the next giant. According to these calculations, the number of humans required to reach level 10 of Anecdotal Art... ... ."

Ziggs raised a finger.

"That means reaching 10 billion people."

"10 billion... ... ."

Mungyeong couldn't picture Ymir in his head.

"That is the king of giants, Ymir. Aside from how they put together the minds of 10 billion people, the numbers themselves don't make sense. Even if he is not in a gigantic state, if the molars of such a person have fallen, it is my judgment that even a hole of this size can be made."

Seongeum rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought.

"if so... ... What kind of incident was it that pulled out the molars of such a person?"

"It is unknown. Maybe someone from before history had a proper fight with Ymir."

Ziggs looked back at the vast crater.

"As you know, giants are entitled to leave for a new world from the moment they pass the 6th level. The reason is that you can manipulate telomere levels from then on."

Mungyeong recalled the secret of the Jincheon Space Agency.

"Partialization and Meganization."

"yes. Tier 6 giants can create new entities with parts of their bodies. Also, if you use up your telomeres to the extreme, you can turn into a gigantic body. The average height of a Tier 6 giant is 80 meters, but when gigantic is activated, it is close to 2 kilometers."

As he devoted his entire life to researching giants, it was information comparable to that of the Jincheon Space Agency.

"The peculiar thing is that the average height rather decreases after the 6th stage. We call this a response. It is a phenomenon in which the power increases as the size decreases. Volcano estimates Ymir's response to be at most three meters or so."

"A three-meter giant made of 10 billion humans?"

"Perhaps Ymir, who fought to the death here long ago, wasn't as huge as I thought. She actually doesn't even want to think about it. Because she realizes how small humans are."

While Mungyeong remained silent, Seongeum raised her head.

'Up there... ... .'

In the real sky before artificial skies were created, Ymir would have struggled with something.

'Is it the power of a single molar?'

In the meantime, a molar tooth was pulled out and it crashed here, and judging by the shock wave, it must have been swept away.

In the place where civilization disappeared, the giants built a pyramid to honor Ymir.

"So is it the remains of a giant?"

The only thing left in the ruins was Ymir's molar.

"Okay, now that I've checked, that's it."

Jigsaw's eyes turned to sadness.

"I didn't achieve it myself, but my colleagues will be able to close their eyes comfortably now."

It was a sight I had devoted my whole life to.

"Kill it. My role is over here."

The reason he came all the way here following the voice that killed his comrades was to complete Volcano's business.

"It is still too early to end the journey."

The voice moved to Crater.

"Ymir's molars. Shouldn't you be able to see what it is?"

"Princess, but... ... ."

Mungyeong, who was hurriedly approaching, stopped hurriedly, sensing the distance of three steps.

"It is dangerous."

That was the nature of emotion.

It was a place where parts of the real Ymir's body remained, not Ymir's parts.

"I am concerned that there may be a transformation."

"It can't be this way, it can't be that way."

Seong-eum clicked her tongue and looked back at Mungyeong.

"How would you take the Ivory Tower Test if you were afraid of just one tooth? As far as I know, I heard that one of the candidates has already been to heaven."

Before leaving the Hwangseong, an officer from the Jincheon Space Agency came to visit and said this.



"Mama, one of the Ivory Tower candidates is close to me, so I would like to give you some advice. He says his name is Shirone."

"I don't need advice. It must not be a talent show for children. Wouldn't it be something to risk your life and fight for results?"

"Of course it is. Mama's upright character is a fact that the world knows. Haona, that's why I'm telling you."

At this point, I was also curious about the voice.

"Is that strong, Shirone?"

"It is strong."

It was a word that came out without a second thought.

"Shirone is definitely strong. But it's not just about winning and losing. Mama is also the heroine of the world, so the outcome of the battle will be determined by heaven. My concern is... ... ."

Anchal, who gently turned his head, recalled Shirone, whom he had watched at Alpheas Magic School, and continued.

"He must be a human with a completely different temperament than the ones Mama has had to fight so far."

"A completely different temperament?"

"Mama's heart is not to bend even if it breaks. It's also great because it never breaks. A steel pine that has been tempered a thousand times. But the one named Shirone... ... ."

Anchal's worries arise at this point.

"I will never try to break Mama."

"... ... ."

"No matter what gale blows, Mama won't budge. But a gentle breeze can melt even steel."

Voice hit the knee.

"I asked what you were talking about... ... Do you also see me as just a woman! No matter what kind of person Shirone is, I will never give my heart to her!"

"It's not because Mama is a woman."

Anchal said with a serious expression.

"Because I am human."

The brow of the voice narrowed.

"No, maybe because it is a creature."

"What are you talking about now... ... ."

"perhaps!"

Anchal sternly cut off his words.

"Maybe it's just because Mama exists."

Seongeum corrected her expression and asked.

"Is it that huge?"

Anchal brought his forehead to his two hands that were gathered together.

"I have no way of estimating its size."

"Hmm, Shirone?"

"Mama, the strongest candidate in this test is Nane. However, his strength is clearly visible. Mama will never back down. But... ... ."

Anchal slowly raised his head.

"You cannot collide with something that does not exist."

The voice's eyelids blinked rapidly.

"Mama, watch out for Shirone. You must never let him come into Mama's gap."

"I see what you mean."

Voice raised his chin and said.

"But don't worry. No one in the world can come inside my security."



The voice that escaped from the flashback moved on again.

"The candidates who compete with me are not easygoing people. If they risk their lives to compete, there is no danger I must avoid."

Unable to break Seong-eum's stubbornness, Mungyeong sighed and followed, and Ziggs entered the crater with Sambo.

The two-kilometer-diameter pit reached several hundred meters in depth and was as narrow as a funnel.

'small. There can't be a hole like this without a really small thing being slammed into with great force.'

Ziggs' shoulders trembled as he watched the Volcano hypothesis turn out to be true.

"Where is Ymir's fangs... ... ."

At that time, as the voice murmured, the crater vibrated violently, and the soil from the east, west, south, and north began to be sucked downward.

"Don't come closer."

While the voice stopped the party, four huge statues rose from the ground.

"That's an ancient weapon! Princess, it's dangerous!"

Jigs stopped Mungyeong.

"wait! That's Yol! It's the gateway to the test! If we get close, we too will be caught by the law!"

Just as the angelic law has the name Hera, in heaven the giant's law is called Yol.



-He who has reached this place.



Four statues rose slowly, finally leaving the ground and rising to a height of 10 meters.

Their faces, crouching like fetuses and looking down at the Holy Spirit, resembled beasts, with long horns embedded in their foreheads.



-Are you a being that crosses the universe?



The sound made by the trembling of the body made of iron seemed to strike directly at the heart.

"If you are asking if I am a giant, I would say no. But if you're asking if you can cross the universe... ... ."

Seongeum covered his mouth with his sleeve and laughed.

"Why can't I do what you guys can do?"



-... ... prove the yol



Powerful flashes emanated from the long horns attached to the four statues and struck the vocal cords.

"Princess!"

Due to the unavoidable act of the law, Seongeum's body floated up surrounded by light and vomited out a tremendous flash of light.

"Huh!"

A tremendous shock rushed to Seongeum and blew her consciousness to the distant far side of the universe.

'This place... ... .'

It was only for a moment that the planet she lived in was visible, and soon a scene of the universe unfolded in the black darkness densely studded with stars.

'It's flying endlessly.'

In the inertia of consciousness moving away at the speed of light, Seong-eum realized the fear of an enormous scale.

'Compared to the gigantic universe, humans are just dust.'

A street so vast that you can feel the certainty that you will never be able to return to the original world.

'And this... ... .'

Seongeum's body, which had been engulfed in Yol's flash, stood upright, and her petal-like lips opened softly.

"This is my first step."



Ether Wave - Infernal Sword.



From the other side of the universe where the voice bounced off, the space was crumpled and pushed towards the body.

"Princess... ... ."

When she finally confirmed her daily report, Mungyeong's shoulders trembled and shed tears of emotion.

'One step of Jin Seong-eum crosses the universe.'

You will never be able to reach her.

"Is it done now?"

When Seongeum landed on the ground, the four statues that had been silent fell through the floor.

At the same time, a white object quickly jumped out of the center and fell in front of the voice.

Ziggs shouted, his eyes shining.

"Ymir's fangs!"

Seong-eum, who hates other people's bodies touching her body, fixed the space and watched from a distance.

A single molar tooth, so small as to be believed to be human, was glistening in the artificial sun.

'It's a big deal! The legend was true!'

Since a giant like Ymir can create a new object with just one tooth, Mungyeong hurriedly drew his sword.

"what?"

When there was no response after a long time, Ziggs expressed his opinion.

"Ymir is the only being in the army of heaven who can choose the battlefield. Perhaps his will prevents rebirth."

"Heh, it's bland."

Ego-stricken Sungyin tossed the molar, and Ziggs hurriedly caught it with both hands.

"La Enemy is not here. It's a pity, but I can't. Let's move on."

From the beginning, the strategy of exploring all three labyrinths was possible only for Jin Seong-eum.

"Okay, where are you going?"

In terms of distance, Andre was close, but it was meaningless anyway to Seongeum, who was beyond the stars.

Seongeum looked back over the horizon and said.

"I'm going to see Shirone."

=======================================
[726] Face Off (3)





* * *



Labyrinth Andre.



"Huh! Huh!"

Kido took a deep breath as he hid in Andre's maze-like passageway.

'Is it still far?'

It was already the 6th day since Shirone activated the Wheel of Fear.

"It's not like he's dead."

One Shirone should remain here to maintain the spirit zone, but since the battle began, he has not been able to find any traces.

"That way! Go after it!"

At the voice of the Maga bandits, Kido limped on one leg and entered the depths of the labyrinth.

The number of those who had reached 40 was now reduced to 7, but it was impossible to block Andrew's entrance.

'damn! There were too many enemies!'

Objective numbers, overall combat power, the least consolation in a situation where everything is at a disadvantage... ... .

'Thanks to that, I have a lot of food.'

It was that Kido could eat human flesh.

"Suddenly, this will bite too."

When he tore off the arm of the corpse he was holding in his hand, the muscles came out with a grunt.

Of course, the Mark thieves would also airlift food from outside Andre, but the corpses of the masters were important to Kido of Eating.

'Schema's technology, outside gravity.'

New memories flooded into my mind.

'So that's why I was able to withstand the Earthquake. It's definitely an annoying skill.'

But now Kido could also use the schema.

'Schema, I learned with human flesh.'

Even in the case of the same experience, the imagery differs according to the qualia (sensory quality), so memory alone cannot open the schema.

'Should I call it a textbook?'

However, the story is different if you combine all the memories of dozens of the best members of the maga thieves.

This is because no matter how different the views on schema are, there is always a common denominator.

"I must end here."

Even the Maga bandits know that the final clash will decide the difference between victory and defeat.

When I went to the entrance of Andre, limping, the Mark bandits were having a last supper.

It was all the crumbs of the cookies he had picked up from outside, but it would still be enough to squeeze out the last bit of strength.

"... ... Are you determined?"

The vice-captain stood up with a sword while the remaining six subordinates showed their will to die.

"There will be a decision here."

While starting with 40 and reducing to 7, Kido's skills evolved incredibly quickly.

'I don't know why, but that goblin eats the experiences of others.'

Otherwise, it could not explain why the members jumped up every time they died.

'If only I had seen through it a little earlier... ... .'

It was a mistake to think that if I locked myself in the labyrinth and reduced my stamina, I would get tired of myself.

Anyway, it was in the past, and if the remaining 7 people didn't kill them with an all-out attack, the Maga bandits would be annihilated.

In Kido's ears, accepting Dongguijin's murderous intent, he heard an explosion of voices outside Andre.

'Lian.'

He is still fighting with Park Nyeo.

'It must be difficult... ... .'

Unlike Kido, who was able to hide in the labyrinth, he would not have been able to sleep or eat for six days.

'Hang in there. I'll go.'

Kido, who had made up his mind, pulled out his spear, and the vice-captain approached with his sword hanging diagonally.

"Where is the wizard?"

Even the Magan bandits couldn't find Shirone.

"I don't know either. Doesn't it matter? Whether you die or I die, that is all that remains."

"That's right."

The vice-captain's sword aimed at Kido.

"Even though you are a goblin, I salute you for driving the Maga bandits to this point."

"Kick!"

A laugh came out of nowhere.

"That's why I don't like it."

Kido, who moved sideways along the rotating window, blocked Andre's entrance in an instant.

'It's gotten stronger.'

At the same time, they rose all at once, drawing out all the skills of the seven Maga bandits.

"Say respect, or something... ... !"

The incarnation of the Earth Spirit was activated around Kido, who was rolling on the floor and wielding a spear.

"Poke at the same time! Do not wish to live!"

7 people fell like lightning to Kido, who ate a scary spin, and one person's head was immediately cut off.

"Kill! Keep attacking!"

Kido, who was lying face down with his left hand on the ground, swung the spear in his right hand and flew out.

"The theory of relativity! Quantum theory!"

The center of the double-edged spear was cut off by the vice-captain's sword, which was lowered vertically.

"What about the universe, what about God!"

Kido, who held the split spear with both hands, twisted his upper body, and blood flowed along his shoulder.

"Now! Fuck it unconditionally!"

Staring at the maga thieves charging in a row, Kido grabbed the spear that split in two and shouted.

"You arrogant people!"

As Jibakryeong's incarnation skill reached its peak, an illusion of the floor rising like a wave hit them.

"Harm! If you avoid this, you win!"

Kido, who floated in the air as if lying down, quickly rolled on the floor, rotating both shoulders.

"On the subject of living with both feet on the ground... ... !"

Six blades flew towards Kido like a flash of light.

"Why are you only looking at the sky!"

Two spears spinning like windmills circled through the flashes.

"... ... ."

Everyone stopped moving at the point where the positions of the Maga bandits and Kido were exactly reversed.

"Are you paying your respects?"

"Gagging!"

Starting with the vice-captain's chest being opened, all the members fell to the floor spouting blood.

"Losing someone dear to you."

Kido, who was crouching down towards Andre's entrance, dropped the spear that was split in two to the floor.

"Isn't mourning over death enough... ... ."

That was the love Kido realized.

'I have to go.'

Kido, who put strength into his dropped arms, grabbed the spear again and left Andre's entrance.

The scene of the sun rising on the 6th day after the battle started was truly devastating and terrible.

'Really this... ... .'

Is it a scene created by two human beings fighting with their bodies?

'Hex bullets. It's literally bombarded.'

There were no survivors left where the bodies of tourists were strewn about, and the buildings, the ground, and the ground were scorched.

'Lian, wait a minute.'

The moment Kido heard a roar from afar and limped out of Andre's entrance.

"uh?"

The blood dripping from his forehead blocked his vision and he fell to the ground unable to even bend his knees.

'Shirone.'

It was Kido who destroyed the Maga bandits single-handedly, but now his stamina was at its limit.

'Must be alive... ... .'

Kido's consciousness was sucked into darkness.



* * *



Labyrinth Andre - World No. 1583.



At Shirone's suggestion to draw out all the cards, the 4 participants in White put on a dazed expression.

"Take out all the cards?"

He knew that a show of force in front of a wizard would be useless, but Marco could not obey.

"What kind of ridiculous threats are you making? In the battle of the law, weapon cards are like life."

"I will accept the offer."

Surprisingly, Ballard, who showed the most hostility towards Shirone, obediently took out the card from his bosom.

The job of a security guard was to convey a different feeling from others, and the effect was considerable.

"I-I'll accept the offer too."

When Breeze and Atria took out cards in succession, Marco gritted his teeth.

"... ... If you do it this way, the end will not be good. Can we see each other and live together in White?"

"It should be decided by voting."

Marco, who was properly countered, lowered his head as if resigned and took out all the cards he had.

"Nine in total."

Disappointment was reflected in Shirone's expression as she examined each card that Breeze handed her.

"what's the matter? There are also S-class cards. It is valuable enough to be exchanged for any card."

It was a card that Ballard did not want to show until the very end, and it had the face of a man shedding bloody tears.



Red flag (function).

Explanation: When you lose someone dear to you, it's hard to see.

Effect: All job stats increase by 10 times.



It was a tremendous effect even to Shirone.

'Kai... ... .'

If Kai had an enemy, he would have been able to fool the enemies with the magician's special ability.

"This doesn't make any sense."

Shirone got to the point.

"The card I am looking for is CPR. Have you ever used it or heard of someone having it?"

"CPR? that's... ... ."

Breeze was lost in thought.

"Is there someone you want to save? Maybe Black?"

"He is the one who helped me. I made my mistake die. We have to get CPR somehow."

Ballard grumbled.

"Do you know that everything is possible if you want it? If it's not shuffled in the harmony of the law, it's over. If you're not going to use it, tell me... ... ."

Breeze cut Ballard off.

"There is no way at all."

"How?"

"The first is when CPR is shuffled. If you have it on the black side, you can exchange it for red flags. 10 times the basic ability is excellent, but it is a must-have card for a job with special abilities."

With just the magician job, he could turn ten cards into magic cards.

"The second, if it's not shuffled, is to use the wasted space I had, albeit with a low probability."

"A waste of space?"

Shirone, unable to find a particularly important card among the cards she received, turned over the nine cards one by one.



Waste of space (wasted).

Description: Sometimes some drawers are fine to leave empty.

Effect: You can get lucky slots by discarding B grade or higher cards.



"A lucky slot? What card is this?"

"It's an effect that gives you an S-class card with a low probability. Marco has a double action, you can use it together to increase your odds."



Double action (consumed).

Description: If you think fast, you have a good chance of recovering.

Effect: Doubles the effect of B-rank or lower cards.



"If you use Double Action and Waste Space at the same time, you'll get two lucky slot cards."

"right. I can get up to three first aid cards, but I don't have them."

The effect of the first aid card was to regenerate once when a consumable card was used.

"To cast Waste Space, you must discard a card of Grade B or higher. Influenza or Bronco would be suitable."

"Then I'll do this."

Shirone took out a card and held it.



Influenza (function).

Description: Be careful. Sometimes fatal.

Effect: Decreases opponent's physical abilities by 10% when activated. 90% reduction with a 3% chance.

Special note: Limited to 1 target.



"Activate."

The Waste of Space, Double Action, and Influenza cards simultaneously radiated light and turned into new cards.

'This is a lucky slot.'

Shirone looked at the two lucky slot cards that looked exactly like duplicates.



Lucky slot (consumed).

Explanation: Let's postpone the game for a while.

Effect: 100% chance of obtaining a B grade or higher card.

You can get an S grade card with a 1% chance.



"Activate."

When Shirone immediately played a card, all four participants stood up at the same time to check the card.

"what? what did you get?"

It was a picture of skeletons in armor walking through mud.



Magic Return Soldier (Summoned).

Description: A defeated soldier who survived the battle in Hell. His morale is low and he is wounded, but his fighting power is formidable.

Effect: Summons 10 magic return soldiers.



Marco snorted.

"Sheesh! Then it is. It's the most useless thing in class B. It's slow paced, so it's only suitable for defense."

Breeze asked with the last page left.

"What are you going to do? Why don't you save it and use it when you get a first aid or card with duplication effect?"

"no it's okay. You just have to turn it until it comes out."

Marco asked, frowning.

"What nonsense are you talking about? Only 1% chance... ... ."

"Activate."

As the last remaining lucky slot card flashed, the participants' mouths fell silent.

'Come out! come out!'

The moment the card, which had been smeared with oil, confirmed the B grade, Shirone's eyes widened.

'Poems of fire!'

=======================================
[727] Face Off (4)





As the time of 1 second was repeated, the lucky slot began to change into a new card.

'I have to make quick decisions.'

I couldn't play roulette forever because I had time to think.

'It's more difficult than Scrumble Royale.'

At that time, you only had to draw one from black and white, but there were much more types of cards in white black.

'You only get one chance.'

Even if CPR came out, everything went to waste when he was caught up in the inertia and activated the Buddha Statue Explosion.

'This is it!'

As the card's light peeled off, the two letters "PID" next to the S-rank card were blurry.

'stop! stop! stop!'

As I applied the brakes at the thought of accelerating rapidly, an electrical signal ran up my spine and hit my brain.

"Puuuuuuu!"

1 second to here.

"Oh, this can't be... ... ."

For a brief moment, all White's players saw was Shirone's cards flashing madly.

"How did you do it?"

The CPR card, steaming hot like freshly baked bread, was in Shirone's hand.

Breeze swallowed.

'It really came out.'

I didn't know what kind of magic it was, but it was clear that I could manipulate the probability.

"Now, take the remaining cards back."

When Shirone held out the card, the four participants flinched and looked at each other.

Even Ballard, who would normally have acted immediately, was unable to move in front of Shirone.

'I'm not just a wizard.'

Like the true meaning of the name magic, nothing seemed impossible to him.

"Distribute yourself."

Shirone handed the card to Breeze.

"Me, me?"

He was the only person to express his gratitude when he was brought to harmonize the law on behalf of the White District.

"It's a card I don't need anyway. By the way, this CPR can be used here?"

Atria shook her head.

"I don't know either. I've only heard of it, but it's the first time I've seen it. It's not as educated as the Black Zone... ... ."

Breeze intervened.

"Weapon cards have a fixed activation area. It's probably a circle about two meters in diameter centered on the card."

If there was no activation area, a bizarre battle would have occurred at the end of Anarchy Mountain, fighting only with cards.

"Then I'll have to go back to Kai."

When Shirone turned around, Breeze spoke.

"Can't I come too?"

While the other three contestants looked puzzled, Shirone said.

"I am Black. As long as Kai is in Black, I have no intention of changing the law. Will you have to fight me after all?"

"It's not because of the survival test. I need one more CPR. If you put off saving Kai until the end, I'll find a way. I'm going to get a card that can be duplicated somehow... ... ."

Marco made an impression.

"Hey, what are you talking about? It's CPR. Besides, he's black. Do you think you would do something like that?"

"How do you know that?"

"Ugh!"

As Marco's neck shrunk at the harsh eyes, Shirone asked Breeze again.

"Why do you need CPR?"

It was meaningless to classify people according to the law to seekers who had already realized the contradiction of white and black.

"that's... ... I cannot reveal it."

Judging from the effect of the card, it must have been a matter directly related to life, but Breeze bit her lip and shook her head.

'Is this a secret that I have to risk my life to keep?'

In any case, even Shirone couldn't help her if she couldn't reveal the reason.

"I cannot accept that offer. Sorry."

Away from seeing Breeze lowering her head with a sad expression, she resolutely cast space movement.

'I can't help it. Saving Kai is the priority.'

Arriving at the place she remembered in her head, Shirone immediately looked for the tree where Kai's body was enshrined.

"what?"

The corpse had disappeared like nothing.

'It must have been here.'

If space movement had been successfully cast, there was no possibility of mistaking the location.

"Looking for Kai?"

At the voice heard in the bushes, Shirone turned around with the Photon Cannon floating.

"come out."

"for a moment! calm down! I'm not trying to fight!"

The person who appeared was a short man in his mid-thirties wearing large glasses.

'Is it the ability of the weapon card?'

Otherwise, it was not explained why it had not been searched into the Spirit Zone until now.

"I know what you are thinking."

the man said

"My job is a detective. The special ability is latent. When I am not moving, no one can feel me."

"... ... Where is Kai?"

"I want to make a deal."

The man pulled out a weapon card.



Windbreaker (feature).

Explanation: The better the performance, the longer the aftertaste lingers.

Effect: Sounds that occurred within 2 hours in a specific area can be reproduced.



"It's a card that's perfect for a detective. Found Kai's corpse and used a windbreaker. I heard and knew what was going on here. I also know that I contacted the contestants in the White District. You came here, did you get CPR?"

"what do you want?"

"So far we are on the same side. because it's black But you, the Seeker, never know when you will join them."

It was now a fait accompli in White Black that the side with Shirone would win.

"So I would like to propose. Bring all of the white players' cards. Then I will hand over Kai."

I'd like to tell them to kill them all, but pushing too hard would backfire.

"As you already know, cards have an activation area. If I don't reveal where I hid Kai... ... Ugh!"

Shirone's eyes froze.

"Why should I accept that offer? Is it okay if I ask you here now?"

No weapon card could overpower Shirone.

"Well, you will have to judge well. Kai is... ... ."

At the same time as Shirone's eyes widened, the man took out a weapon card.

"You fool! You will regret it!"



Old Position (consumed)

Explanation: There are times in everyone's life when they think like this. Oh, why did I do that then?

Effect: Return to the location of 1 hour ago.



"Activate! Old position!"

The man's voice echoed through the mountains.

"... ... ."

The man's eyes shook in shock as he looked at the hand where the card had disappeared before he knew it.

'Uh, how?'

All I could see was a flash of light passing by.

"Not just anyone can do it."

Looking back with a dazed expression, Shirone was waving the old position card he snatched from the man.

Snatching cards while moving by teleportation was a skill only high-ranking wizards could do.

"You have to concentrate enough to break your head. So right now I feel really bad."

At the scariest threat Shirone could make, the man backed away with an awkward smile.

"Ahaha, that... ... ."

"Kai, where are you?"

"Damn it!"

An existence that stands outside the law of white black.

That was the definition of a wizard that the man realized.



* * *



Labyrinth Andre.

In the scenery of the other side world where structures shaped like the heart of living things are connected like fruits... ... .

"Whoa."

Shirone was sitting cross-legged.

'Is it still far?'

Shirone's spirit, which had to maintain the wheel of cowardice, did not lose focus for a moment.

'I think it's been about six days.'

The moment Andre's entrance, guarded by Kido, was breached, Shirone activated the foil and disappeared into the underworld.

'Is the battle over?'

The place where he is currently staying is 10 meters underground in Andre based on the real world.

The sounds outside were indirect, as if submerged in deep water, but even that was inaudible now.

'I think I'm going to die of frustration.'

The feelings of the 19,000 Shirones in each world cannot be known to the Shirones here.

However, it was clear that certain intuitions outside the realm of logic continued to flow through the insight circuit.

'I'll go crazy if I stay like this.'

Every time complex emotions that were not clearly defined in language accumulated, the frustration intensified.

'This is the first time this has happened.'

Even when God's Punishment was developed, it wasn't this tight, and in the end, it was Shirone who pierced it.

"Is this Andrew? Surprisingly, it's nothing special."

Hearing the voice from the ground, Shirone suddenly raised his head.

'Who is it? Is it Kido?'

When I got up from my seat and followed the uphill road of the other world to the ground, I saw people I had never seen before.

'an Asian?'

Judging from their appearance and attire, they were figures from the East, and dozens of soldiers followed behind the woman.

'It's awesome. That gait... ... .'

What was felt from the eyes of a magician was a sense of distance that was indistinguishable from the woman in the lead.

"Princess, I can't feel the presence of humans. Perhaps Shirone has already explored the labyrinth?"

'I know me.'

At the words of a man who seemed to be a master at first glance, Shirone climbed the mound of the underworld.

Finally, as the field of view coincided with the ground in the real world, I was able to examine their faces in detail.

"You're stupid, Mungyeong."

It was the vocal group that pulled the space to the extreme and passed from Jessica to Andre at once.

The slow movement of Seongeum's large pupils was clearly visible even to Shirone, who was 20 meters away.

"Because it is not caught by the senses, it does not mean that it does not exist. Don't assassins also use the blind spots of their sixth sense?"

Even Mungyeong knew that Assassin was hiding his presence through equalizing his ability to assimilate objects.

However, it was an unreasonable word for a warrior who protects the human realm, the princess of the Jincheon Empire.

"Princess, that Mungyeong is not that dull."

How many assassins are there in the world who deceive the senses of those who have been granted the three treasures by Jin Seong-eum, the strongest magician?

The voice said with tears in her eyes.

"Tell me, then. Can you tell what color my heart is now? If you get it right, I'll give you a reward."

It was a reward he really wanted to receive, but Mungyeong could only tilt his head.

"I don't know what you mean."

"yes? I will show you myself."

Seongeum turned to the front and slowly raised her hand.

"Reveal yourselves, you who dwell in your heart."

As Seongeum's arm moved from left to right, the space of reality fell apart in a large tetrahedron shape.

"I-that... ... !"

Not only Sambo, but even Ziggs, who was watching at the end, made a shocked expression.

As if looking at a cross section of a fruit, a completely new landscape unfolded in the place where the space of reality was separated.

"Who are you! Reveal your identity!"

The members of the Sambo who found Shirone simultaneously took out their swords and took a fighting stance.

But the eyes still didn't understand.

'Nonsense. How can someone over there... ... .'

If the blond boy was the assassin, anyone other than Sambo would have been helpless.

"Choeni Bardo, the one who crosses the boundary between life and death."

Jin Seong-eum grasped at once the true meaning of esoteric Buddhism contained in Shirone's technique.

"Are you Aryan Shirone?"

The voice of Seong-eum, who was more recalled than usual, shocked Mungyeong more than anything.

'The princess... ... Are you nervous?'

Shirone's smiling lips trembled as well.

'I see. This is the level of an ivory tower candidate.'

I didn't hear any explanation, but I was convinced just by separating reality from the space behind it.

"Genuine sound."

It was the first face-to-face meeting between the ivory tower candidates.

=======================================
[728] Body (1)





Arriving at the top of the white-black moon, Shirone stressed to the man hiding Kai's body.

"If you do nonsense, then you won't have a chance."

"Know. I don't want to die either."

A man named Juraq was a great resource in the Black District and had volunteered to participate in the survival test.

"I saw all the fun. I want to end it now."

The words seemed to contain the philosophy of the black district, and Shirone was also curious.

"If it's a fight, you can do it as much as you like, right? Why did you participate in the survival test?"

"When I was just born, I went to and fro. Let's see... ... Was it around the age of eight? I killed the first person There was no such thing as guilt. You tried to kill me first. Anyway, as time goes by, it gets stronger... ... ."

Jurak smiled broadly.

"I wanted to see how strong you are. Actually everything is like that, right? No one walks by looking upwards. It runs like crazy because there is something under it."

"therefore... ... Did you participate just for that reason? Do you want to know how strong you have become?"

"Fighting in black is routine. As for how routine it is, if you're hungry, you just go into a random house and kill them. And you just have to eat the food he has. It's not fun, it's fun. that's just life It's not like a risky game. lets think. If such a demon appears, will White have the ability to handle it?"

Jurak waved his hand.

"Never win. We are gamblers who use our lives as chips to take the lives of others. Depending on whether the gambler participates or not, the battle of the law is also won or lost."

"Then the odds of winning are similar... ... ."

"haha! right. Doesn't White have to have hope to fight to the best of his ability? I deliberately send only the weak ones to lose a few games, and then take them all at once when they feel hot. And this time it was my turn to enjoy... ... ."

A shadow fell over Jurak's face.

"I was stabbed in the back of the head unluckily. it's because of you How can I send a wizard? There aren't many of them in Black either."

Shirone didn't want to hear more.

"Guide me to Kai."

"don't worry. I brought in a weak one to raise the difficulty. It's probably guarding it like a lifeline."

Juraq, who descended east from the summit of Anarchy Mountain, said as he raked through the thick willow branches.

"Here it is."

In the scenery proudly introduced, there was not even a living person, let alone Kai's corpse.

"What, what?"

Jurak hurriedly turned to Shirone and shook his hand.

"Oh no! I'm sure he told Roussel to watch over him! This was never my intention... ... !"

"Activate. Suicide Squad."

A card flashed where the voice was heard.



Suicide Squad (Summoned).

Description: The ancient Giltians chose to become friends at the end of their lives.

Effect: Destroy an S-rank card to summon the spirit of an ancient Giltian.

Special note: Triggers a blow of conversion.



"For Giltian!"

Unlike the souls commonly imagined, the Giltians tattooed all over the body were as vivid as the real thing.

"Gagging!"

The blade pierced Jurak's back, and it wasn't long before his clothes were stained with blood.

"Uh, how could the Suicide Squad... ... ?"

It was the only card that Roussel had, but it required an S-rank card to activate.

"You bastard! Because of you... ... ."

A sickly pale face appeared, limping, and a familiar woman stood next to him.

"Breeze?"

The person who triggered the suicide squad was Breeze from the White District.

'How do you know here?'

Breeze looked at Shirone with a resigned gaze and said.

"Sorry. I couldn't help it either."

"Breeze! You traitor!"

Following her, three participants from the White District came through the brush, bleeding.

Atria gritted her teeth and shouted.

"Shirone! Watch out for that woman! They took all our cards and ran away! black... ... what?"

Atria stopped talking after checking the face of the man standing next to Breeze, and Ballard put on a dazed expression.

"Russell? Did you participate too?"

Roussel had promised a future with Breeze.

However, Breeze's parents couldn't accept him with a weak heart, and the marriage was eventually canceled by a vote.

Roussel, who could not overcome his anger and used violence, was eventually banished to Black. That was 3 years ago.

"By the way, were you meeting? Unbeknownst to us?"

Even Ballard, who is in charge of security in the White District, did not know that the two were dating.

'Come to think of it... ... .'

Breeze knew the details of the weapon card.

"Russell! How dare you trick me!"

As Ballard charged forward with his sword raised, Breeze summoned the magic return soldier that Shirone had given him.

"Kiaaa!"

Ten skeletons clad in old armor rose from the ground and waddled at Ballard.

"This, this... ... !"

Since he had already handed over all his weapon cards, he had no choice but to fight with pure physical ability.

"Breeze! I will kill you!"

Breeze grabbed Roussel's hand and turned around, leaving behind the curses that he poured out as he blew the skull's head off.

"hurry! Come this way!"

The moment she heard the sound of flesh opening, Breeze shook her shoulders and opened her eyes wide.

"Damn it girl."

Jurak, whose clothes were already stained with blood, stood there with his dagger driven right through Breeze's heart.

"Detective."

By the time Roussel realized the existence of the latent special ability, Breeze's heart had already stopped beating.

"Breeze!"

Shirone checked the condition of Jurak and Breeze, but they had already turned into cold corpses.

"You look good, traitor!"

As Ballard, who had annihilated the return magicians, approached, Roussel collected Breeze's card.

"Don't be silly. Even if you have a weapon card, you can kill a worthless guy like you in one shot."

Roussel also lost his temper in front of his lover's death.

"shut up! You are no different from those who kicked me out! What did Breeze do wrong that she has to die in a place like this!"

"It was decided by voting! Peace is maintained in White because violence is driven out! And Breeze betrayed us! I mean with you!"

"... ... Stop talking nonsense."

Russell pointed at Shirone.

"Breeze participated in the survival test to save me. To get a CPR card!"

shouted Marco.

"Do you think that would work? CPR does not cure heart disease."

"Of course it is. However, if you die and then resurrect, your body will be as clean as new. Everyone in Black knows that."

Atris frowned.

"So you tried to save your brother? You were banished to black anyway. One of them has to die?"

"In Black, I am less than garbage. It is not a place for sick people to live."

Russell was dying.

"The village chief told me to participate in this survival test and end my life with dignity. It was a life that even I threw away. But Breeze... ... ."

Roussel's gaze turned to the dead Breeze.

"Breeze never gave up. He said that when he gets better, let's run away together. As long as this damn heart beats properly! He had the confidence to make you happy for the rest of your life!"

Regardless of whether White or Black won or lost, the two men intended to cure their illnesses and cross Mount Anaki.

To a world that is not divided into white and black, all gray that exists somewhere.

"But it's over now."

Russell looked back at Shirone with a desperate look.

"Kai is already dead. Please use CPR on Breeze. Because I'm going to die! Please save her only!"

Shirone looked down at the card with a bitter expression.

'Whose card is this?'

Then Marco attacked Roussel from the side.

"Give me my card! hurry!"

With 2 Black players still remaining, the weapon card was absolutely necessary.

Ballard and Atria, who had run up to each other, also had a fight while holding down Roussel.

"That's my card! Give it up!"

"shut up! I have a family! I will keep this, so you guys watch over me!"

"I am the one who fought the most fiercely here! It's all mine!"

Roussel, whose limbs were crushed by White's participants, shouted, closing his eyes tightly.

"Breeze!"

At the same time as the voice of despair embroidered the night sky, Shirone threw a CPR card and blew it away in the wind.

'It's a human life.'

It is the fierceness of a creature that cannot be beautiful even if white and black are in harmony.

'So law, do not ridicule.'

Is there no choice but to live like that?

"mom! i'm going back! I... ... I!"

"Breeze! Breeze!"

Shirone, who was looking up at the white-black moon, opened her arms slowly and said.

"Do not laugh at human life."

The body that opened the immortal function emitted light.



* * *



Jin Seong-eum said.

"It's different from what I've heard in rumors."

Certainly it was.

'I thought it would feel a little warmer.'

He was a boy with cold-hearted eyes that could not be compared to himself.

'More than anything... ... .'

Watching him made me anxious.

It was a pale temperament that seemed to emit something at any moment, like a concentrated flash right before an explosion.

'It's almost reached something.'

If you touch it, it will explode, but if it has come this far, there is a high probability that it will explode even if you do not touch it.

"Shirone, candidate for the Ivory Tower, I am Jin Seong-eum, the princess of the Jincheon Empire and the magician."

"Know. I heard you."

As Seongeum moved, Mungyeong's eyebrows twitched and measured the distance with a serious expression.

'Twenty steps.'

The voice distances everyone.

"I also heard about you. I'm jealous, I'm annoyed, maybe I expected a little bit... ... ."

'Fifteen steps.'

The speed of approaching Shirone was still constant.

"It seems very dangerous, but there must be a reason. Not disappointed with that. Rather, it makes me realize once again that you are my competitor."

'Ten steps.'

From now on, it was the realm of a superman.

"But I also did not come this far with someone's understanding. That's why, if I'm looking at you right now... ... ."

'Oh bo.'

At this point, the voice's footsteps stopped.

"To be honest, I am angry."

"... ... ."

With her brow furrowed and grumbling, Sungyin took another step toward Shirone.

'Sabo.'

"For an ivory tower candidate, the ivory tower has no meaning anyway. What I really expected was... ... ."

'Three steps.'

Mungyeong's eyes widened.

"For the first time in my life, I wondered if I would ever meet someone who could walk alongside me."

'Hey boy!'

Mungyeong was frustrated.

"Shirone, your card is definitely great. But, unfortunately, I don't think you'll be able to walk alongside me."

The moment Seongeum's footsteps finally stopped, the three treasure warriors opened their mouths in disbelief.

"I'll give you a job."

From a distance close enough to breathe, the holy sound's index finger aimed at Shirone's forehead.

"I am one step ahead of you."

Mungyeong shouted in her heart in the silence.

'Be proud of yourself! Worship the princess! Just allowing one step is a huge thing!'

I couldn't dare imagine the sight of Shirone looking at Jin Seong-eum's face right in front of me.

'This is the true voice.'

It was exactly what the Ivory Tower residents had said.

'What is so important?'

Before he came to Andre, he would have been furious at the words of Seong-eum, but now there was no inspiration.

"What about Kar... ... ."

"yes?"

Seongeum made a puzzled expression, and Shirone stepped aside with a smile.

"If you want to keep that one step to the end... ... ."

Then, looking back on the road that followed, he said.

"Please pass first."

"... ... ,"

The voice's eyelids blinked rapidly.

=======================================
[729] Body (2)





* * *



Labyrinth Andre - World No. 19000.



Andre's last world sealed by Guffin was a place that Shirone couldn't understand with common sense.

"Ooooooooh."

An innumerable number of human beings were groaning bizarrely while clinging to each other naked.

'damn! Where the hell are you?'

It had been pushing through people for six days already, but it was only filled with humans, humans, and human bodies.

I was about to lose my mind.

"Aww! Aww!"

There were men and women, children and old people, even newborn children, but there was nothing to learn in this world.

'I'm not human.'

In fact, the humans here had no idea.

'If I had an idea, I would have gone crazy.'

It was all about repeating feeding and breeding while living limply like a brain-paralyzed creature.

'I have to find an exit.'

The most serious problem was that even after crawling through people for days, there were only walls made of steel.

'I can't do that. Because nutrients are supplied from somewhere, living things can live.'

As cold water dripped onto her head, Shirone cast Shining Magic to illuminate her surroundings.

'Is this again?'

It is presumed to be the only form of food for people in this world, and when you look at the taste, it is richer in nutrients than water.

After staring at the people drinking the liquid, Shirone turned over and headed towards the ceiling.

'Liquid supply is about 1 minute. In the meantime, I have to get out.'

It was probably the only way.

"Turn it off!"

Finding a gap where the limbs were intertwined, Shirone pushed her head in and climbed through the swamp of flesh.

'hurry! hurry!'

Finally, light came through the crack in the iron door in the ceiling.

"Whoa!"

The iron door began to close again when the focus was shaken by the fresh air tasted in a few days.

Shirone, who threw herself and rolled on the floor, confirmed the identity of the place she had been staying so far.

"That... ... ."

It was a steel structure connected to the underground like a waterway. The instructions engraved long ago remained blurry.



human storage. Building D, Room 274



"Human storage?"

On top of the protruding steel structure every 100 meters, ball-like spheres were flying and spraying water.

"drone?"

It was the first object I had seen, but strangely familiar.

'Have you ever been here?'

No terrestrial life was visible, and the sky was covered with electrical clouds.

-It's been a while, Shirone.

A drone flew in and opened the lens in front of Shirone.

"How do you know me?"

-Because we met. It's been about 600,000 years.

The surface of the drone was heavily rusted, and the voice leaking out of the broken lens was also bizarre, mixed with noise.

As if reading Shirone's emotions, the drone pulled out a thin hose and pretended to wipe herself.

-Do not worry. Repairs are still possible. I realized the concept of indolence. That's efficient.

Shirone pointed to the human storage.

"Did you lock people up there?"

- Efficient management. It is to maintain the object in a direction that minimizes the waste of power. My power source only has 100 million years left.

said the drone, looking up at the electric cloud.

-I like that sky. You probably won't like it from a human point of view, but it doesn't matter. No one wants to get out of the barrel anymore.

"Aren't there any normal people?"

-Everyone is fine.

The drone's hose pointed at Shirone.

-If you're talking about people like you, well. That's something I can't figure out either. The Utopia project was perfect. They still enjoy eternal life.

The drone shuddered and malfunctioned.

- There is no one in utopia. enjoying eternal life But why is there no one there? coward? infinite?

Argo, the manager of Utopia, went mad while calculating cowardice and infinite contradiction.

- The population continued to decline.

Leaving posterity was not an important issue for those who were endlessly digging into the virtual world.

- The project was perfect. death cannot exist. why does it decrease to prevent extinction of the species.

The drone hurriedly looked back at Shirone.

- You don't have to think about it. You just don't have to realize that you're alive. You are working hard.

Shirone captured the ruined gray landscape in her eyes.

'This is the last world... ... .'

mental end.

No one would know that the universe existed here anymore.

'And this... ... .'

The last point the concept of cowardice can reach.

-go.

said the drone.

-Do the same thing as last time. I'm not doing any new operations anymore. Sloth is efficient.

Argo will not find a better solution.

"Same thing as last time... ... ."

guessed what

'It's liberating.'

Shirone's eyes filled with sadness when he remembered the people in the human storage.

As Shirone slowly closed her eyes and opened her arms wide, Argo said goodbye.

- Utopia project is perfect.



* * *



"Sigh! Sigh!"

Leaning her back against the building, Lian desperately lifted her staggering, bent knees.

'I can't fall asleep.'

He hadn't slept at all for six days.



- Smille. Smille.



The fact that Smille's hallucinations can be heard even though he is just breathing means that his physical state has already reached death.

The building collapsed with a roar, and Bak-nyeo approached in a naked state with a sword hanging down.

'How are you holding up?'

Lian's eyes were indifferent to the woman's body.

According to Tsuoi's theory, if you keep your spirits together, you won't be able to see your underwear.

"Krrrrrr."

A harsh moan escaped from the woman's mouth.

'It's not normal.'

At the same time as Lian, who was the only comforter, bounced her back off the wall, Park Nyeo charged.

'My legs don't move.'

Lian, who jumped out at a terrifying speed, struck her sword straight.

'My arm doesn't move.'

A great straight sword descended like a flash toward the crown of Baknyeo's head.

"Yaaaaa!"

In front of the vision of the world splitting in two, Park Nyeo rolled her eyes and went behind Lian.

"Keugh!"

Without even jumping, she turned upside down and landed on Lian's neck with her knee, knocking her down.

'choke!'

It was a strategy that Park Nyeo found after six days of fighting.

"Big!"

With her face buried between her legs, Park Nyeo squeezed Lian's breath and curled up like a cat.

"Kreur! Krrrr!"

Then he lifted his elbow and started hitting Lian's head like crazy.

Hearing the sound of his skull breaking, Lian felt his consciousness fade away.

'no! If you lose your mind, it's the end.'

If you can't breathe for a long time in suspended animation, you may never wake up.

'I have to get out now!'

As Lian, who got up, ran with her head in front of her, a lot of cover hit Park Nyeo.

"Krrrr... ... !"

Nevertheless, Baknyeo hooked her legs like a padlock and continued to hit Lian's head.

Finally, Lian's consciousness is cut off.



- Smille.



For the first time, the hallucinatory voice was heard clearly.

'what?'

With his brain crushed, what Lian was looking at was an ancient man with long black hair.

"brother?"

At first glance, his appearance reminded me of Ogent Lay, but his eyes were even colder than that.

"who is this? Where is this?"

"flesh."

When the man passed his hand behind his back, a large straight sword similar to Lian's appeared and descended in an arc.

'That's... ... idea?'

I wondered how a man could own an object that was only one in the world.

'No, where did you come from?'

"mental."

The man who spat that out strode forward and swung a great sword right in front of Lian's eyes.

"The body drives the mind."

A vertical flash of light penetrated Lian's forehead and expanded to the left and right, opening the world.

At the same time as Lian's eyes opened, Park's monstrous sense foretold danger.

'what?'

As soon as they moved away, the big straight sword drew an oblique line and Lian jumped up.

"Huh! Huh!"

As Lian's broken brain regenerated, consciousness returned as if a film had been connected.

'It was cut.'

Bak-nyeo's right eyelid was torn diagonally, and blood gushed out.

'how?'

Bak-nyeo was already convinced of the danger before Lian swung the sword.

However, as if time had slowed down, his body did not move even when he saw the sword flying.

"It is not a sword."

Lian, who was recalling what had happened while in suspended animation, muttered with enlightened eyes.

"What the body wields is the mind."



- Do you understand?



What Quan had shown in Radum, the true intentions contained in the sword rushed in, and a shudder arose.

"Is it a sword?"

Park Nyeo, who was in the posture of a beast, stood up and a V-shaped incarnation was born as if it were about to explode.

"to the end... ... You came."

Bak-nyeo's figure disappeared as if evaporating, and Lian's mind moved faster than he was aware of.

'Cut it!'

My heart first cut Bak-nyeo.

'death.'

Lian's arm didn't even move yet, but that was nothing more than an instant stretch of time.

When I saw Lian's sword, which started late, I twisted my upper body as much as I could, but it didn't move even one millimeter.

'How fast is it?'

Perhaps the speed of thought.

Lian's arms burst open with a thump as a flash of change split the world apart.

"Aww!"

The big sword fell to the ground, and Lian, whose arm had disappeared from the shoulder, frowned.

"Is that your own sword?"

The moment she lifted her head, a line was drawn from her stomach to her navel, and blood gushed out.

Even though 11,200 years of life were coming to an end, the eyes waiting for death remained calm.

"Clean up well. It's a good technique."

"... ... Do you have any last words?"

They met as enemies and fought for their lives, but I thought I could listen to their will.

It opened softly in the mouth of Park Nyeo, who was staring at the sky.

"I think he had a son... ... ."

It was a very old story.

"yes? How did it go?"

"How is it... ... ."

Park Nyeo's eyes slowly closed.

"He is dead."

Lian wished Park Nyeo rest in peace.

'Living, facing death.'

Isn't the eternal life of an eternal life so simple when you get to the goal and look back?

"Shirone."

Since the battle wasn't over yet, Lian lifted the great sword as soon as his arm regenerated.

"I hope it's not too late."

As I ran toward Andre's entrance with a tired body, I saw Kido burying his face in the soil.

"Kiddo!"

Lian, who hurriedly turned Kido's body, patted his cheek while brushing the dust off his face.

"Wake! Kido!"

"eww... ... ."

Kido's eyes moved left and right as his eyelids fluttered open.

"Lian?"

Kido, who came to his senses, suddenly stood up.

"What about Shirone? What happened?"

"do not know. I just finished the battle. What about the Magan bandits?"

Before Kido could answer, Lian checked the body of the vice-captain who had collapsed at the entrance and nodded.

"Here it is. I will look for Shirone."

"What are you talking about? Of course I have to go too."

As he raised himself up holding the broken spear in both hands, a scream was heard from inside Andre.

"what? The Maga bandits were wiped out... ... ."

Before Kido could finish his words, Lian kicked off the ground and jumped into the labyrinth.

=======================================
[730] Flesh (3)





* * *



10 minutes before Lian realized the sword.

As Shirone stepped aside, Seongeum's finger pointed at the empty air.

Embarrassed, she slowly lowered her arm.

"Do you want to go first?"

Anchal said that it is impossible to collide with something that does not exist, but Shirone was clearly in front of Seongeum's eyes.

"No, you are running away. Let's know that you can't win against me. That's how you calm down."

Seongeum turned to Shirone and pointed at Shirone's forehead with a more determined gesture.

"I am one step ahead of you. If you admit the truth, admit defeat meekly."

Shirone thought for a moment and then lowered his head.

"I lost. You are above me."

"no!"

Voice was angry.

"That's not what I want!"

Victory, the highest position, was not what Seongeum had thought of.

"Aren't you angry? You are now deprived of the position of the world's best magician. If you're going to give up so easily, what on earth did you come here for?"

'What did I do my best for?'

I seemed to know now.

"as soon as... ... ."

Shirone placed her hands on her chest.

"To become who I am today."

"... ... ."

The voice was mind-boggling.

"I risked my life, won and won, and came this far... ... ."

Actually, I didn't want to fight.

"Either fighting you or raising your Kar value. why? If I just take a step back... ... ."

Shirone was happy.

"No one is unhappy. Maybe we can become good friends. If you give me a step."

"One step... ... Yield?"

Seongeum imagined walking side by side with Shirone.

'no.'

Next to Shirone, Mungyeong, next to Mungyeong, the warriors of the Three Jewels, and again, next to him, all of humanity joined hands... ... .

"no!"

It was an imagination that denied the life of Seong-eum.

"It can't be that easy! Someone will try to use it! Someone will step on you and try to prove it!"

It is impossible to love the whole.

"yes. I don't mean run away. Rather, I will fight more aggressively. But no more... ... ."

Shirone's skin became clearer.

"I don't want to fight for an illusion that doesn't exist."

"Illusion? An illusion?"

What have you been fighting for so far?

"Let's fight together. For everyone's happiness, not an illusion. You can do it."



- You can't bump into something that doesn't exist.



At last, the words of Anchal pierced the curtain of the brain.

'together. all together... ... .'

Seongeum stared at Shirone's outstretched hand and slowly moved her arm.

'Just hold this hand... ... .'

It's so easy.

'It will be equal.'

That thought blocked Seongeum's mind.

"I refuse, idealist."

Shirone's words were right in that everyone dreams, but unrealistic in that no one can achieve them.

"Don't make the mistake of thinking that I gave you a job. I will walk my way If the world needs to be saved, this Jin Seong-eum can do it. That is the best mission."

Mungyeong clenched both fists.

'You're welcome, Princess!'

Although he was anxious when he gave up, he was of the noblest lineage of the Jincheon Empire.

'That's how you go. You don't have to look back, just go for the highest.'

The voice turned coldly.

"Let's go back. There is no La Enemy here either. I will enter the last remaining labyrinth and subdue Nane."

At that time, a cracking sound was heard outside Andre.

"what?"

The warriors of the three treasures turned their bodies at the same time.

"Looks like there are people out there. Shall we check?"

Mungyeong was unable to give instructions.

'This is the sound the sword makes.'

The fact that he was a master among masters was that he was swung at a speed beyond imagination.

"yes? what?"

Feeling the heaviness immediately after hearing the sound, Ziggs pulled Ymir's molars out of his pocket.

"Hey, this... ... ."

Strangely, I felt heavier than before.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Eventually, it became impossible to lift it with human strength, and Ziggs' shoulders fell off and he sat down with a thump.

"Sah, save me! this this!"

I screamed with the back of my hand on the floor, but no one in Sambo could come close.

With a clunk, all five of Ziggs' fingers snapped and caught in Ymir's fangs.

awesome awesome

At that time, Ziggs couldn't even groan at the vicious sight that started from his hands and spread to his entire body.

Hundreds of bones slammed into Ymir's molars with a snapping sound.

As the mass of flesh, which was the size of a human torso, continued to compress, the sound of the waves could be heard through the ether of the voice.

"Back off! It's a gravitational wave!"

We still don't know the true meaning of gravity.

'A mass enough to crumple a person?'

Gravity is converted into mass for a being with five senses, but Anke Ra, who dreams of the universe, defined it as such.



-How fierce is it?



"Wake up! Avoid!"

Before Ymir's fighting instincts were awakened, it was but a single molar.

"Shut up! I will never run away!"

The presence of the body that radiates as the mind that unites 10 billion people awakens... ... .

"Princess! This is Ymir!"

It is nailed to space and time with a powerful presence that is unshakable by any wave in the universe.

"Who woke me up?"

The regeneration that started from the molars formed the face, and the body was quickly regenerated along the shoulder line.

"I-that... ... ."

Even Mungyeong, who was worried about Seongeum, was mesmerized by the appearance of the person in the myth.

With a height of nearly 3 meters and broad shoulders.

With a sturdy lower jaw, his forearms as thick as a log were bent along a thicker neckline.



The king of giants, Ymir (molar).



As the body regenerated, the gravitational waves disappeared, but it felt like the space around it shook just by existing.

"What are you guys?"

Even though there were two ivory tower candidates, Ymir looked around as if he wasn't interested.

"Where are you? Why am I awake?"

Although it is part of the main body, it is not perfect, so the memories engraved in the body are fragmentary.

As Ymir moved, the ceiling thumped.

"Hmm."

While the warriors of the three treasures were widening the distance, Ymir looked at Shirone and the voice in turn.

"It's okay. But it's boring stuff."

Because it was a molar tooth that had been separated from the main body a long time ago, Ymir's flesh brain had no memory of Shirone.

"Are you Ymir?"

Jin Seong-eum was the first to move.

"As expected, he has a solid figure befitting the title of king. Apparently he absorbed 10 billion humans... ... ."

Ymir's face crumpled terribly.

"Your lifespan will depend on what you say next."

As long as he didn't bring up something he didn't want to hear, Ymir was willing to go back to sleep.

"Can those 10 billion people kneel before me?"

"Cheack."

Ymir's eyes flipped over and his speculation filled up as hududu dust fell from the labyrinth's ceiling.

"Wrong."

Sambo's warriors jumped out.

"Kill! Protect the princess!"

As befits the empire's top elite, his speed was lightning fast, but he realized it the moment Ymir met his eyes.

'It breaks.'

The heart breaks Sambo's head first.



Divine Transcendence - Shim Kwon.



Then, as Ymir's fists swung in all directions, the faces of the 18 Sambos exploded like watermelons.

"Ha ha ha ha!"

Among the 18 faceless warriors who fell, there was only one who was not struck by Ymir's heart.

'I kill!'

It was Dae-seok, the vice-captain of Sambo.

"Is this a good reaction after a while?"

When Ymir opened his mouth and raised his fist towards him, Dae-seok threw his upper body back with all his might.

'It didn't fit!'

It was proof that his heart was still intact.

'Exactly right in front of my eyes... ... !'

As he measured the distance with his superhuman eyesight and raised his sword, Ymir's fists stopped with a popping sound.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Dae-seok's face is pushed away by the strong wind.

"Ah ah ah ah ah!"

All her hair was pulled out, her pupils ruptured, and her ears ripped out.

aaaaa

When the screams finally stopped, a skeleton with missing skin knelt in front of Ymir.

"Dae, Dae Suk... ... ."

Mungyeong could not accept the miserable words of a man with similar skills.

"Your body is very stiff."

As if he had been warming up up until now, Ymir shook his shoulders and looked back at his voice.

"One person."

Seongeum's shoulders trembled.

'The body?'

Aren't humans and creatures great because they have minds?

"Princess, avoid your seat. I will stop you."

Accepting Dae-seok's death, Mungyeong raised his sword as he stood in front of Seong-eum's three treasures.

"Run away."

Shirone said.

"There is no need to make victims anymore. you can run away Get out of here now."

"Was it just words after all?"

Seong-eum narrowed her eyes and shot at him.

"Is the saying that you will fight limited only to opponents who can win? So, do you want me to give you a step?"

"I will stop it."

Aside from the 19,000 Shirone, they couldn't leave as long as Lian and Kido remained.

"This is my labyrinth. Get her men and back off."

To be honest, I wasn't sure if I would be able to get away from Ymir even with the power of the voice.

"It was I who brought that giant."

Seong-eum passed through Mungyeong and approached Ymir.

"I will take responsibility."

"no! If you approach... ... !"

Before Syrone could finish his words, Ymir slammed the ground and threw himself.

The ground collapsed with a thump, and Ymir's body rushed towards the voice at terrifying speed.



Etheric Waves - Theater.



As the aether vibrated, space began to ripple around her.

"Princess... ... !"

Mungyeong's voice flies to the end of the world.

"Hahaha!"

Ymir's laughter broke through.

'how?'

If the wavelength of space is expressed as a torrent, Ymir's presence was as fierce as a rock splitting the torrent in two.

'I have to push it away!'

Hearing the sound of the gravitational waves spreading from Ymir's body, the voice bit his lips.

"You use strange techniques."

Ymir's voice seemed to be near and far, as if it were a rubber band.

"The kind I hate the most."

The width of the vibration is the end and end of the world.

The moment I met eyes with the one at the forefront of Ymir, who was swaying beyond measure.

Voice realized.

'Right.'

The heart beats first.

'I can't avoid it.'

In the midst of the momentary stretch of time, Ymir's fist flew slowly towards the forehead.

Due to the highest blow that a living creature could reach, the body of the Holy Spirit could not function in any way.

'Am I going to die?'

That was all he could think of in a short moment, and when Ymir's fist finally pierced the vocal cords.

'Poems of fire!'

Shirone, who collided the space wave with the time wave, was approaching while regurgitating the etheric wave.

'Even you?'

Seongeum, whose self-esteem collapsed in the situation where everyone crossed the iron wall, expanded the immortal function to the limit.



Etheric Waves - Super Theater.



Shirone moved away again, but Ymir was still there.

The fist, which seemed to be pushed back, approached Seongeum again, pushing through the air.

'It's over.'

The time when the ego of Seongeum is about to be shattered in the infinitely expanding consciousness.

The seesaw of time began to level out.

'how?'

In the ether that spreads at the speed of light, there was someone who came back at great speed.

'Nonsense... ... !'

Now, the head of the voice was faster than Ymir's fist, and she could see Shirone spreading a black and white magic circle.

'Valhalla Action!'

What Shirone, who pulled all the time of 19,000 people, reversed cause and effect and surpassed it.

"... ... ,"

It was a step towards Jinseongeum.

'done! Got it!'

As he grabbed Seongeum by the waist and threw himself, Ymir's fist flew through the air.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

The wind pressure pushed away all the land and advanced, and a pop and a piercing sound exploded from the depths of the cave.

Ymir's face crumpled terribly.

"Great!"

heart is broken

=======================================
[731] Body (4)





* * *



Emperor Aganos.

The manager of the 3.8th floor, where the Archmage was asleep, entered Uorin's room along with Gando.

"Empress, Shirone's debts have all been repaid."

When no answer came back, the manager looked carefully and added his words.

"I didn't leave any debt behind."

It was Uorin's order.

'But it may not be Theaze's judgment.'

Gando thought so.

Originally, it was appropriate to plan for the decisive moment by leaving one second of room in Shirone's debt.

In return, it was not a waste to put one of the great wizards in the empire to sleep forever.

'What made the queen change?'

Uorin said in a soft voice.

"I get it. There will be a reward sooner or later."

The caretaker waved his hand angrily.

"no. Sosin expects something like that... ... ."

"receive. He suffered a lot during that time."

"Your last name is ruined."

No matter how deep the manager's loyalty was, the reward of Uorin, which was the most distributed in the world, made my heart skip a beat.

"Empress, why did you give such an order?"

When the manager left the room, Gando asked.

Even the empress of an empire could fall in love, but a clouded judgment did not suit Theraje.

"Nothing has changed. It's just remaking the board."

Gando does not know yet.

After Shirone accepted the proposal of Karatorsa, the Mudeung Dragon, what kind of pain Uorin had been waiting for today.

'This is the world where Shirone lives.'

I can finally meet you.

"Gando, the world will change. All the things we have so far neglected will come upon us."

What really matters is... ... .

Uorin finally turned around and said with a warm smile that he hadn't seen before.

"This is the beginning of a true Great Purification."



* * *



Ymir's fist cut through the air and wept.

'What happened?'

His body is so hard that even if he throws his heart punches at the speed of thought, there won't be the slightest crack.

'Simta caught.'

However, when the actions of the body went against the result, the damage to the mind was considerable.

'An angel's ability?'

According to his memory, the magic circle that the wizard had just cast was Ikasa's Valhalla action.

Shirone, who rolled on the ground holding on to the voice, frowned.

"Keugh!"

It attracted all the time of 19,000 people and surpassed the super theater of voice, but the shock the body received was beyond imagination.

'This is Ymir... ... .'

He had dealt with many strong enemies, but he was the first one to warp space-time with the power of his body.

"Princess! Are you all right!"

As the etheric wave disappeared and the space returned, Mungyeong checked the comfort of the voice.

"Princess... ... !"

What finally caught my eye was the figure of Shirone lying on top of the voice.

'Oh, how... ... ?'

As Mungyeong was shocked, Seongeum's eyelids slowly opened.

"Mmm."

"Are you out of your mind? If you're a little late, you'll be in big trouble."

Shirone knew better than anyone else the dangers of opening immortal functions to the limit.

"yes?"

Seongeum blinked at the surreal sight without even having time to recall the memories from a moment ago.

Shirone's face filled his field of vision.

'weird. Why are you so close?'

The moment when you can feel the weight of Shirone pressing against your skin and lying down in an embarrassing position.

"uh? uhh... ... ."

Neither the brilliant wisdom nor the cold rationality disappeared, and only unknown shocks swirled in my head.

"You you you, you you you... ... !"

It was the first time Mungyeong had ever seen Seongeum stuttering so badly.

"Gaga-ga, dare! me, my body... ... !"

Before she could finish her words, Shirone lifted her voice and teleported to distance herself from Ymir.

"Wake. It's not over yet."

During the brief moment of teleportation, the voice reminded of Ymir's existence and pushed Shirone to her feet.

"Hmph, I just underestimated my opponent."

Indeed, he had judgment worthy of an ivory tower candidate, but he could not hide his face as hot as persimmon.

'What kind of bullshit is this... ... .'

Because she had never allowed anyone else's touch, the weight of Shirone was still vivid.

'Getting help from a competitor.'

However, he couldn't repay the favor of the person who saved his life with ingratitude, which only burned his stomach.

"They are absurd people."

It was Ymir's fighting spirit that seemed to transcend the limits of living things that brought back the spirit of the voice.

Shirone spoke while watching Ymir, who was stooping as if he was about to jump out at any moment.

"Be careful. If we don't get it done here... ... ."

"Know."

Seongeum's eyes regained their usual anticipation.

"I will take responsibility. I will never let that monster into the world."

Although it was nothing more than the molars of the main body, it was a force that could end a city in an instant.

"I don't think you guys woke me up... ... ."

When it comes to combat, Ymir's animalistic sense of smell never fails.

"Simta?"

The moment Ymir's eyes widened, Shirone and Seongeum felt their bodies twist.

'Great pressing... ... !'

It was an eye technique that was on a different level from anything I had ever experienced.

"die."

It seemed as if the ground collapsed silently, but soon after, a roar erupted and Ymir's body disappeared.

'come!'

It was a speed that could not be avoided with a simple sense of shock, and the magic circle of Valhalla action appeared above Shirone's head.

'what?'

The calculation to reverse the causal effect was completed, but the spirit zone staggered and shook due to overloading.

'no! If this breaks... ... !'

The incident that 19,000 Shirones were going through would also disappear in vain.

"Shirone!"

Before Lian's voice could reach him, Ymir swerved at terrifying speed.

'This is the guy!'

Indeed, as the fighting instincts were awakened after a long time, I felt that each cell was sparkling.

'Are you a prosecutor?'

The moment Lian's eyes met.

'It was cut.'

Having his heart cut first meant that the swordsman in front of him was using the same skill as himself.

"Huh!"

As Ymir lifted his arms to block the big sword, veins rose on both of Lian's temples.

'damn! I'm blocked!'

It was the shock of Shimta that I experienced for the first time.

"What are you?"

It was a familiar smell, and therefore unpleasant, but Lian's appearance was not in Ymir's memory.

"Ymir?"

As Lian, who belatedly realized his identity, raised his eyes, Ymir kicked him in the stomach.

"Annoying."

With a crackling sound, the elbow part snapped, and Lian's torso flew straight like a cannon ball.

"Lian!"

Kido, who arrived late, got it, but couldn't handle the shock and rolled on the floor.

"Aaaagh!"

Lian, who had managed to balance herself, stared at Ymir while on her knees.

His own two arms were dangling from the handle of the great jigsaw embedded in the giant's arm.

"Ymir."

Since I met him in heaven, the memories of striking him with a sword while thinking of him countless times passed by like a kaleidoscope.

"Hmm, it's a sword. Even so... ... ."

Ymir, who pulled out his great sword and dropped Lian's arm, set <Idea> upright.

"There aren't that many swords that cut my muscles."

Ymir held the sword horizontally, grabbed the handle and the edge of the blade, and applied force as if it would bend.

"Whoa!"

As the force beyond imagination was applied, the space around Ymir began to sway.

"Goaaaaaa!"

Finally, all the air was sucked in and an explosion shook Andre.

Woo woo woo!

Mungyeong turned her head at the roar, looked at Ymir again, and her face turned pale.

'I-I can't do that.'

Despite the power that can kill people only with wind pressure, not even a slight deformation was applied to <Idea>.

"Quack. Kkkkkkkkk."

Ymir nodded and turned to Lian.

"Now I understand, why did you wake up?"

The degree of straightness is probably an object.

However, as far as Ymir knew, there was only one being who could imagine an indestructible concept.

"How are you and Ogent?"

Lian bent her broken arm and stood up.

"I am Ogentrian."

"yes? Ogent?"

Ymir raised an eyebrow.

Lian's thick lines and masculine appearance did not show any nostalgia for Augent.

"I don't remember... ... ."

Unlike the other parts, Ymir's molars had been buried independently in the ruins for a very long time.

"Well, you'll know once you hit it with your body."

That was Ymir's way, and he grabbed the great sword like a spear and threw it with great force.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

Lian's expression distorted as he watched his sword pierce the wall and disappear.

Ymir said, shaking his palms.

"It is not a sword that can be wielded by clumsily copying it."

Unless it was a force equivalent to that of the King of Giants, he would not have realized the true horror of <Idea>.

"Should we start by dealing with the intruders first?"

When Ymir turned around, Mungyeong, who was guarding the Seongeum, drew his sword and shouted.

"Shut up! who will do that... ... !"

His words were cut off, and Shirone and Seongeum also looked over Ymir's shoulders with shocked eyes.

Awesome! Awesome!

When Ymir, who was frightened by the unique sound of a creature being destroyed, slowly turned his head.

"Lee, Lian... ... ."

Kido, who had hit his butt, was trembling as he looked up at a goblin that looked like Lian.

"I've been waiting for this day, Ymir."

Ymir was always at the tip of the sword.

"yes? I don't know who you are?"

Lian's back exploded, and the ruptured muscle fibers fluttered like a haze.

"Don't take a step from there and come to me. You will regret it otherwise."

Lian's incarnation technique is usually strong, but... ... .

"Funny. What do you expect to happen?"

The enemy he is facing now is Ymir, the king of giants, who is said to be the strongest creature in history.

"Great!"

Lian's eyes rolled over, and the fluttering muscle fibers were quickly twisted and sucked into his body.

The shape of the muscles, which were completely different from those of humans and seemed to be made only for battle, seemed to be looking at a goblin.



Divine Transcendence - Phantasmal Metamorphosis.



"Imitation that is not the same... ... !"

As Lian broke the ground and rushed in, Ymir twisted his upper body with terrifying force.

On the seesaw of leveled time, the time when the bodies of the two moved slowly as if they would never reach it.

"Yaaaaaa!"

Volumes were exchanged at the speed of thought.

'Shim Kwon! Simta! Shim Kwon! Simta! Shim Kwon! Shim Kwon! Simta! Shim Kwon!'

Mungyeong trembled as Andre was embroidered with the sound of meat being ground.

'What the heck... ... .'

It felt like the pain was transmitted just by the sound.

'What happened to a human being?'

Ymir was curious for the first time.

'It's Ogent Lian. Ogent... ... yes?'

Ymir's eyes tightened as he checked Lian's face in the pouring fist.

'Blue hair.'

not an ogent

'Right.'

That's how it went on.

'Smille!'

Ymir exploded with joy as he glared at Lian's heart, which stretched at a tremendous speed.

"It's been a while, Ogent!"

With a popping sound, each other's jaws turned at the same time, and the eyes of those who watched were tightly closed.

"Gagging!"

A molar came out of Ymir's mouth and penetrated the labyrinth with great power.

Aaaaaang!

Mungyeong's gaze turned back to Ymir, shocked at the hole in the cave wall.

"Two!"

He spat on the floor and wiped his lips.

"... ... Second."

=======================================
[732] Two gazes (1)





Ivory Tower artificiality.

The seven stars called by Taeseong were talking about the world, forgetting the time.

"Yes, I will."

Numerous issues were dealt with.

"By the way... ... ."

From ancient history to the present, Taeseong seemed to know nothing, and the questions of the stars finally approached the essence.

"What does Ra really want?"

At Zuoi's question, the six stars were lost in thought.

"You're trying to become a god."

Heukangshi's words were close to an incorrect answer in that they did not resolve the question.

Minnie asked.

"What is the justice of God? Creator? Then Ra cannot be a god."

Borbor, who was still lying face down like a spider, raised her gaze to Mini who was sitting on the top of her head.

"The fact that we exist means that there is someone who has already created it. God is God, meaning we can't be God."

God is God.

The ghost goblin Arte fluttered his fan.

"If we can create something, then we are no different from God. It's just a cowardly thought. Wouldn't a true god be something beyond cowardice?"

Mongin Louver looked back at Taeseong.

"I would like to hear it at this point. Taeseong, what do you think Ra wants?"

"Right."

Taeseong raised his index finger.

"If God created the universe, it means that God is absolutely right in this universe. Whatever he does, it is right. Therefore, if Ra realizes that he is absolutely right, he can also be called a god."

"God is absolutely right."

Louver raised his head with a faint look.

"Everyone is right when they dream. Maybe God is a being who dreams a dream that never wakes up."

"that's right. Our integrity is there."

Taeseong got up for the first time and looked down at the shining planet under the glass floor.

"From the universe to the natural world, from the natural world to the living world. In the cosmic hierarchy, we are infinitely weak. But a dreamer."

Taeseong looked back at the stars waiting for his words with benevolent eyes.

"We can dream of our own universe. Even if this place is God's dream, we must keep dreaming."

Taeseong, who had closed his eyes for a while in the solemn atmosphere, slowly opened his lips.

"The time when that dream is broken is approaching."



* * *



In the world of nothingness outside the gates of extinction, Nane came to establish numerous thoughts.

La Enemy's body still didn't move as if he was dead, and at some point his case came to mind.

"Are your thoughts organized?"

Nane answered Ra Enemy in the past.

"already."

"Then why are you conflicted? What are the remaining attachments of you who have realized Gong?"

The world Nane realized was a series of suffering, and what remained at the end of that suffering was eternal nothingness.

"Extinction is always right. just one thing... ... ."

Nane approached the body of Ra Enemy.

"Except for irreversibility."

There is no hesitation in accepting La Enemy's proposal, but there is no turning back.

"It is absolutely right because it is irreversible."

that's also true.

"To save sentient beings groaning in pain. If that's the last mission left to me... ... ."

La Enemy was told.

"Swallow my dream. Become an irreversible right and save the sentient beings you want."

Since it does not exist in the first place, it is empty.

'Why do I suffer?'

No pleasure, no pain, no misfortune, no happiness, it's just an illusion in a dream that doesn't even exist after it passes.

"Wake up."

Nane decided to become a Buddha herself and enlighten the mind of the people who are suffering in the world.

"It is your dream now."

As La Enemy's body was released into light particles and permeated into Nane, the Kar value began to increase endlessly.



Kar value: 99.9999999999... ... percent.



From Nane's body, which had taken the seal of the sermon, a near-infinite blade spread out in a circle.

"Only those who understand are free from the cowardice of pain."

You are almost right.

Thus, his words become powerful truths that have an impact on the world... ... .

"Open your eyes."

The moment his tongue moved, the world of nothingness exploded into pieces creating a crack of light.



"I-what is that?"

The moment Canis widened her eyes, Harvest grabbed him and Arin and moved away at breakneck speed.

Even so, Canis couldn't take her eyes off her.

"What the hell is going on... ... ."

The energy field mixed with red light and black light was expanding endlessly in the form of a sphere.

As the explorers stationed near Pytharos spread everywhere, Arin told the shocking truth.

"Kanis, the boundary... ... They are disappearing."

"What boundaries?"

"Boundaries of menarche. I see something peeling off. Perhaps the sight you see now is the same as mine."

Arin's menarche penetrates the veil of the underworld in that it grasps the nature of matter.

'That means... ... .'

Reality and unreality were merging.

"Canis, is something coming out of there?"

The size of the energy field pointed out by Harvest was huge, over 100 meters in diameter.

"Shit! It's a demon! Everyone ready for battle!"

In that huge space, the hideous-looking inhabitants of the other side appeared, uttering incomprehensible words.

"Imprint our fears! Conquer this world!"

It was the gunfire that signaled the beginning of the Great Purification Period.



* * *



'It's finally here!'

Oh Dae-seong, Buddha Mahagaruta, who guards Taeseong's room in the Ivory Tower, raised his eyelids.

His pupils, which appeared as the brilliance that emitted brilliant light calmly subsided, were completely different from those of humans.

"Is it about time?"

After he loosened his cross-legged seat and put his legs on the floor, he looked up at the sky and the scenery around him poured down like a waterfall.

"Oh Dae-seong?"

At the sight of Mahagarutha entering the artificial castle, the seven stars gathered in the seat turned their heads.

'Mahagaruta? No, you're not human, are you?'

Mahagarutha's pupils, which had no guns in their eyes, had two pupils in one eyeball.

"You are welcome, Mahagartha."

Taeseong smiled sadly and Ban Kija Mahagarutha put his palms together and bowed his head.

"A little while ago, you became a Buddha."

"Yes? I beg your pardon?"

Tsuoi stood up, and Borbor and Mini opened their mouths in disbelief.

Taehyung calmly replied.

"okay. now... ... Are you leaving?"

"Two rightnesses cannot exist in one universe. That is the order of the match."

Nane had conquered the whole world, and there must have been Mahagaruta's rightness in it.

Arte asked.

"What about the altar?"

"Nane swallowed the dream of Ra Enemy. Sooner or later, altars around the world will be opened, and reality and unreality will no longer be separated."

Mongin Louver said.

"Wake up from each other's dreams, and only dream of mine. It will be a nightmare. A lot of people will suffer."

"Even if it's a nightmare, a dream is just a dream."

Mahagartha understood me.

"If I am one right, you are another right. He chose to free the dreamers from the suffering of this world."

Tsuoi said.

"I don't want to. I just want to suffer and live."

"That, too, is an illusion created by pain, and you only realize it once the pain is gone."

The moment it cannot be turned back, it becomes the truth.

"Nane is the one I looked at from the farthest. Life cycles endlessly and suffers endlessly. From a distance, this universe is, after all, a living organism. That creature is wandering in eternal torment. without any meaning."

Mahagaruta looked back at the universe.

"It is not wrong for someone to cut you off. Extinction is always right. Except that there is no turning back."

Because there was no turning back, Mahagaruta could not choose.

"Now my rightness will disappear and my rightness will lead the world. I can only hope that his 'rightness' is right."

Taesung said.

"If I am wrong... ... ."

It was the only case where I was wrong.

"What would happen if all living beings formed a unified mental system and rejected him with one will?"

Seeing Taeseong still not giving up hope, Mahagarutha made a puzzled expression.

Having life means being selfish, so we can never be one.

"... ... Find a new star. There must be someone to take my place."

Taeseong's eyes turned moist.

"I will miss you."

A kind smile appeared on Mahagarutha's lips, and for the last time, a radiance flashed in his eyes.

"... ... ."

As if it never existed from the beginning, the stars became complicated as they looked at the spot where the Buddha had disappeared.

'Where did it go?'

A world of nothingness, or somewhere else that transcends even that.

Arte asked.

"Taesung, please teach me. What should the ivory tower do?"

"Let's look at the ground."

Taking a deep breath and calming down, Taeseong looked down at the planet under the glass floor with keen eyes.

'What's going on?'

Taeseong's body, which had gradually become blurry, finally disappeared as transparent as air.

The two-star residents opened their mouths in a daze.

'This is Taeseong's ability.'

She could feel every event taking place on this planet as if she were in direct contact with it.

'Gaia.'

Because she is this planet.



* * *



Ymir's presence was overwhelming.

"Ha ha ha! Exciting!"

Ignoring Shirone and Jin Seong-eum, Lian and Kido's pincers, the cave walls were blown apart by their fists.

'It's not a fuss. The wind pressure alone will kill me.'

The ground spirit's denai was crushing the floor like a swamp, but Ymir didn't even pretend to escape.

"Poor things... ... !"

Ymir pushed his body buried up to his waist as it was, but Lian's fist struck him in the face.

'Yes, this is it.'

Ymir shuddered at the spark that exploded in his head.

'This is how I feel alive.'

What if we had to live in a world where no matter was heavier than ourselves?

What if the most powerful stimulus is just a gentle breeze tickling your skin?

'I felt like I was going crazy.'

To Ymir, Lian's fist was a pleasure even if it was painful.

"Goaaaaaa!"

Mungyeong trembled at the battle of the monsters knocking each other without any room for Shimta.

'Damn it! I can't even intervene.'

It hurt his pride that even the insignificant goblins helped control Ymir's actions.

"more! Pour more!"

Ymir's fist, which he threw out with excitement, suddenly disappeared and struck his own face.

"... ... ."

The shock was truly enormous, but his body also had durability that transcended the limits of living things.

"It's not like this... ... ."

Where Ymir's gaze turned, the vocal sound that developed etheric waves was gasping for breath.

'It doesn't work. What happened to the body?'

Ymir, who hit Lian's stomach, turned to Seongeum and strode closer.

"That's why we have to deal with it first."

Fighting like this was no fun.

"Shirone, I will tie up Ymir, so attack. If the two of us work together, we have a chance of winning."

Instead of answering, I heard a loud kneeling sound.

"Huh!"

When Seong-eum turned around, Shirone's teeth were clenched and both hands were trembling.

"what's the matter? Being attacked... ... ."

The voice's heart sank.

'It explodes.'

The moment Shirone's face transcended paleness and shone transparently, the entrances to the 19,000 worlds began to vibrate at the same time.

'come. so huge... ... .'

insight.

The wheel of cowardice was coming to an end.

=======================================
[733] Two gazes (2)





* * *



When I opened the window, Amy smiled refreshingly as the warm spring breeze lingered in the cold of winter.

'The flowers will bloom now.'

She had devoted herself to training day and night in order to pass the official exam, but her heart fluttered as much as today.

'Shall we go out to the city in a while?'

I picked out pretty clothes and put on makeup in front of the mirror without thinking about showing it to anyone.

"Hmm... ... ."

Looking at her exceptionally pretty face, she puffed out her cheeks and made a cute gesture when the door opened.

"Amy, you should eat breakfast."

Amy's mother, Isis, sighed at the sight of her cute daughter, which she hadn't seen before.

"What are you doing alone?"

"... ... no, that's... ... ."

Amy, who had corrected her posture as if she had never done that before, said as she continued her makeup.

"We will eat breakfast outside. I'm going to go get some fresh air."

Even after the graduation exams, Amy's enthusiasm did not diminish in the slightest, but it was limited to magic.

"Don't do that, meet some men outside. You're always blank these days. I'm doing weird things now."

"What a strange thing. Is that something to say to her daughter?"

"I'm worried about it."

Isis, who was staring at Amy, spoke cautiously.

"Hey, my mom's friend has a son, and he asked me to introduce you... ... . It was a look I liked."

Amy let out an absurd laugh.

"What are you talking about, not like a mother? In the past, they cut it like a knife on their own."

"That's right, when you were a student, now... ... ."

"You know I'm meeting someone. How do you say that to see your face later?"

So that was the problem.

"But Shirone hasn't contacted me... ... Besides, so... ... ."

When she heard that she was officially dating Shirone, it was Isis who inquired in all directions to find out about the Ivory Tower.

'I heard it's dangerous. It's better to give up family.'

It was a jealous advice to Isis, who had a relationship with the kingdom's best wizard, but it wasn't particularly wrong.

'What's the use of a hundred powers if you don't come home.'

Amy, who couldn't stand Isis' worried eyes, put her hand on her waist and got angry.

"What the hell are you thinking? I haven't taken the official exam yet, and I haven't gotten a job yet!"

As Amy said, he was just 20 years old, but the problem was that it was unlikely that a normal relationship would end.

'Isn't that really why I can't even get married?'

Isis sighed and left the room.

"Anyway, be careful. Change your mood a bit."

"Anyway, worry... ... ."

Amy sent off her mother with a snort and started putting on her eye makeup in front of the mirror again.

'Shirone.'

I tried to come up with a complicated thought, but I shook my head hastily and erased the thought.

"Are you doing well?"

Isn't it the Aryan Shirone of the world?



* * *



Labyrinth Andre - World No. 9999.



In the heyday of the Eternal Life Project, Utopia, Shirone was given two options by Argo.

'Aggression and infinity.'

If he chooses cowardice, he will live forever, and if he chooses infinity, he will disappear at this moment.

- I like to live forever.

Argo suggested.

- There are so many benefits of being there forever. On the other hand, humans suffer from a disconnection of information every time. Fear is serious. Everything can be solved this way.

How many humans would refuse in a situation where eternal life is offered in the face of death?

Shirone didn't want to die.

'But... ... .'

I couldn't accept Argo's offer.

"No matter how huge the universe is, can it be bigger than the heart of a mother who loves her child?"

-well. Shall we analyze it?

"I will not choose eternal life."

Because there is no Amy.

"Can you say that living forever is worth more than a fleeting moment with the one you love?"

Argo's drone shuddered and Amy's hologram reappeared.

-... ... The concentration of emotions is amazing.

Amy's hologram grew endlessly until it reached the center's ceiling.

"That is why."

Shirone spread her arms and wept.

"No matter how big the universe is... ... ."

As the Immortal Function's mind spread to the infinite realm, the body emitted a pale flash of light.



* * *



"Goaaaaaa!"

The superhuman battle between Lian and Ymir now reached its final destination.

The body, which was as hard as an iron wall, was finally cracked by that hard fist.

"Hahaha! Good! more! Come in harder!"

Ymir's punch sent a flurry of blows, and Andre's wall collapsed without hesitation.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

"Dangerous!"

As the ceiling of the cave collapsed, a large rock landed on the spot where Shirone was crouching.

"this... ... !"

He distorted space with etheric waves and pushed back the lightning, but it was only a stopgap measure.

"Get up quickly! It's dangerous!"

"Huh... ... !"

Shirone couldn't even hear her voice.

'come! They keep coming... ... !'

Without knowing what concept it was, my head was filled with a unique realization.

All insight plays the role of building a bridge from ignorance to intelligence, but now it was 19,000 insights.

I felt like I would reach a single truth no matter which way I stretched, and even though I didn't want to accept it, it came like a wave.

"Eh, run away. I no longer... ... !"

The vocalist bit his molars and made a grunting sound.

'What the hell is going on?'

To others, it was just a pale face, but Seong-eum's eyes flashed a flash that seemed to explode the world.

"Princess! You must dodge quickly!"

The battle between Ymir and Lian was as if the martial gods fighting in the heavens descended to the ground, and sooner or later the entire labyrinth of Andre would pour down.

"more! more! more!"

Ymir sensed victory.

'Going crazy! Angry!'

It was so unfair and resentful.

"more! try more! you can do it! You mean this is the end!"

The repulsive force and pain that exploded as bodies collided with each other was so lovely.

'This is how it ends?'

Even Ankera, who is close to a god, could not control its biological strength and sealed it in the hardest ice in the world.

'It's a shock I feel after a while... ... !'

Ymir could not contain his anger.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Knuckles collided, and Lian's tendon burst as if twisting from his wrist, and his right arm was blown off.

"Big!"

Even so, Lian's body was still moving forward.

"You weak child!"

Ymir's fist slammed his stomach, causing his body to rise vertically, leaving an intaglio print on the ceiling.

"Gagging!"

Kido hurriedly ran as his body, which had been frozen in the ceiling, fell down.

"Lian, are you okay?"

Ymir exclaimed.

"Are you saying that just woke me up!"

"Calm down, Lian! lee... ... !"

Kido, who touched Lian's body, trembled.

'All my bones are crushed.'

Perhaps the intestines melted like porridge in the shockwave.

"On the subject of being chewed up by my molars... ... You wield a sword that will never break?"

There are countless objects with functions beyond imagination in the world, but Ymir knows.

Unbreakable is the strongest.

'A guy who can't even wield the strongest weapon... ... .'

Memories from a moment ago and memories from a long time ago intertwined in Ymir's head as he looked at Lian, who had spread out on the ground.

"Come to think of it... ... ."

Ymir's gaze was aimed at Shirone.

"Is it because of that guy that he endured?"

When he revealed his will to die to Shirone, Lian's body went through a metamorphosis and reached what it is now.

"Hehe, the memories are coming back again and again."

When Ymir completely turned to Shirone, the Holy Spirit exclaimed in surprise.

"Get up quickly! You don't have to fight or run away!"

"go. I'm Lian... ... Kido... ... ."

Mungyeong shouted at Seongeum.

"Princess! Avoid it for now! The charter is not good!"

Thanks to Shirone, he prevented Ymir from breaking through, but he couldn't imagine having a second chance.

'Yes, I have to come up with a new method.'

Seongeum made a decision and cast an etheric wave.

"I will definitely save you! I can't end up in debt like this! I'll take you!"

Seong-eum, who distorted Shirone's space, looked at Shirone's eyes, which still contained fighting spirit.

"Keugh!"

It shouldn't be taken this way.

"wake up."

Seongeum, who released the etheric waves, ran to Shirone and grabbed him by the shoulders and dragged him.

"Get up! You can't even fight!"

"Hwang, Princess... ... ."

Mungyeong was mesmerized by the sight of Seongeum removing his distance and dragging Shirone away.

"It is not about running away! After spending some time figuring out a way... ... ."

"I'm okay."

Shirone raised her head with a haggard complexion.

"Since Lian is watching over me, I'm fine."

Seong-eum looked at the state of Lian, who was still motionless, and turned her head again.

"That prosecutor is dead too. No one can protect you."

"Then I can't."

"what?"

Shirone smiled bitterly.

"If my sword breaks... ... I have no choice but to die."

At the same time as the words fell, Lian's shoulders twitched and convulsed.

"Lee, Lian... ... ."

Hearing Kido's voice and looking back, Lian stood there with his eyes closed.

"at there... ... Don't move one step."

"Quack."

Ymir's lips parted.

"Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!"

Regardless of whether or not my prediction was right, I was just happy that I could fight a little longer.

"Yeah, now I know how."

He said as he approached Shirone and Seongeum.

"So this guy is your ideal. then break it I will crush you limb from limb in front of your eyes."

Ymir could have done that.

"To my heart... ... ."

Lian, who bit his jaw so hard that his molar teeth were crushed, said with all his strength.

"The kingdom of belief."

Awesome! Awesome!

Kido's face turned pale as the muscles of his whole body twisted and created numerous swirls on his skin.

"... ... Build it."

The shape of the muscles, unlike any living thing, climbed up the neck and viciously twisted even the facial muscles.

'goblin.'

It was a thought that popped into his mind.

"very good! I'd rather kill this guy now... ... !"

Ymir's throat turned before he could finish his words, and Lian's figure, who struck him in the face, appeared belatedly.

'Right, it was. that guy... ... .'

A person's face passed through Ymir's mind as he recalled the pain of the distant past.

'It was a yaksha.'

In Jincheon, yaksha are called goblins.

"Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!"

Ymir's field of vision, which had been bursting with sparks before his eyes, was completely filled with white light as a fierce storm raged.

'Although I am the totality of over 10 billion people.'

Humans are really weird.

'With such a weak body... ... .'

Rather, the mind knows no end.

'Loving to destroy... ... .'

You become the strongest when you protect something.

'Ogent.'

Smille.

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Ymir intuited the end of the game.

"It was a great battle!"



As he punched with the greatest force ever, Lian's eyes burned intensely.



Divine Transcendence - Shim Kwon Mach.



The heart beats first.

'What's this?'

The whole world seemed to be sucked into Lian's fist.

At the moment when the two fists collided with each other, Ymir realized a wonderful truth.

'It's such a powerful force... ... .'

that it is not accompanied by pain.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

The explosive sound of Ymir's torso flying off the side of his fist shook Andre's labyrinth.

=======================================
[734] Two gazes (3)





"wow!"

Kido burst into exclamations.

There would be no one who wouldn't call the current blow a state of art, including Ymir, whose torso had been blown off in half.

"Uh-oh... ... ."

Unlike the magician Seong-eum, Mungyeong, who pursued the ultimate in the body, knew exactly the meaning of Lian's fist.

'I put everything in it.'

The shortest distance between points is a straight line.

'Then, what is the shortest distance between two moving points?'

It is also a straight line.

'Therefore, the already completed straight line contains all the infinite curves.'

Just like Lian's fist a moment ago, it was a blow that no one but Lian could imitate.

'It's not that I didn't avoid it. It was unavoidable.'

Among the swordsmanship that Mungyeong learned, there is something called herbivore.

However, when I saw Lian's attack a while ago, I felt a sense of shame, wondering what the use of 10,000 curves was.

"Puuuuuuu!"

Ymir, who had disappeared in a circle from his right shoulder to his chest and side, sat down with his back against the wall.

"Are you in pain?"

Ymir rather asked how Lian was doing.

"Big!"

In the state of the yaksha, the muscles were twisted and twisted, and the twisted muscle fibers were returning to their original state.

"Pain is what it is."

Hearing Lian's groans, Ymir raised his head.

"It is the limit of the senses. If the state of feeling nothing is death, pain is life itself."

"Huh!"

Ymir raised the corners of his mouth as he looked at Lian, who struggled in pain as he hugged his shoulders.

"Appreciate it. It's proof that you're alive."

As soon as pain is gone, life is gone too.

"wait... ... ."

Lian gritted her teeth and lifted her head.

"I haven't heard yet. Why is Ogent... ... ."

What does Ymir know?

"You will find out sooner or later. At the pinnacle of pain."

We will meet again.

Ymir's eyes closed, and the cells in his body began to shrink and eat themselves.

When the process of extinction was over, only one molar tooth remained.

"wait! Keugh!"

As Lian, who had returned to human form, crouched down in great pain, Kido made a fuss.

"Oh, what to do! We have to get out right now!"

"It's fine. More than that, Shirone... ... ."

Ymir disappeared, but Syrone's condition was worse than before.

'It's not an explosion.'

The voice was terrifying.

'Can I die?'

I thought that perhaps it would burn everything white and that Shirone would disappear.

"It's blocked."

Shirone murmured in the midst of her receding consciousness.

"Something... ... It's blocked."

If it couldn't be penetrated, it would die, but that was the job of Shirone somewhere out of 19,000.

"Shirone! I'll go treat Lian first!"

It was the right decision, as the Magan bandits and Baknyeo were dead, and Ymir disappeared as well.

Kido carried Lian on his back, but because of the height difference, it seemed like he was placed underneath.

Voice came out.

"wait. I... ... ."

Suddenly, the words were cut off, and Kido, who had been turning around, hurriedly stopped and looked ahead.

"What, what, what is that?"

An ominous flame that no painter could express was flickering in the form of a sphere.

"It's too late, Shirone."

What emerges from the flames is a young man with tattoos tattooed everywhere he can see from his rags.

"really... ... It's too late."

The moment Nane's eyes met, Lian and Kido disappeared out of sight at the same time.

It was a speed that a criminal could not catch up with, but Nane's eyes were still indifferent.

'Can't win. You can never win.'

Kido, who reached the wall of the labyrinth in one month, could not calm his beating heart.

'It's not because I'm weak. No one in this world can handle that human.'

It was such a confident look.

"Princess, that tattoo... ... ."

"yes. Know."

Among the ivory tower candidates, Seongeum, who had the most intelligence, stood in front of Shirone.

"Dahlia, no, I am psychedelic. Is that what they call you?"

"What is your name?"

Right after swallowing Ankera's dream, everything in this world is converging on Nane.

'Something different.'

It was finally a situation where three ivory tower candidates gathered in one place, and all three were different from the beginning.

Nane headed towards Shirone, who was blocked by voices.

"I can't wait even for a moment when I think of all the people who are suffering, but I'm here to keep my promise, Shirone."

She stood up, desperately holding on to the consciousness that Shirone was moving away from.

"Appointment? What promise?"

"Where you seek, I will be."

Shirone's eyebrows narrowed at what La Enemie said.

"How do you... ... ?"

"You still don't know?"

Nane drew a circle with her index finger and thumb.

"I am the whole."

It didn't lead to sword painting, but it was a feeling that only words became truth and stuck in my brain.

"Ankera... ... ."

The shape and feel are different, but in the end, if it was a whole, there would be no need to distinguish between Nane and Ankera.

Voice came out.

"I don't know what you're talking about, but if you're also our competitor, shouldn't you compete?"

Nane's depth was already grasped, but it was easier than Shirone in terms of persevering.

"stop. I can't compete."

It was not a statement that disregarded the voice.

"I will die."

"... ... Does not matter."

The time I met Shirone was short, but if she were to choose an enemy, she would choose Nane.

"You are a good person. Please enter the ivory tower on my behalf and make your dreams come true."

Mungyeong's face went pale.

"Princess!"

"Mungyeong."

Seongeum smiled at him for the first time.

"You may bury my body."

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

After screaming, Mungyeong drew his sword and charged Nane.

'It's not because I couldn't reach you, Princess!'

Even in the midst of wielding the best sword of her life, Nane was just watching the flash strike.

'Because I couldn't bear to reach it!'

Mungyeong's sword crossed the space in an instant and approached 1cm in front of Nane's forehead.

'kill! i kill it! I will definitely kill you!'

The gap gets even narrower, 0.5 cm, 0.1 cm, and finally 0.0000001 cm.

'It's cut.'

And at that point Nane declared.



Sermon - The cutting sword.



As if born through time, a gray sword was born and split the space vertically before Mungyeong's sword reached it.

'Dead... ... !'

Mungyeong's vision was colored with a brilliant light, and he hit the floor 20 meters away from Nane.

'how?'

When I woke up, the voice was already flying towards me.

"Don't insult my subordinates."

The feeling of blasphemy did not exist for Nane, who realized the ball, but the ability of Seongeum was interesting.

"It is a wonderful realization."

"huh! Don't mistake it for being in a high place."



Ether Wave - Daenagok.



As the space around her and Nane distorted, their direction was completely distorted.

'Now, try anything.'

Any attack would hit me.

"It's space."

When Nane stretched out her arms and made different hand signs, a black sword that sucked everything out appeared.

"It's gravity."

The entire curved space was sucked into the sword.

"Wave."

The intangible sword soared high above the top of the head and created a powerful vibration, disrupting the etheric waves.

"And... ... ."

As Nane put his palms together with a generous expression, thousands of colorful swords spread wide across his halo.

"Everything."



Sermon - Rebirth in Paradise.



The swords of countless elements that existed in the world unfolded in a circle, and all were fired at Seongeum.

A question that automatically popped up in front of the threshold of death.

'Are you new?'

The sword of light stabbed first, and then the swords containing each concept hacked through the vocal cords.

'uh?'

With her life dead, what caught her eye was Shirone's figure.

"Am I dead?"

"I am not dead."

What the two of them were staying for in an instant was Choeni Bardo, the borderline between life and death.

"Is it Pakji?"

Even though the rebirth of paradise had failed, there was no ripple in Nane's heart.

"Destroy death."

As the sermon was activated with sword fire, the black sword pierced the veil of the other world and aimed at Shirone and Seongeum.

'It was this.'

Glaring at the rushing sword, Shirone realized that she was blocking the sensation of the explosion.

'It was me.'

Immortal function.

As the mind expands into the realm of infinity, the Valhalla action reverses cause and effect once again.

"Shippok this time?"

Nane changed the number.

"It has no beginning and no end."

The pale radiant sword swam like a loach, then transcended time and pursued Shirone's results.

'Is it God?'

Shirone couldn't help but think the same.



Goblin Incarnation - Underworld Spirit.



"Aaaaaaa!"

As Kido rolled in front of Shirone and invoked the Earth Stop Spirit, the sword in time twisted finely and penetrated the wall of the cave.

Aaaaaaaang!

Everyone was fascinated by the sight of the thick earthen wall being completely breached, but Nane stopped attacking.

"You don't understand."

At that time when everyone was startled just by hearing his voice, Lian, supported by Mungyeong, joined.

"What are you obsessed with?"

They were 5 people who would compete for the best in any position if they were put out into the world, but they all backed down at one step from Nane.

'It's not strong or anything like that. This... ... .'

I couldn't think of anything to describe.

"Isn't it a world that ends when you just close your eyes? Why are you struggling to survive?"

Shirone mustered up the courage to face him.

"There is no reason. Because I'm alive. That alone is enough to qualify you to live."

To Nane, who realized everything, Shirone's words predicted one of two things.

Shirone is wrong, or he doesn't understand.

"The reason I promised to come to you is to keep my promise to you."

"What promise?"

Nane's Kar value is still on the way to perfection, but it's 99.99999... ... Percent's endless journey continued.

"You are obliged to answer the questions left to you."

Nane pointed at Shirone.

"Why can't I become a god?"

Silence flowed in the labyrinth for a while.

"god... ... ."

It was the word Kido hated the most, but honestly, I couldn't help but admit it.

"Shirone, I am almost right."

A sword emitting red light rose vertically above Nane's head.

"That's why I'm trying to save this world with irreversible karma on my back. But you're almost right, so this will be your last chance. If you have no means to deny me, then I will end this dream."

Perhaps it is a sword containing such a concept.

"Shirone, stay back. I will destroy a pseudo cult leader like that."

Lian raised her sword with her aching body, but Shirone shook her head and took one more step.

"I don't know if that is correct."

Adding in the memory, this was the third time Shirone had heard this question.

And for the first time, I felt like I could answer something.

"But you'll never be able to put that sword in."

Nane nodded.

"I know until then. But I'm missing something really important. answer me Why can't I plug it in?"

After being lost in thought for a moment, Shirone slowly turned her head to look at the group.

Lian, Kido, Seongeum and Mungyeong.

"And the countless lives that exist in this world... ... ."

"no! Shirone!"

The moment Lian realized something and shouted, Shirone opened his arms toward Nane.

"This is my answer."

Immortal function.

It's not for magic.

When she opened her mind with a heart that embraced all life, Shirone's body emitted light in the form of a cross.

"What, what?"

At the same time, the entrances to the world sealed by Andre shook, and light rose like a fiery flower.

"That... ... ."

Nineteen thousand crosses were rising.

=======================================
[735] Two gazes (4)





* * *



Labyrinth Andre - World No. 1.



Shirone's body began to spread out into the world, radiating the brilliance of a huge cross.

It was a sacrifice to revive countless beings who had disappeared as history was twisted.

'The life that has passed, and the life that will be born in the future.'

everyone is precious

Looking at Shirone, who was gradually disappearing into the light, Kara Torsa, the martial arts dragon, lowered her body.

"Because of you, we will exist."

Numerous dragons floating in the sky descended behind Kara Torsa and imitated his actions.

"Because of you, we will exist."

Mitochondrial Eve shed tears.

"Shirone... ... ."

With this, history will return to its place, and she too could later become the empress of the empire.

"Remember this light, Blitz."

Catching the particles of light that filled the sky in her eyes, Kara Torsa delivered the message to Blitz.

"This is life."

Blitz didn't answer, but the current memory would endure for an eternity in his head without being transformed.



Labyrinth Andre - World No. 283.



As God's punishment struck, the bodies of the army ants that invaded the Garnet Kingdom were shattered.

"No, wizard."

When Merott's antennae trembled in fear, Shirone pet her .

"It's fine. There is nothing to be afraid of."

This world is someone's dream.

So, Shirone could have closed her eyes and turned away from all of this right now.

'But... ... .'

If even the desire for happiness is an illusion, what is the reason for being born in this world in the first place?

"Everything will be fine."

The place Syrone took with Merott was the room where the owner of the Garnet Kingdom, the queen, was.

"The thirteenth night... ... !"

Upon reaching the entrance, Merrott shouted.

"No one can access it!"

On the 13th night, rolling on the floor while activating incarnation, half of the six legs had already disappeared.

"Yes, I know."

Shirone lovingly watched the thirteenth night of a desperate struggle against the mighty army ants.

To him, Garnet is just one of many objects with biologically similar information... ... .

"That is why it exists."

We are meant to love those who are like us, and will forever stretch out into a wider world.

"Kuaaaaa!"

The screams of the 13th night from being surrounded by army ants spread throughout the cave.

Garnet, unable to get out of the Queen's room, was only trembling in front of the deaths of her children.

'pain. Terrible pain.'

Nevertheless, we would continue our journey for happiness by endlessly repeating feeding and breeding.

'Yeah, that's fine.'

"Mother! Mother!"

The 13th night, crushed by the army ants, shouted as Merott rushed at it, bursting with pheromones of anger.

"Do not come! Get out of here!"

Merott had a mission to safely escape the colony and create a new colony.

Shirone understood the feelings of all of them.

'Because the life of an insignificant creature is no different.'

Immortal function.

As Shirone's body emitted an intense light, the ants that filled the cave stopped fighting at the same time.

"This... ... ."

It was the light of life.



* * *



"What, what?"

As 19,000 crosses filled Andre's labyrinth, Kido looked around with a frightened expression.

"What happened? Why all of a sudden?"

What was really serious was that Shirone's body, currently in the labyrinth, was also shining in the same form.

The voice finally realized.

'Could it be that I was exploring all of Andre's world?'

It was not an impossible task for Shirone, who controls time as vocal sounds control space.

However, the more I thought about it, the more I was shocked to think that I had surpassed my own pace while wandering around 19,000 worlds.

"this... ... ! I will collapse!"

It was only a matter of time before the cave's ground collapsed when the entrances to numerous worlds exploded simultaneously.

'No, it's not on that level.'

If you recall why it was called a space-time prison in the first place, time and space would be jumbled together.

"You must avoid it!"

The moment Seong-eum opened her eyes and was about to cast an etheric wave.

"Time-space prison."

Nane muttered indifferently.

'The 19,000 worlds defined by McLean Guffin.'

It was Nane who swallowed Ankera's dream, but only vague assumptions about Guffin were possible.

'It is being integrated again.'

Nane stepped into an impossible situation without fully realizing Guffin's intentions.

"What are you dreaming about?"

I couldn't help but ask

"In this nightmare where only a terrible extinction awaits, what kind of hope do you have?"

Nane held out her hand slowly.

"You must be wrong."



Sermon - end.



A red sword with the concept of annihilating the universe soared through the ceiling and plunged to the ground at the speed of light.

The vertical flash was so fast that it seemed to connect the ground and the sky, so no reaction was possible.

"Keugh!"

Even so, the reason why Kido's moans were heard was that Nane's truth did not penetrate the ground.

"how?"

During Nane's sermon, the bell was trembling just above the ground as if something had blocked it.

The voice's head turned slowly.

"Shirone."

Tears welled up in her eyes as she watched Shirone's body becoming transparent like clear water.

"Until the end... ... ."

If Nane's Kar was perfect, there would be no life in this universe that could deny his truth.

However, the fact that the bell was not inserted meant that there was still another opinion that denied Nane's enlightenment.

"I want to live."

The life energy that Shirone was spreading was preventing Nane from reaching perfection.

Tears flowed down her cheeks.

"I was stupid."

The strong and the weak are all nothing but a dice game endlessly circling the cycle of life.

That's why Shirone was willing to sacrifice herself for the sake of life itself to prevent the destruction of the universe.

"no."

Seongeum shook her head and wept.

"You shouldn't leave like that, Shirone."

She was blocking Nane's truth with her brilliant will, but in the end, Shirone would spread infinitely.

"You are wrong, Shirone."

As Nane pressed her palms down, the sermon bell began wriggling terribly toward the ground.

"Aww!"

At the same time, the light of the cross emitted by Shirone became more intense, but this only accelerated its extinction.

"You cannot save the world with fleeting hope."

If the world's pain disappeared just by loving something, Nane would have given his body thousands of times.

"Human emotions are nothing but a mirage after they pass. Who will remember you?"

Being alive is so natural for life that no one will honor Shirone.

"From a distance, it's just that each other is pushing burdens on each other and turning pain away."

They reincarnate infinitely, and that's why everyone suffers.

"I will hang up."

As Shirone's spirit faded, the bell of Nane's sermon pierced the ground with terrifying momentum.

"Is it over... ... ."

At that time, Mungyeong muttered with a pale face, I heard Shirone's voice, now dissolving like smoke.

"Even if life has no meaning, I will protect it until the end in this nightmare."

"why? In a world that ends when you close your eyes, why bother to endure the pain?"

"There is no reason."

Isn't it enough to just love?

"We are... ... ."

When Shirone's body, which had completely spread out in light, disappeared, her voice hovered around the space like an hallucination.



-Because it exists for no reason.



"no! Shirone!"

Seongeum ran and struggled through the space that had been spread out with light, but nothing was caught.

"No reason?"

The existence that stood in my way disappeared, but he did not completely strike down the end of the sermon.

"Shirone, that is more than any truth I know... ... ."

It was an incorrect result.

"Is that enlightenment? Are you saying that's really the guffin's intention? Live for no reason, die for no reason, reproduce for no reason, and eat for no reason?"

No answer came back.

It was frustrating for Nane, but it was devastating sadness for everyone who knew Shirone.

Kido lowered his head.

"Is it over now?"

"no."

On the other hand, Lian was still blazing with fighting spirit, staring into the void where Shirone had disappeared.

"It can't disappear like this."

The yaksha's will is strong enough to deny the reality, but he couldn't revive Shirone with Denai.

"Give up. Shirone has become infinite."

Seong-eum looked back at the transparent air surrounding her with sad eyes.

It has become such a huge spirit that is everywhere but nowhere, and has completely permeated the world.

you said

"Don't be sad. Since this is also just a dream, what is the reason to exist and bear the sorrow?"

Nane put her hand on the handle of the sermon bell and pressed it hard with all her weight.

"This is the end."

Anyone watching the end of the universe could not help but feel dizzy, and Mungyeong closed her eyes tightly.

"why... ... ."

I heard your voice.

When everyone checked there, the sword of the apocalypse was slowly pushing through Nane's palm and rising up.

"Why can't I get it through?"

Still, Nane's curl wasn't perfect.

"You mean there is still a denial of my truth?"

"Lian! there... ... !"

Faint particles of light were gathering one by one in front of Kido's point.

"It is not over."

As world number 2940 exploded with a bang, more light particles began to gather.

Subsequently, world #8765 exploded, world #32, world #10837, world #8546, world #4109... ... .

Boom, boom, boom, boom!

When 19,000 worlds were simultaneously liberated, a group of lights began to take human form.

He said in a trembling voice.

"Not one."

The immortal function, which started from the samadhi of fear, broke each world and went back.

Kido cried out in tears.

"Shirone eh!"

Light has no will.

Therefore, the reason why a phenomenon that is merely a condensation of photons can accurately assemble the shape of Shirone... ... .

"Hexa."

Because the cause doesn't exist.

"Great!"

As the infinitely spread mind formed a body again, Shirone put on a painful expression.

"You're back! Shirone is back!"

It's good news for those who have been waiting, but the process of degrading from a supreme spirit to a creature was terrifying for the person concerned.

'Feeding and breeding.'

However, since it had already been experienced, the process of installing the biological system was more flexible than before.

"It's me, and your sympathy for the world is not wrong. But we will exist to the end."

The vocal sound, which confirmed Shirone's clear eyes, trembled as if he couldn't understand it.

"Speak, nonsense. That... ... ."

It is impossible.

Seongeum, the same Unlocker, knew better than anyone else that an infinitely expanded mind could not return.

'No, just one thing... ... .'

Seongeum, thinking of the only way out, stared at Shirone with a shocked expression.

Infinite Wizard.

=======================================
[736] Two gazes (5)





'really... ... .'

Was it possible?

Guffin is a name that only exists as a hypothesis to many wizards because it has already been erased.

Infinite Wizard.

No one can guess what it is, but the head of Jincheon Space Agency had evidence that it actually existed.

"Did it contain the entire universe?"

Nane's question was indifferent, but there was an emotion of anticipation in his eyes.

"What did you realize?"

Shirone opened her arms and said.

"life."

all life in the universe.

"It is not a sin to exist, it is me."

Even in the same language, the words Shirone spoke had different depths, and it was me who understood them.

"If all we have to do is suffer just because we were born, if our destiny is to reincarnate forever in the bondage of cowardice... ... ."

Shirone cried.

"Because that is so sad."

Disappointment flashed in Nane's eyes.

"Is it only the heart that you got from the universe? Rather, isn't that heart the source of suffering?"

"It's not something we can do anything about. No matter how big the universe is, it is not bigger than the heart of a mother who loves her children."

can you deny

"The mind transcends the universe."

Nane, who almost realized all the reasoning, tried his best to chew on Shirone's words.

"When the universe disappears, the mind also disappears."

It exists because it has a mind.

"You may be right at first glance, but you are almost wrong, Shirone."

Another sword was born while the sword containing Nane's sermon, the concept of the end of the universe, was still pointing toward the ground.

"God is indifferent."

An iron-colored sword that removes all emotions in this world, heartlessness surged above his head and was absorbed into the sword of the end.

As Nane's will grew stronger, the ground trembled, and the feeling of the end of the world rushing into my skin.

Mungyeong gritted his molars.

"damn! How are you going to stop that?"

Nane's sword painting was pressuring the world in the realm of concepts that transcended phenomena.

"It is not selfishness that I do not back down. Do you know how many lives will be driven into suffering by the love you have realized? It is pain without cost. Aren't they pitiful?"

Only 0.00001 nanometers left until the end of the universe.

"It has no beginning and no end, just reincarnation. Is it unreasonable to put an end to eternally recurring suffering?"

99.9999... ... Nane's exact number of karma, which was running in percent, was extending to 184,000 decimal places.

Shirone said.

"Because it's not our fault."

There is no original sin in existence, even if it is man-made good and evil and man-made pain.

That's why Shirone has no cause... ... .

"I am in love."

By forgiving the sins of all those present, it came to negate Nane's merit.

"He is also empty."

Dozens of swords spread out from behind Nane and rushed towards Shirone.

Destruction, extinction, dissolution... ... All the concepts necessary to erase a being were being shot.

At the same time, the entrance to World No. 1 exploded.

"Huh!"

As the quantum information tunnel that transcends time and space was opened, the realization of fraternity flooded in.

Then, Shirone's Kar value, which was well over 90 percent, began to drop rapidly.

Kar value 86.24 percent.

There is no purpose because he sacrificed everything, and what remains is just pure emotion.

'love.'

The 283rd world entrance exploded, causing the Kar reading to plummet to 74.31%.

Towards the life that will exist in the future, good and evil, absolute fraternity without trivial or grandiose things.

The entrance to World 847 exploded.

"Ah ah ah ah ah!"

Carr number 49.24 percent.

Shirone's spirit had been degraded to the level of an animal, but that's why it was clear what we had to have until the end.

Carr number 24.11 percent.

What is needed to achieve perfect love is a supreme and pure feeling that does not discriminate against any being.

'It's not empty, it's me!'

Nane is almost right, but even in a world where suffering is everything, the reason we must exist is... ... .

'The mind is bigger than the universe.'

Because we are so precious to us.

Carr number 1.4 percent.

"Shirone... ... ."

Looking at Shirone, who was shedding bloody tears from his bloodshot eyes, everyone put on a terrified expression.

No one knows what's happening to Shirone, just like the Infinite Wizard can't understand it, but one thing was clear.

"What a great thing... ... I am carrying it."

Carr number 0.24 percent.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

From animals to plants, from plants to insignificant things, from insignificant things to the lowest phase with nowhere to go.

But that's why I can love you.

'Everything.'

Kar value 0.0000017 percent.

"It's a big deal! Andre is going to collapse!"

After passing through the entrance of World 9999, 10,000 worlds exploded one after another, and the ceiling began to collapse.

"Why give false hope?"

The bell of Nane's sermon advanced towards the land, spreading a tremendous wind pressure.

"How can you not know that the hope you give is the seed of suffering?"

"That pain... ... ."

Kar value 0.0000000000000001 percent.

"It is proof of existence."

As the Karuchi plummeted toward zero, the standard for Shirone's mind disappeared.

There is no subjectivity whatsoever.

For him who distributes equal love to all things, senses are no longer the criterion for judgment.

'Combined.'

As time and space, sense of time and depth were integrated, a new sense completely occupied his mind.

The eighth sense that living things can have, Superquality.

All the information delivered through super senses seemed to expose the reality of this world.

'idea.'

Those who sense the truth cannot have subjectivity.

"get out! If you don't leave now... ... !"

Finally, as World 19000 exploded, Andre's trapped time and space were completely released.

Space-time was jumbled up and was about to engulf everyone, then the vocal sound cast an etheric wave.

"I will stop you."

Numerous events transcending time and space began to overlap beyond the barrier of space she had spread.

"damn! Isn't this complete hell?"

No one could have predicted what would happen if they were swept away by a space-time storm.

At a time when everyone couldn't even dare to go outside the space of voice, I caught a glimpse of Shirone and Nane facing each other amidst the jumble of events.

"Can you hold on?"

Nane, whose Carsuchi is close to perfect, guessed why Shirone was not swept away by the space-time storm.

Said Shirone, who was enveloped in light.

"Would this have been the answer you wanted?"

As the light blocking space-time expanded into a giant sphere, the space-time storm was torn to shreds.

"Princess! They are disappearing!"

The sword of the sermon was scattered like ashes in the cluster of lights that spread out like an explosion, and the scenery of reality finally came into view.

"I blew it all away."

There was not even a trace of Andre's cave, and the structures that were created as tourist attractions were not visible.

The light that spread toward Shirone, standing in the middle of the endless desert, began to be sucked in.

"I-that... ... ."

The light enveloped the brain, the source of the spirit, and the droplets of light that were pale but did not feel cold were flickering endlessly.

Nane, who had been watching the sword of the sermon being destroyed, slowly turned her gaze to Shirone.

"Is it Yahweh?"

The name of the special light that arises from the senses beyond cognition was omnipotence that only infinite wizards that contain all the information in the world could use.

"It is not unfair."

Since no one with a higher Kar value than Nane exists in the world, there is no one who can deny him.

"But I can't deny you."

The only truth has not yet been established in this world.

"Now I see, why I can't be a god."

Guffin didn't leave questions.

"Aryan Shirone."

No, the very existence of Hexa was the final barrier to the perfect truth.



Shirone and Nane, Nane and Shirone.



"I think it's a ball."

The universe is full of futility.

"It is love."

The mind transcends the universe.

Both of them knew that it was just a dream, but the two eyes looking at the same truth were so extreme.

"contradiction. No one can get the right answer."

Shirone's curl, which had no prejudice, was too weak, but it was also the only point that Nane could not reach.

"I can never be right."

Nane's fingertips pointed at Shirone.

"Are you saying you can never be wrong?"

Thus, living things still have to worry endlessly about the value of existence in the lowest phase of the universe.

"But two standards cannot exist. If you and I coexist, countless lives will suffer."

"I have no intention of backing down."

"... ... ."

Mahagaruta said that Nane's enlightenment was the extreme of the exact opposite union that came after mastering his own enlightenment.

However, Shirone's realm was shining at the exact opposite point that Nane could never reach.

"Shirone, as much as you have mercy on life, I also have sympathy for them."

It was true.

"That's why no one can yield. As long as one or the other does not disappear, the suffering of this world will continue."

When Nane spread her arms in the posture of shooting a bow, a huge sword with tremendous power was born.

"so... ... ."

When Nane turned around and opened her arms, an iron-colored sword was born drawing an arch.

"I will carry through."

The wave of Nane's sermon bounced off the distorted shape towards Shirone.

Although it was a straight attack, it was probably the most powerful blow in the world, and it penetrated between Shirone's eyebrows in an instant.

'stop.'

Seongeum's eyes trembled in shock as the waves flew in with the momentum to pierce Shirone and froze in space.

"Time stopped."

It was a magic called stop.

'It has already overtaken me.'

If there is an etheric wave in the space series of scale magic, the vertex of the time series will be called a stop.

"Did you understand that?"

Nane was the only person who could remain calm in front of the finest magic.

"Then what will you answer this question?"

The coldest concept on Nane's left side, and the hottest concept on the right side, turned into dozens of swords and sprang out.

"Sermon contradiction."

The sand in the desert froze as the sword passed, and flames soared on the other side.

"origin."

As the light of Yahweh, which contained all the information in the universe, expanded along the Spirit Zone, a small sphere of light appeared in both hands.



Mental realization - spherical sphere.



Shirone, who senses supercognition, controls all phenomena like matter, and the concept is expressed through the sphere, the basic form of the universe.

"Turn from the beginning of causality."

As the two spheres of Yahweh merged and rotated at tremendous speed, the concept of Taegeuk rotated the world.

"Great!"

As the heat and cold mixed together, it seemed that a terrible event that violated the rules of the universe occurred, and it was immediately released into nothingness.

Kido's mouth gaped blankly.

"What kind of fight is that?"

The reason no one can answer the question is because it is a clash of concepts that transcend phenomena.

Nane also had no choice but to admit that Kar's state of convergence to the limit of 0 was equal to his own.

The sword engraved on Nane's tongue lost its light.

"... ... I can't seem to get it through here."

It seemed like it would be a long fight.

=======================================
[737] To the stars (1)





you said

"Shirone, as long as you deny me, I cannot become a god, but neither can you."

It meant that neither Shirone nor Nane could free this world from suffering.

"From now on, the world will face terrible suffering. I will end this fight as soon as possible."

Shirone thought he could handle it.

"Even if life ends in vain, as long as we love something, I will never give up."

Nane's fingertips pointed at Shirone.

"Then you are the one who suffers the most."

perhaps.

"Great purifier. The sins we have created will come true and overwhelm you. It is too much work to do alone."

Nane's body melted away like smoke.

"I hope the nightmare isn't too long."

In the place where Nane disappeared, a desert sandstorm blew up and erased any trace of him.

"A nightmare?"

I balanced the two extremes of the law, but it was me who was on the free side.

'It's a losing battle no matter what.'

This is because Nane, who defined the world as a ball, can commit any terrible thing, while Shirone must protect them all.

"You are not alone, Shirone."

Lian came over and put his hand on Shirone's shoulder.

"Even if everyone in the world turns away from you, I will follow you."

I don't know how far away the fight will be, but at the end of the day, Lian would be by my side.

"I agree too."

As Seongeum approached Shirone and stretched out his arm, Lian's large straight sword jumped through the space and was caught in his hand.

Throwing it at Lian, she said.

"In the future, humanity must face a great enemy. As the princess of the Jincheon Empire, it was something she could not ignore. I will return to her hometown and give her words to her father."

If it were the emperor of the Jincheon Empire, even the voice could not be moved, but Mungyeong silently followed her.

"Go to the ivory tower. Since you put our lives on hold, I think we deserve it."

"The ivory tower."

To begin with, no candidate was obsessed with becoming an ivory tower star, but now things have changed.

'If we don't all fight together, we can't win.'

Even Shirone, who reached the unprecedented level of being an infinite wizard, could not completely block Nane's great work.

Unless there is a winner on either side, it is obvious that numerous sacrifices will follow.

"I'm going to the ivory tower."

Voice nodded.

"Good idea. I will take you."

If it was an etheric wave, it would be able to go directly to the Ivory Tower regardless of the distance.

Kido said.

"I'm not going to the ivory tower."

Seeing Kido's eyes, Shirone had already expected it.

"You're thinking of leaving, Kido."

"I want to find out what I realized. I'm so confused right now. Do you understand, Shirone?"

Just the journey from knowing to mind and from mind back to knowing takes time.

"of course. Because it is your life."

Lian, who was lost in thought while listening to Kido's words, said as he inserted the great sword into his back.

"Shirone, I'm not going to the Ivory Tower either."

This time, Shirone nodded.

"I knew you would."

"I want to go home and organize my thoughts. I should do what I can."

Although he defeated Ymir, he was only a molar. In order to protect Shirone in the final war, he must become stronger.

"Shirone, you will become a star in the ivory tower."

Maybe because she was the only one in this world who opened her first sense, Lian was able to leave her side for a while.

"Then I should be a knight worthy of you. I always seem to be chasing after you, but give me some time this time too."

Mungyeong looked at Lian's back and thought.

'Do you think there is still room to go up?'

The power of Lian, who smashed Ymir's torso, was not at a level that even Jincheon's swordsman could catch up with.

"yes. I'll be waiting for you."

Lian and Kido are dependable colleagues, but in order to prevent Nane from doing a great job, they had to endure longing.

'Because the world will change faster than ever.'

said the voice.

"Let's leave when we're done talking. Because I think I have to go back to the Jincheon Empire as soon as possible."

Kido stepped back from Seongeum's side and said.

"Shirone, are we friends?"

Kido will travel the world and come to a certain conclusion, and it could have been to deny Shirone's conclusion.

"Sure. You are my dearest friend. No matter what situation you encounter, you will never change."

Only then did Kido, who was relieved, turn around and quickly jumped out toward the desert where the horizon stretched out.

"Good luck, Shirone!"

Shirone kept his eyes on Kido's back for a long time as he fluttered his old cloak.

"Have a good trip."

Then he turned to Lian and asked.

"Are you okay by yourself? How about going together to the village? It would be difficult to find food here."

Lian stirred up the large sword on his back.

"With this, you can survive in Hell. Don't worry about me and come back as a star."

With this ivory tower test, it felt like she had traveled all her life, so Shirone also missed home.

'Amy... ... .'

My heart skipped a beat when I thought I'd see you soon.

"I will leave now."

As Mungyeong bowed her head to Lian with a heart of respect and stood behind the three treasures of Seongeum, an etheric wave spread.

Seongeum, who had pulled the space all the way to the North Pole, cast Chukchi, and the three figures disappeared.

Lian's eyes, who had been happily watching the place where Shirone disappeared, suddenly burned with fear.

"Ymir."

An illusion of a giant shimmered over the desert horizon.



* * *



Corona Kingdom.

The Kingdom of Corona, on the northern limit of human habitation, was the only country in the Arctic.

As a country built on ice caps, ice crafts were developed, and it was almost the only market in the Ivory Tower.

People who live in a country where Blizzard strikes every day feel death closer than life.

People were making faces as cold as ice in the scenery of the city, where even the torches hanging on the walls were at stake.

"Where is here?"

It didn't seem like an ivory tower, so when Shirone turned her head, Seongeum bit her lip with a puzzled expression.

"Probably Corona Kingdom."

Corona, the size of a city on the continent, seemed small to Seongeum, who transcended the huge space, as if she had just passed by, but the only place where people lived in the North Pole was the Ivory Tower or Corona anyway.

"I couldn't get to the Ivory Tower."

At the same time as I cast Chukji, the feeling of the ivory tower disappeared and I lost my coordinates.

It was here that I arrived at a place where my senses were at least affected by a feeling of some kind of emergency escape.

'Is there anyone who handles the space?'

It would have been unbelievable in the past, but now that I dealt with Shirone, Nane, and Ymir, my thoughts were different.

'It's quite possible to happen.'

It also meant that the knowledge of voice was broadened.

"There's nothing you can't do if you try again, but the result will be the same anyway. You wouldn't be hanging the signboard of the ivory tower without this level of preparation."

Shirone thought the same.

"yes. But since we've come all the way to the North Pole, we've shortened the time. I'll visit you from now on. thanks."

When Shirone, who had regained her composure, smiled, a blush slowly bloomed on Seongeum's cheeks.

'He's a kind person.'

What Anchal said was not a lie.

'I don't want to fight with this person.'

As much as there are many things I want to say, I was not happy with the current situation where I am limited by time.

"How much time can you give me?"

"ha ha ha."

Shirone burst into laughter at the words, as if the voice compulsion to measure an opponent by distance turned into time.

"I can give you anything. If it wasn't for you, it would have taken more than 10 days to reach the North Pole."

"I mean ten days."

Seongeum shyly smiled and stepped back.

"When you become a star, please stop by Jincheon. I will use the 10 days you gave me then."

"No, it's not necessary, if you want... ... ."

"You promised. 10 days."

Now that Shirone knew the nature of the voice, he agreed without adding anything.

"okay. I'll give you my 10 days."

It was a satisfactory answer.

"I will also give you my spirit."

"yes?"

Shirone asked back, but Seong-eum smiled meaningfully and disappeared with Mungyeong.

"... ... Seeing the spirit is probably."

It would mean being friendly without fault.

"Shall we start soon?"

Having come to that conclusion, Shirone walked the streets of Corona Kingdom with a much lighter heart.

It was already late at night, and there was no light on except for the bar, and the aftereffects of fighting for days without a break came belatedly.

'Something is a little strange.'

At some point, I felt that Armand couldn't recover from fatigue, but now I couldn't even reach that point.

"I want to sleep. I want to sleep."

Giving strength to my self-closing eyelids, I went to an inn where warm steam was rising.

'I can't. I should go to sleep.'

Even when they reached the North Pole, they did not know where the Ivory Tower was, and there were no competitors left anyway.

When I opened the door and entered, a middle-aged woman greeted me.

"welcome. This is the White Inn."

Looking around, I saw a team playing cards at a table in the corner.

Passing through a common scene, Shirone's eyes fixed on the table in front of the counter.

A red-haired girl of about ten years old was drinking strong alcohol by herself.

'Do the kids drink here too?'

I thought it might be because it was a cold region, but thinking about it again, it was a nonsensical reasoning.

"Are you here to stay?"

Shirone hurriedly answered the middle-aged woman's question.

"Ah yes. I would like to have food if possible. I haven't had dinner yet... ... ."

"Oops. There will be leftover bread and soup. But what to do? There are no empty rooms right now."

"No room?"

Knowing about the kingdom of Corona is fragmentary, but it was not a country that tourists and travelers would often stop by.

"Yes. Since yesterday, the residents of the Ivory Tower have been staying as a group, so the room is full."

'Ivory Tower residents? But how are you here?'

Shirone narrowed her eyes in surprise and looked back at the four people playing the card game.

There was no conversation at all, just like a machine, drawing cards, putting them down, and collecting stakes.

'It looks like 4 Irukis are sitting.'

said the middle-aged woman.

"Today, the blizzard is bad. If it doesn't matter if you join the room, I'll ask the awake guests about their intentions."

"Ah, if you would... ... ."

"You can use the same room as me."

After pouring the strong drink into her mouth, the girl looked back at Shirone and raised her mouth, while the middle-aged woman put her chin on her chin and muttered.

"Um, but the union of men and women is a bit... ... ."

"How are you? It should be good for both parties. I still missed the man. I won't be paying for the room."

Shirone frowned.

"Little boy, I can't use those words. And drinking already is not good for you."

"Well, since it was me, it must be tiring."

"yes? what did you just say?"

When Shirone blinked, the girl who had been looking at the glass with disheveled eyes turned her head.

"Even an infinite wizard goes to the goal if hit properly?"

Shirone immediately opened her senses.

'I'm not a child.'

As the Ultima System combined with Supercognition, the false information surrounding her disappeared in an instant.

It was a woman with an attractive appearance that seemed to be wearing no makeup, a slender body, and coolly elongated limbs.

"Oh right!"

A middle-aged woman crossed her palms.

"To a normal person, she must have looked like a girl. This is St. Mirac Minerva."

"castle?"

"I am an ivory tower dweller. Wait, what star did you say it was?"

Minerva spread her five fingers.

"Oh, it was five-star. By the way, how about Miss Minerva? Are you really willing to join us?"

"I said good. The doctor over there is important."

Shirone didn't hear anything.

'If it's five stars, it's five stars, right? wait for a sec... ... Minerva? The one I saw in the book... ... .'

Mirak Minerva.

It was the name of a great witch who was one of the world's 100 most dangerous people and who drove the world into despair 700 years ago.

=======================================
[738] To the stars (2)





* * *



"come in. It's here."

Room 12 on the third floor where Minerva stayed was a small room with simple furniture and a single bed.

It was a problem that there was only one bed, but even if it was a couple, it was too big to sleep together.

Shirone saw a long broom, supposedly hers, leaning against the wall.

'Witch's broom.'

Minerva's broom has entered the history books as one of the fastest objects in the world.

Minerva asked, taking off her top.

"Which play do you like? I don't really like it. If you tell me, I'll make it right."

"I told you before I came in, but I didn't follow Minerva because of that."

Minerva raised her head and smiled.

"Who would believe that? So, what are men? If you've followed me this far, don't you honestly have an idea?"

The lines between the men and women seemed to have changed, but Shirone didn't care.

"I was so tired that I would have followed him wherever I could sleep. And you promised that Mr. Minerva would take you to her ivory tower."

Minerva, who took off all her outerwear, looked back at Shirone in front of her folded nightgown.

"So you kept your promise. Because this is the ivory tower."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Is this the ivory tower?"

"To be precise, it would be the terrace of the ivory tower? The kingdom of Corona was founded by the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower. Residents can't leave the ivory tower for the rest of their lives, so they need a space with all sorts of amenities. It is also easy to entertain guests."

"Then where is the ivory tower?"

said Minerva, donning a silk gown.

"You can ride the magic circle under the capital. Also, there is no other way to get to the Ivory Tower. In normal cases, that is."

Because nothing is absolute.

"It is you. A wizard who has reached super senses with a human body will find a way somehow."

Minerva collapsed on the bed in a coquettish position.

"If you make me happy today, I'll let you use the magic circle of the royal castle. how is it? It's a fair deal."

Shirone looked at her pathetically.

"I'm not used to that gaze. Nice to meet you anyway In the future, let's do well with the same Five Stars."

"Oh Dae-seong? me?"

Minerva's eyes became serious for the first time.

"Maha Garuta has passed away. It's currently vacant, and I'm back in the ivory tower to honor him. It's not decided, but Taeseong's thoughts will be the same as mine."

The vacancy of Oh Dae-sung will be filled by Shirone.

"Leaving the world... ... ."

"yes. Immortal function was fully opened. You have returned to this world."

Minerva jumped upright.

"I do not get it. why did you come back Speaking of this world, eat, buy cheap, fight... ... is that all? Honestly I agree with you. If he's done everything."

Minerva shrugged.

"It would have been fine. It goes back to before you were born. I know that? I don't even think I'm alive until I'm born."

"But we are alive, we are."

Obsession with everything that exists was the only realization that allowed Shirone to return to this world.

"It is man who defines murder as evil."

Minerva snorted.

"If I kill most of humanity, he will be the worst killer. But if he kills everyone, it's not a matter of good or evil. Because it transcends existence."

Shirone did not waver.

"The reason why even minor creatures can love each other equally is because of the extremely low kar. But after all, you are human too. You'd better think about why Guffin couldn't fulfill her will and was forced to transcend the photon realm."

'Guffins also left.'

As Shirone crouched against the wall, Minerva pounded on the bed and said,

"Don't do that, come up. I'll really sleep holding your hand."

No answer was heard.



* * *



It was probably a nightmare.

Even though Nane was stabbing the colorful sword, Shirone couldn't even lift a finger.

"You are a minor."

The pain became despair and ravaged my mind, and I couldn't open my eyes even if I knew it was a dream.

"Huh!"

The gaze that Karr's near-perfect existence looked down on was stern enough to freeze his heart.

"You are the lowest in this universe... ... ."

The dark sword slowly pierced the pit of the stomach and descended.

"A being of the lowest order."

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

Light emanated from Shirone's body, dispelling Nane's afterimages and a dark space surrounding him.

'Small world creation... ... .'

Realizing that it was Armand's space, Shirone's mind finally regained a sense of stability.

"Natural enemies are fearful."

The sound of sharpening knives was heard from where the small torches were burning.

"Armand... ... ."

The body, which had been mixed with all sorts of monsters, was neatly organized and took on the shape of a beautiful woman.

"Without a natural enemy, it does not cycle, and a world that does not cycle is dead."

The blade, which should have been sharpened from the moment it was born as a demon sword, was now so thin that it was transparent like glass.

"What are you sharpening your knives for?"

"... ... Promise me."

The sword has completely disappeared.

"There will be one chance."

Armand turned her head and raised the corner of her mouth, her sharp fangs glowing in the torchlight.

"One chance to wield me for all life. Don't miss it."

As she raised her hand, fluffy particles of light floated up and flew away.

"Material."

The moment Shirone wrapped her arms around the light, the darkness disappeared and the huge eyelids opened in the distance and light came in.

"yes?"

I heard the sound of a strong arctic wind, and soon a chill rushed in and made my body tremble.

"Ugh, it's cold."

When I woke up and looked, Armand's robe had disappeared without a trace.

'It's not a dream.'

Armand, assimilated with Shirone, changed his function whenever he broke through a certain level.

'Material.'

When Shirone opened his palm, the light with a heavy mass swelled up like a balloon.

"I see."

If you can become an infinite wizard and control all information with the light of Yahweh, you don't have to maintain the shape of a sword.

"for example... ... ."

When Shirone came up with an idea, the brilliance of the material disappeared and was reduced to material.

It was a heavy gold nugget that reflected the morning sun.

"Information from a source that transforms into all matter."

After dropping the gold on the floor like a stone, Shirone realized the material again and made soap, toothpaste, and toothbrush in succession.

"... ... Are you sorry about something?"

Much more complex things could be made if supported by engineering knowledge, but for now this was enough.

Indeed, it could be said to be an infinite tool suitable for an infinite wizard, but Shirone savored Armand's last words.

"I said it was a one-time opportunity."

And when that opportunity comes, Material will become Armand again and wield the concept of infinity.

"What are you muttering about?"

When Shirone looked up, Minerva was smiling like a cute little girl.

There was no need to confirm her true identity anymore, so Shirone got up from her seat.

"it's nothing. Are you going to the ivory tower now?"

Minerva watched the harmony of materials right in front of her nose, but seemed to already know without explaining.

"You were very noisy last night. He said he couldn't sleep at all because he was crying and talking loudly."

This is why the merger is burdensome.

"sorry. I had nightmares."

"It seemed so. It was cold last night. Her coat is gone, and no matter how much she shakes it, she doesn't think it will happen."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Is that really all?"

"Is that so?"

Minerva walked to the door brandishing her broom.

"Wash and come out. I'll be waiting outside."

Unlike before, when he quickly left the place, he became even more suspicious, but there was no way to find out anyway.

'What kind of Five Star is that?'

The reason why she was not afraid even in front of the fearful witch was the proof that Shirone had earned the right to become a star.

When I went down to the first floor, the residents who had played the card game the night before were still playing cards.

Minerva, who had been waiting with a broom that was taller than she was, gestured and pointed outside.

When they arrived at the royal castle along the knee-deep road covered in snow accumulated last night, they were greeted by the lineage of the royal family.

Unlike officials from other countries, he was not afraid of the stars, which gave a glimpse of the relationship between Corona Kingdom and the Ivory Tower.

"It's been a while, Miss Minerva. You are still beautiful."

"Ho-ho-ho! For a grandmother who is over 700 years old, that's a while. The embassy has aged a lot since I haven't seen him."

"After about 20 years, a human being is bound to grow old."

Despite Minerva's harsh words, the embassy smiled.

"The reason why the one who lives like the wind came back to his hometown is because of the work at the altar, right?"

"Yes. I don't think I can stop you. Perhaps sooner or later this world will come to an end... ... ."

Minerva, who suddenly frowned, turned to Shirone and stabbed her in the head with her index finger.

"After all, it is because of this guy. A human being called the Infinite Wizard could not stop the likes of me and came all the way here."

Shirone was unfair.

"Take a look and tell me. Shouldn't Minerva be able to stop it herself if she gets angry like that?"

"The kid who said he learned is talking stupid. You couldn't stop it, so how can I stop it?"

The embassy bowed to Shirone.

"Thank you for saving human life. Humanity is always helped by the Five Stars."

"I haven't become a five star yet. And... ... We didn't just fight for humans."

The embassy, ??which had been welcoming the stars for decades, understood Shirone's desire to do exactly that.

"okay. It must have a deep meaning. come follow me Let me guide you."

While following the embassy, ??Shirone asked.

"By the way, what is an altar?"

Shirone obtained infinite omnipotence by opening the immortal function, but when it comes to battery, it was all about portraiture.

Because knowledge does not exist by nature.

"It is a gate that erases the boundary between reality and the other side. They're trying to bring man-made hell into reality. According to the Ivory Tower, 3,600 altars have been built worldwide."

"3,600... ... ."

"If the altar is activated, this world will become hell. The law will lean against me, and after that, eternal extinction."

"Why are you leaning on me?"

"You're the only one who thinks that way."

Because only Shirone denies Nane.

"How many people do you think will find hope in the midst of terrible suffering? you are right The only safe haven for creatures is extinction. You are denying that."

Minerva's eyes grew cold.

"Imagine. If you are born with pain, if your throat tears every time you breathe, your eyes burn every time you see something, and your tongue sores every time you speak."

She stopped walking and looked back at Shirone.

"Are you still going to choose life? Can you wait for your lifespan to end, enduring the pain of every single second of every day?"

Shirone couldn't be sure.

"I know someone like that."

I know such a person, but I could never tell him to live like him.

"You mean Gaold?"

"Yes. The driving force to endure pain is love for Mr. Miro. But in the end it fell into hell. And I... ... You're telling everyone to live like that."

"It's enough to know."

It will be a tough fight.

"If I hadn't gone to the extreme, you wouldn't have gone to the opposite extreme. Ordinary people, what, the shrimp's back explodes in a whale fight."

Minerva patted Shirone on the shoulder.

"Anyway, the people who support you will be as few as your kar number in this universe. You have to push up from there."

the embassy said.

"Im here."

The magic circle to the Ivory Tower was waiting.

=======================================
[739] To the stars (3)





* * *



Minerva was not exaggerating when she called the Kingdom of Corona the Terrace of the Ivory Tower.

The size of the 468-story tower was the crystallization of magic, law, and engineering, and it had perfect stealth capabilities that no creature could reach on its own.

Shirone calmly gazed at the scenery outside the elevator until the color of the sky darkened.

Minerva asked in a soft tone.

"Aren't you surprised?"

It was the first time I saw it with my own eyes, but I felt the whole in the realm of omnipotence, and the emotions that came back were calm.

"I don't know. Mysterious, but... ... ."

"Whoa."

When Minerva blew air into her ears, Shirone stunned and backed away.

"What are you doing all of a sudden?"

"No, I thought I lost my personality because my Kar was so low. I thought it might be a psychopath."

Shirone trembled and wiped his ears.

"Can it be? Besides, what does blowing in your ears have to do with a psychopath?"

"yes? I don't think I could understand."

The moment he looked into Minerva's eyes, Shirone felt his heart burn.

'This... ... .'

There is no existence in the world that can pressure Shirone, who has mastered the scale of the universe, with only emotions.

'It's not my intention to kill. It's killing.'

How many lives do you have to end with your own hands to convey this feeling?

Right before she died, the fear pheromone emitted by the creature imbued Minerva with an indelible odor.

"Now you are looking at me."

She tried countless times from the kingdom of Corona, but she was unable to tense the existence of the super sense.

So now she is 100%.

If the person in this room had been someone other than Shirone, he would have died of shock.

"Why didn't you accept it?"

For the first time, the smile disappeared from Shirone's face.

"I don't want to fight. You won't understand."

When Mirac Minerva was in the midst of terrorizing the world, her nickname was Death God.

Also, although not officially recorded, he was the most murderous human in human history.

"yes. You will never understand me."

Witches have no personality, so there are no taboos.

"For me, the best way to solve a problem is to eliminate it. If the confrontation between Nane and Shirone is a problem, it will end if both of them are killed. No, at least one of them."

Although it was a simple solution.

"But I couldn't. If I had a 51% chance of killing you, I would have done it in Corona."

I didn't see it until 51 percent.

"The stars are subjective. I don't want armed conflict, but it happens quite often. There is one last thing I want to confirm before going to Taeseong."

Minerva's broom sweeper made a loud noise and shuddered.

"Forgive me."

The energy of death rising from Minerva's body rose as if it would explode inside the elevator.

'death.'

I never counted how many I killed.

Calculated as population per unit area, the number of humans she killed was approximately 42 million.

42 million pheromones that can only be collected from dying creatures hit Shirone directly.

can you forgive

I might vomit blood first and collapse because I can't accept myself who needs to be forgiven.

"Yahweh."

Shirone embraced Minerva in a warm light.



"You have arrived."

The stars who chatted with Taeseong on the last floor of the Ivory Tower heading to the Temple of Earth waited for the lift.

As the elevator, which had covered dozens of floors in an instant, slowly stopped moving in front of them, Tsuoi approached.

"congratulation. I never thought you would become a star."

Since she had a record of killing Shirone's spirit in the kingdom of Tormia, it was appropriate for her to greet her as well.

"Huh!"

As soon as the elevator doors opened left and right, the blood drained from Tsuoi's face.

As the smell of apocalypse leaked out of the elevator, other stars also groaned.

"Is this, Black Death?"

It was the dark magic that Fermi had used in the graduation exam the other day, but it was a different level of intensity.

'Who the hell did this?'

Shirone and Minerva were standing side by side in the elevator that Louver was looking at.

"Minerva, when are you coming?"

Minerva's expression did not look good when she stepped out of the elevator first.

As she slowly looked around with cold eyes, no one made eye contact with her.

'This person is called the death god... ... .'

Just smelling her body gave off a tingling fear.

"wait for a sec... ... ."

Tsuoi, who had never seen Minerva in person, looked back at Shirone with a surprised expression.

'You said you rode the lift alone with someone like that?'

Shirone's expression was also not particularly good, but the fear she felt was nowhere to be found.

While the illusion of the brain watched expressionlessly, the dreamer Louver slowly approached and asked.

"Long time no see, Minerva. But inside the ivory tower, this murderous magic... ... ."

"This has been decided."

After Minerva interrupted Louver's words, she glanced at Shirone standing behind her and turned around.

"The Human Security Enforcement Department kills me."

Shirone forgave Minerva.

"Let's go, Brain."

The Holy Brain, which could be said to be her direct subordinate, nodded and followed Minerva away.

"What's that... ... ."

Tsuoi turned around and muttered, but Shirone approached with a smile.

"It makes me see you again."

It was already known that Shirone had reached the limitless state through Taeseong's ability, Gaia.

'But this... ... .'

It feels like a newborn child suddenly became an adult in the blink of an eye.

"Are you really that kid back then?"

Even at that time, Shirone was a promising player that the world was paying attention to, but he fell far short of Tsuoi's standard.

"Were you the same height back then?"

"Don't play around! What happened? Does it make sense that I couldn't stop you after reaching this level?"

It was also the reason Minerva was suspicious.

"Iknow, right."

Nane's strength can only be known by those who dealt with it directly, so Shirone couldn't find a reason to explain it either.

"Welcome, Shirone-kun. Do you remember me?"

Shirone's eyes narrowed at the sight of Louver, who was a dreamer, but as expected, there was no big emotional fluctuation.

"You were an ivory tower dweller."

"I work for the United Space Management Department. No status among the stars, but you need a leader. I guess I will follow your instructions from now on."

It is because Mahagaruta of the Unified Space Management Department, which was the existing Five Great Stars, was liberated.

"hello. It's a Twelve Mini."

Mini, who was sitting on top of Borbor's head, stood up and waved her hands.

"It's a 2-star, and I'm majoring in scale magic."

Just looking at the size of the mini, it was possible to know the state, but the scale of the person standing in front of it was infinite.

To her, Shirone was a person who had reached the pinnacle of her major, so even though she was the same star, her eyes were full of selfishness.

"You don't know how much my heart raced when I heard Taeseong-nim talk about it. If you could teach me the secret... ... ."

"Time is running out right now."

When Louver intervened, Minnie immediately shut up.

"Within 48 hours, Nane will liberate all the altars. Before that, let Taeseong receive the title of star."

"If it's that urgent, wouldn't it be better to take care of mine first?"

Even though it was an ivory tower where the world's best wizards gathered, and even receiving a 5-star title, Shirone was indifferent.

Louver smiled kindly as if he had already expected it.

"Of course, but filling the vacancy in Oh Dae-seong is just as urgent. Tae-seong would think so too. Come follow me."

Since it was an event of the United Space Management Department, residents in other departments dispersed that way.

Shirone, who was walking side by side with Louver, looked down at the sound he heard from the floor.

"Whoa! Whoa!"

Mini, who had jumped off Borbor, sprinted at full speed and followed Shirone.

"it's okay? It looks tough."

"Ah, that... ... When I release the scale, it gets too big. Do not worry. I run fast."

Shirone got down on one knee and held out his palm.

"Get on here. let's go together."

Louver glared at him, but Minnie couldn't contain her burning desire.

"Then, take the risk."

When Mini, who was seated in Shirone's palm, smiled, Louver shook his head and walked down the street.

"By the way... ... I thought I would be able to choose which department I could work in."

According to Arte, whom I met the other day, there are 5 departments in the Ivory Tower, and he chooses a department according to his own philosophy.

"Usually it is. But Oh Dae-seong is an exception. It would be more accurate to say that there is no particular meaning to the department."

Minnie added.

"The Unified Space Management Department has a role that is closer to command among the departments of the Ivory Tower. It is the role of coordinating opinions with Taeseong on the agendas received from the other four departments."

"Mr. Mahagaruta also worked in the closest place to Taeseong. You don't have to either... ... ."

Louver, who reached the top of the ivory tower, turned to Shirone and pointed upward.

"You should know at least how to get up there."

When Shirone raised her head, all she could see was the bluish sky outside the glass ceiling.

"You mean Taeseong is somewhere over there?"

"A place that cannot be accessed without Taeseong's permission. Only Mr. Mahagaruta was allowed to enter at will. Now you will have to prove your qualifications."

Since it was the universe, not the sky, even a wizard would not be able to fly through the sky.

'I can go.'

But even that wasn't the answer.

'Anyone can enter means that Taeseong doesn't have to open the door.'

Shirone put Mini down on the floor and said.

"Then I will go."

The fact that Yahweh's light gathers in his hand means that all the information in the world is in the palm of his hand.

"Be open."

At the end of the short voice, Shirone's body turned into light and disappeared.

"Wow, this... ... ."

Mini opened her eyes wide, and Louver nodded as if guessing something.

"It is different from the Buddha who speaks right. Rather, it seems that everything in the world is willing to give up the truth for him."

so it's a miracle

This universe loves Shirone enough to deny the existing law.

"... ... How could that be?"

Louver looked up at the sky.

"Perhaps because he gave everything first."



Earth Temple.

Arriving at Taeseong's resting place beyond space, Shirone looked around with calm eyes.

A neat-looking woman with stars in her eyes came down the stairs with her pure white clothes flying.

"You're here, Hexa."

There was sadness in Shirone's eyes.

"I'm sorry. Because I couldn't call you my child."

All creatures born from the stars must be children of Taeseong, but Shirone was an exception.

"Is there anyone more pitiful than you in this world? But think of this universe as your parent."

Taeseong's hand caressing Shirone's cheek was cold, but it didn't feel cold.

"So, how does it feel to be a god?"

It must have been a joke to lighten the mood, but Shirone, who experienced Andre's 19,000 world, couldn't help but laugh.

"There is something I want to know."

A look of embarrassment crossed Taesung's face.

"Am I a user (user)?"

This is the truth beyond infinity.

"Or is it a ghost that only exists in the system?"

=======================================
[740] To the stars (4)





A long silence passed behind Shirone's question, putting the name of the Earth Temple to shame.

"Shirone."

Taeseong opened his heavy mouth.

"Human beings have the ability to give names to things that exist. In other words, intelligence."

Naming is what intelligence is all about.

"But just because you have the ability to know something doesn't mean you can know everything."

Although numerous scholars explore the end of the universe.

"If you think that one day you will know everything, it is only the limit of human beings who have not yet realized the nature of intelligence."

Because the answer lies beyond infinity.

"That's why even I, who know everything in the world, can't say for sure what is outside the universe."

"But I am here."

It wasn't an outside issue.

"You can tell me what you see beyond the veil of infinity you see here and now."

"I really don't know. There is no reason for me to lie to Shirone."

"Can't you at least guess?"

"It's something you can't guess."

Taeseong was adamant.

"If you put your feet on the ground and look up at the sky, you can make a lot of guesses. You are free to let your imagination run wild. But at the end of the world, you can't. Shirone-kun knows that it is too dangerous."

It is unbelievable to guess the nature of the world.

"Beyond the veil may only be nothing. This may be the beginning. Why are you denying yourself?"

"I don't deny it, I want to admit it. I heard that Mr. Mahagarutha attained liberation. And never came back."

Had Mahagartha awakened from his dream by now, or would he have perished in eternal nothingness?

"I was able to come back to this world because I gave up everything in the realm of infinity... ... ."

The reason Shirone was sad was this.

"If I had crossed the border, I wouldn't have come back either."

You can't return to a dream outside of a dream, so I knew that Nane was right.

"If I want to defend this world against Nane, no, if I want to surpass him, I think we have to define Hexa first."

Taeseong let out a long sigh.

"Infinity is... ... ."

Then he looked back at Shirone and asked.

"What is it? cowardice? What about humans? what about the stars? Everything is just a name given to something that exists for no reason. It just exists, and we define it according to our needs. That is why infinity and cowardice are only names given to us."

Taeseong's index finger aimed at Shirone's forehead.

"Even God."

"... ... ."

"For humans, the concept of God has no reason to be complicated. Because it's a realm of faith, and it's a name built for that purpose from the beginning. However, when the person who enters the realm of the gods becomes Shirone, who is called the infinite wizard... ... ."

Taeseong lowered his arm.

"You run into all sorts of contradictions. You can handle all the information in the world. God. But the problem is, that information is from the human point of view."

Shirone was clearly a god, but he was a god that humans could define.

"I know why Shirone-kun asked the question. Ideas realized through the 8th sense simply exist, so they do not need to exist or not exist... ... ."

That's why he controls the phenomena of all things freely.

"It is also just an infinity named by humans, so the true meaning is that it is outside."

Taeseong immediately spoke.

"Also, since the hexa is made of light, that is, to translate it differently... ... That it is just an abnormal signal flowing through the system, not a specific entity."

I felt like my heart stopped when I heard Taeseong.

"Eventually I... ... ."

Taehyung's expression softened.

"This is my home."

"home... ... What?"

"Yes. Let's try it. What Shirone-kun wants to know. I will guess beyond infinity at the end of the world."

I could feel Taesung's kind heart.

"As Shirone-kun knows, I am the reincarnation of a star. My name, who governs all the stars, is Gaia. for example... ... Let's say I'm actually a program. The Gaia Program."

Taeseong emphasized the feeling of being a family.

"The universe is born and the natural world is born in it. There are two huge programs that make up the natural world. One is me, Gaia who governs the planets. And another... ... ."

Taeseong's gaze turned to the ceiling.

"This is the stellar program, Ra."

It was another name for the sun.

"The Gaia program builds a new system through the energies delivered by the stellar program. It is the birth of the sub-system of the natural world, the biological system."

"And in that biome... ... ."

"It is still too early to speak of humans."

Taeseong stopped talking.

"When Gaia creates the environment with the power of Ra, the biological program Argones spreads the cell. The number of evolutionary species is infinite, but the substance is the simplest information carrier."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Argones?"

Fisho, who majored in insect magic in the graduation exam, was the name of the alien creature that became its host.

"Ra's power, Gaia's environment, Argones' cell. Combining these three elements indefinitely, there must be a certain space in this wide universe where creatures can live. Then, the basic preparations are completed."

"Preparation for what?"

"Ready for users to use this world."

Shirone shut his mouth.

"I am speaking on the assumption that Shirone's guess is true. Even if a creature exists, constructing a mind is another matter. First of all, it has to be real, and yet it has to offset the fear of death."

"It is God."

"Yes. Mind Program God. Humans call it this way because it is a program derived from the star, the source of life."

Taeseong raised his index finger.

"Eternal and immortal Ra."

It was Anchera.

"Nevertheless, Anchera may not know that he is a program. Perhaps you only know it as a being who suddenly opened your eyes in the realm of nothingness. He subjectively defines all concepts, stores them in the Akashic Records, and transmits them to all living things in the universe through quantum transmission. That's why Nane said that this world is Ankera's dream."

Everything that I felt as a portrait became clearer as if I could see it with my eyes.

"But an unexpected problem arose."

Taehyung's eyes softened.

"The mind program was activated, and all users were to achieve eternal life through reincarnation. However, the first humans who came out of Gaia, that is, the Gaians, began to resist the God program."

Shirone recalled the Gaian record he had seen at Babel.

"So you were trying to get away from Anchera."

"Yes. It was a fierce war. Every time Ankera tried to reset to catch the error, Gaia desperately blocked it. They considered their enlightenment to be more important than the universe. It had to be passed on to posterity somehow."

Shirone swallowed his saliva.

"Ankerado attacked them with all the concepts he had defined. He seemed unable to stop the reset, with the tide turning. In the meantime, someone from Gaia found a way not to lose his enlightenment."

"That way... ... ."

"You go outside and inject your own code. It's about infiltrating a special signal that can withstand a reset."

Shirone shook her head.

"How could that be? Even Mahagaruta-san can't influence this world since he's already been liberated."

"There is one way."

Shirone's eyes widened as he suddenly realized.

"no way... ... ."

"Yes. Guffin expunge."

Taeseong waved his fingers.

"As soon as it is reset, it leaves the photon field and injects a new signal. This is the truth behind the original reset."

Shirone bit her molars.

"Then what is Hexa... ... ."

"Mind programs transmit information through quanta, biological programs transmit information through electricity, but ultimately it is a network based on photons. Time, matter, and energy are all light. And the Gaians use that unit of information... ... ."

Taesung spat out in a cautious voice.

"It was called Hexa."

At the same time, tears flowed down Shirone's cheeks.

"Even the concept of cause and effect is nothing more than a definition freely interpreted by Ankera's dream. There is no cause for Hexa who came from outside this world. That's why he is free from Ankera's reset, and is the only one who lives outside of his dreams."

"Huh. Whoops."

Taeseong's heart collapsed at Shirone's cry, but he had to come to a conclusion since he had come this far.

"The light that makes up Hexa imitates human information as it is. That's why Shirone-kun is also human. However, when viewed from the outside, as Shirone-kun guessed... ... ."

Taehyung bit his lip for a moment.

"Maybe it's just a signal."

Shirone's shoulders shook as she lowered her head.

"I... ... I... ... ."

My parents who raised me, my beloved Amy, my friends at magic school, and countless people I have met over the course of my 20 years of life.

'None of them... ... .'

Not connected.

It's just a program of some pioneers to get out of Ankera's control.

"But maybe not."

At Taesung's words, Shirone raised her head again.

"I made it clear, Shirone. It's just a guess. I also don't know the truth. It's just that Shirone-kun's realization from cowardice was grafted onto the point of view of infinity. If you put your mind to it, you can come up with any other story. The biggest problem is that the Guffins have already been expunged."

"Why does that matter?"

"I know all the history of the universe, but I can't remember the Guffin. The most curious part is why did the Gaians compose Hexa with human information?"

Shirone's eyes blinked.

"Even if this world is at any point in the cowardice, there is quite a bit of evidence that humans can't be concluded as the only users. The same goes for the Terraforce race and the Gaians. It's clear that the model is much more complex than Shirone guesses. But surprisingly, what Gaia chose was human."

"Hmm."

Shirone, who finally came to his senses, stroked his chin.

"I became an infinite wizard by opening my 8th sense, but Gaia people are a race that opened their 11th sense and intimacy. She is on a different level from Shirone, who uses omnipotence by human standards. Therefore, the universe they analyzed and the assumptions outside the curtain may be completely different from what Shirone thinks now."

"Beyond infinity."

It was a one-line phrase that Guffin gave to Shirone after Gaiain's record ended and the screen was reset.

"... ... come to me."

Taeseong grabbed Shirone's trembling shoulders.

"Maybe it's not a signal, Shirone."

Although the guffin was expunged.

"I might not be alone."

"Alone... ... no... ... ."

Tears, much hotter than before, flowed profusely.

"Go beyond me and reach the ultimate. And meet me proudly at the end of this world. your real parents."

Shirone always nodded.

"Yes. certainly... ... ."

At least not yet was the time to give up everything.

"like. then."

Taeseong, who tapped Shirone on the shoulder, said with a pleasant smile.

"From now on, we will begin the bestowal ceremony for the stars."

=======================================
[741] Great Purifier (1)





Star Conferment Ceremony.

Unlike the residents who stay in the ivory tower for the rest of their lives, those who directly go out to the world and spread the teachings are called stars.

Their authority was not received from someone, but was carried out by themselves, so no grandiose procedures are needed.

However, being recognized for the value of intellect by an incarnation of a star must have been an unfamiliar feeling for anyone born on this land.

"Shirone, I award you the highest five stars. Please become Five Stars and protect this land."

Taeseong's voice was heard softly, and the castle and pavilion appeared in front of him.

"this... ... ."

This planet's high pass that can only be possessed by those who have received the title of Star.

"Take it. As the owner of this land, it is a heavy burden that I entrust to you."

'Lord of this land... ... .'

There are many kings and nobles with territories in the world, but they were not the true masters either.

"This tile represents me. All who dwell on this land are my children, and I will gladly help you."

What those in power fear is the power of the ivory tower, but at least I liked the meaning.

"Yes. thank you."

The castle plate with the five stars engraved on it was made of a mixture of iron and wood, and it was a touch that Shirone had never touched before.

"It was made of star fragments. You should be able to see significant effects just by carrying it on your body."

"It's a fragment of a star... ... ."

If you knew the principle, you should be able to summon it with material.

"What effect does it have?"

"I heard that it promotes blood circulation and is good for stamina."

Shirone hung the holy orb around her neck.

"Are you done now?"

"Usually it is. However, Shirone-kun is the Five Stars that lead the stars, so there are things you need to know. Of course, there are also perks."

'It's a privilege.'

The king of a country wondered what else he could give besides power.

"First of all, most stars have moons nearby. I can help you if you want. How about Shirone-kun?"

"Um, a satellite... ... ."

The first thing I thought of was Lian, and then several people passed through my mind.

"I don't think it's really necessary."

Taeseong nodded as if he knew that.

"okay. In fact, no one has a satellite in Odaeseong. It's unusual to see it as a coincidence."

The satellite must have the direction of orbiting the star as well as the complementarity of assisting and orbiting around the star.

"Each star has a firm philosophy. That's why I don't pick satellites only with my skills. Especially if it's Ohdaesung... ... ."

"Yes. What I am trying to do is not something that can be achieved by compromising with someone."

It is a task that must be carried through to the end despite numerous opposition from the top of the intellect.

The star of the ivory tower was such a world.

"That's why stars who haven't pulled out satellites sometimes ask for things like weapons or means of transportation. In some cases, they ask us to find a satellite even if we search the outer world."

"It's an alien... ... ."

Arte's satellite Tokay came to mind.

"So why don't you ask Shirone-kun something from me? We can tailor anything you want."

Even the spiritual world, the source of the object, is under the control of the 4-star resident Louver, so it wasn't an exaggeration.

"I do not know. It is necessary... ... ."

Now that I can use materials, there was no way I could have something I absolutely wanted.

"There is not enough explanation. The type doesn't matter. Registering it in the ivory tower is important."

After escaping from her thoughts, Shirone lifted her head.

"Registration?"

"As you know, a star can register another existence besides itself in the ivory tower. Usually it is a satellite, but the same is true for objects."

Taeseong showed the cards carried by the satellites.

"Having the star plaque means receiving the absolute support of the people of the Ivory Tower. For example, let's say you register a dagger that anyone can use as a star item."

The hand turned into a dagger, and a mark orbiting around a star was engraved on the handle.

"If the owner loses the dagger, and someone picks it up and kills the man. And if the murderer were to be punished by the kingdom... ... ."

The mark engraved on the dagger emitted an intense light.

"The inhabitants of the Ivory Tower will do everything in their power to wipe the kingdom off the map."

Shirone swallowed his saliva.

"Ivory Tower residents have absolute trust in the stars. It is to believe that even if a person dies from a lost knife, there will be some inevitable reason that the criminals do not know."

That is why no one can become a star.

"Nothing is completely wrong or completely right. It is always us who define it. Sometimes compromise isn't everything. There are times when there is no other way than to make it happen."

If I had tried to solve all problems through compromise, humanity would have already perished before me.

"Registering the title of a star is the minimum problem-solving ability an ivory tower can have. In other words... ... ."

Taeseong held out the handle of the dagger.

"Even if they are wrong, the judgment of the stars is always right."

"ah... ... ."

As Shirone grabbed the handle, the dagger turned a bluish light and flew into beautiful fragments.

"Choose carefully. It doesn't matter if it's a person, an object or an animal. Besides Shirone, there is only one thing that can be registered in the ivory tower."

"Yes, I will keep that in mind."

Thinking that the meaning was conveyed properly, Taeseong smiled with satisfaction and put his palms together.

"This is the basic rights of a star. And Oh Dae-seong is given a special gift."

"If you give, I will be grateful."

I don't really have any material desires, but since I've become a great star, shouldn't I receive what I deserve?

"What kind of gift is this?"

Taeseong asked this question in a playful way, but it was a difficult question to answer when I remembered it.

"Haha, well? Is it like a souvenir?"

I thought it would suit Oh Dae-seong, but Tae-seong shook his head and pointed to the sky.

"I'll give it one star."

"... ... Yes. Yes?"

Shirone doubted his ears.

"What are you giving me?"

"Actually, all I have is a star. Everything else was done by the Ivory Tower people."

Other than that, I couldn't even guess what it meant to have a star.

"If you have a star... ... Will it really be mine?"

"Absolutely. Because I control all the stars in this world, and I am giving you one of them."

As Taeseong swung both hands around, the glass on the outer wall of the Temple of Earth shone brightly, reflecting the scene of the universe.

"wow... ... ."

This time, Shirone was also a little impressed.

"Byul, especially Oh Dae-sung, is a job with a lot to think about in terms of being the leader of the star. Sometimes I think I need a space to think alone, away from the human world."

"No, but I don't dare to go to another planet... ... ."

"A star without a name is lonely."

Shirone shut his mouth.

"The universe is surprisingly empty. Not all stars serve their purpose. There are countless stars that exist just to fill the odds. I started because I thought that if even one person could name a star, that would be good too."

It was an idea that could be done because he was an incarnation of a star.

"okay. I will be grateful."

He said it was a privilege, but instead Taeseong clapped his hands excitedly and showed the candidates for the stars.

"like! Then I'll pick out a few stars that people can live on. Pick a star you like and name it."

Numerous stars spread across the ceiling of the Temple of Earth rushed at the speed of light, and suddenly illuminated a huge planet.

'beautiful.'

It was all blue water, and tens of thousands of islands were spread out in that vast sea.

"The average temperature is 28 degrees. It is a planet similar to the tropical climate of this planet. There are many islands, so it is perfect for a vacation spot. There is no one to name, but there are many different animals and plants spread evenly across the island, so it's good to take a walk depending on your mood."

Taesung proudly introduced a masterpiece that came out of the infinite probability of the universe.

"awesome."

"It is a work that I highly recommend. And next is the star of the blue earth."

A planet with endless vegetation on a huge continent rotated with blue clouds floating around.

"There are many animals living here. They don't eat each other because they don't run out of food. Everyone is gentle. If you like animals, I would recommend this planet."

As Taeseong pulled the planet closer, mermaids were sitting on rocks in a small lake and singing a beautiful song.

'Amy will like it.'

While Shirone watched happily, Taeseong introduced the last planet.

"This is definitely a work of art created by the natural world."

Even on the planet Shirone lives on, it was an endless planet with numerous superb views that were extremely rare to find.

"It is by far the best among those created by volcanoes, typhoons, tides, and tectonic shifts. It's safe to take your friends with you now. of course... ... Although I could sprain my foot while climbing the mountain."

Mountain peaks rose jagged above the clouds, and the blue sea spread out below the sheer cliffs.

A jungle was formed along a huge river, and animals were moving in herds over the endless fields.

"Um... ... okay."

Shirone withdrew the thoughts that came to his mind after hearing Taeseong's words for the first time.

'There was something I wanted.'

I really wanted to have it.

Even if it was made of materials, it was questionable whether it would be possible to create such beauty, let alone time.

"It is not an expression suitable for a star, but it is also rich in resources. There are many materials that are not here. Bringing them in in large quantities is not permitted as it destroys the balance of the stars, but it doesn't matter if you collect them for personal use. If you can afford it, it would be nice to learn alchemy."

After completing the introduction of Byul, Taeseong looked back at Shirone.

"If you don't like something... ... ."

"I'll do it for you."

When Shirone raised his hand and pointed at the ceiling, Taeseong smiled and nodded.

"Then, please give me a name."

"The name of the planet... ... ."

Shirone's eyes became wet for a moment.

"Hexa."

May it not be a lonely name anymore.

"That's a great name. So from now on, Planet Hexa belongs to Syrone. This is guaranteed by me, who controls the stars in the universe, and no one can claim ownership."

Taeseong checked the time.

"There is a little more than a day until the altar opens. During that time, we fought fiercely. You can do whatever you want to do."

Shirone became impatient because it seemed to mean that she should organize her life, which was not long.

"Nope. I'd rather go back to you. This time, I will make a decision."

Taeseong shook his head.

"If Shirone loses, no one can stop me. wait for the time It takes time."

"So you're saying we're just going to stand here and watch as the world descends into destruction?"

"It will not perish."

Taeseong said confidently.

"Shirone, humans are weak, but not weak. Those who have overcome numerous crises so far will not give up the world easily."

After Taeseong said that, he looked down at the ground, and Shirone turned his gaze to the blue planet beyond the glass floor.

'What's going on?'

=======================================
[742] Great Purifier (2)





* * *



The planet Taeseong and Shirone look down on is largely divided into five continents.

First of all, the North Pole with the ivory tower.

And below that lies the continent to which more than half of the world's 70 countries belong.

The continent is divided into North, Central, South, and Middle East.

There are 21 kingdoms in the central continent, which has the highest national density, including Shirone's hometown, the kingdom of Tormia.

The southern continent has a relatively larger territory than the central continent, but there is a feeling that national power is lower than that of the central continent.

However, the kingdom of Iron, located at the southernmost tip of the continent, was one of the Seven Stars and was a powerful nation representing the south.

Paras, the only kingdom in the Middle East, is also one of the Seven Planets and occupies the Akkadian Desert divided and occupied with Kashan.

When you cross the sea from the Middle East, the second largest land mass in the world comes out, which is called the East.

In the north of the east, there is the Jincheon Empire, a kingdom of three emperors, and six kingdoms under it are fiercely fighting for the second person.

If you cross the equator past the island country under the east, you will find the south, which is also the hometown of Gangnan.

There are 14 kingdoms, but the dominance is weak, and instead thousands of tribes live by keeping their own traditions.

Finally, there is Antarctica, the coldest place in the world, an unknown continent where no living thing can live.

And now.

The great work that had been progressing step by step since Ankera opened the door of the great purification was approaching the final moment.

The 3,600 altars installed in 69 countries around the world, excluding the Arctic kingdom of Corona, are about to open.



* * *



iron kingdom.

Iron Kingdom, one of the seven kingdoms, was a country with painful memories of Marsha's parrot mercenary group degenerating into bandits.

But that is now a thing of the past.

After rescuing Shirone from the Under Code, Marsha activated a contract with Uorin, and now as a full-fledged S-class mercenary, she was receiving special treatment in the Iron Kingdom.

"What the hell are you doing?"

Freeman, who was looking down at the altar from the bottom of the cliff, rested his chin in thought.

Although he was no longer number two in terms of skill, he was still the vice-captain by Marsha's side.

A medium-sized, nimble man reported.

"According to our research, more than 1,000 altars have been found all over the world, and there are more than 200 in the Iron Kingdom alone."

And it has just been completed.

"Is it possible?"

It is impossible to build large altars simultaneously, even for the kingdom project, which would take well over a year.

Civil engineering works that completely cut down a mountain and made it flat were not possible with manpower.

"The power of magic... ... Wouldn't it?"

It was the answer that came closest to the correct answer, but Freeman could not readily accept it.

"Maybe God can do it."

As the pale faces with no more eyebrows were distorted, the members grabbed their weapons with nervous expressions.

"Shall we infiltrate?"

Marsha ordered it directly, so even if God stayed there, I would have to go.

"Go in."

As soon as Freeman gave instructions, the members lowered their posture like wild animals and charged toward the cliff.

"stop."

The voices were small, but the footsteps of the 20 members who possessed superhuman senses stopped without any error.

"leader."

Clay Marsha, the leader of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, walked through the forest holding a pipe in his mouth.

"What happened all of a sudden?"

Freeman asked, but Marsha only narrowed her eyes and looked down at the altar at the bottom of the cliff.

"It was short-lived. It's not something we have."

Horrible rumors from the high society were driving the Iron Kingdom into an end-of-the-century atmosphere, but the value of the mercenaries was money.

the agent asked.

"Captain, what do you mean by that? What in the world is there that we can't hold?"

It was unusual for Marsha, a brilliant calculator, to withdraw from her plan midway through.

"Urgent information has arrived. The special forces of the Iron Kingdom, which were investigating altars in other regions, were wiped out."

"Annihilation?"

Unless it was a war with another country, it was extremely rare for Iron's troops to be wiped out within their own country.

"Who the hell... ... ."

Just as Freeman was about to speak, Marsha frowned and pointed at the bottom of the cliff.

On the paved road, a stooped old man was walking toward the altar with a cane on his back.

When Freeman, who had been watching closely, looked back at Marsha, she was gulping saliva through the nape of her white neck.

"Withdraw now."

"what's the matter?"

"I don't have time to explain. That's not human."

"If not human, then what?"

"I don't know either."

It was an honest impression.

When she encountered Miro's skills in Under Coder, Marsha thought that humans could not go deeper than this.

'But that... ... .'

surpass the maze

The reason I can be sure is because I felt as if all the scenery in the world was being drawn to the skinny old man.

'No matter how huge the maze is... ... .'

It won't be heavier than the old man.

"An uninvited guest has arrived."

Number 1 in the Order of the Ten Commandments, Veron.

When Amitabha Banya's shiny eyes turned toward the cliff, the members finally realized.

'Die.'

There was no lie in Marsha's words.

"Bounce!"

In an instant, the entire mercenary group of parrots disappeared on the cliff, and Veron clicked his tongue.

"Young people these days have no ambition."

Veron's staff struck the ground again.

"How long are you going to eat the old man's back?"

Arriving at the altar, Veron sat down on the lowest floor and fanned with his hand.

"Come to think of it, you've lived a really long time."

The leaders of the Council of Ten Lords all lived more than 10,000 years, but no one knew how long Veron lived.

'Why can't I go anywhere?'

What remains in this world?

Just as Veron was silent and thoughtful, a red light rose like a flame in front of his eyes.

"President."

The 7th rank of the Order of the Ten Commandments, the disciple Prajna Shura, appeared.

He had a body as smooth as a snake, and when he dealt with lies, his dark eyes became long and cold.

"The altar is ready to be opened."

"... ... ."

"I built the altar according to Ankera's instructions, but there is a lot of talk even in the Eternal Society."

In order to become a god named Anke, Nane accepted each other in order to save sentient beings.

"What we wanted was for Ra to become a god and this world to become the only one. But now... ... ."

A great void is coming.

"Some people are liberated, some people are reincarnated, and now some people are trying to shut it down."

For Veron, this world was everything.

"As always, we must find meaning. For the Eternal, the meaning of life is the same as that of a mortal."

"If you come, what is the meaning of Nane's gong?"

"... ... no."

Veron stood up with his cane.

"So I'm thinking of making it from now on."

Veron stepped on the steps of the altar and asked Shura who followed him.

"What do you think of fate?"

"The illusion created by the harmony of time... ... How much? Because there is nothing outside the law of causality."

Baron nodded.

"The human mind is just a grain of sand that gets carried away by the flow of time. The flow of the seawater does not change just because the fish are flowing backwards."

Shura listened.

"If you sow seeds in the present, they will sprout in the future. Humans mistake it for a great ability, but... ... ."

Veron caught his breath halfway up the altar.

"In fact, it was already decided from the moment the seeds were sown. it's not about changing That's how it goes."

We do not create the future, but the future that has already been created strikes us.

"If human free will had the ability to truly change things... ... ."

With the peak in front of him, Veron turned his head.

"Shouldn't we be able to destroy the future, away from the illusion of changing the future?"

Even if you sow the seeds, you must be able to sprout.

"That it truly lives in the future."

"President."

Shura, who reached the level of the disciple of wisdom, was unable to understand Amita's intentions.

"The owner of this world says he will close it. If that's the case, it's something we have to accept."

Veron looked up at the sky.

"However, it is human will."

Obsession with the present world, eternal life.

Perhaps this is the meaning of himself who has been involved in this world for a long time.

"Jeongjeong."

Baron thought.



Amitabha Incarnation Technique - Iron pole.



"Keugh!"

Sensing the concentration of the law, Shura jumped straight from the top of the high altar and landed on the ground.

'Concentration of great thought.'

Veron's wide-open jaw trembled and a hoarse voice leaked out.

"Ghaaaaaa!"

As the laws of the world twisted, they began to gather at the extreme point of the staff that Veron had struck down.

His will would be planted here with a binding force strong enough not to be pulled out by the waves of time.



-You're foolish, Amita.



A huge voice spread from the sky.

Then all the clouds in the sky condensed and changed into the shape of Nane's face.

"Keugh!"

When Shura invoked the incarnation of the disciple Vanya, numerous crosses formed a sphere-shaped defense shield.



The gestalt of union - the strangulation of God.



Just as looking at a stain on a wallpaper and thinking of a meaningful shape, her law combines lies to bring about a phenomenon close to reality.

'Never be destroyed! I couldn't even break the maze!'

Even if it was the world of the Under Code that specialized in one's abilities.



- Don't be afraid.



Sermon-truth.



From Nane's forehead, a sword as white as drawing paper was thrust into the god's stranglehold at the speed of a flash.

"what... ... !"

As the closely assembled crosses separated like a chemical reaction, Shura's face was exposed.

'This is me.'

He swallowed Ankera's dream and was the nemesis of Shura, who was closest to being right in this universe.

"Ahhh... ... ."

Shura's shoulders trembled as her butt fell, and Nane's gaze shifted to Veron.

There was no visible phenomenon, but the iron pole was already completed and nailed to space and time.



-You think I can't break it?



Veron's eyes looking up at the sky contained pride and awe at the same time.

"It's your world, but it's not like there's no way to deny it if it's only me."

Because Nane's Kar value is not perfect.



-Someday you will be swept away.



I don't know how many resets I can endure, but it's self-evident that eventually it will be destroyed by the waves of time.

Hexa was the only one who could survive.

"Then stop accepting it. I just want to know, is the human mind so insignificant?"

It was the last question Veron threw to the world.

"Even if everything goes back to nothing and there are no records left, the life of an eternal life is to fight until the end."

Shura suddenly realized.

'So before the altar opens... ... .'

An iron pole was driven into the only point where there was room for reversal, and a fixed and unchanging standard was created.

'Even if hundreds of futures are mixed, the beginning is always here.'

Veron, the 0.1% of Nane created by Shirone, accurately stabbed that sharp gap.

Perhaps the thought that nothing had been decided passed through Shura's mind.

=======================================
[743] Great Purifier (3)





'A truly formidable obsession.'

The officers of the Tenro Society were those who overcame the fear of death, so Veron's obsession was also meaningful.

'But the opponent is me.'

Even though the rulers of each country are already aware of the altar, the reason why they cannot take action is because there is no way to prevent it.

'There is no way to stop Buddha.'



- Poor girl.



Veron's iron pole would be an obstacle to the future Nane was planning, but there was no resentment in his voice.

'Rather pity.'

If obsession causes pain, Veron's iron pole had reached the limit of obsession that humans can have.



-I will save you from suffering.



The cloud in the shape of Nane clenched its fists and assumed a posture to charge towards Veron.

"Shura, leave."

"Nope. I will protect the president."

Veron pushed his mouth from side to side.

"Sometimes lying is clumsy."

"... ... ."

"I cannot miss this opportunity. Didn't you wait for today from the moment you became a human without going through reincarnation?"

Veron's jaw swelled like a balloon, and his pupils half-bulged out like toads.

"Only those who kill Buddhas can become Buddhas. My rightness is only right now."

Shura's shoulders trembled as her long, blood-red tongue protruded from between Veron's lips.

'The president is sincere.'

As she remembers, the last time Veron planned anything with all his might was more than 5,000 years ago.

"Kill me, and I will become the new Buddha."



-Anyone can become a Buddha.



When the cloud of Nane, over two kilometers in height, rushed to the ground, the vegetation shook terribly.

"President!"

As Shura shouted, Veron raised his wand with mad eyes.

"This is my pole."

When he struck the ground with his cane, the air shook like a rubber sheet, and a hole was punched through Nane's clouds.

An evacuation alarm went off in Shura's head.

'This is the beginning.'

Given the size of the battle, she would have to move at least 100 kilometers away, but her eyes were still fixed on the battlefield.

I also thought that I had to watch the end of this confrontation until the end because I was not completely flawless.

"conflict!"

As Veron's staff struck the ground a second time, Nane's clouds coalesced into a dot in the air and exploded.

Veron murmured as he looked up at the huge belt spreading all the way to the horizon.

"... ... Is the real coming?"

In the place where the clouds disappeared, a colorful glow was born, and Nane appeared.



Sermon - Tathagata.



Shura's lips parted blankly.

'It looks like it came from far away.'

As the sword of light unfolded around Nane and drew a circle, the son-in-law became so bright that even the sun could not be seen.



Sermon - infinite amount.



In an instant, the brilliance exploded, and as many swords of light as the sun's rays were shot to the ground.

"Oohhhh!"

Looking up at the light that poured down like a shower, Veron swung his staff at terrifying speed.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrating

A sound like thunder erupted from the ground, and in an instant, a radius of 1 kilometer was devastated.

'What about the president?'

A thick haze was pushed back, and a powerful voice broke out.

"Are you just claiming to be a Buddha to this extent!"

As Veron rotated his staff and bounced the sword of light, the innumerable sermon caused a diffuse reflection.

"Huh!"

Shura closed her eyes, but the light was so bright that she could see the silhouette of the landscape through her eyelids.

'Even against the Tathagata, he is equal. maybe this... ... .'

Since no one has yet become a god, I, too, do not know the end of my strength, but I am not immortal.

"Because I'm stuck with only me... ... ."

Nane spread his arms with a smile, and a gray sword vibrated above his head.

"How can I realize no self?"



Sermon-Gwan.



A gray line was drawn from the sky, and before I knew it, the sword that cut Veron's cane into pieces was thrust into my chest.

"eww... ... ."

Veron, who spread his 10 fingers wide, joined his palms and grabbed the blade just before it pierced his chest.

"Aaaaaaaaaaa!"

The law was concentrated between the palms, blocking the penetration of the blade, but the body was pushed back with terrifying speed.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

Even in the midst of being pushed back a kilometer, Veron's law was being compressed more strongly.

'I have no choice but to destroy it!'

Just as he was about to crush the blade, Nane rotated with a futile expression and closed his hand again toward Veron.

"Sermon. Big."

As the gray sword grew bigger without knowing the end, the gap between Veron's palms gradually widened, and the speed of being pushed rapidly increased.

"Wow!"

"That... ... ."

A strange light flashed in Shirone's eyes as she was looking at the ground in the Temple of the Earth.

In the southern hemisphere, at a certain point in the Kingdom of Iron, a gray sword soared and was vibrating at 7.8 times the size of the planet.

'No, we are advancing.'

According to the confirmation of the magician's senses, it was weak, but it was clearly moving at a rate of 1 kilometer per second.

"Amita who can withstand that is also amazing."

Taeseong asked.

"How is it? I know it because I've encountered it myself. If it were Shirone, would it be possible to stop the current sermon?"

"Yes."

From a scale perspective, they were roughly similar, and that's why the universe hasn't closed yet.

"Extension of an entity that is not an entity. Legally, defense is possible."

"Hmm."

Taeseong listened to Shirone's opinion.

"But I am constantly getting stronger. Eventually, I will reach a point where I can't handle it."

That was exactly what Taeseong wanted to say, but it was not yet time to say it out loud.

Neither alone nor many, everyone must fight.

'Even if it's impossible... ... .'



"Huhhhh!"

At the end of the 18-kilometer scratch that Nane's sermon coffin carved into the planet, Veron was brutally beaten.

'Can't it be blocked?'

A tunnel stretched out to the horizon along his path, and flames blazed around him from the heat.

'Come in.'

A scorching pain rushed in as the now immeasurable blade pierced between the palms and landed on the chest.

'This is my end.'

I suddenly remembered.

'Why am I... ... Had I been so obsessed with life?'



gurgling. gurgling.

By the time Veron didn't have a name yet, he was nothing more than a lucky-looking poison toad.

Gureuk!

A system that sits somewhere in the pond and jumps and jumps, then stretches out its tongue to swallow the occasional flies that pass by.

'I want to eat. I want to breed.'

It wasn't a particularly bad life to repeat the day with the same desire every day.

'Enemy! nemesis! nemesis! Nemesis!'

It was only when the poisonous toad's natural enemy snake swallowed Veron in one bite that he realized that fact.

... ... .

The snake's venom was more terrifying than the toad's, and in the cramped stomach he blinked in terror.

'Die!'

The reason why he couldn't even scream was the fate of the creature that was born that way.

'It's painful. stuffy. It melts.'

Like many poisonous toads, Veron deserved to be nourished in the snake's stomach.

'Dying?'

Everything that makes me disappear.

Meh eh eh! Meh eh eh!

In a situation where he lost consciousness due to the paralyzing poison, Veron cried out with his mouth wide open.

'I don't want to die! like this... ... like this... ... !'

As the concentration of the poison permeated the mucus intensified, the snake's stomach pressed harder.

help me.

The natural enemy is born with all the abilities to digest prey, but this time it was quite poisonous.

The snake wriggled wildly to speed up digestion, and perhaps that was the end of it.

Sharp teeth pierced the snake's skin and cut Veron's back.

gurgling! gurgling!

The snake's stomach began spitting out veron again, and the slime prevented the skin from being ripped from the fangs.

When Veron, who escaped outside, looked back, the snake was being bitten by a wild cat.

'I live!'

If Veron hadn't struggled, the snake wouldn't have moved, and the wildcat wouldn't have spotted them either.

'Live! Lived!'

After frantically running away and hiding in the depths of the lakeside, Veron fell asleep as if fainting.

rumble.

And when I woke up again, countless stars were twinkling in the sky.

Looking up at the sky, Veron was seized with a strange feeling.

'It's a shame.'

Emotions, as they were without words, engulfed his whole body.

The image of himself wriggling wildly inside the snake's stomach, screaming and screaming for help.

'Why is it so embarrassing?'

The answer to the first question that came to Veron's mind when he was born contained a profound logic.

'Because there is no meaning.'

I couldn't be so pathetic to see myself struggling without even a reason to live.

'meaning. The meaning I have to live.'

Realizing the incarnation, the toad looked at the stars in the sky until dawn that night.



'Did I say obsession?'

As Nane's sword raced endlessly, Veron's body began digging into the ground.

'Maybe it could be.'

All the flesh on his palm had fallen off, and the blade had penetrated from his collarbone to his stomach.

'But this is my eternal life.'

Even if his body disappears, the meaning he left behind will forever support this world.

'Death is also life.'

Death will soon become life.

"No shame!"

As Veron struggled with all his might, the world-encompassing law concentrated between his palms.

"conflict!"

Hey hey hey!

Nane's sword twisted loudly and shattered from the tip of the blade.

"Huh... ... ."

Veron, who had managed to keep his balance, twitched his lips as he gazed at the scenery in front of him, reminiscent of a cataclysm.

"Shura, do you have any crabs?"

The space was torn apart and Shura appeared.

"Chairman, are you okay?

"Go to Hexa. Don't make the meaning I left behind in this world meaningless."

"No! You know how much I hate that kid! What about the Ten Commandments?"

When Veron's eyes collided with everything that had been put down, Shura secretly avoided his gaze.

"Why, why do I have to... ... ."

Veron tapped Shura on the shoulder.

"... ... Live."

After that, Shura raised her eyebrows as she watched Veron collapse.

"I don't know, how to live forever... ... ."

When I turned around at the sound of footsteps, Nane was approaching me with a calm gesture.

"Did you choose to stay in the end?"

This world had to be closed as soon as possible for Veron, who was unable to go anywhere and was wandering around the Nine Heavens.

"Obsession, do you also want to follow in the footsteps of your ancestors?"

Shura looked down at Veron's corpse.



-Go to Hexa.



Recalling Veron's voice, Shura's eyes grew cold, then turned around and knelt down to Nane.

"What opinion can I dare to give to a person who overwhelms the head of the Council of Ten Lords?"

Shura's forehead touched the ground.

"I will follow you."

When Nane nodded and turned around with her hands behind her back, Shura approached behind her.

"What are you going to do?"

"Open the altar."

The altar where Veron's iron pole was planted was razed to the ground, but there are still 3.599 altars left in the world.

"Sermon, opening."

A sword pierced through the sky and flew into space, splitting into thousands of flashes and crashing down.



Taesung said.

"The Great Purifier has been opened."

=======================================
[744] Great Purifier (4)





* * *



The ground shuddered wildly as lightning-like flashes fell on the 3,599 altars spread all over the world.

As Nane's will permeated, red light began to leak through the cracks in the bricks, causing confusion among the occupying troops in each country.

"Commander! The altar is about to be opened!"

The adjutant shouted, but the commander checked the map until the end and put the sword around his waist.

"It's a strange thing."

According to the guide of the temple where the Three Emperors, Chilwangseong, and Prince Lee gathered, there were still 23 hours left until the altar was opened.

"No, is it normal?"

The altar, which was built up to a height of tens of meters, was built so quickly that the kingdom did not even have time to use its hands.

History in one day.

Numerous kingdoms have tried to destroy them, but the return result is annihilation.

In the end, the agenda passed into the hands of the temple.

'But the temple is not transnational either. They will eventually move for the benefit of their country.'

The adjutant reported.

"According to the emergency intelligence, the Iron Kingdom made a last attempt to destroy the altar, but failed. We obtained information about the annihilation of an elite unit last night."

It was none other than the elite troops of the Seven Kings.

"Report to the kingdom. Current time 14:47. The altar is opening sooner than expected."

The same report would already be going up in many countries, and the final gathering place was none other than the temple.

"All right."

An ominous light began to spread as the bricks of the altar disintegrated as if they had lost their gravity.

"I-what is that?"

As the landscape changed, a terrifying world of internal organs, muscles, and bones was revealed.

"Arus! De Mehah!"

As the veil peeled away, those with eyelids closed as if melted and teeth jagged like nails protruded.

Arus, a resident of the other side world.

In the sense of solitude, it was a demon tribe that used its sense of smell to chew up everything around it.

"Aaaaaa! Run away!"

The light from the altar quickly engulfed the troops, and as Arus appeared close by, the soldiers lost their will to fight.

"damn! Full army retreat! It even draws in the 'guidelines'!"

The temple notified the world of its response, and the radius they measured was outside of two kilometers.

'too late. I'll take full control in 30 minutes.'

Demons were taking over the world.



* * *



Sadness filled Shirone's eyes as he looked down at the planet from the Temple of Earth.

"finally... ... ."

What happened because he couldn't stop it.

"It opened sooner than expected. Amita's decision made Nane impatient."

Just as humanity knew Nane's intentions, Nane also knew humanity's movements as if looking into the palm of their hand.

"Nane sympathizes with life, so I don't want to waste time. I was aiming for the perfect timing, with no room for counterattack."

"It's an acceleration of enlightenment."

"Yes. According to my calculations, if the Carr number goes over 10 million decimal places, even Shirone will have a hard time blocking it."

It's 1 percent in 10 million places, which is almost like nothing, but it was a huge gap in the ultimate realm.

"It takes about 48 hours to get there. Perhaps the temple was predicted based on this information, but I think I did not properly calculate the variable of the Order of the Crusade."

Amitabha's presence was felt in that it could advance the time promised by the Buddha by more than 20 hours.

"How long will it take?"

Thousands of red dots spread across the continent were growing rapidly at a rate that could be seen with the naked eye.

It gave me goosebumps when I imagined what people living on the ground would be going through at this speed just by looking at it from space right now.

"That red light is called the psychic realm, and it erases the veil between the underworld and the real world. It should be enough to cover the entire planet in a day or so."

"How can I stop it?"

Taeseong shook his head.

"It is not something that can be physically broken. That is a system, not a material."

"It's the Akashic Records."

"Yes. Only beings with the highest authority can handle the Akashic Records directly. To express it as a creature, it is a law that operates in the 10th sense, the state of ignorance."

Anke Ra was a being with a 10th sense, and that authority was now completely passed on to Nane.

"When the altar was built, Louver once attempted to enter La Enemy's dream. But Louver is also a product of the Akashic Records. It was erased as soon as I logged in."

because of the lack of authority.

"Therefore, in order to destroy the altar, Nane, who inherited the dream of Ankera, must do it himself... ... ."

Nane destroyed an altar in Iron Kingdom.

"We have no choice but to infiltrate and destroy concepts that are not in the Akashic Records."

"... ... That's what I have to do."

"Yes. Only Shirone is out of the whole. So, this is Shirone's first mission. Please seal the altar."

Shirone recalled 3,599 altars.

"I can't make it on time. By the time the seal is over, there will be no one left alive."

"They will buy you time."

When Shirone made a puzzled expression, Taeseong floated the scenery of a huge ice continent on the ceiling of the Temple of Earth.

"They are people that Shirone knows."



As the radius of the psychic sphere rapidly expanded, 680,000 deaths occurred worldwide in 10 minutes.

The problem was that the real world and the other side world were using the same space, just hidden behind a curtain.

In a situation where the walls of the royal castle, ancient weapons, and any concealment facilities are useless... ... .

"I approve the Zion project."

Representatives of the Samhwanggye, Chilwangseong, and Prince Lee who gathered at the temple in 18 minutes and 42 seconds after the altar opened signed the documents.

The document fell into the hands of Valkyrie's best information wizard and crossed the continent at the speed of light.

"Mr. Miro, your approval has dropped."

It was transferred to Armin, the Eternal Reflector, and passed into the hands of Miro, the representative of Zion.

"It's too late! After all, politicians!"

Their help was needed to run the Sanctuary of the Lawyers, which was supported by 48 countries around the world.

"Let's start. The more time you take, the greater the damage."

Miro nodded at Quan's words and opened his mouth as he looked directly at Nane across Antarctica.

"I will gather everyone's will. From now on, we will reduce the realm of the psychic realm as much as possible."

The icy earth blazed like flames as torches rose from the 700 totems lined up behind her in two rows.

long-awaited silence.

"... ... ."

Between the two rows of pillars stretching towards the continent, 37,000 religious leaders from all over the world were lined up tightly.



Looking up at Miro's face filling the ceiling of the Temple of the Earth, Shirone's heart was moved.

'I didn't give up.'

Veron disappeared, but there were still countless people who stood against Nane.

"Did Mr. Miro plan it?"

"Yes. When Ankera resets the world for her third time, she feels like only she foresaw."

The hexa created by Guffin to prevent the reset of the world, and the person who carried through the hexa was Miro.

"Of course, Istas' memory was erased along with Guffin, but the insight circuit is still there."

Anke Ra wanted to become a god, but he could never surpass the whole just by repeating the reset.

"So only beings who can shut themselves off are gods."

As a result, Miro's old heart was hit.

"The stronger the resistance, the more the world will suffer, but with this I bought time."

Taeseong looked back at the maze and said.

"He is the one who protected the world from Heaven's army for 20 years. In terms of defense, it is by far the best of mankind. It won't be easy for me this time either."

Shirone's two fists gained strength.

'I can still fight more.'

It was a fact that I could be sure of because it was Adrias Miro and no one else.



"Humans are not your exclusive property, it is me."

Miro raised her hands as the embodiment of Guanyin with a thousand hands filled the Antarctic sky.

"Ohhhhhhh."

Numerous monks seated behind her followed her gestures as if commanding the law, concentrating their consciousness.

Leaders of 984 denominations, including the Church of Yore, the Monastery of Karsis, and the monks of the Eastern Middle Heaven, called the ivory tower of the world of salvation, all gathered in one place.

'These are almost all lines that exist in the world.'

I won't be evil

"But that is also something we will define."

In order to activate the seesaw of the law, it was appropriate to refer to Nane as evil.



'It's decreasing.'

From space, Shirone watched as the realm of the psychic realm was rapidly shrinking.

'This is the Adrias Maze.'

He was the teacher who taught Shirone the meaning of life.



"Push a little more!"

Following Miro's instructions, the scribes moved in perfect order, strengthening their will.

At the same time, the torches exploded from 700 totems and ascended into a huge pillar of fire.

Even the cold of Antarctica was blown by the heat, but those who had already entered samadhi did not even feel it.

'The ignorant bastard.'

Miro's eyes became ferociously powerful.

'How can you do this with a human body... ... .'

It was inevitably confronted with Nane by the seesaw of the law, but it was a strong will that made me feel awe.

'Yes, you are the closest to God. Eat it all!'

The size of the torch was getting weaker little by little.

'Honestly, this is too much!'

The fear of the psychic realm lies in breaking down the barrier between the real world and the hidden world that uses the same space.

It was that the defenses built by humans would lose their meaning, so the main task of the Zion Project was to reduce the area of ??the psychic realm to at least 1 kilometer or less.

'The boundary must not collapse.'

If it was just a hole, even if demons invaded, human war could be waged in human territory.

"damn!"

Suddenly, curse words came out of Miro's mouth.

'Asmodians are not good.'

That's why it's called the demon, but he was also a hidden being created by humans.

"Miro, you must forgive me."

Armin hurriedly spoke as Miro's mind was shaken at the extreme of concentration.

"If you collapse, it's over."

Miro felt as though he could hear Armin's voice from far away.

'Even when the world destroyed the Adrias family, I was not shaken. But this... ... .'

Isn't that too absurd?

'Why do good people suffer?'

Armin shouted.

"Relax! Shirone has already forgiven everyone's sins. This is a one-of-a-kind opportunity!"

"Huhhhh!"

The sequence of the maze, which had reached a plateau of acceleration, began to run at a terrifying speed again.

'Shirone, how could you forgive me?'

Just as Nane's achievements were marvelous, Shirone's philanthropy was no less marvelous.

'I can't be pushed by my disciple!'

Finally, when the maze sequence reached the mysterious state of 10 to the 64th power, the flames of the totem pierced the sky.

"Never give up."

As if time had been turned back, the realm of the psychic realm was shrinking towards the point where it was first born.

Radius of the psychic realm, 17.4 km.

=======================================
[745] The Age of Turbulence (1)





"You foolish middle school student."

Anger raged in Nane's eyes as she looked up at the sky from deep in the forest.

"Do you really see hope in this world?"

The heart may be larger than the universe, but isn't it human beings who betray that heart as if turning the palm of their hand?

Is it natural for creatures to be selfish?

"That too is just an illusion caused by being trapped in the existence of me."

"Nane-sama, how about hitting the Antarctic?"

Shura opened her mouth.

"... ... Someday it will."

If the law could be removed right away, the psychic realm would not have shrunk so drastically.

A creature's formidable obsession with life.

'Veron, Shirone, Miro... ... .'

The Kar figure that exceeds 99% is sucking up the remaining truth in the world like a black hole.

But since it can never be perfect, I had to know what was missing about human beings.

"In the future, great chaos is coming to the world. The law will have no choice but to pass on to me anyway."

You will all know how cruel humans are and why this world has to be closed.



* * *



"little bit more!"

Miro's gaze was aimed straight at the laws of the world even as bloody tears flowed from her blood vessels.

The radius of the psychic realm is 4.4 kilometers.

'We have to shorten it even by 100 meters! No, even 10 meters!'

It is estimated that approximately 300 humans can survive per 1 meter radius.

oh oh oh oh

The monks of Jungcheon-dong backed up the law with the lowest pitch a human being could make.

Miro's eyes went up.

'no! That's it!'

If you continue to be greedy, the law of Zion will be destroyed, and even your efforts so far will be in vain.

"Put it through!"

The totem caught in the flames ascended into the sky forming 700 pillars of fire.

"I walked."

In the future, as long as Zion is not destroyed, the 700 pillars of fire that will never be extinguished will prevent the expansion of the psychic realm.

"You did it. we did it."

While the jurists looked up at the sky with an expression of disbelief even after seeing it with their own eyes, Miro's eyes were fierce.

"Annoying... ... ."

The final radius of the psychic realm is 1.43 kilometers.

A radius of 430 meters wider than the original target means that there are approximately 100,000 more deaths.

"It's great that you've come this far against me. You can be proud of it."

Armin comforted her.

'No, honestly, I didn't expect to make it this far.'

It was not an achievement achieved only by the depth of the realm.

It was the result of the skillful skill of blocking all the armies of Heaven with the dimensional barrier.

"it's okay. Nothing has been accomplished yet."

Miro proclaimed to the world.

"The fight starts now."

Project Zion.

It was the name of mankind's last legal line of deterrence against Nane's exploits.



* * *



As the psychic realm shrunk, the armies of each country, which were instructed by the Holy War, pushed the demons from the guidelines.

"Shoot! Shoot!"

It was impossible to seal the altar, but at least I had to buy time to set up a barricade outside the psychic realm.

A situation that takes 36 hours even if you use the ultra-fast barrier construction formula developed by the world's best architects.

The way the temple chose to tie the demons to the passage of the other world, even for a moment, was extremely simple.

"No need to save! I'm going to throw it all away!"

The spectacle of thousands of archers simultaneously firing magic bullets in all 360-degree directions around the psychic realm was spectacular.

All materials were provided by the temple, and approximately 9 million tons of magic bullets were to be supplied to each country in 36 hours.

'What kind of money is this!'

When converted into money, it amounted to 1.3 trillion gold, and the soldiers simply bounced their bows day and night toward the point where the bombing was being done.

The commander raised his telescope and looked towards the altar.

'It's a possible strategy because it's a holy war. And sure.'

There must have been discussions among the demons in the underworld, but they didn't dare to come out right now.

The commander slowly lowered the telescope.

'But there is bound to be a limit to the quantity.'

Where the sunset was setting, the hideous steel frames were going up at a terrifying speed.



'Everyone is fighting.'

Shirone looked back at everything happening on the planet from the perspective of Taeseong.

Taesung's expression was also spleen.

"Miro finally made it."

"Yes, sorry. If only I could push a little harder... ... ."

"Rather, Zion would have been destroyed."

Shirone knew it too.

Even so, the reason why lingering lingering was the number of people with a good will that were far less than the population.

'I have to do it.'

Shirone turned to Taeseong and said.

"I can't just watch it like this. I want to go down to the ground I will seal the altar."

"Sure. But the time Shirone has to step in is after the barricades are completed."

In my heart, I wanted to leave right away.

"Shirone, being a star is a position that should not promote the interests of a specific country or a specific person. If Syrone seals the altar of a certain country in advance, human quarrels intensify."

Shirone kept her mouth shut.

"Shirone has to do transnational activities outside of human life. You shouldn't kill someone out of the desire to save someone's life. Causing trouble only serves Nane's purposes."

The reason why billions are falling is because there are people who miss you so much.

"... ... All right."

family, friends, lovers.

Taeseong looked with pity on Shirone, who had left her personal bondage and was carrying a huge burden.

"Take this."

As Taeseong raised both hands, a pentagram pendant, symbolizing a star, appeared and floated to Shirone.

"This?"

"The key to planet Hexa. It's only symbolic to Shirone, but you shouldn't get lost."

Using the material, he was able to dismantle the Hexa Key in atomic units and obtain a blueprint.

"thank you. I will cherish it. Of course, I don't think I'll be able to find Hexa right now."

Taeseong understood Shirone's feelings.

No matter how much you enter the state of infinity, you cannot be without a mind as long as you return to this world.

No, because only my heart was left, I would miss the person I love even more.

"Stop going down. Louvers and minis await. I will show you the house to live in."

Shirone said, floating the light of Yahweh on her palm.

"Yes. I'll see you when we leave."

Taeseong does not forbid the stars to enter.

It was only because there was no way to meet her, but Shirone could come to her at any time.

'Going down.'

Just as they arrived at the Earth Temple, the law opened the way and Shirone's body disappeared in an instant.

A smile spread across Taeseong's lips as Louver would be preparing a present for Shirone.

"This is the only thing I can do for you who sacrificed for humanity... ... ."

It was a sad smile.

"Please have a pleasant dream... ... ."



Under the Temple of Earth, at the top of the physically tallest Ivory Tower, Louver and Mini were waiting.

"Are you finished talking?"

"He was a good man."

Taeseong was cozy like a mother.

"It is. I will guide you where to stay."

When I reached the 400th floor by elevator, I saw a small village with rice fields, mountains and streams outside the door.

"A star does not live in a particularly independent space. It's just going into the house that's left."

"Yes. I love it."

Originally, civilization was built in nature, but the ivory tower contained nature in civilization.

'How big is the building?'

It was a pity that I couldn't see the Ivory Tower from the outside because I came inside through the magic circle.

Shirone's house was a two-story wooden building with a red roof and had an antique atmosphere.

Minnie asked.

"Are you leaving as soon as the barricade is completed?"

Since only Syrone can seal the altar, she thought of applying to the other side.

"Then I will go to the southern hemisphere and investigate the traces of Veron. Maybe you can get some hints."

Louver nodded.

"I will instruct the other stars in our department to help with the demon suppression operation."

It was a simple thing to convey through a dream.

"The inhabitants of the Underworld are strong. A lot of people will die or suffer in the future."

"If there is someone you want to protect, protect it."

At Mini's words, Shirone turned her head.

"I know what Taeseong said. That is the fate of the stars. But you've already saved everyone. At least you deserve to save at least someone you love."

Shirone shook her head.

"The moment I cling to it, the kar will go up and I will lose the light of Yahweh. The law is out of balance."

"You can't stand it. I have enough strength to protect it, so would it be okay if the person I loved died?"

"It won't be okay."

I used to say this



-You are the one who suffers the most.



A terrible contradiction that humanity was protected through philanthropy, but no one who loved it could be protected.

'I shouldn't be human. I have to keep myself in check only as a concept.'

It was Hexa's reason for existence.

"For now, let's focus on the altar. Once the barricades are set up, we will start with the nearest one."

Tormia is far from the Ivory Tower, so it was not a human decision, and tears of blood flowed from my heart.

Louver said.

"I agree. It is a situation where only a decision to save humanity is possible."

Mini turned her head at the unexpected cold words, but Louver smiled benevolently.

"But... ... Everyone can have a dream."

Shirone blinked at the incomprehensible words.



* * *



Tormia Kingdom.

At Amy's home in Creas City, 200 armed men were impregnably encamped.

Amy's father, Shakora, who had been to the Creas branch of the Magic Association, entered the mansion with cold eyes.

"honey! How did it go?"

As the psychic realm expanded to the aristocratic district, the bodies of dead demons were strewn along the roadside.

"There has been great damage in the mountainous regions. 7,000 deaths nationwide. Still, it seems to have stopped it once."

"What will happen to Tormia in the future?"

In the face of the worst catastrophe in human history, even the hostess of a first-class aristocrat was just a human being.

"The firepower demonstration only temporarily tied the feet of the demons, and even the barricades couldn't last long."

If Amy hadn't been at home, Isis, who would have already become food for the demons, trembled.

"I heard Shirone went into the ivory tower."

Amy, who was bowing her head from battle fatigue, looked back at Isis for the first time.

"I'm not sure. Still, it seems that he played a key role in preventing this incident."

That was all the information Shakora had received.

"I heard that the place where Shirone is is safe from demons... ... ."

The Ivory Tower and Zion were the only places left untouched by the terrible disaster.

"If only my family could go there... ... ."

"mom!"

Amy jumped up.

"What are you talking about! How could you think that we should live alone!"

"Amy, what are you doing to your mother?"

Shakora's nerves were on edge when she returned home after seeing the gruesome corpses.

"You will be a soldier, but not everyone is a soldier. It is natural to be afraid of a mother who cannot fight."

"But that's nonsense."

Isis vomited out words in frustration.

"Why don't you make sense? Even if it's okay to go to the ivory tower, shouldn't a message come at least when the kingdom has reached this point? I'm not even close to you... ... ."

Amy couldn't resist.

"that's... ... ."

Among all mankind, there is Shirone and Nane.

It is difficult for a man who is just a thinking reed to understand the two people who have gone through conflict.

But now that the world is on the brink of destruction, it was they who came up with the most truthful answer.

"Sorry. I'm tired, so I'll go in first and sleep."

"Amy... ... ."

Realizing that it was her daughter who felt most betrayed, Isis tried to speak out, but Amy went into the room.

"I must have made a mistake."

"Leave it alone. don't get hurt by this After a good night's sleep, your mind will be clear."

That night, Louver appeared in Amy's dream.

=======================================
[746] The Age of Turbulence (2)





* * *



"Sometimes he told me to meet another guy!"

Amy, who came into the room to avoid Isis's nagging, sat down on the bed with a sigh.

"I know someone stays still because they like something!"

The anger quickly subsided.

Isis had a point, and her fear was a normal human reaction.

'What will happen to this world?'

The psychic realm that has arisen in each region of the world will shake the world situation more than the problem of demons appearing.

'Many deaths, civil war, war with other countries... ... .'

Being a soldier will be the toughest job.

Perhaps it was the only opportunity to change her dream for Amy, who was preparing for the official exam.

'Shirone.'

Even when I graduated, I thought we could live a happy life dreaming of a future together.

'What am I to you?'

Exhausted from the fight with the demons, Amy fell asleep without knowing how she had landed on the bed.

Tears streamed down between my eyelids.



"It's been a while, Miss Amy."

"uh?"

When I heard the voice and turned around, I felt that I was a familiar person somewhere.

An elderly man with a mustache and a benevolent smile.

Only he had vivid colors as if he were alive, and reason flooded into the realm of deep 6th level REM.

"Where is this?"

Realizing that it was a dream, the landscape became clearer, revealing a green field with all sorts of rare flowers.

"what? uh?"

I have had the experience of being crushed by scissors while dreaming sometimes, but this was the first time I had ever fully awakened.

Finally realizing, Amy looked back at the old man.

"no way?"

"Yes, my name is Mongin Louver, the dream keeper."

I knew that only those who obtained a lucid dream license through special training could find a louver.

"Did you come directly to me?"

"Yes. Originally, it is forbidden by the Terra Force Cosmic Law for a dream keeper to forcibly awaken an individual's dream, but the situation was such that I came forward myself."

It was already notified to the Supreme Court of Terraforce, and given that Shirone is the representative of humanity, it was approved.

"Why are you looking for me?"

"There is someone who wants to meet Miss Amy. If you don't mind, may I connect you to his dream... ... ."

Amy was a little nervous in that Mong-in was a person who used honorifics.

"Who are you?"

"I cannot tell you that. But I assure you, I don't think you'll ever get slapped by Miss Amy."

Amy, who pursed her lips and was lost in thought, happily made her decision.

"like. It's a dream anyway, so what?"

"Then, have a good time."

Louver's body gradually turned transparent and then completely disappeared.

"what?"

Amy was looking around when she suddenly heard a familiar voice behind her.

"Amy."

She shrugged and slowly turned around with a shocked face, and Shirone stood there with a smile on her face.

"you you... ... ?"

"Sorry for coming to you like this. But... ... ."

Even though I knew it was a dream, as soon as I saw her face, the resentment that had been bothering me so far exploded.

"You bastard!"

Amy shouted as she grabbed Shirone by the collar.

"How could I not even contact you? Should I listen through my dad?"

Shirone just had an apologetic expression.

"Do you know how embarrassed I was? Mama tells me to meet another guy, people say I've been dumped! But how... ... To me... ... ."

Shirone hugged Amy tightly.

"I miss you."

Amy knew.

There are feelings that are so huge and desperate that no exaggerated language can describe them.

'Know. I know that.'

The mind is bigger than the universe.

"Sigh. Anyway, since you came, I will forgive you."

Tears welled up in Shirone's eyes as well, as she held Amy's shoulder and dropped herself.

"But! Before that, I must check something!"

What the hell does this guy think of me?

"You said you came through a dream, right? It's not like you came to see me because of your personality. What number am I?"

"Definitely the first."

Shirone responded hurriedly, looked at her as if she couldn't overcome her guilt, and then spoke cautiously.

"The fact is... ... It is the way to meet my parents first."

Amy smiled broadly.

"Then it's the first one. Let's go, you'll have to tell us everything about what happened."

Cirone, holding Amy's hand, nodded and ran across the meadow.

I saw a small house where there were butterflies flying like fragments of light over the flower field.

It was all painted pink, and Amy, who was caught unconscious, covered her mouth and cleared her throat.

"Hmmmm."

It was the reason why the dream connection was banned in Terraforce.

However, since the opponent was Shirone, rather than embarrassed, he felt thrilled.

"... ... Let's go in."

Amy spoke shyly, and Shirone followed her with an inexplicable smile.

"Amy, I have something to tell you."

"Know. In a hurry... ... ."

Since it was a situation where there was not much time, Shirone told me the things I must know first.

As the story progressed, the candles made various changes, and when she finally learned the whole story, her room was dark.

"so I... ... ."

"I see what you mean."

Amy interrupted Shirone.

"Why didn't you contact me, what should you do in the future?"

The candle was lit again.

"But it's okay. It's unavoidable. It's good that I have a clear goal. Let's work together to finish me off."

"no. It's not on that level."

Since this would be the last chance to deal with someone with a human mind, Shirone struggled to open her mouth.

"Amy, I can't be with you anymore."

"what?"

Amy's house is completely dark.

"I am so happy to be with you like this. I am so unbearably happy that I am going crazy."

"But what's wrong? Why are you doing this all of a sudden?"

"This is it. That I'm so happy. In the end, I'm going to obsess over you. And when that happens... ... ."

Shirone bit his lip.

"I will definitely use it. The more I love you, the more dangerous you become."

"Am I a Buddha? What kind of Buddha would do such a cowardly thing?"

"That's human emotion too."

Shirone looked back at Amy's face beyond the darkness.

"To me, everything in this world is futile. It doesn't matter what you do to close the world."

Because it doesn't exist from the beginning.

"You have already transcended the concept of good and evil. The realm of a god who has reached the end of all good and all evil."

It would be a lie if I said I wasn't afraid.

"And I can't protect someone and fight someone like that. So Amy, stop... ... ."

"okay. Let's stop."

At the sudden cold voice, Shirone's heart sank as he couldn't bear to speak.

"Haha, I knew that. What kind of love is this in this situation? You don't have to worry about me in the future. You just have to fight me in your place, whatever you want. Are you done now?"

He exhaled without hesitation, but could not hide the sound of the wind blowing outside.

"Because I will go."

Like the sound of the wind, Amy sobbed.

"Because it will become so strong that you don't have to protect it. So, I will definitely go to you... ... ."

Something hot and wet spread from Shirone's chest, holding Amy in her arms.

"Don't worry, just wait. I'll go. Wherever you are and whoever you are fighting, I will be by your side."

Growing stronger and stronger, I will punch Nane in the face.

"Amy... ... ."

Shirone couldn't hold back the tears either, and the two stroked each other's faces in the dark.

If only I could hug her even now.

'Because it's a dream. It's a dream between the two of us.'

Their lips, which had almost stuck together, lost their way and wandered, and only the emotions between the two were terribly stirred.

"I'll go. You have to be careful."

"no. can't go Shirone... ... wait for a sec... ... ."

I thought I was ready, but when it came to reality, I couldn't accept it.

"Sorry. I'm sorry, Amy."

Wouldn't it be better to love madly until the end of the world and then end it all together?

The moment a very humane thought passed through her head, Shirone closed her eyes tightly, kicked off the bed, and left the house.

"Shirone! wait, wait... ... !"

Amy's dream ended there.



* * *



"Aaaaaaa!"

In front of Shirone, who was crouching and crying in her dream, Louver approached with a sad expression.

"Don't be angry."

"Why, why me! why me... ... Why!"

"Forgive me."

With the two words spoken firmly, Shirone's breathing quickly died down.

"Sigh. Sigh."

'Are you accepting it again? It's a formidable spirit.'

Neither Shirone nor Nane were born as gods.

The base was human to the end, but even so, it was a spirit of this level, so it was to cross the realm of a god.

"This is just the beginning. The Great Purifier has just opened. If you are not bold, you will kill yourself."

There was no guarantee that that would not happen.

"sorry. It's something Mr. Louver did especially for me."

"I am truly sorry. I knew the truth. But in reality, if Shirone-sama becomes a human, the world will close."

That's why it was confirmed as a dream.

"Do you want to go back?"

"Nope. This is your last chance when you don't have a stronger obsession. I want to let as many people know as possible."

Oh Dae-seong's mission had already begun.

"Take me to your friends."

Louver muttered in a subdued voice.

"Have a nice dream... ... ."



* * *



"Ugh. Ugh."

Hearing Nade's voice at dawn, Liz, who was sleeping next to her, shook her body.

"Nade? Is it a nightmare?"

They were the ones who fought the demons all day long to get out of the psychic realm.

"Is it because you're tired?"



"Is this really a dream?"

Louver delivered everything, but Nade, who had not experienced Drimo, was dubious.

"Puhaha! What do you know! Whoa, Shirone!"

Nade ran to it with a happy heart, but as soon as he saw Shirone's face, his expression hardened.

"... ... What's wrong, Shirone?"

why are you crying

"Nade."

"what's the matter? Did something bad happen?"

It was the first time Shirone cried so sadly.

"Who bullied you! tell me what kind of guy you are! I'll go and smash it right now!"

"Nade, I... ... ."

It was a long dream.



"Huh!"

Nade, who woke up from his slumber, raised his upper body and let out a rough breath.

"It's fine?"

When he heard Liz's voice and looked around, the scenery of the inn room, which was evacuated from the demons, felt unfamiliar.

"Did the demons dream? No matter how much I woke up, I didn't wake up... ... ."

"It is not a dream."

Shirone said it was me.

"Get ready, Liz. Let's go back to Tormia right now. I have to meet Iruki. They are probably waiting for me."

"Tormia?"

As the psychic realm overtakes the capital, Nade takes Liz straight across the border.

Ned had nothing to do with patriotism anyway, but it was something Liz, a full-time member of the Magic Association, should never have done.

"Don't you know what the capital is like right now? You will be arrested as soon as you go. What else is Iruki waiting for?"

"Shirone is having a hard time."

"... ... ."

The reason Liz cannot refute is that they are two people who have gained a new life because of Shirone.

"Some madman is messing with my friend."

It was none of Nade's concern about the heights Shirone had mentioned.

"So you really want to go? now?"

"I can give up my country as much as I want to protect the people I love, but... ... ."

Nade put on his jacket and said.

"If you bully my friend, even the Buddha will not forgive you."

That was Nade.

"Sigh. So, what are men? You can't live without dying."

Carrying his backpack over his shoulder, Nade looked back at Liz and raised an eyebrow.

"let's go. A Buddha or a dog bone... ... ."

If man is the problem, he will rule man.

"I'll show you what happens if you mess with Shirone's gang."

=======================================
[747] The Age of Turbulence (3)





* * *



Tormia Kingdom.

A month has passed since the Great Cleanup began.

Martial law had already been declared throughout the country, and even nobles could not enter the aristocratic district of Creas without a pass.

The demons that appeared when the psychic realm expanded were almost destroyed.

However, a few remnants, such as hungry ghosts, were still hiding in secluded places and targeting women.

"You guys are getting really sick of it."

Magicians from the Creas branch of the Magic Association and royal castle correspondents were patrolling the street corner.

"Because what they eat is not the body. The act of eating is eating. If there is something to eat in front of my eyes, I will put it in my mouth and try it even if my stomach bursts."

The body of an aristocratic woman found three days ago was horribly mutilated.

"In any system, the stronger ones absorb the weaker ones. In other words, the act of eating is evidence of superiority."

Humans eat almost anything.

"Massive stars absorb light stars. But the problem is that the biological system is based on pleasure. That's probably why demons mutilate corpses."

Countries around the world had already figured out the size and fighting power of the demons and the people of interest.

The cold-blooded analysis of the investigator was part of it, but the accompanying wizard did not like it.

"There is nothing different about being human."

The investigator smiled.

"It is surprisingly sentimental. I heard wizards are cold."

"well. Now that the world has gotten to this point, I feel that just keeping my cool is not the best thing."

Everything humankind had built was collapsing.

The insight that maybe the answer might be in the heart suddenly passed through my mind.

"Of course, we know that demons are the other side of humans. It is said that it is a law created by a strong desire. But demons are demons after all. Most humans don't rape women passing by or take possessions."

the investigator added softly.

"... ... I don't know what you're thinking on the inside."

Why do demons exist?

As I turned the corner of the alley with such thoughts in mind, the wizard stopped walking and raised his arm.

"stop."

The wizards who followed immediately entered the spirit zone, and the investigator narrowed his eyes and slowly fell back.

"Who are you? Identify yourself."

The person walking in the dark had no answer, but the sound of heavy footsteps felt intimidating.

"Shining."

As the wizards in the back cast magic at the same time, the son-in-law brightened and a swordsman covered in blood appeared.

"Uh-oh... ... ."

Judging by the amount of clotted blood, it seemed that he hadn't washed it for a week, but his eyes were terrifying as if he had just been born.

Lian, who had arrived at Creas after crossing the Akkad Desert, distorted his impression.

Hardened crusts fell off the back of the head.

"What are you guys?"

The metropolitan area or national key points were well prepared for altars, but numerous demons came out and ran the game at the altars installed in the desert, which were wider than large kingdoms.

Because he was on his way back to his hometown after sweeping them all away, Lian's mind was sharp enough to be cut just by touching it.

"Are you a demon?"

The investigator's remarks were so heinous that they couldn't be said as a joke, so the wizard spoke hostilely.

"I am a wizard of the Creas branch of the Magic Association. I'm patrolling the grounds. He cannot come in without a pass."

"Patrol within the territory?"

Lian raised her head and looked up at the stars in the night sky.

"You are suffering. I am Ogentrian. I'm on my way home, so would you like me to get out of the way?"

"Oh, August Lian?"

The Ogent family is famous in Creas.

However, the reason the wizard was surprised was because of the name Lian, not the prestige of the family.

"Knight of Maha. Are you really Shirone's sword?"

Few people know Shirone's face, but the world knows the names of Shirone, a 5-star resident of the Ivory Tower, and his sword, Lian.

As Lian, who was tired and did not want to respond, moved slowly, the wizards raised their magical weapons.

"stop! You cannot pass by without identifying yourself."

"If I were Lian, there would be no such thing. Your family will vouch for you if you follow me to my parents' house."

It seems reasonable at first glance, but most of the ganja came out this way, so they issued a pass.

"Then wait here. We'll go to Ogent's home and check. As with the demons, the situation is not good."

Lian entered without hesitation into the spirit zone where five wizards were spreading at the same time.

"I cut thousands of demons while crossing the desert."

The tribes of the desert swept away by the demons all perished, and their end was to the point that I did not dare to speak of them.

"But after cutting, cutting, and cutting again, I mean. Rather, they hated humans, not demons."

The wizard's heart beat faster as Lian approached.

"I don't want to waste time."

'I can't win.'

The moment you try to do something, your neck will drop.

"So please, as soon as possible."

The wizards' tension disappeared like a lie.

The young man who just casually looked up at the sky with a large sword on his back might not have shown any intention to kill himself from the beginning.

'I was mistaken myself. He didn't even think of fighting us... ... .'

It was so strong that he was terrified.

"Back off."

At the direction of the magician, the subordinates left the road open, and the inspector leaned against the wall with a groan.

"Thank you for fighting for humans."

The mage bowed respectfully, and Lian nodded as well and pushed her way between them.

'Will the house be safe?'

The blood had been erased, but the fingernail marks of the hungry demons mercilessly scratched every wall, weighing on my heart.



"Lian! You're all right!"

When I arrived at the main house guided by sub-butler Temuran, Reina ran out barefoot.

The smell of blood was strong from Lian's body, but even that was someone else's blood, so Reina was relieved.

"I thought something had happened and I was worried! to be careless How come you don't have a letter?"

It was Lian who was puzzled.

"Why is your sister at home?"

Even if it wasn't just a battle, the things she had to do as a court musician in the royal palace were overwhelming.

"I brought them."

Ogent Klumph came down the stairs.

"grandfather."

"What happened? I heard that Shirone passed the Ivory Tower Test, but... ... ."

Reina stopped talking.

"Rinse off first. I'll prepare dinner soon. Butler, please hurry up with the remaining ingredients."

"All right."

Butler Louis bowed his head with a bandage on his right arm, which had been severed below the elbow.

It was a wound inflicted by a demon.

Lian asked Klump without showing any emotion.

"What about your older brother?"

Ogent Guy, the eldest son of the family.

He passed the official exam early and took up an important position in the kingdom of Tormia, but his older brother became a spy due to his strong patriotism.

"I do not know. No contact for 3 years. They are still active in other countries, or they must have died."

Guy was a painful name in the Ogent family.

"yes... ... ."

Klump, who was staring at Lian as he headed for the bathroom, asked.

"Are you thinking of wandering the world again? this hell?"

"It should be."

The grandson was proud, but on the other hand, he also wanted Lian to remain in Tormia and protect his sister.

"It's a big deal to break up with Shirone. Wasn't it between the two of us dying together?"

"... ... That's why he left."

Although he didn't know what state was, he knew that he couldn't compensate for Shirone's pain.

"It gets harder when I'm by your side. I will find a way to help Shirone in my own way."

Klump realized he couldn't hold on to Lian.

"Follow me to the training ground."

Lian and Raina looked back curiously, but Clump strode out of the mansion with a broad back.



Lian's personal training ground.

Lian and Klump stood facing each other 10 meters apart as Reina watched with an uneasy expression.

'It's been a while.'

A place where I ran 100 laps every day after being beaten to death by the sword master Kite.

It was also the place where he lost in a real battle with Shirone, who became his reason for living.

'Why did Grandpa choose this place... ... .'

It must have meant a final look back to the grandson who was throwing himself into the irreversible future.

"Are you ready?"

Clump said with speculation.

"Yes."

Although Lian competed against numerous swordsmen through knight training, it was the first time he faced a certified third-class swordsman.

In terms of the military, it was a general level corresponding to a division commander, and above that there were only two corps commanders and one captain.

"Are the men in this family dueling on a fictitious day?"

Now is the time to adapt, but this time Reina couldn't keep her legs still.

'Grandpa is sincere.'

It felt like I could see the haze of speculation emanating from Klump even in the dark, where I could barely see through the torchlight.

"You must have crossed many dead lines. For the sake of my grandson's face, I'll do my best to kill him."

Lian's expression still did not change, and he posed slowly enough to make the viewer sleepy.

"... ... ."

Klump, who was staring at Lian with his eyes wide open like a tiger, suddenly lowered his sword and held out his hand.

"Give it to me."

"Give me what?"

"<Idea>. It's mine, so I'll fight with it."

Lian narrowed her stride and said with an absurd face.

"Why is this your grandfather's sword? It is mine because it was given to me."

"But aren't the two of us fighting now? Then of course I should use it, why do you use it?"

"Ah, really, just grab something and do it! Do you want someone like a general to steal your grandson's weapon?"

"Ah, I don't know! i don't do it! If you don't give it to me, I will never do it!"

Reina, as well as Lewis and Temuran, who were watching from the side, opened their mouths blankly.

"Don't, then! You're calling a tired person and making ridiculous arguments!"

As Lian walked towards the entrance of the mansion after retracting the sword, Clump's eyes turned friendly.

"You're getting stronger, Lian. You've gotten really strong."

Not obsessing over winning even with a general in front of him means that he has already escaped the yoke of victory and defeat.

"He who realizes what he has does not snoop on what others have."

"I don't know the hard words. Anyway, everyone is fine. I will eat and leave right away."

Rayna was taken aback.

"Tonight? Aren't you sleeping?"

"I'll sleep in the carriage. Leaving right now doesn't mean the world will change... ... ."

It was the secret of time that Shirone taught me.

"The enemies are also on the move. If it's a race that runs the same time, even one minute is big."

When Lian sleeps, the enemies sleep, and when Lian fights, the enemies fight.

If so, whoever saves a minute wins.

'Shirone.'

According to the rumors I heard on my way back to Tormia, it is said that even now it is constantly wandering around the world and eliminating the psychic realm.

'Perhaps it's to save one completely unrelated person.'

I couldn't stay by her side, but this was the only way to relieve Shirone's burden.

'Oh, it really doesn't change.'

I couldn't even imagine how heavy the burden was on Lian's shoulders as she returned to the mansion.

'It was my meal a few years ago.'

He is the youngest brother who can't find any talent and has a dull personality and is selfish.

'But I had one.'

Even if a human being named Buddha annihilated the world, Lian would not give up until the very end.

'Go, my sister.'

Reina held out her palm while looking at her younger sister's back as they walked away.

=======================================
[748] The Age of Turbulence (4)





* * *



Gustav Empire.

The Gustav Empire, which divides the world into thirds along with the Kashan and Jincheon empires, was saddened by the emperor's death.

Black flags flew everywhere in the streets, and no one bared their teeth.

If his smile were to be caught on the competition table, he and his family would be decapitated that day.

Squeezing out crying was a natural skill of the people of the empire, and many people had nightmares about the music heard from door to door.

So Havitz, 16, quietly passed away on a cold starry night at the age of 122.

Officially.



While the whole country is seething with the heat of sadness, there is only one place where the sound of laughter and the joy of pleasure never cease.

It was Arkaba, the easternmost part of the empire, ruled by Havitz XVII, the late son of Havitz XVI.

The official's expression hardened as he passed through the Grand Hall of the royal castle, Arkaba, and headed for the annex of Havitz XVII.

'A fact that should never be known. The emperor... ... .'

He died of pleasure.

Havitz's 16-year-old corpse was in a state of glaring eyes, with filth vomited from all the orifices.

The 17 women who were in bed together and the maid who posted the first report were decapitated on the spot.

'The only remaining bloodline in Gustav, Havitz 17 years old.'

Havitz XVI gave birth to 782 children in 122 years, but all of them were not of this world now.

This is because of the unique inheritance method passed down to the Gustav Imperial Family, and members of the royal family who are over 20 years old receive a kinship killing license.

Any member of the imperial family over the age of 20 can be killed, and if unavoidable, a successor is determined through a special test.

Harvitz 17 also became the final successor by brutally punishing 17 members of the royal family four years ago.

'In other words... ... .'

He killed 781 brothers.

After the death of the emperor, he had to immediately run to the capital and attend the succession ceremony, but still staying here... ... .

'Without any basis, but absolute confidence.'

Anyone who knows the 17-year-old Havitz's path says this with one voice.

Unanalyzable, unknown existence.

That's why even the nobles of the empire do not dare to launch a coup d'etat.

Upon reaching the huge gate made of gold, the messenger of the capital swallowed dry saliva and took a deep breath.

"... ... ."

Moans of pleasure and joy could be heard through the door.

"Your Highness, Darmov, the Minister of Internal Affairs of the capital, wants an audience."

Instead of answering, I heard the screams of men and women, and as if that was a signal, the guards opened the door.

'This is beyond imagination.'

The smell of corruption stung my nose first, and 200 men and women were doing beastly acts in a huge space.

The pretty boy and the pretty girl were both beautiful and young, but when they looked at them in bulk, it was as if they were seeing a monster with bizarre things.

"What are you?"

An undressed middle-aged man was sitting on a golden chair, smoking a pipe.

'The author is... ... .'

The King of Desire, Gustav Havitz, 17 years old.

The face was ugly long, the nose was small, but the eyes were beautiful like a woman's, and they were in perfect harmony.

'It's exactly what I heard.'

In this place filled with the air of pleasure, only he was watching the actions of others without doing anything.

Rumor has it that he smokes an asker.

It was a powerful drug that was banned even in the empire because even if it was forcibly blocked for one day, he would commit suicide.

'But Harvits 17 enjoys askers.'

Smoke 3 grams exactly every 24 hours.

'The strongest temperance achieves the greatest desire.'

It was a famous saying that spoke of Harvitz's disposition, and it was the reason he survived among more than 700 siblings.

"The empire mourns the death of the emperor. You have to hold the succession ceremony as soon as possible."

"it's bothering. There are no women and no men to strip off, no things to have, no ambitions there. When I want to become emperor, I will visit you, so give it to anyone for the time being."

Harvits burst out laughing and pointed at Darmov.

"What would you rather do? It wouldn't be bad to massage the beauty of the empire before dying."

'What kind of confidence do you mean?'

Feeling terrified, Darmov hurriedly said.

"I don't know how to respond to Your Highness's jokes because the small man is stupid."

"Puhahahaha!"

Asker's smoke billowed out of Havitz's throat as he turned his head and smiled.

Laughter suddenly cuts off.

"As much as we fear pain, we fear pleasure."

Havitz asked for the smoking pipe again.

"Does your heart race just by imagining great pleasure? Are you afraid that you will lose control, that you will lose yourself?"

I couldn't breathe as if my airway was blocked.

'Please, please finish quickly.'

For the first time in his life, Darmov regretted being Minister of the Interior of the Empire.

"My father did."

Havitz XVI had seen all the sweetness in the world, but there was one thing he couldn't have.

"Did you say Adrias Miro?"

The successor of Guffin, the best defender of mankind who blocked Heaven's army with a dimensional barrier.

From the moment he lost sight of her, Havitz, 16, strangled himself with pleasure like a man with an insatiable thirst.

"It's about losing control. He has no interest in the emperor, but in that respect he is a pathetic human being."

Since he was a Darmov who assisted the emperor all his life, he had no choice but to open his mouth this time.

"Your Highness, it is not for someone who will receive the title of emperor to make comments that disparage the former emperor... ... ."

"No problem."

Havitz, 17, rose from his chair.

"If this world were to be given a few problems by an author named God and then be rewarded for solving them... ... ."

Suddenly, the sword next to the chair was pulled out.

"Everything would have been simple. There is no one to be unfair, and I will not worry about whether I will live like this or that. But I mean,"

Habitz, who came down the stairs, rolled the man and woman lying in front of him with his foot.

"The problem is not even there in the first place. What is this world like... ... like a square. We just get together here and do something."

There is no right answer because there is no problem.

"Whatever you do in there... ... ."

Darmov shrugged as the sword pierced the torso of the two as they rolled across the floor and crashed into the ground.

"It means nothing happens."

The stabbed moaned, but those addicted to askers didn't even care.

Havitz continued to draw his sword, watched the bloody blade for a moment, then shrugged.

"Okay, I killed someone. What's your opinion? Do you think I did something bad?"

The blade of the sword touched the nape of Darmov's neck.

"My, all the subjects of the empire belong to Your Highness... ... ."

"no no! Not like that! I mean, there's nothing in the world that shouldn't be done! It's not like there's anything you absolutely have to do. just... ... !"

Havitz, who was shaking his head looking for something to say, turned to Darmov and shouted.

"It's nothing!"

A bloody sword pointed at the corpse.

"Dead! it would be painful So what? what's happening to me You're just dead! I just killed him!"

"Huh. Whoops."

Urine trickled down Darmov's trousers.

"That's why it's interesting, the world now."

If human emotions become reality and attack us, what form will Havitz's emotions take?

"I am not interested in the emperor. If you're here to tell a boring story, I'll make it fun."

"castle... ... The temple is open."

Darmov squeezed his voice desperately.

"This is the 420th meeting. Because there is no owner of the empire... ... Your Highness must enter the temple... ... Whoops!"

Suddenly the knife was withdrawn.

"Hmm, it's a temple."

Havitz's eyelids, which had been closed and thoughtful, trembled, revealing the whites.

"Yes, it's a much more fun place than the Empire."

Woorin.

"Ah, I'm really going crazy. This is really unbearable... ... ."

After confirming that blood was flowing to Havitz's center, Darmov slowly backed away.

"Yeah, that's it. One finger at a time... ... pop... ... ."

I didn't even want to think about what I was imagining.

"But that is just interlude entertainment. True desire is not like that. Do you know what I really want to commit, Home Secretary?"

"Me, for me... ... ."

"World. everything that exists."

Grabbing the sword and extending both arms, Havitz's center of gravity became completely vertical and stood up above his belly button.

'I'm not human. Even if he is a human being, we must not put him in the category of a human being.'

The new emperor, Gustav Havitz, 17 years old.

"The whole world will be violated."

A fly I don't know where it came from was flying across the ceiling.



* * *



Southern Akkadian Desert.

3,000 demons who escaped from the psychic realm gathered here, the epicenter of Northcarta, the equatorial wind called the god of the desert.

"Commander, there is no place to occupy anymore."

A demonic warrior wearing armor weighing over 1 ton was standing in the direction of the muddy and gloomy voice.

Member of the 4th Corps, 2nd Division Commander, Surga Gasias.

"... ... ."

demon.

Although it is used in a bad sense for humans, it was originally a general term for a phenomenon in which a strong collective consciousness was projected.

Humans' power is distributed among many countries, while the demons' entire army is united under the name of Satan.

It is called the 72nd Corps directly under Satan.

The extreme fear that occurs when a human dies turns into a demon and flows into the underworld.

The frequency of occurrence of demons is almost equal to the number of deaths left in human history, a figure that clearly shows what kind of life most humans have lived.

And the commander of the 72nd corps uses their fear as food to train an army of over 2 billion in hell.

"What is occupation? It is to look down from a high place on the state of perfect submission."

In that sense, the 2nd Division under the 4th Corps could not be said to have occupied the southern desert.

"Now we're going to play the last one left."

In the end, demons can be said to be a race made of the remnants of information left behind by humans, that is, the soul.

The furnace that melts demons is called a 'fire plate', and 'hellfire' that melts human souls is always burning here.

When the souls that have fallen into the hellfire are purified, they become one and become a demon, and the ability is determined by the individuality of the combination.

"Let's go, my faithful men."

The position of division commander in Satan's army is equivalent to that of a nation's commander in terms of human rank.

Through the Zion Project, the psychic realm was reduced, but the worst demon for mankind was left in the desert.

"Kill the human! Every time they scream, we will grow stronger. Give them the most terrible death!"

Therefore, humans define Ma in this way.

devil demon.

"This world is ours!"

An army of 3,000 crossed the desert.

The place they were heading to was the dungeon of Zulu, the great wizard of the Kingdom of Paras, and the pyramid where Gaold and Gangnan were hiding.

=======================================
[749] The Age of Turbulence (5)





* * *



sanctuary.

It is a transnational organization created by the Three Emperors, Chilwangseong, and King Lee.

Founded by Theraje, and built with the cooperation of 24 countries, including the Holy Temple, mankind's strongest military force.

Now that Heaven's activities have been quiet, other than the Eternal Community, countries around the world have been voicing their opinions that Valkyrie should be the vanguard against the 72nd Demon Legion.

"Enter Kashan!"

To the national anthem of Kashan played by the Republic of Korea's military band, Uorin took a step forward.

The guards, divided into geunjungwon, spread out over a wide radius and crossed their eyes like a net.

Behind Uorin, Fengzhang, the strongest swordsman group, moved with the same stride without an error of one centimeter.

'I thought it was time to get used to it, but... ... .'

Gando acted as Wurin's aide.

'I don't get used to it at all.'

The time and place of the holy temple change every time, but as it is a venue for world leaders to show off their national power, it was incomparable to any other summit in terms of scale.

"Welcome the state guest!"

Along the footbridge dyed in golden light, the Republic of Korea's honorary troops greeted the empress with heavy halberds.

'This side is also fully prepared.'

The Seven Kingdoms Republic of Korea is a peninsula that juts out in the shape of a dolphin in the southern part of the Gustaf Empire.

Originally, it should have been eaten by the empire because there was no contact with other countries except Gustaf in the north, but in the end, Cotria defended its territory with the dignified name of the Seven Kings.

'I must have done my best enough to be proud of myself. But the biggest reason... ... .'

This is because he owns the ancient weapon Ex-Machina.

It is presumed to be a type of MAP weapon, and Uorin said that it might not be a power-based weapon, but a legal weapon.

"It's Gando."

Wu Lin called quietly.

"Has Shirone not contacted you yet?"

Urin sent a message to Shirone, who has been wandering around the world since becoming the Five Stars, but there has been no reply yet.

"That's right."

Gando thought for a moment and then added.

"Shall we send someone again?"

If the polite letter was coldly rejected, the empire would have no choice but to resort to coercive means.

"No, it's okay. You must be busy."

Uorin's voice was full of sadness, and that fact surprised Gando.

'It seems that his coolness is shaking today.'

Wu Lin called again.

"It's Gando."

"Yes, Empress. Please tell me."

"Sit next to me today."

"Yes?"

He had accompanied him to the temple several times, but this was the first time she had offered a seat next to him.

"Gustav's emperor has changed."

Gustav Havitz, 17 years old.

According to Mistra's memories, not Uorin's, he was an interesting human equal to himself.

'Now, as a human being, he must have reached his age. What kind of person he would have grown into.'

"Do I deserve it? If you are concerned, should I give Fengzhang a separate instruction?"

Although they were giving all the conveniences of the empress, in terms of combat power, Gando was in the middle of the middle of the royal knights.

"It's fine. Just stay by my side."

"... ... All right."

If what Uorin was reluctant to do was force, Gando would be the right person.

After the position of the Three Emperors was over, six countries excluding Kotria crossed the gate, showing off their military power.

Paras of the Middle East, Gate of the East, Jive of the Central Continent, Iron of the Southern Continent, Arachne representing the 10 Kingdoms of the Southern Continent, and the Southern Continent.

A country's position is relative, and it is impossible to calculate a country's national power with numerical values ??alone, but no kingdom in the Seven Kingdoms was weaker than Shirone's hometown, Tormia.

"Lee Goonwang enters!"

Only after all the human units had gone in did the representatives of the Balaur and the Fairies appear.

Unlike human rulers who reached the pinnacle of ostentation, there were only two.

This is because dragons take pride in being the strongest in any situation, and fairies hate pretending.

"It's been a while, Apostle of Time."

Leading a body as big as a house, Enox, the representative of the fairies, greeted the approaching dragon.

1st Class Dragon Blitz.

Its sharp body like a sword, its sleek body, and its blue scales shimmered as if electricity were flowing even when it was still.

"Pterosaur, I didn't know you would come."

Although he was the best among the 12 apostles in terms of combat power, he had a dislike of getting involved in politics like this.

"I don't like it, but I can't. I have no interest in the temple, but I have an important agenda today."

"This is an important issue for the Balaur... ... Hmm."

Enox, who had rested his chin on his chin and thought, looked back at Blitz with a big smile.

"Does the sun explode?"

"Not funny at all."

Instantly chilled Enox pursed his lips.

"Yes, yes, would a noble one laugh at the jokes of a lowly elf like me? It's good, because it's noble."

"... ... ."

Blitz, who had been walking silently for a long time, turned his head roughly in front of the castle gate.

"How come 4,000 years have passed and that damn manic depression hasn't been cured?"

"Never mind. Should I mix words with a kid like me?"

Fairies have as many emotions as they are pure, and if humans are angry creatures, they have depression.

'In a sense, I hate it more than humans.'

There are humans who fell in love with and married fairies, but most of them did not end well because of this nature.

"Thank you for coming. Please come in."

When the minister who was waiting at the gate lowered his head, a big smile appeared on Enox's face again.

"hello. How are you, His Highness?"

It was the same when I saw Uorin from a distance, but Enox's appearance was a beauty different from that of a human.

"Ah yes. You are very healthy."

When Blitz raised his head, the soldier on the wall stomped his butt in fright.

"Hee!"

"The gate is low."

Should the dragon bow its head and enter?

"sorry. Apparently, it was adjusted to the height of a human... ... ."

It was the first time Blitz participated in the holy war, but I couldn't bear to say it out of my mouth.

"Hmm... ... ."

The sound of bones twisting began to be heard from Blitz's body, who was looking down at the minister in dissatisfaction.

As Enox frowned, his body gradually compressed into a human form.

It was a reconstruction in a form that only a first-class dragon could do.

"This should work."

Blade-sharp blue scales replaced her hair, and thunderbolt pupils flashed beneath the protruding eye bones.

"Ah, of course. thank you."

The trumpeter shouted in time with the music of the military band.

"Igunwang! Entrance!"

The temple was opened.



* * *



An army of 3,000 demons surrounded the Pyramid of Zulu, which stood alone in the land of the dead.

"Go in! Kill everyone you see!"

Every time division commander Gaias wielded a saw blade-like weapon, monsters from the dungeon were being cut to the bone.

"Poor things."

With no heart, the Zulu simply spat out empty words and raised their hands from the top of the pyramid.

"Erga."

The darkness of the endless abyss.

A black bird soared into the sky and was crushed with a thud.

Just like Zulu did a long time ago.

Key eh eh eh!

As the black mass crumpled like paper spread over the gigantic body, the 10-meter-tall Shinigami spread thunderbolts.

"Rush! There is no retreat!"

The curtain of lightning shook like a wave, but the demons attacked the pyramid, not caring about the flesh bursting.

"Let's try, Erga."

As the lightning faded, the lich raised his hands to the sky, a swirl of demonic smoke.

"The resentment of the dead."

It was a terrible disaster that only Zulu could implement, death-related magic that those with life could not use.



"Huh! Huh!"

Kang Nan held two machetes in his hands and wandered through the labyrinth of the pyramid.

'How many are there?'

Although he occasionally met demons in the desert, it was the first time he faced an army this large.

"die! Pain for humans!"

As the soldiers with prominent blue veins like corpses rushed forward with their spears, Kang Nan threw himself into the blade.

"Yaaaaap!"

As he shook his shoulder violently and swung his machete, the enemies' necks fell off.

"Rabe! Naberaum!"

In the gap between the demons who had opened up like that, division commander Gaias swung a saw blade greatsword.

"Keugh!"

I crossed the machete with an X to block it, but the saw blade pulled and missed the handle.

"You know how to make a woman suffer!"

Gaias pushed in from the shoulder.

"But I only kill!"

"what... ... !"

Gangnan, who lost his weapon, twisted his upper body in a posture unique to Ram Muay.

"You're talking!"

As the powerful high kick hit the ironclad, the heavy body was pushed as if there were wheels underneath and crashed into the wall.

"Division commander!"

Gaias shook his head at a shock that was inconceivable to be the power of a human, and that of a woman.

"You can never pass by here!"

Every time Gangnan swung his shin like a whip, the demons' knees broke and their heads exploded.

"... ... is it?"

Cruelty to the demons was as natural as a human being willing to chew a pig to fill their stomachs.

"All troops advance!"

All the demons split left and right in front of the river and started running into the depths of the labyrinth.

"no! there... ... !"

When Kang Nan, who had a terrible imagination, shouted with a pale face, Gaias swung his great sword.

"Oohhhh!"

When a saw blade got stuck in the boat, sparks flew in Kang Nan's eyes.

"Kwaaaang!"

Kang Nan, who made a wolf sound and pulled his stomach in, bit the blade with both elbows and knees.



Ram Muay Striker - Arang's.



Gaias, glaring at the wolf's vision, swung his sword and broke the wall.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

"Big!"

Watching Kang Nan, who had rolled on the floor, hold on to his stomach while lying on his stomach, the jagged greatsword snapped.

'To break a sword made of hell iron.'

Although they acknowledged her as a warrior, it was the demons who could become cowardly in order to achieve Satan's purpose.

"I'm sorry, but that's it."

Gangnan jumped up.

"Gaold!"

No matter how complex the labyrinth was, with this level of troops, someone would eventually reach the bottom floor.

"Commander! I do!"

Gaold's door was wide open when Gangnan descended the stairs at the sound of a voice coming from the floor below.

"No eh eh!"

The moment Gang-Nan shouted at the end of the hallway, the ground spurred on and threw his body.

Whoops!

The pyramid rocked up and down unbelievably.

"... ... ."

The son-in-law was silent, and only the sound of demons running far upstairs came through the walls.

"uh... ... ."

Kang Nan cautiously entered Gaold's room.

All the demons were crushed with blood cakes, and in the corner was a piece of meat presumed to be Division Commander Gaias.

Looking at them all, Gaold, who was bony to the point where only bones remained, sat in the fixed gaze at last.

"uh... ... ."

I wanted to say something, but when I saw Gaold's face contorted with pain, I was overcome with fear.

"It's a mutt."

Gaold raised his hand and saw the nerves in the back of his hand twitch and his fingers tremble like mad.

"Perhaps... ... ."

He spat out the words with difficulty in a muddy voice, slowly folding his fingers, leaving his index and middle fingers behind.

"Do you have any cigarettes left?"

"Huh!"

Before the hot tears could cover her eyes, Kang Nan burst into Gaold with a tearful face.





(end of volume 30)

=======================================