
[72] Dream On(1)





Photon Cannon.

Although the mass contained in the photon is insignificant, the impact of the photon output at high speed was not the level that a single monster could withstand.

Chief Ulc's eyes burned. Having fought countless battles with humans, he knew how dangerous wizards could be.

"it's okay! I must have been scared! Shirone did it!"

cried Martin. But Arthur had a different idea. The opponent he was facing now was a monster, not a beast. They say they have reason, but their beast nature was not something to belittle.

"It won't end like this. Even though Shirone is strong, she is only human. Beasts that hunt in packs never retreat after taking one or two damage."

As Artor analyzed, Chief Ulc had no intention of backing down. The wizard's ability is destructive, but the violence of the group was not frightened by only one person.

"Kreurreu, porridge... ... female... ... la... ... ."

"Aaaaaang!"

Ulc's roar shook the heavens and earth.

'you can do it. If you wake up, you can win.'

Shirone teleported up and bombarded the ground with a photon cannon. Flashes of light struck like hail. Even if they were not hit by the photon cannon, the shock wave generated from the ground hit the Ulks.

Even so, Ulk's prestige did not diminish in the slightest. In the case of forming a group, it was a warlike race that even the ogre called the king of the forest could fold.

Irrespective of the damage of their kind, the Ulks jumped up and swung their claws at Shirone. Shirone hurriedly landed on the ground. There were also seven of them waiting for an opportunity.

Shirone converted Spirit Zone into a four-way attack type. The moment the thorns of the Spirit Zone touched Ulk, multiple photon cannons were fired. A blindingly intense flash stretched out, and the Ulks hit by the photon bounced back to where they came from.

"Wow, that's amazing... ... Shirone."

The children made a bewildered expression. To think that humans could fight dozens of ulks on equal footing. I thought that stories of heroic feats were a bluff in the world. However, seeing the battle of Shirone, he seemed to be able to believe any story as fact.

"haha."

Shirone's breathing became rough. The moment she cast the Photon Cannon multiple times, her consciousness seemed to be blown away. It was difficult to endure even with the mental strength to sustain the photon output for more than 10 minutes. This is because Photon Cannon is fusion magic that combines light and mass.

Wizards have one slot into which batteries can be installed. It is the same reason that humans cannot focus on two things at the same time. With the Servant Syndrome, Iruki can double, but except for such a special case, even the most high-ranking magician can only use one magic at a time.

Therefore, it was rare in the professional world for wizards who use a single attribute, pure magic, as their main specialty. Most combine two or even three attributes to maximize the effectiveness of a single enchantment.

Shiina's Ice Tornado, a combination of cold and wind, and Sade's Fire Sun, a combination of light and flame, were representative examples.

Fusion magic has the advantage of maximizing the efficiency of the moment, but it required a high level of mental strength. It was natural for Shirone to feel tired after casting such magic in succession.

'It's a big deal. I think there are only a few steps left. I don't think I can defeat them all.'

Woolk is different from the thugs of the alley. A beast's sense of smell reads the emotions of its prey like a ghost. If it shows any sign of fatigue, it will immediately try to tear it limb from limb.

In fact, even after losing a third of his people, Ulk's chief was still showing hostility.

Realizing that Shirone was exhausted, Ulc's secondary unit rushed in. It was a similar number to the 1st unit, but compared to when the mind was intact, the feeling itself was different.

Shirone hit the photon cannon with a sense of urgency. A mass of photons was buried in the stomach of Ulc, who was running in front of him.

"Kuaaaaa!"

The body of the giant was pushed out as it dragged the floor. However, unlike before, he didn't fall down and kept his legs on the ground. Shirone was terrified. I can't imagine that the power would have gone down this much.

Convinced, the Ulk chief ordered an all-out attack.

"Kang! kang! Kwang!"

The Ulks also sensed victory and rushed at it.

'Now that it's like this... ... .'

The only thing left for Shirone was Immortal Function.

But can you stand it?

It's on a different level from what I've cast photon output before. If Fusion Magic, which consumes a lot of mental power, is cast in the infinite realm, there is no way to know what kind of aftermath will come.

"Big!"

The moment she opened the Immortal Function, pressure rose in Shirone's mind. He thought his head might explode.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Shirone made up her mind and opened her mind. There was a rush of great power along with the feeling of his ego loosening.

The moment the spirit zone was filled with light, it exploded violently. Golden fragments flew as the mass wave pushed the Ulks away.

Floating an orb of light in her palm, Shirone shot it forward with all her might. The entire area was devastated as the Photon Cannons spread out in a flash of white light. Without reducing the output, the ulks swung as if they were sweeping with a broom.

But I couldn't keep this state forever. If infinity is an ocean, Shirone's spirit is a stream. The immortal function is like a barrier between them. They drilled a hole and boiled seawater, but the barrier would collapse over time.

Since the amount of mental power that must be paid for depends on the magic, the wizard chooses the most effective magic for the price depending on the situation.

Magic that has a far superior effect compared to its price is called over power in the magic society. Representatively, there were time magic stop, invisibility magic, invisibility, alchemy magic injection, and healing magic Heal of Almighty.

Then what about the Photon Cannon?

Shirone thought it was close to over power.

Excellent attack speed, mixed use of single shots and continuous fire, and even the form of a wick beam were all necessary conditions for attack magic.

However, it is only said that the efficiency is higher than the price. Basically, the Photon Cannon was an expensive magic. If it was cast indiscriminately like now, a terrible situation could have occurred.

'no more! I'll die first!'

Shirone stopped casting Photon Cannon. The saturation time was only about 3 seconds, but dust rose from all sides, making it impossible to see an inch in front.

As a gust of wind swept away the dust, the children shuddered at the sight unfolding before them. The area swept by the Photon Cannon was devastated.

The Ulks were buried in the ground, and those who escaped were also trembling in fear, unable to mourn the death of their own people.

Shirone realized the power of the Photon Cannon. In the place where the flash passed, there was really nothing left.

Since the person who cast the magic was admiring, the position of the victim must have been devastating. Chief Ulc had no choice but to admit the reality with a frightened expression.

That mage can't win.

"Kreur, we... ... liver... ... all. send... ... different... ... ."

Currently, Shirone is in a state of exhaustion to the extent that any magic is impossible. However, I persevered with strength in my legs until the end.

"Never come here again. If you come into this mountain one more time, it won't end there."

The Ulk chief conveyed his servile feelings in clumsy human language.

"not... ... come. descent... ... All magic... ... buy."

"good."

When Shirone waved his hand, Chief Ulc left first. The other Ulks followed the chief into the forest without any regrets.

Only after the Ulks disappeared, Shirone, who was relieved of tension, stumbled and fell with her eyes closed.

"Shirone! Shirone!"

"Shh! Quiet. They might come back."

When Alto warned, the children covered their mouths.

Alto looked at Shirone again. I laughed out loud at the sight of him sleeping soundly without knowing the world.

The children of the slash-and-burn village grew up with the passage of time, but Shirone seemed to be the same as he was when he was young.

'They say wizards don't age.'

At first, I thought it was the son of a common mountaineer. A child from where he picked it up. Shirone didn't look at all like Mr. Vincent, and that's why he looked down on him even more.

But it was an illusion. Could Shirone be the ugly duckling in a fairy tale?

A human being different from the mountain man from birth.

Alto held up Shirone. Compared to his physical strength, he was as light as a feather, but he didn't feel proud.

I now knew that I could never lift the weight of intelligence contained in a light body.

"Let's go down. The hunting game is over."



* * *



"Ugh!"

Shirone woke up and jumped up.

It was someone's house.

When I put my hand on the back of the sofa and looked around, I saw a cozy floor.

I could feel the warmth of the brazier burning on the bonfire and heard the sound of food being prepared in the broken kitchen.

"uh? Shirone is broken Rumina, Shirone, wake up!"

Martin shouted, and a crackling noise came from the kitchen. After a while, Rumina peeked out from the other side of the wall, revealing her flushed face.

"Here?"

Shirone then remembered. It was Rumina's house where she often stayed with her father when she was young.

Children came pouring down from upstairs. She was dressed the same as when she went hunting, as if she stayed by Shirone's side without returning home.

"Shirone, are you okay?"

Arthur asked anxiously. As soon as he got home, he inspected Shirone's body, but found nothing unusual. However, since he was ignorant of magic, abnormal signs might occur.

Shirone ran several experiments to see if there was anything wrong with his head. His memory was intact, and his mind seemed fine.

"It's fine. I must have collapsed from exhaustion."

"Whoa, that's good. We knew you were wrong."

Shirone felt quite sorry for making her worry unnecessarily. Of course, the children thought the exact opposite.

"It's been a while since I had a good night's sleep, and I feel refreshed. I think the fatigue is going away now."

I took a long sleep at the dorm, but in fact, I was not very tired. But now I feel really good. It's because his nasty sense of super inlay has disappeared.

I was confident that I would overcome. But when what was there disappeared, he was able to realize how hard he had been enduring all this time.

'Armin was right. As soon as I mastered the Photon Cannon, my senses returned. I didn't even have a nightmare.'

There was a growl in the stomach. It was the hunger I hadn't felt in a long time. The savory smell wafting from the kitchen also helped stimulate hunger.

Shirone licked his lips and asked Rumina.

"But what are you making now?"

"Pork stew. My mother bought meat for me."

Rumina's mother came out of the kitchen with a ladle.

"Shirone, how are you? long time no see."

"Hello, Auntie. I'm sorry for nothing because of me."

"Huh, I'm sorry if you say that. How long has my daughter waited for you?"

Rumina's face turned red. But she suddenly turned sad in her eyes and lowered her head.

Alto understood her feelings. She must have noticed as well as her children.

Shirone cannot be our leader. He was not a child of a slash-and-burn village, nor was he the son of a mountaineer.

Shirone was a wizard.

As the atmosphere calmed down, Altor shouted in a hearty voice.

"now! Hungry. Let's eat some rice."

"Wow! I will eat meat after a long time! go! energy! go! energy!"

Rumina's mother placed a large barrel on the table. She said the stew with pork was swaying beyond the proper line.

There are only four people in Rumina's family, but there are plenty of tableware to eat together in the slash-and-burn village.

=======================================
[73] Dream On(2)





When about 10 children sat down at the table, Rumina's mother served generous portions of boiled meat.

Shirone noticed. It would cost quite a bit to prepare this much food. Paying the price wasn't a problem, but it was odd on its own.

Alto said he had read Shirone's mind.

"Do not worry about it. Selling monster skins makes money. Going to start working tomorrow. Of course, I will have to ask for your permission first."

"yes? no. Of course it should. Oh, and the name of the monster is Ulk. I heard that fingernails and fangs can get you a pretty good price."

I thought, of course, that Shirone would allow it. Moreover, it was a bigger income than expected because other parts also made money.

But most of all, it was the fact that I learned the name of the monster.

In this world, knowledge also becomes money.

If you put it on the market without even knowing its name, it was obvious that you would use a dumping machine. It could have been a much bigger loss than the effort put into tanning.

"Right. Anyway, thank you. Like Ulck, without you, our village would have had to move to another place."

For generations of people who have lived by cultivating fields and selling things from the mountains, it was a terrible thing to lose their home. In that sense, Shirone was a hero who saved the village.

"It's fine. Because this place is precious to me too."

Shirone sincerely thought so. Ulk's meat would decay over time and be unsellable, but the children did not go up to the mountain and remained.

not rich That's why life is hard, so there are more things to blush than nobles, but I liked those who knew how to live together.

said Martin, munching on the meat.

"Anyway, I'm sorry that your hard-earned vacation ended like this. Wouldn't you rather go up the mountain together tomorrow? Let's sell everything, including the shells and nails, and have fun with the money."

When it came to playing, the children of the slash-and-burn village were not missing, but Shirone shook her head in regret. He wanted to go back as soon as possible to analyze his insights.

"no. I've had enough rest. Thanks to that, my fatigue was relieved. I have to study hard now. I have to go back to school tomorrow morning."



* * *



After dinner, the children went back to their respective homes. It was a moonlit night, but they still had work to do. The equipment had to be serviced overnight and the carts had to be checked.

Shirone climbed the hill and looked down at the slash-and-burn village. Children were carrying torches from house to house, preparing for tomorrow's work. A soft smile crept across his lips as they joked around and chatted happily.

"Shirone, you were here."

"uh? Alto, how did you find it?"

"I thought it would just be here. What are you thinking? You don't even know I'm coming."

"Old thoughts. When I came with my father, we played a lot. We play hide and seek in the field over there."

"Yes it was. But you had a lot more time to read books by yourself. Of course it's because of us."

"no. It's because I love books so much... ... ."

Alto gave a good laugh.

"You don't have to. If you don't know, it makes no sense. Because children have longed for you since before. So there were many times when I was jealous too. Now that I think about it, I feel sorry for you more than one or two things."

"No, I was weird. Maybe I was afraid to meet people. It was a confusing time."

In the slash-and-burn village, Shirone was the pride of her parents as he never had an accident unlike other children. But in reality, since he encountered magic at the age of 12, it has been a series of endless agony and worries.

Alto nodded as if he had a guess. He was able to see and realize Shirone's magic today.

The boy who thought he only read books without knowing the world was actually fighting more fiercely than anyone else.

"I'm sorry, Shirone."

"Because it's okay."

"No, not that. I mean at a drinking party. I said something presumptuous. Everyone has something called a bowl. I made a mistake. Don't take it to heart."

Shirone remembered Alto's stinging point last night. He wasn't hurt. He also chose magic because it was a burden he had to carry on his own.

"I don't think so. Actually, I've never thought about it until now. How blessed I am living. How lucky you are."

"No, Shirone. you worked hard That's why others help you too."

"But the truth is the truth. What you said is my reality, and that's why I have to embrace it for the rest of my life."

Alto smiled bitterly. There was no one in the slash-and-burn village where he could criticize himself like others.

"It's amazing, being a wizard."

The mindset of wizards was incomprehensible. But that's why the people of the world are in awe of them.

Shirone and Alto looked down at the slash-and-burn village. They didn't say anything to each other, but their eyes were looking at the same place.



* * *



the next morning.

The adults started their daily routine at dawn, and only the children were left.

Shirone ate breakfast at Rumina's house and left the house.

The children saw them off, but they too were carrying a lot of work tools to dismantle Ulrk.

In their lives, where there is no day off, Shirone realized how important the road he was walking was.

"Goodbye, Shirone. study hard Be sure to become a wizard."

Alto asked for a handshake. Other children also flocked to Shirone to say goodbye.

"Shirone, are you coming to play again?"

"Next time you come, tell me more about the magic school."

"haha! okay. I will come after the semester is over. You guys are doing well too."

After saying goodbye to the children, Shirone looked back at Rumina. Even in her cheerful mood, her face was as dark as she was.

Shirone also had a vague idea of ??Rumina's love affair. But what? Things between a man and a woman weren't something you could think of with your head.

"Thanks to you, Rumina, I ate a lot of delicious food. Will you do it again?"

Rumina then smiled. She had a transcendent smile. She knew that what she wanted more of here was that she was greedy.

"of course! So come often. If you pretend not to know that you are a wizard, I will beat you."

"yes. I will definitely come back."

While going down the hill in the slash-and-burn village, Shirone suddenly looked back. And she shouted at the children who were still in place.

"All right! healthy!"

When Shirone turned around and walked away, Rumina lowered her head helplessly. What made her sadder than the fact that Shirone was leaving was the reality that she could no longer even like him.

"Hey, are you okay?"

Alto put his hand on Rumina's shoulder and asked. Rumina couldn't hold back and shed tears. Alto was upset for nothing. He had guessed his love for Shirone since he was young, but he didn't know if it was this serious.

"Sheesh, if you feel so sad, at least try talking. What should I do to beat him up and bring him back?"

"no it's okay. Shirone didn't leave."

Rumina wiped away the tears alternately with both hands and raised her head. Suddenly, a bright smile appeared on her lips.

"Shirone, you are heading towards your dream."

Rumina prayed to the god of mountains and forests.

May there be a warm light on his way.



* * *



While going back to school, Shirone thought about the topic raised by the slash-and-burn village.

How far can I really go?

Being a guest of the Ogent family did not accomplish anything by studying with the students of the Magic School.

Learning from failure as a lesson and continuing to work hard did not apply to him as a commoner.

You have to explode your talent without rest. We must develop without hesitating for a moment.

He goes to school with the support of the Ogent family, and studies the advanced science of magic at the expense of her parents.

Is this really the right way?

If you fail at least one chance, will you be able to accept it and live the world as before?

After arriving at school, Shirone turned to the research club. His mind was disturbed, and he was reluctant to enter the inn.

'Are the kids having fun? I shouldn't have lost much... ... .'

By now, Iruki and Nade would be happily betting in a different world casino. Please, I hope you don't hang only house documents.

Passing through the Eastas labyrinth and entering the warehouse where the study group was located, Shirone stopped in front of the iron door. A human voice leaked through the crack in the door.

"what?"

When I opened the door, Iruki and Nade were sitting on the sofa and arguing. Iruki was excited like never before at how heated the discussion was.

"you idiot! A perpetual power engine is absolutely impossible!"

"Why are you so tight in the front and back? I'm not talking about infinite power, it's the second kind of perpetual engine!"

"That violates the law of entropy!"

"Then what is this! What is this I made!"

Nade pointed to the wind-up wagon on the table. In fact, it was an iron box with wheels that would be ambiguous to call it a wagon.

"uh? there... ... ."

Nade looked back at Shirone. And he reaped, picked up the wind-up carriage, and waved it before his eyes.

"Shirone! you see and tell me because i made this Once you've wound the mainspring like this, put it down on the floor... ... !"

The wagon moved in a circular motion. Even so, the mainspring that had been wound had not unwound.

Iruki raised his ax eye and pointed.

"Hey, Shirone! Don't be fooled. That's a total scam!"

"What is the scam? You are tired of waiting for when to stop, so you are doing this with me right now!"

"You fool! Anyone can make anything that can be proven in 1-2 hours! The institution you created is just highly efficient! Even when I turned the spring, it was filthy tight!"

"What is it? It's a miniature, so it has limits. If you make it bigger, you can increase the performance 100 times!"

"How big are you going to make it? as much as the sky? It would be much more efficient to feed the horse and lead it!"

"All you have to do is show the possibilities! Technology is supposed to move towards lightweighting over time!"

"Technology that is not supported by theory will eventually collapse!"

"What do you know about theory! If you make it and use it, it's done!"

Both mathematicians and engineers made sense. Shirone blinked and listened to him, then looked at the carriage.

Seeing them heat up the useless wagon, it felt like all of a sudden, all the worries from a while ago were blown away.

'ah... ... I see.'

One day, that wind-up wagon will also be born with a decent name through the research of numerous scholars. And someone will create new knowledge through it again.

How arrogant to think that only I can do something. I didn't come this far because I was great.

If my father hadn't bought me the book, if I hadn't joined the Ogent family, if I hadn't had the teleportation test, if I hadn't met Iruki and Nade... ... .

There is no current Shirone.

A series of coincidences that occurred with a very small probability. All those events led Shirone to this place.

'thank you. Thank you for letting me stay here.'

Shirone, who was immersed in his own emotions for a while, quickly regained his smile and asked his friends.

"By the way, what happened to the casino?"

Nade, who was rubbing foreheads with Iruki, turned his head with an unfair expression.

"How is it? It was all robbed and returned in one day. If only the last bet had been placed, we could have hit the jackpot."

"That's why I said it would be a spade. 57 percent chance."

"Funny! I heard you and lost a lot! 57% is a piece of shit! How is that different from bokbulbok?"

=======================================
[74] Dream On(3)





"You should have kept pushing! Didn't you know that the error decreases as the number of trials increases?"

"That needs bullets too! If you followed your strategy, you would have to walk all the way to the house documents!"

"look! That's right! There is nothing in the world that can be consumed infinitely! Same goes for energy!"

"Why are you saying that all of a sudden!"

"Ahahaha!"

Shirone burst into laughter. Everyone who challenges toward their dreams is one. So, success and failure are secondary issues.

Even if the people of the world point fingers at it as useless, or ridicule it as an idealist who can't support a family, isn't mankind able to develop this far because someone is doing it in the end?

'It's okay even if it's not me. I... ... It doesn't matter if it becomes someone else's fertilizer.'

Shirone didn't worry any longer. He is grateful for all the luck that has allowed him to come true, and he just needs to keep moving towards his dreams.

Iruki asked curiously.

"Shirone, why are you splitting things like that? Did you eat anything weird?"

Shirone shook his head without answering. And he made a promise again and again and moved on.

"I'm back, boys."



* * *



There are two days left before the suspension is lifted.

Nade and Iruki arrived at the 4th training ground early in the morning and were waiting for Shirone.

It was early, but it was summer, so the son-in-law was bright, and the two of them looked at the entrance, yawning.

Nade said, rubbing his sleepy face.

"Oh, what is it? Call me in the morning."

"Didn't you say you had something to show me?"

"What are you showing me all of a sudden? I am full of energy just by showing you so far."

"Well. It must have been tattooed on a pepper."

"Puhahahaha!"

Imagining what Iruki said, Nade burst into laughter. Meanwhile, Shirone entered the training ground.

"Oh, he was already there. But why is Nade like that?"

"do not know. I guess it's because I'm a pervert."

"Puhahaha! Tattoo! tattoo there... ... ! Fuhahaha!"

Anxious Shirone didn't ask. It's probably because the two of them were exchanging silly jokes and doing that.

"Anyway, let's begin. Because I want to show you quickly."

"What are you showing me? tattoo? Fuhahaha!"

Iruki said as if he was pathetic.

"stop. it's not funny anymore Anyway, why did you call me here? What do you want to show me?"

"wait. I'll try right away."

After walking to the center of the training ground, Shirone held out her hand toward the rocky mountain.

"what? photon output? Did you increase the output?"

Shirone cast a photon cannon. A white flash quickly passed in front of Nade and Iruki's eyes.

bang!

The rock exploded with a dull roar.

Nade and Iruki's eyes, which had been dull until a moment ago, widened. The chin seemed to come down.

The spot where the light struck was wide and sunken. The two ran and looked for traces without saying who was first.

"What, what? is it magic Or real magic?"

"It's strange. You're shocked by the light. I know that photons cannot be fused. Shirone, what happened?"

Shirone said with a proud expression.

"A new weapon I learned this time. It's not a photon output, it's a photon cannon."

"It's a Photon Cannon. The meaning is plausible. What is the principle?"

"that is... ... A bit long, so to speak."

As Shirone spared his words, Ned came running quickly. And shook Shirone's shoulder with her face as her sleep fled.

"Tell me quickly! how did you do it! To put physical force into light, this is absolutely impossible!"

Light and electricity are cousins, so Nade was clearly aware of what Shirone had done.

"I will tell you. So... ... Would you like to go somewhere with me?"



* * *



Shirone and the others entered the restaurant in the noble district. While satisfying her hunger with seafood pasta, Shirone talked about how he mastered the Photon Cannon.

The vortex of dust on the bed, the situation in which Ulk was thrown down the cliff, and the principles of the Photon Cannon that he realized at that moment.

Even without mentioning Armin, the Photon Cannon was an idea unique to Shirone, so it was easy to explain.

Nade and Iruki listened intently, not knowing whether the pasta was going into their mouths or their noses.

After the hour-long explanation, Iruki, who was lost in thought, put down his fork and said,

"I heard about gauge symmetry from my father. The gist is this. Are you saying that there is a separate particle that carries mass? And you can handle that particle."

Shirone realized a new what a great person Iruki's father was. To teach his son about gauge symmetry and nothing else. As the head of the dragon, he seemed to be aware of all the cutting-edge theories established throughout the wizarding society.

said Nade.

"In short, the result of the immortal function is mass. He mastered the Photon Cannon and lost his sense of portrait."

"yes. Besides, I don't even have nightmares anymore."

Iruki and Nade were lost in thought. A particle that transfers mass to matter. Shirone's realization was a great discovery.

In particular, the Photon Cannon was a magic unique to Shirone. Because no one is omnipotent. If you are not a person who has directly experienced the infinite realm, it is not possible to cast simply by mastering omniscience.

"Awesome, Shirone. This may be even greater than we imagine. If you patent it, it's a discovery that you can sit on the money cushion right away!"

Numerous inventions that could be made with Shirone's theory were already popping up in Nade's mind.

"So I want to ask you something, can you go to the library with me?"

"yes? library?"

"The school library is under disciplinary action, so entry is prohibited. So I'm going to go to the aristocratic library. To research the Photon Cannon a bit more. But since I can't go in, I want you guys to take me."

"That doesn't matter. It will help us too. But why can't I go in alone?"

Commoners cannot enter the noble library. If the suspension is lifted, you can use the school library, but I realized something after going to the slash-and-burn village. Denying identity doesn't change anything. At least I wanted to be honest with my friends.

"Actually, I am not an aristocrat."

Nade, who was chewing on the pasta, opened his mouth blankly. Iruki was also staring at Shirone as if shocked.

"I am a commoner. I was abandoned in a stable when I was young, and now my parents raised me. My father is an ordinary mountaineer."

Although he jumped into the world of magic late, I can't imagine he was a commoner. In particular, the fact that he was abandoned by his biological parents did not match the wrinkled appearance of Shirone at all.

"Sorry. I haven't said it until now. I will accept any criticism. But I didn't want to lie anymore."

Nade and Iruki looked at each other. They felt the same feelings for each other through their eyes.

Iruki turned to Shirone and spoke first.

"It is a shocking fact. But to be honest, I don't feel anything special? Anyway, you are Shirone."

"So do i. I wouldn't know if I knew it from the beginning, but now that I've heard those words, nothing will change. The times we had together will not disappear."

I thought my friends would understand, but it was just a personal expectation. When he was recognized by them, Shirone was touched by their heart.

Iruki lowered his head and giggled.

"So it was a special screening. The reason I learned magic late was because I wasn't a noble. Well, talent isn't something you're born with, considering where you're from. It's really great."

"thanks. for saying so."

Nade waved his hand at Shirone's thrilled appearance.

"Hey. It can't be that serious. I think I'm rather fortunate To be friends with you without prejudice. If I had known in advance, I wouldn't have even dreamed of the research presentation a few days ago."

Iruki gave up his thoughts and stood up from the table. If he dragged out more time here, the atmosphere would only deteriorate.

"Okay, let's go to the library. It was boring to play, but it worked. Let's burn the passion for learning properly!"

Shirone and Nade stood up and shouted.

"Good!"

Return of the Archmage (1)





Basuka, the capital of Tormia Kingdom.

There was a dungeon 70 meters deep underground that was completed 100 years ago in the underground mountain range that flowed around the capital. Called the Labyrinth of Darkness, this place was once the hideout of the great wizard Viltor Arcane, who ruled the world.

Arcane, an authority on dark magic, fought with various nations until he suddenly disappeared 40 years ago due to an incident.

At the time, Arcane's wizard level was an unofficial level 3.

Once you reach level 3 or higher, you will be given the title of Archmage regardless of public or non-official.

The wizard's grade is determined by achievements and reputation, and the Magic Association manages this with a special scoring method.

The number of points required to advance from level 10 to level 9 is 1,000 points, including Achievements and Fame. And the number of points needed to go from level 4 to level 3 was 280 million points.

In other words, third-class wizards were those who had accumulated enormous achievements and reputations that ordinary people could not imagine.

Compared to 500 points for the achievement set for clearing the Dungeon of Danger Level A, and 100 points for the fame set for meeting the king at the invitation of the royal castle, it was possible to guess how much Arcane was stirring the world.

Arcane rose to the position of an unofficial third-class wizard 40 years ago, at the age of 89. Looking at the score at the time, the part about his achievements was 100 million points, and the part about fame was 180 million points.

The reason his reputation is higher than his achievements is because he was a troublemaker who turned the continent upside down.

Banned experiments are the basics, and the bane of the era when the national foundation was shaken by accidents such as producing anarchists by association of dark organizations.

Elderly people over the age of 70 would shudder at the mere mention of Arcane's name, so it was clear how high his notoriety was without even mentioning the 280 million points.

"Pooh. Pooh."

Arcane opened his eyes in a crystal tube filled with green liquid. He was not wearing a single thread, and his skin was stretched like a 149-year-old body.

'finally... ... The essence of darkness has finally been completed.'

It was the dark power he had accumulated over 40 years. Arcane intended to absorb this and recreate its former glory.

The reason humans die as they age is because cells reach the limit of self-replication. However, Arcane was suppressing cell division through a bio-maintenance device.

Arcane glanced around and saw the crystal on the desk. At first, it was something that was shiny like a diamond, but now it has turned black. It was thanks to the accumulation of dark power in the crystal with injection magic once a day.

'Alpheas, wait! I will definitely repay this disgrace.'

After being mortally wounded by Alpheas in his early 20s, Arcane's magical power declined rapidly.

However, he survived with a single thought of revenge, and finally today, he will regain his former power and become a great wizard once again.

As the green liquid from the life support system drained down the drain, Arcane's back bent as the water level dropped. It was a senile body that could be put in a coffin right away.

As the front of the crystal ball was cut open, Arcane gasped for breath and crawled out.

"Canis! scale! Do you have anything!"

A young-looking boy and girl opened the door and entered. The atmosphere was somewhat gloomy, probably because he had learned dark magic.

"Did you call, Master?"

"clothes. Give me my clothes."

=======================================
[75] Return of the Archmage (2)





Canis brought me a light green robe. She was in front of Arin watching, but Arcane changed her clothes without hesitation.

Arcane, who moved while stepping on the table, was able to catch her breath only after sitting on the chair.

"Whoa, it looks like I'm going to live a little longer."

"Are you okay, Master?"

Kanis asked anxiously. The pale skin and contrasting dark circles made it known that he was a dark wizard without revealing it.

'It's a nice eye. That's why I made him a disciple.'

On the other hand, Arcane did not like Arin very much. It is clear that he had a talent, seeing that he had black hair and dark eyes, but he had a weak mind and poor judgment.

There was no malice in the pretty face, and the emotion was evident in the large eyes.

From the moment he saw the old man's naked body, Arcane clicked his tongue at the sight of her trembling eyes.

'Tsk tsk, how do you use something like that? It seems useless.'

If it hadn't been for Canis' best friend, he wouldn't have brought such a weak girl.

It was that day 7 years ago.

Unable to move even with life support, he squeezed his last stamina into the capital Baska.

As befits the largest city in the Tormia Kingdom, the streets were rich and splendid. However, on the other side of the light, the miserable lives of those who were abandoned in the city continued.

Ghetto Radum.

As befits a highly polarized capital city, the residents of Radum were living a much more miserable life than the beggars in other cities.

The only way to get food in a place where people don't even come is to rummage through garbage cans. Even then, the competition was fierce, and it was common to commit murder to eat fish bones.

Arcane found Canis and Arin there.

In Radum, where everyday life is war, the way Kanis, who is only ten years old, survived with Arin was to be cruel.

Kanis's eyes were burning with hostility towards the world.

Arcane liked that look. Then he brought the two to the dungeon and taught them dark magic.

'My eyes weren't wrong. That must be a thing.'

Arcane refused Canis' support and stood up. Since it was a day to escape from the dreaded aging, he didn't want to appear weak today.

"Keep an eye on the greatness of the Dark Magic."

Arcane held the black crystal and closed his eyes. Her hands trembled from her weakness, but her face was filled with excitement that could not be concealed.

"Big!"

As he cheered up, the crystal became soft and wrapped around Arcane like a stream of water. Then, like a dark cloud, it scattered and covered the whole body.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Arcane let out a monstrous scream. He absorbed the power he had accumulated for 40 years at once, so if he were an ordinary person, he would have already gone mad.

The concept of dark magic is absorption and assimilation.

Arcane regained his former power by assimilating the dark power absorbed into the crystal into his own darkness.

"Oohhh!"

The shadow cast under Arcane's feet blazed like flames, then separated from the main body and scattered like fragments.

how much time has passed

Canis and Arin slowly opened their closed eyes. In Arcane's appearance, I couldn't find the slightest sign of decrepitude until now.

It wasn't that he looked younger or that his waist was straightened. However, her complexion was flushed and her eyes were full of vitality.

Sensing an unapproachable aura from her master who had regained her health, Canis trembled with emotion.

'Is this the true face of Master? I've heard rumors, but it's really amazing.'

Arcane smiled as if satisfied. It was as strong as it was before being defeated by Alpheas.

"let's go. From today, the history of Arcane will be rewritten."

Arcane, who had been waiting for this day for 40 years, left the dungeon without even having time to feel the afterglow of the rushing power.



* * *



The place where Arcane arrived was Baska's western prison 'Inferno'. As it is a place where serious criminals between Class D and Class B are imprisoned, he boasted impenetrable security.

"stop! Who are you! This is a controlled access area!"

The guards did not respond carelessly even to the elderly and children approaching. He first drew his weapon and shouted vigilantly.

"Reveal your identity! If you do not comply, I will arrest you!"

"The new blue kids... ... ."

A shadow stretched from Arcane's feet and merged with the shadows of the guards. Unaware of what had happened, the guards rolled their eyes and their eyelids trembled. Then he fell to his knees and fell to the floor.

"Hey, it's not even a snack. Canis, open the door."

Canis took a keychain from the guard's waist and opened the front door of Inferno. He is a master who can crumple an iron gate if he wants to, but he doesn't seem to have any intention of making things big.

However, Canis' expectations were immediately missed. From the moment he broke through the main gate, Arcane began to reveal his true colors.

"It's an intruder! attack! Killing is permitted!"

"Contact the castle and ask for support! A wizard!"

The guards came rushing in with weapons. But to the Dark Wizard, numbers didn't matter. Arcane's shadow extended like tentacles and merged with the soldiers' shadows.

"Ouch! What's this?"

"I can't move!"

The guards couldn't move their bodies. Then, when Arcane swung his hand, he turned to his comrades and began stabbing the spear against his will.

"Aww! Crazy? It's dangerous!"

"I don't know either! It's not me!"

Arin's face turned pale. Born with eyes completely different from those of others, she accepted the fears of the guards without filtering them.

"Kanis, you never said Master would come to a place like this."

Canis wondered as well. However, his trust in Arcane did not waver in the slightest.

"What do you think? Let's go."

Arcane slowly broke through the battlefield and headed for the building. When the shadows connected to the guards were suddenly cut off, those who were brawling collapsed with bubbles.

It was mind control, a characteristic of dark magic.

Darkness unites with other darkness. It is to use such characteristics to infiltrate the shadows of others and control their bodies and thoughts.

Looking at the advantages, the nature of dark magic itself was overpowered.

Nevertheless, the reason why it is considered non-mainstream is that one disadvantage covers all the advantages.

It was just that it was weak against light.

When the sun is up, darkness can only exist as a span of shadow. In addition, the stronger the light, the more mental power must be consumed to cast dark magic.

Of course, at night, the dark mage's capabilities are maximized, but even that was on the verge of losing its light as the photonization theory developed by a genius named Kergos became popular.

There were almost no students who majored in dark magic even in the continent's magic schools, so it was possible to know how neglected dark magic was in the wizarding society.

However, Canis knew that Arcane had perfectly overcome the disadvantages of dark magic. And the strongest essence he realized was passed on to himself.

'Yes, you must trust Master. The one who gave me everything.'

After breaking down the entrance and entering the prison, Arcane took care of additional guards in the hallway. Then, they opened the iron door of building A-3, where the prisoners were imprisoned, and entered. Sensing that the incident had already occurred, the prisoners pounded the bars with rice bowls.

"hey! I don't know who it is, but take it out!"

"hey! Open this damn iron door! Cases are not enough! Or I could kill someone else instead!"

Arcane slowly held out both hands. The grim surroundings of the prison were the perfect place for Arcanes to show off their talents.

"The Power of Darkness."

The shadows cast in the hallway changed into the shape of a hand and then came out three-dimensionally. Hundreds of hands gripped the barbed wire and yanked it, and the twisting sound of the iron could be heard. The moment the frightened prisoners retreated to the wall, the bars were ripped out in order along the corridor.

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!

The Power of Darkness was a magic that used the shadows that absorbed the surrounding energy like limbs. A single shadow could only lift a single pebble, but with hundreds of pairs of hands moving in an engineered way, they could easily pull out even an iron bar.

The iron gate opened and after a while, the prisoners showed up. A heavy iron ball was attached to his ankle.

"What are you, a wizard? It's so crazy."

"Anyway, thank you. Let's say Tongseong. I am Crown, the night cat. On this floor, if you hear your name, they will recognize you."

Arcane felt the pathetic energy of the prisoners and put on a displeased expression. Even 40 years ago, Inferno was not like this. How did a place that was full of all kinds of heinous criminals end up like this?

'Time is so free. Does that mean that my life has improved?'

According to Arcane's theory, the quality of criminals decreases as civilization develops. This is because there are more scammers who know how to roll their hair, and real bad guys infiltrate society.

"Poor things. Does the criminal introduce himself? Do you think you can get out of here just because the bars are gone?"

"What, is this old man senile? I tried to get over it as best I could, but do you know who I am?"

The prisoners stretched out, trusting their superiority in numbers. There is no guarantee that they are on the same side just because they went to prison together.

"Listen up, you fools. If you don't have the confidence to defeat me, just stay in prison. If you disobey my order, you will suffer the pain of breaking your bones."

The prisoners burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! What is this old man talking about? We've come this far, do you think we'll go back smoothly?"

"Let's step on it! I need to get out of this damn prison!"

In the excitement of regaining freedom, the prisoners rushed at them without hesitation. But they soon realized that their ankles were still shackled.

Was it paralyzed for a while? Maybe I wasn't aware of it because I had been wearing it for years.

"uh? uh? Holy shit!"

The prisoners then began to panic. Arcane watched their chatter and snorted at him.

If you chose to be evil as an old man, you must have skills, and if you do not have skills, you must have good brains. However, they were just parasites who ate food in prison.

"The Power of Darkness."

"Uh, ah! what's this!"

The hands that had tore off the bars this time wrapped around the prisoners and dragged them into the darkness. Their eyes, noses, and mouths disappeared into a black veil as if they were buried in a giant gel.

After a while, the sound of bones breaking was heard.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

"Turn it off!"

The prisoners were speechless and could not even scream.

Hearing the gloomy sound, Arin shuddered and spoke to Canis.

"Canis, do you really have to do this to get revenge?"

"Arin, denying Master is denying us."

"Even though... ... ."

"Have you forgotten what happened in Radum? There have been many worse things than this. Besides, the prisoners here are the same ones that plagued us in Radum."

"But you promised. To forget everything that happened in Radum. I will be happy from now on."

"Nothing is over yet. If Master's grudge is not resolved, happiness will not come to us either."

As the darkness that filled the corridors disappeared, prisoners with broken bones were lying on their backs in grotesque positions.

Arcane, who looked down at them with arrogant eyes, murmured.

"Frail things. Was it an unnecessary step? Or would you feel better if you go to another room?"

The number of criminals imprisoned in Inferno is 320. Perhaps it was only here that low-level people gathered.

=======================================
[76] Return of the Archmage (3)





Iron Krung. Iron Krung.

As I was thinking about that, I heard the sound of chains from the prison cell at the end of the hallway. When a man resembling a wolf appeared, Arcane's eyes lit up with interest.

His thoughts were different from those who jumped out without covering their heads just because a barbed wire was opened. Besides, I liked that he was handcuffed in addition to the shackles.

"There is still one more left. Did you hide your presence? The schema is quite good."

The man inspected the faces of the fallen prisoners and let out a dejected laugh.

"Heh heh heh, I'm stumped. do you know where this is? West prison called Inferno. Are you thinking of treason?"

"Treason. It's fun. Will you join us?"

The man shrugged.

"There's nothing I can't do if you let me go."

"Even if you couldn't see, your ears would have been open. There is no freedom unless you defeat me."

"Haa, that's tight."

The man raised his handcuffed arms and scratched his head. The instant the eyes shining through his forearms shone sharply, he threw himself away without even warning.

When he swung his foot with the leaping power of the schema that surpassed even the weight of the iron ball, the iron ball was thrust right into Arcane's face.

"Master!"

pop!

The man bent his knees and landed with a tired expression. He hit a person and this sound came out.

"Sheesh, that's annoying magic."

Arcane didn't budge. The half of the face hit by the iron ball was covered with a black shadow. It was dark skin magic that absorbed shock by maximizing the absorption power of dark magic.

"It's quite usable. You pass."

As Arcane cast the power of darkness, a shadow rose from the floor and grabbed the man's shackles and handcuffs.

"Don't move. Your limbs might fly off."

Before the man could reply, the shadow rose like a blade and spun rapidly. The chain broke in an instant, and the man's skin was not damaged in the slightest. The limitless molding technique and delicate manipulation were the essence of dark magic.

"It would be nice to be free. follow me I have work for you to do."

"Why are you doing this? Didn't you ever say you'd join?"

The corners of the smiling man's lips trembled.

You already know how strong your opponent is. But wouldn't it be meaningless to have escaped if you were led like a cow?

"Money is what drives you. If you help me, you can touch a lot of money."

It is common knowledge among common sense that wizards are rich.

Besides, men were also human beings who would do anything to make money, so there was no reason to refuse.

"Whoops, that's a lot of money. If it's an in-between amount, I'll quit halfway."

The man followed Arcane and left the prison. That's how one prisoner escaped from Inferno.



* * *



Shirone and the others rented an inn after organizing the materials they had collected at the library in a notebook. After two days of discussion, we were able to outline the principles of the Photon Cannon.

"Why does mass exist?"

If there is no mass, nothing changes. And it was a good world in its own way. Isn't it a big deal just because today is the same as yesterday?

But in the beginning there was mass. As if this world should be filled with some new things.

"Mass is not weight. Weight is a force that acts in the direction of gravity. There is no direction in space. So what is mass? cohesion? But I don't think even that is a complete explanation."

Nade asked.

"Then what do you think?"

The feeling in my head was clear. It was clear, but not clear.

"Existence."

"yes?"

"Proof that you are in this space. Isn't that what mass is?"

Life is the code only for living organisms. Perhaps mass is the true proof of existence that is used throughout the universe.

"Hmm. I hear it and it seems so. Like the will or breath of the Creator, for example."

Upon hearing Nade's words, Iruki snapped her fingers.

"God Particles."

"yes? what?"

"God Particles. isn't it okay The particles Shirone discovered are called God Particles."

"Oh, are you okay? Shirone, what do you think?"

Shirone always nodded. It was as if he had excavated something original rather than a word created by Yiruki, and he felt like it fit exactly into the omniscience he was feeling.

"I like it very much. And it matters."

"right. Because the wizard's omnipotence is linked to feelings. It is better to use a name that you like."

In that sense, God Particles was an excellent choice.

When the discussion was over, Iruki lay flat on the bed. His eyes were about to fall out from digging through books all day.

"Whoa, let's finish the analysis with this and go back to school tomorrow. Classes will start normally from the day after tomorrow, so let's prepare our minds. Surely you haven't forgotten your promise already?"

Nade chimed in.

"of course. Going up to Class Four this semester. From now on, I will study like crazy. In the worst-case scenario, Shirone could graduate first."

Maybe.

At first, it was said as a joke, but Nade and Iruki's faces became more and more serious.

At this rate, Shirone might graduate first. To that extent, the discovery of God Particles was a great achievement.

"Shirone, do you have any intention of going to school for one more year after graduation?"

"haha! What are you talking about? In the current situation, I am the one with the greatest chance of not keeping my promise. At least you guys are at the top."

Shirone's words were not wrong, but considering the growth rate alone, it was enough to make her feel a sense of crisis. It was a situation where a student who did not even know how to live was assuming graduation in half a year.

"I can't sleep. I'll study and sleep."

"uh? That, then me too!"

When Iruki got up from bed and opened the book, Ned took a seat at a table in the corner and began to study.

Even if the end comes tomorrow, Shirone was dumbfounded when his friends burned their passion for learning to play and see each other. However, he looked at them with warm eyes.

'I met some good friends.'

Shirone was the last of the three to open the book.



* * *



Kingdom Education Academic Society Teachers' Society.

The Kingdom Academic Conference, hosted by the Teachers Association, was a place where social and cultural workers such as magic schools, swordsmanship schools, monks of each denomination, schools, alchemy foundations, and the 99 elite artists gathered to present a vision of the kingdom.

Saad attended the academic conference as the representative of Alpheas Magic School. He was on the verge of losing his mind in a situation where discussions on the harmful effects and positive functions of infusion education continued for several days.

'Oh, damn it. Don't they even sleep? Let's go home.'

I attended because I was caught in the lottery, but I really hated it. He was a bully from his school days, and he was self-willed and nabal, and he was careful that he had nothing to do with education.

The fact that there were many decent female teachers was the only consolation. In particular, the woman sitting at the round table across from him was the perfect ideal type.

Everything was attractive, from the flowing blue hair to the playfulness that could not be hidden even in a suit.

'It looks good. Did I say Ogent Reina?'

He was a member of the 99 members, the best group of artists in the kingdom, and a musician who attended as a disciple of melodious pianist Merhen.

The discussion ended at 7pm.

When an evening party hosted by the teachers' association was held, the enthusiasm for discussion disappeared like a lie. The attendees were busy sipping wine and interacting with people from various fields.

In particular, there were high-ranking figures around Reina that even those who were not interested in the Teachers' Association would have heard of.

'I guess the phrase 'beauty is painful' is used in times like this.'

Saad overheard their conversation as he waited for his turn to speak. Most of them were cringingly authoritative words or jokes.

Reina responded kindly without losing her kind smile. She was an unexpected figure to Sade. It was because she had a bright personality that did not match the notoriety of the 99 members.

Art is a technique to deal with emotions, so the power to dominate the public was not at a level that even those in power could ignore.

In particular, due to the nature of the critical function of art, there were quite a few stubborn people among artists.

However, Reina was happily hanging out with people from all walks of life as if she had nothing to do with those rumors.

'Haa, it would have been nice if Shiina-sensei had only half of that personality.'

As I was sipping wine while thinking about that, Reina, who had finished the conversation, walked towards Sade.

"Hello, Mr. Sade."

"Ah yes! what? But do you know me?"

"of course. You are a teacher at Alpheas Magic School. Ogent's home is in Creas."

"Aha! Yes. I was blinking Nice to meet you."

The two of them talked for a long time in the joy of the trend. As Saad predicted, Reina had a bright and fun personality.

"By the way, is Shirone doing well?"

"Yes? How does Reina-san make Shirone? Oh, I see."

Sade, who was the teacher for grading the entrance exam in Shirone, recalled that the Ogent family was written where he was from.

"Shirone was a guest of the Ogent family. As expected, you have an excellent eye for people. Shirone is doing well. Well, although she had an accident recently."

"Yes? Are you buying? What kind of accident?"

When Raina opened her eyes wide, Sade felt sorry for her. Her pride would crumple when she found out that the Ogent family's pushy student had been suspended.

"Ahaha! No big deal. Since he is an outstanding student, even the smallest things are widely known. It's an accident in that sense."

"Aha, that was it."

Reina let out a sigh of relief. Even after hearing Sade's story, she could guess what kind of life Shirone was living.

"I'm glad you're doing well. Do you have many friends?"

"Sure. It is popular with both men and women. Sometimes I'm too envious. ha ha ha!"

"Hoo. Then maybe... ... ."

Reina, who was about to ask if she had a boyfriend, shook her head. As her supporter, it's a question she can do enough. But the questioner in her mind was not only borrowing the name of her benefactor.

"Yes? Any questions?"

"No. I'm glad you seem to be doing well."

"haha! Do not worry. It's hard to say this with my own mouth, but Alpheas Magic School is prestigious. You can leave it with peace of mind."

"Huh, that's right. I'm off topic. sorry."

"no. Rather, I was arrogant. How about going to Creas with me? I'm planning to leave in the morning. I will treat you to a nice lunch."

Reina shook her head with a sad expression.

"sorry. I think I will have to go back to Baska because the performance is scheduled."

"Oh, I see. this... ... ."

THAAD could not hide its regret. As usual, she would have let go without regret, but she was truly a woman to be missed.

"I can't help it. But I really want to see the performance. Would you mind giving us your schedule? I will go to Baska."

"Oh my, this is an honor. Actually, I was worried. I was wondering what to do if there are many vacancies because bad things happen in the capital."

"Oh, what happened to Baska?"

"They say that a dark mage raided Inferno and escaped a Class B wanted man. Right now, the capital is in a state of security that is comparable to martial law."

"dark... ... Are you a wizard?"

Sade's brow wrinkled. It may be one of many news, but if you think about it, it was a rare event.

Dark wizards are hard to find in the world these days. Besides, did you have to attack Inferno? And that's just to get one Class B wanted man out?

Dark Mage, Inferno, B-Class Wanted.

A scene from history passed through Sade's mind.

=======================================
[77] Return of the Archmage (4)





"Could you give me a little more detail?"

"The incident happened a week ago. The escaped prisoner is a man named Lucas, and he was the vice-captain of the parrot thieves before he was captured. The leader is currently wanted."

"Don't you know the impression of the person who attacked Inferno other than the escaped prisoner?"

"Um, well. I've only heard rumors. I heard that you are an old man with gray hair. It seems that there were 2 seeds. They say he got the prisoners out with dark magic. What was that, I think it was something of darkness... ... ."

"A power of darkness?"

"yes that's right! After all, you are a magic school teacher."

Reina raised her voice, but THAAD did not listen. dark magic. Inferno was also attacked by an old man who casts the Power of Darkness, an advanced technology.

'no way?'

Sad shook his head.

"sorry. Let's go first."

"Yes? Ah yes."

Being polite until the end was close to instinct. In Saad's eyes, neither the party nor the beautiful woman were visible anymore.

'Damn it! Of course, when I'm on a business trip!'

He said the jailbreak was a week ago. It would have been enough time to reach Creas if he had moved from Baska without stopping.

"carriage! carriage!"

After leaving the mansion, Sade got on any carriage waiting in line. Then she opened the window of the driver's seat and shouted.

"Until Creas! ASAP!"

"Cows, guests, and carriages here are all reserved. If you are not on the list, you cannot attend... ... ."

Since it was a wagon for a high-ranking official, he couldn't change his mind with a decent amount of money.

Saad searched his pockets and took out all the money he had.

"ruler! take it Are you going to go or not?"

The coachman, who counted the number of gold coins scattered on the box seat, immediately corrected his expression and prepared to set off.

"I will see you soon. Are you passing the night?"

"I need neither sleep nor rest! Please go quickly!"

The cheerful sound of horses hooves pounded the night air.

"Damn it! I shouldn't be late."

Saad leaned back against the backrest and touched his forehead. I wanted to leap by moving space, but I didn't have enough lives even if I had to cast it in a row in a foreign place where I didn't know the coordinates or the environment.

The fact that I couldn't do anything made me regain my composure. As the situation was understood, this time I had a question.

With what intention did he reappear in the world?

Sade has never met him or seen his face. However, the terrible bond he heard from Alfeas was vivid in his memory.

"Viltor Arcane... ... ."

Saad's eyes stared straight ahead, burning.



* * *



It was past 4:00 in the morning, and Canis and the others entered the training ground halfway up the mountain at Alpheas Magic School.

Although I had never attended a magic school, I could see that it was a top-notch facility as a disciple of an archmage.

A frivolous voice broke the silence.

"Whee, you built it well. You've been plastered with gold coins. How much are you going to pay for the land?"

Kanis frowned and turned his head. Lucas, a Class B wanted man, had a pair of parrot-engraved swords slung over her shoulders.

"Keep your voice down. The guards might be patrolling."

"What are you worried about? You can't cut it off. You can bury it."

Canis felt even worse. He was a human being who accompanied Master according to his will, but did not have a single favorite corner.

"Aren't you mistaken? you are hired by us If there is a setback in the operation, I will not leave you alone."

"Whoa, be scared. Kids these days are good. I met a great teacher and talked badly to adults."

Lucas slumps down on the training ground. Canis suppressed his anger as he did not interfere with the operation any longer.

'The most important thing is Master's revenge. Even if I don't like it, I have no choice but to endure it.'

Lucas asked, yawning.

"Why are we waiting here anyway? You have to go down to school anyway."

Arin expressed his disgust and said.

"Master will cast a spell. Because it's wide-area magic, we won't be safe if we get in range. He can go down first if he's confident, but hey."

Lucas shrugged. He was honest about wanting to avoid arcane magic.

"Hehe, don't be too angry, little girl. Your cute face looks ugly."

"Heh, it doesn't matter how you look or not."

"Shouldn't you be dating my uncle? I can teach you something more fun than magic."

Canis cut off the conversation just as Arin, who was blushing, couldn't stand it and was about to shout.

"quiet. This is the beginning."

Canis and the others' gaze turned to the sky. Arcane was floating in the center of the moon with fly magic cast.

Fly is a fusion magic that simultaneously uses two air-type presses and blows. First, press-type magic creates solid air pressure around it, and then blow-type magic generates wind to generate lift. Thanks to the merit of flying, it is classified as overpowered, but since the wind changes in real time, a delicate sense was essential.

As the darkness came and covered the moon, Arcane's concentrated eyes opened. Combining omniscience and omnipotence, he spread his limbs and cast Abyss Nova, the masterpiece of his life.

There were no roars and no terrifying aftershocks, but the sight of darkness covering the school was spectacular.

When the effect of Abyss Nova spread to the outskirts of the magic school disappeared, the moon appeared again and the son-in-law became brighter.

"Whoa. Whoa."

Arcane let out a heavy breath. It was a gigantic magic that required 90% of his mental power to be consumed even by the great wizard.

'It must be difficult to raise for the time being.'

Arcane turned and headed for the mountain. He had a hard time even maintaining his fly magic, but his rage grew stronger.

As long as Abyss Nova spreads, there is no one to disturb him. Besides, didn't he raise disciples in preparation for such a situation?

"Cheuk, wait, Alfeas. I will let you taste the humiliation of 40 years ago."

The dark night passed, and a faint light was rising from the eastern foot of the mountain.

Dark Intruder (1)





It was the last day of suspension. After studying until dawn at the inn, Shirone and the others woke up long after morning. After making fun of each other for a while, they took a bath.

By the time I returned the books to the library and went to school, lunch break was over. It was class time, so the campus was quiet, and cleaners were sweeping the stone roads.

"This is the end, our vacation."

"What about vacation? Is a suspension a vacation?"

"You had fun, though. what are you going to do now?"

Shirone turned to the inn and said.

"I'm going to go in and start tidying up the room. I have class tomorrow, so I have to clean it up today."

"Anyway, I need to know what to be strict about. okay. Then we'll be at the study group, so come if you're bored."

"yes. See you later."

After parting with her friends, Shirone returned to her lodgings. While he was preparing for the recital, the room was a mess because he wasn't paying attention. He rolled up his sleeves and started cleaning, putting his class materials in order into the bookshelf, and finally shaking his hands.

A one-week suspension that came without notice.

But I did gain something. No, it was a realization beyond what I had learned so far in school.

'It's finally normal class. I hope tomorrow comes soon.'

It was only natural that my progress was delayed, and I intended to focus on my classes even if I had to reduce my study group activities for the time being.

'Nade and Iruki must be the same.'

The eyes of the friends I saw at the inn were burning with a passion for learning. It was thanks to the clear goal of being promoted to Class Four by the end of this semester.

At the end of each semester, Alpheas Magic School decides who will be promoted by reflecting the grades of the first half, and the cutoff was 80 points or more in all subjects. It was a terrifying level of difficulty where you had to score 80 points or more in all subjects, not an average of 80 points.

Of course, it was not an impossible score, but it was true that it was difficult for any student. This is because there are bound to be weak subjects depending on individual aptitude.

Nevertheless, the school's educational policy was firm.

Acquiring knowledge in all fields to a certain level or higher before entering a major.

So, if you were a graduate of a magic school, you had to see that you could use all the basic magic of each series. It was also the reason why graduates were given preferential treatment in the forefront of the magical society.

Not all current wizards graduated from magic schools. The percentage of students from non-magical schools who became disciples of wizards, gained enlightenment, or learned magic through the dark route could not be ignored.

Their strengths are that they have a lot of experience in the field and use magic suitable for practice. However, there were also disadvantages of lack of understanding of magic and low potential for development compared to those who graduated from magic schools.

Who to hire depends on the nature of the job, but it was true that graduates from magic schools had an advantage in getting a job. As such, the 80 points presented by the school was a standard considering the modern social situation.

"Sigh. So what? In my case, it means that you have to raise your average by at least 30 points."

No matter what realization Shirone had, this was a school. In order to be promoted, a score of 80 or more was required.

It is not impossible if you use the framework of knowledge. In addition, if you prepare for the presentation and reinforce the knowledge you have gained while studying God Particles, your score will increase significantly.

But even considering that, I thought the probability of being promoted was about 30 percent.

'No, isn't it rather great? If it's 30% to be promoted to Class 4 in half a year.'

Shirone thought positively. Isn't that a good enough chance to try? If Nade and Iruki are promoted and only you remain in Class 5... ... The thought alone was terrifying.

In addition, once you enter Class Four, you will be able to apply for the senior class. In that case, she would also keep her promise to Amy.

"Ugh! hit! Amy!"

We never met after the presentation. At the time, she was so excited that she didn't even think about finding her.

'Oh, I should have said hello. I was too careless.'

Amy was a grateful friend who supported me whenever I faced a difficult challenge. She said she would be her strength this time. As she walks out of her lodgings with such thoughts, it is in Shirone's eyes that her playfulness is childish.

"Whoops! Will you be surprised?"



* * *



Shirone headed for her senior year with two cups of coffee in each hand. One belonged to Amy, and the other belonged to Seriel. A bitter smile appeared on her lips as she recalled the past of running Amy's coffee errands.

'At that time, I really thought the world was collapsing.'

Looking back, it was a bad relationship.

Who knew that the poor girl I met in an alley at the age of twelve would now be friends with?

Shirone climbed the hill of the senior class. An arch called a steel door stood at the entrance. I didn't know it when I saw it from a distance, but it was a much bigger structure than I thought.

'This is the pinnacle of magic school.'

Passing under the structure that symbolizes the wizard's spirit, Shirone's heart somehow became solemn.

When the 6th period class ended, the seniors came out. Shirone shouted when he found Amy and Seriel conversing on the main porch.

"Amy! Amy!"

The seniors turned their heads, but Amy and Seriel were still engrossed in the conversation as if they hadn't heard. Then, Shirone, who was playful, went behind her and held out coffee in front of Amy's eyes.

"Voila! Surprise!"

Amy opened her eyes wide in surprise. Shirone gave her coffee to Seriel with her big smile.

"Here, I also have seniors. Eat this and cheer up!"

Seriel tilted her head. Amy blinked her eyes as well, and she said with a frown.

"What are you? Who is giving us coffee?"

=======================================
[78] Dark Uninvited Guest (2)





Shirone thought that Amy was kicking back as a joke.

"Sorry. Are you surprised? I didn't say it to surprise you. How is your senior class?"

Amy showed a look of caution. Then, when Shirone tried to come closer, she hurriedly slapped him on the arm. The two cups of coffee she was holding flew away.

Shirone put on a blank expression. I couldn't see this as a joke. Amy's face was also flushed red, as if she were really angry.

"Who are you doing this to? And while you say you are a senior to Seriel, why are you talking mean things to me?"

Seriel also showed a displeased look, as if this wasn't the case.

"Are you in the advanced class? No matter how interested you are, isn't this kind of approach a little out of place? And you should use respectful words for seniors. what is this? Not even a fly."

Shirone was dumbfounded. Amy and Seriel were acting as if they didn't know themselves.

"Seriel-senpai, this is me, Shirone. don't you know me? Amy, do I really not know? Are you kidding me?"

"How do I know you? If you are a student, please study. Annoyingly, can't you tell the time and place? Do I look that easy?"

Amy grabbed Shirone by the collar. I was really annoyed. She thought that by the time she reached her senior year, she would say goodbye to all the troublesome men, and then she would come after her.

'I wanted to be quiet for a while, but it's starting again. This is all because the child is not changing. He hangs out with strange kids and goes around doing nonsense... ... .'

Amy muttered inwardly and tilted her head.

'what? the child? Who is that?'

There must have been a certain person involved in the reason why the male students at Chigeundae dropped out, but I couldn't remember.

Caught by the collar, Shirone felt as though her heart had been pierced. There was no intimacy in Amy's eyes.

"no... ... This is not it."

Shirone shook Amy's hand that was holding her by the collar.

"no! Do not lie!"

"Ouch."

Amy clenched her wrist and put on a painful expression. However, Shirone shouted as if he hated even that appearance.

"Why are you pretending not to know! what did i do wrong If you don't like it, just say no! If it's like this, I'm offended too!"

"you! go away!"

Seriel pushed Shirone away. Since it was Seriel and no one else, Shirone couldn't even resist and stomped on his butt.

"Why are you bullying my friend? Even for seniors! where is your class Do you really want to get scolded?"

Shirone looked up at her with a world-lost face.

'Siriel... ... .'

Amy's best friend. With her outstanding skills, she always topped the list, but she was a natural girl who would shed tears while watching her romance novels. She remembers Shirone. The way she enthusiastically cheered her on whenever she took on a tough challenge.

But now she was a completely different person. Her eyes were on fire and her pursed lips were tinged with hostility.

Shirone shook her head. He wasn't unbelievable, he didn't want to believe. This could never happen.

"no! It was a lie!"

Shirone slipped to his feet and ran. I felt like I would go crazy if I stayed here for even one second.

"Don't come again! If you mess around like this one more time, I'll tell the teacher!"

Seriel, who made a trumpet and shouted, said to Amy, frowning as if she was still angry.

"Ugh, what kind of kids are there? Her face looks gentle, but she is very tenacious. oh my, Amy. Are you okay?"

"yes? Oh, it's okay."

Amy, lost in thought, suddenly came to her senses. But she still felt uneasy. It was because she felt a strange longing for Shirone as she walked away.

"Who are you? Are you acting like you really know me?"

"I guess I just pretended to be crazy and bumped into it. Because there are a lot of kids like that these days. Unsympathetic to try to cross someone."

"is it?"

"Anyway, I'll go in. Hey, I was going to talk to you for a while, but the break time was over because of the weird kid."

Even in the same graduating class, they had different majors, so it was difficult for them to find time to ask each other's regards if they didn't make time for each other.

As Seriel entered the classroom, Amy followed. But she stopped going into the front door and looked back at the place where Shirone had run.

"... ... ."

Until the class bell rang, she stayed in her seat.



* * *



'Why are you doing that! What is the reason!'

Shirone ran like crazy. After passing through the steel door and arriving at the advanced class building, the class bell rang and students entered the classroom.

"Mark! Mark!"

Mark, who was flirting with Maria, turned his head. Shirone ran up to him and asked him.

"Mark! do you know me Who am I! Tell me quickly!"

Mark looked back at Maria, embarrassed. But she shrugged her shoulders as if Maria didn't know either.

"there... ... who are you?"

Shirone's heart started beating like crazy. He couldn't figure out what the hell had happened to him.

"it's me. It's me."

"So who are you? I need to talk to know."

"it's me! It's Shirone! Class Five! I took the test with you too! Do you really not know?"

Mark's expression wrinkled. However, he couldn't argue with the class five and bowed his head politely.

"Ah yes. I'm sorry I didn't know."

"That's not it! Why are you treating me that way!"

What are you saying to yourself? I wanted to get rid of it according to my nature, but I couldn't because there was attention from others.

"You guys, class started, but you didn't go in. What are you doing?"

Shiina was walking from the hallway. Shirone rushed to her in her mood to meet her savior.

"Teacher! It's me, Shirone!"

If it was Shiina-sensei, there was no way she would forget herself. because she is strong She's a certified 6th class wizard. But her return words were cruel.

"Shirone? There is no such student in the advanced class. who are you?"

"Sir, don't you know me? This is Shirone."

Shiina looked back at her memories. But she was a name she didn't know, a face she didn't know.

"I think something went wrong. I hadn't heard of a freshman coming. Are you really a student at our school?"

Mark and Maria's eyes changed sharply. Shirone, who suddenly became a suspicious person, suddenly became frightened.

"I'm sorry! I was mistaken!"

"Hey! Stop there!"

Leaving behind Shiina's voice, Shirone desperately ran away. I seemed to know now. what happened

Everyone has forgotten themselves.

"Ugh, black... ... ."

I felt like a lost child. he was infinitely weak. I felt afraid of everything in the world.

After entering Eastas, Shirone got lost three times before arriving at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.

'My friends will be fine. Of course, why not?'

Hadn't we been exchanging jokes just a few hours ago? Even if everyone in the world forgot, they deserved to be remembered.

When I opened the door and entered, Ned and Iruki were chatting. Then, when she saw Shirone, she made a surprised expression.

"Nade, Iruki, it's me. I am Shirone."

My friends just blinked their eyes without answering. As the dam of emotions that had been blocked up until now collapsed, Shirone's face turned into a tear-stain.

"Why are you not talking? do you remember me You haven't forgotten, have you?"

Nade looked back at Iruki. Then he came over to Shirone scratching her head.

"there... ... who are you?"

Tears glistened in Shirone's eyes.

"I really don't know? We were together until now. We studied together yesterday and the day before!"

"I'm sorry, but we don't know you. Did another research society send it to spy on you? Please don't mess around and leave."

Iruki shouted as if he had suddenly realized.

"for a moment! Maybe that's possible. How did you find the path to Istas? tell me soon! Who the hell are you?"

"You, you... ... ."

Shirone's lower lip protruded. I couldn't stop crying anymore. No, I didn't even want to bear it.

"pooh... ... ."

Air leaked from Nade's mouth. Then he grabbed her stomach and burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! did you see Did you see this expression? This is a complete masterpiece!"

"saw! saw! Totally terrified, you, you... ... . Ha ha ha! Shirone, what are you trying to do by making me laugh?"

Nade laughed so much that he grabbed his aching stomach and staggered.

"Uh-huh, uh-huh! Oh, the more I think about it, the more I go crazy! Why the hell would you do this... ... Ha ha ha!"

Shirone did not understand the situation. I couldn't even tell if it was real or a dream.

"What, do you remember me?"

"What nonsense are you talking about? Did you suddenly have a nightmare? Do you know how funny your face is right now? Fuhahaha!"

Shirone's pulse went out of whack. It felt like the boulder on his chest had finally rolled off.

"Ah, sir! Then you don't have to talk! Why the hell did you pretend not to know?"

"When I came in, the expression on my face was so funny that I was joking around. you were like this me, it's me It's Shirone."

When Nade imitated Shirone, Iruki hit the floor again and fell to his stomach. Shirone, who didn't even have the energy to criticize, sat down and covered her face with her hands.

"Whoa, I thought you were really scared to death."

"Sit down for a moment. What is it?"

Sitting on the sofa, Shirone enthusiastically confessed the situation from a moment ago. At first, the children, who were foolish, became serious when the topic of Shiina-sensei came out.

"Hmm, you mean you don't even know Shiina-sensei? There's no way the teacher was playing a joke."

Nade couldn't believe it at all.

"Is that really possible?"

"It is possible with spirit-type magic. Of course, it is questionable whether it is possible to manipulate the memories of all students."

"Because it is possible. I've been through it myself."

Iruki calmed down the pounding Shirone.

"okay. don't get excited just because it is Anyway, I believe in what you say. It means people have lost their memories of you."

said Nade.

"But we do remember. Could this passage be a hint for the situation?"

"I think so. I can only think of one reason why we haven't forgotten Shirone. That I haven't been to school for two days. What the hell happened while we were gone?"

Shirone and the others were lost in thought. While they were gone, someone manipulated the minds of not only the students but also the teachers? It was an assumption that didn't make sense right away.

"Maybe something supernatural has happened? If you look at the examples, there are quite a few similar things historically."

Iruki was skeptical.

"Well. Although I think that case has to do with magic too. Anyway, if that's the case, how does that explain why we haven't lost our memories?"

"Maybe it was because I was in Estas. We've been here ever since we broke up with Shirone."

Shirone asked.

"What does that have to do with Estas?"

"It has been rumored that Estas has mystical powers for a long time. Of course, it's a rumor, but I'm trying to do everything I can think of. It has to do with our personal affairs."

said Iruki.

"That means there's a chance we'll lose our memories too."

"Because it can't be predicted."

Silence passed. It would be sad that people couldn't remember, but it was also a problem that they lost their memories.

Nade spoke courageously.

"still... ... Would you like to go out and see?"

"Well, it's not something that can be solved by hiding, right?"

Friends were right. However, Shirone, who had already been through terrible things, did not like it.

"Then what if you all forget me too? I might really go crazy by then."

"Let's do this. to be marked in advance. Even if you lose your memory, you can avoid the worst."

=======================================
[79] Dark Uninvited Guest (3)





Nade picked up a pen and wrote something in the palm of his hand. Friends who were watching her also engraved the same inscription.



- I lost my memory. A person who knows the keywords is a trustworthy person. The keyword is the North Star.



Shirone and the others spread their palms in satisfaction. If you mark it like this, even if you lose your memory, you will cooperate.

"Okay, okay? Let's go out now."

Having regained her confidence, Shirone escaped from Istas.

After class, students were going to and from the campus. When I regained my composure and looked around, there were not one or two strange things.

Students who would normally walk around in groups of three, three, five, were moving individually. What was strangest of all was the fact that the lines of movement were jumbled even though he was busy walking.

"Guys, those people... ... ."

"Know. I felt it too. There is no destination. Aren't you just walking around as you please?"

Nade found someone he knew in the crowd. He was Gabe, Class Five's motive.

"Hey, Gabe. Where are you going?"

Gabe has arrived. Then he asked in a dry tone, as if he were talking to someone he had never seen before.

"Who are you?"

Nade pursed his lips. But since she had already heard what Shiro had been through, she didn't mind and asked her questions first.

"No, done. Where are you going?"

"Where am I going?"

Nade said, beating his chest in frustration.

"You were on your way now. Where is your destination?"

"I?"

Gabe looked down at his legs. Then he began to look around him like a man who had suddenly realized himself.

"here is... ... Where are you?"

"Hey, calm down. Why are you doing this? what happened in the past few days? Did you see any suspicious people?"

"Could you... ... I know?"

"Of course you know. How can you not know?"

Gabe's face went pale. He suddenly approached and grabbed Nade by the shoulder and shook him.

"Then tell me! Who am I? No, where the hell are you? me... ... what is my name?"

As a terrified Gabe clutched his head, Nade slowly backed away and prepared for the unexpected. Fortunately, Gabe didn't turn aggressive. He was just going crazy.

"What are you talking about? I hear a strange noise! Why do I keep hearing this!"

Gabe's tongue began to twist as he shouted as he looked around. Suddenly, a strange sound that I couldn't understand at all came out.

Shirone's eyes widened in shock. Gabe realized what state he was in. On the other hand, Iruki listened to the sounds around him as if he hadn't noticed yet.

"What do you hear? Is it hallucination?"

Shirone said in a trembling voice.

"No, you are listening to your own voice."

"what? Your own voice?"

"I can't remember the language. You spit out the words out of habit, but you don't know the meaning. So I have no choice but to be afraid."

Gabe had completely forgotten the language system. He finally uttered a sound like a caveman, as if he had forgotten even the syllables.

Shirone and the others were creepy. Judging from the speed at which the mind degenerated, the memory was fading quite quickly.

As time passed, Gabe's voice faded, his eyes lost their vitality, and eventually he lost his ability to exercise. At the same time... ... Everyone in the street stopped moving.

A terrifying silence came to the magic school. As if a wax figure had been set up, no one showed any signs of moving.

"why... ... What happened?"

"Anyway, we're all right. I can't be optimistic, but there's room for a little more investigation."

Shirone looked at the people one by one. It felt like the world stopped, like Armin's stop magic. But time was definitely passing. Besides, seeing that people blinked every once in a while, I wasn't even frozen.

"I think... ... It stopped."

If it was a kind of magic, it was a more dangerous effect than the stop. You can pose a threat to your opponent. Even a child could have harmed everyone in this room if he put his mind to it.

The three walked into the crowd and did some experiments. When he tickled his junior, he burst into laughter. However, as soon as the tickling stopped, it returned to a firm expression. He blinked his eyelids as he threatened to stab him in the eye. It was said that the nerves were alive.

"Oh, I guess you just stopped thinking. Is this unusual?"

"Then, it means that physical strength also has its limits. You won't last long standing still. What are you doing?"

"Who has done this before? Let's look around a little more."

Shirone and the others headed north. It was to make sure that seniors and teachers with high magic levels were in the same situation.

By the time we reached the uphill road, seniors were slipping through the arch of the steel gate.

Shirone and the others hid themselves in the bush.

The fact that only the senior class was moving in a situation where everyone could not move was reason enough to be wary.

In the crowd of seniors, I saw a face I hadn't seen before.

It was a man and a woman who seemed to be the same age as Shirone, and a man who was wearing twin swords that didn't match at all with the magic school.

Lucas whistled and smirked.

"Hwiyu, I've seen many gruesome scenes in my life, but this is the first time I've seen such a dreary scene. Aren't they all turned into zombies?"

Abyss Nova is a magic that blocks the memories of people exposed to Nova within 24 hours. It was not an exaggeration to say that it was an inanimate magic because thinking is impossible without memory. The order in which the memories were blocked was from the most recent to the most impressive.

It was Arin's mission to lead those whose memories were blocked. Specializing in spirit-type magic, she brought senior class students to the campus where Shirone and the others encountered Gabe.

'The shadow of capture.'

And there he cast his magic again. She pierced people's shadows as her shadows meandered like tentacles.

A unique form that does not exist in four ways. However, it was a tentacle type called standard for spirit-type wizards.

The tentacle type is much more flexible than the four type because it uses the spirit zone by unwinding it like a thin thread.

 However, it took a long time, and it took at least 20 minutes to pass all the shadows of the advanced students.

While Arin was working, Lucas passed the time by judging the female students. Since they were nobles, all of them had pale skin and smelled good. Scanning her figure with a viper's eye, Lucas stopped when he saw a woman he liked.

"Oh my. See this?"

Even in the state of losing her memory, she was a girl with clear eyes. She was retro-styled, with her reddish bangs falling over one eye, but her look was the best of her students.

"There must be some personality. I like ferocious women."

The moment Lucas's hand reached out to Amy, Canis grabbed him by the shoulder and turned him around.

"Lucas, stop it. Please refrain from doing anything rude."

"what? Lucas, can you stop? Are you talking to me just now?"

"I won't let you go if you do useless things."

"pooh!"

Lucas let out a weak laugh. Has the status of the parrot bandits fallen this far?

"Hey, what's so serious? From what I've heard, it's a revenge play anyway. Why don't we have some fun?"

"This is revenge to regain Master's pride. I will not forgive you for doing bad things."

"What if I don't forgive you? Would you like to stick around here?"

"I will terminate the employment contract."

"haha! Little boy, you seem to be mistaken, but I was hired by Arcane, not by you."

"It's like anything. Arin is casting Shadow of Capture. Any behavior that interferes with the operation is subject to dismissal. Of course, if you are dissatisfied with that... ... ."

A whirlwind of abyss arose in Canis' pupils.

"I will kill you on the spot."

Lucas sighed and stepped back. Having defeated countless wizards before becoming the vice-captain of the parrot thieves, he knew how dangerous it was to show hostility in the Spirit Zone.

"I am Quit. Anyway, if I don't pay, I'm the only one who loses."

"Tell me clearly. If you interfere with our work one more time, then I will not stand it."

"The co-workers are very strict with each other. A person called a teacher can't even poke his nose. Where have you been?"

"Master is making important preparations. Simple things like this mean we can work it out ourselves."

Arcane was currently in hiding and recovering the mental power that had been exhausted by Abyss Nova. However, Kanis hid the fact because it wouldn't do any good to tell him.

"Nungnung, I'm sure you'll be fine."

Lucas's eyes shone intensely for a short moment after answering evasively and turning around.

'Hey, I'm sure he's hiding somewhere.'

Lucas was quick about the magician's equivalent exchange. If it was a magic that blocked hundreds of people's memories, it was a level that ordinary wizards couldn't even try. Even if he was a great wizard, it was clear that he would not be able to use his full power for a while.

'It's only now that you're bluffing, kid. There's no way I'll miss this fun opportunity, right?'

After Arin's work was finished, the senior and advanced students started to move together. Only after they got out of sight did Shirone and the others get out of the bush. From what I've seen, it seems that he intends to take the entire school somewhere.

"Who the heck are those?"

"I don't have time to think. It won't be much for a while, but I don't know what they'll do when they reach their destination. Besides, even the teachers were arrested."

Shirone said.

"I thought the magic the girl cast was dark magic. If so, is the current situation something they did?"

"I think the chances of that happening are slim. In order to cast magic of this magnitude, John's size must be enormous. Two of the three are too young, and one is likely not a wizard, as he is carrying a weapon."

"You mean there is a third person?"

"I guess so. For now, let's just focus on tracking. If someone is in a dangerous situation, it's not too late to act."

"To take control of the magic school? He's crazy. Moreover, it is dark magic... ... ."

With an unknown ominous feeling, Shirone and the others followed the uninvited guests.



* * *



Etella stayed at the training center wearing the same outfit as yesterday. Her eyebrows twitched as she didn't even move in her cross-legged position. Her brow wrinkled and her nose twisted. Biting off her molars, she began to vibrate violently, causing veins to form in her neck.

Deed deed deed deed.

The building shook following Etela's body. Dust poured down as the walls and ceiling vibrated. Finally opening her eyes, she let out her rough breath and collapsed in front of her.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

Etela's whole body was wet with cold sweat as she struggled all night with Simma who came to her at dawn.

'What was it?'

It was the kind that penetrated people's heads and blocked their memories, although I didn't know exactly. Dark magic belongs to the orthodox school, but the malice contained in the magic was strong enough to push Etela's vigilance to the extreme. Had it not been for the laws of the Charcian order, she would have lost her memory forever.

'It's dark magic. But they must be strictly forbidden on campus.'

Etella checked the time. It was summer, so it was as bright as daytime, but it was time to stay even after school was over.

'You mean you've been trapped in Shimma for over 12 hours?'

Considering Etela's pure and pure spirit, it was a very powerful magic. What's even more shocking is that even though she completely skipped class, no one came to visit.

It's not just you.

Ethella, who had gone so far in her thoughts, ran out of the training center without even having time to change her clothes.



* * *



A flash of light passed over the magic school. Then, as if attracted by a magnet, it bent toward the ground and plummeted. One man landed without even a sound of impact.

=======================================
[80] Dark Uninvited Guest (4)





"damn! Are you late?"

Sade, who had been riding a carriage all night, used space travel as soon as she entered Creas and arrived at the front door. As expected, the guards just stood there, not showing any reaction.

It was dark magic.

It is also of a very high level.

'I have to find Master first.'

Sad turned to the teachers' quarters. But before he had even taken ten steps, he heard a roar from the sky that was characteristic of space travel.

At the same time as Sade, alerted, entered the Spirit Zone, Etela descended on the light.

"Teacher Ethella! How are things?"

When Saad, who had just returned from a business trip, asked a question as if he knew what had happened at the school, Ethella was puzzled. However, he was fighting for time, so he went straight to the point.

"I think I was struck by dark magic. All the students and teachers lost their memories."

I expected it, but when it came to reality, THAAD was staggering. No matter how crazy he is, he raided Alpheas Magic School, one of the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom.

"There is no time. Please tell me the situation first."

"When I searched through the Spirit Zone, all the students were climbing the mountain. Looking at the direction, it seems to be the bridge you can't cross. There are 3 leaders and 3 people tailing them. Among teachers... ... I guess I was the only one who barely got out."

Arcane's dark magic has risen to the ranks of the archmage, but since Etella is also the bishop of the Karsis Monastery, she would not have been able to control her mind. She explained what Sade knew, thinking that she was lucky.

"I will tell you quickly. The person who did this was Viltor Arcane. This is the great wizard who disturbed the world 40 years ago."

"I have heard of it. Why would such a person go to magic school... ... ?"

Sade bit her lip. He was in the bad personal history of his mentor, Alfeas. However, the only person she could rely on now was Etella, and if she was her own person, she would accept her without prejudice.

"Viltor Arcane is the principal's teacher."

Ethella blinked. However, as THAAD expected, he did not imagine more than what he had heard.

"okay. But I don't think there are any Arcanes among those taking the students. I don't know what's going on, but it's better to save the students first."

"It's not possible. As Miss Etella must have felt, it's not easy to get rid of mental magic. If you try to save her students one by one, you'll end up backfired."

"You can't just leave it alone."

"They said there were three people tailing them. Can you guess who it is?"

"I couldn't be sure, but... ... Maybe it could be Shirone."

"Is it Shiro?"

The moment I heard Etella's words, I immediately thought of Sade. The point at which Arcane's magic was cast would be around 24 hours. The only students who could be out of school during that time were the suspended Shirone and the others.

"I'm not sure because I haven't checked the appearance. But in terms of temperament, they were like Shirone, Nade, and Iruki."

"Perhaps it is. Those kids will be fine for a while. They're smart kids, so they'll know what to do. Rather, leave it to the children and Mr. Etella, please find Arcane."

"What are you going to do, Mr. Sade?"

"I will find the principal. The priority is to find Master and remove the dark magic."

Ethella nodded in agreement.

"I know. Then I will find Arcane."

Sade looked back at the ridge. The land of the magic school was so large that I had no idea where Arcane was.

"Hundreds of people were hit simultaneously. A magic of this magnitude would have exhausted his mental power considerably. It's most likely hiding in an uninhabited place. It will be quicker to search around the mountain. What is the radius of the spirit zone when expanded in zoner mode?"

"Well, about two kilometers in diameter."

THAAD, who calculated the estimate, nodded.

"At least five points and you'll be fine. Please patrol based on the training ground. I will go to school."

"Yes. I will capture Arcane and save the students."

"Don't push yourself too hard. Arcane is... ... ."

Sade swallowed. Even if she says her opponent is strong, she will only burn her sense of duty. Who else would you trust if you didn't trust Jonah, the Bishop of the Order of Carsis and recognized by the state?

"no. please."

Sade, feeling the responsibility as a disciple of Alpheas, bowed his head in place of his master. Then Ethella shook her head with a shy smile.

"I don't know what it is, but I am also a teacher at this school. I will do my best for my students."

"Yes. then... ... ."

From now on, it was a race against time.

As Sade teleported and flew towards the school, Etela took a deep breath and concentrated.

As the sequence of events went up at super high speed, the spirit zone expanded. As Jonner's unique expansiveness unfolded, everything within a two kilometer radius was felt through synesthesia.

'First, to the 26th training ground.'

Etela's body turned into light and flew to the top of the mountain. It was she who covered one kilometer in one space shift.



Wizard's Battle (1)





Canis and the others gathered the memory-blocked people at the starting point of the bridge they couldn't cross.

After completing the mission, Arin's face was pale. Even if she was affected by Abyss Nova, moving hundreds of humans to mind control was an enormous amount of hard work.

Nade, who was watching Canis and the others in the bush, said.

"Why are you here? It's just a bridge and a cliff."

"I don't know. Aren't you waiting for someone?"

Iruki said, pointing his fingers one by one.

"Cliffs, mind control, scoundrels. If you look at these three factors alone, the answer is obvious. I'm thinking of dropping you off a cliff."

"What? Why are you doing such crazy things?"

"Logically, it makes no sense. There's nothing to be gained by dropping the student. But what about emotional issues? Something like resentment or revenge."

Shirone thought it made sense. Also, if he really did, he wasn't good at waiting like this.

"We have to step in before that happens. Maybe we should fight."

Nothing happened for 10 minutes. The students and teachers were standing in a state of mind control, while Canis and Arin looked out over the cliff and waited for their master.

"Are you really okay, Canis? You searched all over the school, but you couldn't bring Alfeas, right?"

"I can't help it. Master also told you to be especially careful when you meet Alfeas. We just have to do what we can."

"still... ... I think I'm going to get scolded somehow."

Kanis looked back at Arin with a displeased face.

"scale. Master is a good person. Don't worry, I'll never scold you for something like this."

Lucas, who had been listening to the conversation between the two, began to get annoyed. Although he came as a large sum of money, he did not know that he would commit terrorism against the entire magic school.

Considering the difficulty of the mission, the advance payment was small. Besides, Arcane had not yet appeared even though it was well past the appointed time.

"hey. When the hell is your master coming? Could it be that he ran away?"

It was an incident that raided the five most prestigious families in the kingdom. Considering that most of the students were first-class nobles, even if this incident ended safely, the aftermath would be enormous. Even the archmage couldn't rule out the possibility that he might have run away in fear.

"Don't judge Master carelessly. Because you're not the kind of person to talk about it."

"Sigh. I'm so stupid."

Lucas scratched his head angrily. Then he suddenly raised his head and glared at Canis with viper eyes he hadn't seen before.

"Do you think I look so easygoing?"

Arin, who has excellent emotional sensitivity, hurriedly retreated as the hostility beyond the normal level surged. On the other hand, Kanis had a calm expression. If it was this look, he had suffered countless times in Radum.

'Is it the evil eye?'

It paralyzes the central nervous system by hitting the diencephalon with the gaze, and it was one of the schema skills that are expressed through actual combat experience and innate tendencies rather than training. Just by looking at the way he used Sarn, he could guess what kind of life Lucas lived.

"It's over when you look at me as a child. You'd better be careful with your words from now on. He said something about the contract, but isn't it on your side that the work is delayed?"

Canis couldn't even refute this time. Why is Master not coming? It was obviously strange that he, who had been waiting for this day more than anyone else, would be late.

As Canis remained silent and reaped his fighting spirit, Lucas also solved the case. Anyway, it was still one team, and more than anything else, there was still work to be paid.

'I wasn't following you from the beginning.'

Lucas looked back at those affected by Abyss Nova. Their metabolism is normal, so there is not much time left for them to stand still. It will be more complicated to deal with if stamina starts to go down first.

"Hey, why don't you just kill it now? Even if you faint, it'll be difficult. You can't even throw them away."

Lucas was hired as a professional swordsman. A mage was good for reaping the lives of many, but nothing was better than a swordsman for decapitating the survivors one by one. In the end, when his stamina was depleted, it all belonged to Lucas, so he was thinking of reducing the number in advance.

"Not until Master comes. The core of the operation is to annihilate them in front of Alpheas."

"Sheesh, then let's have some fun. After a while, everything will fall off the cliff anyway."

Canis glared at him as if he was disgusted, but there was no reason to stop him in the current situation. A native of Radum, he knows how dangerous a man like Lucas can be. In the end, Lucas will have to do what he wants. He shuddered at it.

"A piece of trash."

Lucas' steps stopped abruptly. He should have killed Kanis in the first matter. Because the human brain adapts to shock, repeating the subject to the same subject was less effective.

"Keuk, do you know why I hate you? You pretend to have some great beliefs. You and I are just criminals. After today, you too will become a murderer who exterminated hundreds of people."

"I don't keep my beliefs because I want to be great. I just hate people like you."

"haha? so? You know what's really disgusting? They're weak and talkative. What if you are disgusted?"

Lucas turned around and grabbed Shiina by the neck. Her face contorted, she lifted her body with one hand and took her stride to the precipice of the impassable bridge.

"Once you kill one person, you will know. That you are trash just like me."

Lucas held out his arms, and Shiina's legs swayed off the cliff. A groaning noise erupted from his mouth.

"This woman is fine too. It's a shame to kill her, but... ... ."

Lucas relaxed his hands and dropped Shiina. At the same time, sparks flew in his eyes. Feels like fluff. It was a stimulus unique to the Spirit Zone that only schema users could feel.

'Where is it?'

A sensitive nervous system picked up the focus of the Spirit Zone. He flew into the air and there was a pop and explosion where his right knee had been. Had he been hit squarely, his bones would have been broken.

As soon as he landed, Lucas did a somersault and stepped back. Even if you couldn't guess the radius of the spirit zone, keeping the distance as much as possible was the standard before the Archmage.

=======================================
[81] Wizard's Battle (2)





Nade and Iruki, who cast teleportation, appeared in front of the cliff of a bridge that could not be crossed. The eyes of the two people who watched Shiina's humiliation were burning with fire.

"How dare you, the teacher... ... ."

"What, there were some fine guys, right? Anyway, sorcerers... ... ."

Lucas felt the same way. To think that a person with the name of a great wizard made the mistake of missing the target. Besides, all sane humans had to deal with themselves.

"Was that woman a teacher? I'm sorry. She should have almost arrived by now. it's on the ground Kuck."

The moment Lucas finished speaking, Shirone hugged Shiina from the bottom of the cliff and teleported up. His eyes were no different from those of his friends. How far must he fall before he can drop a man down a cliff?

"I will not forgive you."

Lucas didn't even listen. The escalating situation was just annoying.

"hey. What are you going to do? Is this also part of the operation?"

Lucas made it clear who was responsible. It's because he can come out when he pays the balance. Canis also did not evade. In the absence of Arcane, he was the leader.

"Arin, stay back."

"But Canis... ... ."

"You don't have to step out. Focus on the task of controlling people. I'll take care of it myself."

It was unreasonable to fight hundreds of people with mental control. As Arin hid among the people, Canis, relieved, approached Shirone and the others.

"What are you? How did you get out of mind control?"

said Iruki.

"Dark magic, isn't it magic that is already outdated? The law of destruction is widespread and widespread."

"No nonsense. If it could have been solved that easily, the guys in the back wouldn't have been caught."

'That's right... ... .'

Canis looked up at the sun. It was the peak of the mountain, so the light was still strong. However, there would be no need for the student of the archmage to set conditions against the students.

Lucas, who was watching with his arms crossed, shouted.

"Hey, what are you going to do? This wasn't in the contract. I could handle it for you for double the money."

"I don't need any help. I handle it myself."

"Then whatever."

Lucas sighed and stepped back. He had the attitude of not wanting to step out, but his heart was the exact opposite. He waits pretending not to care, then slashes them from behind when the battle starts. Then it was over.

"Come on quickly. Because you are busy."

Shirone and Kanis slowly closed the distance. Canis' spirit zone, felt through synesthesia, was a sphere with a diameter of approximately 50 meters, similar to Shirone's.

"I'll be in charge here, so you guys stop that prosecutor."

Iruki turned to Lucas at Shirone's words.

"That person? Judging by the atmosphere, I don't think I will go out."

"I don't know how things will change when they come. He's vicious enough to make Shiina-sensei fall off a cliff."

Shirone looked back with cold eyes and said.

"Don't believe anything he says."

Iruki swallowed his saliva. Shirone, who switched the circuits in her head to a combat readiness, looked different from usual.

Shirone began to measure the timing. Photon output boasts outstanding activation speed among attack magic. However, the dark series also did not lag behind in speed.

No signal could be read in Canis' eyes. Like an orangutan's black pupil, only an uncertain future hovered around.

It is not human. Extremely animalistic eyes that can only be obtained by those who have survived countless times.

What kind of life would lead to such eyes?

The two wiggled their fingers. And the moment the bird flew up, it moved at the same time. The photon output and the power of darkness moved dazzlingly, disturbing my eyes.

Shirone cast teleportation and soared. The power of darkness that followed vertically melted in the sunlight.

Canis laughed. What he was aiming for was the shadow buried on the ground, not Shirone's body. After belatedly recalling the properties of dark magic, Shirone hurriedly moved off the cliff. As the shadow disappeared 1,000 meters below, the power of darkness that missed its target dissipated like flames.

As the photon output shot like a rapid-fire cannon, Canis cast a shadow wall. A thick wall of shadow rose before his eyes and he absorbed all the photons.

'It's a great strength. Darkness blocks the light.'

Dark power to the extent of going against the laws of nature. Shirone, who had increased the power of photon output through thousands of rebounds, could guess how strong Canis' mental strength was.

'Then how about this?'

After concentrating the photon in her hand, Shirone gnashed her teeth and threw it. As the photon cannon fired, Canis maximized the thickness of the defense wall. The corner of his mouth went up for a moment, as the shadow wall exploded and a flash came in.

'What is this?'

Feeling creepy, Kanis instinctively cast Dark Skin. As his body turned black, a photon cannon hit his stomach.

"Ouch... ... !"

The limit of the shock that Dark Skin could absorb had already been exceeded at the moment of collision, and the shock wave shook the internal organs. Canis' body, which flew away with both legs floating, was buried in the forest.

"Canis!"

Arin couldn't believe it. Light contains physical force. Light is just pure energy. If it contained even a small amount of physical force, all the planets where the sun was would have been smashed.

Lucas' expression also became serious for the first time. A magic that strikes the opponent by rapidly flying a beam of light. Even if he had been confident in Canis' position, the chance of avoiding it would have been 50%.

'It's not about being unlucky, but maybe I stepped on poop.'

Life flashed in Lucas' eyes. It's not a lucrative business, but shouldn't you pay the balance? His twin swords vibrated as he gazed at Shirone.



* * *



Ethella was somewhere in the mountains, 800 meters from the impassable bridge. And in front of her was Arcane, who had risen to the rank of an unofficial third-class wizard 40 years ago.

From Arcane's point of view, he was an unwelcome guest. Even though he was resting, while casting Abyss Nova, his exhausted mental strength was only restored to about 60%.

But that thought was short-lived. Arcane realized the true value of the woman who stood in her way and narrowed her eyes.

'Oh, look at this?'

He wore oversized goggles. His breasts were also voluptuous, giving him the appearance of a meek sheep that seemed unlikely to know about combat.

But I felt it through my skin. Even though he was just standing, all the energy that penetrated his body was unblocked.

Especially her eyes were the highlight. Through her pupils, the spirit of a sage that could only be given out by those who had transcended the Eight Spirits of joy, sorrow, courtship, and five desires was gushing out.

was a seeker

That's too good to be a teacher at a magic school.

'It's worth destroying Abyss Nova.'

Etela was equally nervous in front of an authority on dark magic who made her name known as the Archmage before she was even born.

"I've heard the famous name well."

"Where is the Priory?"

Arcane guessed that Etella was a monk without hearing it. However, the answer that followed far exceeded his expectations.

"My name is Etella, Bishop of the Karsis Monastery. Why is someone who was famous for his dark magic doing such a terrible thing?"

"It's Bishop."

Arcane burst into laughter as if it were absurd. To hold the position of bishop at the age of less than thirty was impossible in his heyday.

In particular, if it was Carsis, it was one of the few religious orders on the continent with 2,000 parishes. And a bishop was in charge of one parish, equivalent to the head of at least one city.

"Where is Alpheas?"

Ethella remained silent. She doesn't know where she is either, but even that could be information to her enemies.

"I can hear the head rolling from here. To be honest, it doesn't matter. I didn't think that that cunning kid would fall prey to my magic."

Even just by calling Alpheas, who had passed the age of 60, a cunning child, he could feel how long the archmage standing in front of him had lived.

"Why are you looking for the principal? If it's Eun-Won's relationship, I think it's doable to meet and solve it in person. If you free the students from mind control and step away, I can arrange a place for you."

"Chuck! The kid must have built up a pretty good reputation while I was gone. But, child, Alpheas is not the kind of human you think. He is the stupidest and most arrogant guy in the world."

"It doesn't matter what the past is. The current principal is a person who is respected by the students."

"Oh, you mean that?"

Arcane stroked his chin playfully. After all, the Alpheas in his memory was limited to a kid in his 20s who was in the middle of his youth.

"You are curious. What the hell did that kid do to get respect? Let's listen to what you say."

Etella grasped Arcane's strategy. It was now time for the sun to set. It was a trick to delay time until the night when dark magic was most effective.

"If you are waiting for darkness, stop. As a teacher, I cannot stand by any more evildoing."

"what?"

Arcane frowned as if in displeasure. She's 120 years younger than a child, how dare she treat herself as a time-consuming wizard.

As he cast the power of darkness, the arcane's shadow engulfed the trees. The branches swayed and the trunk began to bend toward a point.

"Did you think I was frightened by you just because the sun came up? If that's the case, you're looking at this Arcane very lightly."

Ethella looked up. Trees in a radius of several hundred meters tilted in unison, rescuing a huge dome entangled like a net. As the sky closed, the son-in-law became darker than the night.

"die. A shameful thing."

Arcane shuddered into his own shadow and went out. It was a dark pot, a specialty of dark magic. By using the property of assimilation with darkness to erase the concept of distance, it was possible to move anywhere in the shadows in an instant.

Being able to approach without even a presence was the greatest strength of the Dark Fort. The moment Arcane, who overpowered the tail, cast the power of darkness, Etela's body turned into a flash of light and moved away. Dozens of shadow hands clawed the air.

A high-speed battle unfolded, starting with Arcane casting Dark Pot again. It was as if there were dozens of Arcanes and Ethellas. When Arcane drove Etella into a narrow radius, Etella connected teleportation at extreme speed while standing. Her shadowy hands pierced the insubstantial afterimage as her torso seemed to overlap countlessly.

'Bishop of the Karsis Monastery. Indeed, it's quite right.'

Even Arcane, who was harboring anger, couldn't help but admire. His mental enormity fell short of him, but his skills and senses far exceeded his age.

"Then you should stab the weak part."

Ethella's eyes wavered in bewilderment. As the power of darkness intensified, thousands of hands were flying at the same time.

Magical power that can never be known.

Jonah's search ability could be called magic in itself, but even so, he couldn't avoid all the thousands of hands.

As the shadow of the tree branch grabbed her wrist, Etella hurriedly stopped. Teleporting while in this state will result in your arm being ripped off.

"Oooh... ... !"

The tension of the shadow was tough like rubber. However, Etella's physical strength was also formidable. She gritted her teeth and tugged at her arm, causing the shadow's midsection to crack and tear open.

'Do you have chess? He's a strong kid.'

Arcane said with a fishy smile.

"If that's what you like, I'll make it fit for you."

=======================================
[82] Wizard's Battle (3)





Feeling alive, Ethella looked around. A shadow leaped out of the blackness of the air at breakneck speed and hit her chin.

'fist?'

Then dozens of shadow fists flew in. Ethella crouched down and covered his vitals with both arms. Even in the midst of the dull sound of blows echoing through the mountains, he did not budge as if he had been rooted.

'Hoo? Can you survive this?'

Anyone else would have broken bones all over the body. However, Etella's eyes through the guards were still clear.

"I admit my toughness, but let's stop it."

Shadow hands appeared from all sides and grabbed Etella in a groggy state. Her limbs stretched out as the power of darkness gripped her wrists and ankles. Her oversized glasses were cracked and tilted, and blood was dripping from her lips.

Arcane cast Poison Cutter. It was a triple mix magic that was much more difficult than fusion magic as it imparted toxicity to the rotating darkness.

Magic as sharp as a blade rushed through the air. Sensing that it was an instant death technique, Etella cut off the shadow with all her might, then took a deep breath and let out a noise.

Aaaaaaaaaaa!

The high-frequency roar of the high-pitched roar as it slashed down the bush shattered the darkness of Arcane like smoke.

It was the shout of perm, a monk's skill.

Karsis Jung, the ancestor of the Karsis Monastery, said early on that the awakening that awakens the human spirit comes with a roar. The roar of the wave was a roaring sound that broke the evil magic. It was the same reason that a human being who had sinned was startled by the sound of thunder.

Buried in the roar, Arcane shuddered. Her skin tingled and her hair stood on end. A woman in her mid-twenties could utter the shout of perm, which she had never seen before in her 130-year life.

'Hehe, that's why I can't leave this floor.'

The best talent polishes one ability to the limit and wields a refined mind like a master sword.

What a fun thing.

Some will die, some will survive.

Isn't magic developing through countless destruction, creation, and regeneration?

'That's it. It's okay.'

Arcane recast Poison Cutter. Etella, who decided that it was now or had no chance, cut off the power of darkness that was holding her back and cast space movement. At the same time as the flash of light flew away, the poison cutter pierced the afterimage of light.

"Whew."

Arcane blew a whistle. The stronger the human being, the greater the sense of humiliation when running away. However, his ability to retreat without hesitation was also important in battle.

Arcane headed to the place where Ethella was standing. She was dripping with blood as if she hadn't completely avoided it. If she had been poisoned, she wouldn't have gotten very far.

"The tomboy girl must be having a hard time waking up."

Arcane, who met a strong enemy after 40 years, was happy. I saw a genius who had all the trinity, including Jonah's Spirit Zone, martial arts that cut off the power of darkness, and the supreme spirit of a monk.

'Did I say he was a certified 6th level wizard?'

It is clear that he has a high rank for his age. However, they are geniuses because they are not accepted by social standards. If she hadn't been bound by her mission as a teacher or seeker, Etela's current rank would have been much higher.

"Mirhi Alfeas. That kid gets respect?"

Arcane looked up with sad eyes. As her mind control was released, the trees stretched out, revealing a darkened sky.

"Aren't you ashamed, Alfeas? To be respected by people who are superior to you. What a cruel reality this is."

Lamenting the disciple's incompetence, Arcane moved slowly. The darkness in the forest showed him the way he should go.



* * *



'damn! Where the hell are you?'

THAAD became more and more anxious. Alpheas was not in the lodging that he was sure would be there. However, if the enemy did not capture it, there was only one place left.

"Master!"

I opened the door to the principal's office and entered. But even here, Alpheas was nowhere to be seen.

Sade did not give up and looked at the books displayed on the bookshelf. I knew for a long time that Alpheas had a personal space here.

'There must be an engine device. I can't go through all the books.'

A book was caught in the fast-moving gaze. The title of the book inserted between the old-fashioned magic books was 'Seeing the Darkness'. Sade, who knew his master's past, was convinced that this was the path directly connected to Alfeas' memories.

When the top of the book was pulled, the heavy mechanism rotated and the bookshelf split left and right. There was a tunnel through the wall and a stairway leading down.

As Sade descended the stairs, the tilted book returned and the bookshelf closed. When the iron door was opened, a small room with a crystal lamp appeared. Numerous items were displayed on the old shelves, and it was quaint enough to believe that it was an antique shop.

A portrait of a woman hung on the wall. She wasn't exceptionally beautiful, but she had a gentle and graceful impression.

'That's him... ... .'

Sade stared at the portrait in a state of fascination. What Alpheas said was true. Her eyes seemed to have the power to attract people.

"Who are you?"

Saad stunned and turned around. Alfeas was sitting on a chair in the corner with his knee on his back. His face was contorted with anger and bewilderment, which was completely different from usual.

"Master! As expected, you are safe!"

"you... ... I guess you know me."

Sade, who was approaching, stopped. Hearing Alpheas' words, he was able to guess the situation.

"You seem to have lost your memory."

Like the other teachers, it was clear that Alpheas was under the spell of Arcane. However, he seemed to have taken action and fled here before completely losing his memory, befitting a certified 4th-class wizard.

Hearing Sade's words, Alfeas approached the bronze mirror. And he looked at himself with a serious expression.

"Hmm. Have you lost your memory? I thought I had suddenly come to the future again. Anyway, the face of an 18-year-old turned into an old man like this. That's pretty annoying."

Sade's eyes widened. If he was 18, he would have been blocked for about 40 years. If Alfeas hadn't been an extremely rational person, he might have already gone mad.

"Yes, I lost my memory... ... . I'm rather glad Didn't you steal your life? Where are you anyway? What happened to me to lose my memory?"

"A wizard cast dark magic to harm Master. Master barely escaped."

Talking to someone who has lost their memory would only increase their anxiety, but Alpheas didn't care.

"yes? How old am I now?"

"Ah, sixty-three."

"Sixty-three. Then what have I become?"

"Yes?"

"I'm asking what kind of magical achievements you've achieved."

"Ah, as a person of great character, he is currently serving as the principal of a magic school."

Alpheas made an absurd expression. A genius called the light of the Mirhi family is teaching others. Considering his own personality, this could hardly have happened.

"So what, do you mean I became a teacher?"

"Yes. Everyone follows and respects Master."

"Puhahahaha! Fuhahahaha!"

Alpheas let out a mad laugh. At first, he was annoyed by his sudden aging, but he didn't care after learning that he had lost his memory. Rather, he was thrilled at the thought of hearing about his achievements from now on.

"Looks like I've matured quite a bit too. be the principal Then, is this the royal palace? Has the prince inherited the throne?"

THAAD became anxious. No matter how rational Alpheas was, the gap that had transcended 40 years of time was not something that could be ignored.

"This is a private school. This is the Alpheas Magic School founded by Master himself."

"Private?"

Alpheas's expression crumpled. If it was Alpheas of genius thinking, at least the royal family should have been teaching. But is it private? What the hell happened in 40 years of life?

"... ... What level am I?"

"Yes? Oh, that's over there... ... ."

THAAD hesitated. Numerous records prove how great Alpheas was in his youth. In such a yard, I did not have the courage to honestly inform the reality.

"Tell me quickly! How many classes! Did I say my age is sixty-three? If so, is it level 1? Or second grade?"

Sade said, lowering his head like a man guilty of a mortal sin.

"It's grade 4... ... ."

Alpheas stumbled. The shock was too great for his aging body to handle. However, he could not control his burning anger and ran rampant on his way.

"What the hell have you done! dumbass! Poor child!"

Alpheas hit his head and blamed himself. He was a god-given talent, and if he had given 40 years, he should have been at least second class. But he's not even 3rd grade, he's 4th grade.

What the hell happened? How stupid have I been living to get to this point?

You need to know the past. everything from one to ten. Alfeas, who made up his mind, glared at Sade and said.

"Can you solve dark magic? You said you were my disciple, so you must have mastered photon magic, right?"

"Yes. I don't know how long it will take, but with Master's help, it will be possible. But... ... ."

Sade suddenly realized.

Maybe this is not a curse but a blessing?

Due to a mistake he made when he was young, Alfeas lived with guilt for 40 years. If losing his memory could clear up his past, his lifelong regrets would disappear.

"Master, do you really need to retrieve your memory?"

"what? What are you talking about? It's my memory, so of course I have to get it back. Something went wrong. If you fix that, you can enter a higher realm even now."

"Master. You may not understand the current situation. The light of the Mirhi family, which was said to be a gift from God, is only in the official 4th grade principal position. But that's why I want to dry it even more. Master made a big mistake. And he lived with bitterness for forty years. Now is the time to be free. Maybe this is a divine indulgence?"

Although Alfeas has returned to the age of 18, he knows how painful life can be from the wounds of the past. Also, if it really happened, it was one way to admit it and live like this.

Alpheas, who was lost in thought while wandering around the room, suddenly found a portrait hanging on the wall and asked.  

"Who is that woman? Isn't this my room?"

"Master's room is correct."

"yes? Did I hang that picture? She's not even a beauty, why are her eyes so blurry? She is like a woman who is missing something."

Sade was emotionally charged. Since she knew what kind of person Alfeas was, she couldn't control her sadness.

'Master, you can't say that. That one... ... .'

Alpheas looked away from the painting with an annoyed face. It was this and that, and there was nothing that made sense.

"I will bring back my memory. The future is too out of line with my plans. I need to know what happened."

"Master, please reconsider. What is life... ... ."

"Hey, you."

Alpheas raised his arrogant eyes and cut Sade off. Sade realized that there was no lie in what the teacher said. That figure was the young Alfeas.

"Did you say you were my disciple?"

"That's right. It is an undeserved honor for me, and I am always grateful."

"Then, it's an excommunication from today."

"Yes?"

Alpheas was sincere. It is the Alfeas of the world. It was the crystallization of intelligence that did not blink an eye even after losing 40 years of memory.

"What's the point of recovering memories that have passed away? I don't need a pathetic disciple like you."

=======================================
[83] Wizard's Battle (4)





"I am saying this because it is not. Doesn't Master know?"

Even if he regains his memories, there is no guarantee that he will return to the old Alpheas. This is because living the same life twice does not always lead to the same destination.

"no. My judgment is always right. So no matter what form I change, it is only me. It's your last chance. Cast photonization magic."

Sade sighed and nodded. Now, he had no choice but to hope that Alfeas' nature would restore his original personality.

"All right. Then please sit here."

Sade brought a chair in the corner and sat Alfeas down.

"let's begin. I will cast photonization magic, but from then on, it's up to Master."

"haha! Are you a bitch who cares about my share? Don't worry unnecessarily, just do it quickly. If you get your memory back, I'll give you a big scolding."

Sade cast a spell with earnest desire. As the light penetrated the Abyss Nova, a bit of drowsiness came over me. Alpheas slowly closed his eyes and lost himself in thought. Time, which had stopped at the age of 18, began to flow again.  

Light and darkness, good and evil (1)





Buried in the bushes, Canis couldn't lift a finger while the shockwave spread across her abdomen.

After realizing that Arin had a talent for telepathy, he intensively trained in dark physical magic.

Absorbing power was also physical power, and as such, the amount of shock absorption of the dark skin he cast was quite high. Even the hammer wielded by an adult was no more than a child's punch in front of Dark Skin.

However, the power of the photon cannon that was taken by surprise was a destructive power that far exceeded expectations. Above all, it was impossible to analyze how light could contain physical force.

"Kikiki. You got it right, Canis."

A muffled voice tickled my ears. No one could be seen on the mountain except Canis, but the voice was real.

"Harvey... ... . What happened to me?"

"I don't know. But what I feel is the mass. The mass, which flew at great speed, was lodged in the abdomen."

"mass? Light has no mass."

Since studying the properties of opposites is the basis of a battle mage, Canis also knew about the theory of photonization.

"Of course, light has no mass. But there is energy."

In fact, photons in motion have an infinitesimal amount of mass. This is called kinetic mass, and a typical example is the solar wind.

"But that's just a mathematical reduction. It's like being hit by a club when a strong wind blows ."

"What you said makes sense. But in theory it's possible. Then it is not impossible at all."

"No, something is missing. To produce this much power, there must be something that connects mass and energy. But there is no such thing in the world."

Harvey's voice said plaintively.

"See if you found him."

Canis didn't respond. He and Harvey are distinctly different entities, but they also share thoughts. Harvey reluctantly admits that he must have read Canis's displeasure.

"He's a great guy. he's a unique guy There was such a talent at the magic school."

Satisfied with that, Canis stood up. Accurately identifying the enemy's skills was the first button to victory. The first nemesis I met. His body temperature seemed to rise.

"Can you win, Harvey?"

"Quack. Kanis, if you want... ... ."

A sullen voice penetrated the darkness.

"There's never been a time we couldn't win."

Canis cast an unusually long shadow and returned to the top of the mountain where Shirone was.



* * *



Shirone stared into the darkness of the forest for a long time. She wasn't sure Kanis had cast her darkskin, but the information that didn't reach her brain and was only etched into her retina was sending her alert signals.

Canis parted through the woods and walked out. Nade frowned as Shirone's prediction proved correct.

"Damn it. Are you really fine?"

"Nade. The sun has set."

At night, the power of dark magic would be maximized, so Iruki cast lighting magic. It was far less bright than Fire Sun, so Nade helped. Two luminaries shone from 10 meters in the sky. However, given that the wizard was moving at high speed, it was still too much to engage in an all-out war.

"Sheesh. Is it still dark?"

At that moment, Canis cast lighting magic. The light magic cast by the dark mage made the two feel uncomfortable.

"What are you thinking? It's lighting magic."

"What is it? In any class, photonization theory is a must. It's the basic principle of teleportation."

"It's not like that! Light must be a weakness for a dark mage, right? Why do you want to eat my flesh?"

"ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Kanis burst into laughter.

"As expected, those from the magic school are stupid and stubborn. There is no magic in any class without weaknesses. The important thing is how to make up for your weaknesses. Lighting magic is to prove it. Arin, take another shot."

As if it wasn't groundless confidence, Arin, who had a prudent personality, obediently cast lighting magic.

When the four luminaries gathered, the brightness was quite the same as daytime. However, Canis was not satisfied and looked back at Shirone. A magician of light who uses unique powers. With his lighting magic, he could create the stage he wanted.

"Hey, can you shoot me too? I'm looking forward to it."

Shirone didn't know how to do lighting magic. While he made technological evolution from teleportation to rainbow drop, from photon output to photon cannon, he didn't have time to invest in other magic.

"what? can't you? It's ridiculous. A wizard of light can't even cast lighting magic."

Sometimes it is. There are cases where the magic string stands out in one magic by getting a chance with a short topic. Something like a circus might be quite famous, but magic isn't stunts, it's murder. A type like Shirone, who could only do one thing on the battlefield full of all sorts of psychology and tactics, was perfect for dying.

"I was wrong. I thought it would be a good match, but it turned out to be nothing but a kid, right?"

The moment Canis finished speaking, a luminous object popped up above Shirone's head. The light was bright enough to overshadow the others' lighting magic.

Nade and Iruki stared blankly at it. I immediately cast the lighting magic I had never learned. His anger preceded the limitless insight.

Shirone strode into Canis' spirit zone. He couldn't forgive him for holding all the students hostage and talking about a good confrontation.

"Are you done now? You did what you wanted, so do whatever you want."

Canis withdrew her earlier thoughts. He is not just a magician who is good at circuses. But does it matter? No matter how strong your opponent is, you are stronger. To prove that, the current situation was perfect.

"anything? You will regret it."

As he cast the power of darkness, the shadow under his feet rushed towards Shirone like a torrent. After flying up into the sky, Shirone floated a photon on her palm. He thought he could do something great, but it was the same attack as the pattern so far.

'Are you making me angry just to brag?'

As Shirone cast the photon cannon, Canis' body shuddered and disappeared under the shadows. This one was a bit new, but it was just a movement magic learned from a book anyway. As they bombarded Canis, who appeared from all sides like a mole, the top of the mountain was razed to the ground.

'Got it!'

After strategically analyzing Canis' movement, Shirone fired a predictive shot where it could not be avoided. Canis appeared belatedly where the photon cannon fell. impossible to evade. In addition, it was a powerful force that could not be blocked even with dark skin.

Just when everyone thought it was over, a shadow stood up from under Canis' feet. It looked like an elongated human shadow, and it received photon cannons in both hands and stomach. Photons caught between the palms were absorbed into the shadows with a pop.

Embarrassed, Shirone landed on the ground. The shadow destroyed the photon cannon. It meant that the darkness soon overpowered the light.

"Kikiki, a splendid appearance. How was I?"

"How can that be? The darkness swallows the light... ... ."

Nade couldn't believe it. No matter how strong the dark power was, he could not subdue the light. How would you feel if you lit a torch and your surroundings didn't light up at all?

The monster body connected to Canis's shadow did not interfere with its actions at all even while the lighting magic illuminated the ground.

While her face was small, her shoulders and chest were huge. Her waist was as thin as a tiger, and her arms were as long as those of a monkey. His palms were as broad as shields, and his fingers were as thin and long as blades. The fact that the body balance felt beautiful was proof that it was an artificial creation.

"Hey, didn't I say it wasn't a big deal? Hey, baby boy. The photons you shot tasted really good."

When the shadow spoke, Shirone was speechless. In addition, the fact that he used the expression photon, not light, meant that he had intellectual abilities.

Kanis introduced her own shadow.

"Essence of Dark Magic. He is the strongest magic creature harvester."

"A magical creature?"

The essence of magic biology, a combination of alchemy and magic engineering. It was truly bizarre to see in real life what I had only seen in books. Moreover, it was an intelligent creature that had never been introduced in any book.

"Kikiki! Is that guy completely out of his mind? Why are you like this, like a villager seeing a magical creature for the first time?"

Harvest, who showed off his bold talk, shook his shoulders and laughed. Is it a frivolous, eccentric monster? No, it was an extremely human yet transcendent creature.

"Harvest is immune to light. It is also connected to my life. Unless I die, Harvey will not perish either."

"Gorum, Gorum! We are two and one! One and two! Of course, I have a more handsome face. Because it's real! He's so handsome, but there's no way to show it. Kehehehe!"

Harvest joked, but Shirone had no time to pay attention to it. If it was immune to light, even the dark mage's only shortcoming was gone.

'I... ... Can I win?'

So far, the location of Alpheas was not clear, let alone help from outsiders. After all, hundreds of lives were in the hands of those present here.

Canis was satisfied with Shirone's flustered appearance. The effect of introducing Harvest after lighting magic was excellent. This was also Harvest's strategy. The frivolous tone and attitude are perfect acting. In fact, Harvest was more intelligent than Canis. This is because he transferred all of Arcane's knowledge. Even at this moment, Harvest was constantly exchanging brainwave patterns with Canis.

- Canis. Let's go into the forest. We are at a disadvantage here.

- Can you follow me easily?

- It's urgent over there. Besides, Lucas is quite strong. If we make him move, our side's power will rise.

- I don't like it. I don't want to receive help from a child like that. If you hadn't stopped it earlier, we would have had a fight.

- It's for you, Canis. He's strong and he's not stupid. He is pushing you when you look at the total amount of figures alone. I can't let you get caught up in a draining emotional battle.

Lucas was another face of the villains who harassed Canis in Radum. The thought that he needed help from such a person made his insides boil.

- Canis. Heart rate increased by 1.7 times. Increased adrenaline levels impair your judgment. I apologize if I offended you for what I said.

The consideration of the magical creature to prevent loss of combat power calmed Canis' heart. As long as there was a cold and sober Harvest, he was confident that he would not lose to anyone.

- No, Harvey. sorry. You are right. Let's do it.

=======================================
[84] Light and darkness, good and evil (2)





Clearing her thoughts, Canis glared at Shirone. His smooth appearance, which seemed to have never suffered, made his stomach twist.

'huh. You'll think I'm a villain But... ... .'

The power of darkness rose from the shadow of Canis. Even though it was cut down by the lighting magic, the speed of regeneration was amazing.

'To me, all of you are evil!'

As the power of darkness sprinted, Shirone wiped the ground clean with photon output. Then he picked up the photon cannon mounted in his right hand and threw it. Harvest intercepted and received it with his body. As the photon cannon penetrated the body, Harvest's body was pushed into the forest. However, far from being shocked, he provoked Shirone by flicking his long fingers.

"Quack. Come in, come in."

The forest is like a home ground for the dark mage, but Shirone rushed into the forest without delay. Then, dozens of photons were fired from left to right and right to left over her head.



Doo doo doo doo! Doo doo doo doo!

Hundreds of flares pierced the ceiling of the forest. Ned and Iruki stared at the sky, which had brightened like daylight, in dismay.

"That bastard, it's triggered properly."

"I guess you know that too. If Shirone can't stop him, it's a losing game in the end."

Iruki slowly looked away. Lucas was following Shirone into the forest. Noticing gray smoke billowing in front of his eyes, he quickly threw himself away. The atomic bomb exploded with a bang, and Lucas, who stepped back 10 meters in an instant, glared at Iruki with terrifying eyes.

"You child... ... ."

"Don't do anything stupid. Because what you think, we think too. Just stand there."

"That's ridiculous."

No matter how immature it is, to think that a wizard trainee or something like that would deal with a B-class criminal. When Lucas drew his twin swords, there was a gurgling sound. His temperament conveyed through the spirit zone was haze like burning firewood.

The range of bodies that can be strengthened with a schema is infinite, but most of them use proven builds because unbalanced causes serious side effects.

A build that leans to one side will ruin the body. For example, if you put too much strain on the nervous system, the muscle can't keep up with the speed of the nerve and burst.

The build currently used by Lucas is a mitochondrial build, which instantly increases energy efficiency by strengthening mitochondria, the energy factories of organisms.

Although it has the disadvantage of quickly consuming stamina, the effect of simultaneously increasing the overall body was attractive, so it was the default build for most users.

'It could be dangerous... ... .'

Iruki checked Nade's condition. Looking at Lucas with cold eyes reminded me of the summer five years ago. On a day when it rained heavily, the two collided. It was close to a miracle that Nade could laugh now. Perhaps he will never show his old face again. He hated the face that resembled the person he loved the most in the world.

"Careful, Nade. That guy is a schema user."

"I know. Let's increase firepower and suppress them in the early stages."

Lucas was dumbfounded. The word caution is used when avoiding a puddle or crossing a precarious bridge, not when a knife will sooner or later cut your throat.

"Sigh. Kids these days... ... ."

Lucas, who was scratching his head, blurted out. At the same time, a golden flash was born between Nade and Iruki. The teleportation light flashed and two people appeared ten meters away from Lucas. Iruki looked at his chest. His clothes were cut sharply, and blood was leaking from the line drawn on his chest.

"It's fine?"

"It is not fatal. But it's really fast."

Even if magic was a transcendent power, the wizard's body was definitely human. Excluding the magic effect, the ability to react and respond to the movement of the schema inspection was inevitably reduced.

However, if you think about it backwards, it was the same for the prosecutor. The power of magic is not something that can be endured with a schema. Even with student-level magic, if you allowed correct hits, you would lose your life.

Nade and Iruki concentrated their firepower. Atomic Bomb's chain of explosions continued like a snake, and Nade calculated Lucas' movement and fired a predictive shot. However, he couldn't get a hit on a movement that was completely different from the mechanical patterns he had been training at school.

'Damn it! There are quite a few young ones?'

The situation was not easy for Lucas. Due to the nature of the mitochondrial build, his stamina was dropping in seconds. When the energy metabolic rate was raised to the maximum, the speed jumped. Detouring the wide radius in an instant, he jumped up from Iruki's side and brandished his twin swords. Nade, who ran from the other side, held out both of his hands. As the electric shock magic hit the abdomen, alternating vibrations shook the body at a speed of 60 times per second.

"Iruki! It is now!"

Iruki was already preparing. Gray smoke rose from the stunned Lucas' face. Watching his detonation reaction right in front of his eyes, Lucas tried to move his body with all his might. As if his muscles had been charred, he had no strength.

'damn! damn!'

To be in danger of dying against only kids. No, are you really dying? When I was in an unexpected situation, I felt like I lost even the sense of reality.

Iruki was sure it was over. It was not a hasty decision as there was even a detonation reaction. However, the Spirit Zone suddenly disappeared. He started paralyzing his legs before he could figure out the cause. Before he knew it, the shadow of another person was connected beneath his feet. I could tell that it was Arin's skill even without seeing it.

'Damn it!'

Lucas fought his way out of the alternating current vibration. He then lunged at Nade, who humiliated him. His anger, which went to the threshold of death, reached an all-time high, and the matter containing his emotions flashed.

"Nade! Run away!"

Nade developed electricity in both hands even when he was affected by the Eye. Lucas opened his twin swords and tried to pass left and right. As the blade cut through the wind, unexpectedly thick pillars of ice surged on either side of Nade.

The twin swords plunged into the ice with a bang. Lucas' eyes widened in shock. His swordsmanship can split even rocks. However, it was a situation where only one piece of ice could not be cut and was blocked.

A familiar face was reflected in Lucas' eyes as he slowly turned around. She was the teacher, the woman he had just thrown down a cliff.

"Sensei Shiina!"

Nade shouted with a flash of color. But Shiina said nothing. She had dry eyes that couldn't read emotions, and she was only looking at Lucas.



* * *



"Sigh. Sigh."

Etella's knees, leaning against the trunk of the tree, were bent as if they were about to collapse at any moment. She was the one who had a long 30-minute chase. Even so, she couldn't completely outrun Arcane.

'The poison is spreading. I can't delay treatment any longer.'

Ethella sat down and tore the waist of her habit. Black blood flowed from the scar that passed over her navel. It was a wound from a poison cutter. She is preventing the poison from spreading by breathing, but it is only a temporary remedy. I had to suck her wounds to get her venom out, but it was an area that her lips couldn't reach.

Ethella put her hands behind her hips, grabbed the trunk of the tree, and put on the grip. A crunching sound came from his spine as he bent his back as he lowered his head. As the erector spinae muscles lengthened the spine, the hips lifted off the ground and the lower back sharply bent. As I rolled my body into a spiral, my lips finally touched the bottom of his navel.

Etella pushed out all the toxins that permeated her body through her wounds. Then he filled her lungs with air and sucked through her wounds. The moment the poison drained from her, she felt a burning pain. She frowned between her brows and lifted her head vigorously. As she spat her venom out of her mouth, black blood dripped onto the grass. In an instant, the grass dried up.

Ethella's face began to come alive again. Taking off her crooked glasses and throwing them on the floor, she wrapped her kimono, which she had just torn, around her fist and bumped into them.

"Whoa. I will live for a while now."

As the swaying Spirit Zone regained its durability, the surrounding energy was transmitted through synesthesia. Opening her eyes wide, she kicked off the ground and took off. Dozens of black hands rose from the ground as if they were squeezing ink.

'It's already here... ... .'

Being able to pursue Jonah, an expert in exploration, without a break was to prove how agile the Archmage of Darkness can be when facing darkness.

"The poison seems to have been removed. The more I look at it, the more I like it."

Arcane appeared after breaking the veil of darkness. However, Ethella did not have to run away any longer.

"It won't be easy from now on."

"Are you in the mood to do it right? Then, let's enjoy it without hesitation."

As Etela pushed power into her fist, the energy of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist filled up. Arcane quickly caught her change. She had completely given up on the Spirit Zone.

Wizards deal with the Spirit Zone, swordsmen deal with the schema. However, the capital trains both at the same time. This is because the significance of a monk's existence is not to ascend to a high place, but to embrace the world with the broadest heart.

Arcane didn't like that. If she had focused on one field from the beginning, she would not have known her name on the continent.

'It's a pity. Why did a talent who could stand on the top of the world choose composition? It would be foolish to say such a thing to someone who doesn't even think of going up.'

Arcane reached out and cast a spell. If it was the opponent who used the schema, there was a countermeasure against it.

"Darkness."

Countless spiders crawled out of the shadows of the forest. The sight of spiders the size of human heads gave me goose bumps.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaa!

However, the true value of the family of darkness was from now on. A dark golem with a height of more than 3 meters stood next to Arcane.

His face was buried in his shoulders, his torso and limbs swollen as if wrapped in wool. Her arms were long and her legs short.

Dark Fellowship is a magic that casts shadowy powers that convert 100% of mental power into physical power. It was qualitatively different from the power of darkness that absorbs energy from the outside. It is not immune to light like magical creatures, but at night when the sun has fallen, there was no fighting weapon that would exert more power than this.

"Go, my people."

It was Dark Spider who opened fire. It was impossible to even figure out how many were moving as the number of them got tangled together.

Etella swung her jab and bounced the spiders in all directions. Then, when she fired a straight line at the spider's cluster, she let out a pop and the shadows scattered.

Aaaaa!

The Dark Golem broke through the flying spiders and attacked. Her thick forearms slammed her into the ground as Etella flailed her body like her flying squirrel. As the ground rippled like a wave, it could not withstand the shock and exploded. Ethella's face turned pale at the power of her earth magic comparable to that of Rubtion. Since all of the Archmage's mental power was converted into physical power, her physical strength was beyond imagination.

The golem with both hands on the ground turned its head. Then, drawing an arc with his arms as if wielding a hammer, he attacked again.

bang! bang! bang! bang!

Etella recklessly retreated to the chained attack with both fists swinging like windmills. The ultimate weapon equipped with speed, flexibility and destructive power was the Dark Golem.

Since it was impossible to retreat forever, Etella stepped on the ground and confronted the Dark Golem after escaping.

Aaaaa!

Etella jumped into the arms of the dark golem that stood up like a barrier and punched her side.

Phew!

The giant golem staggered. As the equivalent exchange took place, a shock rushed through the mind of the Arcane.

=======================================
[85] Light and darkness, good and evil (3)





'haha. Is this a human fist?'

It's a power that can't be inferior to magic. Moreover, it didn't even end with a single shot. Ethella held her breath and threw her fists out in succession. His wrists throbbed every time he hit the heavy darkness, but the impact his opponent received was several times his.

Arcane gritted his teeth and collected his mind. Ethella's fists are powerful, but the nature of her impact is unique. Instead of destroying the surface, she created a shockwave inside. The problem was the interference caused by overlapping shock waves.

'It's a wave series. This is dangerous.'

Aaaaaaa!

At the moment the Dark Golem struggled in pain, Etella's eyes shone as she was pouring blows. Taking one more step forward, she struck the golem's stomach with her palm, creating a massive ripple that caused roughly 400 meddling actions. This meant that a shock wave 400 times stronger than Etella's regime exploded inside.

The golem shuddered as if it had swallowed a bomb, and its black body swelled up. It looked like it would explode sooner or later.

"Great!"

Arcane frowned and supported his spirit. If the Spirit Zone is broken, the Dark Golem will collapse. As the golem's tremors subsided as it wrestled with the shockwave, Etella bit her lip.

'Is it not enough? I should have nested it a bit more.'

Yin-Yang Wave Fist is a martial art that uses water waves to create ripples on the opponent's body, then pushes a powerful wave and explodes it. The downside is that it takes time to reach the peak, but once the final blow is in, the amount of impact is terrifying.

But Arcane persevered. The amount of shock received by the Dark Golem was 400 times greater than that of the Scheme Fist, but the Archmage Arcane's mental strength did not go unnoticed.

"It's pretty, kid."

"The next one won't end like this. Give up now."

"Chuck! I guess there's still power left. I'm so glad that I will warm up properly after a long time."

When Arcane raised his hand, all the Dark Spiders began to permeate into the Dark Golem's body. The dark golem, which gradually grew in size, finally pierced the ceiling of the sea of ??water that covered the sky.

Ethella was dizzy. The Dark Golem now visible was the infamous identity of Arcane's confrontation with numerous countries. A small to medium-sized city could be wiped out in a matter of days.

"How is it, is it nice? Whether it's a wave ticket or something, you have to beat it hard. The abyss of my golem is deeper than the sea."

If it was a giant golem over 10 meters tall, it was questionable whether the shockwave could spread. But Ethella clenched his fists enough to crumble. will be the light of the world Even if death awaited him, he had to move on.

Aaaaang!

The Dark Golem walked with a roar. Despite the increase in size, the speed remained the same. Being able to move at the speed of thought was the biggest reason why the Dark Fellowship was classified as overpowered.

thud!

The Dark Golem's fist hit the place where Etela was standing. Seismic waves knocked down trees and plowed the ground as if hundreds of moles were passing under it.

thud! thud! thud!

A series of fists were stamped. The shock wave shook the ground and devastated the surroundings. The sixth time the fist landed, Etella turned her around and climbed onto the golem's forearm. She then ran up to her shoulders and crossed her arms as she jumped. As she fell, her fast, unseen punch knocked her golem.

Deed deed deed deed!

It was a thunderbolt strike of the Thousand-Handed Kannon, a five-year-old man of Yin-Yang Wave Fist.

"Big!"

Sparks exploded non-stop in Arcane's brain. More than 30 shocks per second were pouring in. If the number of ripples generated per second is approximately 300, 600 ripples will spread under the assumption that it takes 2 seconds to land. This alone causes approximately 3,000 interference actions. However, the essence of Yin-Yang Wave Fist was in the final blow, the Jangbeop. What would happen if you allowed it to go there? If all properties of interference, refraction, and reflection are considered, the number of interferences that occur after 2 seconds is quite... ... .

'68,000 times.'

The shock amplified 68,000 times that of Etela's blow explodes inside. Arcane's hair stood on end. However, contrary to her emotions, the corners of her mouth were grotesquely raised.

"Quack! I feel like I'm back now."

I have no intention of running away. If the enemy was strong, it would have been enough to crush it with more force than that. How much I missed this moment. The glory of the past, where he competed with countless geniuses, passed by like a kaleidoscope.

Aaaaaaa!

The Dark Golem twisted its waist like a pretzel. Ethella, who arrived on the ground, also pulled both of his hands to his sides. The energy of the thunderbolt field, the last food of the thousand-handed Guanyin thunderbolt, rushed into the palm of my hand. As the Dark Golem's fist swung forward, Etella clenched her teeth and held out her two palms.

'A thunderbolt field!'

Whoa!

A mushroom cloud rose from the middle of the mountain range.

As all the trees in a radius of 20 meters were uprooted, the dense forest turned into a wasteland.



* * *



The stars in the night sky were twinkling. Ethella blinked her eyes in the starlight pouring through the branches.

"... ... ."

how much time has passed

No, how far did it fly?

The trees where she flew were all broken.

At the end of the gruesome trail, Etella, sprawled out, couldn't move a single finger. Her muscles twitched against her will. There was no feeling at all in her fingertips and toes.

'Master... ... .'

Etella was incapable of combat.

'The Archmage is really strong.'

Even the magic of the Yin and Yang Wave Fist wasn't enough to stop the Dark Fellow cast by the Archmage.

Is this what magic close to disaster is?

The sense of shame at not being able to destroy evil tormented her heart.

 If the waves had been overlapped a little more, if the Thousand-Handed Guanyin had been perfectly mastered, if the power of the thunderbolt had been raised even more.

"Black. Whoa... ... ."

Ethella raised her trembling arm and covered her eyes. Hot tears flowed like a waterfall.

"I'm sorry, Master."

Etela's sobs echoed through the mountains.

Group (1)





Shirone and Canis did not miss each other's position even in the complex terrain of the forest. It was cautious rather than violent, and had a strong tendency toward psychological warfare rather than firefighting. Due to the contrasting nature of light and darkness, if the delicate balance is broken, the charter can turn in an instant. It was a question of who would throw the punch first.

It was Canis who felt the pressure more. Due to the nature of dark magic, they are aiming for counters, but Shirone never gave up a gap and created tension with only tactical movements. Through brainwave exchange, Harvest's thoughts came over.

- It's definitely fine. It's not possible for anyone to be this cool in a combat situation.

- Shall we pretend to be tricked and stick together? You need to create a variable. I can't be dragged around like this.

- Hmm. It's a mirror chess situation.

The strategy of moving pieces in the same way as the opponent does not widen the gap in power until the middle. Then, if you can't stand the pressure and make a mistake, you'll immediately poke a gap. However, if the opponent maintains the pace until the end, he has no choice but to pay the price for giving the first attack.

'It doesn't even show any signs of shaking. If we continue like this, we could end up in danger.'

Canis thought it would be advantageous to take the first attack. And he communicated his will through mental channels.

- Harvey. What do you think?

- yes? Oh yeah. As time goes by, we will be at a disadvantage. let's go active

When the thoughts coming through the channel were slower than usual, Kanis asked, widening the distance with the Dark Fort.

- what's the matter?

- No, because I felt the seismic waves a while ago. It's two kilometers from here.

With a highly developed sense of vibration, Harvest was able to see, hear, and even taste through vibration.

- Seismic waves?

- It is still being delivered. Arcane is the only thing that shocks me like this. It's probably because he cast the Dark Fellowship.

- Master? But the Dark Fellowship is a secret weapon. What does this mean?

- There are good and bad intentions. The good meaning is that the state of inspiration is extremely brisk. The bad meaning is that I met an opponent who was strong enough to cast Dark Fellowship.

- If it's a strong opponent... ... Is it Alpheas?

- For now, it would be reasonable to think so. Anyway, we have to move now. If Arcane found Alpheas, we'd better clean up this place too.

- okay. Let's do it.

Kanis closed the gap and entered. Contrary to expectations, Shirone collided without losing. Catching the change of the flow immediately and maintaining the initiative was an animalistic feedback.

Kanis cast the power of darkness. The form of the shadow was endowed with a wizard's unique personality, and Canis's was a double-sided saw blade specialized in attack.

As Shirone fired the Photon Cannon continuously, the power of darkness was cut away like a rock stricken by wind and waves. Certainly light was the nemesis of darkness, but Canis adhered to dark magic. All of the basic magic of each series could be used, but it was not at the level of dealing with small skills.

'Let's hold on. I can't use magic of this power forever. If you can endure it, the flow will definitely change.'

As expected by Canis, Shirone's mental fatigue was accumulating moment by moment. No matter how superior the attribute was, the defense power of dark magic was not negligible.

'I need more power.'

Since photons are so active, losses inevitably occur. Shirone thus gained mass by compressing the photons faster than they were lost. It was a method that consumed a lot of mental power, but the power was stronger, and the sphere of white light swayed dizzy and increased in size.

Canis immediately sensed the change.

- what?

- The power has increased. I'll take it.

Harvest, who blocked Canis's path, took a posture that gave strength to her abdomen. As a huge photon cannon rammed into the ship, it attacked both of his hands and crushed the photons. However, the photon was not crushed, rather, Harvest's body flew through the forest with a hollow sound.

Kanis's face turned into an absurd expression.

- Harvey. it's okay?

- so so. It's terribly heavy. It's a murder weapon.

Shirone floated a photon cannon above the top of her head. Subsequently, photons were also created on both of his shoulders. As the three photon cannons swayed with enormous mass, Harvest stretched out his arms and shouted as if he would not be pushed back by his momentum.

"Kiki Kiki! It tickles! Is this just your last move?"

"no. Practice for now."

"... ... ."

Harvest's voice cut off. When the photon cannon, which was twice as powerful as the first shot, was fired, the giant trees in the places where the flash passed by exploded their sides. Harvest's thoughts flowed as Canis' mental channel sped up to the limit.

- Canis. let's avoid this

- Once you start dodging, you'll lose the initiative. This is a fight you can't back down from.

- I don't think I can stop it!

- I can stop it. Absorb my psyche

- Damn it! You're a real troublemaker!

After absorbing Canis' mental power, Harvest's body swelled enormously. As the ship opened, the shadow, which had turned into the jaws of a beast, screamed at the three beams.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Light struck the darkness.



* * *



Creas is a warm southern city. And now it was summer. But at the top of the impassable bridge, a snowy blizzard raged.

Iruki and Nade fastened their collars. The blizzard obscured the view, blurring the images of Shiina and Lucas.

"eww. It's very cold. What happened? Why did Shiina-sensei cast magic?"

"Maybe you've come back to your senses? He might have awakened when he fell off the cliff."

=======================================
[86] Group (2)





"Don't you think so? What the hell is this magic? not like a teacher At this rate, everyone will freeze to death."

Nade was equally puzzled. Now there are hundreds of students here. I didn't think they could survive long in the cold of minus 20 degrees. However, the effect of putting pressure on Lucas was excellent. This is because when the somatic cells cool down, the mitochondrial build becomes less effective.

"damn! driving me crazy!"

Especially in the place where Lucas was, there was even a strong wind, so the perceived temperature was even lower. Necrosis was progressing from the peripheral nerve.

This was the reason why high-level freezing mages basically started fighting with Blizzard. Its killing power is not great, but it is a wide range magic and it gives fixed damage called cooling, so it was essential before the great swordsman.

"Anyway, I'm annoyed. Wizards."

Lucas was fed up with wizards who harassed swordsmen with all kinds of strange magic. But it wasn't the time to give up. More than anything, she wasn't just normal in her condition.

As the sharp ice spear flew through the blizzard, Lucas hurriedly threw himself away. However, due to his weakened mitochondrial build, he was unable to dodge completely and grazed his side.

"Damn it!"

Most organisms become less active at low temperatures. In addition, as he braved the cold and swung his sword, his fingertips already had symptoms of erythematous frostbite.

'I think the temperature has dropped more. Are you really trying to kill them all?'

If the schema users suffered from frostbite, the students should have already frozen to death. But in reality, only Lucas was trapped in Blizzard. Suddenly, a blizzard with a narrower radius was following him, focusing on it.

Lucas, completely unaware of such a fact, bared his teeth at Shiina, who appeared through the blizzard.

"Are you crazy? How long will this beggarly blizzard... ... ."

Lucas stopped talking. Shiina's eyes still contained nothing. She has no emotions, no thoughts, no ego.

"no way... ... ."

Lucas' shoulders trembled. He remembers magic with his body, not his head.

Literally, the brain.

Just as prosecutors acquire skills through endless repetitive training, they have reached the stage of embodying specific brain wave patterns even in situations where poetry or memory is lost.

repeat, repeat again. After all, he must have driven his spirit to death without rest from the time he was born until now.

'How long has this woman trained?'

hair stood on end Regardless of her skills, the path of Sura she had walked was drawn in her mind.

'Damn it! It's not like stepping on shit, this.'

should get out of here No matter how good the gold coins were, they were just pieces of metal in front of their lives.

Lucas drew all his strength and ran away. If he got out of Blizzard, he wouldn't be able to catch up. However, his thoughts were delusional, and as a result, he had to pay a heavy price for turning his back on a certified 6th class wizard.

Shiina raised a finger and pointed at Lucas, and after a while Lucas screamed and was buried in the snow.

"Quaaaaaa!"

There was no pain. However, both legs were missing from the schema's human body diagram, as if they had been cut off with scissors. Lucas twisted his back to examine his legs. I couldn't feel the slightest sensation in my frozen legs.

'No, that's ridiculous.'

It was absolute zero (absolute zero), which had only been heard through rumors.

Freezing magic is a magic that extremely restricts the activity of particles through preservation and condensation, which can be said to be the best battery.

By realizing the realm of Absolute Zero, Shiina became a certified 6th-class wizard at the age of only 20.

However, it was a magic that required enormous mental power to the extent that even she could only produce a local effect.

'Damn it! It's a crappy school... ... Students, teachers, they are all monsters!'

Shiina cast the next spell with a calm expression. It was the advanced magic glacier bombing (glacier bombardment) derived from the battery of preservation condensation. As dozens of huge ice blocks were born in the sky, the blood on Lucas' face went away. My legs are frozen and there is no way to escape. I have no choice but to surrender my life to the will of Heaven.

Nade and Iruki ran to the students. It wasn't wide-area magic, but the size of the glacier was so large that I couldn't be relieved. An almond-shaped chunk of glacier began to fall on top of the students as the ice blocks, which were frozen at different points, pushed each other as slowly as their heavy masses.

Nade ran to Arin and grabbed her by the shoulder and knocked her to the floor.

"Kyaaak! what are you doing!"

"Evacuate the students! Otherwise, we all die!"

"no! I'm running out of time!"

Iruki interrupted the two of them and shouted.

"I'll do it!"

"What are you going to do?"

Iruki gritted his teeth without even having time to answer. Is it really possible? It was a glacier weighing several tens of tons. Even if it was exploded with an atomic bomb, the fragments that were split into dozens were a problem. Calculated by the size of the glacier, it was not a matter of breaking a human head unless it was broken into at least 1,000 pieces.

'I have no choice but to try... ... .'

Momentum can be predicted mathematically. If you calculate all the physical quantities of splitting the glacier, splitting it again, and splitting it again, you should be able to explode it before it crashes.

"Goaaaaaa!"

The Breakaway Spirit Zone dug into the center of the glacier. When the atomic spring exploded through the detonation process of the available limit value, the glacier was excited and split into seven chunks.

Iruki activated Double Spirit Zone. Then, he fired atomic bombs like mad and exploded the glacier.

Puff puff puff puff puff!

The ice flower is in full bloom. As the glacier burst, it was separated into fragments, which then exploded and scattered like sparks.

Nade and Arin watched in awe as the chain of explosions unfolded in the sky. Then, realizing the ice pellets were pouring out of the hood, he turned his head to the students. Small fragments fell like hail, but no one was injured.  

Arin's eyes shook in shock. Arcane always disparaged the magic school students. Weak students who take whatever they are given without a spirit of challenge or the will to fight. However, the level of magic school students she experienced herself far exceeded her expectations.

'This is a magic school. what?'

Arin turned his head. When she realized that she was cradled on the chest of an outsider, she reluctantly pushed Nade away, she screamed.

"go away! what are you doing!"

Nade's face flushed red as he hit his butt.

"What, what am I! He helped me at best!"

"Why are you helping me! We are enemies!"

"Who said what? Release the mind control quickly! Are you really going to kill all these people? Are you still sane?"

Arin bit his lip. After today, I will be the main character of a massacre that will be recorded in history, but I was not afraid. Had she not met Kanis in Radum anyway, she would have been doomed to the brink of misery.

"doesn't care. If it's for Canis, even if the whole world dies."

Nade read the futility and arsenic in Arin's eyes. What kind of life have you lived to be able to look like this?

"Young car."

Iruki carried Shiina, who had fallen in the snow, on his back. And I turned to Lucas. Does God really exist even for the wicked? He was wedged between glaciers, barely a few meters apart. But he was so angry that his chin was missing and he could only see the whites of his eyes. He lost both legs, so stealing is impossible. In the end, he was the one who would return to the gloomy prison of Inferno after 7 days of jailbreak.

Phew!

Ned and Iruki turned their heads at the roar that erupted from the forest. A thick beam of light soared through the sea of ??trees.

"wow. What is so big?"

"It's a photon cannon. Have you ever had an epiphany?"

The forest shuddered, and Shirone came out as if spitting out.

Arin's face turned red as if he had just come out of the mud. It was clear that Kanis had the victory.

But her expectations were dashed.

As Harvest fell the trees on the left and right with his long arms, Canis limped out. It was more than Shirone's condition, but by no means less.

Iruki said in disbelief.

"whistle... ... is it?"

"Nonsense. Shirone's photon cannon evolved during battle. Still can't win?"

Shirone stood up from the ground and said.

"I can't win."

Friends doubted their ears. Perhaps it was the first word he had heard since meeting Shirone?

"What, man? Don't speak weakly."

"It is not a weak sound. that child... ... Really strong."

Shirone frankly admitted. He would have been more convinced if he knew that he was a disciple of the Archmage, but even if he didn't know it, he could feel his will in each and every magic.

Willingness not to lose. The will to destroy humans. Willingness to prove that you are the best.

The power of the Photon Cannon was maximized, but Harvest, who borrowed Canis' spiritual power, absorbed even that.

From then on, it was a brawl. He fought a battle of attrition by exchanging the Power of Darkness and the Photon Cannon.

In the end, Kanis successfully countered and pushed Shirone out of the forest.

'So strong... ... Why do you want to harm people?'

If you chose to be evil for whatever reason, you can. Because all humans make mistakes.

However, he could not admit that the evil was strong. Because strength is the product of hard work, not mistakes.

"Why are you doing this? What are you saying the students did to you?"

"Are you kicking it with your mouth because it's out of power? A typical pattern of weak nobles."

Since it wasn't true, Shirone didn't get angry.

"Answer me. What you are about to do is so terrible that it will go down in history. At least I need to hear the reason."

"history? Who cares about that? The abandoned are just holding on to live for a day. If I don't kill someone, I will die."

"Don't try to justify it with sophistry. No matter what kind of life you have lived, there is no one in the world who is not having a hard time. Everyone has to live with the unbearable pain one by one."

"you. Have you ever eaten feces that fell on the ground?"

Shirone shut his mouth. A cold wind blew.

'Canis... ... .'

Arin's eyes were filled with sadness. Those who have not lived in Radum will never know what Radum is like.

It was another world separated from the world.

Kanis and Arin had been abandoned there. I don't remember when we were together or why we were the two of us.

However, they were there from the moment they came to their senses, and even while other friends died or were sold, they survived.

Canis was smart from an early age. Even though he was a powerless child, he showed himself how strong a human being can become when his talent and virility meet.   

There was only one thing Kanis wanted in Radum, which was teeming with villains.

Protecting Arin today.

Women do not exist in Radum. To be precise, she was a woman past infancy.

In places where food is extremely scarce, helpless girls are bound to be eaten at the same time as they are born.

However, Arin survived in Radum until the age of ten.

Radum's only female.

It was Canis who protected the eerie symbol.

He was always barking like a mad dog. When an enemy appears aiming at Arin, he rushes at him with the determination to die.

I couldn't join any organization with Arin. So he lived by sifting through trash cans day after day.

What's really funny is that even trash in Radum has an owner. I fought, refusing to tear my flesh to get the dregs that others threw away.

After such a fierce fight, Canis managed to get half of the moldy bread.

=======================================
[87] Group (3)





Arin has been starving for three days. Also, because she starved for 3 days, Canis hadn't eaten anything for 20 days.

'Ugh! omg! I did it! I got it! I got bread!'

Kanis frantically ran down the alley. After he had eluded his pursuer, he leaned against the wall and exhaled.

My consciousness was clouded and all I could feel was an empty stomach. I can't even remember how hungry I was.

A piece of bread caught my eye at that moment.

Canis gulped down her saliva with eyes stained with madness.

I want to eat. I want to put this in my mouth.

'Yes, I have to work hard for Arin to live. You can eat this much. Arin will be able to hold out for a few more days.'

When I thought about it, it seemed like a really great idea.

Could it be more reasonable than this? Once they eat this, they use their surplus energy to seek food again. Then it will be.

Kanis opened her chin and brought the bread to her mouth. Dried saliva leaked out like a flood, and his hands trembled.

"Keugh!"

Canis closed her eyes and put the bread into her arms. It was all lies. What kind of stamina can you get with just this bread?

'You have to hold on. It doesn't matter if your body is broken. But if the mind collapses, it's over.'

Canis looked around like a crazy person. He was thinking of stuffing his stomach with a stone.

He crawled towards the feces someone had thrown at the entrance of the alley. And before he could think of anything, he reached out and stuffed his hand into his mouth.

"Wow! Whoa!"

In the tongue, in the mouth, in the stomach, the whole body was rejecting it. But Canis swallowed it.

better than stone

Poop was better than stone.

After wrestling with her stomach for a long time, Kanis returned to her hiding place with a weak gait. She was still upset, but as soon as she saw Arin, she held out the bread with a bright expression.

"Arin, voila! I got this."

"Oh, is it real? Wow, that's great."

"Haha, I know the trick. More will be available in the future. Eat quickly."

Arin looked at the bread with sad eyes. She wanted to go out together to find food, but she was suicidal to go outside as a woman in Radum.

I had never talked to anyone but Canis. Thanks to this, I developed an antisocial disorder, but would that be a big deal? At least she didn't become someone's food and go into the stomach.

"Let's eat canis too."

"I'm done. I walked around and ate this and that. There was a big centipede earlier, so I took some nutrition. You can't eat that, so you should eat this."

"I can eat too. How long are you going to treat me like a child?"

Canis grabbed Arin's shoulder with a friendly look.

"Arin, I know. Because you are a courageous child But it shouldn't be like that. Do you know what I mean? The reason I can survive in this hellish Radum is because I can feed you like a human. If you become like me, you might go crazy. So go ahead and eat."

It's something I've heard dozens of times. And whenever she said this, it was Arin who always bit the bread pretending not to win.

But this time it was different.

Arin looked at Canis' mouth with trembling eyes. Something was on it, and it smelled.

"Kanis, you... ... what did you eat?"

Kanis was embarrassed like never before.

"uh? Ahaha! this is a cake The cream fell off and I licked it, but it must have been spilled. Sorry for not talking. I'm so hungry... ... !"

match!

Canis' face turned fierce. She was beaten countless times by things in her back alley, but it was the first time in my life that I had been slapped so painfully.

"Ah, Arin... ... ."

Arin was making a scary expression that Kanis had never seen before.

"Bad baby... ... . How could you do this to me! am i cattle? are you breeding me? You want me to eat this? What the hell am I to you!"

"Arin, it's not like that! This is my punishment! It has nothing to do with you!"

"I don't need anything! I don't need anything like this!"

Arin picked up the bread and threw it away. Looking at the bread rolling in the dust, Kanis turned her head away with an angry expression.

"scale! What are you doing! how did i get this... ... !"

Arin pulled Kanis' face and kissed him. Tears streamed from her eyes as she licked what was on her lips.

It's not a sweet kiss. It wasn't even a beautiful exchange of emotions between humans. Just being born was an act of sympathy between two creatures, sinful in themselves.

Canis only then realized what she had eaten. Tears flowed for the first time since he was born. The sadness he had endured all his life burst out at once.

"Huh! Whoa!"

"Don't do that again. Just one more time and I can't be with you anymore."

"I'm sorry, Arin. Do not leave. you are my only family It's all the reason I live."

"yes. Let's live, Canis. We must live."

Canis, filled with sadness, could not even answer and nodded in succession. But Arin did not forgive him. That day, until Canis ate an entire piece of bread that fell on the floor.



Canis calmly talked about her past as if she were reciting someone else's life.

"We lived in hell. But Master saved us there. He gave me something to eat, gave me the strength to protect Arin, and even gave me Harvest, the essence of dark magic."

People's eyes turned to Harvest. Normally, it was a talkative magical creature, but this time, it kept its silence.

"Okay."

Shirone said.

"What kind of life have you lived? But that doesn't justify killing people. Just because you lived harder than others doesn't mean that bad things become right things."

"Don't get me wrong. I'm not defending you, I'm trying to teach you. How thin the justice you believe in, how pretentious the world you live in. What saved Arin and me wasn't the proud justice you speak of. I am just doing what I believe in."

"There is nothing to be gained by hurting people. Your past will never be comforted unless you first try to understand the other person."

"Kick! consolation? You're just talking nonsense to the end. Can you tell me the current situation? Master is going to destroy this whole school. It includes your friends."

"no. you can't hurt anyone other than yourself."

As Shirone floated the photon on her hand, Harvest spread her wide palm to cover Canis' front. But as if that wasn't enough, she reached out to his arm on the other side and wrapped it around Kanis.

"What are you doing, Harvey? There is no need to be so frightened."

"Dangerous. The temperament is strange."

Canis snorted. The fight in the forest already confirmed Shirone's skills. It was a good wood for a magic school student, but even so, it was just a flower in the greenhouse.

"huh. Anyway for me... ... ."

Canis' expression went blank. The photon cannon floating on the palm was vibrating at a terrifying speed. More powerful than the Photon Cannon cast in the forest. However, the degree of his injury was serious to see that he hid his skills.

'What happened? With this ability... ... .'

Canis and Harvest's analysis is largely correct. However, there was a fact that even they overlooked, and that was that Shirone was an Unlocker who opened the infinite realm.

"This is your last chance. Release the mind control."

Kanis frowned. The fact that he could no longer look down on Shirone hurt his pride.

"Sounds funny. Even if I die, I will follow Master's will. You cannot break my convictions."

Shirone's eyes turned cold. The power of the Photon Cannon, reinforced by the power of the Immortal Function, was on a different level than before.

I don't want to kill people But if Kanis was going to hurt the students, he didn't have a choice either.

"Return everyone's memories. Otherwise... ... ."

The photon cannon emitted light as if it were exploding, and then turned into a sphere of cold white light.

"I can't help but hurt you."



* * *



The forehead of Sade, who was casting the photonization magic on Alpheas's head, was already wet with cold sweat. Viltor Arcane. Although he is an annoying person, the power of the magic he cast was beyond imagination.

'Whoa. Such powerful mind control. This would work in this day and age, right?'

At first I thought it was easy. No matter how much he was given the title of Archmage, 40 years had passed. Magic evolved several generations and dark magic was weeded out.

However, Abyss Nova was so complex that even THAAD, the beneficiary of advanced magic, could not analyze it.

After 20 minutes, I finally felt the energy of light penetrating into the core of darkness. From then on, Sade pushed the light with the best mental strength. The curtain of darkness lifted, and Alpheas' memories began to unfold brilliantly along the flow of light.



* * *



40 years ago. capital Baska.

An unprecedented magic frenzy blew in Tormia Kingdom. The 12th King, Adolf XII, was full of intelligence and a benevolent personality, unlike his predecessors who worshiped military force.

After ascending the throne, he made the magic department, which had been limited to military affairs, independent and attracted numerous talents.

Not only locals but also talented people from other countries came to Baska to study, and thanks to this, the streets of the capital were overflowing with voices of intelligence every day.

It was a common sight for green wizards who had graduated from magic school to gather in a bar in broad daylight and discuss.

Gypsy-style outfits with primary colors emphasized were in vogue.

For women, hair short enough to reveal the neckline was a symbol of intelligence. The men's hair, on the other hand, was long to the waist.

At the tavern, factions formed due to academic clashes, and it was not uncommon for them to be dragged away by the guards after engaging in a fist fight.

The most famous tavern in Baska was the 'Home of the Old Gods', a local bar.

Over 200 tables in a huge hall. People often went up to the central podium and preached magical views.

All kinds of voices came together, and the topics discussed were diverse.

It was the hometown of the ancient gods, where magic disputes were the main focus, but gossip among the nobility was also created in real time.

It was a time of romance.

Alpheas remembered the golden days of his youth like that.

"Oh my, boys! come, come! Alpheas is coming!"

A woman made a fuss at the entrance of the bar, and the women at the table turned to the door with gurgling noises.

"Hello, ladies! It's noisy here today too!"

Alpheas, a pretty young man with blonde hair up to his waist, has entered the hometown of the ancient gods. A young man with half-shaved hair, which was out of fashion, accompanied him next to him. It was Lian's grandfather, Ogent Klumph.

It is unlikely that the swordsman Clump cast invisibility magic, but the women treated him as invisible and clung to Alfeas.

"I waited, Alfeas-nim! What magic are you going to teach me today?"

"You have to moisten it from the neck first. My tongue hardens quickly if it is not wet."

"Knock-knock! kid is funny Alpheas is really fun."

Today's disciples would jeer at him saying that he would be sluggish, but at the time, Alpheas was a popular person who could say anything.

He was a son of a first-class family, a genius who graduated from a magic school with top honors, and he had a handsome appearance and sophistication, so wouldn't there be a woman in the world who would hate him?

On the other hand, the men looked at Alfeas with disapproval. Even people who weren't narrow-minded enough to be jealous of others didn't look nice when they evaluated Alpheas, so I could see how much resentment he was getting from men.

The light of the Mirhi family.

It was an official title for Alpheas at the time, but his nickname was different among those who knew him.

Arrogant Alpheas.

=======================================
[88] Group (4)





Anyone who has been in the magical world will be able to recognize that Alpheas is a human chosen by God. The problem was that they showed off their talents regardless of time and place.

Once there was an argument, it came to an end, and when the other person made even a minor mistake, he persistently dug into it and drew recognition.

Only Klump knew that there was no malice in Alpheas' actions. It is pure rather than arrogant. Passion is too much and people get tired of it.

In fact, Alpheas was the kind of person who would admit his mistakes without hesitation and congratulate his opponent on his victory.

The problem, however, was that this was rarely the case.

Alpheas walked around the table and mingled with people as if waiting for beer was boring. Clump looked at him worriedly that he might have another accident, but shook his head as if he had no energy to stop it.

"Sarov! Did you come over for a drink in broad daylight?"

Sarov, whom Alpheas welcomed with open arms, was a native of the capital and was one of Alpheas' few rivals. Although he loses in every argument, the prevailing opinion was that he would be the best prospect in the photon series, if not for Alpheas. Of course, Sarov's feelings couldn't be good, but Alfeas approached without hesitation.

"Oh right. Sarov, did you submit your thesis to the royal castle this time? I read it for a while, but it was very interesting."

"what? Why are you looking at my thesis?"

"Isn't it obvious? I'm also a photon major, and the royal librarian is my ardent follower. Well done anyway."

"That, is it? How is it?"

Among the young wizards of the time, the highest value was to work in the Magic Department under the Dragon Lair, with their thesis recognized.

Once the thesis was accepted, there was no more honorable position for a wizard because it covered all the expenses for the research as well as the private laboratory.

Since it was Sarov who submitted his lifelong masterpiece a week ago, he couldn't help but wonder what his rival, Alfeas, had to say.

"You pointed out the characteristics of light well. It was spotless. The part about energy concentration honestly felt like a shot."

Sarov's expression immediately brightened. However, Alpheas did not just let it pass this time.

"But there was one error. It's the wave nature of light. That is plainly a false theory."

"What are you talking about? That light is a wave has already been verified through experiments."

"Yes, but I have a different opinion. If you look at the results of recent experiments, there are too many things that cannot be explained by waves alone. Maybe light is more like a particle."

"huh! Alpheas, now that I can't do it, are you even bringing up such gossip? Numerous critics have pointed out errors in the particulate experimentation process! If light is a particle, how can we explain a wave? Those two are completely different concepts!"

Whether light is a particle or a wave was the hottest issue in the era in which Alpheas lived. Although the wave theory was popular, a few scholars were constantly raising objections, and Alpheas was one of those people.

"Do you really believe the critics? I also saw the data that found the error in the particulate experiment process. But it's not a scientific approach. Could that be the true error?"

Sarov, who was drunk, hit the table and stood up. I was suffering from insomnia because of my thesis, but Alfeas was fanning the house on fire.

"Okay! Who asked you to rate my thesis? If you're really that confident, why don't you write it down and see it! Have a good laugh at the world with that nonsense logic!"

"I am saying this out of concern. Even if it falls now, shouldn't it be reinforced later? Isn't it important to realize the facts, not the thesis?"

Sarov couldn't stand it any longer. In the end, what you want to say isn't 'you fell this time'?

"go away! I won't even talk to you from now on!"

Alpheas licked his lips and returned to the table. He didn't look particularly upset because he thought that arguing with a rival in the same major would be beneficial to both sides.

However, Klump was worried about Alfeas.

The first time we met was at Basuka's inn. Clump also came to Seoul from Creas, so the students studying abroad were in harmony, and it had been a year since they went together like that.

To be honest, I had no luck. Even if you look at yourself as a prosecutor, but what about the wizards who are your rivals?

"Alpheas, what kind of chicken are you? If others can't do it, you can just assume that's the case. Why are you always trying to fix it?"

"Where are you sleeping as a man? What is wrong must be corrected. That is intelligence."

"I am Do you know what people call you? Arrogant Alfeas. That's your nickname these days."

"ha ha ha! is that good? I like it even more than Mirhi's bright, chicken-inducing nickname."

Magic is a realm of talent, and Alpheas was endowed with talent to overflowing. No matter how hard he tried to hide it, humility was only a pretense to him who thought that talent shines in the end.

"This, too, is the destiny of a genius. now! Don't worry too much, let's have a drink. Hey Raphne. Pay close attention to the snacks. This fellow eats more than bears."

"Ho-ho-ho! If Alpheas-nim wants it, I'll give it as much as he wants!"

There was plenty of love in the eyes of Raphne, the bar waiter. Judging from the way she behaved, it seemed that this woman was also infatuated with Alfeas. Alfeas' attitude toward all women like his lover made Klump's bones throb.

It wasn't even that I was in a serious relationship. There were also a lot of men who missed opportunities because they were grabbing hold of women by scratching the surface of watermelons. Even if it wasn't limited to magic, Alpheas was a public enemy to the men here.

"Rafne-san now? Rather have a proper relationship. What the hell are you thinking?"

"Huh, as you know, I am everyone's lover. And it's not even about working. Everything melts in my murderous smile."

Alpheas touched his chin and smiled. She was definitely a look that women would love madly.

Does laughing like that really work? Klump, who had no connection with women, raised the corner of her mouth as an experiment.

"how? If I do this, will I get a killer smile too?"

"Oh, yes! Is that a real killer smile? killer smile. Fuhahaha!"

"wanna die?"

"ha ha ha! It's a joke. Actually, it was pretty close. Make sure to wear that smile at the party later. Because women will fall in love with it."

"party? Do I have to go there too? I'm not even a wizard."

Tonight, the Bastard family is holding a party with the theme of Young Wizards' Night. Although the family had no special ties to magic, at the time, holding a party under the name of each star was one of the ways to establish the authority of the nobility.

"Is there a way to ask only wizards to come? Everyone from all walks of life will gather, so make some connections. Skills are skills, but connections are also important."

"It's kind of funny that those words come out of your mouth."

"What can I do? First of all, you have to climb high to spread your meaning. In any case, follow me unconditionally. Do you know if you will find your other half there?"

Clump, who was filled with a desire for the sword, was not interested in personal connections. But at his last words, he couldn't help but flinch.

As Alpheas said, who knows? Will a country prosecutor from the countryside fall in love with a sophisticated city girl?

Clump cleared his throat as if he had suddenly caught a cold.

"Hmmmm! So, where should we go to see?"



* * *



The mansion of Bastard, one of the wealthiest families in the capital, was splendid and splendid, as if it had crossed the borderline of the law that no aristocratic building should be more luxurious than the royal castle.

300 crystal chandeliers adorned the hall's ceiling, and marble tables decorated with gold leaf were generously served with delicacies from all over the world.

To the music of the musicians, nobles danced with their partners, while elderly politicians chatted over wine.

"hello? It's called Ogent Klump. Did you come alone?"

"Kyaaak!"

Upon seeing Klump, the woman screamed and ran away. How can I not be surprised when a man who looks like a cow thief is wearing a perverted smile? It was literally a killer smile. Klumph froze as if in shock, and Alfeas burst into laughter as he approached and patted his back.

"Puhahaha! Are you really saying that? Oh, it's a boat."

"Damn it! I'm a fool for believing what you said Anyway, where are you coming from now?"

"Beautiful women talk so much. I came from over there to talk to you."

Clump looked at the direction Alpheas pointed. City women of sophistication were glancing at Alfeas, blushing at her.

"Damn it. I think the back of you is more handsome than the front of me. Everyone is looking at you."

"haha! Never mind. Aren't they all like that? Since we're here, let's eat until we're full."

There were many delicacies that could not be seen in the countryside, so it was a car that Klump had been waiting for. Alfeas burst out laughing as he headed to the table thinking that he had to fill his stomach as much as he could without noticing that the women had become a loner. I liked this simple but positive friend.

While Clump gobbled up the food, Alfeas was struggling to deal with the nobles who came every five minutes. Especially when he personally visited the head of the Bastard family, all the nobles looked at Alfeas.

"Nice to meet you. You are the rising god, Alfeas."

"I am honored to have recognized you. What a party. Thank you for inviting me to this event."

"Chuck! It is my pleasure to associate with young intellects. See you often in the future."

"Yes. If you call me, I will gladly attend."

"yes. Then have fun."

The conversation was short, but the fact that the head of the Bastard family had more than two words with a wizard who was just starting his social life was a great sign of goodwill.

Alpheas, who turned around in satisfaction, made an absurd expression when he saw Klump frantically stuffing meat into his mouth. It was clear that he was quenching his uncontrollable blood with food.

"Isn't your chin tired? Where does all that food go?"

Klump munched the meat and pointed at his biceps. Alfeas shook his head and turned around. She felt the stares of many women, but she was bored with him. His lips were purring and he was checking to see if anything interesting was happening when a woman from across the hall caught his eye running between tables.

"yes?"

The first thing that comes to mind is that wizards are definitely not. It was a simple dress, not a gypsy-style outfit, and above all, she refused to wear short hair, a symbol of intelligence, and wore her black hair down to her waist. Seeing them running around with a plate in one hand and a fork in the other, it didn't match the atmosphere of this place, which emphasizes formality and dignity.

"what? that person Aren't you the eldest daughter of the head of household?"

Intrigued by Clump's words, Alfeas did not take his eyes off the woman and asked while slightly turning his head.

"The eldest daughter of the family head?"

"Did you come to the party without knowing that? After all, he's a guy who can't be found polite."

"do not know. Okay, so please explain."

"My name is Bastard Erina. She is 19 years old this year. It can be said that it is the only trouble of the Bastard family."

"Troublesome? Haha, is it because you have a tomboyish personality?"

"no. A little less intelligent."

Only then did Alpheas look back at Clump. Perhaps it is true. This bear-like friend I met in Baska wasn't the type to crack jokes.

=======================================
[89] Group (5)





"I was in an accident when I was young. So his intellectual age is about 10 years old. How did you come to the party when you said you couldn't leave the room?"

Alpheas looked back at Erina with a complicated feeling. However, she was greeting her youth with an innocent smile, not caring about the eyes of others on her.

As is often the case at proms, she seemed to be looking for a partner. But no one gave her her good-natured smile. With a rather awkward expression on her face, she was busy avoiding her seat after only saying hello once in a while. Even that was possible because of the authority of the Bastard family.

Alpheas glanced at the cap on the other side of the table. As expected, his face was flushed and he was purging. Then she couldn't stand it and shouted at her wife.

"Did I tell you not to bring Erina? Bring it out right now!"

"Honey, hold on. Erina likes to party too. It would be a waste if you try to bring it down and make a fuss. If you leave it alone, I will take it without anyone knowing."

"Eh! I'm shy. Shame on our family, shame!"

Alpheas pouted his lower lip. I understand how you feel, but it's a disgrace to her daughter anyway. Of course, I am well aware of the position in society of the first-class nobility. Alpheas was also born into a first-class family and was even given the chilling nickname of Mirhi's Light.

'It's just like looking at my old house. Anyway, nobles.'

Alpheas did not take his eyes off Erina until the music changed three times. What I found out was that she was purely enjoying the party. She seemed satisfied with just the fact that she was greeting people.

But what kind of people are wizards? They were arrogant servants who regarded ignorance as evil. I could see him laughing from the front, but then turning around and mocking Erina, who had fallen less.

"Clump. hold on for a second No, you drink."

After passing the glass, Alpheas turned to the ballroom and Clump hurriedly called and stopped him.

"What else are you going to do? Please don't make an accident in a place like this."

"The lesser ones are rejecting the favor of the lady because they learned a little texting. As the most popular person in Basuka, I have to step in and raise her status."

Clump's bear-like strength turned Alpheas back.

"Alpheas. you, that's bad To Erina-san, her sympathy might be taken as a mockery. enough of these people Don't make her miserable anymore."

Clump was sincere. The usual dark eyes disappeared, and the eyes glowed with justice. Alpheas smiled and patted Clump on the shoulder.

"Anyway, it's simple. Do you think I don't even know that? So far, I've never lied to any woman. All sins arise from discrimination. don't you know this word? If you start caring, her life will become a caged bird. I have thoughts, so leave it to me."

"Are you serious? are you really going to do it Hey, hey!"

Alfeas, who was crossing the ballroom, looked back at Clump and gave him a killer smile that everyone recognized.

"Do not worry about it. Because I am everyone's lover."

When Alpheas arrived, no one was around Erina. Unknowingly, all of them had left his place. However, she was enjoying her apple without even looking depressed, as if it was her daily life for her.

"hello? It's a fun ball."

Erina stopped munching on an apple and blinked while looking back at Alfeas. She could tell just by looking in her eyes that she was less intelligent, before they even spoke.

But it was pure.

It was so pure that it felt like I was projecting the emotions of others like a mirror. Maybe this is her real reason for her people to avoid her, I thought.

"ah! hello! It's Erina!"

Erina greeted with a bright smile as if she realized something. However, her reaction was definitely different from when she watched from a distance. She seemed to be afraid of something unknown.

'but. He'll be the first to talk to you first.'

Alpheas bowed politely and greeted.

"My name is Wizard Mirhi Alfeas. I'm lost in my beauty, so I'm finally here to say hello. If you'll excuse me, would you be my partner at the prom today?"

Erina blankly opened her chin. A piece of her apple rolled into her mouth. No matter who saw it, the emotion of 'what happened to this?' was revealed as it was.

Suddenly, Erina lowered her head. She then, without a word, turned her body and passed Alfeas.

Alpheas was bewildered. To put it simply, the expression 'it was blacked out' was accurate. Was it too close to the standard of a normal person? After coming to his senses, he hurriedly threw his body to block Erina's way.

"Now, wait a minute. Was I in too much of a hurry? sorry. It was because I wanted to get close to Erina-san."

Erina still had no answer. She was just staring at the ground and stamping her feet to find her way out.

But this time, Alpheas did not give up either. He blocked every corner she was trying to get out of and talked to her incessantly.

"OK. If you don't like dancing, we'll talk. Let's talk. I'll tell you a very funny story. Are you interested in constellations?"

"I'm going. I want to go into the room Are you scolded by your mother?"

"Why are you scolding your mother? No one scolds you for her. You came to the party, and this is how I apply for a partner."

"I told you not to tell me. When he talked to me he said he was a bad guy. I want to go into the room."

Alpheas was frustrated. No, I was nervous. The technique that had won the hearts of countless women was gone, and the only thought was that he wanted to make eye contact with Erina one more time.

"I am by no means a bad person. Look at my face. How is this the face of a bad person?"

Alpheas grabbed her shoulders with both hands. At the same time, Erina let out her scream as she raised the game.

"Kyaaaagh! no!"

All the nobles in the hall turned to Erina. It was a spectacle of Alpheas committing atrocities no matter who saw it.

"mom! Help me! mom!"

"Erina! look at me! I'm not trying to hurt you!"

"mom! mom!"

Among the wizards invited was Alpheas's rival, Sarov. While watching Alpheas' absurd acts, he was speechless. I knew he was crazy, but I never imagined that he would be such an idiot.

"It's not enough that you grabbed all the Basuka girls, so now you're even going to seduce a retard? I went crazy because I wanted to succeed."

Most nobles thought the same. Even if she had less intelligence, she was the eldest daughter of the Bastard family. If she seduced her, her future was the same as mine.

The only person who knew Alfeas' true feelings was Klumph, but when things got to this point, he let go too.

'Ah, a psychotic bastard. It's shit you made, so clean it up.'

Erina was struggling, close to having a seizure. If she was a warm-hearted person, she would let her go in front of her family, but Alpheas clung to her shoulder.

"Erina, wait a minute. look at me See me."

"mom! Scared, Mom!"

"Erina!"

When Alpheas shouted, Erina's movements stopped. But a trembling that was much more fearful than before came through.

"Please look at my face just once. I will ask you this."

Erina slowly turned her head with a terrified expression. I could see the burning eyes of Alpheas. The hot energy was sucked in, and even her heart seemed to heat up.

"Well, how are you? Nothing happens. I'm not a bad person. I won't do anything if it's something you don't like. But it's a party. Don't you want to dance?"

Erina's expression was filled with excitement that could not be hidden. Particles of light breaking on crystals, the sound of music by musicians, and the sounds of many people chatting and chatting. She just wanted to laugh like everyone else.

"Miss Erina. i want to be with you Please be my partner tonight."

There was no answer, but I had no intention of listening. Alfeas, holding Erina's hand, walked to the center of the hall. She was toddling like a baby just taking her first steps. And for the first time in her life, she was in the arms of someone other than her family.

As the cunning musicians resumed playing, Alpheas started dancing, leading Erina. The nobles looked stunned. Even her Erina's parents looked at her speechless.

Alpheas didn't care. Because Erina doesn't care. I entrusted my body to the music as if only the two of us existed. It was a dance that was far from dignified. But it was instinctive and passionate. Spinning like a top, he often lost his balance and collided with people. The more she did, the louder her laughter grew. By the time 10 minutes had passed, Erina was able to become the host of the party for the first time.



* * *



Playful laughter echoed through the garden. Alpheas and Erina, who almost ran away from the party and ran away, ran frantically through the forest.

Alpheas, who had reached the end of the garden, stuck out his tongue and breathed heavily. Humiliatingly, Erina didn't look very tired. She said her stamina was weaker than that of a woman. Thinking of cutting back on her drinking, he looked up at the sky.

It was a night full of stars.

Erina had a surprisingly quiet personality. But according to her words, isn't she the well-known Alfeas in Baska? She continued the conversation without stopping so that the atmosphere did not have time to cool down.

As time went by, I got the illusion that Erina was telling the story. No matter what topic was brought up, she listened silently. Sometimes, when she smiled as if she understood, Alfeas became more excited and poured out her words like a waterfall.

In the end, the story went beyond the question of the identity of the photon, which has been a concern lately.

Is light a wave or a particle?

Sarov defined it as a wave, but Alfeas was convinced it was wrong. But that didn't mean advocating granularity either.

To be honest, I don't know. All I had to do was start by admitting I didn't know what I didn't know.

"Isn't it very rare? Light is a really strange property. Interference experiments reveal wave nature, but on the other hand... ... ."

Alpheas stopped talking when he realized that he was too absorbed in his story. Since he was talking so frantically, he didn't even pay attention to the fact that it was Erina who was listening. She was squatting on her lawn, looking down the garden. But the smile on her lips was still beautiful.

"ha ha ha! Did you talk too much? I think it's the first time we've talked like this for a long time. I usually get tired of it."

"You are a good person."

Those were the first words Erina uttered. And Alpheas blinked as if he had heard such a story for the first time. He couldn't figure out why his heart rate suddenly increased.

My mind was confused.

why am i here What the hell am I expecting from this woman?

It was an unknown world. A world where you can't judge anything because the desire to enter and the fear coexist.

Alpheas turned away. She went on with her story as if she hadn't heard her.

"haha! It's embarrassing, but I have to write a thesis because I'm a wizard, but I don't know anything about it. I don't know which way to take the strand. What do you think of Erina? Is light a wave or a particle?"

Erina wasn't disappointed with Alpheas' attitude. She said as she stood up from her seat and looked up at the stars floating in the sky.

=======================================
[90] Group (6)





"Light is beauty."

"Yes? I beg your pardon?"

Alpheas asked. It was natural that he did not know photonics, but this kind of answer was unexpected.

"The light is beautiful. Flowers are beautiful too. We are beautiful too. But the light you speak of... ... It doesn't sound pretty."

Alpheas felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer. It was a direct hit in the form of a pure thought that could not be cast into words.

"Yeah, that's right. But why is light so beautiful?"

To Alpheas, light was just a photon. But Erina, as if she knew everything, answered without hesitation.

"The light shows the darkness. How do we see the night sky without light?"

The world has gone silent. like the universe

Alpheas didn't say anything. The thoughts he really wanted poured over his head like a waterfall.

Why would you want to differentiate between the two? If you take a step back, you can see it so clearly.

Because it is beautiful.

Any contradiction becomes no contradiction.

"It is beauty. You are so beautiful, Ms. Erina."

Erina turned her head while smiling innocently like a child. The moment he saw her smile, Alfeas made up his mind.

To remember this moment for the rest of my life.

Alpheas knelt down to Erina. Then, in her most polite gesture, she held out her right hand.

"Please be my light."



That night 40 years ago.

Confession under the moonlight was a happy memory to Alpheas that could not be exchanged with the rest of the world. A gentle smile appeared on his lips as the Abyss Nova curtain was lifted.





Reversed Master/Servant (1)





Canis glared at the white light burning on Shirone's palm. It was an overwhelming presence. Of course, he had the belligerence to run towards death without hesitation. He just thought that even if he died, he had to find his money.

- Harvey. I'm on the side of fighting let's stick

- That magic. How fast? It may not be possible to avoid it.

- You can block it.

- If you can't stop it, you die. If you die, I will perish too. I'll have to fight in the end, but there are too many variables.

Exchanging opinions at the speed of thought was a huge advantage in battle. However, there was also a disadvantage of not knowing what kind of judgment to make if opinions were divided into extremes.

"How did this happen?"

It was an unexpected voice that broke the atmosphere of the confrontation. A shadow rushed in from the cliff like water, and a scrawny old man rose to the surface of the darkness.

It was Archmage Arcane.

The impression of Arcane, who grasped the situation at a glance, was crumpled. The reason why he was able to do his best in Etela was because he was convinced that the situation here had already been sorted out.

Arcane believed in Canis. No, he firmly believed in Harvest, who was subordinate to Kanis.

However, when I arrived, the situation was completely different from what I expected.

Lucas is down with a miserable face, and Canis and Harvest are being threatened by a youngster.

"Sorry, Master."

Arcane was not a generous person. Ignoring Canis' apology, he turned coldly and glared at Shirone.

'I heard it looks familiar.'

He resembles Alpheas. Rather than the face or appearance, the temperament felt throughout was similar. It was the same with the spirit of speaking confidently even in the eyes of the archmage.

"Did you plan this?"

"Young people are cheeky. What is your name?"

"I don't want to tell the murderer his name. Get rid of your mind right now and leave school. Otherwise, I won't let you go."

"Heh heh heh."

Arcane burst out laughing. I wasn't angry. However, the criterion for him killing someone was not anger, but how much fun he could have. In that sense, Shirone was a ripe fruit that could be cut off right away.

"I'm sorry, but I can't release mind control. Because the disciples of Alpheas must die."

Sensing a sense of death, Shirone fired the photon cannon without realizing it, with goosebumps all over her body.

It was obviously an accidental shot.

Arcane lightly turned and evaded the photon cannon. And he turned around only after confirming that the magic had dissipated.

"The radius of the Spirit Zone is 52.7 meters. It's quite good. That's pretty good for his age."

Even photons cannot exceed the limits of the physical world if they contain mass. However, since there is a basic speed of photon output, it was much faster than most flying objects. It was not human sense to evade the photon cannon for an instant and measure the radius of the spirit zone.

Shirone gritted his teeth and compressed the photons again. He met a master whose competence he couldn't figure out, but he had no choice but to fight to stop hundreds of students from free falling down a cliff.

"Stop it, Shirone."

Ethella walked out of the mountain. Her clothes were torn, exposing her bare skin, and she was covered in dirt from head to toe.

"Don't rush into it. Arcane is a dangerous character."

Arcane's brow wrinkled. She enjoyed her battles with her, but her food, which had already been trampled and soiled, had long been erased from her memory.

"The loser has a thick face. If you saved your life, you should cherish it."

Shirone and the others were shocked. Could it be that Miss Ethella was defeated by an old man with only her bones left? Bishop of the Karsis Monastery. Jonah, the authority of the Spirit Zone. Certified 6th class wizard. Her titles that qualifies her are not something she can afford to take care of.

"Nonsense. Teacher Ethella... ... ."

Nade wondered if it was possible. Of course, there are 5th and 4th graders in the world, but I couldn't even imagine what level it was to be stronger than Etella.

Shirone asked while supporting Ethella.

"Are you okay, sir?"

"so so. But it will take time to recover."

"What happened? Who is that? Why are you doing this?"

"Viltor Arcane. He's an archmage who rose to the unofficial level 3 40 years ago."

The eyes of Shirone and the others wavered. Any magic school student knows what an unofficial 3rd class is like.

The wizard's grade is classified into 10 levels, but there is a specific section where the honor and achievement points that must be accumulated for promotion jump unimaginably high.

It was the 7th grade to the 6th grade, and the 4th grade to the 3rd grade.

If the 6th grade was the executive level of the wizard society, the 3rd grade was a position that could take the head of the kingdom's core facilities. Considering that even Alpheas, a certified 4th-class wizard, was the principal of a private school, it was possible to guess how high-ranking a wizard Arcane was.

"Arcane has a grudge against the principal. She won't back down until she gets what she wants."

"You talk a lot over and over again. Complaining to your disciple will only make you more miserable."

"I am not interested in winning. I am a teacher. I will do anything to protect my students."

"therefore? What can you do? Do you think you can stop me now, who couldn't win even if I attacked with all my might?"

"The bluff is too much. Arcane."

Arcane's impression changed terribly.

"Obviously I couldn't stop you. But you also don't have the mental strength left to focus on battle, right?"

Ethella's words were half right and half wrong. In fact, the magical power of the arcane that cast the Dark Family was only 10% of the normal state. However, it was 10% of the Archmage. It was enough power to sweep away the exhausted Ethella and her fluffy youngsters.

"Times have changed. I asked him to come because it was cute, and he didn't even know the subject and fluttered his snout?"

Arcane raised his magic power. It was 10% left to kill Alpheas, but it didn't matter. Troublesome calculations did not fit his outlook on life.

"Master, leave it to me."

Canis interrupted. Abyss Nova is a gigantic magic that consumes so much mental power that ordinary wizards cannot even try. If he cast such magic and went through battle, even Master would not be in a normal state.

Arcane looked back at Canis displeasedly. He could not tolerate challenging authority, even as a disciple. However, after thinking it through, he turned to Shirone with an interesting expression.

"Hey, sweetheart. Are you also a disciple of Alpheas?"

"Don't call the principal's name carelessly even though he's a murderer."

"Keukkeuk! Is that so? You seem to respect him quite a bit."

Shirone didn't even feel the need to answer. How could she not respect her? Alpheas was the one who opened his eyes to magic and the benefactor who enrolled him, a commoner, in magic school.

"It doesn't matter if you're an archmage or a third-class. Compared to the Headmaster, you are not even a wizard."

"Puhahaha! Fuhahahaha!"

Arcane burst into laughter. But his eyes were burning with rage.

'Alpheas. How long have you been living under pretense? don't you know That you don't deserve to be respected by anyone.'

Having made a decision, Arcane nodded.

"good. It would be fun to watch the disciples fight. Canis. Contend with him."

"Yes. Thank you, Master."

Canis finally felt relieved. It was an opportunity for him to make up for the mistakes he had made so far. However, Harvest had a different idea.

- Canis. Think again. Better leave it to Arcane.

- What are you talking about? I've already disappointed Master. Now, even if I die, I have to defeat Shirone.

It was never a good thing to have disagreements with each other in a situation where a battle was ahead.

- Harvest. Answer me. No matter how much you are, you can't give up this much. We will fight unconditionally.

Harvest had no answer until the end. I was embarrassed because I had never been like this before. However, he couldn't show weakness as long as Arcane was watching.

When I used the Dark Fort to move to the place where Shirone was in an instant, Shirone cast teleportation and flew off the cliff. This was to ensure that the students were not affected as much as possible.

"huh! Are we going to have a dogfight?"

If the night sky was covered with darkness, it was not a disadvantageous field for Canis, who moved to the Dark Fort.

On top of a 1,000-meter-high cliff, the two spread their firepower while flying reminiscent of every fight.

Shirone condensed seven photons in front of her and fired them all at once. The Photon Cannon, which was activated in the infinite realm, was several times stronger than before, but the repulsive force was as great as that.

Every time I cast magic, my consciousness went away moment by moment. The infinite realm that threatens the opponent and at the same time collapses one's own mental power was definitely a double-edged sword.

"What about that... ... ."

Ethella blankly looked up at the sky. Her shockwave-generating photon output was something she had never seen before.

A dazzling beam of light from the Photon Cannon split the night sky. It was as if a golden pen was being stroked on a black canvas.

Iruki and Nade were mesmerized by the beam of light. Indiscriminately firing a powerful photon cannon with a single shot was tantamount to weaponizing a human named Shirone.

"It is also great. But would that be okay?"

"I just have to believe it. You did well at the presentation."

"But it was different from then. It's a situation where you're fighting for your life right now. You may cross the line without even realizing it."

Ethella looked back at the two and asked.

"What do you mean? So you're saying Shirone has been to Immortal Function before?"

"Yes? Oh, that's true... ... These days, it seems like I do it whenever I'm bored."

Ethella sighed. That she wouldn't even pretend to be careful when I warned her that her life could be lost. Well, if it wasn't for that passion, such rapid growth wouldn't have been possible.

=======================================
[91] Reversed Master/Servant (2)





Canis, avoiding the flash of the rampaging Photon Cannon, was embarrassed like never before. Why are you not tired? It was as if the limit of mental power had been cut off.

- Harvey! I'll get it this way!

Harvest still hasn't received any comments. It was ominous because it had never been like this before. Besides, I couldn't figure out why. Canis knew best that she was not a magical creature foolish enough to remain silent during battle because she felt bad for a disagreement.

- Harvest! Answer me!

A photon cannon brushed past Canis, who was paying attention to the mental channels. He hurriedly turned his back, but it was obviously a belated response. It wasn't that it was dodged, it was that it wasn't hit.

"what?"

About 10 flashes of light were fired from Shirone. But this time, too, the aim was not accurate. Canis finally realized. Numerous flashes of light were extinguishing all the darkness that could travel to the Dark Fort.

'This crazy... ... !'

If he couldn't hit it, it was a strategy to hold on and defeat him. It makes sense, but isn't it too ignorant? He had already fired more than 200 shots of mentally consuming magic like the Photon Cannon. Even so, far from getting tired, the number of flashes continued to increase.

'How big is your mental power?'

The thought gave me goosebumps. As dozens of photon cannons filled Kanis' field of vision, despair filled his heart. A bunch of flashes were coming in, blocking all possible routes to the Dark Fort.

'This is unavoidable. It's over.'

It was angry and cynical. He was more afraid of being defeated by the wizard of light in front of Master than dying.

- That's annoying. Arcane.

- Harvey?

The dogfight begins and the first mental channel opens. Harvest stood in front of Canis and received the Photon Cannon with his body. A bizarre groan leaked out as the whole body of the magical creature shook at the shockwaves coming in succession.

Thinking that the surface alone could not be absorbed, Harvest opened his body wide and swallowed the Photon Cannon whole. His body trembled, and his waist, which had been said to be as thin as a tiger, inflated like a balloon. His body's absorption power was fully activated and began to digest the photons. Then he gradually returned to his original form as his body contracted.

"Ouch... ... !"

Canis bent her upper body with a shocked expression. The reason Harvest was able to absorb the Photon Cannon was because he used his mental powers. However, arbitrarily borrowing power without approval was impossible due to the master/servant's contract.

- Harvest?

- Wake up and get ready!

Harvest, who absorbed all of Canis' mental power, flew to Shirone and brandished his claws. Shirone, not accustomed to close combat, was cornered. Harvest's speed was nimble enough to catch up with an evasive action by teleportation. How could this be? It seemed even stronger than Canis.

Ethella, who had the same thoughts as Shirone, looked back at Arcane. From the way he watched the battle with emotionless eyes, I could tell the full story of the situation.

'Viltor Arcane. What a cruel man you are.'

The reason why the best magic creature was attached to Canis wasn't because he loved his pupil. To him who was burning with his vengeance, disciples were nothing but consumables to fulfill his will. A fuel tank that can maximize the power of Harvest. That was the significance of Canis' existence.

As Shirone increased the link speed of teleportation, Harvest's movement became faster. Canis' complexion turned pale like a corpse's. He couldn't even think because his mental strength was drained. Only emotions like betrayal and deprivation echoed in my head.

- Harvest. why?

All that came back was silence. The life in Canis' eyes died when she realized who was the owner. Tears welled up as everything that had passed passed by like a kaleidoscope.

Shirone took refuge on the ground. He had his blood dripping from his wounds, which had been cut as if cut by a knife.

'The Photon Cannon doesn't work either. There's not much time left to unlock Immortal Functions.'

Canis, who came down with Harvest, put her hands on the ground. The pupils were out of focus. Harvest didn't care and rushed at Shirone. The battle had to be finished before Canis' mental strength was exhausted.

Shirone thought while dodging Harvest's sharp claw attack. The situation that had been winning a moment ago was reversed in an instant.

master-servant reversal.

As Harvest, who was only an assistant to Canis, came to the fore, things began to change. A magical creature that has no fear of death. Could there be a more demanding enemy on the battlefield? The Canisra was a combat weapon that moved while sucking the life out of the fuel tank.

'Combat weapon... ... ?'

Shirone suddenly realized that he was mistaken. She had been obscured by Harvest's intellect until now. The meaning of the reversal of master and servant was simple. Enemies changed from living to inanimate. Then, of course, magic had to change accordingly.

Revamping her strategy completely, Shirone canceled the photon cannon and cast a photon output. The photon cannon is dangerous because of its impact force, which destroys living things. However, physical force was not important to Harvest, who had no life for him. If you are specialized in absorbing energy, you can destroy it with energy that exceeds the limit.

Since the photon output is pure magic and does not even have mass, it was more flexible than the Photon Cannon. Moreover, the immortal function was still open. When Shirone's power, which transmitted light with 100 percent efficiency to 300 hologram devices installed in the school, was concentrated in one place, a beam of light large enough to cover a person's body was shot.

"Great!"

Harvest was pushed back as if being buried in the light. He had no physical powers, but smoke was rising from his body made of dark matter. However, since he is immune to light, the nature of photons did not help. Only the energy contained in the photons could cut him.

'I need stronger energy.'

Shirone came up with the formula that energy is the square of the mass and the speed of light, a representative formula of photonization theory. God Particles are batteries that impart mass. Then it was possible to convert mass into energy by reversing the formula of photonization theory.

Cells of photon output were reconstructed based on mass. When combined with the omnipotence of the Immortal Function, mass began to be converted into energy in real time. The pleasure felt when the theory and reality matched perfectly was incomparable to anything else, and Shirone felt a thrill as she took her first step into the unknown world.

"I-what is that?"

The eyes of everyone watching the battle widened. The photon output began to taper off, emitting a blood-red glow. I didn't know what kind of magic it was, but the color alone was threatening.

Iruki recalled a story about a certain phenomenon of light that he had heard from his father, the leader of the dragon.

"that... ... Are you sure it's not a laser?"

"laser? what is that?"

"The light energy is highly amplified. Could it be called the ultimate evolution of the flash series? But how is that possible?"

Razor was a matter of brute force, not talent or effort. It took at least 10 years of mental rebound to gain enough strength to amplify photons with lasers.

However, if you take a mathematical detour, the story is different. Shirone, who reconstructed the theory of photonization based on divine particles, amplified energy through mass conversion rather than brute force. In other words, the original battery developed a new route.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Harvest struggled in pain. The laser was extremely thin compared to the photon output, but the energy it accumulated was beyond imagination. Color wasn't a problem from the beginning. The real danger was the invisible heat rays outside the red wavelength. The single-wavelength laser was vibrating molecules and generating enormous heat.

"Harvest!"

Canis clutched her painful head and screamed. The fact that a huge shock hit the brain meant that the limit of energy that Harvest could absorb had been exceeded in just two seconds. It was the power of Shirone's new magic laser pulse cannon.

Harvest tried his best to digest the energy, but the molecular vibration speed was too fast. As the amount of absorption reached saturation, it increased in size and eventually inflated like a balloon.

Etella observed Arcane's reaction. Seeing that there was no change in expression even in a situation where defeat was dark, I felt uneasy.

"Canis! Stop giving up!"

What's next for the massively bloated Harvest? It may be annihilation, but it may be a much more terrible ending than that.

"shut up! I will fight!"

"You are being tricked by Arcane. Harvest is not your subordinate. Rather, you were Harvest's subordinate. Arcane just used you."

Canis didn't answer. He'd be lying if he said he wasn't feeling anything. From the time he heard that the final product of the archmage, the magical creature, would become his, he thought that it might be possible. He just didn't have the courage to face reality. If he admits the truth, there is nothing left for him.

"I win! I'm not afraid to die! I will never give in to the likes of you!"

When he came to his senses, he was in Radum, which is called the hell of the world. To Arcane, he was just a consumable. To Harvest, whom he considered a friend, he was nothing more than a fuel tank. It didn't matter anyway. Only the heart that hated the world remained.

'Canis... ... .'

Arin covered his mouth and wept. Canis has always been such a child. She was a poor child who could do nothing for the people she loved, but torturing herself.

"Master! Save Canis! please!"

I didn't even think of being a teacher. Still, he bent over his pride and ejaculated in order to save Kanis. However, Arcane only gave orders to Harvest with cold eyes.

"End here. Harvest."

The energy-saturated Harvest couldn't answer. He was about to explode, making a sound with vibration. And that was the result Arcane wanted.

- Canis. listen carefully.

- Harvest.

- Arcane intends to explode me. Probably everyone in this place will be caught in the explosion. Then you and I are finished.

Arin solved the mental control of the students. And rushed at Arcane, pouring her tears and her snot.

"Save Canis! Otherwise, I will not forgive you!"

"scale!"

said Canis, standing up.

"What are you doing to Master? Stop right now."

"Canis! This human... ... !"

"yes. Master saved us from hell. He said he allowed me to get out of Radum. That's enough. I will fight to the end."

Did Canis really mean it? But it didn't matter now. His anger burned so intensely that he even felt relieved of his own death.

"yes! We will all die together!"

Canis shouted to the sky. Hot tears ran down his cheeks. What a dirty life she was. However, if that is his fate, he will face a disgusting end until the end.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Huge bubbles bubbled through Harvest's body as the molecules boiled. Now anyone could tell. Arcane was thinking of blowing up the entire school.

"Shirone! stop! Harvest explodes!"

Shirone, who was pouring out energy in a trance, heard Etella's words and hurriedly stopped the output. However, a detonation reaction was already underway in Harvest's body. He foretold that the 2nd and 3rd explosions would occur when he bizarrely twisted the angle.

"Ha ha ha ha ha! bye! You must feel dirty dying with trash like me! I'm going to end everything with this!"

- Canis. sorry.

Canis' face hardened.

- I will cancel the master-servant contract.

Harvest absorbed all the remaining mental power and canceled the contract. Kanis, feeling deprived as if her soul was draining, fell to her floor with her face in shock.

"Uh, why... ... Harvey... ... ."

Harvest flew into the sky. How many seconds were left before the explosion? 3 seconds? 2 seconds? In the process of running towards the end of life, the memories permeated in the form of vibrations were revived. Harvey. Harvey. Harvey. It was a pity to think that I could no longer hear the voice I used to call out.

'Quack. Canis. you have that problem Pretending to be strong unnecessarily.'

Since there was no life from the beginning, he was not afraid of death. I was just worried. The sense of betrayal I received through the mental channel was still felt as if we were one body. But since he couldn't convey anything now, Harvest just hoped.

I hope Kanis isn't hurt too much.

At an altitude of two kilometers above the ground, where voices could not reach, the corners of the mouth of the shadow's face were grotesquely torn.

"It was fun though. Canis."

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

There was a huge explosion that destroyed the darkness of the world.





(end of volume 4)

=======================================