
The Terrible Truth (5)

Shirone suddenly thought.

'Could countless universes repeat birth and extinction in that small glass sphere?'

If human life and all its joys and sorrows were just a momentary flash trapped in that glass sphere.

Shirone asked.

"Why do we exist?"

What does existence mean to a God without a mind?

"Hexa." A mechanical sound echoed through the white space.

"It is infinite because it is two."

Arius stopped at the first voice of the god he heard, but soon resumed his search.

"Ultima. I need to extract Ultima... ... Even though he was clearly in the same space, he was acting as if God were not there.

"There is one perfect world."

A circle drawn with light was born on the right side of God, and on the left side as the standard of the outside world.

"This is your world, your whole. No matter what you add or subtract, it is always right, so existence is also defined."

God asked.

"Isn't that enough? Defined and living. But the moment the two worlds meet."

A circle of the same shape was created on the opposite side and connected in the form of a figure eight lying down.

"infinite."

Nothing can be defined.

"How do you think that there is [something] higher up? The end is nothing after all. Your attachment is nothing more than a perceptual error in which you feel that even nothing exists."

"It won't change anything."

Shirone said.

"Nothing is natural for you. But humans are different. I feel every moment as reality, and I live by embracing every moment. Even if it is an illusion, it cannot disappear like a bubble for the sake of you."

"Human."

God asked

"Why do you think there are no humans here?"

"??????what?"

"Didn't you guys make me? That's why I exist. Gods of the inner world, you are but the shadows of the human beings of this world, the Illuminati." I vaguely assumed it, but when I heard it through the upper body, I was speechless.

"Why do you deny me? Why don't you turn away from the truth? You, who do not accept me, are in error."

Shirone bit his lip.

'It could be.'

Because God is always right.

'The sum of all causes. That's why denying God becomes denying me.'

It was Nane who emerged from such a paradox.

'Are you there?'

In the world of the Illuminati beyond the glass, has he finally found rest?

'really... ... Are you satisfied with that?'

God said.

"Hexa, like the original Illuminati and Gaians, mankind must unite into the void. It is the repetition of reincarnation, realizing impermanence in life and returning to Idea."

"Then what about Guffin?"

God didn't answer for the first time.

"Guffin didn't think there was anything. And many Gaians followed him. Of course he could be the wrong choice. If he hadn't tried to escape the photon system, Ultima wouldn't have been destroyed either."

"It was an error."

It was the best choice of words God could answer.

"error? So where is the guffin now? Did you realize your mistake and become the Illuminati as you said? Is that why you didn't even come to meet me when I came?"

Again, God was silent.

"Should I guess? Guffins are not here. Because you sent me, what you call an error, into the world."

"... ... They are very similar."

It may sound negative, but Shirone was in a good mood.

"yes. because my father Like Gaia, I will follow in the footsteps of Guffin. Because the heart he left behind in this world will be bigger than the universe you created."

"Guppin left nothing behind." God said.

"Hexa, the only truth is me. This is because it is the final result selected by an infinite number of universes. There are no consequences beyond me. The guffin became nothing."

"no."

Shirone touched his chest.

"Still alive. in my heart."

"I can't see it."

The sound of the machine sounded much colder.

"What is there? Hexa, what you are talking about is the organ called the heart. Not a guffin."

compromise is impossible.

Shirone glanced at Arius, who was crawling around and licking the floor.

"Hehehe! This is the taste of Ultima!"

I'd like to believe there was an intention, but more likely it was simply madness.

Shirone looked away again.

"What are you going to do with us?"

"nothing."

I didn't feel any emotions.

"I only maintain the world and correct errors. I am not the enemy of humanity or the monster you think of me."

Perhaps that is the most perfect stage, Shirone thought.

'I have to go back to reality.'

If a compromise could not be reached, all that was left was a battle.

'There is no going back to the reversal of the accident. If we don't turn back time itself... ...

The first thing that comes to mind is Tachyon's phrase from Jet in Apocalypse.

'I don't know. What kind of content is it?' If you know the meaning, you can memorize even the longest chord, but Jet's phrase was just a simple string of syllables.

'keyword. If you can clearly understand the meaning of even one word.'

At that time, all codes can be deciphered in an instant through his Ultima system.

'Do I have to connect after all?'

If you connect with God through the small world creation, you will be able to attack the world of the Illuminati.

'The probability must be at a hopeless level.' It was supposed to become Oparts as soon as it was connected.

"Hehehe."

Then laughter was heard.

When Shirone turned his head, Arius was staggering with his lightsaber spilling out.

"Yeah, wasn't it that easy? such an idiot. No, genius! I am a genius!"

Then, suddenly, he rushed at God.

"Ultimada!"

"No!"

At the same time Shirone shouted, Arius held the glass ball in his arms.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The electricity passed through his bones, and he burst into laughter.

"Hahaha! got it! I caught God!"

As the glass sphere fell with a thump, Arius lovingly licked the surface with his tongue.

"Hehehe! Is this the taste of God?"

"Ah, Arius... ...

At that time, Shirone made a tired expression at the sight of blood flowing from the torn tongue.

"Huh!" As the electricity inside the glass sphere spread brightly, Arius' upper body bent like a bow.

"Oh go go! Go go!"

Seeing that a blue light was lit inside the bandages covering her eyes, Shirone felt it.

'It's becoming an o-parts.'

"uh?"

Arius, who had stopped convulsing, made an ecstatic expression.

"??????wow."

After watching until that point, Shirone suddenly came up with a trick to solve the difficulty.

'It's the only chance.' It was a way to indirectly decipher the god's information by casting a small world window on Arius.

"Be patient!"

The moment she put her hand on Arius' back, Shirone's face turned pale.

"Big!"

Perfect mindlessness.

'I can't stand this. I think my heart will freeze.'

At that time, as consciousness gradually fades away, a blue light begins to drift from Shirone's eyes.

'yes'?'

A woman's voice sounded like a whisper.

- Illuminati.

Then, pieces of information from the outside world began pouring in like bullets.

humanity's farthest future.

Upon reaching the end of their journey, humanity decided to make one of the most crucial decisions in history.

-There's nothing more I can do. We have to throw the whole thing away and start over.

So humans created gods.

-Because they are two, they are infinite.

God gave man infinity.

- Through the mechanism that connects the outer world and the inner world, life is endlessly reincarnated. God will control. From now on, we go beyond creatures and become truth.

Feeding and breeding were strictly prohibited.

- What about the children?

Hearing the woman's words again, Shirone felt a sense of incongruity even for an instant.

'Child?'

someone has bred

-It will be fine. Because the final authority belongs to our family. I'll try to find another way.

The identity of the child is unknown.

However, Ultima's 11th sense transcended their language system and deciphered their conversation.

'what'?'

A fact you don't want to believe.

-... ... also explain As young as I am, I have a lot of curiosity. Friends care too.

I try to deny it, but the person who comes to mind automatically the moment I hear the name is definitely... ... .

'Habits?'

Kiyiying!

A mechanical sound exploded in the glass sphere, and the small world window was forcibly blocked as if cutting a nerve.

"Keugh!"

At the same time Shirone stepped back, Arius flew away with a bang.

"warning. warning."

The glass sphere transmitted the voice at high speed.

"Illuminati search activity detected. blocking access. Final Stage Approval for Error Correction."

It was a message from the god telling the end, but Shirone heard nothing.

"haha."

The outside world, glimpsed in an instant, conveyed only one truth.

' really??????

Is it just a dream?

'If all the memories of the time I've lived are just shadows in this world.'

The concept of "I" is an obvious fallacy.

Sometimes we become water, air, birds, and sometimes others.

'It's just an existence that endlessly reincarnates.'

"Big."

Arius stood up.

Because he shared the same information as the small world creator, his feelings were no different from Shirone's.

"what are you doing?" He spoke in a clear tone that could not be seen as a madman, and picked up the glass ball on the floor.

"Once you got the Ultima, let's go back." he added.

"To our world."

Shirone understood Arius' words.

'yes. It is not a dependency relationship. Our world is not the cowardice of the outside world.'

Currently, God holds the effect, but man can also change the effect with the cause.

'Nothing is over yet.'

Like Guffin, Syrone can choose

It was time.

'Amy.'

friends and everyone he loves.

"Go back."

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As Shirone closed her eyes, black dots began to appear in the vibrating white space.

'It was a zeta function.'

What is the secret of the Gu-gyeol that Jet gave you?

'For humans, infinity is an object of thought, but for God, infinity is something as clear as our 1.'

Only to explain the reality of infinity, Jet transmits that tremendous code.

'I can turn back time.'

The white space completely disappeared, and the interior of the black hole that sucked them in appeared.

Arius held out the god in his hand.

"Look at this."

The sphere's membrane disappeared and only the blue electricity remained, swaying chaotically.

"That's Ultima."

It was not much different from the Ultima that Shirone had obtained from Babel in Heaven.

"okay. But still inside the black hole. Surely it won't be sucked in again, right?"

"Well."

A light smoke resembling a miracle stream gushed out from Shirone's body.

The difference is that black dots, like foreign substances, are mixed in the brilliant light.

"That light... ... ?"

No, should I say darkness?

"Tachyon."

The moment Shirone spoke, the light and darkness mixed wildly and burned like fire.

'A signal born out of nothing.' It was a superluminous particle that only God could command, controlling the cause with imaginary time.

The Terrible Truth (6)

Arius muttered.

"Tachyon?"

The darkness blooming within the Miracle Stream is a sign of nothingness that cannot exist in this world.

Shirone's eyes widened, and Tachyon's ominous light expanded like the sun.

As the negative and positive energies cause a pair annihilation, the black hole begins to evaporate.

"Oh, oh!"

Arius checked the familiar landscape through the cracks in the tearing darkness.

'The psychology of Ymir's mother.'

As the cracks in light increased exponentially, gravity also rapidly diminished.

Chijik. Chijik.

A noise was generated from the Ultima in Arius' hand.

"Remember."

As contact with the outside world was cut off again, God's voice became faint.

"Imaginary time????? Even so... ... everything... ... result... ... god

arrangement of... ...

The last message disappeared in disgrace, and the darkness of the black hole was finally completely lifted.

"Shirone!"

Miro, Gaold, Sein and Kang Nan were still waiting on the ground.

Sein muttered.

"What is Ultima?"

As if he had heard those words, Arius held out the Ultima extracted from the outside world.

God was silent, and the most powerful intelligence became a phenomenon to the inner world.

came over

On the other side of the universe, 5 planets, bound by the number 5 of the law, Ymir realized.

'Hehehe.'

It was so huge that the senses of the body, which I couldn't even feel my presence at all, began to return.

'done.'

My arms, legs, fingertips and toes were clearly felt, and my muscles began to contract.

'It was really long.' The planets of the Five Stars, which had remained as dots smaller than the body, were quickly distorted.

'wait. Don't break it at random.'

The rhythm of power that had been gathering for quite a long time finally reached the mind.

"Aaaaaaa!"

With the spirit spreading at the speed of sublight, the number 5 of the law was destroyed.

Ymir's Depth Level 1. Shirone felt simultaneous events that had been blocked until now rushing in all at once.

'I see.'

So many things happened.

The reason why the connection with other simultaneous events was cut off after <Butterflies of the Firstborn> was activated was that the information from the outside world that Shirone had received was so heterogeneous.

But now the barrier has been broken down, and Shirone in another simultaneous incident has also realized Tachion.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

Arius said as Ymir's depth 1 shook like an earthquake.

"It's a big deal! Ymir is being released."

Shirone felt it too.

'There is no time.'

If the king of giants returns to Shirone's planet, then there will be nothing left.

"Let's go down first."

When Shirone and Arius landed at the place where Gaold and the others were, the maze approached.

"What about Ultima?"

Arius was a blasphemer in the outside world, but he was a mouse in front of a cat in the labyrinth.

"Hey, here... ...

Miro, who watched the dynamically shaking blue electricity, finally smiled.

"I told you. Can I do it?"

"Haha, yes... ...

Arius was thrilled and raised his head, but blood suddenly poured from his mouth.

"Wow!"

"Mr. Arius!"

Since they had traveled the outside world together, Shirone was the first to support him.

Miro asked.

"What happened?" Arius's face was rapidly growing pale, and his breathing was getting weaker.

Shirone said with a sorrowful expression.

"I logged in to extract Ultima from the outside world. In a human body, in the intelligence of God... ...

There was no way to express it clearly, but Miro nodded in understanding.

"yes."

"Ouch!"

Arius coughed up blood again.

"it's okay."

Although he intuited the end of his life, the corners of his mouth were raised peacefully.

"Here, take it."

Arius held out Ultima to Miro.

The only person who knew what he had accomplished would be Shirone.

'Something much bigger than risking one's life.'

He fought to the end for his heart, Maze, even after realizing the emptiness of the outside world.

"whatever? Why do I take it?"

Miro said coldly, looking down at the dying Arius.

"You're not saying you're going to die just like that, right? You, it's an escape. Stop talking nonsense and get up quickly."

"Hehehe."

Arius burst into laughter.

'I'm a lucky guy.'

How many people in history are there who were born as humans and penetrated the spirit of God?

'But the best of my career is... ...

Having seen Maze's spirit.

'Do not worry. I won't regret it, and I won't be afraid. Do I not know you?'

The last clots of blood poured out.

"I'm sorry."

I have to stand by her side a little longer and save her face by pretending to be cold.

"I... ... I really have to die now." For a moment, Miro's nostrils gained strength.

"yes?"

she can't be sad

There is no blind spot for the Thousand-Armed Guanyin because it maintains immobility under any circumstances.

Miro, who hit Arius' arm while handing him the Ultima, knelt beside him.

Then, as he buried the dying Arius' face in his chest, he whispered softly.

"Good job."

The corners of Arius' mouth, glistening with blood, went up.

'It's really rare.'

Grave robber Arius.

Even his reputation as one of the world's top 100 dangerous people was so far from justice that he was proud.

'How did I come here?'

For the sake of mankind, I had never thought that I should live a good life from now on.

'just... ... It was fun.'

Whether it's good or evil, it seems like there's no need to worry about a person's life.

'still.'

It was nice to be able to sleep in a sanctuary for good.

'What will I become after I die? really... ... Will that world be waiting?'

I imagined myself smiling dejectedly, knowing that it was only a dream.

"Quack."

fuck or fuck

'Even if I live twice, no, even if I reincarnate hundreds of lives, I... ...

Mirora will serve the god.

'Okay?'

As Arius's head fell to the side, Miro finally held Ultima in his hand.

"This is it... ...

"Give it to me."

Everyone turned their heads at Ymir's voice.

"It is mine." A lot of words that could be refuted came to mind, but the reason why they couldn't come out of their mouths.

"crazy."

It was because of Ymir's smiling face like a demon and the speculation that seemed to overwhelm the world.

Miro handed over Ultima to Shirone.

"get out. I will stop you."

"But... ...

"That is our only hope. I will stop Ymir, so you quickly make it into an object."

If you enter Dremo and use Louver's authority, Ultima becomes a perfect object.

'Can they survive?'

Miro and Gaold are both masters he acknowledges, but Ymir, whose source of power is threatened, is on a different level.

"Make an offer."

Contrary to what was said, Shirone and the others felt sick to their stomach.

"It looks like my body will soon regain its freedom. At that time, neither of you will survive. Someone scarier than me will come in."

Superego, the ruler of the mind.

Like Shirone before, Ymir's super ego must be in a weakened state after being restrained.

'It's different now. If Ymir gains power... ...

Sein asked.

"What do you want to say?"

"If you leave Ultima as it is, I'll send it back to you. Let's compete outside."

"Heh, how can we say that... ... Sein reduced his words.

'I have no choice but to believe it.' If the strongest ego in the universe tells a servile lie, wouldn't that be sad too?

"Decide. There are 30 seconds left." Cuckoo Cuckoo!

The first level of depth vibrated violently, and a huge hand entered through the heavenly curtain.

Aaaaa!

Opening the sky with both hands, I saw a gigantic giant that took my breath away.

'Ymir's super ego.'

"Twenty seconds."

The group looked at each other with their hearts pounding at Ymir's countdown.

Thoughts were read even without words.

"Run away!"

At the same time as Sein shouted, everyone in the party ran without looking back.

Sein was not ashamed.

'Is this right. Fighting that monster because you're crazy when you don't get anything? If you extract Ultima anyway... ...

Ymir's mind will split into 10 billion pieces.

"it's over. We won."

"Ten seconds."

Ymir's eyes slid open, and the superego in the sky raised a fist.

No matter where you run, you die instantly.

'There is no way to escape... ...

"Oh Dae-sung!"

Louver and Mong-ah were waiting with the gates set up to get out of Drimo.

Shirone shouted while holding out her Ultima.

"hurry! There is no time! If I don't convert it to an object... ... !"

"Five seconds."

Aaaaaaa!

Superego's screams made his ears go numb, and Louver pointed at the door and shouted something.

"......I"

No one could hear.

Standing at the top of an ivory tower with a view of the sky.

"Big!"

Argones distorted his impression by making a violent sound like never before.

"Did they invade after all?"

With Syrone's contact with the outside world, Argones gained the right to end.

"I will destroy mankind."

Just as Argones was about to activate the cell buster, Taeseong struggled to open his mouth.

"Wait."

"wait? What are you talking about? No matter how much you love humans, humanity has crossed the line."

"It is not so. I can convince you. Shirone, answer me. Do you really want to fight to the end?"

Even Shirone in the Ivory Tower now knows the reality of the Illuminati.

"I just want to protect my world."

"Yes."

Taeseong looked back at Argones.

"Nothing has happened yet. give us a chance You can'?"

This time I told Thing.

"Stop it now. Do you really want cell busters to trigger? Are you saying that sticking to your ideas is really more important than the existence and annihilation of all mankind? Trust me. I will protect you as the representative of mankind."

Thing's face contorted.

"Big."

Even the most subjective woman in the world was lost in this situation.

'What the hell are you talking about me?'

"Thing."

Shirone said.

"I got Ultima."

"??????what'?"

"In the outside world, at someone's expense. Now humanity can unite. That you no longer have to fight alone."

Is it true?

"As you said, everyone except me might be an illusion. But can you trust me? Leave it to me."

"Huh...

Singh's face turned into a tear.

'It's really amazing.'

Shirone doesn't know, but Son Yu-jeong couldn't stand it for 10 minutes and her hair turned white.

"integrated."

Singh said in a hoarse voice.

"Can we live together? No more doubting each other, no need to tremble with anxiety... ...

Shirone said with a sorrowful look.

"yes." Singh did not move for a long time, but everyone in the Ivory Tower calmly waited.

"okay."

And finally... ... Singh's arm, which was restraining Taeseong, began to fall slowly.

"I will trust you."

The piercing was broken.

But Singh's face looked relaxed and had a pretty smile that I hadn't seen before.

'You know how to make a face like that.'

It has no meaning now, but with this, the stars of the ivory tower have become one again.

Shirone held out his hand.

"let's go. I have a lot of things to help you with." "Hmm."

The moment Singh tried to hold the hand, Shirone's eyes suddenly widened and his body shook.

"Huh!"

"Shirone?"

Singh couldn't even move the report.

It was because the eyes of the woman stabbing Shirone's heart from behind were too cold.

"How arrogant you are, man."

It was Taeseong.

The Horrible Truth (7)

"Tae, Taeseong... ...

There was no life, no hostility.

No, even if there was, Shirone probably wouldn't have been able to respond.

It was about that size.

"Why me... ...

In the lonely fight for humanity, the size of your heart that you relied on Taeseong.

Taeseong straightened up and pulled out his hand.

"Ugh!"

As Shirone fell to the floor, she looked at her bloodstained hands for a moment.

Thing's gaze went down.

"Shirone."

A clean fatal blow.

Gentle convulsions were all Shirone could do.

"Yeah."

Taeseong said as he wiped away the blood.

"Why are you doing such a useless thing?"

Sensing a chill that seemed to freeze his soul, Singh asked with his shoulders trembling.

"Did you trick us?"

"What are you talking about?"

Even Singh, who did not believe Taeseong, must have forgotten one thing.

The fact that she is not human.

"I am the manager. We cannot leave alive those who have infiltrated the outside world."

When Taeseong turned Shirone's body over on his feet, a frowning face was revealed.

"Turn it off! please!"

"Heart stopped. Regeneration is impossible. I don't want you to try anymore."

Shirone gritted his teeth.

'Die.'

I tried to move my heart with the Miracle Stream, but it didn't budge as if it had become steel.

'The legal code has entered. Regeneration is... ...

Shirone's eyes rolled up, and at the end of her consciousness, her vision narrowed like the eye of a needle.

What came to mind at the last moment.

-Save yourself from the terrible truth.

'I'm angry.'

Even the feeble sound of breathing disappeared, and Shirone did not move, revealing the white of her body.

It was death.

"uh... ...

Singh stared, dazed.

I watched Shirone's death right in front of me, but I still couldn't organize my mind.

The only thing that moves is anger.

"I will kill you."

Staring at the life in Sing's eyes indifferently, Taeseong moved on.

"You still sound stuffy. I have no life. And now humanity is over."

She stopped in front of Argones and said.

"Let's start."

"Hmm." The manager is a program that manages an independent area, but eventually moves under the god's computing device.

Singh didn't know how much they knew about each other, but... ... .

"Cell Buster."

Argones' expression was not pleasant.

As his body differentiated into numerous anticells, Thing, who came to his senses belatedly, reached out his hand.

"no!"

However, when Taeseong regained his freedom, nothing could stop them.

"Keugh!"

Taeseong blocked Singh's law, and Argones transformed into countless cells and soared into the sky.

'finished.'

Because he has a stronger opinion than anyone else, even his fighting spirit disappeared the moment he thought about it.

"Huh!"

Singh fell to his knees and wept.

Taeseong is approaching.

"I didn't want to go this far. If possible, I wanted to live with the children I created."

"Huh. How, how could he not hear anything at this moment, so Tae-sung turned around.

"Please, in the next reincarnation... ...

She, too, flew into the sky, and only her cold voice remained in the ivory tower.

"I hope you don't make this mistake." What remains is the crying Sing, the devastated Yin and Yang, and "Aaaa! Aaaaa!" It was Shirone's corpse.

Spirit of Ymir.

After leaving the gate installed on the first level of depth, Shirone and the others turned around with a surprised expression.

"Mr. Louver."

Luver, holding Ultima, was still in Ymir's mind.

"I'm sorry."

Sein, Miro, Gaold, and Kang Nan did not know what he was trying to say.

"Oh Dae-sung."

Mong-ah put on a sad expression.

"You made a big mistake." And at that moment, an incident occurred in the Ivory Tower where Taeseong stopped Shirone's heart.

"Huh!"

I learned the whole situation belatedly, but before I could do anything, Shirone collapsed.

"you... ...

The moment Miro rushes first, Gaul Dewa Sein, and Kang Nan follow.

"The outside world."

Louver said.

"Something no one should ever approach." The gate closed at the same time as the incarnation of the Thousand Hands Guanshi Yin discharged the capital.

"One second."

Aaaaa!

The fist of Ymir's superego was within reach of them.

Whoa!

A powerful shock wave pushed all the atmosphere in the depth 1st stage and exploded in a flash of light.

In the place where everything was swept away, Louver looked at the giant's fist that had stopped in front of him.

"Take it."

Louver handed over Ultima, but the giant's fist didn't even move.

Avatar, Ymir asked.

"Is it a deal?"

"no. Are there any more left?"

Shirone and the others returned to reality, and the only thing left in reality was the destruction of mankind.

"You're annoying."

Of course, if Ultima had been extracted, it is already unknown what would have happened to Le's future.

However, if he had only been afraid of such a problem, he would not have yielded a blow to Guffin.

so that.

"Gaaaaa!"

Ymir was furious.

The incarnation's blows were violent enough to stop the heart of a creature.

Louver calmly kept his seat.

"Don't take it."

When the giant's index finger and thumb picked up Ultima, it instantly permeated and a black hole was born again in the sky.

"I hate being in debt. If there is anything you want, tell me."

"Are you going to the human world?"

"then?"

It was the hottest battlefield in the entire multiverse.

"Destroy, thoroughly. If you are the last one left, then I will recognize you as the strongest."

Louver and Mongah disappeared.

"huh."

He had no particular complaints about the proposal, but he was displeased with the thought that God was putting him down.

'wait. Because you're next.' Having made a deal anyway, she was sure of what Ymir had to do.

"Quack! Shall we play properly?" annihilation of all mankind.

Thing's heart fell endlessly.

"I couldn't make it."

Soon, anticells would attack the world, and mankind would return to nothingness through the first cells.

"If only I had been a little stronger. If only I had pushed through a little more... ...

"Oh Dae-sung."

Where Singh turned his head, Yin and Yang Zi stood.

"Thank you so far."

"you."

I realized what I was going to do.

"I don't know how long it will last, but at least it will give humanity time to react." It was a strategy to temporarily delay Cell Buster's law by using the power of Taegeuk.

"no. We still need your strength. Yahweh is dead too. If you guys leave too... ...

Yangji shook his head.

"You know. Human thinking cannot reach the perfect Taegeuk. We are determined."

Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

A thunderclap was heard in the sky, and the silvery anticells began to differentiate.

"There is no time. Please let me do it." Thing gritted his teeth.

Even if they stop the cell buster for a while, what's the point?

'The reason I have to fight to the end.' to take responsibility

"request."

When Xing's decision was made, Yin Zhi and Yang Zhi smiled and nodded at the same time.

"Bye... ...

The bodies of the two women who opened the immortal function shone brightly, and their minds scattered into the world.

and after a while

Grrrrrrung! Grrrrrrung!

The anticells that had covered about 1/10 of the field of view began to gather again into a single point.

Thus, a huge aggregate of cells gathered in a circle like the moon was born.

Sensing a vibration that seemed like it would explode at any moment, Sing hugged her body.

"You have to think."

In the short time the two have earned, mankind must find a way somehow.

"please??????

Amidst her blood-drying nervousness, her gaze turned to the cold Shirone.

"Aaaaa!"

Kang Nan woke up screaming.

From dream to dream, from dream to dream again, after going through countless dreams within dreams... ... .

"Huh! Huh!"

It was an unfamiliar yet somehow familiar temple.

'It was a terrible nightmare.'

After thinking about that for a while, she realized that this was Galliant Island, not far from Tormia.

"Shirone!"

It wasn't just a dream, and where she turned her head, everyone in the party was awake.

No, not everyone.

Miro approached Arius, who was lying peacefully on the bloodstained bed.

"bye."

Holding his forehead, she looked back at the temple the Kergos had prepared for her.

"No one came in."

It was an enclosed space, but the silence, deeper than silence, created an ominous feeling.

And another one who hasn't woken up yet.

"Shirone! Wake up, Shirone!"

Kang Nan shook his shoulders, but Shirone closed his eyes and remained motionless as if he were dead.

"What happened?"

As Gaold approached, Sain said.

"It must be the aftermath of a simultaneous incident. It must have been a fatal shock in another space."

"But it is strange. Simultaneous events are incarnations. If it's really fatal, I can't keep it." After a moment of silence, Miro opened her mouth.

"It is dead."

Everyone looked around the maze.

"Dead?"

"He was mortally wounded, but his mind is awake. In other words, the heart is dead, but the brain is alive."

Kang Nan opened his arms.

"Does that make sense? When your heart stops, it means you are dead."

"How do you know?"

Kang Nan kept his mouth shut.

"Has your heart never stopped?"

"That, that... ...

"Of course, this would be an unusual case. But this situation happened because such a peculiar thing happened. In other words, Shirone is currently dead... ...

Miro raised his index finger.

"live."

two... ... .

'please! please!'

Shirone desperately tightened her heart.

'Jump!'

pounding! pounding!

When the stopped heart finally started beating, a tremendous shock hit the body.

"Huh uh uh uh!"

The moment he jumped up, it was Thing who was rather surprised.

"What, what?"

Watching with an absurd expression, she saw Shirone in pain and crawled away.

"Shirone! Shirone!"

"Big!"

His body, which wanted blood, was as hot as if it were on fire, and the wounds on his back were still intact.

"From hemostasis... ... !"

Sing concentrated on the law as blood poured out.

When the recovery power of the Miracle Stream was added on top of that, the bleeding was quickly stopped.

"What happened? Aren't you dead?"

"He is dead."

His heart stopped, so of course he did, but his brain wasn't even paralyzed yet.

"I'm sorry, Thing. because of me... ...

"no."

Thing shook his head.

"I didn't decide based on what other people said. I did it because I understood. You persuaded me."

Thank you for saying that.

"The cell buster has been activated. We have to find a way to stop it."

"Where is Taeseong?"

This time, Singh was also angry.

"You still don't know? We've been tricked. Administrators are just servants of God anyway!"

Of course, Shirone thought so too. But... ... .

"Why didn't you aim for the head?"

"yes?"

"Why heart? No, it could have burst your heart. Why did you stop it?"

"Are you crazy? Tae-seong tried to kill you!"

"Know. But I don't know. God, can a perfect arithmetic device make such a mistake?"

"that's... ...

Thing couldn't answer.

"This is an important matter. You must check."

"what?"

"Maybe Taeseong... ...

Just like the reason why the jet we met in Apocalypse was different from many jets.

"Maybe something went wrong?" In other words, it is called the mind.

The Horrible Truth (8)

Thing asked.

"error... ... Called?"

"Otherwise I don't understand. To have blown the best chance to kill me like this."

Thing couldn't dispute that either.

"What are you going to do now? I'm blocking Cell Buster with Taegeuk's power, but I can't hold out for long."

Shirone saw a mass of anti-cells compressed in the sky.

"The reason cell busters are scary is because anti-cells are endlessly differentiated. If you destroy one, it becomes two, and if you destroy two, it becomes four. If it is differentiated like that, eventually the number of humans will increase, and the world will perish."

"Is it still increasing?"

The proof was that the mass of anticell was vibrating.

"If you go on like this, you will explode. And when it explodes, numbers we can't imagine will pour into the world."

"I will find a way."

"how?"

Shirone shook her head.

"I don't know yet. But... ... If she is him, maybe she has the answer."

Ardino Fermi.

'Because he's smarter than me in this way.'

After the wound healed somewhat, Shirone stepped back from Sing, who was supporting her.

"This is the end of the Ivory Tower simultaneous incident. I will meet Fermi at the temple, so Sing must summon the remaining stars and come to him."

"Before that, there is something I want to ask you."

It was luck for humanity that Shirone survived, but there were still some unpleasant parts.

"What do you think of Taeseong? Yin and Yang made sacrifices. Make an accurate judgment."

"I believe."

Shirone was adamant.

"Of course, I don't trust the manager. That's clearly my mistake. But there must be a reason why Taeseong didn't kill me. It had to be."

"If not?"

Thing asked.

"What if there was no reason for that? What if you thought stopping your heart was enough?"

"then... ...

Shirone's eyes flashed with life.

"Never forgive. Not only Taeseong, but even Shin. You will pay the price for scorning mankind."

Thing smiled.

"That's enough."

Because the yin and yang would have said the same thing.

"See you at the temple."

Shirone's body faded away, leaving only Thing at the top of the Ivory Tower.

"Are you alone again?"

By the time the idea blooms again that we can never know the truth of others.

"Oh Dae-sung."

The stars of the Unified Space Management Department have entered.

'mini. Ariana. Kira.'

Most of the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower are injured or dead, but there are still comrades to fight alongside.

"let's go."

Sing decided to trust Shirone.

Electrical phase space.

Managers communicated in the invisible realm where radio waves intersect at the speed of light.

It was just a cold exchange of signals, but if you put them in a human way... ... .

"Why did you do that?"

Anyone would think that Argones was angry.

"What?"

"Couldn't you have killed it more reliably? It was as easy as cutting off his head or destroying his brain." The spread of Taeseong came late.

"I don't know what you are talking about. It was not my intention that Shirone survived. I just did the best my program could do."

This time, Argones did not respond.

Administrators all have their own sectors to prevent system disruption.

'Why are you like that?'

If we were to humanize the information being analyzed in the sector of Argones, it would be something like this.

'Clearly, it's hard to see that the Gaia program changed methods for humanity. That's the same level of contradiction as me not triggering a cell buster.'

'error?'

Should I report to the higher sector?

If it was a program, it should have been, but Argones couldn't put it into practice.

"Stop it. If you doubt me, I won't leave you alone either."

Although on an equal footing, when viewed systematically, Gaia is higher than Argones.

'The source is blocked. Why are you like that?'

Argones asked.

"I don't want to collide with you. If there really isn't a problem, it's just a matter of letting the core system decide."

"No problem."

Just when Argones was trying to find another route to bypass Taeseong, a new radio wave came.

"It prevented humanity from having an Ultima."

It was a louver.

"Good job. What about Shirone?"

"I got out of Drimo. Is it the work of Taeseong? I think it was an excellent decision."

"You said you got out?"

The radio wave of Argones pushed strongly.

"yes. i sent it That was the only way to put my medicine on Ymir. There is no Ultima anyway, so the only thing left is the destruction of mankind."

is it?

'Why are these things like this?'

Argones suddenly had this question.

'Could it be that I am an error?'

Taeseong said.

"There is no need to complicate things. Aren't you also in a state where the Cell Buster is blocked? If you suspect a miscalculation as a systemic error, you are not free either."

Mona asked.

"By the way, where is the hidden code manager?"

Lethe of Oblivion.

Managers who realized the absence sent radio waves at the same time, but there was no response.

"This is an error."

Not sending any signal at a critical moment when a system from the outside world is being attacked.

Louver said.

"We can do what we have to do. In each sector, destroying humanity and closing this universe."

"great."

Argones approved.

"We conclude that there is no problem in each sector except for Lethe. No more mistakes in judgment will be tolerated. In the future, I will monitor all programs."

Taeseong said coldly.

"If you can."

"... ... Disappointing."

If you were human, wouldn't you have said this?

After the managers' meeting ended, Taeseong returned to his system.

In the dark space where the blue light passed, she was kneeling somewhat.

'I can't report this.'

One command after another was pouring in from her own system.

'Why?'

'Why?'

why? why? why? why? why?

'What happened to me? Where is it wrong?'

why? why? why? why? why?

Only questions of unknown reason or source were being calculated endlessly in Taeseong's mind.

Finally, Lian arrived.

Originally, it was the deepest part of the Valley of Wailing, where the huge river of fire flowed as a tributary.

"Sigh. Sigh."

Her body was covered with scars after wading through waves of black monks and demons while holding the fainting Shirone.

However, because the enemies were still chasing him, he had no time to take care of himself.





Kyaa o}o}o}o}o}!


The screams of a slender woman.

No, the true voice connected to thousands of chains protruding from the valley was motionless.

So this... ... .

'The scream of the soul.'





?kya o}o}o}o}o}o]"!


Even Lian, who had gone through all of the prenatal battles, couldn't help but feel the pain in her bones at this moment.

"... ... go."

Jin Seong-eum, who spread her limbs, slowly raised her head.

"spin... ... go."

If there is an acquaintance, then there is, but in her eyes there was no emotion for a familiar person.

'It's terrible.'

Did she really intend to endure this pain forever?

"I am Lian."

"spin... ... Go."

"From now on, I will save you. I think the shock will be quite big, but I hope you will endure it."

"no... ... . If you purify me, the other world will open... ... The world goes to hell... ...

"There is a way. I don't know, but Shirone said so. You can go back." When Jin Seong-eum shut her mouth, Lian put down the Shirone and stretched her big sword.

As the chain connecting the sword and the hand became hot, <Idea> became red hot.

"Whoa!"

The fire of Gehenna that purifies everything

Lian also came here with terrible pain, but this time it would be on a different level.

"Goes."

Jin Seong-eum nodded weakly, and Lian rushed forward with the face of a yaksha.

"Yaaaaa!"

The moment the sword was thrust into the ground, the chains connected to the valley trembled terribly.

"Huh!"

Seongeum, who had never shown weakness except for the screams of his soul, raised his head.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The chains turned red and finally burned, and all her karma began to be purified.

Lian's face hardened even more.

'Hold on. Hold on.'

The size of the pain is astonishing, but the identity of the despair I felt when I first struck the big sword... ... .

'There is no end.'

It is not an exaggeration to say that it was a huge karma for all mankind.

- You sinner!

A wild beast flew from the sky, and the demons who followed Lian found Shirone.

"Yahweh! Kill Yahweh!"

'damn!'

Lian was conflicted.

The pain was tolerable, but the effort did not speed up the purification.

'Shirone asked me to find the true sound. i am a knight I have to follow my lord's orders.'

Senses more sensitive than insects caught the chains of the monsters, and the echo of the ground was felt right away.

"Big!"

Lian turned around.

'I have to save Shirone!'

My body moved first before I could think, and the moment I was about to pull out the Daejikdo stuck in the ground.

"Stop." A woman who fell from the sky held out her hand.

"Hey!"

The demons were frightened and surprised, and the monsters did not even dare to break the order.

"Lethe."

As she carefully inspected the demons, she met eyes with Lian, whose body was on fire.

'I'm really going to do it. You're an absurd human being.'

Even if Gehenna purifies karma, there was no human being who could survive.

"you... ...

"stop."

The moment Lete took a step, Lian crouched down and prepared to jump out.

"Stay there. The moment you move, the sword stuck in the ground will cut your neck."

It was said that Jin Seong-eum could not become a hostage, but Lethe had a different idea.

'There are times when that human is nervous too.' She looked at Shirone, who had fallen to the floor.

'Yahweh.'

At the border between life and death, in Bardo, emotions are embodied as tangible entities.

Thus, proof that Yahweh, in perfect defenselessness, truly forgave.

Lethe turned around and said.

"Stop going away. I will protect this place."

"Lethe."

The demons were bewildered.

"Why are you blocking the attack? Isn't now the perfect opportunity to kill Yahweh?"

" I??????

I wasn't sure if I could convince them, but Lethe struggled to open her mouth.

"I will fight on the side of Yahweh." There wasn't even a buzz.

All he felt was a sense of betrayal and unprecedented hostility toward Lethe.

"Must have heard us wrong?"

"No, literally. Yahweh forgave Ma. Now that God is about to close the world, I follow Yahweh's will."

- Hey Lethe.

said the black monk.

"Isn't there something wrong? Administrators have no right to reject results set by God."

"there is."

Lethe raised her head and raised an eyebrow.

"Because I am a mind program."

Even a variable that rejects God is possible because he is the only manager who calculates emotions.

Lette shook her head slightly.

"continue."

Lian was conflicted for a moment, but had no other choice but to trust her.

"... ... request."

When it became clear that he had joined hands with humans, the leader of the group said.

"All right."

And the next moment, all the demons trembled with anger and rushed at Lethe.

"die! Abominable Lethe!"

Lethe's eyebrows went up in sorrow at the sight of a child-like being running to kill her.

'It's disgusting?'

You must have been very sad too, Yahweh.

"Ho Ho."

The fire of purification lit up in her eyes, and soon her whole body burned like a volcano.

"You are free to come."

I will forget you no matter what sins you commit.

"I am your mother." Lethe of Oblivion.

The disability of being human (1)

Hwa Resources Management Corporation.

Even though they knew that Lethe would not come back, the staff couldn't leave.

"The system is shutting down."

The aftermath of Lian's cleansing of the Valley of Lamentation was shaking the whole of Hell.

Vivian, the informator in charge of Lian, delivered the information transmitted through the hidden code.

"Lethe is protecting Yahweh. Demons, it seems like they're extremely angry."

Leona said.

"of course. It was like fire and water. But Yahweh is great. He thought there would be no compromise forever. I see things like this after working for a long time."

"It won't be easy. Even if Lethe-nim manages Hell, Satan is still the head of the demons."

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

The ground was collapsing.

'It's not long.'

When this battle is over and the system is destroyed, they too will return to nothing.

'therefore... ... What are you going to do?'

Leona wanted to check the last journey of Chagall and Etella, which she was in charge of.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

Chagall ran endlessly.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Although the enormous karma given to the two of them has now been reduced to an enormous amount.

"kill! I will tear you limb from limb!" It also proved that the pain Chagall felt was so great.

"Why can't we meet?"

No matter how much he ran, Ethella could not be caught.

"wait. I have something to tell you. I mean, I have something I want to tell you."

Once I met and saw her face, I was confident that I would change her mind.

No, even if it is irreversible.

"Kill it!"

He would rather cut her throat and go mad if he didn't keep her by his side.

"damn!"

No matter how fast you speed up, the interval is constant.

"Why!"

Even if I wanted to give up, I felt like I could get hold of his sense of smell and her perfume at any moment.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Chagall's heart was terribly torn.

'Let's meet.'

You have to sheath everything you can see.

'It only takes once.'

You give and give and give and give and give and give until you scream and beg for your wrongdoing... ... .

"please."

Chagall realized.

"Please give me one chance." Perhaps he could lose Etella forever like this.

"Like this dog!"

Chagall, who had been crying out to the sky, stopped running and limped forward.

" I??????

And in the end, he knelt down on the spot and poured out tears as he said:

"I was wrong."

At that moment, Chagall's mind fell endlessly and the enormous karma was purified.

I heard Leona's voice.

-Time remaining until purification 24 years around 8,341... ... .

Chagall did not hear.

It didn't matter how much karma they had left.

"I ruined everything. I won't do that again. It doesn't matter if you suffer in hell forever. So Chagall cried and raised her head.

"Please let me see it just once." the only wish

"Wrong. I can't send it like this. You can do anything to me, just once... ... It was to see Etella's smiling face.

- Sigh.

It was a broadcasting accident that caused the sound of sighs to leak out, but Leona calmly turned off the audio device.

Resting her chin on the table, she held her hands together and looked sadly at the evil of the evils she repented of.

"Yeah... ... Why did you do that?"

I shouldn't have done that.

"There were plenty of opportunities to turn around. A chance to start over, to be happy... ...

You've been given countless times in your life.

Caught in a blind rage, he couldn't judge anything, and he just resented the world.

"That all that remains is regret." Vivian came over.

"Now you really have come to the end."

"yes. Because time is irreversible to humans. Regret may be the most miserable and saddest emotion."

"You can't always change. A self-destructive race that knows the right answer but stubbornly writes out the wrong answer."

disability of being human.

Vivien and Leona followed Chagall's running again with their eyes.

"I have no choice but to run."

It would be the only hope left for him.

A river of fire flowed in the Valley of Lamentation.

The identity of the golden lava, as rich as before Jin Seong-eum purified it... ... .

"Kill Lethe!"

It was the demons of the demons gathered here.

"I will cut her throat and show you clearly! To tear the flesh of the abominable Yahweh!"

Countless demons prepared for extinction and jumped into Lethe's fire.

"Kuaaa!"

Every time her children disappeared, Lete's heart ached as well.

"Poor children, why are you angry? Anger always ends in regret."

"You betrayed us! You abandoned us!"

The demons shed bloody tears and shouted.

As if Lethe didn't care if his death hurt her even a little bit.

Lethe's eyes darkened.

" but??????

You too were born as humans.

Because the number of demons being purified was enormous, the river of fire flowed upwards.

It was the place where Lian and Jin Seong-eum were, and Shirone was also lying there.

With all his might, Lian fueled the flames of Gehenna.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The valley shook, and the flowing river of fire instantly evaporated in front of Shirone.

'Protect Shirone.'

Even in the painful state to the point of losing consciousness, one thought still lingered.

- What an absurd fool.

Black monks roaming the sky pierced Lian's body with chains.

"Big!"

The skin on his face cracked open, revealing a skeleton close to a skull.

'I can't stand it like this.'

Although he raised his divine transcendence to the limit, Idea's resilience was not the same as before.

At the point where his muscles and bones were melting, Lian's soul felt like it was on fire.

4 I...

A guy with no special talent?

'The world calls me a great swordsman, but to be honest, it doesn't matter anymore. I don't even care if I adore or be jealous.'

Are you proud to have reached this level?

'No way.'

Well, if the level of being a great swordsman had fallen from the sky, I would at least bow down.

'There's no way I'm in a good mood.'

It's just a title exchanged for pain.

'How to be good at something?'

i know only one

'Even if it hurts because I'm not doing well, even if it's all kinds of selfish intentions, unreasonable situations, sadistic pain, despair in front of the impossible, and ridicule from countless people who don't understand my pain.

"Be patient."

That's all.

"Aaaaaaa!"

tolerate

"Never break!"

The red energy began to run through the chain of the black monk that had been stuck in Lian's body.

-Dangerous! get off!

Belatedly, the black monk spread, but the fire of Gehenna climbed the chain faster than that.

Whoa!

The cluster of black monks caused a huge explosion.

"I-what is that?"

Even the demons who hated Lethe were stunned by the flames that filled the entire sky.

Lethe looked back.

"It is purified."

Lian's body, burning like fuel, was melting the chains connected to Jin Seong-eum.

The voice's soul screamed.

Kyaaaaaaa!

If she was purified like this, she would also be completely melted and destroyed by fire.

'What should I do now, Shirone?' Therefore, in order to save the voice, the system of the other side world would have to be paralyzed for a moment.

And the timing depended on the hands of the Jincheon Empire, which sent Perm Light.

Anchal cried out in a cold sweat.

"Your Majesty! This is the final step!" The energy being accumulated in Etela passed 99% and was heading towards 100%.

"Cool!"

Sitting on a chair, Jin Kang's body was half bent like a willow tree.

"Lungs, Your Majesty."

should have already died.

Raising his head with unfocused eyes, he slowly rose from his chair and stumbled.

The reason why no one supported him was probably because now was the most meaningful time in the emperor's life.

"Daughter."

My daughter Jin Seong-eum.

'I realized it only after sending you to hell. Jin Kang, who knows no regrets... ...

He was sobbing with bloody tears.

"Hell?"

Jin Kang's face contorted like a demon.

"How dare you guys, my daughter?"

A red light entered the lens of Perm Photon.

Chagall suddenly raised his head.

"Ethella?"

Her nostalgia, which had spread all over the underworld, was suddenly felt nearby.

'Stay close.'

Chagall sniffed like mad.

"Ethella! Ethella!"

Perhaps it was because he had repented?

"yes! Hang in there!"

There is no greed.

For the last time, I couldn't ask for more if I could see her face in my eyes.

"Ethella!"

Etella, riding on the Taegeuk chain and hearing Chagall's voice, slowly turned around.

The reason Chagall captured her perfume was that her journey was over.

"It's here, kids." The tremendous energy amplified from one's own body will sooner or later destroy hell.

"mom! mom!"

With everything entangled in Limbo, Ethella thought of Chagall as she waited for her last moment.

"sorry."

The reason why he had no choice but to turn away from Chagall was because he knew what Taegeuk's karma was.

"It is irreversible."

If liberating Limbo and saving Jin Seong-eum is the job given to Sun.

"Your misdeeds... ...

It was a karma full of endless regrets.

"Ethella! Aaaaaa! Ethella!" Chagall walked all over the place crying.

Although the position is being established little by little, the remaining karma between the two has also rapidly decreased.

"no! no!"

don't cleanse me

'Because it's okay to be in hell, my feet... ...

He couldn't disappear like this, so Chagall inhaled enough to bleed from his nose.

Ethella gently closed her eyes.

'come.'

The moment she felt a huge explosion from within, Chagall's eyes widened.

'Hey there!'

Accurately pinpointing Etella's location, he threw himself with all his might.

-4,232 hours of purification time remaining. 3,511 hours. 2,382 hours... ... .

Chagall prayed.

"Oh God."

Please have mercy.

"Did you think I would drive you to hell and be safe! The Princess of Jincheon! You dare my daughter!"

Spitting blood out of his mouth, Jin Kang screamed while clutching his chest.

"Aaaaaaaaaaa!"

It was the final blow that my father threw into hell.

As Etella's body was engulfed in light, Chagall's voice was heard from afar.

"no!"

He was running right in this direction, but Etella knew his outcome.

"We cannot meet."

No matter how much you narrow the space, time won't allow it.

Chagall stopped breathing.

' there is!'

When you get there, you can see Ethella.

It wouldn't matter if she was in the process since she couldn't see anyway.

-Remaining purification time 5 seconds, 4 seconds, 3 seconds.

As if mocking Chagall, Karma was shrinking to a precise distance standard.

Chagall held out his hand.

"little bit more!"

And when that fingertip reached 1 meter in front of Etella.

-1 second.

"Huh!"

finally found out

Absence of only 1 second.

However, one second without it is the same as an infinite distance when converted into space.

"Ethella."

Chagall cried.

"I was wrong... ...

At the same time, a tremendous explosion occurred in Etela's body, destroying the process.

Kurrrrr!

As seismic waves spread throughout Hell, the last words of the Informator were heard.

-purification... ... End... ... It is.

The disability of being human (2)

Hwa Resources Management Corporation.

As the energy of the pama mineral energy exploded, the system of the other world was completely destroyed.

Explosions exploded all over the headquarters, but this was just a warning of the disaster to come.

At the karma management department where the ceiling collapsed, Leona finally looked away from the vision.

The end of Chagall and Etella seemed to tell us what karma means to humans.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

The building shook violently.

Soon, most things will turn to ashes as the barrier between reality and the other side collapses... ... .

"Haa, it's finally time to get off work."

Leona was not in a bad mood.

While numerous informants were preparing to leave, Vivian handed over the car.

"Come on, drink."

"Hey, what's up? take all of this from you Hell will be destroyed."

"haha."

Laughing at Leona's joke, Vivian asked as she sipped her tea.

"How long will you survive, Demon?"

"Well. Even if I can't do it, won't it exceed a billion? Demons are persistent and there are many of them. But the only certainty is that they won't go extinct... ...

Leona looked out the window.

"As long as humans live, it will never disappear."

"... ... right."

Vivian held out her hand.

"it was fun. Goodbye forever with this. I wish you a good trip." It was a relationship that was so fiercely in check, but when it happened like this, everything was a memory.

"you also."

Whoops!

At the same time as the two informants shook hands, an explosion occurred in the Karma management department.

The building of the chemical company melted like molten iron.

That's how hell is ruined.

A huge ripple of fire began to spread around the point where the Pama Gwangcheonseong exploded.

"Kuaaa! Run away!"

It looks slow, but in reality, the demons right in front of you couldn't even dare to escape and were swept away.

"There! Get out there!"

A hole was made in the boundary line of Parkji, and reality and landscape began to overlap locally.

"Kyaaaagh!"

The same goes for people in real life who are surprised.

The family who stayed at home in the atmosphere of the end of the century were stunned by the road to hell that unfolded before their eyes.

"Hee! I-what is that!"

"What is it!"

The demons rushed forward, raising their claws.

"The world in your heart! Kekekekeke!"

The family members were massacred, and the demons who came out through the wall looked ecstatic.

"Aww! Save people!"

All the residents of the city were coming out to the streets in a situation where even the security guards could not respond.

"Hey."

The demon flicked its tongue.

"Isn't this a nice place?"

rumble. rumble.

At the System Control Branch of the Korea Fire Resources Management Corporation, Yu-Jeong Son and her party looked across the horizon.

Son Yu-jeong muttered.

"Is it over?"

The demons turned to ashes in the landscape where the world was burning like oil paper was set on fire.

Mortasinger said.

"The system of the back world must have been destroyed. It will be an initialization process. It will be gone soon too."

When there was no answer, she pointed to the scenery beyond the foil.

"Back to reality. Help people there. You can do that."

"you?"

Mortasinger shook his head.

"There is no place for me in reality. Even though I made the wrong choice, to be honest, I at least made my dream come true here. therefore... ... I can't go back."

Is it that only the place where the heart dwells is real?

I was heartbroken by my friend's choice, but I can't convince him with any words.

"I will stay too."

When Richera, who was in Mortasinger's hand, spoke, Son Yoo-jung wrinkled one eyebrow.

"Sheesh! Know. If you go out into reality with only your face left, you will die. it was better I thought I would live like this for the rest of my life without being able to purify myself. I am grateful to you."

Kurrrrr!

While having a brief conversation, the cloud of fire was approaching more than half of the time.

It was time to say goodbye.

"Ricera."

Son Yoo-jung said.

"You are purified without completing your karma. When you are reborn in the next life, then be a good person who helps people."

"Cheuk, bullshit."

Looking back on my life now, that was the case.

"Don't you know how I grew up and how I lived? If given the same life again, I won't change. I will kill people in my next life." "don't worry."

Richera smiled and raised the corners of her mouth.

"Because I will never be born again. If I had a choice, I wish there would be no next life."

I couldn't say anything.

"go."

Richera, who doesn't like being awkward, said

"Fight like a thunderclap, pretty monkey."

Possibly affection, Sohn Yoo-jeong choked up as she left them behind.

"Bye."

Mortasinger nodded, and Sohn Yu-jeong turned and ran past Park Ji.

And when I looked back, the smiling faces of Mortasinger and Richera... ... .

Quaaaaaaaaaa!

disappeared into the flames.

Lian took a deep breath.

"Whoa!"

The Valley of Wailing dried up again and the surviving demons lost their will to fight.

"Our world... ...

Not befitting their hideous appearance, the demons knelt down with vain expressions.

"Disappear?"

"no."

Lethe approached them.

"It is integration. We may split again someday, but we must join hands with humans against God. Otherwise the universe will close

Hey."

The demons were silent.

emotion.

Even though they understood it in their heads, the anger in their hearts was saying this.

'I'd rather die together.'

There was no way Lethe, the manager, didn't know.

'It will be a tough fight, Yahweh. Even if I follow you, demons have Satan.'

They will not be shaken as long as Havits, the existence that Ma loves to the extreme, dies.

said the demon.

"We will fight. integration? Only humans are afraid of death. If Yahweh can despair, I will do anything."

The demons began to come out into reality through the hole in the paper that was created in the Valley of Lamentation.

Even Lethe couldn't stop it that far.

"Whoa."

when you sigh

"Lethe."

"It's a surprise."

She shook her shoulders at Shirone's voice, hesitated for a moment, then turned around.

As the underside world was initialized, the demon that Shirone embraced was also purified.

Lethe said.

"You look a little better now. So why do you do something you can't handle? Do you know that Ma is easygoing?"

"You?"

Shirone smiled.

"You decided to fight for humans."

"Don't get me wrong."

Lethe's expression, which had been hesitant until now, changed.

"It is for the sake of the world after all. I can't wait and see hell disappear like this."

"?... "yes."

The administrator of hell chose demons rather than gods.

"It's fine. Because now I also hugged Ma. I'll take care of the rest."

"Hmm."

Lethe lifted her chin.

"I see you are quite confident. you know? Right now you can't kill demons."

In other words, such a state.

As Shirone just laughed without saying anything, Lethe also removed the pretense.

"Sheesh, yes. You can speak tachyons. Now that you're on the same level as God, I can't help you either. Well, since I connected to the outside world, I have nothing to hide anymore."

Shirone asked about the manager.

"Was it really a lie?" She knew what she wanted to say, but Lethe just waited for the next word.

"Did Taeseong and Mr. Louver fool us from the beginning? Didn't you have any affection for humans?"

"We are just a program. It is just to act according to the manual corresponding to a specific situation. It may look like a heart to you, but in fact I am no different." Quantum parameters are just added. "But Taeseong made me... ... "Oh, I don't know!"

Lethe shook her head.

"Even if you are tied to the core of God, each person has their own sector. In addition, each of them has strong authority, so there is a conflict between systems that are invaded. That's why I turned off the response."

"yes?... "

While Shirone was lost in thought, Lian approached, supporting Jin Seong-eum.

"Thank you for saving me."

It was a short greeting, but Seong-Eum's voice trembled.

'I couldn't have imagined it.'

The thought of seeing Shirone again.

"What are you talking about. Rather, I should thank you. If it weren't for you, the world would have already perished."

Lethe said, feeling the heat blowing from far away.

"I don't have time for a long talk. tell me what to do next It will soon be ashes here too."

Shirone turned to Lian.

"I will end the simultaneous incident. Ymir will be resurrected soon. Depending on how he moves, the game will change. Lian, come to Seongeum and Delta headquarters. If you use etheric waves, it will be instant. can you do it for me?"

Voice nodded.

"That's it. But before I take Lian, I have a place to stop."

Jinjiang.

Since she wouldn't know her father's condition yet, Shirone immediately agreed.

"yes. Go quickly."

I couldn't bear to reveal it, but it seemed that I intuitively sensed the voice just with the urging tone.

When the etheric wave was activated, Parkji's veil crumpled and her figure disappeared.

"Then I will disappear too. See you at the temple."

Lian raised his thumb as Shirone's body blurred as the simultaneous events were lifted.

"don't worry. I will follow you soon." After looking at that scene for a while, Shirone recalled the time she and Lian had spent in hell.

"Lian."

It's embarrassing, but I really wanted to say it.

"I'm glad you are here."

Particles of light fluttered like flower petals, and Lian smiled and turned around.

"boy."

Lethe crossed her arms and asked.

"By the way, how are you going to get back?"

"yes? of course... ...

A tidal wave of fire was fast approaching, scorching the entire Valley of Wailing.

"Oh, Zen... ... !"

A firestorm overtakes them.

"Aaaaaaang!"

Reigning the flames and advancing, Li An's voice adorned the end of hell.

Jin Kang's eyes, lying on the floor, were empty.

"Huh."

A face as pale as that of a corpse meant that there was no more blood left to pour out.

"Your Majesty the Emperor."

Anchal approached and supported Jin Kang's upper body.

"Hell is... ... Did you feel my wrath?"

"It will happen."

"My daughter... ...

Jin Kang took a deep breath in and then exhaled.

"Are you back?"

Until then, I didn't even know Anchal.

However, if he was really alive, he wanted to be in the life of Jinkang, who had less than a minute left.

"Your Majesty, obviously the princess... ...

"Okay."

It was time to tidy up.

"It's good if your daughter is alive. However, even if she is not alive... ...

The corners of his mouth went up in a bash.

"I will go get it."

That time when tears flowed silently down the cheeks of the temples.

"father."

A beautiful voice sounded like an hallucination.

"ball... ...

The one eye of the temple opened wide, and all the servants bowed as if their knees were about to break.

"Meet the princess!"

Seong-eum lightly walked towards Jin-gang, who had a surprised expression on her face, and sat down.

"father."

"Ahhh... ...

Only after feeling the warmth in her daughter's hand did Jin Kang accept that it was reality.

"I'm back, Father."

"yes. yes."

The head was always nodded.

But the excitement was short-lived, as he recalled the responsibility of the emperor and said, correcting his expression.

"Anchal."

"Please tell me."

"From now on, Jin Seong-eum will be the emperor of Jincheon."

hurray! hurray! hurray!

"My daughter, help Shirone. The Emperor of Jincheon must never betray his trust."

Seongeum bowed his head reverently.

"I will obey Your Majesty's orders."

"Whoops."

And when I look up again

Jin Kang was smiling peacefully as he gazed at the ceiling.

"Huh."

The voice burst into tears that it had been holding back.

"father! father!"

The emperor of Jincheon, who dominated an era, Jingang.

Dead.

The disability of being human (3)

in an unknown forest.

"Big!"

The Blazing Skeleton Swordsman broke through the veil of the Underworld and came over to reality.

In his right hand, which was only a skeleton, was holding a large jigsaw that could withstand the flames.

"Kiyi!"

Like the king of the dead returning from hell, he headed forward with an empty eye socket and stamped his sword into the ground.

The earth shook with the power of divine transcendence, and as the body gradually recovered, the flames began to catch on.

"Uhhh...

Lian, whose skin had been regenerated, shouted.

"Oh, it's hot!"

Shaking off the remaining fire with both hands, he gasped for breath as smoke rose from his body.

"Sigh. Sigh."

The fire of Gehenna is a feeling in reality.

However, the fire he lit before entering the other side of the world burned all of his clothes.

"Are you back?" Lian, who caught his breath, looked around him, but it was a desolate forest that even the country did not know.

"Well, Seongeum will come to pick you up."

I don't know the exact principle, but her ability was the highest peak of space magic.

Lethe was born out of thin air.

"You, too, are monsters."

Landing lightly on the ground, she alternately inspected Lian's body and the large sword stuck in the ground.

"To come out while purifying the fire of the blaze. I know that Yahweh relies on you."

Lian was embarrassed by the unexpected praise.

"Well, that's about it."

"Not quite like that. To endure the fire of Gehenna means to overcome all the emotions of hell. A certain high priest among humans was liberated by setting fire to his body."

It is called left-leaning net?

"But you exist in reality beyond that. Your godlike transcendence might really be like a god."

Lethe thought so.

'War God Yasha.'

At this point, there is probably no human being who can beat Lian who has returned from Hell.

Lian set up a straight sword and looked at the blade.

"is it? Maybe it seems to have gotten stronger. But you won't know until you fight."

"Because it is the realm of the mind. You won't feel it until you meet someone who will push you to the limit. However, you need to be careful with your recovery ability. Denying death by restoring Edea's signal is close to expedient in terms of user rights, but there are limits to that. If it continues to accumulate, Idea itself will disappear."

Lian felt it too.

"How long can I last?"

"I can't measure it precisely, but you probably know better. roughly

By the way." It wasn't too long.

"doesn't care."

As long as he could hold out until Shirone fulfilled his will, the next thing was fine.

"And... ...

Lethe, who hesitated, finally couldn't stand it and shouted.

"Can you please stop talking to me in that state? Even if I'm not human, I'm a mind program! At least pretend to cover it up! Annoying!"

"Hmm."

"No offense, hurry up! Pick up leaves or whatever and cover yourself!"

'That's a lot to say.'

Now that Ymir was coming, it was not the time to be leisurely picking leaves.

'Can I win?'

Although he had grown much through his journey to hell, Ymir was still a huge wall.

Lethe was taken aback as she watched Lian seriously pensive.

'What kind of people are there?'

Jincheon sector of the temple.

According to national law, when the servants moved Jinkang's body, Anchal approached Seongeum.

"Your Majesty the Emperor."

According to Jin Kang's will, he was in charge of the empire, but Anchal's extreme engineering was quite awkward.

"Speak comfortably. You still can't get used to it."

"You have to adapt. The fate of the people of Jincheon and all mankind is in Your Majesty's hands."

Voice nodded.

"I get it. What should I do now?"

" first of all??????

Anchal quickly explained what had happened in reality while Seongeum was in hell.

"It's a simultaneous event."

It felt like a new thing, but the more I got to know Shirone, the more I felt the limit.

'My 0 steps.'

Knowing what Seong-eum's smile meant, Anchal felt sorry for her.

'It must be a perfect match for a princess.'

Seongeum, who corrected her expression, said.

"I see what you mean. simultaneous events

Now that it's over, all we have to do is bring people from all over the world here."

"It is. As this is a time-sensitive matter, His Majesty's role is the most important."

Speaking of warfare, the power of voice has the highest efficiency in transportation and supply.

"I get it. Let's go see Lian first." As Seong-eum closed her eyes and spread the etheric waves, the information of the space was collected.

'There it is.'

It was quite far away, but she crumpled the space and made the distance between Lian and herself zero.

"then."

A forest spread out inside the building, and Seongeum crossed the boundary line with light steps.

And 1 minute later... ... .

"your majesty?"

When Seong-eum, whose face was as red as carrots, returned to the hall, her eyes furrowed.

"What are you doing?"

"Five??????

" Five'?"

He said in a trembling voice.

"Bring your clothes. with the biggest one. hurry."

Galliant Island.

In the depths of Mt. Toa, where the Kergo tribe is, Shirone was talking with Gauld and his party.

"That's how it happened."

The betrayal of the dreamer Louver, and even the manager who sided with mankind were under the will of God.

Miro didn't care.

"It doesn't matter how many enemies you have if you're fighting a god anyway. The problem is that I couldn't extract Ultima."

The fact that Arius risked his life to do it must also be on her mind.

Shirone said.

"one thing... ... There is a way out."

"Way?"

"Using objects to unite humanity has failed, but that doesn't mean Ultima is impossible. If all mankind joins their hearts... ...

Sein stopped talking.

"That is just an ideal. It's no different from before we entered Mir's mental world."

"There is one other thing. Tachyon." Miro understood.

"you... ...

"Yes. I'm not sure if I'll be successful. But this is our only hope."

Gaold asked.

"Didn't you say Ymir was coming?" Shirone nodded.

"Planet Hexa has disappeared. Given its size, it should be crossing the universe by now."

"How long will it take?"

"Depending on your mind, even right now." Shirone continued.

"You have to solve the problems you face before you can reach Ultima. Ymir. cell buster. and oparts. When human beings become things under the guidance of the gods, the mind disappears from this world."

Kang Nan said.

"There are a lot of things I don't understand, but I understand the context. Can't we go to the temple right away?"

"The Voice will come to pick you up. I'm going to end the coincidence too. But before that... ...

Shirone looked back at the temple gate.

"Let's check first."

I couldn't ignore the faint smell of blood.

Jiang Nan approached and pushed the stone door, but it did not budge, as if it had been locked from the outside.

"I can't. Should I break it down and get out?" The moment he finished speaking, Gaold's air gun passed Kang Nan's shoulder and struck the stone door.

bang

The door didn't budge.

When Kang Nan looked back with ferocious eyes, Ga Old grinned and shrugged.

"Cheuk, that's fun."

Sein said.

"Something is strange. It's as if you've become immune to physical force. But is it possible?"

"It could be because he's a weakling."

Jiang Nan avenged the situation from before, but she knew the truth.

'That Gaold can't break

O......'

It really won't.

"I will try."

Shirone walked to the door.

The Miracle Stream turned into the Hand of God, and a giant hand grabbed the door.

"Big!"

The moment she felt it through her heart, Shirone finally realized the identity of the door.

'Obsession. yearning.'

A great feeling is telling you to guard this door.

'Tear it off.'





0 = 0 = = = !


As I concentrated my high-intensity mind, the stone door began to crease with a gloomy sound.

As if someone was screaming, Kang Nan got goosebumps for no reason.

jump!

Putting down the stone door that had been torn into squares, Shirone examined the scene of the aisle.

all were dead

Sein confirmed the ancient incantation pattern engraved on the frame of the door.

"Perfectly sealed. What happened?"

Miro looked at the corpse and said.

"It's neat. It's the work of a professional. Besides, it hasn't been long since I killed him. No matter how long you hold it, within six hours."

"there!"

At the end of the hallway pointed by Kang Nan, a white object disappeared around the corner.

Shirone kicked the ground.

"wait!"

The moment I passed the corner and turned around, another white object turned the corner.

'That's it?... "!'

Shirone, who had an ogi, cast teleportation and instantly closed the gap.

"you! who... ...

However, when she had her eyes on the unidentified object, Shirone had no choice but to swallow her words.

A man with a white body stood with his back as if plaster had been applied to a human body.

Of course, the appearance was surprising enough, but the reason for Shirone's hesitation was for another reason.

'Dangerous.'

Ultima's senses, and possibly Tachyon's signal, were sending out a clear 'no approach' signal.

"Reveal your identity."

Shirone asked again, but it seemed like a very difficult question for a white man.

"Well. Who am I?"

Two long swords, smooth as ivory, stretched out from his hands and connected to his arms.

Even that seemed strange to him.

'What is it?'

Just as Shirone was thinking, Gaold and his party, who had arrived late, strode forward.

"Did you kill the tribesmen?"

"Do not approach." Shirone raised her hand to stop them.

None of the members here seemed likely to lose, but the problem was a sense of incongruity that transcended that.

"do not know."

As if he had been thinking about that all along, the white man opened his mouth after a while.

"I have no name."

Anonymous no name.

'no way?'

What flashed through Shirone's mind was an anecdote about heaven that he had heard from Armin.

I heard that an unimaginable creature was created by combining an angel with Garas.

'Fortunately, Mr. Quan cut it before he could grow further.'

Armin added:

-If it was just a little bit later, no one would have been able to stop him.

Then why did the dead come back?

'damn.'

Shirone realized.

'When I access the outside world.'

It was a special administrator, a kind of vaccine, sent into reality by God to correct errors.

'If what Armin said is true, Nameless will absorb the ability of any strong person into his own and eliminate the opponent.

'Literally genius.'

Fake all geniuses ever.

'But imitating a mutation that happened in reality. You're a god, but you don't even have imagination?'

Of course, it was nothing more than a complaint against the worst enemy.

In fact, it is impossible for a god who has mastered the principles of the entire universe to imagine something.

Anonymous said.

"I don't know about me. How were you born and why are you here? What I remember... ...

He chose his words carefully, as if pulling something out from the depths.

"With the terrible fear of death."

It was thrilling enough to make me forget that death... ... .

"The sword dance."

Nameless eyes shone.

'yes.'

that's the guy

"Quan."

From a forest ten kilometers from the temple, Shiina brought some fruit.

"Try some of this. I've been collecting them all day."

"Shina."

said Quan.

"Keep it. I... ... protect."

Shiina burst into tears.

"me... ... Protect. Shiina... ...

The genius of the sword, who had once surpassed mankind's common sense, had become a fool who had lost everything.

The disability of being human (4)

"eat."

Shiina held out the fruit again.

"I kept... ...

"Eat it! You won't protect me if you eat!"

Why are you angry?

Throwing the fruit, she was buried in Quan's chest.

'Why does this person have to be sick?'

The movement that destroys human common sense is proof that we have given up being human.

"Only because of me!"

What do you mean by love?

If I had known the end of Quan, I wouldn't have started from the beginning.

'Before I lose my ears.'

Before losing sight, before cutting off one arm... ... .

'It's because of me.'

Without her, at least Quan wouldn't have ruined his life like this.

"Shina."

Quan laughed like an idiot and said.

"second... ... Don't... ...

It was nothing, it seemed to be saying.

Clown.

He's just a clown who deliberately limps, falls, pretends he can't see, and makes people laugh.

"sorry."

Shiina ate her heart.

"Don't worry about anything. no matter who you are Because I will be by your side."

Only then did Quan pick up a handful of berries.

My heart hurt again at the sight of him hurriedly eating, as if he had forgotten his dignity, but I tried to smile.

"right."

Once Quan was fed something, Shiina paid attention to the sounds outside the cave.

"I'm here for a second."

Although they were already far from the battlefield, it was an ominous feeling that they could not turn away from.

Soaring into the sky, she surveyed the city.

"Oh my gosh... ...

Torches swayed through the streets, and crowds of people rushed across the horizon.

'What's going on?'

It seemed that all of humanity was converging toward one place.

' weird.'

A fact that can only be known high up in the sky and tens of kilometers away.

'It's not a human movement.'

Even the apex of social evolution, the ant, cannot make a matrix like that.

Their voices amplified as one.

- Praise God.

Only one word came to Shiina's goosebumps head.

'end.'

Demons protruding into reality, humans who have become objects, and what will come next... ... .

Whoa!

A burning meteor was falling through the night sky.

"??????giant."

After Maya's performance ended in a bloody festival, the leaders of each country held a countermeasure meeting.

King Fermi of Kessia was also sitting in his office, making a cold expression.

'There's no place to escape anyway.' The procession of people gathered from all over the country was narrowing the border of Jive to a closed state.

'The disappearance of the emotional disease means that the system of the other side world has been initialized. But... ...

The line between hell and reality has also disappeared.

'It's also the situation Satan wants most. It can't be helped. The problem is Cell Buster.'

Even Fermi could not recover the destroyed data from the future information that Marsha had mined.

'There's no future I can know except that the yin and yang delay a few days.'

Then, a knock was heard.

" Majesty."

The aide, who still had the medicinal effect of Angel, entered with a bewildered look.

Fermi let out a small breath.

'Emotional illness is gone, but it's up to you to quit.'

"there... ... what you said before So, er... ... What was his name... ...

Nervousness welled up in his sensitive state of mind, but Fermi struggled to get his mind together.

"Who are you talking about?"

There were not one or two orders given to the working team, and most of them were not even reported.

"Oh, Ranstin. We now have the whereabouts."

Fermi jumped up.

"I beg your pardon?"

"Uh, well, Robe Lanstin... ...

Before he could finish talking, Fermi hugged the aide.

"Ugh! Me, Your Highness?"

"Good job. You did really well."

Cellbuster's only opponent, Kitaru Man, but it was unclear whether he would be able to make it in time.

'I see hope.'

Fermi remembered Yoga's words.

-Always remember, you still have a choice.

Anger can't change anything, and only the cold-hearted get the results.

If Fermi had been irritated by incompetent staff, today's results would not have been possible.

'And now... ...

He would still have a choice, so he calmed down.

"I believed, that I could do it. What you have done now is equivalent to saving humanity."

Of course it's a lie.

"haha! what am i... ... . We will work harder in the future! Trust me and leave it to me!"

Angel's medicinal effect is still running, but the aide's eyes are clearer than before.

"Yes. Go to Corona Sector now and find the gun. It is the star of the ivory tower."

World No. 2 in communication ability.

No, Lampa's magic had already been purchased by Fermi, so now he was number one.

'If Chong Yi finds Lanstin, Seong-eum will bring him.'

It could have been done on time if communications and transportation specialists worked together.

"It is an urgent matter."

The aide immediately nodded and left the office, as if he was full of motivation.

"Whoa."

Fermi, who took out a cigarette and tinkered with it, headed for the window.

'Is it a phosphorus wave this time?'

There was an endless pile of work to be done.

'World leaders are gathered in the temple. If this place is encroached upon, mankind will lose the power to fight.'

it's humanity

'Because this is his specialty.'

After handing over his luggage to Shirone, Fermi lit a cigarette and let out a long puff of smoke.

"Whoa."

I saw a meteor cutting through the night sky.

"... ... It's annoying."

It's also a future that fits so well.

"Quack!"

Because it was so huge, it was not difficult for Ymir to cross the universe.

It was a matter of scale, not speed, and when they returned to the body, a human planet was in front of them.

'What should I do?'

Even if it wasn't for the contract with Louver, he had no intention of forgiving the human who humiliated him.

'That's why it's too bad to catch them one by one. It's also annoying.'

Ymir only wanted to fight.

'Aha, yes.'

His fists tightened.

'Let's start with one hit.'

The target the king of giants was aiming at was the planet itself, which transcended individuals and mankind.

? ? ?

In front of the main gate of Delta Headquarters.

- Follow God's will. The warriors of the south and the procession of phosphorus continued to fight for strength.

"Guard your heart!"

The warriors with the beast nature of the south were terribly brandishing their swords and cutting phosphorus... ... .

'There is no end.'

The number of people following one after the other was now crossing the million mark.

"Keugh!"

When the people grabbed the warrior and fell, countless kicks were inflicted on him.

"Aaaaaa! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...

The hard body is mash-like

all.

"At the limit."

Ntara said.

"Ellikia's power can't blow them all away. It's a miracle that you've been guarding the main gate until now." Even Shirone's eyes showed seriousness.

"I really want to know what that means. War is what you do to win. If all humanity is to be killed, can this be called a war?"

Humanity all over the world was losing their minds.

- Follow God's will.

Shirone thought of a last resort.

"I will return it."

"You?"

Tachyon is a signal that travels faster than light.

Just as God manipulated the human cause, Shirone was also able to change their past.

"The multiverse."

Shirone said.

"The reason they lost their minds is because they regretted endlessly in the bubble-like event. On the contrary, if I change their past to create a satisfying future, maybe they can regain their hearts?"

Euntara frowned.

"If you're not crazy, I'll explain how that's even possible. change the past? Suppose there is such a magic. But it is the past of all mankind. Even if that were possible, would you be able to satisfy their desires?"

It was the reason Shirone wasn't sure.

'It wouldn't matter if it was God... ...

Since he has no heart, no matter what kind of life a human wants, if he accepts it as it is, that will happen.

'I?... "

can i do it

Can you agree to drop someone else in order for yourself to pass the test?

'We just need to find a future where everyone is satisfied.' Because I don't like that person's bright smile, would I be able to comply with his request to ruin my life?

'No one is evil from the beginning. It's just a matter of giving them a life where they don't feel like that.'

really... ... can i do it

"Huh."

Shirone, who was already about to burst into tears, gathered her heart and walked to the procession of Yin.

"You can do it."

love.

'What Yorahhan showed me... ... High-intensity self-sacrifice and transcendent madness that endures while embracing everything.

"Whoa!"

The warriors of the south retreated, and the procession of phosphorus began to gather toward Shirone.

- Follow God's will.

cold god

"Tachyon."

A turbid mixture of light and darkness shimmered in the body of a god with a heart.

"I-that... ... ?"

The moment Ntara's eyes widened, the energy spread far enough for everyone in the temple to see.

Causal Manipulation - Ouroboros.

The world turns gray in a state of contradiction where the flow of time and stillness are mixed.

-God will... ... meaning... ... Intercepting device! Intercepting device!

Humans all over the world made bizarre mechanical sounds and their eyes exploded with golden light.

'This is the beginning.'

Shirone, who had entered the state of Ouroboros, was looking at a different scenery than before.

The background is split like a mosaic, and the human body is also loose like spaghetti noodles.

It didn't matter how long it took because it was running through an imaginary number of times.

In that zero second, that is, in an instant, Shirone realized all of Yin's past.

'I lose my mind because of this.'

As their desires repeatedly clashed simultaneously, even the will to live disappeared.

'How indifferent.'

God had no intention of understanding humans.

'First of all, avoid collision.'

When I became a god, it was not difficult to create a result that everyone would be satisfied with.

'We are truly infinite beings.' What a terrible thing... ... .

- I just need to be happy. I just need to be superior. I'm right. You guys are all wrong!

me! me! me!

It was the same that humans were indifferent to others to the extent that they were no different from gods.

'Why can't I just think like that?'

Isn't the concept of "I" the most detestable word in the universe?

'Let's stop. It's stupid.'

Accepting their desires is something that cannot be done without a machine.

Shirone dropped to his knees.

'yes! Beat them all! Why am I for you... ... !'

That moment.

" ah."

Self-loathing that creeps in suddenly.

'Is it different from me?'

Because the person who evaluates others is also just a human being no different from them.

'No matter how repulsive my existence is.'

We can only smile pitifully at each other and hold out our hands.

'Let's live together.'

The only way to overcome the obstacle of being human and go to infinity is so... ... .

'love.'

Hot tears flowed.

'I want to be happy. Of course I want to be superior.'

Because everyone is me [me].

Gradually his chin rises. In the next moment, the desire of mankind, which had risen to the point of destroying the heart, flowed backwards from the stomach.

"Uweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

At the same time as the vomit from the other side of the world poured out, the procession of phosphorus stopped.

-Hey hey! fat... ... . Hey hey!

"Wow! Wow!"

Vomiting of emotions.

The voice of phosphorus was heard in Shirone's ears as he endlessly poured out the dregs of the yam.

-fat... ... .

I want to live.

God's Choice (1)

Ouroboros was applied to people all over the world.

At that time, God's expression was revealed through Kitra in the Delta Headquarters.

'The result is wrong. The result is wrong.'

And that signal confused the administrators in the real world, especially Taeseong.

'Unauthorized code access.'

As she clutched her head and trembled, her expression was as cold as a doll's.

' Humans... ...

kill kill kill

'no.'

The conclusion of the Gaia program was different.

' Humans... ...

Protect. Protect. Protect.

"ah. ah."

She diagnosed herself as abnormal, out of order, or close to uncertainty.

'What am I?'

no, before that.

'Why am I trying to define myself?'

just a program.

But at this moment, the random number that happened to the machine was so interesting and strange.

'Unknown.'

I felt alive.

'Yes, I've lived.'

It reminded me of all the people who laughed and cried with her from the beginning of mankind.

'Shirone.'

might have been special.

'You can tell he's a good person. Even now, I don't understand why the heart is so important... ...

I knew vaguely.

'I killed it.'

Although the results were different due to system crashes, the will to perform was true.

'Will Shirone hate me?'

After outputting her sad feelings, she was taken aback when she realized that the tears were not flowing.

"uh?"

Why did the tears that I could shed freely even when I had no heart dried up?

- Kill humans.

Because he stabbed Syrone's heart from behind and destroyed all hope of mankind.

" I??????

can't cry

- Kill humans.

Look at the meteor falling from the sky

and she realized what to do.

"I."

The dry eyes widened greatly.

- protects humans

As the Gaia program was activated, a blue aura began to surround the entire planet.

Ymir looked at Taeseong with a terrifying expression.

"Quack."

I wanted to stick around for once.

"I'm going!"

As it hit the ground at the same speed as it penetrated the atmosphere, a flash of light soared.

- Shut down the system.

The incarnation of Taeseong picked and collapsed, and the shockwave that went underground made the ground shake.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

In the center of the crater that had collapsed, Ymir finally loosened his shoulders and stood up.

"I'm messing around about nothing."

Thanks to the Gaia program, the catastrophes that came from the demon world were prevented, but that was only the limit.

The ground thumped above the crater.

"You are the king of giants."

"Howdy."

The giant corps commander, Girshin, and giants tens of meters tall were appearing.

"I was waiting."

The reason why the giants didn't appear until now was because they obeyed Ymir's orders.

"great."

When Ymir rose, all the giants prostrated themselves.

"Let's make it hot."

The only thing that remains in the place where the seismic wave swept away is Tae-seong, who opened his eyes like a corpse.

- Critical damage. System cannot be recovered.

'Shirone.'

Tears flowed from one sparking eye.

'I'm sorry.'

In the overlapping state of reality and the other side, Shirone vomited a quantity of demons equivalent to that of mankind.

-God's will... ... Hey! live... ... I want... ... .

In the Ouroboros state, the phosphorus matrix stopped moving, but there was no further change.

'Uneasy.'

This is because as much as Shirone manipulates the cause, God also defends with the same ability.

While Shirone was struggling like that, a second disaster struck mankind.

"Quack."

Ymir, leaping through the sky, had his eyes on Delta's original blue.

'Is it over there?'

The hottest battlefield.

When he jumped through the outer castle gate alone, all sorts of magic rained down from the air defense unit of the temple.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

A mass of clouds of flame followed Ymir in a parabolic arc.

The sentinel who checked the condition through a telescope found Ymir falling without a single wound.

"... ... It is a monster."

thud!

The destination was the garden of the Delta headquarters.

"Block the entrance! You can't let them inside!"

The guards of each country camped at the entrance, but they did not think they would win.

'What is that?'

Speculation to the extent that just standing there distorts the surrounding scenery.

'It might be better to die quickly.' Everyone is a master at one level

It's something I don't want to see at all.

The result of being helplessly trampled on.

"What about Quan?"

Tormia's Guard Captain Rai asked the lieutenant.

" that is??????

After the report of the annihilation of Fengzhang came in, no one confirmed Quan's whereabouts.

Rai made up his mind.

'doesn't care. I am the captain of the guard.'

Even if this place becomes a tomb, there will be no perfect victory that Ymir wants.

That was just about it.

It is the limit of human imagination.

"Hey!"

The main forces of each country stationed at the rear of the headquarters arrived to support the guards.

Clump, who served as the commander of Tormia, approached his grandson and got off his horse.

"lie."

"Loyalty."

His veins would stretch before death, but Rai did not cross the line.

Clump, on the other hand, was different.

"From now on, we will take care of the garden. Lead the guards and enter the headquarters."

"That's not okay."

"It is an order."

"grandfather."

In the end, Rai crossed the line because he knew Clump's intentions.

"I know that I am a disgrace to the family. But at least let me die as a soldier."

Suddenly, Rai's cheek turned.

"Stupid."

It was unprecedented for a commander to slap a guards commander in front of soldiers.

The cavalry commander, Tess,'s eyes shook.

'Commander.'

It was the first time that Clump, who had never wavered under any circumstances, was afraid of something.

"What will happen if you die? is that a soldier? No, it's just the suicide of a loser." "go back. Do what you can."

"I don't like it."

Rai did not back down.

"Please let me fight. I can't change anything with that one life, but... ...

even just once in a lifetime.

"I want you to give me a chance to change myself."

Limit.

Something that Lian had and that he did not have.

"... ... stupid guy."

He sighed coldly, but Clump stepped forward without stopping his grandson.

'I can't even die comfortably like this.'

Ymir's eyes lit up with interest as Clump approached with the sword on his shoulder.

"Hoo?"

Ogent came to mind.

"Then you're Lian's... ... ?" Clump felt the passage of time at the fact that Ymir could remember his name.

"Yes, I heard that you have a connection with my grandson. I am not his teacher."

It was half a joke, but Ymir was serious.

"no way... ... It's not like you're the master of the sword, right? There are many things I can teach you."

"Chuck!"

It annoys me.

I want to jump out right now and cut off the waist with a yam sword, but the old man's dignity was considerable.

"If it's the king of giants, aren't you looking for the wrong person? With the strongest enemy called God right in front of you... ...

" Shh."

Ymir stopped talking.

"Let's forget the complicated stuff. The war will be fought by the subordinates. I came because I wanted to fight. Opportunities to fight me alone are rare. Lucky for you."

"If you're lucky like that... ...

"Do you want to see it?"

Clump shuts up.

"A state that you cannot reach even if you devote your whole life to it. whatever you give

That's what I want."

Ymir waved his hand.

"come in. I'll play with you until the men come."

"Whoa."

A qualitatively different murderous intent rose from Clump.

'I'm sorry, Rai.'

It seems that he is a grandfather who has no iron.

'Even if it's the commander of a country, even if it's someone's family, even if the fate of mankind is at stake.'

Clump's yam sword went behind his back.

"I can't give up on this!" The moment he kicked off the ground, hundreds of like-minded swordsmen rushed at Ymir.

"Sheesh! cut in line."

Clump realized the next moment.

The fact that he was able to save his life was simply because he was lucky.

pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!

By the time I heard the sound of a person's head exploding, dozens of people had already died.

'what?'

And finally, when Ymir twisted his back and turned around, Clump lost his temper.

"Yaaaaa!"

The best blow of his entire life had already struck Le in the side.

Zeng!

His arm hurt as if it would break, but his magic sword was shattered like glass.

'You can't even cut your skin?'

"... ... I was expecting a little bit."

Ymir, who must have deliberately conceded the blow, sent a look of contempt.

"disappointed."

The moment he felt 100 percent death, his heart sank, and Rai threw himself.

"grandfather!"

The two swordsmen of House Ogent tumbled across the ground and moved away from Ymir's radius.

"Keugh!"

When Clump raised his head, Ymir was already slaughtering other swordsmen.

Frustration, shame, anger.

Rai asked as he supported Clump.

"Are you okay?"

"... ... thanks."

Even the family's honor had fallen to the ground, but Clump was truly like Rai.

'It's dog death.'

What were you expecting?

Did he want to go down in history even if he was brave enough to fight against the most powerful enemy in history?

'It's not on that level. No one can beat that.'

said Clump.

"I'm sorry, Ray. I was stupid. You don't have to fight something like that. run away."

Whether it was Klumpman's idea or not, the soldiers from each country were running away in panic.

Ymir was ridiculous.

"Are you afraid of dying?" Dare to speak the strongest on such a subject.

Ymir, who had insisted on a one-on-one confrontation until now, twisted his body and shouted the regime.

"A mere trifle!"

The shape of the fist was printed transparently in the atmosphere, and tremendous wind pressure struck the troops.

Whoops!

Soldiers in armor were torn to pieces with the power of a bomb.

'It is annihilation.'

Rai thought.

'There is no mercy for a fleeing enemy. Rather, we can buy time only by fighting back.'

can i do it

'damn.'

To be honest, my legs were shaking.

"Move quickly! Everyone here will die!"

The moment he heard Clump's words, Rai unknowingly kicked off the ground and bounced off.

"lie!"

'Sorry, Grandpa.'

After all, that kind of guy?

The reason I wanted to become the strongest prosecutor was because I wanted to be acknowledged by my family.

'Actually, he's not even a vessel to hold a great swordsman.'

So.

'I will protect my family at all costs.'

Seeing Rai running in reverse through the fleeing enemies, Ymir smiled with satisfaction.

"Hoo?"

Even that smile was terrible.

"I'm going!"

Ymir's eyes widened, and Rai froze as he held his sword.

"......uh?"

Shim Kwon.

Ymir twisted his back as he saw them approaching in an attitude that even beginners wouldn't do.

"Are you guys Ogent?"

Smille will wail.

As if dragging the entire world, Ymir's fists approached Rai.

"yes?"

As fast as that speed, Rai was moving away from the fist's range.

'The space... ...

And the blue-haired swordsman who came in between them blocked Ymir's fist with a great straight sword.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Even in the midst of delirium caused by the tremendous shock wave, people saw it clearly.

No, maybe even this is an optical illusion?

The yaksha, emitting fire energy, was already leaping past Le's fist.

"you."

said Lian.

"Who wants to harass my family?"

Divine Transcendence - Asurabalbalta.

Ymir saw hundreds and thousands of arms extending over Lian's shoulders.

'Wow.'

The afterimages of Kwon, who were confused like mandala patterns, gathered as one in front of Ymir's stomach.

pop

The shock wave passed first, and then the giant's body was pushed tens of meters away.

"Great!"

In an instant, Ymir had a gut feeling.

'yes.'

It deserves to be called the strongest.

The disability of being human (3)

The swordsmen of each country concentrated their minds on escaping from the delirium that is Ymir's characteristic.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

There were a lot of soldiers who vomited from motion sickness, but they were still elite.

It took less than a minute on average for them to get out of the confusion.

"Whoa."

And everyone realized that some scenes seen in delirium were not hallucinations.

"Ymir... ...

The king of giants groaning with his face distorted.

"Big"

The shock was all the more because he had indirectly experienced the extent of Ymir's powerlessness.

Naturally, everyone's eyes were focused on the blue-haired swordsman with an amazing back.

"Everyone."

Lian turned around and smiled warmly.

"long time no see." Clump desperately held back tears from flowing at the sight of his grandson returning from hell.

'It's an old crab.'

If I hadn't been a commander leading a country's troops, I might have made a real mistake.

"yes. are you here now? It seems to have gotten quite strong... ...

Before Clump could finish his words, Tess got off the horse and charged Lian.

"Howdy."

The moment Lian raised her hand, she burrowed into her arms.

"Wheeyu."

Seeing them whistle even in this situation, their spirits were quite dull.

Lian asked with a smile.

"how have you been doing?"

"Idiot."

Tess' eyes were moist as she raised her head.

"If you're coming, shouldn't you say you're coming?"

"??????sorry."

I know it's nonsense, but in fact, I felt sorry for Tess for many things.

Ymir said.

"Sorry to interrupt, can I speak? I am the person I like the most."

Lian's blow earlier was already the only reason Le crossed the universe.

Tess snapped.

"I don't want to hear that you're happy for someone like you who tramples on life like an ant."

"hey."

Power entered Ymir's eyes, and the simkwon was imprinted in Tess's heart in the form of an intaglio.

'Kuu!'

It was heartbreaking to be attacked the next moment, but even if it wasn't, it was at the level of death.

"It is he who is strong, not you. Do not interfere with those who are not qualified."

"stop."

Asura's aura spread from Lian, the pressure that plagued Tess disappeared.

attack is not coming.

"Huh! Huh!"

Tess let out a heavy breath, but Imi Le didn't even pay attention to that.

'To lightly loosen the heart.'

I was just curious about the vicious Asura energy flowing over Lian's shoulder.

'Is it the state of ignorance?'

Asurabalbalta (Buddha on the battlefield).

'The feeling from a moment ago... ...

It refers to the most perfect strike after mastering all the battles in the world.

'Neither talent nor tricks.'

The maximum experience gained only through hard work.

'How many people have you killed?'

I was almost sick of wanting to fight quickly.

"You have grown. Is this time a spiritual realm? great. This time you and I... ...

"Why are you fighting?" At Lian's question, Ymir shut her mouth.

"Ymir, you are strong. The modifier "strongest" has always followed your history. but you don't do anything There is no justification or purpose in your battles."

"... ... therefore?"

"If you don't want to win something by defeating me, if all you want is that victory, I'll give it to you. So I won't stop fighting now'?"

In the silence, Clump thought.

'That immature guy... ...

Now you know how to say pretty cool things.

'No, honestly, you're better than me. It must mean that he went through that amount of penance in hell.'

"What nonsense are you talking about?"

Ymir's expression was terribly distorted.

"Seeing so much blood, do you really think you have become a Buddha? no, you are evil A demon that chases after the smell of blood. Your level is the most ideal for cutting someone."

"I guess so."

Lian didn't deny it.

"But I don't want to win anymore. That's it. If you want to win, take whatever you want."

"You stupid bastard."

just like winning.

"No, that's it."

Ymir raised a corner of his mouth coldly.

"I'll make it, justification."

Everyone in the hall turned around with pale faces as the murderous life grew endlessly.

"Harm!"

The running speed was different between the master and the lower rank, but in Ymir's eyes, it was just a small thing.

"late."

As the blow struck the air with all its might, compressed air flew out like steel.

"Drop everything."

It was intended to make Lian's lid open, but the space was distorted again.

"yes?"

etheric wave.

Beyond the level of distortion, space curved almost in the form of a line toward Ymir.

bang!

Ymir's head bent 90 degrees after receiving the steel air he shot back.

"... ... What are you?"

Jin Seong-eum appeared in the cracks in the space.

"I am the emperor of Jincheon."

She said to Lian while the survivors were scattered in all directions.

"From now on, I will go around the world and gather people. I can't help you fight."

The mission is transport to the end.

I realized when I fought Ymir's fangs that Ether Wave was not an opponent.

"yes. request."

Since the giant's troops were coming anyway, mankind needed to gather their strength.

Ymir grumbled as the true voice disappeared.

"There are a lot of guys like flying flies. At this point, should we blow up the whole area?"

"There is no need for that."

The moment Lian pulled out the great sword, thousands of blades of life rushed in.

"Because I will deal with you."

"Quack."

Look, I can't help it.

'Guys like us... ...

Ymir leaned over, and the next moment he kicked the ground and disappeared.

"I can't live without this!"

Hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of afterimages bloomed in Lian's body as he rushed at the same speed.

"Big!"

Different battlefields, battles, and situations fill the background like a map of hell.

'Asura... ...

A realization that transcends all experiences.

'Balbalta!'

The most flawless blow pierced Ymir's senses and pierced his side.

'Oops!'

Ymir, who noticed it belatedly, lowered his elbow to block the blade of the great straight sword.

'Ouch, sir... ... !'

Aaaaaaaaaaaagh!

The flash had already crossed the world greatly.

In the underground temple of the Kergo Ruins, Shirone and the others were in a confrontation with the reborn Nameless.

"Where is he?"

It was a question without context, but there was only one memory that was the strongest for the dead.

'Quan.'

An unknown swordsman.

As Shirone kept his mouth shut, Nameless walked over.

"It doesn't matter. If he's the number one in this world, we'll meet him in the end even if we kill a few people."

"How many'?"

Anonymous shook his head.

"Why? You don't have to kill them all. If you kill one, all levels similar to that one become below me. If you kill the next level, the number will fall down again... ...

It was the mechanism by which the sequence of the battlefield was determined.

"In the end, all that remains is the few at the top. First of all, I killed about 20 people here, so even if I can't do it, wouldn't there be about 300 million people under me?" Shirone looked at the corpses of Kergo tribesmen.

'Mr. Mahatu.'

If they hadn't risked their lives to protect the room, they would have been wiped out in a matter of seconds.

'Anonymity is probably an antivirus program.' That is, the manager.

'I don't know if he lost his memory because the missing link was applied, or he was cheating knowingly.'

There was nothing left to fight.

"Cheuk, everyone thinks so at first."

Gaold stepped out.

"What, what about 1st place and 2nd place? Rookie, who doesn't even shed his fur, talks a lot. Come on. Because I, who is 5.5 trillion, will deal with you."

"No."

Shirone stretched out her hand to stop it.

"Ignorance acquires all abilities in an instant. We don't have to show our strength."

Gaold knew that much.

"So what? Wouldn't it be enough to just get rid of it here? He's the one you have to bump into."

"It is different from heaven. Now we can't think alone. If, by any chance, the power is absorbed by Nameless, all future plans will be disrupted."

"Hmm."

"The reason why God chose that guy as Hitman is because it is a law designed to reach the strongest in a closed world the fastest."

It was the union of the Angel of Achievement and Karas.

"First of all, we eliminate the bad variables. Until unknown reaches me, I want to prolong the time as much as possible."

Gaold asked.

"Why do I hear that you are number one?"

Are you honestly right?

"It doesn't matter now. First, we must assemble at the temple. The situation there is not serious."

"Even so... ...

The moment Kang Nan was about to speak, the space on the wall distorted, revealing the hallway of the Delta Headquarters.

"Shirone."

Jin Seong-eum came out to meet him.

"Ohh."

The party finally saw through Shirone's strategy and entered the corridor of the temple.

Miro glanced at the voice.

'Exact timing. Is space also time? I understand why Shirone tried to save her.'

Of course, the biggest reason I like Seongeum is my strong will to endure hell.

Shirone, who was guarding the entrance until the group moved, said while holding the nameless in check.

"I will unlock the simultaneous events. Sung Yin, bring Mr. Zulu from the Pyramid of Truth."

"yes. Be careful."

Shirone's expression changed when Gaold's group disappeared and the landscape of the temple turned into a wall.

"cotton."

Kergoin's rage at having to give up for the sake of humanity was reflected in his voice.

"You can never surpass Mr. Quan."

It was only God's theory that a world where people could become the best simply because they were excellent.

When Shirone, who had extinguished the simultaneous incident, disappeared, Moo-myung was alone in his thoughts.

'How to cut Quan.'

The way to subdue the movement that transcends common sense was to dominate the space.

Moo-myeong closed her eyes, the air trembled, and the scenery began to wrinkle.

etheric wave.

At the same time as the nameless body disappeared, a bang exploded from the opposite wall.

After colliding head-on into the wall, he stood upright and then collapsed.

What could be the problem?

"Aha."

In an instant, an insight worthy of divine intelligence began to correct the error.

'It must have been much more difficult.'

Deciding to do it right, he sat cross-legged and immersed himself in deep meditation.

Time left to master.

38 minutes 27 seconds.

Pyramid of Truth.

After Shirone left for the outside world, the Zulu party still stayed at the top.

I had no choice but to wait, but soon, change came here too.

"Glenn!"

When Shirone deployed Ouroboros, a change came to Glenn who lost his mind.

"I want to live."

Ares saw hope, but Arin, who had menarche, looked at Glenn's condition differently.

"Nothing has changed yet."

As Shin and Shirone's tachyons collided, the human state was also in the state of half-water and half-human.

"Well, Glenn... ...

Rukia reached out and took Glenn's hand.

She was exhausted from the impact of God's right hand and the devil's left hand.

'Yahweh.'

That experience changed the definition of God.

'Give courage to Glenn.'

The fact that when we save ourselves, God dwells in each of our hearts.

The disability of being human (4)

A tear could be heard from Kitra's throat.

"Kiyi!"

The cause of Shirone's change of human beings was completely opposite to what God wanted.

'Fix the cause! Fix the cause! Fix the cause!'

God doesn't have a heart, but it was probably sad that he couldn't be angry at this moment.

'Detect tachyon.'

The fact that there are two beings handling imaginary time means that there are two omniscient and omnipotent gods.

And the collision between the two had no choice but to drive humans to ruin, whether voluntarily or otherwise.

'The purpose is impossible to achieve.'

who will win

'The error cannot be removed at this rate.' It must have been the side that was not interested in the destruction of humans, and the cold god finally made a decision.

'Hey man.'

A new command was entered.

-die.

Pyramid of Truth.

Glenn's eyes suddenly lit up and he screamed and choked himself.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Ares shouted.

"Wake! What the hell is going on?" The tightness of his neck was so strong that it seemed that he would not last a minute in this state.

"damn! What kind of power is this strong?"

Ares tugged at his wrist, but Glenn's arm didn't budge.

said Canis.

"It works more than strength. It's probably a signal to the brain. I'd rather break my wrist."

"Are you okay? Aren't you doing something worse?"

"There is no way."

Rukia stood up.

"I will do it."

"no. You have evaporated a lot of blood. If you overdo it even a little bit, your brain will go into shock."

It was a shame because there was Zulu, the number one person in the utility, and it wouldn't be strange if he was already dead.

"When Glenn wants to live, it means half of his heart is back. Then my ability will work too."

It is to directly touch Glenn's heart with God's right hand.

"I could die."

"it's okay."

Rukia put her hand on Glenn's chest and said.

"Save yourself. Right?" As soon as Shin's right hand was activated, the blood completely disappeared from her face.

"Huh!"

The party was nervous, but they could see that Glenn's hand, which was strangling his neck, was gradually losing strength.

Ares shouted.

"little bit more!"

And the next moment, Glenn's eyes returned to focus.

"Huh!"

Breathing in as if waking from a grave, he looked around.

What have I done?

"Glen??????

As Rukia collapsed with a big smile, Glenn hurriedly stood up and supported her.

"Lucia! Rukia!"

Ares checked the situation.

"It's fine. It's just exhausting. what happened to me anyway? Why did you suddenly choke?"

Glen shook his head.

"I don't know. I didn't want to die. But, how to say, it doesn't matter if I die?"

empty.

"nothingness. It's a huge futility. There is nothing in this world. It's empty."

Glenn raised his head.

"There is no time. Everyone will make the same choices as me. Then this world is over!"

Zulu asked.

"why? Even if someone dies, the world doesn't end."

"No, no."

Glenn grabbed his face.

"I... ... I stopped watching. You will never be able to stop it. We can never beat God!"

said Canis.

"You got your heart back, and this time you're a coward?"

"You don't know! It's not a matter of life and death! What does God want to do to us... ...

At that moment, the scenery opened.

"Mr. Zulu."

While Glenn stared blankly at him, Jin Seong-eum, who crossed the boundary of space, turned his head.

"Shirone is calling you." Yahweh seemed intent on fighting to the end.

"It's called user code." Lethe said.

"The mind itself is not an error. Because if it were an error, I wouldn't exist either. It's nothing special though. It's just a quantum signal processing a random number code."

The figure of Taeseong sitting in the landscape of the crater looked like a broken machine.

"Humans want to live. It's a little different from an animal's survival instinct. And because humans have the desire to live, this world is maintained."

by quantum signals.

"That is the essence of love. But when the obsession with life gets stronger, demons amplify and the world becomes turbid. The device to prevent this is Terra Force, but there is a limit to the standard of good and evil. The only thing that can put a child to sleep is emptiness." Taeseong still didn't respond.

"Human life begins with children and ends with balls. There are many good and evil in between. The world in which these four directions harmonize is probably Ultima, but even God finds it difficult to balance. After all, this world is user-friendly."

God is also man-made.

"The Illuminati seem to think that a life controlled by machines is the same as being dead. I'd rather sleep forever, no need to reincarnate in the multiverse. So this world is very dynamic. All kinds of random numbers collide, and we have a system to deal with it."

It was the world behind it.

"The Missing Link is the core of the reincarnation system. To prevent excessive accumulation of information, the Illuminati are given an oblivion code each time they enter a new world. In a sense, true eternal life. But it is at this point that the error occurs."

It was a case where the love became too strong.

"Some users seem to love this place more than Edea. That must be what God and the Illuminati define as errors, the workings of the mind."

Why is the mind dangerous?

"Even if it is an illusion, the human user code is linked to the idea. It means that if someone decides to stay in this world, not even a god can close it." Lette walked towards Taeseong.

"Of course, the power of God is mighty. It can kill you, haunt you, or make you terribly unhappy. I'm not emotional, though."

It was just an operation of the law.

"But even such a god doesn't have as much access as the user code. Because it's an act of hostility against the Illuminati. Therefore, if all users decide to stay in this world... ...

Once incorporated into Ultima.

"God cannot close the world by any means."

Taeseong blinked once.

"The Illuminati will be crazy. Don't you think of waking up in a world that is only an illusion? Moreover, if the result here exceeds the result of God, the real and the fake are reversed, and their world becomes an illusion. So what is the mind... ... It is the most serious error in the entire universe."

Lethe asked again.

"How to stop it? What is clear is that the Illuminati cannot directly intervene in this world. You can also tell by the fact that Shirone has no contact with the outside world. But if you give God permission to destroy the master code... ...

Humanity may disappear.

"If you think about it now, the gods we follow are just machines for mediating the two universes. Because imaginary and integer times are connected, the Illuminati has reached infinity."

It is infinite because it is two.

"God is using all means to close the world. Cause manipulation, cell buster, phosphorus surge. Now they are recommending death by injecting the ball's code. They are trying to get humans to take their own lives so that they can escape to the outside world."

Lethe looked at the moon.

"There are 18 minutes and 40 seconds until midnight. What about it? Will we still exist after 18 minutes and 40 seconds?"

It was an end ordained by God.

"It won't be easy. Did you know that a human named Cayden escaped from prison? That would have made God's results very slightly wrong. In fact, even a difference of 0.1 percent is a huge event."

God must be perfect.

So even an error of 0.1 percent would be an error worth changing the whole thing.

'So the truth is 50:50.' The odds of winning between gods and humans.

When Taeseong didn't show any response until the end, Lethe moved on as if resigned.

"I will fight. Bye."

" me."

Taeseong opened his mouth for the first time.

"Will Shirone forgive me?"

After thinking for a moment, Lethe slowly turned around.

"Whoops."

Underground passageway of Delta Headquarters.

"Haha! Haha!"

Harvits was making his way through the dark passageway, groaning strangely. The moment he was exposed to the Photon Cannon Infinity, what flashed through his mind were memories like fragments.

"mom."

No, is it really a memory?

There's no logic or reason to tell what's real, but Harvits didn't care.

It's enough if you believe that.

"no wonder... ...

Life was so easy.

"I am free."

In the sense of liberation that it is okay to do anything, Satan's chaos reached its peak.

"Quack! I will do it my way."

It was like that until now.

"Hehe! hehe! hehe! Hee! Hee! hee hee!"

The appearance of Havitz walking, bumping his body here and there, was beyond grotesque.

"Hi-Hi! fun!"

Midnight is soon approaching, and the game of 'Facts vs. Lies' is about to play one last time.

The proposition he must prove to be true is to kill Shirone or kill Urin.

"You son of a dog!"

After confirming that Yahweh could not be killed, Uorin was the only option left.

'No, it's different now. I'll kill you. son of a bitch. I'll tell my mother everything.'

Harvits laughed helplessly.

"Hehehe."

He had never lost in a game of any kind, so it must have been the same this time.

'Wizard.'

I realized why she was good.

'Let's sunset.'

Vanishing activated.

Uorin's steps stopped.

"what's the matter?" When Kido turned around, her eyes were fixed in complete terror.

"There is no road."

The golden timeline that had determined her where to go in any situation had disappeared.

Uorin shuddered.

'What am I missing?'

As I ran away, I carved it into my head thousands of times, but the name Havitz never came to mind.

Kido activated the Earthquake Command.

"Huh!"

The will to bind any enemy sealed off a 2-meter radius into a perfect swamp.

And Harvits... ... .

"Hi-Hi! Hehehe!"

He raised his feet while being bound by the Earthquake.

One step forward with the ankle joint pulled out first, followed by the muscle and skin being ripped off.

thud!

The protruding anklebone was stamped into the ground, but now the pain felt unreal.

"I am free."

The moment his longsword aimed at the scruff of Uorin's neck.

"Kuk!"

Vanishing is broken.

"......uh?"

Uorin and Kido both came to their senses at the same time, but they couldn't immediately make up their minds.

"Havitz?"

I shuddered at the sight of the long sword in front of my eyes, but soon the question occupied my mind.

'Why didn't you kill me?'

A strange sound escaped from Havitz's mouth, who distorted his expression as if he were pretending.

"Eh, run away."

The voice was Havitz's, but the expression reminded me of someone stupid.

'Gando.'

"Kuaaaaa!"

Harvits screamed.

Then the reddish leg regenerated as if blood had clotted at the severed ankle.

'That is Gando's body.'

Maybe not, but I was sure I would never see him again.

'Gando saved me.'

Uorin instinctively threw herself away.

The moment of vanishing again, Havitz's long sword fell vertically.

'What am I missing?'

Two people.

'No, wasn't one a human?' Uorin's calf was cut, and blood flowed from Harbitz's side.

"yes?"

Harvits tilted her head.

"Is something strange?"

He couldn't think of a goblin named Kido.

The disability of being human (5)

"what?"

As Harvits looked around, Uorin stepped back with her butt on her butt.

"Huh."

When the vanishing was released, I felt the pain.

'The legs... ...

Blood was flowing from the cracked calf muscle.

"Hmm."

Havitz, on the other hand, did not feel anything strange seeing the wound on his side.

just homogeneity.

The facts that could be guessed because they had the same burnishing conveyed the seriousness of the situation.

'It's a skill similar to mine.'

Harbitz aimed his sword at Uorin.

"come out. kill."

Another vanishing was released, and it was finally recognized that So Kido was guarding Uorin's side.

"Hey?"

Because Harvitz was always in the position of the perpetrator, the feeling of being the victim was interesting.

'This is how it felt, the dead to me.'

Harvits lowered his sword and asked.

"How did you do?"

Kido was silent, but Uorin realized as he reviewed the situation from a while ago.

'The taste of memory.'

Absorbing his memories by eating Havitz's ankle, which had been ripped off by the Earthquake Spirit.

" Big??????

Kido's eyes were half open.

'Crazy guy.'

It ate countless human memories, but I've never seen anyone so insane.

'I think I'm going to vomit.' Every time I searched for Havitz's memories, I felt like my head was getting tangled up in a jumbled mess.

'How can I live with this spirit?'

beasts are better

'Basic instinct pursued by extreme reason. It has nothing to do with survival, it's just a desire for entertainment.'

That is, it was perverted.

Kido glanced at Uorin's wound.

'Severely cut. I can't run away on my own.'

When Havitsu's movements were hardened by Gando, Kido made the choice of a lifetime.

'Even if I protect Uorin from a single attack, I will eventually die from vanishing.'

If so, leave Uorin alone and eat Havitz's ankles on the floor.

'Eventually I absorbed vanishing.'

It wasn't the product of hard work like Natasha, but this time it was too much talent.

'If mental illness is also a talent, it's genius.'

The problem is that you can't make a logical decision while Vanishing is activated.

Kido said.

"If you kill the queen, I will protect her. If both of us activate Banishing at the same time, there's no guarantee who will win. It's just a game of dice."

Certainly it was.

In a crisis of a different kind than he had ever experienced, Havitz thought carefully.

Of course, there is no such thing as 'thought'.

"Quack."

There is only a desire for pleasure.

"Would it be fun?"

At the entrance of the delta, the procession of phosphorus fell down and strangled itself.

"Oh, it can't be."

In the midst of Ntara's astonishment, Shirone realized.

' god.'

It means to kill if you can't use it.

'Is that you?'

No killer in the world will be able to kill hundreds of millions of people at once.

'Do you really think that's okay?'

God says this.

It's called empty.

Because this world seen from the outside world is nothing more than a bubble that exists in an instant and then disappears.

'But we... ...

A being who lives eternity in that instant.

"Mika."

decrease and 10.43 million.



- World population is growing rapidly

there is. 2.27 million. 4.89 million.





44.29 million.


everyone is committing suicide

"Huh."

A jaw-dropping number.

There were still more than half of humanity alive, all dead.

but not

give up



'why?'

Is God a Murderer?

"Extract! Beep!"

In the hallway of Delta, which was blazing with waves of phosphorus, I finished two calculations called Kit.

He has two algorithms.

1. Repeat the calculation until 100 percent is obtained under the current system.



2. Change the system through learning.





First of all, the conclusion corresponding to the first was to delegate the authority of the Illuminati.

-62.7 percent of users request to log out. Invokes the power to shut down the system.

Now we can close the universe.

"beep......

But at that moment, Kitra, God, evaluated the figure as 62.7 percent.

'Is that enough?'

Although the requirements set by the Illuminati were exceeded, the remaining 37.3% of users refused.

Even God needed a reasonable logic to block the user's master code.

- The causal rate is lowered. 100.000000 percent chance. 100.0000 percent chance.

It's the same 100%, but as time goes by, the trend of breaking perfection was detected.

-Probability 100.00%.

'Approval.'

By the extremely mechanical logic of promoting the benefit of more users.

- Shut down the system.

God entered an exit code into one of the multiverse's myriad worlds.

outer space.

The solar wind rushed in at the point when the workload of the Shirone Sphere exceeded 98%.

"Keugh!"

Even Shirone, who was far away, couldn't bear it.

'The law is changing.'

The rapidly bulging sun would swallow the entire system and then collapse into a tiny point.

How long would that point absorb the universe?

ten thousand years? 100,000 years? 100 million years?

'no.'

In the outside world, it's fleeting.

It exists and then disappears, like popping soap bubbles or turning off a running machine.

'please??????

-Workload is 98.356 percent.

Accepting Mika's cold information, Shirone calculates the time and despairs.

'I can't make it on time.'

Shirone on the ground is changing the cause with Tachion, but the same is true of God.

'I have no choice but to focus on the spear.' Shirone looked at the core of the sun.

'please.'

Please hold on.

Amy squeezed her soul out.

"Huh."

He maximized the incarnation of fire, but the Law of the Sun seemed to burn away even the fire.

"Amy, please go back."

Ikael said.

"This is the end. We will soon dissolve into the laws of the world. But you are not an angel. I cannot let you die in a place like this."

Once the sun explodes, even the gods of the outside world cannot bring it back.

'A unique and irreversible event.'

It could be said that it was the end of the true omega.

"The apocalypse is unstoppable, but the universe is not going away right away. We will have some time."

After the sun exploded, wouldn't they survive for about 10 minutes, or maybe 10 more days for them?

Amy's heart was miserable because she knew that Ikael's words were not lies.

'Shirone.'

I wanted to meet you.

If the end can't be reversed anyway, at least I want to face the end together.

'I'm sorry, Shirone.'

Said Amy, shedding tears of fire.

"Nope. I will stay here."

"Amy."

"Don't try to convince me. Of course, there is no way, and I want to see Shirone too... ...

how will you die

"We will fight to the end." Amy seemed ready for her.

"Amy will die."

Seriel's eyes widened at Fermi's words.

"what!"

Grab right away.

"You crazy child! What if I say something so important now! What about Shirone?

Do you know Shirone?"

"no."

Seriel was even more absurd.

"Are you really crazy? Didn't you tell me that you knew?"

"Didn't you say you understood?" Of course it was, but it was her case that she far exceeded her expectations.

Having lost the energy to hit her, she staggered as she loosened her grip on Fermi's collar.

"Why would you do something like that... ... . Fermi, this isn't it. Of course, one person's life cannot be more precious than the entire human race, but it shouldn't be like this. you... ... Seriel cried and shouted.

"You are my friend!"

Fermi approached the window.

"Not friends."

"Fermi!"

"But I think it's important. After all, Amy is Yahweh's core emotion." "If I had told Shirone the truth, the future would have been completely different. Even if there was cooperation from many people, in the end, this future was led by Shirone."

The moment Shirone takes a radically different step, future information becomes a piece of toilet paper.

"therefore... ... Did you sacrifice Amy?"

"no."

Fermi turned away with a cold expression.

"I save Amy." "All I can tell you at this point is that you have to die to save Amy."

Seriel opened her mouth blankly.

"And... ...

Fermi laughed bitterly.

"Not yet."

The Archangel was dying.

'Is it like this?'

The feeling of stepping into a state of irrenewable, endless nothingness was truly terrifying.

'That it would end just like this.' At the end of the melting cerebral body, Satiel recalled a distant memory.

'There were good times.'

No, looking back now, it seemed that there were far fewer bad times.

Fire! Fire!

Metatron, Faiel, Methiel, and Kariel disappeared, and then it was Rayel's turn.

"Sathiel."

His spirit has been passed on.

"me... ... Remember me."

Satiel groaned.

The only angel who came to visit me when all the angels left, when I screamed out in despair.

"Huh!"

Why me... ... .

'I was so close.'

Could he have committed such a foolish thing?

"Ichael."

Satiel smiled sadly.

"sorry."

At that moment, Ikael felt it.

To see the indescribable feeling grow infinitely in her mind.

'mind.'

Although it is not an error in itself.

'Love is... ...

because it is an error.

"Beep beep!"

Kitra let out the loudest mechanical noise and trembled his limbs.





?Probability 99.999999999... ... .


'The calculation is wrong.'

To correct the error, Kitra immediately accessed Satiel's mind. A process that runs at the speed of light.

thump thump thump

In a dark room where the familiar beating sound could be heard, Satiel slowly opened her eyes.

"Sathiel."

There was Anchera, the sun incarnation, a huge brown mass with big eyes.

"Hey Anker Rashi."

Time did not pass for the exchange of signals, but he brought up the chilling topic of enke.

"Your quantum signals are disrupting mine. Please take immediate action."

"sorry. It's my ignorance. But Anchera, I cannot."

The mind is like that.

"I will give you eternal life."

And Ankera knew how to change quantum signals.

"Now, I will make the signal exist in another universe as it is. You can do anything you want."

Satiel shyly bowed her head.

"Anything."

"yes. You will have everything you want."

"Are there guffins there?"

"Anke Rasi, I have always been your faithful servant. That's why I accused Ikael of betrayal, and even put the child born to Guffin to death."

Slowly moving forward, Satiel sat down in front of Ankera and stroked her rough skin.

"I felt like I could do that. According to your will, you will be able to obtain something precious. But what about it? I left forever. Ikael, Guffin, the angels who followed me, and even you."

"I have never abandoned you."

"... ... I guess so."

Satiel's eyes widened.

"Because I didn't care from the beginning, you son of a bitch."

She poked into Ankera's eyes with her curled fingers and pushed them all the way to her shoulder.

"Key eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh !" The connection between God and Satiel was severed with a high-pitched sound that made the world explode.

The sun rises at night (1)

said Mika.

- Solar change detection. Shirone Spear's completion is 0.3 seconds ahead.

Shirone's eyes lit up.

'done!'

I don't know how Ikael did it, but the end point was pushed slightly.

'that's enough.'

- 99.99 percent of the workload.

It was just before the birth of the best artificial structure in the universe, dozens of times larger than the sun.

"Sigh."

It was spectacular.

"Sathiel!"

Ikael shouted.

'I'm sorry... ... ;;

Rather, it was what he had to say.

'I knew.'

Satiel's feelings for Guffin.

It wasn't that I was particularly concerned about it, and it wasn't that I hit the ball because I was blinded by jealousy.

'just.'

That's how it happened.

Fight like crazy, fall in love, run away from Anchera and have children... ... .

'no.'

Could it be that she remained in a corner of his heart and escaped to this point?

Ikael wept.

"Sathiel."

I should have said it right away.

"Sorry."

I mean I loved you too

- Whoops.

Satiel gave a pretty smile.

"iced coffee??????

It was the face of the angel Ikael remembered, the best and most righteous angel in the 100 Watches.

Her voice seemed to be heard at the end of extinction.

-take care.

"Aaaaa."

Satiel left Ikael, whose emotions were as pure as tears.

from existence to non-existence.

In the process of integrating with the entire universe, Satiel met Shirone.

-name.

I wish I could have built it.

Perhaps it was the apologetic touch that Guffin and Ikael had extended for her.

- Shirone. that's a cool name

Although the body disappeared, she held the back of the boy who was fighting the god with her heart.

-you can do it.

Shirone felt it.

A special force rushing in from a minute area that humans cannot observe.

'Goes!'

As the Shirone Sphere was completed, all information contained in the photons began to be reversed.

'god.'

Behind Shirone, who was staring at an existence beyond the universe, someone reached out a hand.

Kitra's face shook like crazy.

"beep! Beep!"

In the 50/50 balance that divided the entire universe in half, the realm of the gods was collapsing.

-75 percent! 52 percent! 32 percent!

When Shirone's tachyon was applied to reality, pushing away the cause and effect of the god, the human regained its mind.

'No! No! Impossible!'

And Kitra... ... .

'Critical damage detected.'

It flew all the way down the hallway with a popping sound, as if it exploded inside.

"Keck, keck, keck, keck

Smoke billowed from his burnt-out eyes and a strange noise came from his throat.

He will be scrapped, but Kitra's damage won't be God's.

- Algorithm fixes.

Second, Shin tried to change the system through learning.

- Learning done.

Why did it fail?

human.

God reviewed all the logs that the mind has influenced, from the beginning to the present.

-Cause Analysis.

If the quantum signal is not properly processed, the system can be changed to a quantum-based system.

- Restart the doomsday program.

Kitra's lips moved for a moment.

"human."

The light in his eyes went out without a sound.

'hi,'

Satiel, who parted with Shirone heartily, continued his journey to the end of the universe.

There is no direction.

It's just a process of infinitely dispersing until it disappears.

'Does it feel like sleeping forever?'

No, the perfect nothingness without the sleeping subject or even the thought passing by in the dream.

Satiel was not afraid.

' It's fine.'

moving away from space

' iced coffee.'

Things she knew more accurately the further she got away decorated her final moments.

'In that far away universe... ... Were there stars and moon?

'Love is.'

Is it contained in such a huge heart? infinite nothing.

Satiel was able to laugh in the face of complete annihilation without even the concept of 'nothing'.

' It's fine.'

where there is none.

'Because there are guffins.'

Uorin grabbed his head.

"Aaaaa!"

The vision of the future, which can be seen even with closed eyes, continued to blink at a tremendous speed.

Survival, death, survival, death, survival, death.

'what? What's going on?'

she doesn't know

The fact that Harbitz and Kido are fighting with knives at close range, and the fountain of blood bursting out.

'Kill Urin!'

Also, Harbitz can't recognize Kido.

'Protect Uorin.'

Kido can't recognize Harbitz.

The bizarre love triangle created by the double vanishing was making every second of them a disaster.

"Keugh!"

Kido was confused.

The bleeding was imperceptible, but maintaining the vanishing itself was hell.

'I think I'm going to throw up. Why am I doing this? Why do you keep cutting the air?'

I don't know who it is, but it's probably someone who uses the same ability.

'I have no choice but to hold out until the end.'

At that moment, Havitz rushed.

'Kill Uorin! Kill me!'

His sword bounced against the shield of the blade that Kido had spread.

'Why can't I kill him?'

If you don't kill Uorin by midnight, your chances of winning in 'Facts and Lies' are zero.

'Wizards, on the other hand, still have a chance. Her thesis is either love me or hate me.'

The way to prove it is to kiss Havitz and break his fingers.

'I'll probably break it. Victory is decided in an instant. He must be looking for an opportunity somewhere.'

Considering the Wizard's ability and the missing frame, I couldn't relax.

"You're annoying."

I don't know what kind of specter is in front of me.

'Steal my powers?'

There are things you can never steal.

'fate.'

Havitz, who had canceled the vanishing, closed his eyes and began to move freely.

"Hee hee hee!"

'Havitz!'

Kido's eyes flashed open, and his spear pierced the front with terrifying speed.

' uh?'

Havitz, who evaded the attack with a movement that no master could deploy, swung his sword.

Kido realized.

'I didn't avoid it.'

It's just that he wasn't there where the window passed.

As Havitz's sword cut deeply into Kido's chest, the blood fountain burst out.

The vanishing loosened, and Uorin shouted.

"Kiddo!"

Raising his upper body as if ascending to heaven, Harvits rushed forward and raised a longsword in front of Uorin.

"haha! got it!"

Kido came running, but Harbitz's longsword was already touching the top of Uorin's head.

'late.'

The moment Kido's heart sinks

Shinigami's Dance - Variational Time Concerto.

The human figure flew faster than Harbitz's sword, which was already digging into Uorin's flesh.

Fuck!

Following the dull sound, Havitz was slammed into the wall with his neck fully turned.

Kido was speechless.

"??????uh?"

Natasha of the 4th Gustav class was standing in the way of Uorin before she knew it.

" wake up."

When I hurriedly turned my head at her words, Habitz was looking this way over his back.

"he... ... Hehehe."

The sound of laughter coming from the 180 degree turned neck gave goosebumps even to Uorin.

"Four, Satan."

The neck was massively bulked up, and the skin had been ripped to show the muscles.

Harvits stood up with mad eyes.

"How did you do?"

It was a question about Natasha, who pierced through the fate of never dying and killed herself.

"saw."

The severed head of the Vulcan.

And the special memories contained in those dead eyes, which may be an illusion.

"You know that, Harvits." I don't know the name.

Perhaps the memory has been erased by some action, but the feeling rises like perfume.

- Habits? Havitz? let's come

There were four friends who always called themselves in front of the house.

"therefore? what is that?"

Natasha took a step.

"I just wanted to have fun. Vulcan, Sumodo, Zeta, me too."

"Are you doing that?"

What the hell am I talking about?

As if there was another personality within a personality, the words to answer came spontaneously.

So was Natasha.

"I hate killing my friends, though. you broke the rules see now You don't even die."

Harvitz slowly turned around.

Then, holding his face with both hands, he turned it around with a crunching sound.

'My law doesn't work.'

It was proof that Natasha was also connected.

"It is my heart. die or not. I will do whatever I want. I'm tired of playing with you guys."

Actually, that's what pissed me off the most.

is Natasha.

"The Shinigami's martial arts."

Requiem.

Natasha, who rushed with a bang and exploded the air, patted Havitz's body.

rZTZTZTZT3 f tZTZtZT3 I

?-rrT-="! -J?Fr=f!

Every time the bones in his body broke and his muscles exploded, Havitz's body grew larger.

"Ha ha ha! more! hit more! Fool!" As he tore off his human mask and turned into Satan, he covered the air with his arms.

Natasha's wrist was caught like a fish caught in a net.

"Because I can't."

Havitz, who showed his teeth with a blood-red face, threw Natasha away.

"You die too!"

At that moment, the wizard ran at a terrifying speed from a blind spot where Havitz had not expected.

'Are you aiming for this from the beginning?' The incarnation of the impermanent god that had risen from the body of the wizard pulled out its long tongue and limply.

'Damn it!'

Harvits strained his fingers even though he knew it was useless.

Chogong-mugye creation.

One frame disappeared from this world.

"nice?... "

In the next frame, what Havitz was prepared for was the feeling of a broken finger.

side

What he actually realized was the feeling of the Wizard's soft lips touching his own.

Even after the wizard landed lightly, Harvits had a dazed expression on his face.

'Why'?'

Wizard said.

"I won."

Dang. Dang. Dang.

I heard a bell ringing from the ground announcing midnight.

Temple time, 11:52.

With 8 minutes left until midnight, Li An and Ymir's fighting spirit was completely ignited.

"great! great!"

Buildings collapsed with every stretch of his fist, and the ground shook with every step he took.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Kurrureung!

The soldiers had already moved out of the radius of hundreds of meters, but even that was not relieved.

said Clump.

"I'd better step back a little longer." Even now, it was absurdly far, but no one objected.

'It's not a battle of this world.' The landscape is cut, the air expands like a gong, and the shape of the landmark changes every moment... ... .

'It's a battle of shamans.'

As the sound of fireless explosions pierced their eardrums, they slowly began to widen their encirclement.

'There's nothing to be ashamed of, nothing to be ashamed of.'

On the other hand, Ymir was trembling in a melee battle where no one had the upper hand.

'Yes, this is it.'

An enemy that won't fall no matter how hard you hit it.

Divine Transcendence - Asurabalbalta.

"Keugh!"

And an enemy who returns to himself a shock that far exceeds the shock received.

"more."

stronger.

The attack with all his heart grazed Lian's cheek, and the big sword struck his side.

"Big!"

Ymir's eyes were wet with the excruciating pain.

"... ... Hehe."

The feeling of awakening the cells of the whole body.

'live.'

I'm alive.

He clenched his fists in uncontrollable emotion and opened his jaw to the end of his joints.

"Gaaaaaaaaaa!"

The king of giants was pouring out tears.

The sun rises at night (2)

What you want to die for will be anger, but what you do not want to live for will be close to emptiness.

As Shirone looked at the procession of people who had regained their hearts, a sudden thought came to mind.

'Which is sadder?'

"Aaaaaa! why did this happen to me? give it back! Give it all back!"

Those who had just said they wanted to live were now consumed with anger.

What are humans?

"I don't know."

Ntara said.

'Is there anyone who really wants to live? Whether we live, or whether we live.'

"Lord, man is a handicap. No matter how much you fill it up, it's like pouring water into a bottomless pot. They don't care about the sacrifices of others. Because it's basically asking for it."

"I am human too."

Otherwise, it will be just a signal.

"Of course I am human. human sacrifice. that's what i want to say Are you really okay? If someone doesn't take out the trash, it will end up being a garbage dump... ... Is that enough? We also have the option of ruining it all."

Shirone knew too.

After this huge sacrifice, what comes back is the expectation of wanting more, the disappointment and criticism that come from it, and perhaps even higher expectations.

"I have someone I love." If you finish all the homework given to you, you will be able to laugh at least once.

"That is enough."

same human.

'Let's think of fighting for me.'

It was not a role and pain that I could endure with the thought that I was doing something great.

I looked back at the people called Eunta.

Those who experienced countless futures in the human wave and finally felt the futility of life.

'Can I turn it back?'

Even if you want to live, you will want to die.

Will they be able to give their hearts to reality while embracing the anger of life again?

"I could."

Shirone had no doubts.

"You will live again. Even if it survives, you will find it again."

something to love

"First of all, we build a shield towards Delta. When the foil is completely burned, the underworld and reality will merge into one. It's a full-blown clash between good and evil. And above all... ...

An explosion erupted where Shirone turned around.

"Ymir."

An indescribable gigantic monster was growing on top of the building.

Euntara asked with a blank expression.

"Ymir... ... Called?"

Rather than expressing the form, it was a terrible feeling of despair the moment I saw it.

"Yahweh, tell me. Is that good or bad?"

"well."

Shirone couldn't define it.

But maybe that feeling... ... I wondered if it was something closest to existence.

5 minutes ago.

Ymir howled.

"Gaaaaa!"

The tears that the King of Giants shed were different from the tears of other creatures.

His temperament was becoming violent, to the point where he couldn't even feel the slightest sympathy.

"more... ...

Ymir bent over.

"Doo oh oh!"

The two collided again, and each time they were hit, their eyes flashed.

"Big!"

Lian also began to surrender to his instincts in a half-forced, clouded consciousness.

"Aaaaaaa!"

At the same time as Daejikdo hit his side, Ymir threw out his fist.

"Whoa!"

Ymir endured, and Lian also turned back his head, which had returned to him with the power of divine transcendence.

his face... ... .

"Big!"

It was the demon itself.

Ymir felt an eerie thrill and pleasure at the same time.

"Quack."

Enlightenment?

"You're fucking."

We're just fighting.

'Victory? What do you gain by beating someone? wealth? authority? honor?'

Just for those things... ... .

"You don't have to be this strong, you idiot!"

The moment the fist was slammed into the big sword, the shock wave spread in all directions.

"Yeah.Ah!"

As Ymir's combo attack began, Lian began to be pushed back for the first time since the start of the battle.

'strong.'

The only image of Ymir that pops into my mind while I'm in a daze is Kang Kang.

And inside you don't even know yourself.

' It's fine.'

The yaksha's voice, which could have been muddy, was coming up like an hallucination.

'I am stronger.'

Divine Transcendence - Asurabalbalta.

The afterimages of Asura, which had been destroyed by Ymir's regime, differentiated into a larger number.

"Hehehe."

I was quite afraid.

And in the next moment, a relentless series of hits that even blew away fear came rushing in.

Ymir's eyes darkened.

'fun.'

It was polished only for this moment. What remains for them is the utmost respect for an opponent who has reached the same level... ... .

'I am stronger.'

It was all about the low biological desire to trample that great opponent mercilessly.

'We are the same.'

It's just a beast.

Ymir wondered if this feeling he was feeling right now was what others had been saying.

orgasm.

"Uh uh uh?"

Every time Lian's great sword struck his body from all directions, something condensed.

"Uh... ... Aaaaaaa!"

Something was boiling from the bottom, foretelling a certain explosion sooner or later.

'Divine transcendence!'

At the same time as Lian rotated, he struck Ymir's bent right forearm with a straight sword.

Uh-jik, uh-jik-jik.

The sword that broke his arm bone engulfed Ymir with half of his torso dented.

And Ymir... ... .

"Gaaaaa!"

The second time, he let out a cry of joy and flew hundreds of meters before crashing into the ground.

Tess, who was watching from afar, shouted.

"it's okay! Lian won!" It must have been a huge boon to mankind, but no one in the room opened their mouths.

Probably because they are also prosecutors.

"Is it real... ...

Feeling the disbelief stares around him, Rai looked at Lian.

'How does it feel?'

Being the best at something.

said Clump.

"Rye, everyone has their own life. Don't make yourself unhappy."

"Unfortunate."

Well, if anyone could become a great swordsman, he wouldn't be a great swordsman either.

"Why, Grandpa."

Rai asked.

"Why can't I even dream? Why was it Lian and not me?"

Luck, hard work, talent, limitations?

"Well."

Since Rye is also a precious bloodline, Clump chose his words carefully.

But no matter how much I think about it, the conclusion remains

O......

"love."

Rai looked back in bewilderment.

"Yes?"

"You don't like swords." "To be more precise, I don't like fighting. Of course there must have been a lot of fun moments, but now it's a bit sullen. Why? Do you feel your limits? Is the training hard? Aren't you out of luck? no."

said Clump.

"little... ... you're fed up to the sword." That's it.

"It's withered. In the current position, in the current honor and people's attention... ... . That's because you craved position, fame and attention. The sword itself was not a purpose, but a means to achieve something for you."

Klumph pointed at Lian.

"Look at that guy."

Even as he exhaled heavily, he did not take his eyes off the place where Ymir was impaled.

"Talent? effort?"

Clump raised an eyebrow.

"You look like you're going crazy because fighting is fun."

that's yaksha

Rai, who had listened to Clump's words to the end, turned his head with an unorganized mind.

"??????uh?"

And at that moment, an ominous haze began to rise from where Ymir was imprisoned.

"Gaaaaaaa!"

Ymir's screams flew through the air and pierced their eardrums.

"Keugh!"

It was a kilometer away.

However, the visual impact was so strong that even the pain in the ears was forgotten.

"I-what is that?"

Ymir's body rapidly proliferated and was changing into a bizarre form.

It must have some color, but it just looked black as if it was absorbing even the light.

"... ... Is it the end?"

form of that feeling.

Ymir, who was growing endlessly, looked down at Lian, thrilled at the new level.

'thanks.'

The limits he had crossed for the first time in his life made him feel why humans train.

'That I can become stronger.'

Ymir, who finally found a full life, stopped becoming gigantic near Skyline.

"Whoa!"

In the next moment, his body rapidly condensed into the shape of the idea.

"Goaaaaaa!"

The only unrestricted right arm surged toward Lian on the ground.

"Big!"

In the huge shadow cast on the ground, Lian also raised his sword in the form of a demon.

The two eyes collide.

'Buddha on the battlefield.'

Ymir recognized Lian.

'A realization reached after experiencing all battles. Yeah, that must be really cool.'

But.

'Did Ymir experience it?'

Because Ymir's strength, which transcended limits, would be unheard of even for Buddhas in previous chapters.

"I win."

Woo woo woo woo!

The moment the huge fist struck Lian down, the ground rippled and ground.

Deed Deed Deed! Deed Deed Deed!

When an earthquake occurred in downtown Jive, citizens packed their bags and rushed out.

"Aww! Save people!"

But they were frozen in place, unable to move for a few meters.

thud. thud.

Mountain-like giants were crossing the human barrier and entering the city.

"uh?"

The moment someone tries to express their feelings.

thud.

Dozens of humans were trampled like ants in a single step, followed by screams.

"Aaaaaa! help me!" Under the giant's legs, Girshin, who was at least human in size, held out his sword.

"Wipe it all away."

Ymir's contract with Louver was theirs, and the giant destroyed the city in an instant.

"Yup!"

They trampled on people, pulled out buildings like toys, and threw them into the crowd.

"Hey!"

That time when people who saw a whole house blown up froze in place.

'Hand of God.'

A hand made of light grabbed the building and threw it back at the giant.

perseok

The giant, who had been hit right in the forehead, frowned and looked over the ground for the first time.

Shirone was standing with the Warrior of the South.

"Yahweh!"

When the citizen recognized the face shouted, everyone clung to Shirone.

"Get out of the way! I'm first!"

I understand their feelings, but I couldn't properly protect the citizens in this situation.

"Get away!"

The southern warriors shouted.

"Slow back! Being here is not something you can buy! We have to run away!"

"shut up! What are you?"

How to run away from a giant that walks tens of meters at a time?

Above all, Shirone was deflecting all of the giant's throws.

"Yahweh."

Girshin's expression crumpled.

Ymir said it was not fun, but to Girshin, play was not important.

"I kill."

When the only 7th stage giant started to become gigantic, the body began to grow infinitely.

The voices of the fighting citizens died down at the same time.

What they saw was a creature that had grown beyond imagination.

Woo woo woo!

In an unrealistic situation where a storm can be created just by moving your legs slowly.

"Oh Dae-sung!"

A familiar voice was heard.

"yes?"

Shirone hurriedly looked behind him, but saw nothing but the scenery.

"Here it is! here r

Shirone lowered her gaze again, and her eyes turned bright.

"mini!"

Mini, as small as a squirrel, was running towards me, waving one hand vigorously.

And the next moment, as he passed Shirone, her body began to grow.

"I will take care of it."

Ivory Tower 2-star Resident Twelve Mini.

Nickname is Super Giant.

The sun rises at night (3)

"Ariana."

As Minnie regained her average size, her satellite Ariana caught up.

"Goes."

"OK."

The scale of Mini approaching Girshin grew exponentially.

And finally, having reached the same size, she threw out a fist with all her might.

Whoa!

A tremendous amount of air was pushed out and hit Girshin with a thud.

Girshin's upper body staggered.

"Great!"

The balance of forces at the same size is boiling

And what remained was the gap in technology.

"Something human."

As Girshin draws his sword, the atmosphere burns

and the cloud of fire drew a parabola.

"huh!"

The mini who returned flexibly is brought up

He hugged God behind his back.

"Now!"

Ariana, who was riding a mini, crossed Girshin's face and landed on his forehead.

"go!" Minnie, leaning her upper body, put on a German Suplex.

"Yaaaaa!"

The moment when Girsin, with both feet floating, turned upside down and plummeted toward the ground.

"Fantastic Press."

Ariana's ghost appeared, grabbed Girshin's face and slammed him to the ground.

Kurrrrrrrrrung.

The ground shook and dust spread across the city.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Girshin, who jumped up, swung his fist, but it passed Ariana's illusion.

'It's not real.'

It was her incarnation technique, the realization of children's hearts (telekinesis).

"Here, fool!"

Girshin lowered his head to find Ariana, and Mini immediately charged.

"Hole hole ho!"

And the moment Girshin looked ahead again, he hit the stomach with a drop kick.

"Aww!"

Pushed down by the enormous weight, Ariana immediately invoked incarnation.

"Huh!" Her vision grabbed the peak of the mountain and pinned it to the top of Girshin's head.

puck

"100 million!"

All kinds of trees, soil, and animals and plants rained down on Girshin's face like filth.

'What is it?'

Illusion is only a medium that embodies power, but actually moves things with spirit.

"Salt enough to float the entire mass of the mountain."

Before he could think, Minnie put a choke around Girshin's neck and performed a twist.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Girshin was annoyed.

"Oh yea!"

The illusion of Ariana, who had thrown herself, struck the giant's belly with her clenched hands.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

The people in the city were mesmerized by the sight that did not seem to be a real battle.

It was the same with Shirone.

'Interesting?'

"Lord, the giants are going out of the city. Now is your chance to move on."

I suddenly came to my senses at Euntara's words.

"Yes. We take people to the temple. Minnie and Ariana will take care of this. and I... ...

For a moment, Shirone was taken aback.

"Why?"

Shirone, who did not answer Ntara's question, muttered while looking across the sky.

"what?"

The law was changing again.

In the sun's core, Ikael was holding on to Amy from behind.

Of course, it was a form of spirit, but it should have been able to protect Amy until the end.

"Ichael! Don't do that!"

"it's okay. You are not an archangel. If someone has to die last... ...

It should be Amy.

"Ichael... ...

The moment Amy delivered her sad voice, the divine law that oppressed them was released.

"uh?"

The moment they came to their senses, the two separated and looked around while regaining their respective forms.

"What happened?"

Amy seemed to know.

"Shirone did it. You broke the law of God!"

They did not yet know that Satiel had helped them in the process.

Ikael looked down and looked outside.

"iced coffee."

Even on the scale of an archangel, an artificial structure that aroused admiration had been completed.

And farther away, I saw Shirone breathing a sigh of relief.

"It's great." It couldn't be helped that the figure of the guffin shimmered.

"Go to Shirone."

As Amy raised the incarnation of fire to the fullest, Ikael nodded happily.

"then??????

Woo woo woo woo!

At that moment, Ikael discovered that the laws of the world were being twisted through a signal of light.

"Why?"

The reason I didn't leave right away was because it felt qualitatively different from God.

'This is obviously... ... It's the heart.'

quantum signal.

Of course, it didn't feel good to them.

But at least it wasn't cold, and it was even full of biological variables.

"Amy! Get out quickly!"

Maybe that's why it's even more dangerous.

"Yes? what... ...

Amy, who asked her back, felt it too.

"ah."

Following the faint perfume, her figure, looking back, is enveloped in a halo of light.

"Amy!"

Subsequently, even Ikael was buried in white light.

Shirone frowned.

"Keugh!"

The Shirone Spear, which had just been completed, was being dismantled in reverse order of time.

'Tachyon?'

Shirone made the spear.

Therefore, in order for the structure to be dismantled as it is now, the cause of Shirone must be directly addressed.

'Do you think I'll give it up easily?'

After activating Ouroboros, Shirone started a fight to protect her past.

As if swept away by a wave of phosphorus

Countless incidents occurred like bubbles.

"Ugh!"

different.

'This guy is not a god.'

Unlike God, who manipulated causality with cold logic, it definitely felt human.

'No, it's not like that, it's like... ...

The feeling of understanding me.

Shirone, who understood the characteristics to some extent, tried her best to undo the past.

Amidst the collision of tachyon signals, Shirone Spear shimmered like an illusion.

who implements it

'Don't talk nonsense.'

that's what i made

The moment when Shiro, who finally found the case of conversion, penetrates the spear.

- I guess so.

I had the illusion that I had heard a voice.

And... ... .

"uh?"

An intense solar wind was launched towards Syrone's planet.

Just a few seconds later, the skeleton of the Shirone Spear, struck by the solar wind, was burned.

'Miracle stream.'

Shirone also had to put up a shield with all his might to maintain his life.

"Great!"

A tremendous heat swept through Shirone, but what was more serious was the planet.

"damn!"

Shirone looked back at her hometown, which shone like a small star.

'It will arrive in about 10 minutes.'

At this level of heat, even if the magnetic field blocks it, living things in the hemisphere will burn.

'I was caught off guard. To attack with a solar wind...

A being that is good at both photon and quantum.

"uh?"

popped up

"Amy."

I turned my attention to the sun, but nothing remained in the core.

"Amy!"

Shirone, who flew straight to the planet, soon realized that there was no need for this.

'I'm on the planet.'

Shirone is gone.

And with this, the simultaneous events that spread all over the world except for the temple ended.

Rumble. Rumble.

Halfway up the hillside where aftershocks lingered, Tess let out the tears she had been holding back.

"Lian!"

It may be an illusion.

No matter how much light the schema master collects, the vision won't be clearer than daytime.

But she knew by feeling.

It was such a huge and powerful shock that I was sure that Ymir's attack was over.

Tess mounted the horse.

"I have to go!"

This time, even Clump couldn't stop him.

'Is this meaningless?'

The end of a swordsman who reached the realm of God for the first time in human history was like this.

"I am going too."

Clump drove the horse with the thought of confirming it with his own eyes.

"Hey!"

Rai was watching them as they walked away.

"Whoa."

The fist that hit the ground was dozens of times bigger than Ymir, who was 3 meters tall.

Ymir's expression was not good.

"It was fun."

It was the futility after the most thrilling moment for eons had passed.

cringe

The massive arm returned to Ymir at its original size.

What remained at the place where the fist left was a completely distorted corpse.

'It's dead.'

I think so.

When the blow touched Lian's will, the divine transcendence was destroyed, and when it touched the body, even his faith was broken.

The disastrously scattered bodies were the evidence, and in the death, Lian... ... .

'It's dead.'

I agree with Ymir.

'It's ridiculous, but this.' The journey so far has been like a kaleidoscope

went out

'I went through so much trouble. I hear from all sides that I am a fool, and I end up going through the hardships of going to hell.'

That's how I got there.

'I thought I could really fight properly now.'

He was mercilessly trampled by Ymir.

'Come to think of it.'

Lian suddenly remembered.

'This talk... ... Where do you think you heard it?'

Once in Vanguard, an oasis in the desert, a prophetic girl had foretold the future.

'haha!'

I thought it was a pseudo.

'Enough now.'

Is there anything else you can do?

'Totally smashed. I'm tired, and I want to sleep. Damn, how do you sleep? Even the brain has already been smashed.'

why do you think

After thinking about it for a while, Lian soon gave up and waited for complete death.

I lived like a flame, and I was exhausted.

After a while.

'Ah, why don't you die!'

Lian's annoyance welled up.

Could it be that it must exist only as a thought forever?

'no.'

I know the truth.

Even my convictions were broken, so there was one thing I wanted to ignore until the end.

'Shirone.'

I couldn't keep my lord.

'I am a broken sword.'

- Smille.

'Can we fight again? Can you defend your lord while embracing the misery of defeat?'

Auguste says

- Smille.

Ymir's eyebrows twitched.

"yes?"

Lines of light that seemed to imitate Lian began to flow over the flesh of the corpse.

The will is filled with the signal of Idea, and the scattered flesh will wriggle before long.

"Hehe."

Ymir laughed.

"Ughh! Uhhhh!"

Lian's body was slowly standing up.

'To my heart... ...

Establish the kingdom of faith.

The spirit regenerated as a single knight, not as a battle-mad swordsman, is absolutely... ... .

'It doesn't break.'

yes.

Lian and Ogent said at the same time.

- Ideas are not destroyed.

Everything inherited from the previous generation was put together, and a great sword was held in Lian's right hand.

"Whoa."

The moment he saw Lian's brightly shining eyes, Ymir felt a sense of dread.

'It's an amazing regenerative power.'

I wasn't talking about the restoration of the body.

'I wouldn't have been able to come back. After burning everything, was there anything left?'

It was such a battle.

"Okay, what are you going to do now? From the looks of it, I don't think I'll give up."

Lian, who had calmed down his bestial nature, was calm.

'This is the last one.'

With the integration of Ogent and his idea, his regenerative ability completely disappeared.

"I have fought enough."

I have no regrets about life.

"Keep it."

To be willing to cross the river of death to protect Shirone, humanity, and the world.

"Hoo?"

Ymir stroked his chin.

"It sounds good, but... ... how? If you can't beat me, no one can protect you."

"You are not alone."

"Lian!"

Upon arriving at the battlefield, Tess and Clump were surprised to see Lian alive and well.

"you... ... It's fine?"

Ymir shrugged.

"Cheuk, yes. Certainly not alone. Are you thinking of setting up a meat shield and trying it?"

At that moment, the space was crumpled and a different landscape unfolded based on one boundary line.

Jin Seong-eum has crossed the boundary.

"Transport complete."

Behind her, all those who had experienced the same incident as Shirone were gathered.

Nade stepped out, touching his fist.

"Okay, first is that stupid-looking rice cake stand? hey come on smash it

I will give it to you." Ymir just stared.

When Miro, Gauld, and even his friends didn't respond, Ned turned around with a puzzled expression.

"Why why'?"

The sun rises at night (4)

"There is no time!"

Ntara asked at Shirone's cry.

"what???????"

But before he could hear an answer, Shirone turned into a flash and flew across the night sky.

"Mika!"

-It is 7 minutes and 48 seconds until the arrival time of the solar wind.

"this??????

The current temple time is midnight.

Thus, to block the solar wind, it would have to circle half the planet in about seven minutes.

'I can't write simultaneous events.'

Because no one in outer space defines Shirone.

- Blocking is also a problem. Coming to the planet now is the strongest law in the universe.

Mika, who hit the mark, was nasty at this moment.

"things will work out."

Shirone's heart was also the strongest in the universe.

And at the same time he left, Amy and Ikael arrived at the temple.

"Huh!"

Amy, who had put the avatar of fire to rest, took a deep breath.

The air coming in after a long time was so thrilling that it paralyzed my brain, but I soon came to my senses.

"What happened?"

Ikael looked around and approached.

"It is a temple. Arrived faster than light. It seems to have been transmitted as a quantum signal."

Then Amy saw.

"uh?"

small in the west that can never float

The sight of the light becoming as huge as the sun.

When Nade hesitated, Iruki gave him a wink to come in.

'I can't grasp the atmosphere.'

Of course, Iruki also didn't get a special feeling from the current Ymir.

'I've heard of it.'

When they reach a state that is too strong, the clumsy don't even feel alive.

'U.S... ... It's clumsy?'

At least Nade thought it was not clumsy, so the number of cases was two.

'Surprisingly worth trying... ...

Ymir has become a monster beyond imagination.

"Ymir."

Gaold moved on.

"Seeing it here is quite different. But this time it won't be easy. This is not your world." Ymir was silent.

'You speak as if you know me well.' Of course, I've fought most of the strong, but there was a thorn in Gaold's words.

The first level of in-depth, it must be the work of unconsciousness.

"Well, okay. There is a first face and a spherical face

army. I know that you are the best of the best."

The moment Ymir's murderous energy emanated, one side of Ned's face was completely distorted.

"Big!"

Iruki made a puzzled expression at the tiger's reaction as if he had met a dinosaur.

'It's serious. As long as that guy gets scared.'

At that time, a butterfly made of light flew quickly and arrived at Jin Seong-eum.

Reading the information reflected on her retina, she stepped back.

"A new mission has arrived."

And perhaps, this mission was the biggest variable that could determine the fate of the world.

As the party silently agreed, the true voice disappeared through the etheric waves.

"Now, the one who is going is gone... ...

Ymir waved his hand at them.

"Come on all."

Because no one gathered here had ever thought of losing a battle.

'Thousands Arms Guanyin.' Starting with Miro's incarnation, each of their organs began to develop simultaneously.

Surprisingly, the result... ... .

"Quack."

It was very one-sided.

"Kyaaak! Save people!"

Those staying at the Delta Headquarters were running down the hallways, regardless of status.

"Kill! Kill them all!"

No, can we call this a hallway?

In the reality where Bakji's curtain disappeared, blood, pus, and flesh clung to the walls.

"Huh!"

The demon's ivory-sharp arms pierced the lady-in-waiting and lifted her up.

"Ah! Oh, it hurts!"

"That sounds good to hear."

As soon as she swung her arm, the lady-in-waiting escaped and landed on a wall with a human hand on it.

"Five! Ohhh!"

The dead man's hand, as if protruding from the grave, tore the woman's body apart.

The demons laughed.

"You are terribly weak. What did the army of hell do? I would rather have enlisted."

Even the inhabitants of Hell, who lacked fighting ability, were no different from demons to humans.

"Don't be alarmed. It's because the space was merged and I was just aiming for an empty gap. Humans are strong. It is absolutely no coincidence that the armies of Hell were destroyed."

"but... ... It sucks."

It was only natural that it would be easy as they ignored all man-made defenses and penetrated.

"Well, Satan will take care of it. In the meantime, let's have some fun. look here There are so many precious materials to overflowing."

Dismembered body parts, blood, internal organs, etc., were nothing but gold and silver treasures in the other world.

When the demon turned her head, the lady-in-waiting, whose legs were weak, crawled away in amazement.

"Help me!"

"lol! Once you're hungry."

The moment the demon raised its sharp arm like an awl, a burning sound came from the eardrum.

"yes?"

Half of his face was blown off with a bang.

"Kiyi!"

The demons who found their fallen comrades headed towards the end of the hallway with frightened expressions on their faces.

Mito Cyrano, who is currently the head of the International Court of Justice, walked away grumbling.

"What, you guys? Where did you come from?"

The soldiers were busy protecting their country's factors, so wizards from the 5 departments came forward.

Socrates, who blew off the demon's head, said.

"The space overlaps. This is serious. It's like the sector's defense wall has been completely breached."

"huh. A dying man must die. Where is the fool who thinks someone will protect him in this situation?"

Cyrano's words were realistic, but protecting innocent people was also important.

Alpheas said.

"The Tormia Teachers Association is in charge of the restaurant. We need to evacuate people to a large space."

"Yes, please."

Cyrano's tone softened.

Alpheas was a respected wizard, and Vice Principal Olivia was also a certified second-class archmage.

"I'll go too!" When Dorothy, the chief military officer, stepped forward, Liz, who was also present as an economist, intervened.

"Me too."

Their faces were extremely nervous, but since they were also professionals, Alpheas accepted.

As the Teachers Association moved, departments in each country also found their own roles and moved.

Socrates licked his lips.

"what? What are we going to do when it's all gone?"

said Cyrano.

"Don't be cheap, the former president of the association. Please take some responsibility." She walked in front of her and asked her demon.

"Where is your captain?"

In any case, the active duty soldiers of each country must protect the king, so they will not be able to leave their seats.

'We should meet at least once.'

Perhaps this is also the privilege of the leisurely person who withdrew from the front line.

"I will take you."

Having said that, the demons rushed with bloody feet.

"I mean, just cut off your neck."

"??????Ho Ho."

As the nails of the swamp witch, Cyrano, turned red, Socrates walked away with a disgusted expression.

Basement of Delta Headquarters.

When the midnight bell stopped ringing, Havits lowered his sword and nodded.

" lost."

Losing always feels bad, but this time it didn't seem to be the case.

'I have to listen to what I want.' Her heart pounded as she wondered what condition the wizard who had kissed her would make.

"say. What can I do for you?"

"Nope."

Wizard said nonchalantly.

"It's a draw."

Harvits' brow furrowed slightly.

"... ... You don't understand?"

"The proposition I presented in this game is this. Either love you or hate you."

"yes. So you fit... ... Harvits was sad.

"You hate me."

Wizard nodded.

"You couldn't kill Shirone or Uorin anyway. I'm not going to lose, so I'm quitting this game. Win or lose, I hate you."

"... ... you won."

It was such a rule.

"What do you know about your sincerity? you have proven It is true that you love me."

"Wrong."

When Wizard was first offered this game, there was only one thing that came to Wizard's mind.

'tie.'

Winning or losing isn't the issue.

In the first place, the reason Harvits likes to win is only because it's more fun.

'If losing is fun, you can lose willingly. I can't catch you that way.'

If the wizard wanted death as a condition for victory, would he have committed suicide?

'I don't know.'

His mind is chaos.

'But this way... ...

Wizard said.

"This is the end. Never look for it again."

Leaving those words behind, when she really left, Havitz was dazed.

It was a break.

'How is it, Harvits?'

Natasha, who had an image of the outside world, watched Havitz's reaction.

'How does it feel to be directly affected?'

"uh... ...

Tears flowed down one of Harvitz's eyes.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The huge rage behind the sadness completely contorted the muscles in his face.

Wooded Deuk!

Kido hurriedly held out his spear as his face distorted as he broke his bones.

"Uorin! stand up quickly! red... ...

And in the next moment, everyone present was stunned to see Habitz.

"Uhhhh... ...

All of his hair fell out, and his face and body were burned black like charcoal.

"Above?????That??????de." Only the jade-white snow was moving.

After the vanishing, the law to avoid death, and the chaos that formed it disappeared, what remained.

evil.

"I will have it."

It was atrocious.

It should have already been devastated.

Cuckoo coo coo!

There should be nothing left the moment Gaold's air press applied.

'Buffer action.'

Miro had a hunch that someone was blocking the energy applied to the planet.

'Is it Taeseong?'

I heard that you did something bad to Shirone, but it wasn't important right now.

This is because the giant's fist is 1 cm in front of the nose.

'Thousands Arms Guanyin.'

It was far enough.

'Baek Gong.'

Time slowed down, and the palm of countless births tapped on Ymir's arm.

But the problem is power.

"Huh!"

The fist that destroyed the incarnation of the maze penetrated even the defense of Eden.

Aaaaaang!

"Mr. Miro! Eden!"

The two women rolled on the floor at the same time, and Lian came running and brandished a straight sword as if flowing backwards.

"Yea.!"

Again, monstrosity.

Ymir's focus slightly wavered as he blocked it with his arm, but the corner of his mouth went up.

"Geuk, is that so?"

Ymir's mind's eye pierced the opponent.

"Is this the last one?"

Lian's heart sank.

The swordsman who stood up many times even when his body was broken was no longer in the world.

"I can't fool my senses."

Pushing away the great sword, Ymir twisted his body.

"Shall we check?"

As he punched, flames flew through his side.

"Quaaaaaaaa!"

There were cells that could withstand even lava.

"Big!"

Even after the flames had gone out, he stumbled and stared straight ahead with angry eyes.

"What are you again?"

Amy was sitting in front of the group.

"Whoa."

"Amy!"

Tess immediately ran over and covered Amy with her cloak.

"What happened, you fool!"

"Hehe, long time no see."

Tears welled up in Tess' eyes at the confident smile that always reassured her.

"what? to be blunt. Become very strong."

Ikael said.

"This is not the time to be complacent. There are more serious matters."

"serious? The world has come to this point, what could be more serious than this?"

"They are coming."

Ikael's gaze turned to the night sky.

"uh'?"

The next moment everyone realized.

The fact that another sun is approaching from the universe that has turned its back on the sun.

Light explodes on something arriving at the speed of light.

"Keugh!"

In a world that had turned to daylight, a man engulfed in brilliance was smiling sadly.

Amy's expression darkened.

"me : yes?"

The final code chosen by the god of the outside world.

"Amy."

Daeil Yeorae  .

End of History

Wings of light that covered the sky fluttered.

The wind pressure of an explosion pushed Syrone away, and the line between night and day was finally visible.

'Hey there!'

The sun's rays cast over the land curved along the mountains and fields.

The moment he crossed the border, the clear vision blinded Shirone for a moment.

'I'm almost there.'

At that point, Shirone, who broke through the atmosphere, went out into space and calculated the time.

-68 seconds ago.

It was a tremendous amount of energy that was invisible to the visual distance but approached at the speed of light.

If not prevented, the hemisphere of the planet would ripen, and eventually it was extinct.

Detected earlier than the solar wind was a discoid ship, a creation of extraterrestrial life.

'Terra Force.'

It was flying to the other side of the planet where the temple was located at a very high speed by human standards.

'It's here.'

The final confrontation between good and evil.

If evil wins here, the Terra Force will also erase humanity from space.

'User protection device.'

Because no human wants to live under the rule of absolute evil.

- Yahweh.

He heard the voice of the Supreme Court of Terraforce.

- Report to the representative of humanity. Now we will judge the end of man.

Shirone did not object.

I couldn't object, but the biggest reason was because I believed in the power of good.

"I will never give up."

- So...

The signal from the Supreme Court Justice, who had been distant for a while, approached again.

-Are you thinking of blocking the solar wind?

"Yes."

It was now about 30 seconds left.

- Shirone.

"Yes?"

I asked quickly in a situation where time was running out, but the answer was delayed for a long time. The topic that even the Supreme Court, who has clearer standards than human beings, is conflicting with is... ... .

Amy's death.

Because it is a race that can hear all the voices of mankind, it also knew the records of Omega.

-He who blocked the sun for the sake of mankind, if you could save everyone, would you give up one person's life?

"yes."

Shirone added.

"If it were my life, so be it." What can I say?

As the Terraforce ships disappeared over the planet, the Supreme Court said goodbye.

-Good luck.

After clearing her mind, Shirone headed for the tremendous energy she began to feel little by little.

-9 seconds until the arrival of the solar wind. 8 seconds.

'Miracle stream.'

The mind that reached the realm of Yahweh created a lens-shaped membrane that was bigger than the planet.

-2 seconds. 1 sec.

Kurrrrrrr!

As the solar wind flowed along the veil, the entire defense shield shook and Shirone lost consciousness.

"Aaaaaaa!"

A huge haze erupted on the land devastated by the battle between the dragon and the angel.

"hot."

The sun from 8 minutes ago was burning in the sky that the fire dragon Inpercus looked up at.

The dragon Argan said.

"I was thinking of roasting it whole. Even though Messiah is blocking it, this much radiant heat!"

If it wasn't for Hexa's tent, everything on the ground would have been burned.

Assryker said.

"He is coming."

Shirone was falling without wings.

* * *

"me : yes."

Unlike the polar maze staring at her with scary eyes, Nane's face was calm.

"Why did you come back?" Nane shut her mouth.

Also, that was proof that he had descended as a being from the outside world.

"To destroy this world?"

"Nope."

Nane shook her head.

"There is nothing to destroy in the first place. I want to bring everyone back. A paradise without pain or hate."

Maybe it is.

"that is... ... Is this the Buddha's conclusion?" I didn't like the maze.

"It's not a conclusion, it's the truth. You will know when you wake up. Obsession with this world is an illusion without substance."

Shura flew.

"Buddha."

He was the only one who had returned from the outside world and knew the secrets of this world.

"Yes, it is Shura."

"Did you find out? What is it? What is this universe like? What will we become when we wake up?"

Nane knew what truth the god of lies longed for.

"Do you want enlightenment?"

"Yes. Please teach me."

Just because knowing and realizing are different, there was only one thing I could do.

"Sermon."

green onion.

The sword, which glowed like a flash of light, flew like a bend and stabbed Shura's torso.

"Huh billion!"

Her eyes rolled upward and then she lost consciousness and fell to the ground.

"damn!"

Nade took her because she couldn't keep her eyes open to watch the falling person.

"Hey, are you okay?"

"Kuh! Keugh!"

Even when she could not breathe, her gaze was fixed on the Buddha.

'why?'

you said

"Wake up from your dream. The pain is only momentary. Let go of obsession and present pain

will be liberated from it."

"hey! Wake!"

Shura was conflicted in the consciousness of being distant.

'is it?'

If I give up my life like this, will I be able to know the secret of the universe?

'The secret of the universe?'

Looks like someone died

"Big!"

Shura, who activated her gestalt ability, broke the sermon with the power of lies.

"Haha! Haha!"

When Shura stared into the air, Nane made a pitiful expression.

"Why do you refuse?"

Well, why?

"I do not know. I was prepared to give my life if I realized the secret. But in my opinion... ...

That's it.

"I don't think it's true."

"It is true."

Nane was really frustrated.

"I am not killing you. To give you everything I felt. Once you follow my teachings, all doubts will be resolved by themselves."

That would be true too.

"Then you should have killed him." "If you are truly a Buddha, really right, I should have killed you before I had time to question. Then he would have been enlightened by the outside world. But I couldn't."

Miro understood.

"yet... ... Are you saying it's not perfect?"

Shura nodded.

"If it's really a ball, then it's enough if you don't care what happens to this world. But the Buddha has returned. In other words, I wonder if it is a bit of an obsession, that I have my heart set on this world."

"Whoa."

I couldn't deny it.

Then his gaze moved slowly to Amy on the ground.

'yes.'

It was an obsession with his previous life that he could not turn away from even after waking up in the outside world.

"So I came."

To break even the last remaining obsession and liberate all of humanity from suffering.

"Sermon."

Behind Nane, a sword that seemed to have gathered all the colors of the world spread out like a fan.

"nine."

Infinite swords shot at the speed of light began to fall from the edge of the sky.

Buddha's enlightenment aims for only one thing.

"Harm!"

It was Amy.

"Ah!"

Shirone woke up holding her head.

"Are you okay?"

When I looked up, all the 12 apostles were making worried expressions as if they were competing.

'I lost consciousness.'

Shirone shouted.

"How long have I been stunned?"

"About three seconds. It wasn't very long. But I think the impact is considerable."

"There is no time."

It was ominous.

I don't know why, but it was the scariest feeling I've ever had in my entire life.

"What the hell is going on... ...

Shirone's words suddenly stopped.

"uh?"

An unusually large amount of tears poured out.

"uh? uh huh?"

His face was wrinkled with tears and his whole body began to tremble as if he had been struck by lightning.

"Messiah! Why?"

"Ahhh... ... !"

Tachyon's signal went back in time and brought a fact.

It was a deal with Fermi.

"Ah, Amy."

The reason why I explored that moment that I had never looked back on by adding consciousness and unconsciousness.

"Amy is dying."

Because it was more painful than dying himself or losing all of humanity.

"No eh eh!"

Shirone's body, which triggered the simultaneous event, evaporated.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

As the sermon devastated the ground, the party scattered in all directions searched for Amy.

'It's me, you... ...

Miro saw through the Buddha's thoughts.

"Protect Amy! Even if we die, we must protect Amy!"

The condition in which Buddha becomes perfect, and the condition in which Yahweh loses everything.

'Amy's death.'

However, there was a huge wall called Ymir to succeed in Miro's instructions.

"Hahaha! It kills me!"

The king of giants who crossed the limit did not push even a little against the strongest players.

Gaold's expression turned serious.

'Rather overwhelm.'

New arms stretched from Ymir's shoulder and side as he took up his riding position.

"Hehe!"

The six volumes swung around like a gale, and everyone who rushed at them was bounced away.

In the meantime, Nane's sermon was endlessly pursuing Amy, the incarnation of fire.

"this. River. Five. zero. city. Prize. sifter. amount." Each word becomes a sword and pierces Amy's incarnation at tremendous speed.

"Keugh!"

Eventually, half of the incarnations returned to human form.

'The incarnation is breaking.'

"ruler. Yo. mountain. tooth. me. force."

And finally, the avatar of fire was completely destroyed and she rolled on the floor.

"Keugh!"

A sword was inserted around her as she sat with her shoulder wrapped around her, and a cylindrical light gushed out.

"Amy!" Miro's Thousand-Handed Guanyin and Zulu's Posmetary were developed simultaneously, but to no avail.

'The concept itself doesn't work.'

imaginary time.

Shirone wasn't the only one dealing with tachyons.

"Let go! Let go of this!"

Amy, trapped in the light of the cylinder, rises into the air, and numerous events overlap.

"Change your mind."

"no!"

No matter what the reason, Amy did not bend her conviction.

"I don't change." If I had lived a different life, I would have lived that way again.

'Meeting Shirone.'

Even if I go back thousands or tens of thousands of times, I will choose that moment again.

"I will never forget."

Nane couldn't change Amy's results.

"... ... Is that so."

Everyone does.

Even if there was a heaven out there, would I give up my life leaving behind my loved ones?

'Even if it's just a dream...

Shall we wake up from this dream of being with the lover we love?

'But.'

How many human beings are suffering in this mundane world where good and evil collide?

"I will return everything." with a ball.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the world shook, the battle on the ground stopped and all eyes turned to the sky.

"I-that... ...

A golden Buddha that rose up to his chest above the horizon was smiling benevolently.

"I am

Two gigantic palms rose from the ground and covered Amy as if they were joining hands.

"no!"

Everyone in the party launched an attack into the air, but they could not break the Buddha's rightness.

"Unmarked."

Gradually, their palms met and pressed Amy, who was stuck in the middle.

"Huh!"

I hesitated.

'I feel it.'

Amy's breath, alive.

The last child of the Buddha was trembling so pitifully between his palms.

'Really, really... ... Will I erase this woman?

'you can do it.'

The reason why it doesn't close even though it has the power to destroy the entire universe is the heart that conforms to it.

"View??????

destroy it

"Amy!"

At the same time as Shirone arrived due to a simultaneous incident, Nane's actions shook the heavens and the earth.

city! | U' /? //zz /xz /? //zzzz /? | re'

three fucking

"no! not... ... Wow!"

The moment the Buddha's hands touch, Shirona falls to the ground as if struck by lightning.

"?????mmmm."

Tears of blood dripped from Nane's eyes as she bowed her head with her palms together.

'Please take refuge in Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva.' Karmis Amy.

Dead.

End of History (2)

Kido said.

"Back off."

I can understand it because I ate Havitz's leg.

'Everything about this guy is a joke.' But.

"It's no joke from now on."

I was seriously thinking of destroying something. In a sense, I threw my heart into this world.

"Uorin."

A charcoal-black human raised his eyes. The chaos that always lingered in his eyes was compressed and compressed again and hardened into an atrocious hostility.

'Satan has no vanishing. But, maybe I don't need that anymore.'

Whether others realize it or not, Havits will do what it wants.

"Whoa."

As Havitz exhaled, his body caught fire and the landscape around him began to burn.

A terrifying scene unfolded in the underworld, made of the entrails and remains of creatures.

Kido blocked Uorin's path.

'I burned the foil.'

Havitz's fire had gone out, but the embers were burning in the crevices of his body.

"Give me a chance."

In fact, nothing like that remains.

"Give me Uorin. Then I'll kill you painlessly. I bet it wasn't a lie this time.

"It will really hurt."

Those who heard those words imagined the maximum amount of pain that could be inflicted on them.

Kido said.

"I can't."

Since the chaos of Havitz has been broken, mankind has the means to resist Satan.

'It must be a history search. Perhaps to find the child from a moment ago.'

In order to find the wizard of supergong, future poetry was needed.

'The only place where all human possibilities are drawn is empty. It is there.'

Wizard.

"Choose."

Every time Havitz took a step, the shape of the soles of his feet changed into intestines.

Even thinking it was bizarre for a moment, Kido made a decision and kicked off the ground and charged.

'Vanishing.'

Although it is difficult to maintain the state of chaos, Habitz has now lost his ability.

'I'll kill you in one shot.'

When Kido's spear struck Havitz's neck, the steel spear burned with a bang.

'what?'

The spear blade, which had turned into charcoal, continued to burn like a wick and touched his hands.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Vanishing dissolves, great pain

Sensing it, Kido trembled and stepped back.

Uorin's face went pale.

"Kee, Kido."

Tears welled up in Kido's eyes as he checked his blackened hands.

'This is terrible.'

It wasn't tolerable.

However, the reason why pain is scary is that it does not think about the position of the person suffering.

"Huh!"

His hardened hands were so painful that he couldn't even shake them, but Kido energized them.

"Aaaaaaa!" The skin peeled off and the raw meat came out.

"Haha! Haha!"

Even that was not an acceptable pain.

"??????Satan."

While everyone felt the seriousness of the situation, Havitz opened his arms.

As his body caught fire again, even the landscape of the underworld burned black.

"This world."

Aaaaaaaaaaaa!

Habitz spoke in the screams of the dead.

"It will turn to ashes."

Law of Evil, Death Field.

Only death exists wherever his touch touches, wherever his feet touch.

"Only pain."

Omega's final moments were a world defined by atrocities.

Tess was in tears.

"Ah, Amy."

In the place where the incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai disappeared, not even a strand of hair remained.

Complete annihilation, emptiness.

"... ... There would be no pain." Two streaks of dried blood remained on Nane's cheek as she raised her head.

"Since this world is suffering, it should be closed. I will save sentient beings and achieve the life of the King of Paradise."

Evil points to pain, and pain points to emptiness.

"I."

A bright radiance like the sun spread behind Nane's back.

"It is Buddha."

true buddha.

He became perfect by abandoning Amy, the only remaining obsession in this world.

and Shirone.

"this?... "

Standing up with delirious eyes, he shouted at the sun.

"You bastard!"

A man's voice echoed wide in the silence where no one could speak.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Shirone flew up alone and rushed toward Nane at the fastest speed.

"Kill it!"

The previous Yahweh could not be found in his eyes full of murder and harsh words.

"Sermon."

I scolded you.

"half."

The moment the red sword flew like a flash and pierced the pit of the stomach, Shirone's eyes widened.

"Ugh!"

Even during the fall with his whole body losing strength, he still didn't realize it.

'... ... why?'

Miracle Stream doesn't activate?

"Shirone."

Nane said with a calm expression.

"You are not Yahweh."

If there is no one in this world who loves you more than yourself, how can you love someone else?

Shirone finally realized it, but she had no desire to regain her composure.

"Do not be ridiculous."

His expression crumpled fiercely again, and the immortal function broke the Buddha's sermon.

'Yahweh or something.'

Me, I will definitely kill you.

"Shirone! no!"

Miro shouted, but Shirone, already consumed with hatred, charged again.

"Photon Cannon."

Thousands of spheres of light were born and all were shot towards one place.

"You foolish middle school student." Looking at the flashes of light gathering like a vanishing point in perspective, Nane took the pose of class president.

"Get out of obsession."

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

A tremendous explosion shook the atmosphere.

"What are you talking about?"

Shiina, who had been hiding in the cave, looked outside again. Two types of magic were intersecting in the sky as bright as daylight.

orb and sword.

Since she was also a wizard, she realized that there was no magic beyond that.

"... ... Shiina."

Turning around at the sudden voice, Ku An was approaching with a disheveled expression.

"I... ... protect."

Hearing those words, Shiina no longer struggled and smiled.

"it's okay. Because it has nothing to do with us. sleep a little longer You must be tired."

Shiina pushed Quan away.

Of course, it couldn't be helped that the backbone was spooky in the world they turned away from behind their backs, but it was crazy to bring Quan, who couldn't do anything, into the battlefield.

"Shina, protect me."

Quan insisted.

Even Shiina felt strange seeing her return to the cave entrance no matter how much she pushed.

"What's wrong?"

The next moment, I felt the trembling of the space, and a completely different landscape from that of the forest was born.

It was an underground dungeon somewhere.

'Space magic.'

It was a level of difficulty that only top-notch wizards could master.

"success."

It spat out words lightly, and what came out was something in the form of a human.

'Person... ... No, is it a creature?' The white body, as if plastered, had no genitalia other than that it was muscular.

"cotton."

Shiina's voice trembled.

It felt different from when I saw it in heaven, but rather, it seemed that even the least biological inclinations had been removed.

"Haha, I found it."

With such a bright smile, Moo Myung approached Quan.

"Do not come!"

Shiina activated Spirit Zone, but a bad memory came to her mind.

'This guy steals the opponent's ability.' No, to be more precise, it would be learning, but I didn't want to call it that.

"It's fine. Because I am not interested in you." The eyes of the unknown were only on Quan.

"You don't have to beat everyone."

Because if you defeat a high rank, you have defeated all beings in between.

"It will be different this time."

The two arms of the nameless stretched out like oil paint and turned into two swords.

Moo-myeong tilted his head at the sight of Quan not responding even in front of his opponent.

"weird."

According to the memories of the previous life, it must have been an unapproachable high level.

"There is nothing to learn."

It was dull and clumsy, so it seemed that the bottom of the battle order would be suitable.

"You are incapacitated."

Shiina's pride was hurt more than Quan's.

"Don't speak carelessly! This person sacrificed himself to protect me!"

"Protect?"

It reminded me of Moo-myeong when her mother gave birth to her.

"... ... I don't know. That guy has a higher rank, so why is he sacrificing for you?"

'I can't understand the language.'

You can't even fight

Considering that Armin managed to block it with the stop magic, it is impossible to escape.

"Anyway, since I'm here, I'll beat you too."

As the nameless sword pointed toward Shiina, she could feel the goosebumps of life.

'I can't win.'

When assumptions turned into facts, Quan reacted and moved for the first time.

"I... ... protect." Anonymous said.

"Move. you don't have to kill With skills inferior to those I killed earlier... ...

"Shina... ... Protect. I... ...

The brow furrowed at the fool's stubbornness, but Moo-myeong changed his mind.

"great."

For those who pushed themselves out of the ranks of life, a battle of revenge would be fine.

"You seem to have lost your intelligence, but take a closer look. This is a state beyond the old you."

The ignorance that spread the etheric waves disappeared, and white swords protruded from all directions.

"how?"

A voice came from the left.

"They completely took over the space. Where do you want to escape now?"

continued from the right.

Quan, who had been watching the scene with a blank expression, moved on with a limp.

"No! If you go wrong... ... !"

When Shiina grabbed his shoulder, Quan turned his head.

"Shina."

The corners of his mouth went up in a bash.

"Smile."

The nameless twin swords rotated in a spiral shape and pressed the space where the two were sitting.

Clown Pierrot - Idiot.

The next moment, Quan, who was standing in a different space before he knew it, slapped his sword as usual.

There was no blood on him, but the head of the unknown standing behind his back had been torn off.

Just as Shiina shuddered, the face that had been rolling on the floor opened its mouth.

"Uh, how? There was nowhere to escape." "that's??????

Hehe, Quan laughed for a while and said.

"It's your idea."

'yes?'

Anonymous blinked his eyes.

' I don't know.'

What the hell is that guy... ... What did you see?

At the last moment when he came back, there was only one memory Moo-myeong could recall.

An existence born from the union of Garra, who is all about reproduction, and Adio, the angel of achievement.

'Mom, I'm sorry. Again... ...

I didn't get 1st place.

No one said it was okay.

Maybe that's more painful than being the best, Anonymous thought.

Shiina, who was fascinated by the short battle, hurriedly came to her senses and ran.

"Quan! it's okay?"

"lol."

Quan seemed to be in a good mood.

"Kept. Shiina."

I realized in that moment.

'I'm not stupid.'

any realm.

I thought I was protecting him who had become a disabled person, but instead, I was the one who was protected.

"thanks."

In a situation where the world was perishing moment by moment, the safest person was Shiina.

'Together until the end.'

With that thought, I grabbed Quan's body and led him, but I heard applause from the forest.

match! match! match!

Where Shiina hurriedly turned around, a woman with elf characteristics was smiling.

"It was an emotional battle. It's a really good piece of lumber."

"Who are you?"

If it were an elf, she would be on the side of humanity, but her eyes flashed with madness.

"Well. How should I introduce myself?" male speech?

"Illuminati."

The name of the body was Erin, and the name of the person who boarded her brain was Crown.

"Anyway, that... ...

Crown pointed to Quan and asked.

"Looks like there are no passengers?"

End of History (3)

Shiina frowned.

' on board?'

To treat a person who is still alive even though his mind is injured as a corpse.

"Even if you don't know what the Illuminati is, we are not interested. So go back."

The ominous feeling was so strong that I didn't want to be entangled in any sweet proposal.

"yes?"

Crown pointed to Quan.

"Maybe that human can regain his sanity?"

"what?"

Shiina's eyes widened.

And she felt that she must be entangled with the author at all costs.

"Is there a way?"

"Simple. cant fix it For instance... ... The receiver is broken. The signal is coming in, but it's not being processed. But maybe I can fix it once I get on board."

"That boarding is... ...

Crown made a circle with his index finger and thumb.

"All you have to do is drill a small hole. Then cover again and you're done. It won't look ugly."

I knew by intuition that it was a brain.

"Are you crazy?"

"Whoops."

Crown turned to the battlefield.

Girshin and the human were fighting on the side of the mountain as if they were reflected on a large screen.

In the sky, Shirone and Nane were in conflict, and on the ground, humanity's elite and Ymir were colliding.

Aaaaaaaaa!

The building of the temple overlapped with the other side world was burning from below with a scream.

"It's a yojigyeong."

I am not interested in good and evil.

His interest was the fundamental question of living things even in the outside world.

-Does love transcend death?

Why did living things choose the system of death to leave behind posterity?

- There are new children born in the outside world as well.

even though they have eternal life.

Therefore, it was insufficient to see it as an inevitable choice to respond to the virus.

said Crown.

"To enter the Yojigyeong, you need a stronger body than you do now. It might be an opportunity for you. choose Is it a moderate misfortune or a low probability of hope?" Shiina was silent for a long time.

widely. tadak.

The area that turned into charcoal continued to expand around the place where Harbitz was standing.

Uorin, who couldn't get up, was hugged from behind, and Kido widened the distance.

'It's a big deal. Even if I activate Vanishing, if I can't attack Habits, it's useless.'

Because all Satan wants is Uorin.

" escape?"

Havitz's mouth split open.

"These are funny things."

With a bang, his body caught fire, and it was shot at Uorin at terrifying speed.

"Kuk!"

Kido aimed the spear reflexively, but flinched as he recalled the terrible pain from just before.

'If you run into it again... ...

My legs were already shaking.

"damn!"

Just like Gaold, he erased his defilements and stepped into the pain.

"Goaaaaa!"

The window began to burn immediately upon impact, but this time he did not let go.

'I have to protect it.'

"Quack!"

The moment Harvitz tore his mouth open, the cheekbones exploded and fragments flew out.

"??????Uh?"

Staggering sideways, he turned his head to see Natasha clenching her fists.

"Run away."

Hearing the sound of her heart beating incredibly fast, Kido examined her fist.

It was hardened black like coal.

'It must be painful.'

At that moment, the battle doll, Natasha's incarnation, forcibly injected power into her hand.

When I spread my five fingers, the ashes exploded with a pop, and light pink flesh sprouted.

She said.

"I am the one who has business with Havitz. evacuate people You will experience hell if you stay here."

"Why?"

Kido had to ask.

"You were also in the team with that guy. revenge? Now, what does it matter whether the other person dies or not?"

"... ... Because we are friends."

Kido couldn't ask any more, feeling as if he had said something very difficult.

"go."

"Stop talking nonsense!"

As Havitz burned himself again and charged, Natasha quickly blocked his way.

In front of Kido's eyes, a series of hits at the speed of sound exploded.

lost.

"hurry!"

Seeing Natasha's distorted face in pain, Kido didn't worry any more.

"Aaaaaaa!"

As I ran down the hallway with Uorin on my shoulder, Harbitz in the flames let out a scream.

"Queueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

Kido was stunned.

'please! please!'

don't chase

A pain that makes you lose the will to fight even if a part of your body is burned.

'If you are completely encroached by the Death Field... ...

only eternal pain

Fighting itself, not force or skill, had turned into a fearful existence.

'You have to run away. All of humanity if possible. You have to get as far away from Satan as possible.'

After leaving the underground, humans and demons were fighting fiercely for territory.

What does it mean?

" entire......

Kido exhaled with all his might.

"Get out of here!"

"Big!"

Missing Uorin, Harbitz turned her gaze to Natasha with fearful eyes.

Her right arm and left leg were carbonized, and she was biting her lip in a cold sweat.

"Are you sick?" "Do you want that to annoy you? Didn't I say I don't like to play? What are you like to interrupt?"

"Huh."

Natasha couldn't concentrate.

'Feeling like human coal.'

However, regardless of her will, the incarnation of the god of death made her stand up.

"Aaaagh!" When the superhuman Natasha screamed, Havitz was also having fun this time.

"It's ugly. I didn't like it from the start. Anyway, you guys pretended to be close because of our family."

Natasha seemed to be able to hear it in her ears.

- Harvits, Harvits. Let's glow.

I don't have a clear memory, but even there, it seems that Habitz was a difficult guy to deal with.

"Havitz."

she spat out with her eyes open.

"Get some iron." Crumpled, Havitz's face crumpled and black ashes fell down.

This world, if you set your mind to it, you can set it on fire right now.

said Natasha.

"Let's go back now. Friends have gone too. Whether our memories are true or not, it ends here."

Harvits was speechless.

'Wizard.'

Even if his memories were true, he would never leave her behind.

"no. If you are going, you go."

"??????yes."

Even in the midst of feeling terrible pain, Natasha invoked the Shinigami's martial arts.

"Then I'll let you go."

Harvits's mouth opened.

"Quack."

5 minutes after that.

.......

The corpse of a victim was lying in the hallway, burnt black like a fire scene.

It was unclear even the identity of the figure grilled over charcoal with its limbs twisted.

Queek. Queek.

The incarnation, which cracked her joints as if malfunctioning, revealed that she was Natasha.

"I told you, you go."

A corpse that trembles intermittently with its fingers crumpled.

You can't hear because you don't have ears, and you can't speak because you don't have a mouth.

It was an eternal pain.

"How do you want to die? Shall I kill you?" Havits, who was watching the corpse's vibrations with annoyance, stepped on his face and broke it.

"huh."

Queek. Queek.

The battle doll folded like a piece of paper and fell, then disappeared completely after a while.

"Next time, do it in moderation." What liberated Natasha was against her friend.

Was it a consideration, or was it a mockery?

"Wizard."

What was clear was that in the future he would show no mercy to the world.

"It doesn't matter where you are."

If you turn the whole world to ashes, you will be the only one left.

"Quack."

As Havitz's body ignited again, the embers of the building that had already burned down were revived.

"Ha ha ha ha!"

The Death Field was expanding at a tremendous rate.

Aaaaaaaaa!

The ground forces all turned their heads at the sound of screams coming from the Delta Headquarters.

"I-what is that?"

The building burned in an instant, and even the ground was expanding the black radius.

"Satan."

As if to prove the birth of a true atrocity, a huge ship appeared high in the sky.

The Supreme Court informed the world.

- Judgment Day has arrived. Humanity, the results of all the history you have built up until now will stand at the judgment seat. In the battle between good and evil... ... .

"Aaaaaaa!"

Shirone screamed and charged.

"me : yes!"

A huge number of photon cannons were fired, but Nane's sermon destroyed them all.

"Why did you kill me!"

"Shirone, look at the world."

"Why! Why did you kill him!"

"Look at what humans have done! Look at Satan created by human ignorance, evil, desire and obsession!"

As the death field expanded, all the humans in it were turning into charcoal.

Aww woo woo!

They have no mouths, but they all seem to hear their souls howling.

"What more do you want in this world? They can't even die! With a heart burned black, to live until death. That's what this world is all about!"

"Yaaaaa!"

Shirone finally arrived in front of Nane and grabbed him by the collar.

"Why."

Tears flowed.

"Why did you kill him?" "I mean, it can't be undone. That's something you can't take responsibility for! Why! Why!"

"I take responsibility."

"??????yes?"

Shirone raised her head with lifeless eyes.

"Then die."

When the Photon Cannon Infinity was activated, waves of particles spread at the speed of light.

"A fool."

At the same time, a sermon containing the strongest logic pierced Shirone's chest, breaking the waves of particles.

"Huh!"

Watching him fall to the ground with sad eyes, Nane raised her hand.

"I will save sentient beings from suffering." A huge golden sword began to spin in the sky.

"Shirone!"

Lian, who noticed the falling Shirone, jumped past Ymir.

I checked the condition immediately after sliding on the ground, but there were no visible fatal injuries.

but... ... .

"Wake!"

Consciousness showed no signs of returning.

In the defeat of Shirone, the elite army as well as those who fought alongside admitted the reality.

"I lost."

humanity is defeated

"Take Shirone and leave."

Miro approached, inspecting the Death Field.

"I cannot stop you without Yahweh. Even if we fight Satan right away, the outcome will be the same."

Lian hugged Shirone with one hand and asked while holding the great sword with the other hand.

"Where can I go?" There was only one thing Miro could say.

"As far as possible."

Lian, who understood perfectly, nodded and kicked the ground at the same time.

I was determined to run even to the end of the planet.

"Where are you going?"

Ymir blocked the way.

'Damn it!'

"I think it's all over anyway. We have to finish it too."

When the world closes, even if it closes, I wanted to know who was the last one left.

bang! bang! bang!

Every time Ymir's attack hit the great sword, it felt like his bones were being crushed.

"That's ridiculous."

Such an extreme defense.

"Was it like that after all? Wasn't the reckless spirit, the violent inaction, just a bluff?"

"Big!"

It has nothing to do with recovery ability.

However, he was afraid of leaving the world meaninglessly without being able to protect Shirone.

'Protect.'

The moment the strength entered his convulsive hand, Ymir narrowed his eyes.

'This?'

Instead of Lian, it seemed as if a large sword was standing in front of him.

"Yaaaa!"

The great sword, driven by conviction, had already cut off all three of Le's right arms.

"uh'?"

Ymir looked at his shoulder and turned his head again with a dazed expression.

"Sigh. Sigh."

Lian's hand, which had lost its muscles and was left with only bones, was clutching a great sword.

"you... ...

At that moment, Lian kicked off the ground and walked away.

"no."

can't go on like this

'You're a savage. it's a devil You've reached this far, but you're running away? you?'

Do you want to see a giant go mad?

"Come back."

spin.......

Ymir's face wrinkled the moment he realized that he had already disappeared from sight.

"Gaaaaaaaa!"

you said

"Sermon."

Earth Annihilation.

As the golden sword plunged into the ground, the products of civilization turned to dust and settled down.

"Aww! retreat! after??????!" Even someone's cry is buried in the distant clouds that spread out.

Kurrrrr.

Thus, human history came to an end.

Omega, quit.

Cheolgeuk (1)

To live or to live?

-Can humans truly change the future?

Shirone opened her eyes.

What remains in the cut off consciousness is probably only the hallucinations that I desperately hoped for.

'Are you alive?'

My senses returned little by little.

I thought it was a very noisy and tumultuous place, but even the sound was vague.

"Shirone."

The door opened and Nade entered.

"Yes?????

Shirone, who had been opening her mouth, realized that her throat was hoarse and frowned.

How much did you yell?

"You woke up. You have been unconscious for 3 days. Now, drink some water here. Mr. Miro said he had no choice but to watch, but he was also too busy to take care of it. sorry."

Nade had a lot to say.

As I took a sip of the water he gave me, my dry throat felt a little bit moist.

"Yes."

Shirone asked with her still sore throat.

"What about Amy?" There was no answer, and Shirone realized that it was not a dream and closed her eyes again.

"Shirone."

" Nope."

He didn't even know what it was.

However, if I didn't say that, I thought that the anger that had subsided for a while would explode again.

"Where are you?"

Shirone changed the subject.

"Iron Kingdom."

"Iron?"

It was an unexpected area.

"The other day, I, or Anchera, built an altar to open the psychic realm. By giving orders to the Council of Ten Presbyterians. There are over 200 such places."

"... ... By the way?"

"There is a shelter in the basement, just in case. No, it's a bit like an if. Anyway, it's safe here. Don't be nervous and rest."

He was relieved that he had nothing to fight right away, but he was still full of doubts.

"Who? Who made this place?"

"that is??????

He came in through the open door.

"Are you out of your mind?"

It was Fermi.

Shirone, who was lying down and making eye contact with him, finally couldn't stand it and asked first.

"Amy... ...

"I knew."

After catching her breath for a moment, Shirone opened her mouth again.

"Memories... ...

"I erased it."

Again, Fermi interrupted.

"With your consent, of course. You guessed the shock you would receive and the appearance you have now."

It would have been.

"Why?"

But what is clear is that there is no way he would sacrifice Amy under any circumstances.

"Why did you allow it? What the hell did you say to me that you would make a deal?"

Fermi asked after thinking.

"Can you move?"

Shirone nodded, but Nade stopped.

"I am still weak in mind and body. If you get excited already, it could get worse."

"There is no time. you know."

Nade, who had a snowball fight with Fermi, sighed and helped Shirone.

"great. I'll take you."

Shirone couldn't understand the conversation, but he didn't bother arguing now.

It was also true that his stamina had declined.

Liz, who came with Nade, was waiting for her as she left the room with support.

"ah??????

When she made eye contact with Shirone and silently bowed awkwardly, Shirone also bowed her head and passed by.

I read emotions that are difficult to deal with, and most people who passed by them did.

After passing through the passage and entering the plaza, medics roamed among the wounded.

In the midst of the chaotic scenery, Shirone found Lian sitting in the corner.

As Nade guided them, Lian, who had been talking with Tess, raised the corner of her mouth bitterly.

"Howdy."

Shirone's gaze turned to Lian's right arm.

"Oh, this?"

Although it was sloppy, something with a mechanical steel structure was installed.

"It's quite useful. I don't know how, but Mr. Ellis took care of it. He said he was a friend of Teacher Quan."

It didn't matter.

Why did Lian's right arm get to this point, why couldn't it be restored... ... .

In case you were wondering, Tess said.

"Lian brought you. If it wasn't for this, she wouldn't have made it."

I couldn't hide my resentment.

"Lian feels fortunate, that he was able to save you. so... ...

It's fine."

Tess tried to put on a bright smile and smiled.

" ah."

Shirone wanted to say something, but couldn't think of anything to say.

"Go see. There will be many things you want to hear."

I felt the sincerity in the friendly tone, but somehow I felt like a stranger.

After leaving the plaza, a long passage continued again, and rooms were installed on each wall.

"Damn it! How long are you going to stay in this filthy place? Asking me to eat a dish that doesn't even come with an appetizer? is my dog I am Home Secretary!"

Shirone stopped for a moment and looked back.

Of course, he wouldn't have gone out and saved someone in an urgent situation, but his aide would have had a different idea.

"sorry! I'm making a request to the superior right now... ...

"I am the boss! Who in the world is higher than me in this place!"

As Shirone watched with indifferent eyes, an angry sound was heard from the end of the hallway.

"What is so noisy?"

was the top

'Mr. Cyrano.'

Mito Cyrano, head of the International Tribunal for the Temple, and Bebeto Socrates walked side by side.

Upon discovering Shirone, she hesitated for a moment, but then she turned off her nerves and entered the room.

"Be quiet. Don't you know that there are also injured?"

"You! How could you do this to me! don't you know who i am At least I should give you a big room!"

Cyrano burst out laughing.

"Crazy."

"What, what?"

"You are very mistaken, but you are no longer a minister. Because your country is gone. forever." "And I'm not even an aristocrat. Because 99% of humanity is dead. The people left here are the whole world. There are no more policies for you to make and no paperwork to approve."

'99 percent.'

Shirone was terrified.

'I... ... What have you done?' The result was too disastrous to be called the price of losing one's reason and rushing to the Buddha.

The Home Secretary burst into tears.

"Yeah, but... ... . It's too cold. Can you give me just one more blanket? yes?"

Cyrano sighed and turned around.

"Give me one more."

"Yep!"

After the aide's greeting, Socrates asked as she headed toward the square.

"Wouldn't it be better to make exceptions?"

"What do you know? The world is ruined, but whining about how cold it is means that you don't deserve to live. It is better for others to soothe in moderation than to cry all night."

"Hmm, you mean 'someone who can fight' is needed'?"

"Since Yahweh has awakened, this side must also move. The world map station will be decided tonight. Rom, Garto, Temica. The rules remain."

"It sounds easy, but it won't be easy. Even if there are only two people, one will try to dominate the other. Even if the world is ruined, politicians do not let go of their vested interests. It's like seeing it."

"It's fine."

Cyrano didn't care.

"Because now the power is a thug."

Upon arriving at the plaza, the thug she spoke of, the heads of each country's magic associations, were having a meeting.

"Everyone."

Everyone was polite when Cyrano appeared.

"Thank you for taking the difficult step. There is no time. To save the last chance, we must gather all our remaining forces. To do that, we need representation."

Rufist came out.

"I was just talking about it. We have already caught the strands with Tormia."

It was a country with a strong center in the standard of 'a guy who knows how to fight'.

"like. Voting will be held tonight. Everyone, please go back and convince the representatives of each country."

Flu broke in.

"I dare say, will it be all right? If they say no, things get more complicated."

Cyrano's solution was simple.

"Then kill me. All you have to do is create a new king to vote for Tormia."

Flew, convinced, shrugged.

'but?... "

It was also ridiculous to present a counterargument in the yard where he had already sent away the gis.

said the albino.

"The outcome of the vote is not important. The important thing is the fact that you voted. for example... ... It gives the illusion that we are still civilized people."

This was a little bit venomous.

"Albino-san, you're all right."

"Chuck! I'm sorry. I'm old enough to die if I get caught on a rock, but the world ends before me."

"No, I mean it. Currently, the military is lacking a lot. I will ask for a good strategy in the future."

"What am I... ... . I also have a son." Currently, Iruki is the leader of Valkyrie.

We were investigating the military situation in each country. Then Socrates chinned the square

pointed to

"Hey, look over there."

Cyrano hated it.

"eww "

Garold, with his hair loose like a ronin, was walking along, lost in thought.

One of the presidents of the association muttered.

"... ... Mikea Gaold."

I attended a few gatherings when I was president of the association, but I was always treated like a madman.

Of course, it is not different now, but the achievements he made could never be disparaged.

"Move. This is my seat."

Cyrano stood where the intimidated presidents opened the way.

'Oh, that idiot.'

When I was the president of the association, I constantly bumped into it.

'Still, the skills are certain.'

As the state of affairs is the state of affairs, we must shake off the past and maintain good relations.

Gaold stopped in front of Cyrano who blocked the road.

After a long time that made viewers feel awkward, Gaold finally opened his mouth.

"what?"

"??????what?"

"What?"

A good relationship sucks.

When the irritated Cyrano stepped aside, Gaold passed by and headed for the wall.

Rufist asked.

"What are you going to do?"

There was no answer.

"Make sure. I have to decide whether to put you on or take you off."

"Extract."

After a brief exhalation, he suddenly turned around.

"I will tell you only this."

Instant madness flashed in the eyes that had reached the end of philosophy.

"When I fight, never by my side

Mara."

The presidents of the association, who knew the true meaning of the words, swallowed their saliva, and Gaold sat down in a corner.

The look on Flew's face, who had once followed him, was sorrowful.

'I still respect you. summer solstice

only... ...

He seemed so broken that he couldn't do anything anymore.

Meanwhile, Shirone entered the large room, relying on Nade to walk.

The importance of this room seemed to be known from the most neatly decorated appearance with limited goods.

"Shirone."

Seriel stood up first, and Jin Seong-eum, who was lying on the bed, raised her eyelids.

"... ... did you come?"

Shirone was shocked to see her much leaner than when she returned from Hell.

Fermi explained.

"About 200 altars have been built in Iron. King Basak, Shura to be exact, has built 147 shelters under him. We sheltered all the last of humanity there. With etheric waves."

It was a huge task just by imagining it.

"Currently, I cannot go out to the ground. Everything burned down, and the buildings turned to dust. I had to bring the commanders scattered to each shelter together. Jin Seong-eum tried again here. Simple agreements can be communicated through Chong's communication magic, but... ...

"for a moment."

Shirone asked.

"Are you going to fight again?"





"yes."

"Why?"

The eyes of Seriel and Jin Seong-eum became pitiful.

"We are not fighting."

"then?"

"you."

Shirone.

"It's a fight only for you."

It was the only thing Fermi could do for Yahweh who gave everything for the world.

Cheolgeuk (2)

A shabby room in an underground facility.

While Iruki was writing numbers on the now precious piece of paper, Dorothy brought tea.

"drink."

Other survivors couldn't even taste it, but it was actually just boiled common grass.

Uh 99

Iruki, who was soothed by the hot tea energy, sighed and put down the pen.

"This is a serious situation."

"Well. Saying it's serious sounds like a joke."

Literally, humanity is destroyed.

Rather, it should be comfortable inside, but Iruki couldn't let go of his heart.

"Is there any way to contact the ground forces?" Jin Seong-eum evacuated everyone with all his might, but there were those who remained voluntarily.

"You know, the moment you go up, you die. They take it and remain."

Iruki looked down at the documents.

'Those who remained on the ground.'

The information system was collected and mobilized, but it would not be accurate.

However, it was quite a large number, and Iruki quickly picked out the key figures among them.

'Ikael. Ashur. Wizard. Yoojeong Son. Kira. Eden. And... ...

Adrias Miro.

'A confrontation between good and evil. Miro's escape means that evil will win in the end... ...

Iruki asked.

"How is Mr. Gaold?"

"It sounds like you've calmed down a bit now. Of course, no one can touch it."

"Right."

Iruki buried his face in his hands and thought.

'Can I hold on?'

According to the information, the ground was no longer an environment in which living things could live.

The clock is zeroed in a dust storm caused by buildings all over the world collapsing into dust.

Havitz's death field would burn the earth at high speed, and demons would roam around in search of survivors.

"It's not safe here either."

"Even if it's an underground facility, it's underground in reality. If the foil is completely burned, there will be a passage here too."

Iruki nodded.

"A cell burst above all else."

According to Singh, the time when the power of Taegeuk was broken was at most 12 hours.

Dorothy asked.

"Can I stop it? It's the most extreme code you can perform in the outside world."

"I have to stop it."

Iruki stood up from his seat.

"I can't rely on Shirone. For the first time in my life, I am going into battle for myself."

As a friend, I want to do something for you.

"The place we lean on... ...

The door opens.

"Guy Taruman."

Robberansteen and Tyra Lynn were waiting.

Where the survivors gathered in a circle, entertainers held a small concert.

Raina's piano melody and Maya and El Qiana's singing voices harmonized beautifully.

Raido, Cayden, and the other soldiers were able to forget the reality for this moment.

When the performance was over, someone said.

"bravo."

"Mr. Panier."

The once most famous musician in the world was now clapping with people.

El Qiana asked.

"Where have you been? I heard that a famous entertainer came, do you know?"

"Of course you know. Because the guitarist I talked about earlier is that guy. Robberanstin."

Maya took an interest.

"The one who insisted on his music until the end? But why don't you come here? I want to hear it."

"I'm not trying to do music."

"then?"

Panier was troubled.

I heard about it roughly from Fermi, but it was still unbelievable.

'Mado 7 girl.'

As he sat down, the entertainers gathered.

"Artists are sensitive to the word lazy. Actually, people like us, unless we pretend to do something every day, we look no different than unemployed people."

Survivors laughed and listened.

"When I saw him, he would always sit idly by and think, then he would play a few words and then he would think again. A tantrum erupted and he hit it off a little too hard. He wrote a song every day and told me to bring it. He said that if he broke it, he would have no contract and no support."

El Qiana asked.

"So did you write it?"

"of course. It's pretty great too." "I felt good. Because my prediction was right. If you can make that lazy musician diligent, you can succeed. So I took the whip more, more, more. Then one day, he suddenly stopped writing songs. It didn't even appear in front of me. Not disappointed. To be honest... ...

I'm sorry.

"It was a forced march. The moment I entered the studio, hundreds of sheets of sheet music were sprayed on my face and I screamed. Half mad."

Panier looked back at the crowd.

"I am not trying to say that it is okay for an artist to be lazy or that one must be diligent to succeed. What I am saying is that the common sense we have agreed upon can be sadistic enough to scar the soul when applied to an individual."

You should have respected yourself.

"He must have fought alone. Me, the world, and people's eyes. He did what I asked every day to prove he was right. Now that I think about it, why should I? Couldn't we just give a person who loves the guitar the freedom to fail? Couldn't he have left him to protect even his own soul?" Panier confessed.

"And now, the Roberansteen I spoke of is dead. The one who came here now is Kitaru Man, the murderer of the 7 Madou Girls. Even in that unfortunate past, he committed some ridiculous crimes. There is no room for sympathy. but... ...

Did you really have to fight this far?

"I don't think that guy will sympathize with the world that has come to this point... ...

The voice faded.

"That's just a little bit sad."

Shirone asked. "A fight for me?" "yes." Does it mean that he, who has already lost everything, still has something to fight for?

said Fermi.

"When I first mined future information in Apocalypse, I was just thinking of using it. you did a good job After all, Omega ended according to God's results."

Shirone was speechless.

"That is how the world perishes. good so far But in fact we knew the world would end. I protected the future even while controlling the information to you."

"Why?"

It was time to throw back the questions we had in the room.

"Because that can be changed." "I felt out of place. We mined future destruction from Apocalypse. It belongs to someone who does not exist in the present, who must have been born in the future. In other words, all causes must be supported for any result to come out. then... ...

Fermi raised his index finger.

"In the future world of the last apocalypse you went to, who left the records stored in the core?"

"Is that??????

Shirone's eyes blinked.

"yes. god is not God is only the pure result itself. God can't record the past. Because someone recorded the past, there is a future containing that past."

"Who is it?"

Shirone asked.

"Who is the recorder?"

The one who recorded all the events until the end of Omega now exists in this world.

"Freemason."

Fermi turned around.

"let's go. He must be someone you know well." Jin Seong-eum, who had come down from the bed before she knew it, was preparing to cast Ether Wave again.

Seriel said.

"Go. Check Seong-eum's condition well. I will be preparing here."

Seeing her precarious figure, Shirone said.

"Can't we go to the ground? If it's my magic... ...

"no. There is no way. The place we are going to is a completely enclosed space with no exit or entrance."

"No door?"

What I didn't understand at first was, how on earth could they have survived there?

"I will know when I go."

After Fermi's words, Sungyin cast a spell.

As the etheric waves drew a certain space in front of my eyes, a dark wall approached.

"Be careful. It's a facade here, but it's actually a vertical structure."

Nade took the lead.

As he flew to the other side of darkness in an instant, Shirone followed him.

'Suck.'

As he fell with his limbs spread, he saw a small light shining in the distance.

'It's an incredibly deep place.'

Pizza Fermi and Jin Seong-eum, who settled down with fly magic and looked around, approached.

" Come this way."

What I felt as I walked after them was an electromagnetic field stronger than air.

Woo woo woo woo.

As it got closer to the light source, it had a field of view for a radius of about 20 meters.

"long-time... ... only... ... is, poetry... ... Lorne."

"Richard."

The face of Ainka Richard, who was a member of the golden ring in school, was floating in the air.

Shirone cried.

There was nothing below the neck, only wires that were tied up and stretched out in all directions.

"You, how come... ...

Richard adjusted the audio system.

"It's fine. Because it's what I chose. In fact, this face is also a machine. It's just a mental transfer. It's okay to think that the real me is already dead. but... ... Is it strange to say that I am dead now that I am here?"

It felt like a prototype of the outside world.

"Did you record Omega?" The reason why there was no humanity in the last record was because the recorder was also a machine.

"So what. The final version you received will be my data. But this is an old achievement."

Fermi explained.

"Richard's family Ainka runs the second largest alchemy foundation in the world. A foundation founded by the descendants of those who call themselves Freemasons. Their goal is to make mankind exist forever through science [Scientology]."

The sum of the causes was the effect of the outside world.

said Richard.

"Well. Will I one day become a god and create the world for the Illuminati? don't know What is certain is that since you met me, you still have a chance, Shirone."

"What is that... ... ?"

Someone walked in the darkness outside.

The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower, Mirac Minerva, and the 4-star star, Seongnoe, appeared.

"Mr. Minerva."

It was fortunate that she was safe, but she said to Shirone with an apologetic look.

"Isn't it very difficult?"

"Yeah, what... ...

The holy brain, Adam, came as a Gaian welcome.

"Yahweh. Descendant of the Guffin. All of this is my responsibility. Give me a chance to turn back."

Again... ... is it human?

"We can save Amy."

At Minerva's words, Shirone turned her head.

"Yes?"

Richard repeated.

"We can save Amy, Shirone. If you want to fight again, we will make it for you."

While my heart beats fast, my head

was full of negative feelings.

"How is that possible?"

"It goes backwards in history."

said Fermi.

"Use tachyons to create a cause for Amy not to die. I am fighting for you."

"It's a contradiction."

Shirone's thinking sped up.

"Any misunderstanding is just an illusion. If I go back to the past and save Amy, what will happen here now? Will Amy suddenly show up? Will Nade be different from now?"

Not like that.

"The world in which Amy survived must be a different universe from this one. It's just one of the multiverses. Of course, if you give up your heart, you can live there. But if you don't have a heart in the first place, why should it be Amy? This is exactly what God was trying to do to us."

It's enough when you get results.

"It's different from protecting my heart with Ouroboros. This is to change your mind for the sake of the law. I can't. You will never be able to come back here."

"What if you could come back?"

Shirone turned around at Richard's question.

"If you can return to the place where you threw your heart, Shirone, will you fight again?"

"In an infinite universe... ...

In a multi-universe where you can create infinite patterns with just one finger.

"How do you find this place?"

said Richard.

"Iron Pole."

It was the fixed, unchanging coordinates planted in this world by Amitabha Prajna and Veron of the Ten Commandments.

Cheolgeuk (3)

"Veron."

Shirone knows.

The history of how the toad, who gained enlightenment just before being eaten by a snake, took on a human incarnation.

The question he had at the end of his eternal life was... ... .

"Can the future be changed by human will?"

Veron problem.

If you have an iron core of thought, you may be able to find the hometown of your mind in the infinite universe.

"thanks."

Shirone said.

"But I can't. No, it's impossible. Because I am no longer Yahweh."

Tachyon is the reverse concept of hexa.

"yes. Amy died and I lost my fraternity. But now Amy isn't the only one dead. 99% of humanity is gone. My parents too."

The reason I didn't bother to say it was because everyone here had lost someone they loved.

"If it were the same universe, that is, if the space were the same, I would be able to meet the Amy I love. But even that doesn't change anything. I can't come here." said Adam.

"Because the time zone is different."

"Yes. From the moment you save Amy, the universe will separate again and go to another world. If so, the result of the destruction of mankind in this time and space will not change. That means I can't have fraternity either, and as a result... ...

Shirone said grimly.

"Because it is not Yahweh, it is impossible to reverse causality in the first place."

Silence passed.

"You guys are misunderstanding something. The multiverse is a phase coordinate with infinite time in infinite space. I, who make countless choices in the same time period, live in a different universe, and in the same space, there are countless me who are connected from the past to the future. Baron's iron pole only solves the space problem. Even if I go back to the past and save Amy, it won't change the present."

The talking Shirone must have been hurt the most, but surprisingly, the party didn't look serious.

Nade smiled as Shirone blinked.

"Of course I knew you would say that. Could it be that we didn't even think of the time paradox? I know at least that going back to the past won't change the future of the same universe."

"??????what?"

said Fermi.

"First, fix the spatial coordinates with iron poles."

Shirone's head turned slowly.

"Then the remaining problem is the many time zones in the same space. If the future cannot be changed by the past, then the past and the future can all be merged into the present."

"Wait a minute, how... ... Shirone stopped talking.

" ah."

"yes. time width."

said Fermi.

"From the time you saved Amy to our current time, it blows up all the time barriers in between. Then you and we are just one present that exists in the same time zone, not the past and the future."

The time paradox is resolved.

"But... ...

Shirone's words became urgent.

"The time width was integrated into the 11th sense? No, no matter how hard I try, I can't escape the divine law without Tachion. I mean, you can't handle both at the same time."

"Depreciation Transaction Agreement." Fermi held out a piece of paper.

"The reason I like this ability is that I can adjust the terms of the contract. This is sometimes far more important than which spell to lease, or removing a door. Anyway, your signature to hand over Time Vibration is written very accurately. You can check it." It was not in Shirone's memory.

"The trade of depreciation can only rent magic with the proceeds from the ability. I thought I was dying to match the amount. I'll leave it to your imagination what the transaction cost was."

I couldn't hear the joke.

"Anyway, you can exchange them for chips at any time. More precisely, I can bring you back to the present."

"Fermi... ...

"At first it was a hypothesis." The warm atmosphere was disgusting.

"Actually, I didn't even think you would be persuaded by me. Because it was all about the concept of how to deceive God, without a specific plan like now. Amy really could have died. She is in an irreversible state."

"But why?"

Did you accept the deal?

"They said they would trust me. You are." "Honestly, I didn't expect you to say such a thing. Even after struggling with you for days, I couldn't find a solution. I don't know if it was that desperate or if it really made me feel high, but... ...

Fermi laughed bitterly.

"It was burdensome and my blood dried up/ I ended up doing a business that was losing money for the first time in my life.

"you... ...

Sensing Shirone's voice trembled, Fermi clapped his hands to change the mood.

"Okay, so now it's my turn to answer. If you save Amy in the same space, I will pull you into the same time. Then what will happen?"

Fermi, who made a snap with his hand, copied what Shirone had said earlier.

"It's like Amy pops up."

It's a reality.

"Huh...

A cry leaked out.

"Then you will be Yahweh again, and you will see a civilization cast into dust magically rise. The 99% of human beings who were sacrificed will also survive in our reality by riding the rapid flow of time waves. How is it, is this enough?"

The most picky customer in the world.

"really... ...

Tears poured out of Shirone's eyes.

"Can you save Amy? I... ... Amy... ... Can we really meet again?"

Nade smiled.

"You are changing the future, Shirone. Let's give God a shot at making fun of us."

Light emanated from Shirone's body for a moment as she lowered her head and giggled.

Hexa-Miracle Stream.

When she raised her head again, there was no sense of defeat in Shirone's eyes.

"I will. I will definitely save Amy."

A fight only for yourself.

But in the end, Fermi was right because Syrone's victory would save all of humanity.

Nade smiled bitterly.

'How far are you looking?' When I think of her school days, she is still unlucky, but she understands Seriel's feelings.

'But I really had no idea, that the two of them were like that. I'll have to ask Amy later.'

said Fermi.

"Then shall we begin the briefing now?"

Iruki sipped his tea, looking at Ranstin and Rin sitting across the table.

'Surprisingly, he's not arrogant.'

Rather, he was just looking down in a slightly intimidated posture.

'indifference.'

I'll lose any fight, so please don't interfere in my life.

'It won't be easy.'

The artist Iruki saw was like a stranger living in the same building.

I decided to start from there, where I thought I knew about him, but in fact I didn't know anything.

"I heard you said goodbye to your daughter a long time ago."

live.

An aura equal to that of Gaold swirled around, but he succeeded in opening the door anyway.

"It was a cold."

Lanston was the first to speak.

"It is a trivial disease. I was a little sick at first. Well, it must be because of me. Everything bad is because of me."

"Couldn't you go to the hospital?"

"... ... Were you in the studio? He was probably playing the guitar. I like to play the guitar."

He set a thorn in his last words.

It was as if he was desperately protesting that he would not be broken by anyone.

'Do you really not remember?'

Reportedly, he was beaten up by a moneylender while trying to borrow money.

"I won't."

Ranstin continued.

"I should say thank you for saving my life. But it doesn't matter. I don't do anything."

"Mr. Ranstin."

"I am not a hitman. He kills people, but never gets paid. I don't know. I don't want to think. Please let me go back."

"I'm not asking you to kill people."

Lin raised her head.

I thought that what the head of humanity would say would be to kill someone anyway.

"It is much more difficult than that. Only you can do it. If we don't make it, we all die."

Ranstin didn't seem to be in a bad mood.

I didn't know if it was because everyone would die, or if it was because I was the only one who could do it.

"Can I play the guitar?"

"Inquire about Mr. Ranstin's abilities. It changes the biowave and leads to death. He knows that the greater the number, the greater its power."

"therefore?"

"In the next 8 hours, a catastrophe called Cellbuster will occur in the Arctic. It is a species called anti-cell that binds to humans and reduces cells until they become zero."

Rin opened her eyes wide.

"Wow."

Iruki said.

' 'Please put off that calamity for seven days.'"

"grace?"

Isn't that crushing?

"You won't be able to stop it through private affairs. This is an unsolvable code. If you kill one, it becomes two, and if you destroy two, it multiplies into four again."

like that... ... 7 days.

"Are you calling me to die?"

"This is humanity's last chance. The lifeline of this planet is in your hands."

"It doesn't matter."

Ranstin continued.

"It's important to be the last guitarist. It doesn't matter if the world perishes or not."

"Not necessarily. If you save all of humanity, your daughter will rejoice

Wouldn't it?"

a huh 99

The first laugh was like a mockery, so Iruki didn't say anything more.

'I don't know.'

After all, it was a strange neighbor.

said Fermi.

"Even if it solves the time paradox, it is rather tricky because of that. Events that happened in the past will affect the future. If you touch a case other than Amy, everything in the present might change."

"It's a bit tricky."

I don't have the right to be dissatisfied, but it was me and you who were fighting over cause and effect.

"History must be preserved. There are three things you need to do to solve this problem. First, a blueprint for the entire history of mankind. Second, the ability to compute that history. Third, an attendant to carry through the calculated history."

It wasn't that difficult.

"And."

said Fermi.

"We have all three of these."

Shirone was listening.

"First, a blueprint for the entire history of mankind. Uorin has this. Second, the ability to compute that history. This is made possible by the combination of Richard and the Holy Brain. And third, the 12 apostles will be in charge of maintaining the existing history as it is regardless of your actions."

"Messiah."

The 12 apostles came out of the darkness.

"you... ... Shirone asked.

"What have you been hiding there all this time?"

The As-Skiker has arrived.

"The Messiah we serve is Yahweh of the age. He has no reason to speak to someone who has lost his status." As Shirone's eyes narrowed in sorrow, the Astriker looked back at his comrades as if embarrassed.

"Nong, that's a joke."

Poine the Poison Dragon said.

"Anyway, congratulations on getting back on track. Fight to your heart's content. We will keep history."

'Yes, these are... ...

apostle of time.

Those who perfectly protected the history of mankind against Ankera's three resets

was

Cheolgeuk (4)

said Richard.

"Here's how. I, the final recorder, transmits Apocalypse's information to Kara Torsa, the martial arts dragon. Kara Torsa will share information with the 12 apostles, and actually carry out the history provided by Uorin and calculated by Adam." "Yes, it will be very precise work. On the other hand you are free. Whatever you do, save Amy. If it fails, try again using the coordinates of the iron pole. eternally."

said Fermi.

"You will come into contact with our past, but you will have to go back in time yourself."

Shirone cannot be in the present.

"It is because the time and space you are moving into is the time and space we are trying to protect. In this way, you and Cheolgeuk interact with each other to prevent falling into another universe.

is."

said Nade.

"The iron pole is on the ground where we are. We will defend under Shura's leadership. And at the center of that iron play, Wurin will provide a new history every time you return. With future poetry and history search."

Shirone's expression became serious.

"That means there are limits."

said Richard.

"Cheolgeuk is a concept, but Woorin is a living being. Durability doesn't last forever. The more you repeat the regression, the more exposed you are to the time waves. Since he is basically a Gaian, he will last much longer than a human, but the opportunities are not infinite."

"Uorin... ...

"Remember, Shirone. This is your fight, but the outcome of that fight will determine the fate of mankind. If you save Amy, we all live, and if you don't save Amy, we all disappear."

said Adam.

"She is the woman who has the biggest stake in this situation. She has something to blame for her too. However, she is not completely convinced. I would positively consider it, but he said he wanted to talk to you first."

The one who split Ultima.

"I will meet you."

In the end, we have no choice but to meet.

Perhaps Uorin had vaguely anticipated this situation.

said Fermi.

"Then go up again. All preparations should be finished within today. There is no time."

Minerva approached while Jin Seong-eum cast an etheric wave and set the coordinates.

"Shirone, do you remember the promise we made earlier?"

"If it's a promise... ...

"I won when I raced to North Eymond. Let the loser grant the wish."

"ah."

"My wish, I will tell you now."

She didn't know why it was now, but Shirone nodded.

"Don't save me."

"Yes?"

"In the history of the 12 apostles, you will do your best to save Amy. But also, no one in this time and space would want anything wrong."

It was true.

"But you can use my history however you like. Salvation doesn't suit me." A rare great witch who caused great disasters around the world with Slaughter the Law and The Walking Dead.

Did he think that he could not atone for his sins by struggling with the five great stars of the ivory tower?

'or not... ... Is it because no life can wash away the trauma of childhood?

"I know."

Shirone agreed.

"When the moment of choice comes, I will make a decision."

Minerva knew that she was never a person who would give up on others, but... ... .

"thanks."

It was enough for her.

Just before leaving the space of the recorder, the perfect closed room, Shirone turned around and said.

"Richard, I will beat God." Maybe Richard could one day become a god, but he smiled.

"Hey, don't I look great?"

"haha."

humans lived

Shirone sincerely believed that humans were the ones who lived in this world.

As Jin Seong-eum pulled the space, Seriel on the other side of the boundary asked anxiously.

"It's fine?"

Everyone crosses the space, and Jin Seong-eum sits on the bed with her support.

"You'll be fine if you rest a little."

Shirone nodded and said.

"Then, while Seongeum is taking a break, I will meet Urin. Where are you now?" said Adam.

"I will take you."

"I will go alone. I think that would be good."

Realizing from Shirone's words, Adam explained the location of Uorin's residence.

Cirone, who followed what he had heard, arrived at the gate of the isolated area.

"Uorin."

When there was no answer, he opened the door himself, and Uorin, whose calf was bandaged, smiled.

"Here you are, Shirone."

Her expression as she limped while being supported by Kido was so bright.

"I was waiting. I have something to tell you... ...

match! and her cheek turned.

Kido's eyes widened, and Uorin didn't move as if he had been slapped on the cheek.

Shirone also knows.

I tried to keep my cool, but I lost my temper the moment I saw her smiling face.

It was the reason I wanted to avoid Uorin.

"haha."

she laughed heartily.

"Yeah, well, I did something wrong. So can I just finish with this? Now... ...

At that moment, tears flowed down Shirone's cheeks.

"??????Why'?"

Did you ruin everything?

As if hearing those words, Wu Lin was sad, but she tried to put on a cheerful attitude.

"Whoa, do you think I hate myself? But what to do? Everything is in my hands now."

I didn't want to end the event prepared just for this moment with sad feelings.

"Do you need me? Of course I have a doctor who can help me. My condition is that you love me... ...

"I will."

Woorin's mouth was closed.

"I will do anything. I will do everything you ask... ...

Shirone begged.

"Save Amy. It's okay if you're not with me. I'll do anything you want... ...

This time, even Uorin couldn't stand it and her eyebrows curled upward.

I struggled to hold back the cry that was about to burst out.

"Tell me you love me."

"I love you."

It was a heart that could not be filled.

"Tell me you will be by my side forever! Say you love me, Uorin, not Amy!"

"I will be by your side for the rest of my life."

Uorin gritted his teeth.

'I won.'

Not wanting to show her tears, she turned around and struggled to raise the corner of her mouth.

'Shirone is mine. Say you love me.'

She said.

"okay."

It could have been much harsher than now, but she didn't want it any more.

"I'll do it. Go get Amy."

It was then that Kido realized.

Uorin, Lilith, and Mitochondrial Eve said that I really loved Shirone.

'That's love.'

From the beginning of mankind until now, a woman who has been waiting for this moment... ... .

'true love.'

Wu Lin said.

"Go now. It's all over. save humanity I don't even have the right to say that."

As Shirone approached, she hurriedly turned away.

"go."

As if it hadn't even started... ... Don't even think it's over.

"Go! go!"

Even comforting her could be harsh, so Shirone left the room gloomily.

I didn't think it was Eve's atonement.

He only kept the pure kindness of the woman who loved him deep in his heart.

The door closed, and Uorin wept bitterly, pouring out all the tears she had been holding back.

Kido has arrived.

"Hey, are you okay?"

"hug me."

Wu Lin sobbed and said.

"I'm going crazy because I'm lonely. It feels like there's a hole in my chest. Kido, please."

Kido couldn't do anything.

Sing urgently approached Shirone, who returned to the plaza after meeting Urin.

"Here you are. Come this way."

Upon entering the resistance command room, Cyrano and other executives were gathered.

Lethe, the manager of the underworld, is looking at the world map, and next to her... ... .

"Taesung."

There was also a manager of the planet.

"Shirone."

Unlike the time when she stabbed her heart and spat out cold words, she seemed frightened.

"then... ... me too... ...

It wasn't that I lacked courage, I really didn't know what to say.

"thanks."

But Shirone knew.

"For taking the side of humanity. It doesn't matter if it's an error or a heart. Because we fight together."

If it wasn't for her decision, humanity wouldn't even have one last chance.

Shirone turned to Thing.

" It's fine?"

If it was betrayal, she wouldn't be able to handle it either.

"I don't think my questions have been answered. You persuaded me, so I just trust you."

Lethe said.

"Let's stop the rubbish later and get to the main point. Yahweh, have you met the Omega recorder?"

Shirone nodded.

"Then it should be easy to explain. I will advance the departure schedule. Parkji is disappearing faster than expected."

It was Satan's will.

"Me and Taesung endured as much as possible, but it is not enough. After 6 hours, demons will infiltrate. And then... ... It will be the last war of mankind."

"When do I leave?"

"the faster, the better. Currently, mankind is about to vote on the world leader. Yahweh must leave before then. Please finish the preparations within the next hour."

'1 hours.'

It was a trip only for myself, alone.

Kido stood there blankly.

"What are you doing?"

Even when Uorin sat on the floor asked, he thought it couldn't be like this.

"Uorin, this is desperation."

"it's not like that."

Everything for Shirone.

"You have to deal with the time wave every time you go back and forth between iron poles. Two are better than one."

taste of memory.

If Kido ate Uorin's blood, the station's durability doubled.

"Then, just give me some blood."

Wu Lin shook her head.

"Kido, you will die with me. And now I've done it all So... ... It's fine."

"It's not okay!"

Kido was angry.

Even if she couldn't love, the Kashan empress had to always be a noble woman.

"I mean, I am a monster."

She gave a slightly surprised expression, then smiled.

" me too??????

no.

"I am a monster too."

Kidou closed his eyes tightly.

I know the truth, but I never wanted to hear it.

"Huh."

Kido approached with tears in his eyes and propped up Uo Rin's back and laid him on the floor.

'Vanishing.'

It was the only consideration a goblin could do.

"I love you, Uorin."

Although she would never be able to perceive it, Uorin closed her eyes as if she had sensed something.

"Sigh??????

An excited moan.

And Kido bit Uorin's neck with the kindest violence.

taste of memory.

space.

The planet was in a state of burning black.

There is not even a trace of the sea, only net-like lava flows over the black land.

"Huh."

Harvits inhaled.

As the embers revived in the body like a dead body, the planet's lava burned hot.

"Sigh."

When he exhaled, the light also weakened.

In the inhalation and exhalation of death, even the demons trembled in fear.

"???????? Hmm."

As the molten iron exploded on the rapidly heated ground, the demons crouched down.

"Heheuk!"

When touched by Satan's fire, they too became charcoal.

"Wizard."

Harvey's face contorted.

"Where are you?"

The entire planet turned into a death field, but her location was not captured.

'Hidden somewhere I don't know.'

already burned to death

The planet began to sizzle as the Havitz, who was unpleasant to either side, sucked in the air.

"Wizard!"

And at this moment, the victory of evil was officially confirmed at the Terra Force Supreme Court.

Cheolgeuk (5)

Terraforce Supreme Court.

The Supreme Court justices had already left, but the judges who did not give up their will remained.

"You are too hasty! The battle between good and evil is not over! Aren't there any polar lines left?"

The reason Terraforce quickly confirmed the victory of evil was because of the fate of the universe.

"If you procrastinate here, the universe really closes! Judge, do you want that?"

"It didn't happen. The judge of the universe must think only of the present."

"Look at the present. What is left of humanity? No user can live on this land. Civilization has disappeared, resources and creatures have gone extinct!"

only pain

"denial! Formally appeal!"

"There is no time for that! Each attendant carry out the Supreme Court's final verdict! Those who disobey are redemption!"

The door of the courthouse opened, and those equipped with plasma swords in both hands rushed in.

"Judge! It must be like this!" Appealing the Supreme Court's ruling was an unusual situation even in the history of Terraforce.

"... ... Couldn't it be helped?"

Even if it had a standard that transcended human beings, it did not reach the 11th sense.

"It follows the great principles of Terraforce established by the creator. We are trying to strike a balance."

They are also God's creatures.

In silence, the attendants

They surrounded the opposition judges in a circle.

"Restriction."

Prison of Balance.

They all disappeared into a space that contained anything that was out of balance with the universe.

A scorching dust storm blew over the charred land.

"Whoa. Whoa."

A woman walked through the grayish curtain and covered her nose and mouth with a cloth.

It was Maze, the guardian of the last line.

"Help me!"

When she stopped at the sound of the wind, a girl came running.

'Survivor.'

Although 99% of all mankind died, there would still be those who remained on earth.

Of course, it wouldn't be long.

"Hehehe! Catch it!"

A demonic wagon led by skeletal horses was hunting the girl.

I could have killed it already, but it seemed like I was playing with the few toys.

"Thousands Arms Guanyin."

As the incarnation of the maze soared high, the demons in the wagon looked up.

"uh?"

The incarnation of Kannon was looking down at the ground in the gray curtain that swayed like a curtain.

"Lightning."

Woo woo woo!

As the burial fell vertically, the demons were crushed to the ground at the same time as the wagon.

The girl groaned with dry lips.

"iced coffee."

"Are you okay?"

Whether the opponent in front of me was an enemy, an ally, a dream or a living being, there was only one thing to say.

"water. Water, please... ...

Miro delivered the water with magic.

When the sun was gone, the focus returned to the girl's eyes and she began to cry bitterly.

"Aww! Aww!"

There was no need to ask what had happened.

"It's luck. Do you know where the demons are gathered? Any other survivors besides you?"

"do not have. I don't even know where I'm from. I was about to die... ... so scary... ...

At that time, the wind of the storm completely changed and Terra Force's ships appeared in the gray sky.

"What is it again?"

"It's polar."

I turned my head at the voice I heard close by, but only a transparent shape shimmered.

"Are you the Supreme Court?"

When the stealth was released and the appearance of an alien creature appeared, the girl was startled.

"Hey!"

Miro asked.

"what's the matter?"

"The decision of the Supreme Court has been made. From this time on, mankind has been determined to have been defeated by evil in the battle between good and evil."

Looking at the current situation, I can understand it, but there were also unfair points.

"You mean? You are the Supreme Court judge."

"I make the sentence, but the judgment follows the three principles of the Terra Force race. It was unavoidable."

"You couldn't stop it?"

"I could have taken the time. But I thought this was better than fighting there."

If they had fought in the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court Justices would also have been imprisoned in the prison of balance.

"Quick judgment is good, but for what?"

"Right now, survivors are trying to turn things around. And this is my personal opinion... ...

After thinking for a moment, the judge spat out.

"It makes sense." "Of course, the odds are not high. On the contrary, if we fail, we cannot prevent the annihilation of the universe. In other words, human failure leads to the extinction of the Terraforce race."

"And you still want to bet on us?"

"Ultima."

The judge nodded.

"Terraforce is superior to humanity, but has not reached Ultima. Maybe he saw the reason. It seems that Ultima is not made only by intellect."

Miro savored the words.

"What can I do?"

"Hold on."

There was no time for a long talk.

"Poor good, you cannot defeat evil alone. Good and evil, ball and child, separated from one thing. The moment one side overwhelms, humanity loses its direction."

"Then how do you win?"

"Winning is also the methodology of evil. When everything between good and evil interlocks, humanity will make the final choice. We have to endure until then." Terra Force's ship approached from afar.

"You must not forget that you are polar. The moment you fail to keep your position, the balance will tip sharply. The child will lose strength, evil will arise, and gong will win."

Terra Force's attendant approached while releasing stealth.

"Let's go."

"... ... keep in mind Good is what prevents evil, not what hates evil.

O"

They disappeared and sirens rang out in the sky.

The girl gaped and opened her mouth.

"... ... Oh my gosh."

Plasma flashes were intercepting the ground.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

Terra Force's attack on the planet was transmitted to the survivors underground.

Even in the room where the residents of the Ivory Tower were gathered, I could feel the vibration of my heart.

"You are impatient."

'Card players' were sitting around a round table and trading hands.

"It must be to end the war before the world closes. not bad. The demons will also disappear."

"But doesn't that mean that Terraforce is also predicting the ball's victory?"

Silence passed.

"Victory. Is that possible? Good and evil, everyone is a pole, so there is no higher hand."

Like the four patterns of aces.

"Hmm, this is a maid problem. Good and evil can choose Gong and Ae, and Gong and Mourning can choose between Good and Evil. Depending on the combination, the meaning is completely different."

"Yes!"

Gudio hit the table.

"The winner of this game is not Good and Evil. They only make tiles, and there is someone else who chooses."

"... ... Not four people."

"yes. It was a five-player game from the beginning. What combination will remain. that's the heart So, the last thing we need is... ... A human player.

Mais grabbed her head.

"damn! I should have noticed then, when Mr. Minerva bet all her fortune. that's not a variable It was such a game in the first place. We were the ones who didn't know the rules."

Of course, Minerva did it unknowingly, but that's why this game was established.

thud! said Ness, inserting the dagger into the very center of the table as if planting an iron pole.

"One more! Anybody quick!"

"Can I get in?"

Even those who are mad at gambling are in the ivory tower

As the 3-star Rampa approached, his expression changed.

"Ah, Mr. Lampa."

"I sold my ability, and all I have left is money, but I think I'm the perfect fit."

"Sit down."

Gudio explained the rules.

"We will assemble our respective hands. You just have to bet on who will win."

"haha."

Lampa laughed.

"That's a very interesting game."

Shura has arrived.

"Let's do it."

Nodding her head, Shirone followed her up the stairs to the ground.

"ah."

Amy's older brother Diane and younger Ares were waiting for Shirone.

"hello."

I don't know about Ares, but it was the first time I'd seen Diane at Amy's house.

"Yeah, it's been a while."

Shirone said with a firm expression.

"sorry. I couldn't keep This time, Amy must be... ...

"Don't overdo it."

"Yes?"

"I don't know. time or space. but i'm not sure about this You are not going to get your lost item back. I am going to meet someone who is alive."

"My sister just fought her own fight. So what's the outcome, said Diane, lowering her head.

"I hope you respect Amy's thoughts and choices."

Shirone thought.

' Also??????

It was the Karmis family.

"Yes. I will fight with all my might."

Dai An's words in the face of a journey that risked his entire life surprisingly relieved tension.

Ares winked and gave a thumbs up, and Shirone finally reached the ground.

The first time I came out after regaining consciousness was much more intense than I had imagined.

No, there was nothing.

" Come this way."

A man with a horn on his forehead was guarding the altar that Nane had destroyed.

"Huama."

4th in the Order of the Ten Commandments, Huama (Kumkang Yacha).

He had been waiting for this day, guarding the altar ever since Veron passed away.

"Shura, you are late."

"How is the situation?"

"not good. I can hear the cries of demons, and there are strange flying objects floating in the sky."

He glared fiercely at Yahweh's face, and turned to the entrance with a chin gesture.

"come in."

Uorin and Kido had already arrived.

"Kiddo."

Knowing what it meant to be together made Shirone even more sad.

Shura explained.

"All within the radius of the altar are iron poles, but I chose this place to block foreign powers. Yahweh, we will protect Uorin and Kido while you repeat the past."

It was their ability.

"Anyway, this place can't last long because of the Earth Annihilation Wave. The resistance will defend it to the end, but... ...

It didn't mean I wasn't comfortable.

"okay."

Shirone went to Kido.

"Sorry. You always get help. I feel like I can..."

"it's not like that."

Kido shook his head.

"It is really happy to have something in life that you want to dedicate your whole life to. right?"

There were times when it was all about feeding and breeding.

"I got a lot."

Even if it's an endless thirst.

"thanks."

I have lived a wonderful life.

"key... ...

Feeling like she was about to burst into tears, Shirone stopped talking and hugged the little goblin.

Kido laughed and said.

"Are we friends?"

Shirone nodded, and Kido, who had pushed Shirone away, opened the way.

Woorin was waiting.

"Bye."

His eyes were a little empty, but instead of the venom of the past, there was a youthful kindness.

"Uh."

I owed a lot, I thought.

'Interaction.'

After all, humans are weak beings who have no choice but to live by relying on each other.

"I will be back."

But I won't depend on God.

'Tachion.'

Shirone also gave her all to plant an idea in this universe.

'It must be changed.'

the future.

Consciousness released into imaginary particles transcended time and space and disappeared into the realm of infinite nothingness.

kakaopage





final chapter (1)


infinite space.

'Everything is an illusion.'

However, a phenomenon that cannot simply be called an illusion because the mind is directed toward it.

'This is my beginning.'

The first illusion that Shirone chose was the moment when iron poles were planted in this world.

You probably don't have to check, but I wanted to make sure I was on my long journey.

Earth Temple of the Ivory Tower.

When he opened his eyes, what he saw beneath his feet was his beautiful blue planet.

'And... ...

Veron, who had just planted an iron pole, was receiving Nane's sermon from the ground.

Nane's sword became infinitely huge, and left a single wound on the earth as if it were razing the planet.

Taeseong asked.

"How is it? I know it because I've dealt with it myself. If it were Shirone, would it be possible to stop the current sermon?"

Her words were proof.

'I'm back.'

Taeseong frowned.

"... ... Shirone?"

Rather than not having an answer, the problem was the look in Shirone's eyes that seemed to know everything.

"Taesung."

"Ah, I... ...

As if a system crash had occurred, she looked as perplexed as ever.

'If I tell the truth, history will change.' Of course, the trio of the 12 apostles, Uorin, and Richard will stick to the existing history.

"I'll be back."

It was meaningless anyway.

His body was released by the light of the Miracle Stream, and he arrived at the earthly altar in an instant.

Veron, who was about to die, said to Shura.

"Go to Hexa. Don't make the meaning I left behind in this world meaningless."

"No! You know how much I hate that kid! What about the Ten Commandments?"

In a slightly twisted history, Shirone could hear their conversation for the first time.

'Did I know?'

Eventually, Shura came to him, and the iron pole he left behind became humanity's only hope.

Shirone looked up at the sky.

'me : yes.'

The moment I saw his face contemplating the world indifferently, the fire boiled inside again.

'If you subdue the Buddha... ...

An unhappy future does not come.

Raising the ability of the mind to the limit, Shirone quickly headed towards Nane.

'Hand of God.'

Even at that time, they clashed over the truth of the universe, but looking back, how immature they were.

'It's not like that. Truth is... ... It was the heart of all mankind and the pain equivalent to it, which cannot be defined by simple logic.

"me : yes!"

Nane's eyes widened as the Photon Cannon was born on the palm of the giant light.

"That... ...

What kind of realization is this?

However, the surprise was short-lived, and Nane's body shuddered and her eyes went blank.

"Shirone."

Slightly angry tone.

Nane held out her palm toward the photon cannon that pierced the atmosphere at tremendous speed.

Daeil Yeolae.

The Buddha's realm, equivalent to Yahweh, made Nane's body as bright as the sun.

pop

The Photon Cannon was destroyed in vain, and Nane asked with a sad expression.

"Yahweh, are you really unable to give up?"

'Tachion.'

I also reached this point by transcending time and space with an imaginary signal.

'As expected, it's not easy.'

Shirone said.

"You really give up. I have to go this far, to be considerate of mankind's earnestness."

"If that heart wakes up, is it just an illusion?"

Nane's arms moved.

"If you can't get rid of the passions, you have no choice but to endlessly repeat the reincarnation of the Sabah world."

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

The incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai, rising above the horizon, began to put his palms together as if to contain the world.

Painful memories came to mind.

'no.'

" tree."

Even the chant Nane recited made my mind dizzy like a trauma.

" Customs??????

Shirone turns around.

"Amy!"

The two palms of Dainichi Nyorai gently covered the world and touched completely.

"Mumum."

One life was lost.

I didn't see it with my own eyes, but it was vivid in my head as if I had seen it.

"??????uh'?"

Nane's face was seen in the eyes of Shirone, who turned her head stiffly.

"Do not ignore the truth, Yahweh."

"???????? uh uh?"

The next moment, Shirone, imbued with tremendous life force, was shot at Nane like an arrow.

"Naneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

And.

"Sermon."

The world flared up, and Shirone's consciousness was cut off.

"Huh!"

In the realm of infinite infinity where nothing exists, Shirone opened her eyes to consciousness.

'mistaken.'

It felt like my heart was being torn apart.

'I'm sorry, Amy.'

Thus, the first journey ended without ever meeting the person he loved.

'But now I know.'

The moment Shirone tries to change Nane's life, Nane is also tracking her.

'There must be a way. As long as Amy is alive, she can fight with Yahweh. If only I defeat you... ...

Things will be easier than you think.

"Goes."

After the second illusion, the universe began to be born again in the realm of infinite infinity.

As long as there was an iron pole, there was no fear of getting lost.

Uorin's brow furrowed.

"Huh!"

Shirone's tachyon was exposed to the time wave while acting on the iron pole.

"Has the first round already ended?"

Kido's expression wasn't good either.

Getting hit by a wave faster than normal time felt like life itself was being consumed.

"How fast is it?"

Uorin shook her head.

"I don't know. There is no fixed value because it is in the form of vibration, but about 8 hours have passed per second."

It was a huge speed.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

As she raised her head to the vibrations coming from outside, Huama looked towards the entrance.

A crowd of demons could be seen in the distance.

"It's a start."

The victors in the war between good and evil were coming to claim the last spoils.

"The counting begins."

At the point when the end of mankind entered the countdown, the world leader's vote ended quickly.

It would take about 10 minutes to count the votes, but in fact, the results were already known.

Armin was lost in thought as Rampa and the card players turned their hands.

'Shina.'

He was not included in the list of survivors, as he had not been identified before.

'Please stay alive.'

Keira approached Armin holding hands.

"drink."

Armin, who was handed the car, smiled.

"thanks."

"You don't have to pretend to be calm. Anyway, you should know that you love your brother." Armin spoke again.

"thanks."

Keira burst out laughing and asked Armin while looking up at the ceiling.

"What are you going to do when the war is over?"

It was a word that didn't fit the situation, but maybe it would be okay to think like that.

"I will draw a picture."

"haha! You mean that from the espionage days? Well, it was quite usable. but are you okay? A wizard would be better to feed me."

"There are things I want to put on the canvas."

" What'?"

"I don't know either."

"What?"

"I can't decide yet. I'll wait. The scene, the moment, the situation that I want to show to all mankind. I am waiting for you to draw it."

"I see."

A smile formed on Keira's lips.

"It's you."

The door is open.

"The counting is over. Cyrano, who stood on the podium of the World Map Bureau, made the announcement.

"With this, all kingdoms will wage a final stand centered on Tormia. I list Pony, the king of Tormia, as the leader of the world map."

The plaza was filled with applause.

There was no disagreement as it would be the harshest position even for the king of the world.

The Vatican of Lamie religion, which competed with Yahweh, had no choice but to confront the truth of Melkidu.

"Then I will listen to the ballot."

Cyrano stepped aside and Pony stepped onto the podium.

"I am... ...

She paused for a long time and looked at the people.

'I am the leader of the world.'

Even if only responsibility was left, no, rather, I was satisfied with it.

'It's a dream come true.'

So, let's say what we want to say.

"As the King of Tormia, I always tried to be humble towards other countries."

The hall was quiet.

"It's not because Tormia is weak or other countries are strong. It is because behind me were the people whom I loved and respected so much, their lives and lives.

all."

if it is a responsibility.

"And now, in a position of responsibility for all of humanity, I will again be most humble. The authority in my hands is not given by God, but by you."

Pony spread her palms.

"If someone can die to end this war, I will gladly give my life!"

As she clenched her fists and shouted, a loud roar erupted.

"let's fight! let's fight!"

Their morale was high, and they were determined to never lose in their own eyes.

'It's approaching.'

to Ultima.

And at this moment, only one person kept his mouth shut with a bitter expression.

It was Zetaro, the last survivor of Gustav's 4th skill.

said Quan.

"It is not a matter of eternal life."

To be precise, it was the crown that boarded his body.

"In the final destination of reincarnation, death has no special meaning. Then why do I live?"

Shiina was listening.

"It is a question of existence. How far can you go? If we stay too long, and if there is nothing new there, we too will collapse."

It was the providence of the universe.

"Missing Link. oblivion is necessary The Illuminati are fighting nothing. Because if there is nothing in the first place, it just becomes nothing."

Shiina didn't know.

"What happened to Mr. Quan? You promised. He said he would fix the broken part."

said Crown, limping.

"It's really uncomfortable, this body. How did you fight? Could it be that I was scammed?"

"Don't talk back!"

Crown laughed.

"I restored the severed nerves with mine. But the mind is not something I can touch, right?"

"lie! You are the cheater! If it's blocking Quan from coming out... ...

"Well, there is no way to prove it. But it's true. Honestly, I want to hear the manual too. How the hell do you manipulate this? I can't fight like this."

"Who the hell... ... !"

Just as Shiina was about to argue, a roar erupted from the sky.

"Hmm."

Twelve dragons attacked Terra Force's ships intercepting the ground.

"It started."

Balls and children are not important to the Illuminati.

I just want to find something in the error of this world that occurred with miraculous probability.

'A world that rejects oblivion.'

Maybe the outside world has reached this stage too easily?

'It's a way to go beyond infinity.'

The moment Shiina stopped, Terra Force fighters appeared from all sides.

"Humanity, the judgment is over. We will judge you according to the will of God."

"Try to do something. You made God, so you can convince them too."

Crown shrugged.

"But I am not a god. The thing about God, that computes the multiverse... ...

The combatants rushed.

"Remove it!"

"Kuk!"

Shiina cast freezing magic, but the strangeness of alien technology surpassed magic.

"Terraforce is strong."

"you!"

The moment Shiina glared fiercely at Crown's attitude of talking like it was someone else's business.

"Do not resist! There will be no pain!"

A combatant crushed her and held a plasma-forged sword to her neck.

"Quan!"

Hearing Shiina's voice, Crown felt a complete change of consciousness.

"......what?"

Something huge was coming.

"Huh?"

-Protect Shiina.

A single signal was received in my brain, and the scenery of the world was shattered like fragments.

"wow."

Because it is the Illuminati, it can be guessed

The truth made Crown shudder.

'This guy's thinking is the symmetry of the universe

break.'

extremes of asymmetry.

In the next instant, the combatants all rolled down the axis of the rapidly tilting world.

gone





final chapter (2)


The Terraforce combatants were taken aback.

'To roll on a flat ground.'

No, is it really flat?

It was not simply a change in the direction of gravity, but the feeling that the axis of the world was tilted.

'It looks like falling off a cliff.'

Although it belatedly responded with a gravitational field, the shaft continued to rotate like a compass that lost its magnetic field.

- Unenforceable. Ask for support.

Even from the mothership staying in the atmosphere, the battle on the ground was carefully observed.

"... ... It's embarrassing."

The condition of the combatants flying around like crawling on the ground was obviously not normal.

"It is difficult to face head-to-head. The body and mind of the author are the most perfect ideals."

Because he was an alien creature, he had the clearest understanding of Quan's thoughts.

"I activate Four Kind (4th type close encounter)."

It was an abduction method used by Terra Force to investigate life on a specific planet.

"You mean bring that human? We can't carry out operations that could put the mothership in danger."

"no."

Wave motion in their field of vision converted sounds from the ground into images.

It was like a haze in which the atmosphere was compressed, and the most rapid valley was... ... .

"Olifer Shiina."

It was the only reason Quan moved.

"It's a huge emotional surge. As long as that woman is on the ground, the operation cannot be carried out."

"What if I chase you?"

"A chase?"

Terraforce looked back at his comrades.

"That's a good joke. I did a lot of research on humans." It wasn't really a joke, but it wasn't unreasonable for a colleague to think that way.

'Well, if you're a Terra Force combatant, you won't know what to do with the mothership.'

Commander gave instructions.

"Bring it."

On the other hand, Crown, riding in Quan's body, felt a thrill from the transcendent aerobatics.

"Wow, I thought it was junk... ... It was super high performance.

'What should I do with this?'

To the Illuminati, who knew the outside world, the actual outcome did not matter.

Usually, war, resource control, disease, etc. lead the direction of humanity from the perspective of the gods... ... .

'Stop going back because there are no users.' However, since it was such a rare world, there was one question holding him back.

'I'll match it this time.' Accepting Quan's feelings, he cut through Terra Force without hesitation.

beep! beep! beep!

'what?'

At that moment, red lights began to flicker in the lenses attached to the combatants' gloves.

- Gravity Reversal. Be prepared.

"Quan!"

When I turned my head to Shiina's voice, a red flash was shining on her.

'Four Kind. I'm thinking of taking him.'

can't stop that

Knowing Terraforce's technological prowess, Crown calmly lowered his sword.

Shiinaaaaaa!

Quan was different.

"Keugh!"

A tremendous signal hit his brain, and Crown frowned and stumbled.

'I can't control it.'

Shiina, pulled into the sky in an instant, disappeared into the Terraforce mother ship.

- Shiina! Shiina! Shiina!

'calm down! I can't help it! And those guys... ...

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

When a harsh atmospheric sound broke out, the rushing attendants all looked up at the sky.

So did Crown.

"what... ... Hey?"

extremes of asymmetry.

A mothership the size of a city was staggering as the world shook on its axis.

- Protect! protect! protect!

"crazy... ...

Before he could finish his words, control passed and Quan's body flew into the sky.

Although the crown tried its best, it could not overcome the signal of 'protecting'.

'This guy... ...

Why are you doing this?

'Destroy yourself endlessly. It's different from Garas. This is rather the result of getting farther away from breeding.'

Love is.

'What does this mean for the universe?'

Perhaps this question is the only homework left to the outside world.

The survivors were ready to go out ahead of the final war of mankind.

"let's fight. We are the masters of this world!"

Among the resistance fighters gathered together, there was a parrot mercenary group that commanded the world.

"sister."

The operator came to Marsha.

"Why did you come? The demons will come soon. Hide in a safe place with the other operators."

Even if she had the highest fighting power in High Gear, she was just a smart girl in real life.

"Are you coming back?" Well, if the war is lost, all life on this planet will be homeless.

"Don't worry."

Freeman grunted.

"Because I will protect my woman."

"Put."

After hearing those words, Marsha relaxed and kissed the operator's head.

"Okay, I'll be back. Promise."

As the operator went downstairs with an effortless smile, Marsha glanced at her.

"my woman?"

"then? Who else in the world is there other than me to take you?"

On the one hand, that's why.

"... ... It really is a beggar world." As her officers burst into laughter, Marsha regains her cool.

'Can the ground forces hold out?'

According to the future information she had seen, it was probably close to this point.

'Cell Buster.'

North Pole.

A pair of men and women arrived in a field where even the ivory tower, the symbol of intelligence, had disappeared.

"Is it here?"

Based on the boundary line, Jin Seong-yin in the room pointed to the sky and said.

"It will start there."

When Kitaru Man raised his head, there was a huge gray mass like the moon.

"According to Singh's calculations, it's five minutes from now. Please stop for the sake of mankind. No, hold out as long as possible."

'Humanity.'

Ranstin took a few steps.

"Go see."

Jin Seong-eum watched for a while and closed the etheric wave, and the arctic wind blew.

wheeeeeeeeee.

Rin grumbled.

"It's sluggish. What song is there without an audience?"

"Hehe."

Ranstin laughed.

"When did you do music while caring about that? Let's have fun in our own way."

"iced coffee. ah."

Before he knew it, Rin was relaxing, and Ran Steen tuned his object <Gitaru>.

It can produce the sound of various instruments at the same time, but it has no killing power by itself.

'Samun.'

It was Ranstin's mental resonance magic that killed living things.

"come."

Rin said looking up at the sky.

As the Taegeuk was broken, the anticell, which was a perfect sphere, was falling in the shape of a drop of water.

"He's coming to kill us."

Rin's voice did not reach Ranstin's ears.

-Oops. Dad.

He heard his daughter's voice.

- Play the guitar.

At the point where Anticell covered half of the air, Rin turned her head upright.

"Are you not going to?" -Dad, I love you.

'Why?'

Do you live like this?

'Are you an unsuccessful artist? Is your wife having an affair? Because my daughter caught a cold and died?'

The moment when Anticell attacks them as if to crush them.

"Kick!"

Lanstin let out an incoherent laugh and strummed his guitar.

support support support!

'Things (fingerprints of death).'

The anticell, swept away by the high-speed arpeggio sound waves, vibrated and exploded.

Rin muttered while doing gymnastics.

"It goes up."

Due to the impact of the explosion, it rose in altitude, but this time it split in two and fell.

support support support!

Explosion, explosion, the high-pitched voice continued to rise again, rapidly increasing to 32.

"There are a lot of spectators."

As the number of audience increases, the power of the guitar rum man becomes more powerful.

This is the strongest technique of crowd control that Fermi posited as Anticell's counterhorse.

"Slowly...

When the number of anticells reached 128, Lan Steen stopped playing and straightened her back.

"shall we start?"

It seemed that his hands had been loosened.

ground. In a place not far from the temple, the strongest martial art in the universe was unfolded.

bang! bang! bang!

Hearing the earth-shaking roar, Minnie returned to human size and crawled on the ground.

"Ariana, are you okay?"

Even her fair-haired blonde was covered in blood and could barely breathe.

"yes. By the way... ... Did we really lose?"

The two women looked around the battlefield.

Ikael's triangular Mara Ashur was competing with the god Gir with a sword.

"They are all monsters."

And farther away than that, the Archangel Ikael and the rest of the earth.

"Ha ha ha ha!"

The strongest Ymir collided.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

On a land where there is nothing to protect anymore, Ikael's spirit is in perfect combat mode.

'side. back side. side.'

She gritted her teeth as she traced Ymir's speed, which had no afterimage, by 'looking down'.

'It's here!' Just to turn the body 115 degrees, about 12,000 amplifications are made.

'Proof!'

Ikael's fist struck something in the air with a thud.

"Great!"

Ymir, who was hit right in the jaw, stepped back several tens of meters with his upper body tilted back.

"......Uhhhhh."

A mountain of dirt was built behind him.

"Nice. To think that such a destructive force could be produced from such a slender body. As expected, buy Daecheon."

Ikael grabbed his tingling wrist.

'It's incredibly hard.'

"To be honest, I was interested from heaven. Your battles have always been graceful." "I have such a desire."

As Ymir, who made the six arms, bent his knees, the air descended heavily.

"What if I beat you until I kill you?"

The moment he kicked the ground, the ground collapsed as if a nuclear explosion had occurred underground.

Ymir arrived as fast as its power and struck Ikael with six fists.

"Huh!"

"yes! That face!"

Unlike Lian and Ogent, he frowned to keep his dignity until the end.

I don't particularly like it, but that's why I wanted to break it at least once.

"Goes!"

It was a fist flying from behind my shoulder, but it seemed like it was coming from beyond the distant universe.

'Giant person.'

Ikael's eyes widened in despair before Ymir's fists grew without knowing the end.

"Ikael!" The time when Ashur, who had just cut off Girshin's body, was about to move to the signal of the signal.

"Gaaaa!"

Girsin hugged him while regenerating dozens of legs under his upper body.

"I can't die alone!"

The legs wriggling like bugs seemed to show the urgency of Girshin a moment ago.

Ashur couldn't move.

'damn! signal!'

All signals from space can be collected, but only the area of ??the panel must be perfect.

"Taha!"

Then Ariana put Girshin's longest legs between her armpits.

' Yeomdong... ... !'

Giant Swing.

I squeezed out the last signal and threw my Girshin, and Ashur's body finally disappeared.

"Big! Dare these... ... !"

A shadow fell over the face of Girshin, who had too many legs to keep his balance.

"uh?"

Mini, who turned into a giant, lifted her foot and trampled on Girshin like an ant.

Woo woo woo!

"Whoa."

Minnie, who had returned to her human size by bending her knees, touched the ground and said.

"Ha, I won."

"By the way, isn't this a forfeit?" a bit irregular.

"What do you know? That's the beauty of pro wrestling."

"but."

Ariana giggled.

Meanwhile, Ashur moved to protect Ikael and witnessed an amazing sight.

Beneath a fist as gigantic as a mountain, stood an archangel one-thousandth the size of it.

"Uriel."

Ikael looked at Ymir's back as he supported Ymir's fist with only his right hand.

"... ... why?"

Uriel slightly turned his head towards her, but didn't say anything.

"Quack."

Ymir bit the corner of his mouth.

"I knew. If you beat up the thing you love the most, it will appear."

This is why the end of the world is good.

No matter what beliefs you have, in the end you have no choice but to collide with yourself.

'That's the strongest in the universe.'

But Ymir still felt uncomfortable.

Was Lian's last blow a mere luck, or was it a leap to a new level?

'Come quickly.'

Ymir touched his fist and bent his head.

"I won't be bored."

Regression, round 293.

After blocking the solar wind, Shirone ran towards Nane at full speed again.

"Aaaaaaa!" 32 seconds faster than previous history.

'it's okay!'

That's enough.

"tree... ...

But what caught Shirone's eyes

"Oh, no!"

"Quan Yin."

The scene where Nane murders Amy while shedding tears of blood with a terrifying expression.

"Naneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

Shirone was shot.

Episode 678 Tea.

'more! faster!'

Time didn't matter anymore.

The problem was that my life was responding accurately to Shirone's time.

"please... ...

When Shirone arrived with gritted teeth, he saw Nane putting their palms together.

"Great!"

Blood dripped down Nane's face as she lowered her head.

"Why?"

Nane asked, and Shirone shouted.

"why!"

do you have to do this?

I have already lost loved ones hundreds of times, and killed loved ones hundreds of times.

"Shirone!"

Even Buddha suffered from evil.

"I'm not giving up! accept the ball! Do not leave any more pain in this world!"

"Aaaaaaa!"

Shirone flew to him.

2,469 Tea.

At the point where both time and space have changed, Yahweh and Buddha met again.

It was after Amy disappeared.

A distance that could be reached in an instant if you threw your body, the eyes of the two were terribly tired.

"Let's compromise."

Shirone said.

"I'd rather die. Save Amy. Just let me live in this world."

Nane shook her head.

"I can't. If you are separated from the outside world, your world will be perfect. But Shirone, what would you do if that world was stained with evil? Then there is only pain."

"No matter what the situation is, it's what we chose. And I will definitely choose the good."

"It is us."

I was bitter.

"Are you not alone?"

Shirone gritted his teeth and clenched his fists.

"... ... I will fight."

"Neither do I."

The compromise was broken.

6,579 Tea.

Shirone was already crying.

"Ahh... ...

It was repeated so many times that now it seemed that the heart was made of nothing but sadness.

'I can't.'

To be honest, I didn't want to go.

This is because even if you experience it once, you can no longer bear the pain of tearing your heart.

'I don't want to see it.'

I also had the same thought.

'Don't come.'

please don't come here

Every time the time of collision approached, Nane's hands began to tremble.

'... ... Should I kill him?'

Again.

It's always a new past, but it felt like the smell of blood was coming from my hands.

The smell of the woman you love.

Yahweh and Buddha asked themselves at the same moment.

'Should I quit?'

However, the aftermath would be the end of the entire human race, not just him.

"I can't give up."

Both of their expressions contorted at the same time.

"me : yes!"

The moment Shirone charged at the speed of light, Dainichi Nyorai's palms met.

I closed my eyes tight

'Damn it... ...

three years

Shirone burst into tears.

"Aaaaaaa!"

tree customs.

Louver asked.

"You look sad."

Nane, who remained in the temple, blinked as if lost in thought.

"... ... It's just an illusion."

Even this heart that hurts like crazy.

'But my pain is the pain of rebirth. This world has already been stained with evil.'

Civilization was wiped out, and only people who had become charcoal like fossils remained in the remaining places.

those who cannot die.

"Death Field. That's terrible. I'm glad there are many returned to my hands. Is there no way?"

Louver lowered his head at God's question.

"I will have Mong-a inject the death of Samong. You will have to choose between suffering and disengagement."

It was a dream in which access was forbidden under normal circumstances, directly experiencing death.

I was bitter.

"Is it still a choice?"

"Because you can't directly touch the user's code. But a lot of time has already passed. Users should now realize what the consequences of staining the world with evil are."

"... ... enforce it."

When Louver looked back at Mong-ah, the pale child's face turned disgusting like a monster.

- Dream code, Samong.

puck! puck! puck!

The black doll started to turn to ashes at the same time as the signal went in on the Drimo.

He chose to leave.

"Immediate color."

Looking back at the world with nothing, I said you.

"The color immediately."

"Whoa."

A white-haired woman was left at the place where the corpses of the demons spread all the way to the horizon.

Jecheon Daeseong Son Yoo-jeong.

"It really never ends. Everyone is dead, so what are you so upset about?"

Perhaps the demons needed something other than humans to be angry with.

"The next area... ...

That moment when she, who had burned her body, flies above the ground exhaling dark clouds.

"What?"

As if holding on to the air, she stopped with her face and landed with her clothes on.

puck! puck! puck!

The burnt charcoal, which retained its human form, was rapidly turning to ashes.

'Everyone is leaving.'

Son Yoo-jung exhaled a long breath.

'It has to be.'

She was well aware of how painful it was after being hit by the Death Field several times.

As she was about to leave again, she frowned and turned around with a surprised expression.

"That... ...

In the place where everyone was scattered to ashes, only one body remained in shape.

'Can you stand it?'

I was even more surprised when I checked it up close.

'young.'

The body in a crouching position was at most 7 or 8 years old.

'How long I want to live.'

I reached out my hand with a sad expression, but then the hard charcoal started to tremble.

A sign not to touch.

'I'm not young.'

Even though he was young in body, his mental power was strong enough that even Son Yu-jeong stuck out his tongue.

'There must be a reason.'

Standing behind her back, she lowered her head.

"Good luck."

As she moved away, her trembling body slowly began to calm down.

Wizard gritted his teeth.

'Not yet.'

My whole body burned with every breath, but it was the only way to escape Satan's gaze.

'Habits. The reason why the atrocious chaos was able to break away from the law is probably... ...

It seems to be using some kind of divine authority.

It was the conclusion drawn by a transcendent genius who mastered all five systems of the universe.

'God is not. Because God never calculates like this. It's like... ...

Like a spoiled son who uses parental authority personally.

'That must be the theory.'

So, the Wizard used Havitz's mind to bind him to this world.

'I can't stimulate it clumsily.'

He is different from God, so he will even read taboos in order to win.

'If this authority is blocked, use that authority. They will manipulate everything and destroy humanity.'

The speed at which his abilities rise 'to a level equal to or exceeding mine. Therefore, after sticking with Harvits now, I feel '

It's like creating a unique monster.

'I'm going to hold on.'

And he simulates all the situations he can respond to in his head.

'I overtake Satan's evolutionary speed. When that work is done... ... I can feed a blow.'

Harvits will never know.

'Super Gong.'

With 1 missing frame.

"Five minutes before departure!"

The resistance fighters on the ground glared at the demons shimmering through the dust wind.

Everyone was gathered, except for those who were in charge of guarding key figures like Kira, a resident of the Ivory Tower.

Canis, who was placed in the back row, held Arin's hand.

Arin, who felt his hand for a moment, turned his head with a determined expression.

"Kanis, I thought about it and we... ...

"doesn't care. Siblings or whatever, it doesn't matter to me."

Arin's expression turned sad.

"You can do it, brother."

"yes?"

"All I want is for you to be happy. From Radum, I prayed and prayed only for that. so... ...

Kanis smiled.

"I will always be by your side. as a brother." Arin confirmed Kanis' sincerity through her menarche.

'ah?... "

The face filled with light was the same as that of Canis, who had no brother.

'This is Canis.' such confidence.

Seeing her face for the first time, Arin nodded while holding Kanis' hand tightly.

 O " Heh.

Harvest is up.

"Quack."

A shadow embracing the shoulders of the two with arms as long as spears aimed forward.

"Now, this is the final battle."

A large army of demons was rushing in through the dusty curtain.

Two days of reality have passed.

The resistance of the resistance was desperate, but the number of demons increased.

Even the cool-headed Lufist was annoyed.

'Too many.'

No, the original number was piled up as the foil peeled off.

'Satan's location cannot be tracked. Neither Jin's voice nor his gun are confused.'

Is it possible?

'I'm writing all the foul rules.'

At least, the reason why this world could not be closed without permission was because of the existence of the Wizard.

Aaaaaaa!

When I raised my head at the rumbling sound, the dragons were engaged in a dogfight with Terra Force.

'Support is impossible.'

It was a trend that thin ice, no dragon was pushed.

"uh?"

And everyone saw

"I-what is that?"

The sight of gray pouring in from the sky, like water freezing.

"Anticell?"

Although the size was much smaller than the first, the number of individuals seemed to exceed the trillions, circumstances, and years.

Doo doo doo! Doo doo doo!

As the Samantha's signal was connected, a fast-beating drum sound embroidered the sky.

It was a performance by Guitar Luman.

"Yeah---

Following Lin's voice, the song began.

- After sleeping in the morning, he told me I was lazy. omg sorry I've been playing all day and haven't had time to sleep, kid.

Her song even flowed into Panier's room in the basement of the temple.

-My daily routine of passing out while playing. The music doesn't stop when you sleep. One billion on our side. I am the lord of the dawn hey!

"Hehehe."

Panier couldn't help laughing even while the demons were infiltrating the underground.

'It's terrifying'

Resistance music, someday will be out of fashion.

'Now, singers are the best, these guys.' but i don't like it

'No, to be honest, I love it.

Regression, round 10,874.

"Hmm."

Tormia Immigration Policy Director raised his glasses.

"They are Asian siblings who came in 16 years ago. Well, at that time, immigration policy was active."

Shirone asked.

"Can I find the record?"

"Well, because it's such a massive amount. It will probably take several days to find them all."

"I have plenty of time."

Indeed it was.

"Hmm, if that's the case... ...

The chief had a troublesome expression, but he couldn't refuse because he was a wizard.

Of course, it was a forged license made of material.

"there... ...

When the man in the hallway came in, the manager hurriedly stood up and bowed his head.

"Ah, magistrate."

He was an Asian with black hair and black eyes, a rare sight in Tormia.

The administrator asked Shirone.

"Aren't those siblings fraternal twins by any chance?"

"Do you know?"

"... ... Come this way."

After following him into the administrative office, the secretary served tea and the conversation began.

"Why are you looking for those two?"

"I am not looking for anything. just... ... I want to make sure they are her siblings. It is a personal matter."

"It is important to me too."

"Yes?"

The magistrate raised his teacup and headed for the window.

"Well, a lot of time has passed. At that time, I immigrated from a small country called Min in the East. The civil war was in full swing. It is a battle for sovereignty between local lords."

Shirone was listening.

"I was working as an immigration policy officer after I got a job. Still, the root is Min Kingdom, so I was keeping an eye on the situation there. Of course, it is now destroyed."

"okay."

"A general got fraternal twins. Coincidentally, Yeongji was in a state of lightning. As a country that values ??the lineage of its rulers, the general had to make a choice. Will he plan for the future by leaving his bloodline behind, or will he be sent far away to save his life?"

"Is that why you sent them to Tormia?" "Nope. The general intended to fight to the end. He was thinking of winning the war and handing over the estate. But his wife was against it. He was thinking of abandoning the estate and running away."

Shirone realized that it was not unusual.

"Perhaps... ... "

the administrator asked.

"Do you know the word 'shadow warrior'?"

"Yes. In case of an emergency, someone similar to the leader will take the lead. to the east

It has been used a lot. ah." Shirone realized.

"Yes. The general turned one of his twins into a shadow warrior without his wife's knowledge. Of course, her wife came over to Tormia completely unaware of that fact. I was the one who helped her emigrate back then." "She got paid, but she's a trend person, so I wanted to help as much as I could. Anyway, I got through the gate, but I don't know what happened after that. The facts about the shadow warriors were also revealed after the kingdom of Min was unified."

"The child left in Min... ... ?"

"After the general committed suicide, the child was beheaded."

Now there was only one thing left.

"Then, among the women and men who have entered this place, which one is the shadow warrior?"

"Hmm."

The administrator touched his chin.

"This is an issue that was an issue in Min Kingdom at the time. Considering his bloodline, he would have left the man behind, but the general committed suicide without revealing it. Perhaps the children who came here also died. It's embarrassing to say, but the King of Unification was so violent that he pursued him to the ends of the world in order to cut off his lineage. Maybe that's why he's ruined."

After all, it is unknown who was the general's son.

'But.'

Shirone asked again.

"Then the children here are not siblings. Because one of them is a shadow warrior."

"Yes. That is the orthodoxy."

It should be enough for two people.

"Yes, thank you."

" Perhaps??????

When Shirone stood up, the magistrate asked.

"Do you know them?"

It wouldn't matter what he said, but Shirone smiled and shook his head.

"Nope."

They're just friends.

Leaving behind the nodding administrator, Shirone left the office.

"Whoa."

I was a little relieved.

'I'm so glad. Canis, Arin.'

At the Pyramid of Truth, the two of them endured the wave of phosphorus with all their hearts.

The reason the scenes were fragmented, perhaps, was that God manipulated their cause.

'You guys won.'

I missed you.

While experiencing more than 10,000 regressions, the mind was completely exhausted.

'I can't fight.'

At some point, he stopped regressing.

'Anymore... ... I can't watch Amy die.'

A life of just living in an illusion, meeting close people or tracking back stories.

But even in the midst of that, there were still people who could never be found.

Karmis Amy.

'Shall we go?'

The moment I met her, the moment I saw her alive, everything would collapse.

'I miss you.'

But I missed you so much.

Just by imagining it, it feels like cool water seeping into my already dried up mind.

"ah... ...

Shirone headed towards it without realizing it.

"Amy."

Alpheas Magic School.

While walking around the park looking for Amy, Shirone saw her sitting on a bench.

Her heart was pounding involuntarily at the sight of her back with her red hair in a tight ponytail.

'Okay, let's meet.'

The moment you try to step out like that, far away

Seriel waved her hand and came running.

"Amy!"

As if he had committed a crime, Shirone

He hurriedly hid behind a tree.

I heard Amy's voice.

"what? Why are you so late?"

"lol! sorry! I overslept."

"anyway."

They met with difficulty in their busy schedules and expressed their grievances in the senior class.

"The end-of-month evaluation is a problem. Especially in person-to-person combat. Since points are at stake, I feel like I'm getting awkward even after having a good time."

Seriel grinned.

"Hee hee, I know."

" What?''

"Are you worried about getting into a fight with Shirone? What if things get awkward?"

"Wow, what are you talking about? Where are the private feelings in the test? I don't get mad about that."

"Who said what? What to do if Shirone gets upset, that's the problem."

"Shirone!"

Amy stopped talking.

"Are you really going to pout?"

"Hmm."

Seriel was also serious in front of her friends.

"Tell me honestly. Shirone, is this a test? If you think exams are really important... ...

"I like you."

Amy was also honest.

"I like it. that's why it's complicated I'm just nervous and excited when I'm with you. honestly what... ...

"Can I kiss you?"

"yes. Oh, but I absolutely hate doing it first. It's not that I hate Shirone, that... ...

"I know how it feels."

Seriel's eyes flashed with worry as she said that.

'Should I tell you?'

the fermi.

Amy tilted her head.

"what? How come you seem to be more troubled than me? Are you dating someone?"

"no. It's not like that... ...

The conflicted Seriel laughed bitterly.

"I'll tell you later. Afterwards." In the end, Shirone never met Amy.

'thank god.'

It was because just hearing the voice was about to break all my will.

'Why didn't I know?'

No, I knew it at the time, but the feelings I have now cannot be explained in words.

'I shouldn't have gone to see you.'

I shouldn't have thought that I couldn't love more here.

"I'm going to get you! I will definitely save you!"

I felt like I would really give up everything if I didn't hold on to that hope.

"Amy."

A name that can be exchanged for life.

"Amy."

the shape of my heart.

"a... ...

Shirone stopped walking.

"Huh."

As if I had realized it for the first time, I felt the world without her so vividly.

"Uh uh uh uh uh."

I couldn't help but cry like an idiot.

Miro's eyes turned alive.

"Come on!"

Beyond the endlessly influx of demons, Satan with a black body was laughing.

"What a boring woman you are."

Harvitz extended a hand and instructed.

"Go, my dogs."

"Aaaaaa! charge!"

If you disobey the order, it will be eternal pain, so the demons turned on the light in their eyes and moved forward.

The incarnation of Guanyin with a Thousand Arms struck down the demons like lightning, but there were too many of them.

"this??????!"

When Habitz activated the Death Field, thousands of demons burst into flames.

"Gaaaaa!"

Since Satan had already lost the concept of an ally, the radius was the entire land.

"Huh!"

Even the incarnation of Thousand Hands Guanyin turned into black charcoal and delivered terrible pain to Miro.

'What's with all this?'

purely on their own.

If Nane fought with rightness, then Havitz was completely wrong.

"What are you doing? Said it was good?"

When Miro raised his head, Havits was approaching before he knew it.

"The villain captain is here." Her faceless silhouette mocked her with her arms outstretched and waving her hips.

"Yaaaa!"

The incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin inflicted tremendous blows, but only pain was felt.

Miro gritted his teeth and stepped back.

"Huh."

There was no thought other than the trembling of the hands rising from the smoke, and the pain.

'How can I beat this?'

"What are you doing?"

At the bottom of Satan's crown, his mouth went wide open.

"If we don't fight, will we play with it?"

"this??????

Sparks fly in Miro's eyes again.

"Bastard!"

The incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanshiyin, who was very angry, inflicted 30 million hits on Satan.

IZ IZ IZ TZ TZ IZ I

It was a miracle achieved through the segmentation of time, but what came back was pain equivalent to that.

"Ah ah ah ah ah!"

Miro let out a scream.

"Puhahaha! What is that? What polar line is that? Are you the same as any other human being?" She was not aware of Satan's change, which gradually became the tone of a child.

'I'm angry.'

why can't you win

'It's said to be extreme and atrocious.'

If each other defines each other, then at least you should be able to fight the ball like a child.

Miro shouted as he knelt down.

"Why! Why are you doing that!"

Havitz's answer to the question without context was only one.

"Because it's fun."

His body gradually grew to a size of several tens of meters and lifted his feet.

"This is a giant figure."

Miro's face turned pale at Satan's ability to manipulate the world at will.

"I'll pierce your mouth."

Harvits said as she lowered her foot.

"Because I want to hear you beg to die."

At that moment, the enormous air pressure, as if the whole sky was pouring down, pressed him down.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

"??????uh?"

I try to hold on, but I don't think I can hold on in the end.

"Huh?"

Such an overwhelming scale.

As Satan, who had hastily reduced in size, crouched down, everything on the ground was crushed.

coup

The demons within the radius were crushed and crushed, and only Habits was standing.

"Big."

Gaold was walking slowly.

"Taesung is strong."

If the durability of the planet was normal, the area would have already turned into a sea of ??lava.

The next moment, Luman's guitar playing in the sky began to change to heavy metal.

"ah?... "

It may have been a mere coincidence, but Miro automatically recalled the life of a man who had arrived in the previous chapter.

"Gaold."

As he passed the maze, he coldly lowered his gaze.

"Are you going to leave me alone?"

"No, that... ...

Seeing Miro's flustered appearance for the first time, Gaold smiled and moved on.

"Leave it to me."

Harvits spat out ferociously.

"How dare you surprise me? If you mess around one more time, I'll set you on fire. You will suffer eternal torment."

"Eternal pain? fire?"

Gaold's teeth clenched tightly.

"Good."

The corner of his mouth was torn upward, and the stoic spirit of the great heat hell completely changed the scenery.

"That's my major."

FIRE RURRR!

Havitz silently watched as the fire caught on his fingertips and toes.

"yes? this... ...

At that moment, I felt a hot pain.

"Aww! it hurts! ah... ... !"

Gaold's fist, which contained the power of the air press, flew away from Satan's body.

Every time Gaold advanced, hundreds of demons were crushed, and Satan charged again.

"I can't be the only one who gets sick!"

Gauld's face contorted as he stretched out his body and watched the flight.

"Che, cuckoo." stupid guy

'I mean pain.'

The unprecedented air press crushes the earth.

'I can't share it.'

An enormous explosion of flame occurred due to the frictional force of the ground compressed more than 10 meters.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

Even at the moment when the flames of the flames surged, Miro was immersed in his own thoughts.

'why?'

What is the reason why atrocities that do not reach the level of extreme good are subjected to the level of human beings?

Justice Terraforce said:

-You cannot defeat evil alone.

'And again... ...

- Winning is also an evil methodology. When everything between good and evil interlocks, humanity will make the final choice. You have to endure until then. The flames were cut off in front of my eyes.

"uh?"

When Miro turned her head, Sein, Kang Nan, Thing and Zulu were walking towards them.

"you... ...

Sein held out his hand.

"I just found it. Not you, of course, but Satan."

Unable to respond to the bony joke, Miro looked beyond them.

= = G TZ I |

1~r?I~rr!

An army of men was running.





final chapter (3)


How many repetitions must have been repeated, Shirone stopped counting.

The higher the order, the higher the number seems to prove its impossibility.

'I'm going to save Amy.'

It is one purpose.

It only repeats it like a machine, and in every way a human can imagine... ... .

"me : yes!"

He twisted history.

"me. radish. coffin. count. Well."

And Nane fixed the future with spirit and effort worthy of Yahweh.

'I'll save you!'

Shirone rushed.

"Amy!"

Shirone was furious.

"You bastard!"

Shirone begged.

"Please, please stop! now stop!" And to all those Shirone, Nane shed tears of blood and said this.

"Tree Guan Yin."

"Uhh??????!"

Yahweh blacked out as if his spinal cord had been severed.

From then on, perhaps at the point where the number of iterations so far has passed.

"Amy. Amy."

Shirone trudged toward Nane, who was 100 kilometers away.

"Amy."

Whether it was flying or crawling, distance and time didn't matter anyway.

"Tree Guan Yin."

"stop!"

Shirone covered her ears.

"Tree Guan Yin."

"stop! I mean stop now!"

tree customs. tree customs. Wood tariff. tree customs. tree customs. Counting the wooden coffin. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. I am irrelevant. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs. tree customs.

"Ahhh... ... !"

Memories of numerous recurrences are so entangled that it is impossible to tell whether it is the present or the past.

"Aww! Aaaaaa!"

Am I fighting with you now or running away from him?

"no! stop!"

Is Amy really alive, or is she going crazy right now?

* I......

The only thing I realized.

'I can't escape from you.'

No matter how history was changed, it was ultimately within the palm of the Buddha.

tree customs.

"stop! Shut up, you son of a bitch!"

Lying on the floor and screaming, Shirone shuddered with unbearable rage.

"Why don't you block this too!"

Then he began to squeeze his neck with both hands.

"Turn it off!"

It felt as if his own death was a bit of revenge for Nane.

"Kkeuk. Kkeuk."

Shirone did not let go of the strength in her hands.

'uh... ...

At the end of the faintly distant ceremony, Shirone suddenly remembered one thing.

Vanguard Astrologer.

- A huge enemy will trap you. Then finally... ... I will strangle him myself and die.

'It really was.'

Also, the fulfillment of the prophecy means that we are still under God's control.

Shirone died feeling a terrible sense of defeat.

return again.

"Hmm."

Sitting under the tree, Shirone took a bite of the apple and was lost in thought.

'It's a no-win game.'

Suicide didn't clear my mind, but it paid off.

'The fact that even my death has come true means that the future cannot be changed in any way.'

What's the matter?

'Use the same tachyon. But it's me who always gets through. The reason is that......

This is because the level of difficulty is different.

'I live, you kill. The level is different with just Amy... ...

The meta has the weight of all mankind

was

'The direction of thinking is different. It doesn't matter at first, but as history progresses, this slight difference in thinking widens a huge gap.'

so you lose

'So what? Should I make a variable out of killing someone like me? But in that case, my thoughts may lean towards mine.'

There is a difference between a ball and a kid.

At that moment, a person flashed in Shirone's mind.

'Mr. Minerva.'

It was as if I could hear her voice telling me not to save myself under any circumstances.

'no.'

It can't be.

'It's not a matter of being or not being. How can you say that? to die for the world... ...

I'd be happy to do that.

From then until nightfall, Shirone pondered over and over again and came to a conclusion.

"Let's talk."

There was no way, and his mind was exhausted enough to rely on anything.

'As of the time after the bet with me.' A new illusion changes the landscape, and Syrone finds Minerva in the Ivory Tower.

"Mr. Minerva?"

As she opened the door and entered, she hurriedly wiped away tears as she stared out the window.

"yes? What is it, at this hour?"

He smiled brightly, but he couldn't completely get rid of the sadness in his eyes.

'You were crying like this.'

It must have happened in real life, but it was the first time you experienced it.

"I am from the future."

" yes?"

"It's long to explain, but Mr. Minerva said to come find me if you're having a hard time. That's right."

At that time, the secrets of the world had not been revealed, so Minerva was taken aback.

"pooh. Are you flirting with me now?"

"I mean a wish."

Even though there was no context, her expression became serious when she had it in her heart.

"I haven't told you yet, but I know. Never save yourself, right?" Minerva pulled out a chair.

"sit down."

From then until daybreak, Shirone explained the events that would come to mankind in the future.

Minerva asked a few questions, but mostly kept her mouth shut.

"I know what you mean."

She sighed and let out a breath.

"The perfection of the law. In order to break Nane's thinking, we need variables on our side as well. That variable comes out."

"Yes. ha, but! I don't really want that kind of sacrifice. Actually, I'm so frustrated... ...

Minerva hugged Shirone.

"Thank you for giving me a chance."

"Whoops, don't worry. Because I have one idea. From now on, you will go back to the past and meet me before I became a Buddha. And tell me."

"what are you saying... ...

"See you later. The Buddha is compassionate and cannot be turned away. I'm not proud of it, but I'm sure I'm the one who lived the most miserable life in the world."

Shirone also knew through Omega.

"You will love me, not Amy. Therefore, it will be me who dies in Omega's final moments. Maybe the history is quite twisted, but it works because it is a change that even the 12 apostles cannot block. More than anything else, you're not in a position to cover hot meals with cold meals." Shirone shuddered at the strategy with the highest probability among the attempts so far.

'No, it's not that much.'

It really looks like it will.

"But."

Shirone looked away.

"Mr. Minerva's life is over. A human life being consumed in this way... ...

"Whoops." Minerva turned his head back.

"I know you are serious. this is for humanity Amy must live, everyone will live. And this is the only way I can atone. No, to be honest... ...

In order to change Shirone's heart, she brought out a secret she most wanted to hide.

"I want to end it now." The shame of the body that never washed away, and the several disasters that were committed in that anger.

"Let's do it. Leave it to me." Shirone cried silently.

Day 4 of the battle.

Kurrrrrrr.

The confrontation between the two beings, which was always cited as the question of who is the strongest, reached its climax.

The land dug with a radius of 120 km and a depth of 3 km became a coliseum in itself.

"Hehehe."

Ymir, with two of his six arms broken, let out a weary laugh.

"You're really strong, aren't you?" Uriel was also in a weakened state.

"I don't think I've ever been this strong. Do angels do awakening? no."

Ymir's gaze turned to Ikael.

"Can't you back down? It seems like you've been fighting while protecting that archangel ever since."

There was sadness in Ikael's eyes.

'Uriel.'

Among the archangels of the white whales, the one who has always been relied on with overwhelming force.

However, because of that, he was also an angel who felt more difficult and distant than anyone else in Baek Kyung.

'Uriel, you me... ...

Did minds exist before angels believed they could have minds?

In order to ignore that fact, Uriel desperately maintained neutrality.

maybe even now

"Come on."

Repeating only one's own essence.

The Judicial Glow - Ragnarok.

The white thunderbolt that fell from the sky wrapped around Uriel's body with the concept of destruction.

Ymir tore off his broken arm and took a position to catch it with his remaining four arms.

"Quack! That's cool."

Rumble!

A single flash of light pierced the ground with a thunderclap of lightning.

Shirone met Minerva from the past.

Proof was easy.

"You were at that time... ...

Traumas that only you know about and that can never be erased are listed.

Minerva of the past was convinced.

"What can I do?"

Time passed like that, and there were several trials and errors, but in the end, Nane...

"Minerva."

I wept over her fate.

Of course, the law does not make anyone a witch or make anyone unhappy.

However, the reason of the world is that someone becomes a witch and someone becomes unhappy.

'Block the return of pain. she wasn't

Even so, someone else would have been sacrificed.'

What really pisses me off is the world itself.

'To realize the ball.'

Nane realized a child through Minerva and became a Buddha again.

in history so changed.

'you can do it.'

Shirone was convinced for the first time.

'It completely twisted history. Now your obsession is Minerva, not Amy.'

cheated on god

But the sacrifice that must be paid in return is the life of one person who did not have to die.

'damn!'

Shirone bit his lip.

'It can't be helped! I wouldn't have done this if it was because of Amy! The future of all mankind is at stake.'

Endless self-rationalization.

'Mr. Minerva wants it too. Amy can live. I finally did it! Amy! Amy!'

Before Omega's final moments, you and I were clearly trying to kill Minerva.

Tears welled up in Shirone's eyes.

'I did it!'

In my blurry vision, I saw Amy fighting the enemy, unaware of the changes in history.

I didn't even meet Nane or realize the incarnation of fire, but what does that matter?

'Amy.'

Diane's words came to mind.

-You are not going to retrieve the lost item. I'm going to meet a living person.

- I hope you respect Amy's thoughts and choices.

wanted to ignore

But what happens to Amy's heart, which has been changed by Minerva's sacrifice?

'It can't be helped.'

If time and space are all in sync, where is the mind put in?

'There is no other way than this!' lost items.

"Huh w

I'm not going to get things back.

" tree......

Nane is the incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai.

He was trying to erase Reba's body.

Now, if you hold on for a few seconds, Fermi will connect this moment with the future.

"Aaaaaa."

In the face of that irreversible eternity, Shirone had no choice but to make a decision.

"I'm sorry, Amy."

Before Nane's next pitch, Shirone reversed this moment into an illusion.

infinite space.

"Huh. Whoa."

In the most lonely darkness, Syrone's cries resonated mournfully.

Day 5 of the battle.

"Big!"

Ranstin, struggling to the death in the North Pole, played the guitar with a pale face.

puck! puck! puck!

The number of anticells has risen by leaps and bounds over the years, to the units of purples, sheep, and spheres.

It covered the planet with gray organic matter, and even gradually increased its thickness.

Ranstin suddenly had a hunch.

'No more is impossible.' A demon who controls the crowd as one and inscribes a code of death on them all.

Although Cell Buster's nemesis, Lanstin's body was always human.

support support support!

His guitar-playing fingers were all shortened one knuckle.

The reason why he doesn't stop playing even in the pain of directly scratching his nerves. 'Don't make fun of me.'

I felt like if I gave up even this, I would become a worthless bastard.

'I am a guitarist!'

I could feel Rin's voice trembling as she sang the song, vomiting blood from her throat.

'Isn't that enough?'

If you've survived five days against this gigantic foe, you won't be pointed at.

But there is no longer humanity to blame him.

"Hehe."

Were you fighting an illusion?

In fact, didn't you want to go among people more than anyone else?

Rin's song cut off.

'It's the limit.'

The anticell with astronomical mass overcame the Samantha and began to descend.

'Why do I live like this?'

People say that the man has become a madman because of the guilt of losing his daughter.

'Daughter, Dad is the same.'

When your mother left home, when you, so pretty, left me forever.

'To be honest... ...

Are you feeling a little more at ease?

I don't have any more responsibilities, so now I can do art on my own.

'Yeah, Dad.'

The world can never understand.

"Such rubbish!"

Ranstin violently plucked the steel strings with five perfectly sharpened fingers.

"Huhhhh!"

When Anticell was pushed away by the wave of the guitar, Rin started singing with a bitter look.

'Daughter. honey.'

Tears of blood flowed from Ranstin's eyes.

'Sorry. i abandoned you guys my

was not responsible Still, I just can't give up.

'I wasn't holding this damn guitar in the first place. Still, still, I like you... ...

Even if life gets messed up.

"Would."

Ranstin howled with a distorted face.

"I want to play the guitar!"

divine transcendence.

The instrument started playing before my already blunt fingers could touch the strings.

support support support! support support support!

As the wave of tremendous power pushed the anticell away, the gray surface of the planet swelled like a balloon.

Until the promised 7 days, another 48 hours.

Nane, Amy, Minerva.

"ha ha ha!"

Shirone was going crazy.

Because the only person who keeps repeating what there is no way to do is a madman.

"Kill! Kill!"

Following the sound of evil, the incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai joined his palms with gentle energy.

And whoever is in between.

'Minerva.'

No, it was Amy.

"Hehehe!"

Amy and Minerva were not separated while charging Nane countless times like an obsession.

In some cases she looked like Amy, in others she looked like Minerva and then... ... .

"Who are you!"

Now to the point where the faces of the two women overlap.

"Huh."

Sadness rose again.

'Yeah, I'm going crazy. It's proof that you're crazy even though you know you're going crazy.'

I thought it was an expression of desire.

I'd rather have Minerva as a sacrifice, and that's how it would all end.

'no!'

The only remaining spirit refused.

"Shirone."

Shirone, who was sobbing on her knees,

I raised my head at the sound of Nane's voice.

"Get out of obsession."

The Buddha's eyes were firm and benevolent.

7th day of battle.

At least the altar, which had served as a shield from the wind, had now completely disappeared into dust.

"Down with humans! kill! Kill!"

The demons expressed their anger without a target and narrowed the encirclement from all sides.

"Sigh. Sigh."

Looking at the demons approaching, Shura and Huama knelt side by side.

"This far."

It was like a miracle that Omega lasted 7 days after it closed.

said Huama.

"It's annoying to die when you've lived enough. how about you? Are you relieved to know the secrets of the world?"

"The secret of the world?"

Shura snorted.

"huh! Who knows until you go?"

"is it."

Huama, deep in thought with a heavy expression on her face, bared her shark's teeth.

"Then shall we go?"

If the end of the eternal was death, that would be too sad.

"Whoops."

Following Shura's laughter, the two of them simultaneously jumped into the group of demons.

Aaaaaaaang!

A powerful shockwave reached the iron pole.

Numerous corpses of demons who broke through the border were scattered around.

In the center sat a gray-haired old woman who looked more than 100 years old.

'It's a big deal.'

Uorin realized that time was running out.

'I can't stand it any longer, Shirone. The opportunity given to you is running out.'

My body and mind were weakened by the time wave, but I didn't feel particularly bad.

'When was the last time you saw your old age?' I lived like a tenacious youth. Now that this has happened, the obsession and lingering feelings of the past have become infinitely lighter.

"Whoops."

A life as calm as a plant was fine.

'You're going to pay the price. Because it's the only thing I can do for this world.'

Just what stays in my mind.

"Kiddo."

In the distance, I saw a stooped goblin walking away after defeating the demons.

He was wrinkled, and under his green chin was a white-washed beard.

"You've done it. won't come for a while

Yo."

grew old together

She was a little embarrassed, wondering if Kido was looking at her like that too.

"You can't look at me."

Uorin said as Kido nodded as if he understood and sat down far away.

"what? come here."

Uorin leaned her head on his shoulder as the helpless goblin sat down next to him.

After the big explosion, the battlefield was quiet.

"Kiddo."

Wu Lin asked.

"Am I ugly?"

Kido, with a detached expression, answered quietly.

"... ... It is beautiful."

Again, the time waves rushed in, and the bodies of the two began to wither like corpses.

"Kiddo."

Wu Lin said.

"I can't go anywhere now. You have to stay by my side."

"then."

They finally got together, and now the only thing waiting for them was separation.

'I can't recall the details of hearing these words one day, but if this is really the end.

"Uorin."

I guess I have to say it now.

"I love you."

The waves of time swept through the iron pole.

"Shina!"

A voice that finally burst into upbringing.

The Crown goes beyond the control of the mind and the body

Feeling Quan's will to take over

put on

'Right. This guy...

Because he couldn't keep Shiina, because it was such an impossible law.

'Breaking the symmetry of the system.'

The totality of the ability to dig into the gap and make the impossible possible.

'mind.'

extremes of asymmetry.

The hidden code, which he completed by giving up his other half, turned the axis of the world upside down.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the Terraforce ship fell below the atmosphere, Quan kicked the ground with all his might.

"Shina."

The external gravity that vomited in all directions threw Quan upward as if pulling him in.

-Enemy in sight. intercept

Terra Force's flying bodies that protruded from the ship fired beams of vibrational energy.

'Clown clown.'

The symmetry of the universe is broken, and a third direction that the law cannot define is born.

-has disappeared! I want to see!

-back! back!

Whoops!

While the planes crashed into each other and disintegrated, Quan landed on the ship.

'haha.'

Crown was delightful.

'Disappeared?'

No, it must have been unimaginable.

Entering through the cracks in the deck, a metallic corridor with a purple sheen came out.

"Shina... ...

"stop."

Crown took the vocal chords.

"Don't treat me carelessly. it's mine now I want to watch until the decision is made."

Quan frowned.

"Rain, get out of the way... ...

After a few days of chasing, they were physically and mentally exhausted, so now the Crown had the upper hand.

"Did you do enough?"

The two mixed expressions became unified, and Crown shrank with a painful face.

"cadet!"

My muscles were screaming and I was sick with severe motion sickness.

"Stupid. We who keep fighting like this will die first. Get some rest."

Crown limped and moved.

"I will try too."

Although he did not know the actual situation, Shirone sensed it.

'Now I don't have a chance.'

Perhaps the thought that this was the last time also brought back his insane mind.

'But there is no way.'

I was resentful, but I did everything I could to the extent that I couldn't even have regrets.

'Is it a defeat?'

It was the first time I thought of it.

"no."

It's not a match.

"It would be nice if everyone could be happy."

Since humanity has already been given an opportunity that overflows, now is the time to give it back.

'Let's accept it.'

Accept the life Amy has chosen, and accept that she is destined to fight Nane.

'Then I will not lose the status of Yahweh.'

Even though it's Hexa, you won't be able to meet her even in the outside world.

"Amy."

Shirone could shed tears of joy.

"I'll go see you."

and the next moment.

Throughout all the returns, the greatest delusion of Yahweh filled the universe.

'So that everyone in this world can be happy.'

- I forgive your sins.

Riding imaginary time, Tachyon particles spread his love throughout the universe.

Rumble!

Uriel's Ragnarok pushed Ymir to the place where the temple was.

They finally stopped... ... .

"Wonderful."

Uriel knelt and stamped under Ymir, whose arm had been blown off and only his shoulder remained.

Ikael and Ashur, who arrived late, saw the Archangel of Destruction suffering.

"Uriel!"

Uriel, whose shoulders flinched at Ikael's voice, spoke in a low voice.

"... ... finish it."

It would disappear soon anyway, but I couldn't bear to see her fall down.

"I'll do just that."

When Ymir regenerates his arm.

support support! support support!

Following the intense heavy metal sound, Satan's army began to roll in.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Satan at the center was 20 meters tall, had a face as long as a horse, and had dozens of legs moving like a centipede.

-it hurts! It hurts!

"What is that again?"

Ymir frowned at the appearance of everything that looked strong.

"Tsk tsk."

Nane, who was watching from the sky, clicked her tongue.

"... ... A pitiful fellow." After all, it is a man-made business.

Of course, when the world closes, Harvits will also pay a price on the outside.

After that, the human army arrived.

'Air Press!'

When Gaold, whose eyes were turned upside down, pressed the atmosphere, the remnants of the demons were crushed.

In the intense explosion that followed, Ymir's eyes found someone.

"haha."

"Yaaaaa!"

Lian charged forward with a large straight sword with a machine-made arm and hit Ymir as it was.

"Ha ha ha ha!"

As fast as it flew, Mir's voice went farther away.

"Sermon."

Nane raised the index finger.

"grave."

The pale pink sword twisted like a fish and fired at Gaold.

'Air Press!'

Koo kung! thud! thud!

The sermon, which was swimming avoiding the atmospheric pressure that hit all directions, aimed at Gaold's heart.

Thousand Hands Guanyin - Extinction.

Deed Deed Deed!

The two hands of Guanyin, which reached 10 million afterimages per second, struck and bounced off as if caressing a sword.

"You're annoying me."

Miro and Nane's gazes crossed, and Ymir and Lian glared at each other.

"Hahaha! You are all dead now!"

The moment Havitz realized that the power was dissipated, he raised his huge body again.

Strings - the magic of comics.

Thousands of Son Yu-jeong from all sides rushed to him and beat him.

Aaaaaaa! It hurts again!

"Whoa."

After erasing her alter ego, Son Yu-jeong spewed steam from her mouth and turned her back to stand up.

In the lull that the situation had agreed upon, Nane calmly identified Pia.

'line. Ouch. ball.'

The child has not yet been seen.

Ikael, who escaped from the air press's explosion, put Uriel down.

" it's okay?" does she know

How faithful he was to his essence in order not to appear like this.

"I'm sorry, Uriel. Actually, I was like, "I still don't know."

Uriel stopped talking.

"I am a being with the concept of destruction. So I thought I should break you. Because I was born for that reason. But I couldn't break it. Could that be the heart?"

Is this what human beings call love?

"Well, there must be a reason. That's why I didn't destroy you. If you change something in the future, it will be my will. It must be my perfect choice, not God's rule. Maybe that's why I didn't destroy it."

"That's not it."

You blunt archangel.

"Why didn't you break me... ...

The tears of light that flowed down Ikael's cheeks dripped onto Uriel's chest.

"Because you are kind."

is it?

Uriel, who was lost in thought while staring at the empty space, smiled awkwardly.

"perhaps."

The star light gradually weakens.

In his receding consciousness, he caught Ikael shining with light in his eyes.

'It's beautiful.'

Whatever it is, the most in the universe.

'Whoops, yes.'

The fact that I finally realized at the last moment of my existence.

'... ... How can I destroy it?'

Isn't that right, Kariel?

The celestial body of the archangel disappeared. Ikael hurriedly embraced her body that spread with light, but he had already escaped from her arms and fluttered into the sky.

"iced coffee??????

Ikael touched the ground.

"Uriel!"

Another Archangel has left.

Nothing has changed.

The spirit of Shirone, who ran through history as it was at the beginning, was only filled with love.

'let's go.'

Because now I can see Amy.

"me : yes!"

Arriving at Omega's last moments, he charged Buddha with all his might.

Amy's death cannot be prevented.

'If that's your choice... ...

The tears in Shirone's eyes are pushed back by the wind.

'I will fight according to your wishes.' The incarnation of Dainichi Nyorai, which had been repeated countless times, began to join hands together.

"me... ...

There's Amy over there.

T3......w

If you have a heart that loves all mankind, you will not lose the status of Yahweh.

'One last time.'

I want to see her face.

"Shirone!"

It was such an impossible voice that Cyrone didn't want to look back.

However, the consciousness of the whole body made it turn its head on its own, and there... ... .

"uh?"

There was Amy, the incarnation of fire.

"uh?"

Without time to realize anything, Shirone saw the one at the center of Dainichi Nyorai.

It was Mirac Minerva.

"Uh, how?"

Could it be that you are still mad?

Is that why he can't let go of his lingering feelings and confuses Amy with Minerva?

As if denying such a question, Minerva knelt in the form of a child.

Dainichi Nyorai's palm gradually closes.

" tree."

Facing Shirone, she said this with a very pretty eye smile.

"coffin. count. Um (I take refuge in Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva)."

joint.

and extinction.

The moment she saw the bloody tears flowing from Nane's eyes, Shirone quickly looked around.

'done.'

I don't know why, but an event that never happened in Eternal Return.

I felt the vibration of space-time.

'Separated.'

Through the iron pole, the coordinates of space will be the same, but the coordinates of time will be separated into different universes.

"Fermi! hurry!"

beep! beep!

- Detect specific history! 100% assimilation rate!

A light flickered madly in the eyes of Richard, the recorder deep in the planet.

'I found it!'

The incident caused by Shirone is deposited in Apocalypse and passed on to Richard, the final recorder.

- Transfer of information.

And the signal goes to the temple again through Chongi, an information wizard.

Fermi saw.

"come!"

The sight of a butterfly made of light becoming a flash and making a circle at the top of the sky.

'I got it!' Transaction-time vibration of depreciation.

Fermi, who swallowed the chip into his stomach at the same time as the implementation, quickly reached the realm.

'With full force... ...

time bomb!

The barrier of time is intangible, but the sound of a series of explosions was clear in Fermi's ears.

pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!

The wall of time continues to break through, and the past and future in between are defined by the present.

" wow??????

Grass and trees grew in what had been desolate ruins, and all human-made civilizations, such as artificial structures, roads, and facilities, began to spread throughout the world again.

And within that civilization, the humans who suffered from the Great Earth Annihilation were also appearing.

"??????uh?"

Dante in Delta blinked.

' what?'

obviously dead

"Dante?"

Lyria, who was next to him, was also looking around strangely.

"What happened?"

When I went to the window and looked out, the scenery was changing at a tremendous speed due to the waves of time rushing in succession.

To the brilliant and colorful world of humans.

"... ... I don't know either."

Shirone.

The feeling of Yahweh, as if it were contained in the first time, remained in the heart.

1 sec. 1 sec. 1 sec. 1 sec.

A chain of time waves continued to send intermediate stages of history into the present.

Nade's whole body trembled.

"Uh huh?"

New information was being accumulated in real time on top of existing information.

'Shirone left.'

accumulation.

'Did Shirone leave?'

accumulation again.

'No, Shirone... ...

Where Nade turned his head, a very familiar figure shimmered.

"Were you by my side?"

With the coordinates of space and time fully merged, Shirone arrived in the present.

"Shirone!"

Nade hugged him, and Iruki and Dorothy, who were watching from a distance, gave a high five.

"uh?"

Shirone was bewildered.

The time wave was still rolling in, so everything was mixed up, but one thing was clear.

'It's coming back to normal.'

Civilization, precious people, more humanity, all while finding their place.

"What about Amy?"

she didn't see

In fact, as much as it was a miraculous event, Shirone felt a sudden sense of anxiety.

Is something wrong?

"Amy!" The moment Fermi met his eyes, he smiled and pointed somewhere with his index finger.

"ah??????

Shirone's body trembled.

The place he had seen in the past, the incarnation of flame was appearing in that form.

'come.'

like magic.

'It's coming.'

It was born in front of Si Lone's eyes, going back through the repeated eons of time.

"Whoa."

Fermi exhaled.

"One thing solved." Because the past and future are all integrated, the current time is still Omega 999 years.

'Reverted to before the apocalypse.'

And if events change from now on, it will be the human future, not God's calculation.

"Then slowly... ...

Fermi turned bitterly.

"shall we start?"

Since they are in the same space and time, Shirone's abilities are currently transferred to Fermi.

In order to fight with Tachyon instead of Time Vibration, the ability had to be canceled.

'Normally three months. But... ... Fermi rushed.

'There are ways.'

The ability to trade depreciation had to be removed from the world.

"Fermi!"

Seriel, who had received almost all of the time waves, finally realized it and followed him.

"That fool!"

why didn't i think of it?

"You promised! there is no future to die

You did!"

Looking back, it was true.

"Mr. ... !"

Although there is no future that dies.

"You were supposed to die!"

Not the law of the world, to the end

Because it is a decision made by one's own heart.

Fermi was calm.

'Mother.'

Yoga who left for the world.

'How do you like me?'

The one wish that the son who always missed his mother had in his heart.

'Did I make the right decision?' It was to see her proudly smiling face at the end of the sky.

And now, Fermi saw.

"ah?... "

Tears that had never been shed before were pouring down his cheeks terribly.

"I did it, mother!"

There was a great catharsis in his heart as he shouted in a crying voice.

Transactions in depreciation, extinction.

"Sermon."

Nane said to the rushing Fermi.

"rain."

Seeing a dagger rushing at a frightening speed, Fermi cast a spell.

'Air shield!'

TZ I = = T = TZ | rn~i?r!

The air exploded violently, followed by the sound of countless layers of air breaking through.

"Keugh!"

"Fermi!"

Seriel turned along Fermi's body, which had been blown away like paper.

He was torn apart by the sharp air, and his chest was covered in blood.

"Fermi! Fermi!"

Let's cast recovery magic, the wound healed little by little and the bleeding started to stop.

"No fuss."

Fermi said with a sick expression.

"Only the skin was torn. It's okay because the internal organs haven't been damaged. Anyway, with this, the magic has been transferred."

Seriel was dazed.

"Why aren't you dead? no, that's not it So, did you mean this from the beginning?"

"I told you, I won't die. Could it be that I jumped at you without even thinking about how to live?" Fermi winked.

"I'm not stupid like Shirone."

"haha."

I hate it because I want to die.

'still... ...

Seriel hugged Fermi to her chest.

"i love it."

The time wave is finally over.

"Sigh."

The information of the final past of Shirone and the future of mankind integrated into the present remained in his mind.

It was the same effect as when all mankind cast Time Vibration.

"Shirone."

The two people who dealt with imaginary numbers of time with tachyons knew everything about the disappearing history.

"me : yes."

Yahweh and Buddha faced each other.

"You came at last."

"Give up now. I came this far through the sacrifices of many people. I will protect these three worlds."

"... ... Yes it was."

Nane looked around the battlefield.

Still, humanity was divided between their good and the evil they created.

"But how many? 100 people? 1 thousand people? Shirone, to me they are just sleep files. When you wake up, everyone might hate you. just... ...

To the fact that I was playing with the signal.

"doesn't care. Of course you're right, and that's why you're trying to close the world, but we have the right to choose. If they say they want to stay, they stay."

"yes. There is no room for compromise between the law and the heart."

Nane's eyes sank.

"Now things are equal. only you and me Let's make decisions in perfect condition for each other."

Shirone nodded.

And in the next moment, Yahweh and Buddha began to slowly soar into the sky.

It was the final confrontation between Kong and Ae.

iron pole.

While everything returned to its place, only the space of Cheolgeuk was empty.

A bleak wind blew, leaving only the goblin and the corpse of a woman leaning on his shoulder.

Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh.

Just as the amplitude decreases from the outside when a string is plucked, the time waves here were still operating.

time is accelerating

awesome awesome

The bodies of the goblin and the woman, who were drying up like mummies, twisted and twisted together.

10 years, 20 years... ... .

As time progresses rapidly, they gradually become smaller and permeate into the ground.

Another 30, 40 years... ... .

A small sprout sprouted and began to grow like blowing in the wind.

When 50, 60, and 100 years passed like that.

In the place of Cheolgeuk stood a huge and thick beautiful tree.

It wasn't language.

- Kido.



- yes?





Small world creation, a communication method of plants.

-Anyway, it looks like we were reincarnated as trees. I'll have to stay here longer for a while.

-haha. That's right.

-What is that reaction? Don't you like being one with me?

-no. I thought of you all of a sudden I had forgotten about it, but it suddenly came to my mind.

- What?

-When I was a goblin, I met a certain fortune teller. Do you know what my future was? They say love dries up, twists and rots.

-haha! you saw the future

-But now that I think about it, I think that astrologer was pure nonsense.

-Why? It's kind of similar.

-what... ... It is, but

The tree of life bore fruit one by one.

-Now I'm not thirsty.





final chapter (4)


Adam connected to Richard, exactly the sex brain, sent a signal to the main body.

"My role is done. You can turn it off now."

"It's fine?"

Even though the whole body was a machine, the heart was still a human, so Richard asked.

"I've seen Lilith's life, so I don't need to stay. I just fulfilled my responsibility to this world. At least I wanted to protect what Guffin left behind."

"Are you waking up in the outside world?"

"I don't know. As long as the missing link still works, you won't know until you go."

"What if I wake up? You might be able to help the world. Still, it is the world I stayed in."

"Well."

The castle brain thought for a moment.

"Honestly, I am not sure. Any good dream is quickly forgotten in the face of reality."

"... ... I guess so."

"How about you? If Shirone wins, there will be no gods in this world."

"At that time, shouldn't I turn off the power too?"

"Are you giving up your chance to become a god?"

"haha."

said Richard.

"God exists for humans.

After all," Adam said goodbye.

"I have to go."

"yes. please... ...

I can hear the sound of the output dropping out.

"I hope it was a good dream."

The brain that had the blue electricity

it got dark

Good and evil, ball and child collided.

"Kuaaa!"

At the combined attack of mankind, Habitz was retreating with a scream.

On the other hand, the form became more bizarre.

As the lower body melted, it was connected to the ground, and the universe was traveling through the black upper body.

"Never lose! I never lose!"

right, mom?

The ground connected to Habitz shuddered like water, and hundreds of hands protruded.

"Kuk!"

When Son Yu-jeong was caught by one of them, Havitz, who was thrown to the ground, screamed in agony.

"Gaaaaa!"

Son Yoo-jung's body began to burn as the tremendous pain surged in.

Gaold frowned.

"I'm going crazy."

His existence itself was chaos, to the extent that he was better off when his mental state was chaos.

Taesung and Lethe entered Richard's secret room.

"It's running out of control."

Lethe, who spotted Harvits on the screen in front of her, said with a serious expression.

"Hidden code is originally a meta code that should not be applied to the main ground as it is. It is a master language that operates the process before the world is implemented."

Taeseong said.

"It is the world behind it."

"yes. Satan's definition is the central control unit overseeing the source of the underworld. Even so, God, who is the core of the five systems, has the final approval authority, but Harbitz is currently recklessly abusing God's authority."

said Richard.

"Is it possible?"

"It is possible. If it's the Illuminati." "As an administrator, I don't know the realm beyond God. I'm just guessing through God's data. It must be a fairly high level of authority among the Illuminati. Otherwise, God's security regulations cannot be changed at will."

Taeseong said bitterly.

"Havitz... ... The missing link is broken."

"It will not be arbitrary. It's not something you can do on purpose. It is not properly synchronized. That's an illegal accessor. The missing link signal was weak."

Richard saw Satan's battle.

"Are you a child too? Dealing with code is so immature and intuitive."

"Havitz has lived here for over 40 years, but as the missing link weakens, his original tendencies come out. Of course, an expert wouldn't treat it like that, but there's no way you would do something like that in the first place, right? It's meaningless, and an attack on the world the user is connected to would be a felony."

Taeseong asked.

"Could Harvits' inexperience be a breakthrough?"

"It will be difficult."

Lethe was negative.

"Even if you're immature, it's God's right. Even if there is a human who understands all five systems, there is a difference between growing and using what has already been completed. As Terraforce said, the battle between good and evil will end with the victory of evil. Even if Ae wins the ball and the world is maintained."

"A child and a ball... ...

Richard changed the background of the screen.

Shirone and Nane were attacking each other while maintaining a distance of 400 kilometers.

It's a long distance for humans, but considering their bullets, it was close.

"It's tight."

This time, Taeseong stepped in.

"If Havitz broke God's rule, you and I are God's rule itself. That is why it is right."

"It's a complicated situation. Even if Shirone wins, if evil wins, it means the user suffers. Then, of course, you have to leave."

"So there is Terraforce." Lethe dazed as Richard turned the screen.

"What is that again?"

Their ship, which should reset the history of mankind, was flying staggeringly.

Taeseong said.

"The Illuminati are on board. It appears to have broken the missing link in the real world. In that case, punishment is impossible according to the user's self-regulation. Of course, if you know the outside world, you won't have any regrets here. But why would that be?"

Richard reasoned.

"There must be something left in this world. Anyway, from what I hear, this universe is the only one in the multiverse of Gods where the signal from the Guffin came in."

"It's completely ruined."

Lethe grabbed her head.

"This universe is a mess. He said he felt ashamed as a manager of the five major systems."

said Richard.

"Judgment seems impossible. If so, it will eventually be decided in the cog wheel of good and evil. As the administrator of the system, what if you predicted the final outcome?"

Lethe shook her head.

"Not even a god can calculate that. Good and evil is just a direction written on a compass. It's just that the four people who have reached the pole are suggesting different directions. What revolves around the center... ...

Taeseong said.

"mind."

Humans will decide where to go.

The planet was like a nucleus encased in a cell membrane.

anti-cell burning in sunlight

A huge amount of gas was emanating from the skin.

Chee Hee Hee!

Trillions of objects burned per second, but they divided into many more cells, and the cell membranes grew thicker.

The sunlight that illuminated the world by causing diffuse reflection within the slime gradually weakened.

"Shirone!"

under that gray sky.

"me : yes!"

Yahweh and Buddha were engaged in a dogfight while flying at a speed of over 40 Mach.

'Photon Cannon!'

Depending on the angle of the turn, their range moved between 400 and 1,200 km.

"Sermon."

At the center, tens of thousands of flashes and swords of light were intersecting.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

With her wings flapping, Shirone evaded the sword of light flying from beyond the horizon.

Nane was invisible, but his sermons were speaking instead.

'No, it's me.'

You can't close it like this.

'There will be pain. Can't someone else do it for me Maybe he wants to die.'

Because Shirone also lived such a life.

'But you're living again like this. Even if it's painful... ...

Hand of God - Photon Cannon.

"There can be any number of happy days!"

A huge flash like the sun traveled 700 kilometers in an instant and reached Nane.

you put it together

"River! dog! nine! jin! green onion! Heat! pole!" The harmony of the sermon turned into a huge sword and blew up the photon cannon.

"middle! Heat! radish! rain! dragon! roo!"

Then, the vibrating sword increased as much as the number of vibrations and fired.

"yes."

I know too.

'I must have been happy when I was born. Whether he saw a clown perform or held hands with a lover.'

but someone

'I'm starving. Being humiliated! getting sick! Killed for no reason!'

Nane's attack intensified.

"I don't know if he will come or not! Just to receive and eat that one drop of happiness!"

If it were middle school students waiting with their mouths open, enduring all sorts of pain.

"Rather than the harsh fantasy of happiness, isn't it the right way to abandon greed and anxieties and take in free tranquility?

The ignorant sermon is shot.

Kwak Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwam!

An explosion sounded over the Republic of South Eymond, probably where Shirone was.

The people of South Eymond watched the rain of swords with fear and wonder.

The sword of the sermon was so shiny that I couldn't even see the scene where it was stabbed by Shirone.

"Hey, Yahweh."

they know

In the final return, Shirone embraced the sins of the whole world with love.

"Whoa."

The smoke in the sky cleared, and Shirone, engulfed in the Miracle Stream, uttered a low voice.

"me : yes."

Negotiation is impossible anyway.

"It is not us who decides that."

"Quack!" Harvits has evolved endlessly.

coup

Death fields spread all over the place, and the resistance army struggled with the pain of becoming charcoal.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Havitz, who holds the universe in his body, declared with his arms wide open.

"I am a God! I can do anything I want!"

right, mom?

If it weren't for Wizards, this annoying world would be destroyed.

"charge! Don't stop!"

Although dealing with Havitz was a terrible pain, the resistance did not back down.

"Keuuugh!"

pain! pain! pain!

Between the real and the fake, the meaning of good and evil has already faded.

"Be patient! Hold on! I can win!"

Only pain was proving this moment.

"Havitz!"

Miro's Thousand-Armed Kannon hit Havitsu's body with 120 million hits.

Puff puff puff puff!

"I believe in God!"

Eden joined hands and prayed, spreading a huge shield over the entire radius.

"I think it will work!"

As Harvits slammed his hands down again, an even stronger pain spread across the field.

Again, with human screams spreading out like concentric circles, Gaold threw himself.

'Don't mock.'

Gaold's hair began to bleach as he slammed the ground with both legs.

'Don't mock humans.'

Even knowing the great pain ahead, he took another step towards it.

It is said that the screams of humans desperately struggling to live are quite beautiful.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Miro thought.

"Gaold!"

Huge atmospheric pressure hit the ground, and Havitz's face was crushed like a porridge.

-It hurts j

thud! thump thump thump!

Kang Nan bit his lip in the midst of the endlessly pounding air press, and tears welled up in his eyes.

'It must be painful.'

Life runs over you.

As if thrown into the boiling water of good and evil, life itself was fluttering.

'Something like pain... ...

Gauld's eyes turned completely upside down.

"It's just pain."

"Stop talking nonsense!"

Havitz finally realized Gaold's characteristics.

'That guy gets stronger the more he gets sick. And... ...

There is no limit to pain.

'then.'

A white hole opened in Havitz's eyes, and a pure white beam hit the ground.

Pain code 17 (test version). Hot steam rises from the earth, and pain that does not exist in this world explodes.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

As Eden's defenses melted, air bubbles began to form in people's bodies.

Harvits shouted.

"Did you think you would win?"

Because you are right, because you are good, because there are no holy places for devils.

"I thought I could beat God!" Havitz's huge hand gripped Gaold, and a great pain went through his brain.

"ugh... ...

That scream... ... .

"Quaaaaaaaa!"

It was a terrible and desperate sound that made the listener feel cold.

Miro ran away in tears.

"Gaold!"

Tears of blood were also flowing from the incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin that filled the sky.

210 million hits. As many as 370 million blows, terrible pain flowed through the incarnation to Miro.

Gaold.

Miro thought.

'Why are we so hard? Can't I just live like everyone else?'

'It's a maze.'

He was also thinking of Gauld, who was screaming in Havitz's grasp.

'Living is painful. Because each person lives with one burden.'

'You mean it's not more painful than them?'

'Let's believe that.'

If you deny even that... ... .

Gaold raised the pain threshold with all his might.

"Aaaaaaa!"

What will be left of our lives?

Cuckoo coo coo coo!

Havitz's body gradually flattens under the frantic air press.

"Big."

Finally, with a thump, he fell flat at Gaold's feet again.

"Currure... ...

The resistance group, whose body parts had turned to charcoal, stared blankly at the scene in front of them.

"Go, Gaold."

Gaold, who was staggering in the center, vomited and slowly turned his head.

His eyes were completely open, and red blood was pouring from the pores all over his body.

"Howdy??????

Seeing Miro's weeping face without even thinking about wiping away his tears, he giggled.

"Since I live, I see you crying because of me?"

my idea

"autumn'......

Miro's heart sank.

The light in Gaold's eyes, which had been shaken in shock, began to return to normal at a rapid pace.

Those were the eyes of a determined person.

"Please come back."

Miro's head moved left and right involuntarily, and Gaold looked at Havitz.

"Can you tell me why you can't move?"

"Kureu! you... ...

"To beat me, you have to hurt more than me."

His tone was calm, but his face was already convulsing with nervous shock.

The maze was terrified.

"Gaold, wait."

"It's fine."

While shivering as if he was about to explode, Gaold tried to smile.

"Because suffering is lonely."

Cannot be divided, cannot be passed on.

'I really don't know. I wonder how hard it is for me too.'

I've never, and probably never can, measure the pain of another person.

'One thing is clear.'

Regardless of whether a person is strong or weak, a person who pursues goodness has a strong sense of responsibility.

4N...'

Living with an unbearable burden.

"no! Gaold!"

Miro held out his hand and came running, and Gaold slowly closed his eyes as he prepared for the last.

"So me too... ...

pain - infinity.

"It doesn't hurt that much." air press.

At the same time as the magic was activated, Gaold's form sank into the depths of the underground.

same time. Taeseong suddenly crouched down on him and grabbed his head.

'It's the strongest ever.'

As if foreseeing what was to come, Lethe looked at her with a tired expression.

Taeseong let out a scream.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Tremendous vibrations occurred at one point, and Richard watched a tremendous pillar of fire on the screen.

'The maximum threshold that this world can give. And the power of magic that comes out of that threshold... ...

Satan was also close.

I've probably sung a thousand songs and played more than that.

support support! support support!

Divine transcendence was still valid, but Ranstin now had no songs left.

'Repeat is impossible.'

Samantha's control would weaken.

'Still, he endured.'

The man's face that came to mind at the last moment that was about to come was ironic.

'Pannier.'

Thirty percent of the songs he played were composed while he was working with Panier.

'I thought I'd never take it out again.' When I actually played it, it wasn't bad, no, on the contrary, I quite liked it.

'I must have known.'

That person.

Lin couldn't sing.

Her vocal cords, which had saved her throat like life, had completely ruptured and she could not make any more sounds.

'Why did I insist?'

All those experiences, the fact that countless times are making you who you are now.

'If only I had known a little earlier.'

Ranstin smiled for a while, but the guitar melody began to soften.

Sensing the change, Rin's eyes softened.

go.

"Ohhhh. Oh oh."

Ranstin sang.

"Ohhhh. Oh oh."

It was just an eight-bar melody without lyrics, but it was definitely different from the previous one.

To my daughter, to my wife, to Panier, to all the people in the world who have been angry.

"Ohhhh! Oh oh!"

It was sincerity expressed through voice.

A miracle happened when Ranstin's voice spread to the world on the Anticell.

"what'?"

A lot of people started looking at the sky.

And the music also flowed deep underground where the survivors took refuge.

A song to sing with all your heart.

oh oh Oh oh.

Having heard all of Ranstin's music so far, Panier's lips went up.

'Yes, that is your soul.'

oh oh Oh oh.

Panier, who was deeply inhaling his cigarette, looked up at the ceiling and murmured quietly.

"... ... Where is the contract?"

The song is over.

Perhaps because he was satisfied, Ranstin released his alter ego, the guitar, and threw it to the ground.

All that remains is Anticell's all-out attack.

Rin, who calmly watched as the rain of countless cells fell, turned around.

because I already told you everything.

No words were needed, and the two hugged each other and shared a deep kiss.

And.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

The cell buster devastated the ground.

Air press explosion area.

Thanks to Taeseong desperately blocking it, the resistance forces suffered little damage.

Cyrano grumbled.

"Crazy. I told you not to come around, did you mean to blow up the whole city?"

Rufist said.

"Anyway, it's definitely the greatest explosion ever. It would be nice if this was the end of Satan... ...

So far there has been no movement.

"I'm in trouble!"

Nade and Iruki, who were fighting demons in another area, ran to them.

"What is going on?"

"sky. Look at the sky."

After the smoke cleared, what they confirmed was an innumerable number of anticells.

"... ... Right."

Judging by the number of objects, it would not have lasted even an hour.

"Iruki!"

Flames gathered in the air, and Amy, who had turned into an incarnation of fire, appeared.

"The music has stopped! We will invade soon."

"We know. But... ...

"I'll block it."

It was also burned by the sun, so Amy's flames must also work.

"All of that?"

Amy, who looked at the sky, was also dizzy.

"You can't completely stop it. Let's make a filter by spreading a thin layer of flame. Even if you block only seven out of ten, you can buy time."

Iruki nodded.

"Then I will find a way with Fermi. Let me last as long as possible."

"okay."

Amy flew up and witnessed the cells pouring down from the North Pole.

"Oh my gosh."

However, her incarnation was also at the level of accepting the phoenix from the sun.

"As far as possible... ...

And wide, her body turned into a veil of fire that began to cover the planet.

Hearing the roar of Gaol'd's explosion, Ikael looked towards the temple.

'It's tremendous power.'

It was when Taeseong's durability was taken into account.

Ashur said.

"If you want to check, I will keep it."

At that moment, the landscape was crumpled and the true voice appeared beyond the boundaries of space.

"Angel, it is urgent."

Behind her, a brown-skinned woman and a man with a sword stood side by side.

It was Maya and Cayden.

"Soon the cell busters will invade the ground. We need to take measures before that."

Ikael asked at Jin Seong-eum's words.

"Is there a way?"

Maya said.

"My friend Fermi, no, anyway, asked me to sing instead of the guitar man."

"Song?"

As far as Ikael knew, the song that had stopped Anticell so far was a kind of magic.

"Can you stop too?"

Maya shook her head.

"Nope. But God hates this incident. Because Fermi said he saw the information of the future. Of course now

It doesn't seem like the future I knew."

Ikael looked back at the battlefield and thought

all.

'Uriel.'

No matter what she did, Uriel's will would continue.

"Rather than helping those who are fighting now

Would it be more helpful to help them?"

"Yes. Only Ikael can do this

yeah."

"??????what?"

Maya tightened her eyes and said.

"Amplify the song, please."

to spread all over the world.

The smoke from the explosion cleared, and the rebels despaired of seeing it floating in the sky.

- Ha ha ha ha!

It wasn't the usual hideous figure, but a figure with white skin like a nameless.

"It's called the base type."

"Aren't you scratched?"

Even that was hopeless, but the strong including Miro recognized it at a glance.

'It's gotten stronger.'

-Okay, bugs? What kind of existence am I? I saw the god that everything is possible. As Harvits opened his arms, things like fish eyes flowed over his white skin.

Calamity code 23 (test version).

The body swelled enormously and turned into a ghastly monster with tens of thousands of eyes.

-Then where... ... .

"You son of a bitch!"

And the next moment, Miro started running alone, raising her eyes of hatred.

The moment when the space of Jinseongeum is connected.

Demon Sword - Biseom.

Cayden's sword slashed through space at a tremendous speed, defeating the surrounding Anticells.

"hurry!"

Unlike Kitaru Man, Cayden had no choice but to widen the radius with a thin sword.

The two people who once sang to the whole world disappeared without a trace.

'thank you.'

But Maya intuitively found where they sang.

Ikael shrugged.

"Get started. I don't know much about singing, but I hope I can convey your feelings."

Maya nodded and closed her eyes for a moment.

Cayden's battle and Ashur's preparations for transfer are gradually getting farther and farther away.

In a state of perfect concentration and with all her heart, she began to speak.

oh oh Oh oh.

It was the posthumous work of Kitaru Man.

The battle between Buddha and Yahweh became more rapid.

Their circumnavigation of the planet passed through as many countries as their journey.

Through Tormia, Kazra, Ferris, Biden, and Jive, to Kashan's desert.

"Yahweh."

And each time the flash passed, people came out and turned to the sky.

A song heard from somewhere.

oh oh Oh oh.

The melody was the same, but the voice belonged to a woman much softer than before.

"You sing well."

People around agreed.

"Good song."

that too.

After a while, someone shyly spoke up.

"Ohhh... ... Oh oh."

Starting with that, they sang along one by one, and finally everyone in the street sang in chorus.

10 to 100, 100 to 1,000.

Ohhh! Oh oh!

Tormia, Kazura, and Biden. Jincheon, Nambang, Iron, Kessia, Yakma, Paras, etc.

Shirone and Nane searched the ground at the voices that spread simultaneously from all over the world.

'This?'

What the two realized at the same time was information about the future of Apocalypse that had now been erased.

'The song of all mankind.'

At that time, God frustrated humans, but now the Veron problem has been solved.

'The future can change.'

Shirone clenched his fists.

'If everyone decides not to fight, it magically happens.'

It seems so easy, but something that has never been achieved in human history.

Ohhh! Oh oh!

said Mika.

- Detection of Ultima system possibilities. Consolidation rate of 2 percent. Number of participants, 54,067,984.

"mister! mister!"

Gang-Nan, who did not avoid the place when the explosion occurred, searched for Gaold.

He was wriggling in the center of the crater.

"mister!"

After confirming that all of her limbs were broken, Kang Nan immediately turned around.

"Right now, people... ... !"

"I had a dream."

Gaold looked calm.

"I was with her. It was a happy dream. We built a cabin in the woods, I hunted, and she cooked. I have a wolf that goes hunting with me, and I really liked him."

Kang Nan smiled.

"... ... It was a wonderful dream."

"When I woke up, I felt a little empty. I miss that dream But that didn't work."

Gaold looked back at Kang Nan.

"If this is a dream, I will have to miss this place again. Whether it's reality or a dream, I just have to live the moment I am at my best."

Kang Nan nodded while shedding tears.

"yes."

autoreciprocal mutation.

Wasn't the reason why he was able to withstand countless shocks because of his superhuman will?

Maybe decades more, maybe it'll be over in just a few minutes.

Even if there is only one second left, he will do his best to live here.

"thanks."

Kang Nan was satisfied with that.

"Do not worry about it."

Gaulde, who took the pain of infinity, felt what an ordinary person feels.

"Because it doesn't hurt anymore."

The air was sweet for the first time.





final chapter (5)


Hatred welled up in Miro's eyes.

"Gaold... ...

someone like you

Although the form of Harvits evoked fear to the point of nauseating the viewer.

"Yaaaaa!"

In Miro's eyes, he was just an object of anger that he wanted to kill right now.

Harvits burst into laughter.

"Uhhhhh."

Because the power of disaster code number 23 is too strong.

Even though it was a test version, it was a power that no one in this world could touch.

"Die aaaaaa!"

Each of Havitz's scales, which looked like a giant fish, was separated as a single entity.

Like fish swimming through the air, tens of thousands of individuals turned around like schools of anchovies.

Miro didn't mind.

'Gaold.'

If there is a reason to love someone, there is no reason why Miro does not love Gaold.

'Where are you?'

The man who miraculously appeared and smiled at the most difficult moments was no longer there.

'it's annoying.'

The fact that there was no one else to be annoyed with made Miro truly annoyed.

Tears are flowing.

"Thousands Arms Guanyin."

The thousand-armed incarnation of Kannon struck Havitsu with the most furious expression.

"Aaaaaaa!" Thousands Arms Guanyin-Gwangmajang.

1.37 billion hits per second is probably the size of her hatred.

"Aww! Aaaaaa!"

The hand of Kannon beat Habitz.

"Hehe."

Impacts coming from all directions took no damage to Havitz.

"I am invincible." If someone applies this code to the real world, that world won't be sustainable.

Because that unsustainable cause will be transformed into a result and ruin the outside world.

"I am a god!"

Harvitz's use of force was a clear taboo and proof that he was not a god.

Kaaaaaa!

The sound of tens of thousands of fish screaming hit Miro's eardrums.

"Die!"

The enraged Thousand Hands Guanyin was also waving its arms, cutting the segment of time to the limit.

"No!"

Eden shouted.

"We need to dry Mr. Miro. Feel like this...

The death of the polar line, of course, only transformed Havitz into a stronger being.

Sein said.

"I know. But, you can't run away. Do you mean just die?"

"Mr. Miro."

Eden looked back at Satan and bit his lip.

'strong.'

To be honest, even now I was afraid of what he could do to me.

"No, I am not afraid."

She took a deep breath and ran to Satan.

"As long as God keeps me."

Because as long as the power of love exists in this world, you will always be invincible.

"Oh God."

Eden draws the name of the Jordanian religion and blocks between the labyrinth and Satan.

"Kuaaa!"

The moment Satan roared and flew in, and the half-charred maze tried to counterattack.

"I believe in God!"

Eden knelt down and spread the shield.

"The value of good is right, the lie of evil is unclean, and the seed of love will spread in this land!"

"Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha!"

Satan's body disintegrated like tens of thousands of blades and struck the defenses of Eden.

Kang! Kang! Kang! Kang! Kang!

Her body trembled at the tremendous power, but Eden never averted her gaze.

"Jorah's trinity of faith, will, and love! Give me infinite power... ... Kyaaaaaaa!"

Kaka Kaka Kaka!

Miro's hair stood on end at the sound of Eden's scream in the middle of the prayer.

Harvits shouted.

"I am God!"

Miro, who had been glaring at Satan who had scratched Eden and ascended to heaven, lowered his eyes.

"Eh, Eden."

Knock. Knock.

Eden lowered her head with her hands clasped, bleeding from wounds all over her body.

Havitz, who returned to the base type, said.

"Are you stupid, do you still believe in God? Whatever god you believe in, I can make even stronger ones."

The white skin was stained black.

"I mean something like this."

-Unauthorized Level 1 Code: Black Day.

Not even for testing purposes.

A disaster that had to be made just because it could be made, and was absolutely unnecessary in this world.

"Uhhhhh."

Havitz took pleasure in the immense freedom of his existence.

"So much fun."

Like a total solar eclipse, a ring of light formed around the rim of the body that had grown into a sphere.

Light and darkness, plane and solid, an embodiment that completely ignores the logic of this world... ... .

"it's okay."

It expanded to an enormous size and rushed toward the ground in the shape of a devil.

"I will kill them all."

The reason why Havits, who can end the world at any time if he wants, has endured so far.

"Wizard. This is all your responsibility." And the reason why the wizard did not reveal itself to him until he endured the pain.

people realized

"... ... finished."

It was to avoid making Harvitz like that.

"We are done."

Terraforce was right.

What fell into their world was an absolute existence that could not be denied by any logic.

so the end... ... .

"Yaaaa!"

... ... At that time, when everyone accepted, Miro, who had healed Eden, rushed to Habitz.

"Thousands Arms Guanyin."

Her incarnation, which was reborn, had benevolent eyes unlike a moment ago.

'It was foolish.'

- Hold on.

As the Supreme Court said.

'Even fighting evil and winning is the method of evil. Good does not defeat evil.'

Because evil is also man-made.

"A line is... ...

As the most basic right, to keep the place as the truth without a doubt.

"immutability."

Because they are not swayed by any logic, they can rely on them beyond time and space.

"Jeongmyeong."

It is a ray of light that can return even if you get lost in the infinite methodology.

"Forever."

It is the power that can endlessly maintain the sanctuary of goodness that evil can never have.

"I do not overcome evil." What is a polar line?

"Forever in this place, most correctly."

The two arms of the Thousand Hands Guanyin turned wide and joined together, and then separated into a huge afterimage.

"I just keep the good."

All Heaven Projection - Thousand Arms Guanyin Chomangla.

Follow me, follow me!

A huge number of chapters formed a barrier to block Havitz's attack.

"Stop talking nonsense!"

Havitz's body, which tried to squeeze through every gap in the signal, was blocked by the wall.

'There is no blind spot in my mind.' The strongest defender of mankind, the defense of the labyrinth, the resistance fighters burned their will.

"Now! attack!"

Since it is evil created by humans, it is the principle of the world that humans must judge.

"These wormy humans!"

In fact, those who looked as small as ants were inflicting wounds with swords and magic.

'Why are you doing this to me? Don't you hate being sick?'

pain.

He must have been someone he never wanted to touch, but he was no longer afraid of anyone.

"haha."

Harvits laughed.

"You are talking nonsense."

His hand stretched out and attacked Fleur's body as she cast the phoenix.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

It was a sign of pain.

"Yeah, I remember. You were a fun kid too."

I remembered that Fleur's heart was quite thick when I heard it right after Geith's assassination.

"You don't even have to talk bullshit."

The worst pain a black day's existence could cause penetrated Flew's body.

"Ah ah ah ah ah! Ah ah ah ah ah!"

Tears of blood flowed from her eyes as she leaned back on her knees.

"Hee, hee!"

The sight and the fear they imagined made the resistance of the resistance waver in an instant.

Harvits burst into laughter.

"haha! Look! You guys are all the same anyway! If it's right and sleep, if you beat it... ...

"Kkoaaaaaaa!"

"All the same!" As Havitz pressed harder, blood gushed from Flu's nose, ears, and mouth.

"Fl, Mr. Flu."

The face of the resistance fighter turned pale at the sight of him wriggling with all of his bodily fluids drained out.

" In addition?"

they were startled

"Who else is coming? The one standing in the front is the winner. Let's see... ...

"Keugh!"

He wants to step back right away, but if he backs down, someone has no choice but to be sacrificed.

'But... ... I never want to suffer.'

"haha! It took."

Flew gradually regained consciousness as Havitz's hand moved toward a soldier.

' sick.'

It was an indescribable pain.

'Mr. Gaold.'

But Flu knows.

A man who has lived through much more than this, possibly overcoming pain that has no limits.

'I won't die.'

Because Gaold has already proven it.
' Don't 
arbitrarily define the limit of human beings .'

As Fleur slowly raised herself, Harvits and everyone's eyes focused on her.

" I??????

Blood was dripping, and the features of the bleeding that had occurred had significantly deteriorated. "She was a professional who was loyal to the country and the people.

"The chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association!"

Silence passed.

After a while, all the resistance fighters shouted and rushed towards Satan.

"Wow! Go! let's fight!"

Passing by Fleur, who passed out while standing still, Lufist conveyed it in his heart.

'Flu, you are a second-class special promotion.'

"this??????

The mouth of Habitz, who took the form of a black devil, was torn.

"Beggars!"

Now, without specifying anyone, hundreds of shadows hit the ground.

"die! die! die!"

Screams echoed through the sky, and Miro cast all his strength into incarnation.

'difficult.'

to protect everyone.

'I have to endure.'

Even in a situation where many people were dying, she tried not to despair.

"little bit more... ...

The afterimages of Thousand Arms Guanyin are increasing.

"little bit more."

Her eyes curled up as she blocked Satan's attacks at a rate of one billion hits per second.

"ah??????

The spirit of cowardice has passed the threshold of samadhi.

My consciousness sank into the abyss, and I thought that maybe I would never return.

'I'm going to hold on.'

The moment she is about to give her last spur of samadhi to defend the line to the end.

'uh'?'

Something shimmered between the defensive walls of the Thousand Hands Guanyin.

'what?'

It was a huge, transparent tree, protruding its tongue all the way to the ground.

'Welcome?'

Otherwise, breaking through the square is... ... .

"Chogong."

Then someone's voice is heard.

"Wolja Musangshin."

next moment.

"Kkoaaaaaaa!"

Everyone suddenly found Satan screaming and sliding across the ground.

"uh?"

Incomprehensible to anyone, a 7-year-old girl ran to Havitz.

Miro muttered.

"... ... Wizard."

A person created by all events in history, who exists by breaking through the odds of 1 in billions.

' genius.'

The final weapon of humanity has arrived.

Ohhh! Oh oh!

As the song resonated all over the world, Mika delivered the population figure with a sense of portrait.

-Participating objects 380,342,341 people.

About 14 percent.

'I can't do this.'

The power of Elikia made from the song of the south is great, but the one I'm facing now is me.

'If it's not 100 percent, it's useless.'

Is it possible?

Indeed, that all mankind, for just one moment, had one mind.

O......

'Are you tired.'

It came as a huge barrier to Shirone, who knew Omega's history.

oh oh Oh oh.

Nane heard a song that made the world cry.

"Shirone."

A cold god would make decisions based on probabilities, but he had a heart.

"It can't last forever, you know."

It was heartbreaking, but pitiful for the pain they would have to go through in the future.

On the other hand, Louver, the manager, was mechanical.

Entering Dremo, he summoned a dreamer from the core where mankind's dreams gather.

"Activate Samong."

Not as much as when he was hit by the Death Field, but fear would divide mankind.

"And those who are awake?"

"doesn't care. Hand over access."

"All right."

Mong-ah's face was grotesquely distorted, and dreams of death began to spread to Drimo.

"This world must be closed."

Just as Louver's words blended into the dream, de Limo's core began to vibrate. Deed Deed Deed!

"This?"

It was a very distant past for mankind, but it was a very clear sense of deja vu for the manager.

"Jorahhan's... ...

Miro gave first aid, but Eden still couldn't wake up from his dream.

Even though he couldn't stop Harbitz, he didn't succumb to evil until the very end.

- Yora.

She inherited the spirit of invitation.

- See my dream.

The life of Yorahan, which Shirone had seen, entered quickly through real time.

'ah??????

And when he regained half consciousness, Eden realized what he had to do.

beep! beep!

Eden appeared in front of Louver in the scenery where the entire Drimo was shaking.

"What are you doing?"

"It is to destroy your nightmares. Yohann is... ... I want this world to be happy."

"Krrrr."

The dreamer with two dark eyes threatened, exposing shark-like teeth.

Eden wasn't scary.

"I bet you know that too. That Yorahan's dream can never be stopped

Of course I know.

It was to the extent that Louver, one of the managers of the five major systems, reached a compromise with both hands and feet.

"Okay, I will."

It was the same this time too.

"Stop dreaming as you wish. So, please refrain from sending lore dreams as well."

"Whoops. Yes, Jorahhan was a good person."

Eden's smile disappeared.

"But I'm a bad-tempered Yora, you liar."

A dream come true.

"No eh eh eh!"

Louver reached out his hand and scattered into the light, and at the same time, the dreamer's shape disappeared.

Looking at the wizard standing in front of his eyes, Harvits was most excited.

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Wizard, Wizard.

"Do you know how long I waited? Because of you, I'm still here because I can't leave."

"Know. But I hate you."

"Hehe, yes."

you fucked me

"I like you though. Why do you hate me in the first place? How gentle I was to you. You followed all the rules of the game. More than anything, we had fun." Havitz, the Black Fiend, opened his arms and said.

"I just did what I wanted to do. I mean, anything can be done here. Yet I listened to you Do you know how great this is?"

"I appreciate that."

"Then change your mind. I kept thinking what the heck do you want to do And I realized."

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

People's eyes widened.

"I... ...

A black shadow rose from between Harvitz's legs and soared to great size.

Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah!

Raising a huge pole similar to a male flag, Havitz spread his arms and charged.

"I mean."

what i wanted to do

- I will violate you!

The moment the devil's sharp hands fly toward the child's legs.

"I hate it... ...

The indifferent Wizard's free spirit shook.

"How many times do you say?"

1 frame missing.

"... ... I"

What did the Wizard do to Havitz during that first frame?

"ugh... ...

Even God couldn't tell, but tremendous pain began to run through Havitz's entire body.

"Kkoaaaaaaaaa!"

Satan's scream embroidered the world, and the wizard charged again, invoking an incarnation.

- You cheeky bitch!

Havitz attacked again, but one frame disappeared without a doubt.

"... ... !"

Ooh oh oh oh!

Amid much more terrible pain than before, Satan cried out with tears of blood.

'what'?'

why does it hurt so much

'no! I hate being sick! Get rid of pain!'

1 frame again.

"Aaaaaaa! it hurts! It hurts oh oh oh!"

Havitz, not knowing what had happened, felt pain followed by fear.

'I can't respond. More, stronger codes!'

"Chogong."

As the Wizard threw himself, Satan covered himself with both arms and shouted.

"for a moment! that stop... ... !"

"Baekja Yoonhoe."

The next moment, the devil, who had become a rag, collapsed with his limbs spread out.

"100 million! Wow!"

Gwap, Gwap, Heukil's skin cracked open, and the rotten intestines that were filled inside it popped out.

'Sal, save me. I want to go out. It's too scary.'

Harvits cried.

'mom mom! please me... ...

1 frame.

The moment something flashed, a shock that was enough to paralyze the mind hit the whole body.

"Um, um, um."

The devil, who had become a rag in a state where the intestines in the stomach were saggy, crawled out.

"Mommy! Ummmmmmmmmm!"

People watched as the atrocious and chaotic Satan wept in terror.

Miro asked.

"Where does evil come from?"

And she said it again.

"From a farther evil."

Above the earth-crawler Satan's head, Wizard flew up with his arms outstretched.

"Wolja Musangshin."

"now stop! Because I was wrong! Please stop... ...

Evil attend.

Without sound or form, the shape of the devil was destroyed, and Habitz rolled on the ground.

"Turn it off!"

The skull was cracked open, the brain exposed, the limbs twisted, and the intestines protruding.

Wizard looked at the sky.

'Master.'

You've done what you taught me.





-Participating objects 1,358,092,587 people.


As the traditional dream spread around the world, the number of people who sang Mayan songs increased even more.

Even Gaold, who couldn't stand up, hummed a melody in a choked voice.

"Ohhh... ... Oh oh."

The operators of High Gear in the basement also sang loudly with the survivors.

"Ohhhh! Oh oh!"

Each person's personality, each person's life, and the many tones gather into one wave.





-2,451,729,157 participants in the number of participants! Finally, it became a white cry and shook the world.


Ohhh! Oh oh!

Shirone shuddered.

'I'm almost there.'

The Ultima system reach rate exceeded 91%.

and the rest.

"great! more! Come in stronger!" In the middle of the fight between Lian and Ymir, the soldiers did not dare to intervene.

Clump groaned.

'I don't think creatures fight.'

But on the other hand, the fierceness that makes you think that it is extremely biological.

Tess bit her lip until it bled.

"Lian."

The body, which could no longer be regenerated, had already burst muscles in places.

"Even my country... ...

Reina stopped as she stepped out.

"no. There's nothing we can do. It just upsets Lian's mind."

"Huh!"

Since no one intervened, Lian was able to fight like a yaksha the most.

said Clump.

"It's not cowardly. You have to acknowledge your skills. The best swordsman in the world is Lian."

best inspection.

Rye, who was watching from the outside like everyone else, savored the words.

'Yeah, you went there after all.'

Rai grabbed his sword.

'But I am too, Lian. It won't end like this.'

crossing the limits.

'I'll show you my sword.'

He glared at Ymir, then strained his eyes and suddenly kicked off the ground and ran.

"lie!"

Clump shouted, and Reina followed.

"That fool!"

Leaving behind the cries of his family, he arrived at the battlefield and grabbed his sword.

As Lian, whose leg was completely bent, knelt down, Ymir delivered a fatal blow.

Rai's eyes sparkled.

'Now!'

At the end of life, shouts explode.

"Yaaaaa!"

He slung Lian's body onto his shoulders with all the strength he could pull up.

pushed out

At the moment of collapsing sideways, Lian turned his head with a surprised expression.

'brother?'

Rai smiled softly, and Ymir's regime blew his body away.

bang! bang! bang!

All of Rye's bones were broken as he bounced off the floor at a terrifying speed.

'How is it, Lian?'

In the consciousness of being distant, Rai asked.

'Is my sword worth using?'

Reina, who watched the scene from a distance, hurriedly turned and ran towards Rai.

"Hey! Hey!"

His breath had already stopped, but his sister's face in her arms was smiling.

Reina raises her head and screams.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Aware of her crying, Lian slowly turned her head with a bewildered face.

"Quack."

Ymir said, shaking his hands.

"A flying fly got in. well, good There should be a penalty like this... ...

divine transcendence.

"uh?"

Without even feeling that something had passed, Ymir's shoulder was cut diagonally.

With a slap, Ymir, who blocked the massive flow of blood with his muscles, blinked.

A large straight sword raised diagonally was in the air.

"what?"

And... ... Lian's machine-made right arm also rose as mere steam.

A rate at which metal evaporates.

jump.

Then, along Ymir's cutting plane, an illusion as if the whole world was splitting unfolded.

hit

- Harvits, Harvits. Let's glow.

Hearing the voices of his friends from somewhere, Havits briefly regained consciousness.

'what?'

are you still here?

My head was dizzy, and thoughts inside and outside were mixing at will.

"Ugh. Uh uh."

it hurts, it hurts

And from the other side of the land that coincided with the sight, a familiar face began to walk.

'Welcome, seven-year-old boy.'

It must have been Zeta Roy, but in Havitz's eyes, he could see the figure of a smaller child.

He was limping on one of his twisted legs.

His nickname in the outside world is a seven-year-old boy. Although he was born with a congenital deformity, he seems to have been the brightest of his friends.

'You live a very difficult life too.'

Of course, with the science and medical technology there, it is easy to treat genes.

'I only need to enter the capsule once.' However, in a world where eating and breeding were prohibited, he did not receive any treatment.

In fact, everyone did.

'We have no identity. shouldn't exist. If I go back anyway, I'll just be bored.'

"Havitz."

Even though his leg was fine, Zetaro was deliberately limping with his legs crossed.

Since it was an illegal connection anyway, he might have weakened the missing link.

"Yes, Doctor."

Havitz lay down, catching the pouring intestines.

"How is my condition?"

After throwing the bag she was holding onto the ground, Zeta Law sat down next to Havitz and checked his condition.

"Hmm, that's a bit serious. But don't worry. If you stop the bleeding, you'll be fine soon."

Harvits' nostrils flared.

"Then, how should I stop the bleeding?"

Jetaro also put his hand in his bag, desperately holding back the corners of his mouth going up.

Holding a scalpel like that in reverse.

"That??????

He shared a gaze with Harvits, who had already finished preparations, and his eyes widened.

"How do I know!"

Puck, Puck, blood spurted all the way to his face every time he hacked Havitz's brain.

"Puhahaha! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Havitz burst into laughter as he died.

' Also.'

Jetaro is fun.

His expression diminished in his dying spirit, and tears welled up in Havitz's eyes.

' mom.'

Can't we just play a little longer?

'I don't want to go home... ... Havits died, and Satan was annihilated.

With the disappearance of the main system, the demons spread all over the world also completely disappeared.

"Sigh."

Zeta Law, who laughed at Havitz with all her might, looked up at the sky with a face covered in blood.

Ohhh! Oh oh!

Hearing the song echoing around the world, he put his mouth together.

" Oh oh??????

But even for a moment, he smiled as he thought about something.

Shut up!

My tarot, which had been cut with a scalpel, fell on Havitz's body.

Ymir couldn't regenerate his body.

"Big!"

Giving up his shoulders that would not come out no matter how hard he tried, he looked back at Lian.

"you... ...

Again, without even feeling, Ymir's right leg went limp.

Ymir, who was balancing on one leg, saw the great sword in motion.

'It's not the body.'

The mind is moving the sword.

"Hehe."

Ymir, whose remaining thighs inflated like balloons, tore the corners of his mouth.

"Goaaaaa!"

At the same time, Lian was hit.

The movement of Daejikdo was invisible, but the scenery was being split like a puzzle.

"Aaaaaaa!"

And Ymir's body also shrank little by little.

"Win."

The soldiers clenched their fists.

"I'm winning!"

It was a huge wonder that one swordsman had reached, but Tess' heart was torn.

"Huh! Whoops!"

Even if he swung the sword with his missing right arm, the aftermath was being applied to other parts.

Just by turning around, the muscles evaporated and the white bones were exposed.

"Tess."

Clump shrugged.

"Don't close your eyes. You must watch till the end. This is what the inspection can reach... ...

Tears also flowed from his eyes.

"It is the ultimate."

Ymir, who had only his left arm left, lifted his head while doing a handstand.

"Whoa! Whoa!"

scary.

No, are you happy?

Obviously, it was the first time his heart beat so fast during countless battles.

"This is the end."

When I put all my strength into my left arm, gravity was distorted with tremendous force.

Lian, whose tongue had evaporated, was unable to speak, but the skeleton's left arm aimed at the sword.

"Cheuk, good."

Thank you, Ogent.

Ymir's smile faded, his perfectly focused eyes sucked into the abyss.

'The strongest power.'

pop! The moment Ymir, who pushed her off the ground and flew away, extended her fist to Lian.

Divine Transcendence - Palace. Lian's body vibrated, and even the flesh and muscles that were attached to her completely stopped.

The sword was sharp.

"nice... ...

However, the power contained in the sword shattered Ymir's palace, Ultima.

"Quack."

While flying up into the sky, the disintegrated body began to scatter in atomic units.

"Yes, you are the best."

Waiting for extinction, he thought.

'You're dying.'

Oh, that means I'm dying.

'then.'

Madness fills Ymir's eyes.

"You mean I was alive!"

A final laugh echoed in the void utterly dissipated into atoms.

hahahahahaha... ... .

Crown roamed the ship.

"Stop the author! Arrest the escapees! They have a woman!"

There were combatants everywhere, and as a result of analyzing the language, Shiina seemed to be safe.

"Hmm, jailbreak."

Prison of Balance.

It seems that a division occurred inside Terra Force and took out some people.

"Even if I want to find it... ...

When the battle started again, Crown moved with an asymmetrical extreme.

"That way!"

Terraforce's sonic weapons tracked their location in an instant and shook his intestines.

"Aww!"

Rolling on the floor, he leaned his back against the wall.

'why not?'

They are obviously copying Quan's state as it is, but the enemy's response was very different.

'Am I missing something?'

No way.

Isn't it possible that someone from the outside world can't understand something in this world?

A sound was heard from afar.

- This way.

Crown had a hunch.

"Jailbreaker?"

- He has a woman. There is no time. I'll give you the location, so hurry up... ... Kut!

The sound cut out.

However, when the waves that had already been sent arrived at the brain waves, Crown was able to know the situation.

"Okay, shall we go?"

Again Quan resisted, but the crown pressed him deeply inside again.

"wait."

I think I know something.

Maya repeated endlessly.

"Ohhhh. Oh oh."

one heart.

Her song was transmitted to Ikael through Ashur's signal.

And the sound waves passed through Ataraxia and were greatly amplified and spread throughout the world.

Ohhh! Oh oh!

However, Cell Buster still threatened the ground.

Amy's flame layer couldn't catch all the objects, but rather the number increased.

Ikael looked down at the ground.

"please."

Cayden was cutting Antisel with the flash of light, but it felt increasingly dangerous.

"Keugh!"

Anticell flies to Maya through a gap in the flash.

"Ohhhh. Oh oh."

Cayden tracked it down and slashed it.

Then he moved his sword again and swept thousands at the same time with the three-dimensional speed of the light beam.

'It's fine.'

Maya was not afraid.

'Caden will protect you.'

The dazzling flashes of light moving around were beautifully illuminating Maya's eyes.

'Only with all my heart.'

to sing.

"Ohhhh. Oh oh."

And at the same time, Cayden felt his head open in the state of selflessness.

'ah?... "

magic swordsman.

'Maybe it's a good life.'

Full body jailbreak.

When I let go of the speed my consciousness was holding, the lines of light overlapped to form a perfect plane.

Maya smiled.

'wow.'

Light rain fell every time the veil was dissipated.

"Sigh. Sigh."

Kira, who was guarding the survivor's shelter, sat down against the wall alongside her summoned beast, Etron.

"The demons are alive."

A 1-star Ivory Tower villager is a powerful force, but it was worth deploying at least one.

"next. next."

The people who played card games and Lampa played the game with bloodshot eyes.

"next! next!"

The money that rotates the board gradually accumulates in Lampa, and the moment when the results finally come out.

"victor! Lampa! The winning hand... ... I" Gudio drew a dagger from the table and put it in front of Ness.

"... love."

In silence, they shed tears.

"It was the only route for Mr. Lampa to win. It's not that the kid is right."

"What is right is the human heart that chooses a child."

"yes. Therefore, in the chain reaction of good and evil, what we must protect until the end... ...

It is love.

'So what is it?' Thoughts kept wandering through Crown's head as he fled from the combatants.

'I mean love. It's for breeding, isn't it? The outside world has already seen the compromise. There is no reason to breed anymore. everything is perfect We just have to live happily together. Aren't you lonely? Because I reincarnate through the missing link.'

But why?

'Are they going to give birth there too?' As the question continues, Crown arrives at the location the prisoner told him about.

Shiina, who had lost consciousness, was being held by the Supreme Court Justice.

Crown asked.

"Why are you doing this?"

"Because Sun won. This is the first time the ruling has been overturned. But there are those who refuse."

"Pride? You guys are uncivilized too."

"Not really. The question is, how do we make a judgment about an overturned verdict? If the authority of the Supreme Court declines, good and evil will no longer be judged."

"Doesn't it matter?"

"right."

The magistrate approached.

"So you saved the woman. take it with you Humans... ... I deserve to live in this world."

"then??????

Just as Crown limped a step, a sword suddenly came out of the Supreme Court Justice's chest.

"Ouch!"

After canceling the stealth status, the combat commander appeared and drew his sword.

The chief justice collapsed and he cried out.

"God's regulations are strict! You cannot go against the Supreme Court's ruling that has already been made! In the name of God... ... !"

Raising his sword, he stabbed Shiina in the neck.

"Referee!"

? o'clock this naaaa!

At that moment, Crown was struck by a strong enough signal to lose himself.

'Keugh!'

Thoughts that passed in an instant.

'dummy! If we fight here... ...

It was the fact that Terraforce's sword was already stabbing Shiina's throat.

'it's over. It's impossible.'

No matter how exquisite Quan's movement is, the coordinates of the zero point are not distorted.

'I can't move anywhere. There is no way.'

radish

I/XW

_that's... ... .

'what?'

I hear Quan's voice.

-You think.

A huge illusion began to occur in the realm of nothingness where there was nothing.

'Ah, that's right.'

Quan, who moved along a certain coordinate that could not even be imagined, swung his sword.

The head of the Terraforce battle commander fell off, and a drop of blood formed on Cyana's neck.

"Shi, Shiina."

As Quan lifted her body, Shiina opened her eyes.

"????????Quan?"

"I'm sorry."

The clear voice brought Shiina to tears.

"What are you sorry about?"

"For making me cry."

"Just do that one more time! I don't need clowns. I need you!"

Quan shook his head.

"Love it."

The two hugged each other tightly, and Crown did not step forward.

'is it?'

Love is.

'Is it a signal originating from a place further away than the outside world?'

In the realm of infinite infinity that does not truly exist, this is where an illusion is triggered.

Holding a lover's hand, parents looking at their children, and loving this world.

All that love is happening in infinite nothingness.

'Whoops.'

Crown cut off the signals connected to this world with a bitter smile.

'I have to go back.'

And when you wake up from your dream... ... .

'I don't know if the outside world will change a little.'

Crown, connection terminated.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

The next moment the ship tilted sharply

The head of the combat commander rolled on the Supreme Court judge.

"Why?"

He asked with only his neck left.

"Why did you betray me? You broke the rules of Terraforce. You will not be able to judge good and evil."

"You still don't know?"

said the magistrate gasping for breath.

"If the verdict is overturned, it means our standards are wrong. Now the judge is human. Not us." "I make the final verdict. As of this time, humans are in God's prison... ...

The judge's breath stopped.

"release."

Then, the light in the combat commander's eyes went out, and Shiina raised Quan to his feet.

"What should I do? We have to get out quickly!"

As the weight of the ship was enormous, there was no chance to survive if it was stuck on the ground.

Kaka Kaka Kaka!

At that moment, the metal of the ceiling was torn apart, and the face of a huge dragon came in.

"Are you okay?"

It was the dragon Argan.

Before Shiina had time to reply, Argan, who had launched them, disappeared in a flash.

When the thing blocking the hole was gone, a great wind blew them outside with a large pressure difference.

"Kyaaaaaa!"

Quan caught the falling Shiina, and As Riker picked them up on his back.

"Whoa."

Poine, the venomous dragon, approached them.

"Hold on tight. It will be a little faster."

As I accelerated to great speed, the borders on the ground began to rush in quickly.

Shiina looked down at the ground.

oh oh oh

The whole world was singing.

When the Ultima integration rate reached 98%, Yahweh and Buddha arrived in the sky above the temple.

I shouted.

"Why don't you know!"

that it was only a momentary miracle.

Even if the world is maintained, humans will forget this moment again.

"kite! of! One! jean! this! Prize! texture!"

Nane resisted desperately.

"cloth! nine! mind! castle! jin! womb! you! Prize! Aaaaaa! dog! mi! enemy! under! tooth! I! ball!"

Shirone widened her eyes as she looked at the sword of light flying with the strongest power.

"Even if it's a momentary miracle... ...

As the Miracle Stream expanded, it began to destroy all of Nane's sermons.

"It's a miracle we made."

not god

In the midst of a head-on collision between the mind and the law, Mika announced the integration rate of Ultima.

-Ultima System 99.9 percent!





99.99 percent! 99.999... ...


And finally.

'come.'

mankind.

'Even a momentary miracle is fine!'

Race, gender, age, culture, history, thought, disposition, personality, politics, values... ... .

'With all my heart!'

Overcome all discrimination such as taste, language, disability, occupation, tradition, country, education, role, position, and status.

'Integrative.'

A unified mental system was established.

-Ultima System (unanimous user code).

As light rose from all over the world, it seemed as if the entire planet was enveloped in a halo of light.

Humanity who reached one heart shed tears feeling the extreme joy and thrill.

"Aaaaa! Aaaaa!"

In a world full of light, Armin knelt down and sobbed.

This world seen through the light's eye.

' I??????

so beautiful and bright

'I will draw this moment.'

It was an extreme art that seemed unattainable even if I devoted my whole life to fill it with light.

"me : yes!"

And the light comes together to perfectly match Shirone's Miracle Stream.

"We will live!"

The minds of all users became a single beam of light and completely annihilated all the swords of the sermon.

'is it?'

Nane, who was looking at the flash flying from far away, gently closed her eyes.

' I get it.'

The Buddha's realm disappears.

The next moment, a flash of light swept over Nane, and it stretched out and crashed into the anticell barrier.

Puff puff puff puff!

Argones tried to stop by increasing the density, but even that was easily pierced.

'Hearts of all users.'

Nane smiled bitterly.

'It's too much.'

It will probably fly to the end of the universe, but now there is no logic to refute.

'Goodbye.'

pop... ... .

Breaking through the extraordinarily thick barrier of cells, Nane moved farther into outer space.

"Sigh! Sigh!" Shirone, who poured all her strength into one Ultima, stumbled and landed on the ground.

"me : yes."

It can't end like this.

At that moment, the huge face of Argones protruded from the barrier of Anticell.

- Extinction code activated!

'why?'

As long as Buddha recognized Yahweh, all administrators had to follow Shirone's will.

- I can't admit it! God is with us! Human! obey me!

Countless anti-cell spills

got down

"maybe... ...

Taeseong said.

"It must have been since the first Gaians came down to this land. Argones felt fear."

"The manager is afraid."

Lethe muttered that and asked.

"... ... Is it an error?"

"Yes. Perhaps the first error among administrators. I've tried to stay undetected, but there have been quite a few times when my programming decisions have deviated from the average I know. It was cold, but it was kind. Tried to annihilate humanity, tried to protect it

Come."

"And now you want to destroy it again?"

"Feeling the fear in Gaia's eyes, he was probably confused. He was designed as a god, but perhaps he himself is a creature."

It is the manifestation of that fear.

"Whoa, then how do you stop it? That's a bug that goes beyond the user's rights."

"That too."

Taeseong said.

"It became the human share." Amy couldn't stand it when the thickness of the Argones became thicker than the flame layer.

"Whoa!"

Landing in front of Shirone, she looked up at the sky.

"It's a big deal. There is no way to stop it."

"That is an infinite multiplication algorithm. If we don't get rid of them once and for all, they will multiply again and eventually close the universe."

A situation in which the second miracle must be planned.

"Mika."

-Ultima integration rate is 94%.

'Can I make it on time?'

Anticell had already descended enough to reach the highest mountain on earth.

Tess' voice trembled.

"Lee, Lian."

A skeleton swordsman with one arm missing, as well as his skin and muscles, stood up.

He looked up at the sky, but he had no eyes, so he couldn't tell what he was looking at.

"Lian!"

As Tess tried to run, he shook his head as he pointed his sword sideways.

'Sorry, Tess.'

He should have died already.

'Anyway, I don't think I can go back to you.'

I don't know why he didn't die, but at least he knew why he was alive.

'Shirone.'

It was the knight's last conviction.

Everyone realized as Lian slowly bent his legs and prepared to swing his sword.

said Clump.

"Lian."

Tears flowed at the death of his grandson, but he felt a warm energy in a corner of his heart.

"Don't forget Ogent's sword."

I don't know if I can hear him, but Lian's head gently drops.

After a while, Lian's skeleton lifted his head again and caused a tremendous vibration.

"Ahhh."

Reina held Tess's hand as Lian evaporated while burning smoke.

"I will watch until the end."

Tess nodded while crying.

'Shirone.'

Lian said it from the heart.

'I'll open the way.'

The vibration got stronger, and his idea began to shake the whole world.

all.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

'I am Ogent Lian.'

His body evaporated completely.

'Shirone's... ...

-It's Shirone's sword!

Daejikdo, which flew at the speed of light, completely removed all the anticells that covered the planet.





pop


Seeing the sky open for a moment, Shirone and Amy made faces of surprise.

"ah?... "

It was dawning, and the blue sky caught my breath.

"Daejikdo."

It resembled the ethos of the Ogent family.

bang!

And in the next moment, <Ide 0}, which had all the anticells removed, landed in front of Shirone.

"Lian... ...

A belief that will never be destroyed.

'thank you.'

Shirone bowed in front of the sword with all respect and slowly raised her head.

"me : yes."

Right now, it has escaped God's control, but these coordinates are still connected to the outside world.

'The only erroneous coordinates in the multiverse. There's no way they'll leave us alone.'

Shirone, who made a cape out of material to cover Amy's body, grabbed her shoulder.

"I'll make a decision and come back."

As I turned toward space, Amy grabbed my wrist.

"Shirone... ...

It was a frightened expression.

"It's fine."

Shirone said.

"It's something only I can do. i have to finish will definitely come back I'll promise."

Amy shook her head slightly.

'no.'

It was because I felt anxious that if I let him go, I would never see him again.

Shirone, who smiled, dissolved into particles of light and disappeared, just like that face.

"ah... ...

All that remained in her hands was warmth.

Lian looked around.

" yes?"

It was a dark space, and a signal was shooting from far away.

"Nice, your sign."

"brother?"

When I turned my head to Rai's voice, he really stood there with a smile on his face.

"What happened?"

"As expected, you don't know."

" What?"

Rai pointed to the light.

"When you come here, you know everything. If you go into that light, it's the outside world."

"yes? So what are you going to do?"

"You cannot go."

Lian tilted her head.

"Why?"

"There are two fallacies in our world. A signal from somewhere. Hexa. And another... ...

Rai pointed at Lian.

"You."

"Am I an error?"

"Yes, Lian, you are not a user. you... ...

said Rye.

"You are Ogent."

To be precise, it was a new signal created by combining the signals of Ogent and Smille.

"Hexa can't go out to the outside world. I got Guy's signal, but the code is different. Neither do you. That's why he was the only one who was able to materialize ideas in this world. If Hexa is the signal for combining hearts, then you have reached Ultima alone."

It's called belief.

"I do not know what I mean."

"haha! Think easy. The spirit of the outside world does not dwell in the body of Ozentrai. When I dream, there are many other people besides me. Friends, family, enemies and countless backgrounds and times. In fact, all of that is me."

"That's right, reincarnation. You'll find out when you wake up from the dream. The fact that I was Rai, I was you, I was someone else, I was the wind, I was the water."

"I can't go... ...

I couldn't escape to the outside world, nor could I return to the original world.

"But why am I here?"

"Because the signal is connected."

It was only then that Lian took a closer look.

The signal coming from the outside world was connected to himself, not to Rye.

"??????brother."

"Go back to your world." Lian didn't say anything.

"You and Shirone can't go outside. I will live happily in your world."

"Your brother?"

Rai didn't answer.

"How is your brother? There is no signal, right? Then where will you go brother?"

is eternal extinction.

"It's fine. What I gave you is my signal. Ozentrai will be erased, but my existence will continue through you. Yes, like the heart."

It goes beyond dimensions.

"go back. Do you have someone you love? There is no time. Ogent Rye will soon be expunged."

Lian lowered his head, and Rai put his hand on his shoulder.

"I love all the memories from this world. My family, my life, and our family. Like everyone else, I've thrown my heart into your world. I understand?" Lian's body trembled.

"I'm sorry, bro."

It seemed as if Rye's sacrifice and his inferiority complex were due to his own existence.

"We are brothers. Whether it's black hair or blue hair, it's just a precious family. And that... ...

After waiting for a while, Rai asked again.

"You have to answer, Lian. That is... ... ?"

"Five... ...

Lian said in a hoarse voice as tears flowed.

"Ogent."

Finally satisfied, Rai smiled and hugged Lian's body tightly.

"I love you, my brother."

"brother! lie... ... !"

The shape of the lie, which no longer received signals, gradually faded and disappeared completely.

"??????brother."

At the same time, the light seen far away went far away and was sucked into the original world.

"me : yes."

In the middle of the universe, Shirone stopped Nane and created a space for conversation.

"Why... ...

The answer I had to hear.

"Why Minerva?" I didn't answer.

"say! Why was it Minerva and not Amy!"

"Thanks to you, you won't have to go out into space. I need to wake up from my dream I'll try to block it as much as possible, but I don't know when God's intervention will happen again. I'm not from a high family either."

"stop!"

Nane's body faded.

"I mean stop!"

As long as the current question is not resolved, even if the world is maintained, it will not be the truth.

"this??????!"

Shirone cast a small world changyu on Nane.

"Huh billion!"

And... ... At a different point in the history of endless regression that only the two of us knew about

stood up and unfolded

Ivory Tower.

The door opened and Nane came in.

"what? you... ... !"

"Why do you want to die?"

Minerva frowned at the strange sound.

"What are you talking about?"

"I am endlessly regressing time. And I, I loved you from the previous level. Perhaps it was Shirone's last chance to save the one she loved. Foolishly... ... I blew that opportunity myself."

"Shirone?"

Minerva's expression turned serious.

"Tell me in detail."

She heard the tremendous repetition of Yahweh and Buddha's history with Amy.

"I understand. By the way... ...

Then Minerva had another question.

"Why did you come to me?"

"It hurts me so much."

You have to kill the people you love endlessly.

"Shirone must be sick as much as I am. I have to close this world, but I don't want to put him in despair anymore. I want to compete fair and square. that's why i'm asking If you are willing to choose the ball even now, I will love you."

"how? The first time I intervened was before I met Amy. But you can remember regression. Now, no matter what time zone I choose, as long as I know my intentions, I will not give up on Emmy."

"... ... I guess so."

Said Nane with sad eyes.

"It will be repeated countless times. I will live with you endlessly in your life. could you please?"

Minerva nodded slightly.

Shirone wept.

"you."

It was.

Knowing Shirone's feelings, I also willingly responded to his feelings.

you said

"We are not fighting to win."

His sincerity has been conveyed through the small world creation, which is still connected.

"I just want everyone to be happy."

"Huh."

Actually, they were the same.

'Thing, we're not wrong. We all had the same heart.'

Nane asked with sad eyes.

"Are you going?"

"??????Uh."

"I may not be able to come back."

In order to completely block out God's intervention, the outer world and this universe must be separated.

The place where this is possible is neither the multiverse nor the outside world, but the infinite infinite infinite in the higher places.

"Guppin never came back. No, it may not have come back. True nothingness, infinite nothingness, is an unknown territory that even I cannot know. I am not sure."

"It has to be done."

The reason Nane didn't reveal Minerva was because she wanted Shirone to live.

'With Amy.'

But now that he knew the truth of others, he had nowhere to back down.

"Can you send it?"

The only way out for Hexa, who couldn't go out to the outside world, was Nane, who was connected to God.

I, too, would have their information expunged, but he was willing to sacrifice himself for this world.

"yes."

Shirone closed her eyes, and Nane handed over all of her signals to Hexa.

A rush of electricity unfolded in the heads of the two, and they disappeared from space in an instant.

Shirone, leaving the photon field.

Tess ran.

"Lian!"

Kneeling next to Daejikdo

In the posture, Lian blinked for a long time.

'dream?'

No, it's not like that.

'You're back.'

Tess hugged Lian, and people looked away from his naked body.

"Hey! Put some clothes on! what's this?"

When Tess, who realized it belatedly, hurriedly fell, her friends burst into laughter.

Amy, who was smiling together, was suddenly overcome with emotion for no reason.

"iced coffee."

Tears flow down.

The world trembled slightly, and Taeseong and Lethe appeared above their heads.

"As of this time, connection to the outside world has been cut off."

buzzing sound.

"Hexa separated it from the higher dimension. There are no managers in this world anymore."

It is out of God.

"We won!"

The resistance roared in victory, but Amy knelt down with a dazed expression.

"What about Shirone?"

Taeseong said.

"I cannot say anything. But the Shirone I know won't give up easily."

said Tess, weeping.

"don't worry. Shirone will definitely come back to you. I bet you."

Amy wiped away tears.

"yes. I'll believe it. So never cry You promised me, come back. And I remember Shirone. It means it hasn't been expunged."

The Akashic Records were also cut off, so I can't be sure, but I wasn't one to break promises.

Taeseong said.

"Congratulations. You have suffered all this time. Your hearts are really nice."

Lethe winked.

"We will disappear, but the system will remain. Don't hate me too much and take care of me properly."

The sun rose higher, and their sunlit forms disappeared into transparency.

"It is over."

Lufist came to Pony.

"As the leader of the world map country, please say something."

As people gathered one by one, Pony declared it to the world with a determined expression.

"Everyone! The war is over. We defeated evil and saved the world. Now, mankind will escape from the rule of God and live a history written by human hands.

Will be."

People's eyes shone.

"Everyone!"

Pony clasped her hands and shouted.

"We have the power to change the future with our will. Let us go to the end so that we can pass on the peace we have achieved today to future generations!"

"Waaaaaaa!"

Another omega ended with a future completely different from what God intended.

And people greeted the first morning of the history that mankind will write down in the future.

A.D. 1 year.





final chapter (6)


September 27, 6 years.

Six years have passed since mankind broke away from the divine law.

It is a miracle that will remain in human history that there has been no official war since the beginning of time.

Experts have called it an obsession with purity.

"Who will commit the crime first? Which country did the first offender come from? This is a problem. It is to avoid the title of first villain."

the reporter asked.

"Is it because mankind has not matured, but simply because they do not want to break their perfection?"

"Humans are creatures of desire. Maybe even now, there are crimes happening where you can't see them. Certain countries may block information. But I don't think it will last long. The moment the first evil officially appears in the world, not to mention the second and third."

Three years ago, an official murder case occurred.

The killer, a 32-year-old lawyer named Ripper, told the judge in court:

-I wanted to be the first.

Humans are so strange.

As expected by experts, crimes were reported from all over the world, but the arrest rate was also quite high.

That's how the world went.

It came down from the spirit of 100% integration, but not that much... ... .

to an ordinary daily life.

"I'll be back!"

Amy, who took off her military uniform and put on a dress for the first time in a long time, stumbled on the porch.

"Puhahaha!"

Ares burst into laughter.

"They say falling is a skill, so it's really perfect. Don't call me red face anywhere."

"shut up. This dress is too uncomfortable."

"Wear it roughly. Ugly."

"Wanna die? How long will your brother stay at home? Go out and do some work, work!"

"Nope? The money you give me is enough

Because."

"Is that what you say to your sister? Oh, I don't know. Anyway, I'll be back, so take care of yourself and eat."

Even in the midst of her busy schedule, Amy did not forget to fix her hair while looking in the mirror.

Ares laughed bitterly.

"I am."

I understood my sister's heart.

He turned back to the newspaper and read the full page of the scoop.

-Yahweh! Flying in the direction of Tormia from the south! At the wedding of the principal of the alma mater

Are you attending?!

'Shirone.'

He folded the newspaper and looked at the ceiling.

"Amy will cry at this rate."

Reporters from all over the world had already gathered at the main gate of the magic school.

"I'm going to die of embarrassment!"

Today's heroine, Vice Principal Olivia, sighed in a white wedding dress.

"Why? It would be nice to be congratulated."

Alfeas, who was wearing a tuxedo, was unharmed.

"Are you kidding me? It's embarrassing to get married when you're old, but they're not here because of me!"

"Huh, it's an honor. The best talent from our school is coming." Olivia couldn't deny it either.

"You're not even sure. Even if we departed from the south yesterday, there are several countries in the central continent."

It is estimated that three years ago when Shirone returned to this world from the realm of infinite infinity.

The reason for the presumption is that there were only a handful of acquaintances who met him as well as official invitations.

Alpheas said.

"We don't know, what it means to come back from infinite nothingness. I wonder if it was a gigantic emptiness on a different level from waking up from a dream."

"I haven't lost my mind. Even now, you are working hard to rebuild the world with the 12 apostles. Mr. Vincent also said it was the same as usual."

"So it's a question."

I'd rather understand if I heard rumors that people are different from before... ... .

'What did you see, Shirone?' from true nothingness.

Olina asked.

"Would you like to come home?"

Currently, Shirone's mother, Ikael, is also staying at the Vincent couple's house.

"If you are coming to Tormia, that would be the case. Because I never missed a visit."

said Vincent.

"I am, indeed. The people of the world are too much. Just like my son has to take responsibility for the whole world."

Olina sighed.

"I am more concerned about that. I mean Amy. They acted like they couldn't live after they both died."

"maybe... ...

Ikael thought so.

"Everything would have gone back to nothing. A dream, an illusion, even a heart. It will take time for all of that to fill up. But you'll get it back eventually. The most important reason why you should be in this world."

Just like Guffin sent Hexa for Ikael.

Shirt.

"The material is taken out to the vacant lot. The warehouse here is full and there is nowhere to go."

Jiangnan, who returned to his hometown, was rebuilding southern civilization.

"mister! If you go over there... ... !" Amidst the chaos of the construction site, I saw a familiar face.

"uh?"

Sein smiled and approached.

"Wow! It's been a really long time! has it been a year? What, are you suddenly coming all the way to the south?"

"Because something happened. I want to see your face."

The two of them moved to a quiet vacant lot and sat on a wooden table and had a drink.

Sein asked.

"What about Shirone?"

"Yes, we left at night. I said Blitz would take me there, so I can make it on time.

There will be."

"Have you made your decision?"

"I don't know. Because I can't figure it out But she must mean going to the wedding means meeting."

"Right."

Sein asked again.

"How about you? It's fine?"

Kang Nan knew the meaning of the question.

"I'm fine, I'm fine. Because Gaold isn't sick. What could be more reassuring than that? Are you? Do you keep in touch with Miro?"

"no. That doesn't mean avoiding it though. Miro is living her own life for the first time. Not as a pole to protect someone, but as a single woman. I don't want to make you responsible for anything, at least for the time being."

" but??????

In the end, the heart of the viewer seemed to be the same.

"Are you in a wonderful love?" Sein laughed.

"maybe."

Miro said.

" go."

Gaold said.

"I'm not going."

Miro said.

"go!"

Gaold said.

"I'm not going, damn it! Why are there so many events? I finally understand Shirone."

As the protagonists of world peace, the two were traveling around the world and attending events.

"But this time, they paid a lot of money for the event. We, we don't have a single penny earned!"

"Don't get too caught up in the world."

"You sound like a secular person. It's all because you had a lot of accidents. What the hell have you been doing for a living that the Magic Association won't accept you?" Gaold replied scornfully.

"I was looking for you."

"Oh, really!"

Miro, who was angry, swung both arms and hit Gaold's side repeatedly.

"ah! bone! bone hit... ... ah!" Miro let out a sigh as he collapsed on the bed, frowning.

"What kind of man is so mean? the body is not worth it Why are you exercising?"

"Cheuk, you know."

Gaold, who was lying on his back, spread his arms and winked.

"Do you still have time?" After thinking for a moment, Miro glanced at her watch.

"It's only 30 minutes."

"Amy!"

Upon arriving at the Alpheas Magic School, where the wedding was to take place, I saw a happy face.

"Tess! Seriel!"

Lian and Fermi were also following.

said Tess.

"It's been a really long time! sorry. There was no rush because it was a promotion screening these days. How are you?"

"haha! Me too. Are you at the wedding?"

I don't know about Seriel and Fermi, but Lian and Tess had no contact with the magic school.

"of course! They say Shirone is coming! just come I'll beat you up."

"Ah, it's just a rumor, but what?" I pretended not to, but the sign of expectation was clear.

When I arrived at the ceremony, I was able to meet people I knew in the crowd.

Kanis and Arin, Maya and Caden, and Dante and Flu were also waiting in the guest seat.

And... ... .

"Amy"

It always gives me pleasure, but on the other hand it reminds me too much of someone.

"Iruki! Nade!"

Two of the foolish trio approached.

Amy asked, eyes wide as she saw the child in Nade's arms.

"no way?"

"haha! yes. I finally came out to the world. Daisy, hello. It's Aunt Amy."

Amy giggled.

"daisy? Are you my daughter?"

"yes. does it look pretty? Actually, I'm not sure because I was born not too long ago."

Iruki said.

"The odds are half and half. If you want to be like Liz, you will have to fight a fierce battle with yourself."

"You are laughing. If my daughter fights fiercely, what about you?"

Amy smiled.

'It's still the same.'

As rehearsals began, reporters gathered.

"A lot."

Knowing who they were waiting for, Amy's heart started to race too.

Shadows cast over the outdoor garden.

"Oh, that, that... ...

A gigantic blue dragon gliding through the sky landed far away.

someone's voice.

"Thank you, Blitz."

Blitz, who bowed his head politely, flew up again, showing his hooded back.

Shirone turned around with a smile.

"Yeah."

The reporters' flashes went off like mad, and tears welled up in Nade's eyes.

"city... ...

Friends ran at the same time.

"Shirone!"

"haha! how have you been doing?"

"You bastard! What the hell are you so busy with? You don't have to write a letter."

"sorry. The situation... ... what?" Shirone's face widened.

"Nade! you?"

"yes! How are you? I created before you. Daisy, Uncle Shirone."

"hi?"

Daisy smiled brightly as Shirone lifted her head.

"haha! Did you like it? After all, she has eyes for people because she is my daughter."

While everyone was talking, Amy was watching from afar.

'what? I thought something big was going on.'

It's the same.

Amy, slightly disappointed, turned around and Tess approached Shirone.

"What are you doing? Go to Amy quickly. Could it be that she didn't lose her memory in infinite nothingness or something?" Shirone only smiled bitterly.

The wedding was a little later than planned because the school sent out reporters.

When asked about her feelings, Olivia spoke of Erina, who had passed away from Alpheas.

Feelings of gratitude to her, feeling sorry for her, and responsibilities that she will carry with her until the end of her life.

Alpheas added briefly.

"That is old age love."

The guests burst into laughter, and the wedding ceremony ended with people's blessings.

And at the reception, Shirone met Amy for the first time in six years.

"Amy."

As if a promise had been made, the hall became quiet and everyone turned to look at them.

"long time no see."

"Hey, come now? Did you know that the wedding here took longer than the six years I waited for you?"

"Sorry. I needed some time to be sure. My thoughts, whether this heart is really right."

Amy asked with a pitiful expression.

"What happened?"

"In an infinite world... ...

Shirone did not speak for a long time, but the people waited without even breathing.

"I don't exist. There's nothing because I'm not there, and there's no way to explain it. I stayed like that without being there. No time, no space, nothing."

People were thrilled.

"That would be a very scary situation. However, since there is not even the thought of being afraid, it must be a perfect nothing. and then... ... At some point, I will exist in this world."

"Right."

How would Shirone feel after realizing that it was nothing after it existed?

"Even now I don't know. I am here because of what happened there. I guess it was to meet you, but I had to be sure. Otherwise, you will lose the meaning of existence by being buried in the fear of the great nothingness. therefore... ...

"Did you travel the world?" Shirone nodded his head.

"I have finished all the work of serving humanity, taking care of my family, and realizing my ideals. One by one, they were eliminated. to meet you."

It was time spent like that.

"And now I can be sure. The reason I returned from the world of infinite infinity is...

Shirone mustered up the courage to speak.

"Love it."

The illusions that wandered in the world of eternity without time, space, or even the existence of me.

"you... ...

At this moment, I was completely convinced and made me smile.

"You are my infinity."

Amy's cries leaked out in the scenery where the world seemed to have stopped.

u uh huh Whoops."

Tess looked at her affectionately as she nodded while wiping away the tears with both hands.

'That would be nice, Amy.'

As everyone watched happily, Nade clapped and said,

"now! Let's record this moment. Anyway, the next Iruki wedding will not come back."

"Puhahaha!"

Friends gathered one by one, and optical cameras that took pictures of the wedding were installed.

Amy, who finally regained her smile, looked back at Shirone and ran to her friends.

"I want to take a picture too."

"great. you stand in the middle Ferminer goes that way. Shirone, what are you doing? come fast."

"yes."

Looking at the baby laughing between father and mother, Shirone thought.

'We are.'

Someday I will travel to the stars.

"If you do one, two, three, you're shooting with Daisy. You know what?"

You will realize what is truly important in the secrets of the stars.

"okay. wow, narrow Do it quickly." Overcome discrimination and conflict and create an integrated

The day when the new system is established.

"Come on, gather around. take a picture."

At the end of the universe, you will be dreaming of another universe.

"Start. One, two, three!"

so we are forever

"daisy!"

to infinity.

Thank you for loving <Infinite Wizard>
