
[196] 1. Divine Mercy (1)





anecdotal drink.

A spell that melts humans into giants.

The idea of ??merging multiple entities into one had no room for the dignity of living things.

Creatures spread offspring. But Heaven's witchcraft was reversing the structure of such creatures.

It controls the lifespan of the subjects with the lifespan, and when the number of objects increases, it integrates them into giants to maintain the population.

If that is Ra's will, Ilhwa's sake could be said to be the core system that maintains Heaven.

Shirone and the others gathered at the table and started a meeting. The tension was heightened by the encounter with the cruel thoughts of Heaven.

First of all, it was Peope's treatment.

Kanya's house would not be safe if she left during the memory transfer and reported to the superiors.

"You have to leave right now. Peope will bring more troops."

Kanis was on the side of having to move.

Peope's skills weren't great, but it was also true that she was only one year old.

It was better to avoid combat unless you knew what abilities the other fairies might have.

"You don't have to worry too much. Shirone is a Nephilim. According to the law, the Nephilim are not affected by the law. The fairy will not harm Shirone."

Kanya, a subject, believed in the law like stone. But she had no one to answer her words.

What I learned after coming here is that the Nephilim are not omnipotent. It is obviously free from the laws of heaven, but because of that, the opposition when involved in the laws was severe.

"Shirone, you decide. We will do as you please."

Amy gave the choice to Shirone. From Heaven's point of view, heresy was like a foreign substance. At least, if he wanted to do something with her, he had no choice but to put Shirone as her face madam.

"I'd rather stay here tonight. I don't think Peope will snitch on us. There's no reason for that. Besides, there is a metagate, so you can run away in the worst case scenario."

Shirone trusted Feope. Although his personality was eccentric, he reduced Kanya and Lena's lifespan to one year.

It was unlikely that she, who had a high level of intellect capable of self-criticism, would develop her work out of emotions.

More than that, Kanya was worried. Now, tomorrow, Kanya's mother will receive the anecdote's drink.

For a human being who indulges in the existence of a country for the rest of his life, it was fear to become one with other human beings.

"I can see why you were reluctant to tell the anecdote. But Kanya, do you really think so? The alcohol of the anecdote I confirmed was... ... ."

"I know, that is absurd. I know."

Kanya readily admitted.

It was a radical statement for her, who had described Ilhwa's alcohol as a sacred technique just a moment ago.

But Shirone didn't think it was strange. This is because beliefs and emotions are separate realms.

"I am not stupid. I'd be lying if I said I never doubted it. But what difference would that make? If you don't believe in God you die. If you believe in God, you will get eternal life. I don't have a choice."

Kanya spoke the word death for the first time. He knew that death existed in Heaven.

"If you are going to stay here, I will provide you with a place to rest. come here."

When the button on the distribution board was pressed, the side of the building opened and a new structure flew in and connected it to Kanya's house.

When Shirone and the others looked at each other in surprise, they said that most families had several khans.

"Whoops, Meccans love to invite guests."

Kanya's smile broke Shirone's heart.



@



That night. Kanya and Lena lay in the same bed.

My heart beat so fast, as if I was running, that I couldn't sleep.

The sisters did not cry. It was like waiting for someone to cry first.

At that moment when he was tossing and turning, Lena turned to lie down.

"Sister, will your mother not be there tomorrow?"

Kanya looked pitifully at her sister, who had lost their mother at a young age.

As I was gently stroking her hair, Lena said something unexpected.

"If it's Shirone's older brother... ... You can give it to your sister."

Kanya's eyebrows narrowed slightly. In the absurd expression, the heart that had been stabbed was also hidden a little.

"What are you talking about? Shirone is a Nephilim. How could I share my life with someone like that?"

"But my sister will never go out with a heretic. And I will never be able to meet someone like Shirone oppa again. So now is your chance Be sure to catch it."

Kanya struggled to hold back the tears. Her sister's feelings were conveyed in detail.

Tomorrow mom is not at home. Lena was eager to fill her void with her new family.

"Huh, but you like Shirone too. If Shirone becomes your brother-in-law, he won't be able to stand your personality. You will be jealous of me every day."

"Nope! I'm serious! If you are a sister, you can yield!"

Kanya laughed. Kanya knew and Lena knew she wasn't going to make it with Shirone anyway.

It was just a story of girls coming and going late at night.

As Lena burrowed like a cat in the rain, Kanya hugged her sister and kissed her on the forehead.

"Don't worry, Lena. I only have you."

Lena's eyes narrowed.

The last night was passing like that.



@



Shirone and the others rested in the room Kanya provided.

A lot happened during the day.

Shirone and his friends were lost in their own thoughts, and there was no conversation for a while.

said Tess, pretending to cry.

"Should I go back now? So many things happened in one day. Honestly, it's so hard here, really."

Other people felt the same way. How many battles were fought in 12 hours?

In addition, each of the opponents had a strength that could not be seen in the original world.

Fatigue, but also the endless secrets of heaven no matter how much you dig into them, were also a problem. His head was dizzy from the amount of information he was exposed to at once.

said Canis.

"I can't. how did you get here Arin and I must go to the 7th Heaven Arabot."

If it was just Shamine or sightseeing, I wouldn't have even tried it from the beginning.

There is no way to retrieve the metagate once you have arrived in heaven. Therefore, what they paid for the ticket was an ancient weapon.

Amy hugged the pillow and lay down.

"But isn't Arabot the place where the gods live? It's probably the hardest place to get into even in heaven. How the hell are you going there?"

"I'll take care of it, so you don't have to worry about it. If you're afraid to go, you'd rather wait here."

"What? Are you blatantly ignoring it? Can we just go back first?"

"That's even worse. If you activate the metagate here, the memories will be reset. Memories are disposable. Even if we stay, there will be no way to go back."

Amy sat up, hitting the floor with her pillow.

"what? Was it really like that? After all, if we want to go back, you mean we have to take you, right?"

"yes. Didn't you know that until now, pumpkin?"

"What, pumpkin? Have you ever seen such a pretty pumpkin?"

"I saw it. I think that's what's stuck on your neck right now."

Amy grinded her teeth. She couldn't tell if it was a compliment or an insult, but she knew it was Kanis who had her mouth shut.

Shirone hugged the pillow and sat down.

"I have no intention of going back yet. But Kanis, the timing to use the metagate should be reasonable. If anything other than survival remains in your head, you will hesitate at the crucial moment."

"Heh, I know that much. You can leave it to Arin. If it really gets dangerous, it's heaven and I'll go back unconditionally."

"by the way... ... ."

Tess propped her head up and rolled over on her side. The curves of her body from head to toe were overwhelming.

'Adult... ... I'm an adult.'

'Tess, you're an adult.'

The children's eyes were focused on one place, but Tess didn't care as if she was used to it.

"How are lifespans controlled here? Are you saying that there really is such a thing as a god and that he can change a person's lifespan at will?"

The children were lost in thought.

"I think it's like magic. I felt the same way when I was fighting with Marsha-noona, but it seems that nothing is impossible with magic."

Clearly, Clay Marsha's ability was beyond imagination. But Amy, whom she fought alongside, viewed negatively.

"Hmm, eating out of the rules. Reducing lifespan may be possible depending on the cost and conditions, but what about eternal life? No magic can increase lifespan. Because it transcends human limitations."

"is it? I guess there might be a way. Mmm."

Arin said.

"Why is everyone thinking critically? Maybe Ra is really a god. Even if he didn't create the world, wouldn't he at least be close to God?"

"That's a bit strange too. If he really is a god, why would he need a name to control his lifespan?"

As Amy said, a name is just a title given by humans. It was unreasonable to think that a being who depended on human language was elevated to the divine level.

Shirone said.

"Besides, don't you think the sake of anecdotes is evil? For whatever reason, you treat human life like an object. Ra could simply be controlling the lifespan to manage heaven. It just doesn't make sense for God to rule the world."

The friends realized that Shirone viewed Heaven negatively. Good and evil are human concepts and are flexible according to the environment. Making value judgments was something that had to be prudent until the very end.

said Tess.

"But there is nothing we can do. It's the life they choose and their culture. In particular, religion is an idea that has an absolute position in a culture."

"No, it is not a religion. As we just said, Ra is not a god."

"It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if it's a dictator, not a god. After all, Ra has the ability to control life span. What could be more important than that in religion?"

Shirone seemed to have more to say, but eventually swallowed.

As Amy watched, she realized that Shirone was still looking for a way to save Kanya's mother.

I liked that kind of Shirone, but now was the time to be calm.

"What are you going to do, Shirone? Tomorrow, the drinking of the anecdote will proceed. As Tess said, it was the subject's choice. It's not something that can simply be called unreasonable by our standards."

"But Miro said he denied the law."

"Shirone, that... ... ."

"Know. I'm not trying to bury her thoughts. The feeling I received is also becoming similar. I think I can understand her to some extent now."

Shirone recalled the story of the maze he had heard at Nord's Shelter. Even though her maze denied her law, her old man said her mother did not hate her.

If subjects are nothing more than subservient beings to Ra, how should we take that word? What did Miro see and feel in heaven?

What is certain is that when tomorrow comes, Shirone will have no choice but to make a choice.

Maybe the maze... ... may not have been wrong.



@



1st Thousand Sharma.

The 73rd branch of the Fairy Department for managing subjects.

The Fairy Department where Feope works was located on the outskirts of Purgatory among Sharmaines. Hundreds of houses were built on a huge tree called the World Tree, and small fairies flew between them like larks.

Feope entered the depths of the World Tree.

The head fairy's dwelling was much smaller than a human's house, but it was as charming and splendid as it was.

When I opened the door and entered, Lee Ki-rin, the head of the Fairy Department, was sitting on a chair with her wings folded. She wore heavy eye makeup, and her cheeks were emblazoned with a pattern of golden vines.

Although she was a fairy born of authority, she was an adult who could not be matched by Peope, even considering her age. In particular, his beautiful appearance drew admiration from other fairies.

=======================================
[197] 1. Divine Mercy (2)





"Boss, I'm back."

"yes. You are the spiral fairy Peopero."

"Yes. You remember."

"That's natural. No fairies have been born since you were born a year ago."

Feope became sullen. The youngest of the 72nd class of fairies. That was the only reason Girin remembered her.

Since fairies are female, they cannot reproduce. In order to maintain the species, there was no choice but to wait for a new entity to be born, and Peope was the first fairy born in about 10 years.

"What happened to the fugitive case? Did you say Kanya and Lena?"

"Yes. I heard the confession, and I responded obediently after investigating it."

"So what about the verdict?"

"Both of them were sentenced to a one-year cut."

"1 year?"

When Gi-rin made an expression of disapproval, Peope swallowed. He has no doubts about his judgment. However, as a beginner, he could not guarantee whether he had made the right decision.

"Although you are still young, you are also an enforcer of the law. will have to respect But I want to ask you this. Was there no external pressure?"

"Yes. I mean."

Although he was threatened with life by Shirone, it did not lead to external pressure. Because he realized that excessive sentences were unreasonable, he handed down a one-year sentence.

Gi-rin looked at Feope with suspicion.

So far, there has never been a sentence of one year reduction in life expectancy for escaping from purgatory. His judgment was fresh for a fairy who was only a year old.

"Has there been anything else special? I heard that a heretic followed in the footsteps of the subjects."

Feope was conflicted. Strictly speaking, those who accompanied Kanya were Nephilim, not heretics.

However, if you tell it from beginning to end, there is room for interpretation that is different from the facts. And that wasn't what Peope wanted.

"I have never seen heresy."

Girin waited for the next words. It was a situation that required further explanation.

However, there was no comment from Peope.

Girin sighed and shook his hand.

"Yeah, good job. Get out and see."

"Yes. Rest in peace, boss."

Feope lowered her head and stepped back.

As the door to the house closed, Lee Ki-rin looked up into the air. Then, she asked Mer, the fairy of truth, who was her aide.

"How did it go?"

"Peope spoke only the truth. But, I don't think I've told all the facts."

"Perhaps it was. What the hell happened? It's still a period where we have to learn a lot, but I'm worried that my subjectivity has become stronger since I was young."

Lee Ki-rin rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought.

"Learn about the people who entered heaven along with the subjects. If you go to the Mecca headquarters, there will be detailed records."

"I will leave now."

After answering that, Mer escaped through the hole in the ceiling.

Lee Ki-rin crossed her legs and rubbed her forehead.

Area 73 was an accident-free area famous for being quiet. A human who was neither a heretic nor a subject entered such a place.

Her intuition, having lived for 3,000 years, reminded her of one heretic.

"Adrias Miro... ... ."



@



"Whoa, I thought I was going to die from trembling."

Peope headed home with a tired body.

I've lived for a year, so I'm sure I'll get used to it, but I couldn't help it that my body stiffened every time I met Lee Ki-rin.

Especially when I had to make a decision with my own judgment like today, the pressure was even worse.

"Haa, even the enforcers of the law have a hard time."

"Knock-knock! What's hard about dealing with Shinmin? It's all because you can't come."

The sound from behind made Peope frown. When I turned my head, the three fairies were undoubtedly approaching with a sneer.

It is said that they were the youngest before Feope was born. Although the fairies born from conception do not have blood relatives, they were called the three sisters because they were born at the same time.

"Hello, senior."

Feope forced a smile. Then, the impression of the three fairy sisters became more ferocious.

Their faces weren't like that from the beginning.

Fairies who are born out of emotion can easily show their change of heart.

Any fairy would inevitably change like that after 10 years of living as the youngest.

"I heard about it. A one-year sentence? Have you been swayed by humans? I know everything even if I don't see it."

"No. I really thought so."

"Oh, so? So, what a stupid decision. Now you are officially a Hogu. You better not think that your subjects will respect you in the future!"

The three fairy sisters covered their mouths and laughed.

Feope was angry, but could not express it. If he is taken by his immediate senior, he will suffer for his whole life. That lifetime was at least 10,000 years.

I have no choice but to endure and endure. When the next youngest was born, they would also leave themselves alone.

"Anyway, do it right. Back in the day, kids like you weren't even allowed to be enforcers. Jung is not born well these days, so I look after him at least. I mean, squeeze more of the subjects."

"I am doing that."

"What do you do? What do you say back that you, who was born only a year ago, know something?"

Feope kept her mouth shut.

They had just passed 10 years, so it was speculative to give them advice, but there was no way for a one-year-old to speak out in the fairy world, a thoroughly class society.

"Okay? It's supposed to make us afraid. So that the subjects follow. Be careful not to let this happen in the future."

When the three fairy sisters threatened and left, Feope felt 10 years old.

Maybe that's why it seemed like I could have a fight with them now.

Of course, it was only possible in my imagination.

"Whoa, I'm tired. I want to go home quickly."

Feope's flight staggered.



@



the next morning.

The central square of District 73, Shamine, waiting for Ilhwa's sake, has been busy since morning.

The Mecca checked the device, and the Norse checked the magic applied to the technique.

As Kergoin led the subjects and started rehearsing, Shirone held on to her swelling heart.

Rehearsal for an event where a person dies. How insignificant does the god of heaven regard human life?

When preparations were complete, subjects said goodbye to their families, including Kanya and Lena.

"mom! mom!"

Lena's tears didn't stop. Even her valiant Kanya, she was now just her pitiful daughter leaving her mother behind.

As the time for the magic to begin approached, Kanya took Epines and Corfin from her bosom.

"Drink this. It will help."

Shirone knew what Kanya was passing.

After learning what Ilhwa's alcohol was, thinking about it made my heart feel even more lethargic.

What are the benefits of stimulants and tranquilizers?

No, I don't know. There was no way to know how their minds were transformed when their brains melted and they became giants.

Maybe it's better than nothing.

For parents, there is nothing more courageous than the medicine their children have given them.

When the preparations to start the magic were over, the subjects spread out in a circle around the statue.

It was no different from the scenery seen in Peope's memory, but the difference was that there were 10 subjects.

According to Kanya, the executor of the anecdote is the oldest person in the district. Being old means that he has been granted a continuous lifespan, so he could be said to be the most faithful among his subjects.

Again, the executioner was Kergoin.

He had the appearance of a sturdy young man, but he was said to be one hundred and eighty-seven years old.

Even among the Kergo tribe, it was heard that he belonged to the noble class and was going to gain immortality sooner or later and go to the third thousand Shehakim.

"From now on, we will implement the sake of anecdote! Subjects to come out!"

Ten subjects approached the glass marbles.

I'd be lying if I said it wasn't scary. Being melted into a strange drug and being merged into one was the most disgusting and fearful death for humans.

"mom! mom!"

The moment Kanya was about to run away, her father caught her.

Clearly, despite hearing her daughter's voice, the mother did not look back.

Everyone was doing something similar.

The subject smiles for the family, and the family hides their sadness for the subject.

Shirone didn't think it was beautiful.

I don't know what value Ilhwa's sake has to the subjects, but it was a mistake to admit such witchcraft.

Subjects undressed and entered the glass marbles. Then, sitting on the cold glass floor, I closed my eyes and prayed.

Shirone's anger surged.

What are you praying for? What praise can you give to the god who drove you to your death?

"This is murder. It is unacceptable."

Shirone finally let it out. It was the conclusion I came to after much thought since last night.

We need to stop drinking alcohol.

Anyone would understand that it was murder.

Shirone walked to the statue. He intended to stop the spell before the subjects died.

Tess grabbed Shirone's wrist.

"Shirone, wait. i am angry too But this isn't the world we live in. They say that in that country you have to follow the laws of that country."

"I don't know who said that, but it's just human thinking. Kanya's mother did nothing wrong. Her being killed in this way should never happen under any circumstances."

"So what can we do? Even if I dry the alcohol of the anecdote, Kanya's mother's life span is until today. Even if we try to save it, only we will be in danger."

"No, it is not. Maybe Kanya's mother won't die today."

"what? What are you talking about?"

The reason why the sake of anecdote is practiced amidst the suspicion of the subjects is that Ra controls the life span. The fact that you die today anyway makes you follow the law.

But Shirone said the law was wrong. If there is indeed an error in the anecdote, the subjects are being deceived. it's an obvious scam If so, there was plenty of room to change the situation.

"Inject the fuel of life! Let's start drinking anecdotes."

The executioner shouted, and Kergoin became busy. Once the water is full, there is no second chance. I don't know when the body disintegrates, but drowning came first.

Shirone shouted as Kergoin approached the device.

"wait! The alcohol of Ilhwa is unacceptable!"

The eyes of the subjects were focused on Shirone.

It was easy to spot him standing alone in the clearing. But he couldn't understand the meaning because he didn't know the language.

Shirone looked back at Arin. He meant to translate. Reluctantly, Arin sighed and approached.

She knows better than anyone that Shirone has a prudent personality. Her decision meant that she would not back down under any circumstances.

Arin expanded the Spirit Zone. Spirit-type wizards are specialized in tentacle types, but when dealing with the public, there was no problem just expanding the zone like this.

Shirone repeated what she said earlier.

Language penetrated the minds of the subjects. It was a fairy-like ability, so no one was surprised. But I couldn't get over the meaning of the words.

There was hostility in the eyes of the subjects. It was the logic of heresy to regard the worship of Ra as evil.

The executioner could not hide his anger and fired.

"What kind of qualifications do you have that you can't tolerate magic? Aren't you a citizen? Do you want to face death without a chance of resurrection?"

"I am a Nephilim."

The hall instantly became quiet.

Even in the original world, Immortal Function is not a level that anyone can reach.

It was at least the first time in their lives that the Nephilim appeared in Area 73.

Even the executioner was embarrassed.

Up until now, he had faithfully carried out the duties of Ra and rose to this position. The age of 187 was like a medal for him.

However, even such a medal could not even hold out a business card in front of the Nephilim.

The Nephilim are descendants of angels.

Although they said that they could not be involved in the law, they were different from the subjects from birth.

"The Nephilim... ... Why is Ilhwa's alcohol objectionable? This is a divine law."

=======================================
[198] 1. Divine Mercy (3)





"The law? Is there perhaps murder in your law?"

"Of course. A subject can never harm a subject. If you commit murder, you will be severely punished according to the verdict of the Ministry of Home Affairs."

"Then what are you doing right now? Why do you proceed with the sake of anecdotes when there is murder in the law?"

"I don't understand what you mean. Are they really Nephilim? Aren't you saying something like heresy?"

"It doesn't matter if it's Nephilim or whatever. I don't know my lifespan That's why you can live each day to the best of your ability. But look at them. alive but not alive How is this different from the murder you are talking about?"

There was no voice of criticism or sympathy from the people. But the atmosphere was getting hotter.

It is a contradiction that any subject must have felt at least once.

The drinking of anecdotes certainly seems absurd. But the reason no one rejected it was that inertia lasting for hundreds of thousands of years was at work.

Until now, the number of people who became giants with the sake of anecdotes cannot be counted. The fact that everyone has done it and will continue to do so was blocking the judgment of the subjects.

"You who deny the law of Ra, we are born of giants. The sake of anecdote is a divine arrangement that brings us back to life. Do you want your existence to perish forever? If there is such a person among the subjects, come out. I will ask you to do it myself."

No one came forward. According to a fact handed down from long ago by the subjects, the giants made from the anecdote's sake traveled through purgatory and returned to disintegrate into individual entities.

It is better to live forever than to die. If I have to die inevitably, I want to leave room for me to come back.

that is life

It was controlling life in such a way.

The enforcer, satisfied with his subjects' silence, pointed at Shirone and shouted.

"You are a heretic! No, even if you say Nephilim, you don't have the right to get involved in the law! Arrest all authors! Make him pay for blaspheming the sacredness of Ra!"

"Shirone, things are complicated! You have to dodge it now."

Amy grabbed Shirone's hand. But Shirone shook her hand and kept her place.

"No, I won't go. We have to save her Kanya, her mother, and her her."

About 10 Kergoins drew their swords and ran from the front. They were as fast as cheetahs using the giant's skills.

Shirone dug into their center. Kergoin in the lead raised her sword. The rearguard also surrounded Shirone and brandished his sword.

At that point, Shirone's berserk explosion exploded.

A curtain of light hit the Kergoins. The mass contained in the photon was so small that at first it only tingled, but when it struck at a speed of 20 times per second, the body felt like it would tear itself apart.

All the Kergoins that were besieging Shirone were thrown back.

Sliding on the ground dragging their buttocks, they all looked at Shirone with amazement in their eyes.

"Yes, the Nephilim? Are you really saying they were Nephilim?"

Light magic was very effective in psychological terms. It was a phenomenon that only angels could realize, and it was magic that imprinted the fact that Shirone was a Nephilim.

Driven by momentum, Shirone concentrated her photon cannon.

The moment the executioner felt a sense of danger and blocked the bronze statue, a flash of light came out from Shirone.

The executioner twisted his body with an animal reaction speed. I felt the crushing pain in my intestines as the flash passed through my side.

But the pain was an afterthought.

When the photon cannon struck the statue of a giant, a magnificent echo spread as if it had struck a bell.

The subjects covered their ears and backed away from the sound waves vibrating in the hall.

I was shouting something loudly, but the tinnitus that remained in my ears was louder than the sound of words.

Even so, the statue of the giant was intact.

The power of the Photon Cannon was enough to crush even an iron door, but there was not even a wrinkle on the statue.

Joy filled the eyes of the subjects.

"Oh oh! Ankera! Save us!"

"Do not forsake us! Eternal life, eternal life!"

As the situation escalated, Amy stepped forward. Somehow she brought Shirone and she had to get out of this place.

At that moment, Lian grabbed my shoulder and turned me around.

"wait. Shirone is not over yet."

"That's not the problem. If we don't run away quickly, we'll have to fight them."

"Then can we fight?"

Amy then turned her head. It has nothing to do with the friendship she has shared so far. The present Lian was only a knight of Shirone.

"Why are you doing that, Lian? Is there anything you want to say?"

"there is. you guys are weird now What are you going to do with Shirone?"

"Of course you have to run away. When we become enemies in heaven, there is no one to help us."

"And who is Kanya's mother?"

Amy's heart sank. It was because she realized herself not being able to feel the reality of someone's death.

"Shirone is trying to save Kanya's mother. As he did for Marsha's sister, who was his enemy, as he did for the magic school students. But why aren't you trying to help? hopefully you Do you think we are not responsible for the deaths of people here because this is not our world?"

"ah... ... ."

Ryan's analysis was correct. Since it is a place where different rules and laws apply, I thought there was no reason to take on the death they chose.

"Amy, whether this is paradise or wherever, it is happening right in front of our eyes. Shirone said he could save Kanya's mother. That is why I will fight alongside Shirone."

Amy looked around the square. Surrounding Shirone were Meccans armed with Cigna and Xd, and Norse wielding ancient magic.

The human mind is not insignificant. Even if this place was heaven, the truth of life could not change.

A look of conflict disappeared from Amy's face.

"I also believe in Shirone. Let's go, Lian."

As Amy threw herself, her friends immediately followed.

A light flashed in the place where the subjects surrounded Shirone, and about a dozen people scattered outside. When Shirone, who cast a berserker, appeared, Amy leaned back and asked.

"It's fine? Are you hurt anywhere?"

"uh. Cigna and Exd are weak against long distances, and most of the ancient magic seems to be wind-type. It's weak too. You seem to be less capable than Clove."

From Heaven's point of view, purgatory was hell.

No matter how poor Clove's skills were, since he was a mage who traversed the harsh purgatory, it could be said that his level was higher than that of those here.

Shirone and the others received the attack of the subjects from their respective positions.

The problem is that it is not easy to counterattack. In a situation where the subjects had to be persuaded, if a dead person appeared, there was room for exacerbation of the situation.

"Sheesh! It bothers me."

Canis cast a shadow wall with her hands on the floor.

Sharp thorns protruded from the surface of the shadow rising like a castle wall.

The Mecha people blocked it with Xd at the fore, but they also had no way to attack.

 -Shirone, I can't hold out forever. I have to make a decision now.

Shirone's thoughts became complicated. He said there was actually one way he could end the battle without fighting.

It was the lighting magic Shining.

If you instantly block the enemy's view by shooting an intense light, the atmosphere of battle cools down rapidly.

'But is it possible only with Shining?'

The biggest problem was that it was broad daylight. No matter how much the intensity of light was increased, it could not beat sunlight.

The reason it was difficult to make light stronger than the sun was because of the vibrating nature of light.

The number of photons contained in a single area must be maximized, but the oscillating light has limitations in compression.

'How can I increase the light intensity?'

At that moment, Shirone's eyes flashed.

You cannot stop the vibration of light. However, it may be possible to emit light stronger than the sun.

 - Close your eyes! I'm going to cast Shining!

Shirone stopped moving and went into the Spirit Zone. Particles of light began to gather rapidly.

Her friends closed their eyes, but Canis, who was building a shield, looked back at Shirone.

'What is that? Why is the light like that?'

The light converging on Shirone was much dimmer than the previous Shining. The weak light means that the luminescence has been reduced. After all, it meant that the vibrations were being suppressed in some way.

'I unified the polarization direction.'

Some particles vibrate vertically and some vibrate horizontally. Shirone unified the direction of the vibration of light by applying gravity to photons.

The results were phenomenal. A naturally impossible number of photons was converging on one point. The color of the light was also closer to gray because it was more stable than ordinary photons. When Shining started to emit white light, it boasted a density dozens of times higher than normal.

 - Cast it now!

Shirone closed her eyes tightly and let go of the control of the photons. Particles of light radiated in all directions like a humped colt.

The brightness of the white light that devours the world reached a whopping 300,000 lumens. It was more than twice as intense as looking straight into the midday sun.

Shirone realized that the magic had succeeded without looking.

The light was so intense that even with my eyes closed, I could vaguely distinguish the shades.

'done! It's really done!'

God Particles were the core principle of Shirone's magic.

A photon cannon of mass, a laser of energy. And this time, it was a Shining Impact that compressed photons to create a flash explosion.

It was non-lethal magic that could incapacitate living things regardless of time and place because it transcended the intensity of natural light.

Even after the light disappeared, the subjects had their eyes closed. Fearing that he might be attacked, he was leaning back and covering his face with his arms.

Silence passed.

Shirone and the others opened their eyes first, and then the subjects also raised their eyelids and looked left and right.

"Yes, the Nephilim. You are the Nephilim."

As someone muttered, the Mechas began to drop their weapons one by one.

Shining Impact had an effect beyond stopping the battle.

Even if you make a contract with the light spirit, it is impossible to create a light stronger than the sun.

If there is a possible being, it will undoubtedly be an angel handling the powers of light.

Tess wiped the sweat from under her chin.

"Whoa. Shirone, what kind of magic is this? You were surprised to find out you were going blind."

It was said as a joke, but it was sincere. She had never been exposed to such intense light in her life.

Lian approached, sheathing his greatsword.

"Anyway, since we neutralized the enemies, that's okay. Should I stop drinking Ilhwa now?"

"It won't be easy. Unlike other subjects, Kergoin is not shaken."

As Amy said, those involved in the magic law, including the enforcer, were glaring at Shirone with fierce eyes.

Of course, it was true that they were also intimidated by the power of Shining Impact.

However, if it was the power of the Nephilim, there was no reason to receive a psychological blow.

Those who only followed Ra were not afraid of the lower laws.

"Do you know how to do this without incident, Nephilim? You have disturbed the sacred law of Ra. If you move in the internal government, your lifespan will end as of today."

"If you can, do whatever you can. You cannot control my lifespan, which even I do not know about."

The executioner's nose twisted.

I wanted to slit my throat right away, but to be honest, I had no intention of fighting.

It is 187 years obtained by devoting one's whole life. Eternal life is now in front of him, but he could not end his life here.

There was a red aura on Shirone's palm.

Now that the subjects were frightened, this was the last chance. Rather than inciting anger with a photon cannon, it was a strategy to clearly destroy it with a laser.

As the beam of red light reached the statue, the subjects backed away in fright.

But no one rushed further. If Shirone was a Nephilim, he would not be able to do anything in the line of the subjects.

=======================================
[199] 1. Divine Mercy (4)





As the area hit by the laser heated up, the statue began to shake as if it were about to burst.

"Unbelievable. How could this happen... ... !"

The executioner gnashed his teeth. He couldn't attack Shirone or prevent the statue from being destroyed.

At that moment, a thunderclap was heard from the sky.

Blue electric lights fell in bundles and heated up the surroundings of Shirone.

As the floor exploded, dust rose.

The executioner confirmed where the lightning had come from. A group of fairies were flying in from the entrance of the plaza.

Even from a distance, Shirone spotted the fairy at the center of the group at a glance.

Only she was glowing golden, and her face with makeup was also beautiful.

It was Ki-rin Lee, the head of the People's Management Department.

Friends lined up around Shirone. The tension that he couldn't feel while fighting the subjects made his blood run fast.

The curious thing is that the preemptive strike was electricity.

Since electricity is an attribute close to spirits, it was not something that fairies could control.

 - Who struck the thunderbolt?

 - I don't know yet. But there must be a fairy in the group who deals with friction.

It is possible to cause a thunderbolt by rubbing electric charges in the air. As electricity flowed depending on the placement of the charges, it was natural that the accuracy would drop.

Lian drew his greatsword and walked away.

"Are the fairy troops all out? The thing has finally come."

Shirone was already expecting it. Since the law of heaven was broken, it was normal for the courtiers to be dispatched.

The subjects retreated to the left and right, opening the way for Lee Gi-rin.

The fairies that flew proudly from Bomudo confronted Shirone and the others at a distance of 10 meters.

Shirone saw Peope standing at the end of the group of fairies.

Unlike other fairies, she was staring straight ahead with blind eyes. She didn't know why she had to be here.

Girin pointed at Shirone and the others.

"It is you, those who entered the kingdom of heaven by impersonating the Nephilim. That alone is a felony, so are you trying to sabotage the sacred anecdote now?"

The executioner's expression changed to a puzzled one. Are you saying that he was impersonating the Nephilim, not the Nephilim?

However, the ability the boy had just cast was clearly an angel's. If not the Nephilim, how could they handle the light?

"Lee Ki-rin, are you saying that these are cults? The author clearly used the power of light."

"Don't be seduced. The land country has technology that handles light magic. Besides, other people are heretics that don't even need to be verified. That's how he tried to trick even the fairies."

Canis' eyes hardened.

Listening to them, they also investigated themselves in detail. In addition, the fact that Peo Pe, who lacked her fighting power, was with her was proof that she had told the truth.

"Damn, that's why I said I had to leave. That fairy betrayed you. I didn't believe it in the first place."

Feope wrinkled her brow.

betrayal? He only received Gi-rin's order and followed it without hesitation. I didn't even know they were there until I arrived.

"huh! yes! I told you everything! You are now dead! That should have been enough!"

I had no intention of claiming innocence to humans anyway. Rather, Feope took on the crime she hadn't committed and raised the stakes even more.

"I didn't betray you."

Shirone said.

"Peope made the right decision. There's no reason for a fairy like that to come and undermine your beliefs."

Peope was excited and turned her head. Now, even if I said that, it means he was offended.

But there were many thoughts in my head.

right verdict. belief.

These were values ??that had never been acknowledged by seniors until now.

Girin didn't care. If you live more than 3,000 years, you can divide concepts more finely than humans.

If a human could list a hundred kinds of love, she could probably classify it into ten thousand.

At that point, all events become independent.

Stealing someone else's house is not a thief.

Even if you break the lock on that house, you are not a thief.

Even if you break the lock and go inside, you may not be a thief. Even if you pick up anything there, you are not a thief.

The concept of a thief is perfectly established when he comes out with what he has picked up.

It was an impossible cognitive ability for humans who try to predict the whole from some events.

In that sense, the conversation between Shirone and Peope was only an independent event from the current situation.

"I am Lee Gi-rin, a fairy of authority, the head of the People's Management Department. The sin of entering heaven by impersonating the Nephilim on the subject of heresy. All of your life spans are cut short for the crime of sabotaging the noble anecdote."

A wrinkle formed on Shirone's forehead.

"Is it always like that? Are you killing people just because you don't like them? The same goes for the sake of anecdotes. Why are you driving your subjects to their deaths?"

"You were born of giants. Why is it so unfair to go back?"

"It's bullshit. No parent asks their child for their flesh back."

"To sow in the ground is to reap and eat. The reason organisms die is to feed other organisms. You too are only beings bound by this law."

"To sow seeds is to bear new seeds. Creatures die to give other creatures a chance. Humans thrive like that. A life without meaning is the same as being dead."

Girin let out a sad sigh. Why can't this intuition be wrong? It was no coincidence that Miro's face passed by Shirone.

"This is heresy. He's a human who shouldn't have sex. what are you doing! Start drinking anecdotes right away!"

As if Girin had waited for an order, the executioner moved.

When the switch was turned off, black water began to fill the 10 glass marbles.

"Damn it! There is no time! We have to stop it now!"

Ryan and Tess ran to destroy the statue.

Girin raised her hand and commanded the fairies.

"Attack! Never let them get close!"

Shirone and the others entered into a battle posture.

Arin left only the channel connected to the party, and released his mental induction. Since Lee Gi-rin's mental resonance pervaded the entire room, he didn't need an interpreter.

The Spirit of Fire launched a preemptive strike. As she held out her hand, air spurted out like a hole in her atmospheric layer.

A small, solid lump of gas hit the bodies of Shirone and the others.

It wasn't enough to penetrate the body, but it was invisible and there were so many of them that it was impossible to fight.

"stand back!"

Kanis built the Shadow Wall. Bullets of air hit the surface of the shadow wall with the sound of falling hailstones.

At that moment, a scorching noise arose from the sky.

The spirit of friction generated static electricity and struck a thunderbolt, and Harvest caught it.

Brilliant lightning bolts struck in succession, but it did not work on the magical creatures.

"Quack! Are you feeling good? Is it a new type of massage?"

Amy, with her back against the shadow wall's barrier, floated a Jack O'Lantern over her palm.

The spheres of fire that flew into the sky increased to dozens and bombed the front indiscriminately.

Because it was Jack O'Lantern's unique ability, the fake flame, the actual flame was only three lumps. However, as long as you didn't know what was real, you couldn't help but feel fear from the position of being victimized.

When Amy's bombardment dispersed the fairies, Canis finally took the Shadow Wall.

Arin, who quickly captured the location of the fairies with an open view, suggested an operation through a mental channel.

 -If fairies are spiritual beings, I have a way. You can catch it with mental shock.

Shirone thought it was plausible.

In a battle between magic and magic, they are compatible, but even fairies will not be able to help when it comes to direct attacks on the spirit.

 -Is it possible? Are there many numbers?

 -I'm going to cast a wide area mental shock. It takes a lot of mental power, but it's possible at least once. Instead, lure the fairies. It's a 20 meter radius around me.

It was difficult to drive all the fairies, but if even half of them were successful, they could win the battle.

"great! Let us also scatter!"

Each battle began.

The abilities of the fairies were also not formidable. Most of the concepts were specialized for combat, probably because they had already expected a fight.

However, if the enemies were strong, it was rather a good thing in terms of luring them.

"uh? uh?"

On the battlefield where all sorts of magic flowed, only Peope was flying around without being able to catch the direction.

It was his first real battle, and the power of the magic that came and went was different from his own.

A flash of light flashed and approached Peope.

Surprised, Feope raised both hands and prepared to use the power of the spiral.

Shirone also reflexively mounted a photon cannon.

Their eyes widened as they checked each other's faces.

Feope bit her lip and couldn't make up her mind. Then, Shirone also canceled the photon cannon and turned around.

Feope looked at her with a puzzled look, but he just ran towards the other fairy without saying anything.

Feope's head fell sullenly.



 -scale! No more! This is the limit!

Because fairies have the ability to fly, it was close to impossible to drive them into one place.

However, the magicians of Shirone's party also had high-quality movements, so they were able to lure more than half of them into the realm.

 -that's enough!

Movement is a combination of time and space.

The moment in less than a second when the fairy entered the realm was the only timing for Arin to cast magic.

Arin squatted down and touched the ground with both hands. As her shadow expanded like a sinkhole, the five fairies sensed a crisis and threw their bodies.

But it was already too late.

With a pop and a mental wave, the soil splashed all at once.

The fairies lost their way and swayed, stopped their wings as if they had drank pesticide, and crashed.

With half of their power gone, the demoralized fairies started screaming and running away.

While Harvest drove them away with a claw, Lian and Tess also succeeded in breaking through Kergoin's siege and turning the switch back to normal.

As the liquid, which had risen to about a third, was sucked back into the tank, the level of the glass bead lowered.

Subjects breathed a sigh of relief.

But even that would be torture. A sliver of hope is just another word for almost absolute despair.

"Shirone! It's now! Smash it with a laser!"

Shirone was already finishing preparations.

Ilhwa's drinking is stopped when the statue is destroyed. With the fairies destroyed, no one would stand in his way.

The moment Shirone's laser emitted a red light, Girin's voice permeated the battlefield.

"As a servant of God, I command you, those without authority in the world, to kneel before me."

When the command was over, an amazing thing happened.

As if the world was turning off, all humans knelt down. Shirone and the others were no exception.

Shirone, with her knees on the ground, was bewildered. He strained his legs to stand up, but his body felt heavy, as if he had become an elephant.

Words poured out of the mental channels.

 -What happened? you can't get up

 - You said it was a fairy of authority. What does this have to do with authority?

 -It's not just magic. this is out of the norm

Even in Shirone's opinion, the present results could not have come out if it had not been for eating out.

If so, how does it trigger?

It was not a commandment. Because it is impossible to bring hundreds of people to their knees just because they threw words.

Unlike Shirone and the others, the subjects did not even resist. He just looked up at Lee Gi-rin with awe in his eyes.

Lee Ki-rin walked leisurely between the subjects and approached the statue. And he flipped the switch himself.

As the liquid began to fill the glass beads again, the subjects' eyes closed tightly.

The sobs of family members could be heard from somewhere.

=======================================
[200] 1. Divine Mercy (5)





Shirone gritted his teeth. Other than that, there was nothing I could do.

It seems that he can cast magic, but if he casts teleportation in his current state, his body will be shattered.

'damn! I have to move somehow.'

As time passes, Kanya's mother dies.

No, everyone dies. The last thing left was a hideous giant whose name was unknown.

"Give up, foolish humans. No one can interfere with the Law of Ra."

Girin all looked at the sight of the human kneeling with satisfaction.

this is authority Obedience is voluntary, not forced.

"Damn, what's so heavy?"

Girin's face stiffened at the sound he heard from behind the statue.

Then chin, chin and footsteps were heard. Everyone looked back at the place as if a ghost had come out.

Tess shouted, showing her color.

"Lian!"

Ryan frowned and moved on.

It seemed to weigh a ton.

Even so, the reason why they didn't get crushed was because the load was being distributed throughout the body.

"What have you done to me? Your body is incredibly heavy."

"How can I move... ... ?"

It is not a magic that can be endured simply because it is strong. Since the load is proportional to the amount of muscle, the stronger the muscle, the heavier the body.

If it moved, there was only one possible case. You have to exert more strength than you can generate.

Of course, that too could not be seen as a normal human being.

You say you have more power than your body? No, it can't be. It's the highest skill among the giant's techniques.'

While Girin was lost in thought, a muddy sound was heard from where Shirone and the others were.

"Hehe, that's a very funny magic. This is why combat is fun."

Harvest abruptly rose from Canis' shadow.

Shirone realized after seeing the case of Lian and Harvest.

A relative load, not an absolute value, is being applied. It was important information because if the activation principle was different, the response method would also be different.

"Where would you like to catch it?"

Harvest rushed at Lee Gi-rin. However, the fairy manager's ability to fly was not to be underestimated.

Shirone, who had been lost for a while in the chase as if watching every fight, shouted at Lian.

"Lian! There is no time! We have to break the statue!"

As Lian raised his greatsword in front of the statue, Girin's face in flight was shocked.

Assume that the shadow chasing him is not human, but the swordsman is a human made of flesh and blood.

In order to wield a greatsword in a state of hypocrisy, the physical dominance must be close to 100%.

As Lian screamed and hit the statue, there was a bang.

The subjects were shocked, but the statue did not even have gold.

Ryan gritted it.

I want to break it at random, but in the current situation, all I can do is add another blow.

"damn! If it wasn't for some strange magic!"

The marble's liquid was half full. Subjects closed their eyes as if they had already given up.

From their point of view, they would rather hate Lian. If it hadn't been interrupted, everything would be comfortable by now.

Arin said through the mental channel.

 - We have to find a way. Restraining the motions of hundreds of people with only the command of the tongue doesn't fit the equivalent exchange. There will be conditions we don't know about.

Shirone thought the same.

No matter how bizarre the ability to eat out, it was something that happened within the zero-sum of equivalent exchange.

Judging from the strength of his ability, there had to be a way to release him from being restrained.

Shirone reviewed Marsha's advice.

Eating out is deeply related to the caster's inclination.

Girin is an authority fairy. Therefore, it was highly likely that it was omniscience related in some way to the concept of authority.

"Yaaaaap!"

Lian didn't give up and kept knocking down the statue.

Every time a roar resounded, the faces of the subjects went pale one by one.

Then, at some point, Amy's crimson eyes burned red. The memory of her self-image immediately detected changes in her body.

 -Shirone, it is not a fixed binding force. A little while ago, the load was 5 kg weaker. This time 7 kg, 9 kg... ... . Every time Lian swings his sword, the weight is draining away.

Shirone's eyes flashed and shone. Through Amy's words, I realized the description of Lee Gi-rin's eating out.

"Lian! Keep hitting! Ilhwa's sake is not the same as the magic of regeneration! It's just murder!"

 - Shirone! I just lost 60 kg! I hope this... ... !

 -yes! It's not accurate, but I think Gi-rin quantifies her authority and uses her physical strength. The more doubters there are, the weaker the load will be.

As if to prove Shirone's thoughts, Girin's expression distorted.

The suspicious count suddenly soared to the sound of Ilhwa's liquor shouting that it was murder.

It wasn't a scream from evil. In the end, it means that the heretics have figured out the conditions for the magic to be activated.

rule-breakers.

Girin is able to hold a scale that measures trust and doubt against objects within its realm.

The moment he uttered the commandments, all living beings around him were divided into those who believed and those who doubted.

Currently, the number of subjects gathered in the central plaza is 318, and the ratio of believers to doubters is 293 to 25.

If everyone believes in Lee Gi-rin, the load applied per unit area is 100% of the muscle strength, so theoretically movement is impossible.

Conversely, when the percentage of trust falls below half, the 'price of true name' is activated, and Ki-rin must pay the price of 100% load for 24 hours.

Shirone realized why Lian's actions affected magic. The fear of damaging the symbol of heaven was planting the seeds of doubt in the hearts of the subjects.

In fact, every time Lian hit the statue of a giant, the load was weakening slightly.

"Calm down everyone! Ilhwa's sake is a lie! It's a trick that kills you!"

He continued to press the subjects, but the load did not weaken any more.

Trials strengthen faith.

It was clear that while some were terrified, others were burning with more determination.

"shut up! You guys are cheating on us!"

"Kill! Kill heretics!"

The wrath of the marrow subjects reached its peak at the act of damaging the statue.

As the number of people who suddenly turned into fanatics increased, the doubters also began to change their thoughts little by little.

Even though Shirone knew this, he did not give up. He was the only resistance he could make in an immobilized situation.

"Anecdotal liquor is the liquor of regeneration? It's your turn next! Why don't you know that?"

"We will obey the law. It is to end the lifespan granted by Ra and return to the original body!"

Shirone gritted his teeth. Eating out of the rules and what not, the stuffiness of the people's clogged thoughts reached the peak.

"You can buy more! The subjects of Anecdote don't have to die today!"

Like a lie, the clamor of the subjects disappeared. Everyone was looking at Shirone with shocked expressions.

As a sign of the sudden silence, Harvest gave up the pursuit of Girin.

Anyway, there is no way to win.

It was decided that it was better to shake the subjects through psychological warfare with her than to be distracted.

Irene frowned. The ratio speaks volumes about how effective this statement was.

267 to 51.

Seventeen percent of all subjects began to have doubts. The weakening of the load was such a shame that I could feel it through my skin. A sudden change in senses would also work against the preservation of authority.

"You can live? U.S... ... Can I buy more?"

"yes. If the subjects really die at the end of their lifespan, at least we can call it a funeral. but not dying The sake of anecdotes cannot be your grave!"

 - Shirone, what are you talking about?

Amy couldn't believe it. Since the life span is absolute, wouldn't the subjects follow? If it is an improvisation to escape the situation, it becomes difficult to cover the back.

It wasn't something Shirone said with conviction. However, the conclusion I came to after thinking all night was that there was no possibility at all.

"I met Ethan in Purgatory. Some of them were not born in Heaven. So they don't know their lifespan. However, I do not have my life span controlled by anyone."

"That's of course because it's heresy... ... ."

"Wake! still don't know I can't because I don't know the name. It's not that I can't, it's that I can't! If God is all-powerful, why does he need a name!"

Kirin's face changed seriously.

229 to 89.

Authority disappears when the percentage of doubters exceeds half. There were only 70 counts left to get there.

exclaimed the executioner.

"Shut up! That too is just the principle of the law! It doesn't change the fact that we gain eternal life or regenerate according to Ra's will! Do not mock the subjects with heretical logic!"

"It is not the law! It's magic! Whatever Ra's abilities are related to magic, they can buy more!"

The word magic worked. If the sacred phenomena that occur according to the law are mere magic, then the divine personage has no choice but to fall to the standard of human beings.

"How can I live longer? Do you have any evidence?"

Someone among the crowd of subjects shouted.

Kirin looked back at him fiercely. This is because the count of the suspicious person went up by 1 just now.

"I have studied the properties of time. In conclusion, time is relative. It is different for everyone here."

Among the subjects, there were those who studied time. Norse mages and Mecca opticians.

Their number is probably around six. 222 v 96. Those who understood Shirone's words began to doubt.

"Even if it were, what would it be?"

"If the ability to grant lifespan is related to time, it means that the lifespans of anecdotal drink subjects are not accurate. Even if the lifespan is fixed at 40 years, it is impossible to die exactly at 40 years. Because the acceptance time is flexible."

"But it is only a hypothesis. If it is a non-magical law, we do not even have a chance to regenerate."

"It is not a hypothesis. I can prove it. Even if the same 10 years were cut, the time of birth would be different. But why doesn't Ilhwa's liquor tune in to that?"

206 to 112.

There are 47 left.

Lee Ki-rin examined the glass marble. It was filled with black liquid. The disintegration of the body begins from the moment of death, so if someone drowned, the magic was no different from success.

"Anecdotal liquor is murder if it can live for a few more hours, no, at least one second. It's just an act of drowning the target and mutilating the corpse!"

The executioner widened his eyes.

"Shut up! Even if you are right, what will change! The value of life is not determined by time! Do you mean to deny Ra in order to live one more second!"

"That 1 second is the 1 second of deciding whether or not to put an end to your life! Why don't you think of that!"

Lee Ki-rin saw that he could make up for it here.

243 to 75.

As expected, the number of people who turned to faith increased.

Shirone made a foolish decision. In fact, the initiative in life is not important to humans.

All they want is gain.

There is nothing to be gained from a slight increase in lifespan. The subjects will gladly jump into the sake of anecdotes, promising the future.

As if to prove the value of the scale, all of the subjects cursed Shirone.

"Damn it! You were almost fooled! After all, life is fixed! Nothing changed!"

"Are you talking nonsense again about the Nephilim? 1 second? What can you do with just one second? What can you do?"

=======================================
[201] 1. Divine Mercy (6)





Shirone swayed and stood up. It is said that the load per unit area fell below 70%, but it was impossible without the mental strength of the Diamond Buddha.

The subjects looked at him with astonished eyes. It was shocking to see the diminutive Shirone stand up, as if it were a giant like Lian.

"You even give your life to God. do whatever you ask me to do But only 1 second? If only one second was so insignificant to you! That god can't show even a second of mercy to those who believe in him!"

Lee Gi-rin bit her molars hard.

159 to 159.

The proportions of belief and doubt were exactly equal. If the count falls even one more, the authority disappears.

Lian's movements became much lighter. If he had overcome a load that approached 100%, he could wield the greatsword at any cost of 50%.

Lian gave up the statue and tapped on a glass marble filled with black liquid. When it was struck continuously, it cracked with a crackling sound, and water leaked out.

"damn! damn!"

The more anxious he became. The amount leaking out of the cracks was not enough to prevent the victims from drowning.

The subjects who watched the precarious tightrope of life and death swallowed their saliva.

It was clear that it would have a bad effect on Lee Gi-rin. This is because humans basically want to take the side of the weak.

Girin Lee used a last resort.

"Don't be fooled! The scales of my heart are judging you! If anyone has any doubts here, I will personally cut your lifespan by 50 years!"

Fear, the most effective means of maintaining power, immediately restored the faith of the subjects.

216 to 102.

Her authority began to revive rapidly.

As the load intensified, Shirone's knees bent again. He gritted his teeth and endured, but it was irresistible.

The most painful fact was that I felt with my body that the attitude of the subjects was turning around.

"Shirone... ... ."

At that moment, Kanya walked over to Shirone.

Her face was pale. How could she be sane when her mother was submerged in black water?

"really... ... can you buy I mean mom Can you leave with a smile in front of me, Lena, and Dad?"

The subjects alternately looked at Kanya and the glass marble.

He smiles in front of his family and leaves. The time required for that was 1 second.

"of course. She said her mother is not yet dead. She can see you again and laugh."

Tears ran down Kanya's cheeks. It didn't matter what it was now.

I just wanted to see my mother. She wanted to see the mother she had seen this morning one more time.

"Then save my mother, Shirone. please save my mother I mean I don't like it. I hate seeing my mother become a giant."

27 v. 291.

Lee Ki-rin widened his eyes at the shock that hit his brain. Her authority has gone downhill.

Before he could even let out a gasp, the master of shunning was activated.

Falling vertically, she fell to her knees on the ground. She couldn't even lift a finger.

"Now! Everyone go and stop it!"

When the load disappeared, Shirone and the others stomped out as if they were grinding the floor.

Time was running out. No, it was already exceeded.

Lian smashed the glass marble with a full swing.

Amy switched off the liquid tank.

Tess thrusts her sword into the gap in the device, causing an explosion inside.

Families rushed in and freed the subjects from the broken glass marbles. However, it was not possible to check the condition because it was covered with sticky liquid.

The subjects approached with nervous expressions. If dead, decomposition would have proceeded.

I didn't have the courage to look at the terrible sight with my own eyes.

Families started peeling off the fluid. Gradually, the flesh color was revealed, and eyes, nose, and lips appeared.

Fortunately, disassembly did not proceed. Upon discovering her mother, Kanya's face was covered with her tears.

"mom mom!"

It didn't dissolve into the liquid, but it didn't breathe. Kanya's father ran over and started artificial respiration.

When the airway was opened and the stomach was compressed, the thick liquid regurgitated and the mother coughed.

The subjects cheered.

At this moment, there was no law in their heads. There was only the joy that one life returned to the arms of the family.

Dang. Dang. Dang.

I heard a bell signaling the time for Ilhwa's drinking to end.

A reverent silence fell over the central square.

The reanimated subjects looked at the servant while being supported by their families. According to the law, today is the last day of their lifespan, but no one has died yet.

2. Turbulent Age (1)





The bell rang twelve times.

The sound of the bell was established as an unforgettable memory in the minds of the subjects gathered in the central plaza.

They were still subjects and obeyed the Law of Ra, but it was unclear whether they would be able to do so in the future.

"Boss! Are you okay?"

Feope flew to Girin.

Seeing Girin's broken knee, Feope felt guilty. He felt ashamed of himself for not doing anything while his teammates were fighting.

Girin smiled. As if she was trying to soothe the startled heart of her long-awaited junior.

"Okay. It's the price that was triggered when the rules outside the box were destroyed. It's something I have to endure. Are you all right?"

"Yes. I am fine."

"I'm glad."

Peope couldn't bear to look into Girin's eyes.

Even though he must have known that he hadn't participated in the battle, he didn't even scold him and was rather concerned about his safety.

It was always a burden to deal with the manager, but at this moment, I couldn't help but acknowledge her.

Lee Ki-rin looked at the square with disturbed eyes.

A tilted statue, shattered glass marbles, and black smoke billowing devices.

Ilhwa's drinking was completely denied. Today was an unconventional day in heaven.

'Maybe it will have a bigger impact than when the labyrinth came.'

The woman named Miro was much stronger than the blonde boy. But that's what she was, so she didn't flinch. She knew better than anyone the repercussions her actions would have on her heaven.

'Now what? The age of cataclysm is coming. Based on today, heaven will change.'

Feope suddenly blocked Lee Gi-rin and took a fighting stance. Shirone's party was approaching.

Ki-rin cannot move for the next 24 hours. Moreover, her knees were also smashed. Whatever the situation, she shouldn't be afraid this time.

"Hey, go away! The fight is over! If you're still willing to fight, I'll deal with you myself!"

Gi-rin stopped Peope.

"It's okay, Peope. I want to talk to this boy too."

Embarrassed, Peope quietly gave up her seat and stood next to Gi-rin.

Shirone squatted down and made eye level as close as possible.

After seeing only the flying fairies, I finally realized the size of them when I saw them come down to the ground.

Really, it was only a handful.

Lee Ki-rin raised her chin as if there was nothing to lose.

"huh! Child of the earthly world, the fact that I have lost does not mean that the divine law has been denied. I am also a leader of the 72nd class of fairies, so today's victory will not deify you."

"It doesn't matter. I just wanted to save the life of the person who helped me. Is that so wrong?"

Lee Ki-rin didn't think it was wrong. However, considering the impact it would have on heaven in the future, it was a problem that could not be guaranteed.

Is 1 life worth more than 10 lives? It won't be. But what about 100 million? What judgment would you make if you had 1 billion lives?

Miro knew that. That is why he withdrew from heaven. In the harsh reality of having to sacrifice one person for the many, she found the only answer.

But it wasn't this boy. Efficiency is not considered in doing the right thing. He was probably of the opinion that human life cannot be valued.

extreme line.

Iggyin felt the same feeling that Arcane had felt before.

"Leave this place."

It was the only thing Girin could say.

"You have caused chaos in Heaven. I can't even predict what will happen in the future. So go away. Get out of our world as soon as possible."

"But we... ... ."

Before Shirone could finish his words, a red light flashed from the east.

The group looked back at the place with surprised expressions.

A flash of light was gushing from the second millennium Rakia. Calculated by distance, it was a tremendous amount of energy released.

Everyone in the square covered their ears.

A vibration that seemed like the world would end shook the sky.

As if struck with an awl, a flash of red light pierced the middle of the plaza. As the flash disappeared, an angel with wings of light torn to pieces appeared.

Kirin's eyes shook in shock.

"Fallen angel Ikasa... ... . Why are you here?"

The second heaven, Rakia, was the place where fallen angels were exiled.

The existence of the second heaven is allowed to enter the first heaven, but it is extremely rare for fallen angels to enter the realm of subjects. It was because their pride, once inhabitants of the Sixth Heaven, did not allow them to interact with humans.

Girin realized that the seeds of chaos planted by Shirone were already changing the laws of heaven.

"I am the lower angel Ikasa. I looked down at the wine of the sacred anecdote, confirmed the riot, and came down to this land."

Shirone couldn't stop shaking.

He was over 2 meters tall and had slanted eyes. She was once an angel, so her beauty remained, but her temperament was very different from what was expected.

If the angel I saw at Nord's Shelter reminded me of the brilliant sun, the angel that appeared now gave off an atmosphere like a setting sun.

"You are the one who denied God. Abominable things. Foolish beings who do not know how much love they receive and despise God."

Ikasa glared at Shirone with hatred.

Fallen angels were of a lower rank than the beings of the Second Heaven, and therefore the Shehakim of the Third Heaven, who had attained eternal life.

I don't know about giants or fairies, but they're worse than humans. Why does God care so much about humans?

The anger he had harbored for 20,000 years was on the verge of exploding.

"I will judge you on behalf of God."

Ikasa's asteroid expanded into a halo with a diameter of 1 meter. A huge ring of light became a rail, accelerating light particles sparkling like stars.

Kirin's face turned pale. The fallen angel was stripped of most of his powers because of his sins, but even so, it was not a power he could handle at Sharmaine's level.

"Ikasa-sama! It's not possible! When the fallen angel opens the halo... ... !"

"Ho-ho-ho! Heresy dies anyway! Be honored that this body takes care of itself!"

The energy emanating from Ikasa's body made Shirone's mind far away.

I felt a difference in power that could never be surpassed. This is not it. A being like this cannot exist in the world.

Shirone turned around with all her might. It felt like time was passing slowly, as if under a slow magic. The air exhaled from his lungs still hadn't reached his uvula.

When he was finally ready to make a sound, there was only one thought in Shirone's head.

"Run away!"

Arin was already holding the metagate and preparing to activate the device.

But even for her, one second was too long.

hurry! sooner! The two-centimeter distance was not shortened even though I just had to press the button with my finger.

The wind blew from behind Shirone. The metagate in Arin's hand magically disappeared.

The group stood stunned.

Ikasa, with her left hand on her waist, stood beside Arin, holding the metagate in front of her eyes and examining it.

It wasn't that it wasn't visible. It wasn't as fast as light or swift as the wind.

But it was definitely fast.

A speed somewhere in the middle between life and nature. It was proving that they were different from humans from the moment they were born.

=======================================
[202] 2. The Age of Turbulence (2)





Only Arin, whose metagate was taken from a very close range, looked down at his empty hand, not understanding the situation. He didn't even know that a fallen angel was standing right next to him.

"Hmm, is this a metagate? Even citizens are forbidden from using it. It's quite the subject of heresy."

Arin's face turned pale when he heard Ikasa's voice.

It was more than 30 meters away. But how could the metagate be stolen?

Furthermore, picking up an object while moving at high speed meant that it was accelerated only by physical force.

"Hmm, to come here with a metagate? I hope you... ... Did Miro send you?"

Shirone did not answer. She instinctively felt that no information should be given to her.

"Huh, if you don't want to talk about it, it's fine if you don't. If you analyze this anyway, the coordinates will come out."

Metagate is a high-tech equipment of the Mecha tribe. If it was dismantled with Mecha's technology, it was possible to know which coordinates were recorded without operating it.

Of course, Ikasa had already guessed. In particular, the act of stopping Ilhwa from drinking was a highlight. It was clear that they were from the home of the hateful Maze.

Ikasa passed between Shirone and the others, shaking her slender figure.

It was defenseless, but no one could put a hand on it.

The place where Ikasa stopped was where the women were standing.

As the tall angel looked down, Amy was extremely intimidated. However, he did not lose his fear and continued the snowball fight until the end.

"Are you a virgin?"

Amy's face brightened. In terms of the level of verbal violence, it was like a foul play.

"What, what?"

"Knock-knock! That's right. Maybe you too?"

Ikasa asked, pointing alternately at Tess and Arin. The faces of the two people also turned red without exception.

"Hmm, that's it, right? You have great patience for a human being?"

Ikasa bent down and looked closely at Arin. Black hair, black pupils, and a white face reminiscent of moonlight.

"Oh, you are from the East. very good."

Ikasa was satisfied. At first, he came to solve the 20,000-year-old grievance, but he unexpectedly got an unexpected harvest.

The coordinates of Miro's hometown and the three girls. At this level, the possibility of being promoted to an angel again was sufficient.

Ikasa rotated the halo to activate the power of an angel.

"Uh, huh?"

As Amy, Tess, and Arin ascended into the air, a light reflexively gathered in front of Shirone's eyes.

"no! stop!"

At the same time as the photon cannons rushed in, Canis and Harvest launched a pincer attack. Lian also raised his greatsword and charged.

Ikasa stretched out her slender finger and drew from left to right. Then all his attacks ricocheted off the invisible curtain.

Shirone shouted, unable to shake off his anxiety.

"Free the women! come down! Let's fight us!"

Ikasa looked pathetically at the group and flew high with the three girls.

Shirone's heart felt like it would explode.

It shouldn't end like this. My heart couldn't stand it when the situation ended so helplessly.

Rising through the sky, Ikasa accelerated the halo.

A fiery whirlpool was born before her eyes, and a heavy mass was born. It was an object with orange bands intersecting its black body, but I couldn't figure out what shape it was until now.

"Tabu, kill heresy. I'm going to Kariel-sama."

"... ... Yes, Ikasa-sama."

Ikasa quickly receded into the northern sky. Amy's voice calling someone followed her.

Shirone looked up at the sky with a distraught face. I didn't think it was real.

It's not that I didn't take risks when I came to heaven. But I never thought I would be so helpless.

'I... ... Because I asked to come.'

Shirone closed her eyes tightly.

it's your own fault He should have stopped coming to heaven in the first place. He thought he had a meta gate and he would be a little safe. It's a stupid misunderstanding. Angels were beings beyond human imagination.

Whoops!

A black mass crashed to the ground. The surface was so smooth that it looked like a rock. However, when he stretched out his crouched body, a figure resembling a gorilla stood up.

A thin orange band was engraved in a symmetrical form, and the contrast between the colors was strangely disgusting.

You could tell it was a unicorn by the triangle floating above its head. It was much smaller than the Mara I saw at Nohr's Shelter, but I didn't think it was weak.

"Kekeke! i am taboo It's been a long time since we've had a battle, so let's enjoy it."

Shirone and the others were ready for battle. However, by the time the women were taken away, the fighting spirit had fallen to the bottom.

Whether he knew their feelings or not, Tabu crouched excitedly alone.

"I'm embarrassed to show off because my strength is suppressed... ... ."

An intense heat exploded as the taboo's orange band glowed.

"There is more than enough for the likes of you."

Tabu kicked off the ground with the horse and charged.

Lian ran up and swung his greatsword. Taboo did not dodge or block. As if Lian couldn't be seen, he thrust his sword into the running posture.

bang! An impact sounded and Lian was thrown into the sky.

Taboo leaned back and looked up at Shirone. And she threw herself into it. It was an indescribable strangeness to see Tabu's upside-down face approaching.

At an approach beyond human common sense, Shirone cast a berserker. The curtain of light hit the tabu, but it broke through as if it didn't care.

"Hehe, that's an interesting magic."

Taboo's face came close to his nose. Orange vertical lines ran where her eyes should be, and her mouth was parted like a crack without even her lips.

The light beam spewed out mass at a rapid rate of 20 times per second, but the tab was relaxed as if it had been hit by a rainstorm.

With his tongue hanging down to his stomach, he mocked Shirone.

"Keke. Are you sad? Because the woman was taken away?"

Murderous intent dwelled in Shirone's eyes. She has to get Amy back.

Ironically, the moment she realized that fact, Shirone erased Amy from her mind.

As the spirit gathered, the power of the light width was strengthened.

This time, even Tabu didn't have the nerve to hold on. Riding away in a wide range, he began to disturb the battlefield with indescribable strange movements.

creative? No, it was primitive.

Whenever they approached with elastic movements like monkeys and delivered heavy attacks like rocks, Shirone and the others could only block them.

'Is this Mara's power?'

The power itself may be inferior to that of the Whirlpool Snake, but if you rank it, the taboo is much higher.

In terms of speed, strength, balance, and even combat intelligence, it surpassed the whirlpool snake, which was only large.

If Ikasa hadn't lost his power, wouldn't this monster also have been disastrous?

The moment Tabu's fist flew at Shirone, a shadow wall rose from the floor.

bang! A noise erupted from the other side of the shadow.

Tabu did not reap the attack. It was just frantically pushing him in with his fists on.

As the fist pierced the shadow wall, it hit Shirone's forehead.

The first barrier absorbed the shock, but it felt like the world was spinning.

Canis rose from Shirone's shadow.

"It's impossible with a normal attack. Open Immortal Function right now."

"What are you talking about? When did it open?"

Kanis put on an absurd expression. He knows best the power of the Photon Cannon, which is cast in Immortal Function state, having experienced it himself. You mean you couldn't even get hurt?

"Is the laser impossible?"

"Wouldn't that be difficult? It's small and fast."

Energy concentration takes more than 5 seconds. It was an unreasonable tactic against a taboo whose movement pattern was unpredictable, unless it was a big guy like a whirlwind snake.

"Let's try anyway. I'll try to stop him, so attack him then."

Kanis cast the power of darkness. The shadows gathered like capillaries grabbed Tabu's ankles, climbed up his knees, and tied them tightly to his wrists.

As Shirone's laser hit Tabu, her body gradually began to heat up red. If it stayed like this, no matter how strong the durability was, the explosion would be a matter of time.

"Ha ha ha! satisfied! That's it!"

As Tabu, who had inflated his thighs, leaped, the power of darkness that held his limbs tore like paper.

His figure was dotted in the sky in an instant.

Is it a bunch too? The Power of Darkness specializes in engineering power, but it is not strong in physical power. A much stronger restraining force was needed to hold the tabu.

"Canis! Give me a little more time!"

Shirone decided to take a chance on photon modeling. It was once evaluated as inefficient, but things were different now that Shining Impact was a success.

While Harvest was dealing with Taboo, Canis saw the spheres of light gathering towards Shirone.

Considering that the intensity of the light is weak like in Shining Impact, it was an attempt to reduce the vibration of the particles.

It's a nice idea, but will it work?

 -Even if you suppress the vibration, you can't grow it to a size that can be shaped. Like Shining Impact, it eventually explodes.

 -no. I guess it's not compression?

At Harvest's words, Canis turned her head again.

What Shirone molded into a sphere of light was a ring small enough to be made with her index finger and thumb.

'That child! no way... ... ?'

A startling thought flashed through Canis's mind.

Clearly, light magic cannot be modeled as precisely as dark magic.

However, the modeling itself may not be impossible.

The ring of light created by Shirone began to repeat itself over and over again.

A shudder ran down Canis' spine as she watched the scene.

There was, a form that could be created with photons.

fractal structure.

A fractal is a copy of its own form to form a whole.

Shirone came up with a way to collect the smallest particles to make the simplest form and then replicate it infinitely.

Once a form was completed, it took an instant to print it out.

Chains spewed out like streams of light from the spheres of light gathered between Shirone's palms.

Since it is a method that reverses the attribute, the consumption of mental power is inevitably worse than that of ordinary magic, but it was the only strategy that could be tried against taboo.

Tabu, who was chasing after Canis, realized something strange and turned to Shirone.

Chains tens of meters long emanated light and swayed around Shirone.

The ability of light called the power of an angel. Among them, it was the most difficult form of light.

"What an insignificant human being!"

The taboo shouted and ran. Shirone, who confronts him, also swings his arm and throws the chain.

Chains entwined in the form of spheres began to wrap around Tabu's body. It started at the ankles, wrapped around the waist, and dug into the armpits. Then I turned my neck and came down in an X shape and wrapped around my thighs.

Kak! There was a sound of stones scraping.

Taboo's fist stopped just before hitting Shirone on the bridge of the nose. His trembling fists represented his anger.

"Great!"

Tabu couldn't budge.

As the links of the gravitational chain pulled each other, the tensile force was growing stronger.

Even the slightest movement of the body would dig into the gap and tighten it.

Lee Ki-rin, head of the Fairy Department, looked at the taboo wrapped in the chain of light with disbelief.

who the heck is that boy?

Even among the angels who deal with light, there were only a handful of people who could use molding techniques.

What made it hard to believe the situation was the same for Canis.

It's not just a chain. It was formed with fractal technology and created tensile force using mass.

It was on a different level from Shirone's magic until now. The magic corresponding to the Photon Cannon exists in other classes as well. The same was true of lasers and beam widths.

However, the magic of the chain was an area unique to God Particles that no series could imitate.

 -The battery of the unlocker is evolving at a frightening speed. It is magic that defies common sense whenever it comes out. Following Shining Impact, is it Shining Chain this time?

Canis remained silent. While it's nice for his comrades to be strong when he has to bring his friends back, his innate belligerence was feeling defeated.

 -Kanis, your heart is beating fast. don't mind too much You came to heaven to be strong. If it's you, you can surpass Shirone.

 -yes. I'll have to get over it someday For now, let's focus on the situation.

Consoling herself like that, Canis walked to the place where Tabu was tied up.

=======================================
[203] 2. The Age of Turbulence (3)





"Big! It can't be like this! What I do... ... !"

Tabu crouched down with all his might.

As the mighty physical force pulled the chain, a sense of resistance was immediately transmitted to Shirone's brain.

It was formidable strength.

Shirone further increased the tensile strength of the Shining Chain with the durability of the Geumgang Buddha.

Unable to hold on, Tabu's body stretched out wide, and a scream of anger burst out.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The cost of resistance was high. Chains of light burrowed through the hard surface of Taboo, breaking.

The limbs were grotesquely bent, and the back was bent at impossible angles that would soon break.

"Quack, heck, heck."

Taboo was ridiculous.

It was the first time in my life that I had such a miserable appearance. Even for mere humans.

"Yeah, you got the catch. But what are you going to do now? How long can you not hold out?"

Considering the durability of the tab, the only way to remove it is with a laser. However, the problem was that other magic could not be cast while the gravity chain was maintained.

Iruki, whose thought circuit is unique, uses the Double Spirit Zone, but it is extremely difficult for a normal human to have two thoughts at the same time.

Of course, there are rules with exceptions, but most magics inevitably have delays.

For example, there was a case where other magic could not be cast during teleportation.

In particular, Shining Chain was a continuous magic that consumed mental power in real time like Fire Wall, so it was impossible to attack Tabu with other magic.

"Where have you taken your friends?"

"I went to the angel's resting place. To give birth to the Nephilim. Kuck, that's too bad. Because I am not your child."

Bloody eyes rose in Shirone's eyes.

The word Nephilim did not even come into my ears. I didn't know the circumstances, but I knew that something terrible was about to happen.

Taboo pulled his tongue out to the root and shook it.

"Kekeke! give up! You who are at a loss even for a single Mara will never be able to be saved. By now, women are miserable... ... Kuck!"

As the chain of light tightened with great force, Tabu's neck snapped.

A grinding sound could be heard from Shirone's molars.

"Be careful with your words. I won't let you go."

"Ha ha ha! Exciting? But why don't you listen a little more? This is an incredibly funny story! Is it really a forbidden fruit?"

Shirone raised the tension to the limit.

He didn't know how far the limit was, but right now he just wanted to make sure that Tabu couldn't talk.

"Kuaaaaa!"

A scream broke out.

An irresistible force began to oppress me.

Taboo had a hunch.

This was the end of myself.

"Don't be arrogant. i come back I will come to you on the day when human depravity reaches its peak! certainly... ... Wow!"

Hard!

Goosebumps emanated from Tabu's entire body.

Unlike the sound of human bones breaking, it was the sound of hard rocks crunching.

When the Shining Chain disappeared, only Tabu's corpse remained. Her whole body was grotesquely twisted, as if she had crushed a clay doll with her hands.

Kanis was cold at the power of the Shining Chain.

If the taboo were to be crushed, it would have been able to crush quite a few creatures with ease. Like a rabbit caught in a trap, it has no choice but to be deprived of the right to escape from life and death.

As soon as Tabu was extinguished, Shirone fell to the floor. His shoulders trembled as he gripped the soil with both hands.

I didn't feel the thrill of succeeding in magic, nor the sense of accomplishment in defeating the taboo. Amy, Tess, and Arin are kidnapped. And said to give birth to the Nephilim.

A maddening urge pounded in my chest. She had never hated herself so much.

Feope flew to Shirone.

Because she was a master of magic, I was able to guess just how much mental power goes into the Shining Chain.

"you... ... It's fine?"

Feope mustered up the courage to ask, but Shirone didn't even respond. He listened closely and heard a mutter, 'It's because of me.'

Peope, who had a tantrum for no reason, pointed and nagged.

"you stupid! So why do you grow your business like this? Even if it is a fallen angel, it is a higher law than Sharmain. What will the people of this district do in the future! all because of you... ... ."

"Aaaaaaa!"

Feope's shoulders shook.

Shirone's face was a mess when he raised his head.

Anger, resentment, and sadness mixed together, like a person falling down a cliff.

"because of me... ... Because of me, Amy... ... Tess is... ... Arin... ... . All because of me."

Feope couldn't nag any more.

Shirone's gaze was not that of a living person. I couldn't find the appearance of Ilhwa denying alcohol and shouting at Lee Ki-rin.

"Women will be safe. So far."

Shirone looked back at Girin. Immobilized at the cost of her pretense, she was lost in her thoughts with her serious face.

"All right? How are you safe?"

"The reason Ikasa took the women was because they were virgins. It is to insert angelic information into the body of a woman who has not given birth to a child, and conceive a Nephilim."

said Canis.

"Isn't that more dangerous then? I don't know about you, but humans have chastity."

"What you think will not happen. Angels consider it a shame to have relations with humans."

said Ryan.

"Are you saying the opposite is possible? There is no guarantee that it will not happen in the worst case scenario."

"Possibility and probability are different. Angels are a species with both sexes. Therefore, they can relate to humans, but they will not do anything to defame them under any circumstances."

Shirone regained hope from Girin's words.

If an angel is a ruler who upholds principles and beliefs, there is still a chance to rescue them. In addition, depending on the situation, Amy and the others may also create variables.

Lian put his hand on Shirone's shoulder.

"Shirone, how are you? Have you calmed down a bit now? I've never seen you so angry."

"Sorry, I was too excited. I should have thought of rescuing my friends."

"It's fine. Because I wasn't crazy either."

Anyone would have. Just as Amy was precious to Shirone, Tess was a friend she depended on to Lian. He also had an existence that Kanis must protect.

'scale... ... .'

Canis' heart was burning like never before.

It is Arin who protected Radum's cruel life. But she is so easily taken away.

Why couldn't he run straight to Ikasa?

because it is weak Hope, happy future, those things made my heart weak.

'Arin, wait a bit.'

Canis decided to go back to her days as Radum's wild dog. If he was given another chance, he would not regret his life and focus on destroying the enemy.

Shirone asked.

"tell me. What must I do to get to the angel's resting place?"

Peope asked as if it was absurd.

"You know what? Are you really going to get it?"

"Of course I should go. Do you know how to get there?"

Of course you know how. Besides, I had a rough idea of ??where Amy and the others had been taken. But because of that, he also knew that Shirone couldn't go. It was an angel's resting place that even Girin could not enter without permission.

"I can't let you in! Don't you know what I mean? Whether it's a heretic or a Nephilim, if you go, you'll die!"

"You don't know until you try."

Feope beat her chest as if frustrated. Shirone also defeated a formidable enemy called Tabura, but the level of the angel was different.

Even the fallen angel, Ikasa, would die if he tried to attack with a skill that could not be matched.

"Calm down, you fool! The place you are going to is the sixth thousand jebul! This is where real angels live!"

Angels are strong. It was not that he was stronger than anyone else, but that he was a being at the top of all living things since he was born.

But Shirone had to go where they lived. Amy and her friends were waiting.

"Peope, if you were taken by someone, how afraid would you be?"

"What are you talking about, all of a sudden?"

"What do you think? Wouldn't it be eagerly waiting for someone to come and save it? Wouldn't he be encouraged by the thought that his friends would not abandon him?"

Shirone bit his lip.

"Maybe I can't get it. But don't destroy the hopes of your friends. If we give up here, the captives will have nothing left."

Feope couldn't admit it. No matter what kind of misayeogu you wrap, it doesn't change that you die.

If everyone is faithful to their own death, the world is harmonious. Why do humans regard the impossible as beautiful?

A Mecca man approached.

"The resting place of angels is the sixth heaven, Jebul. Geographically, it's right next to Sharmain. But it's a 5th level or higher area, so you can't go right in. You have to go through the procedure and turn around from the 2nd millennium, which will take a few days."

"There is no procedure required. How long will it take in a straight line?"

"Go straight. It would be impossible to cross the barrier of Heaven anyway, and if we were to go directly to the Sixth Heaven from here, it would take about a day."

It was a lot farther than expected. Judging by the speed of Ikasa's flight, she should have already reached her destination.

In a situation where it was unclear whether or not the jebul was allowed to enter, a one-day suspension was tantamount to a death sentence for the women.

"There is one way."

A man in his 50s walked by. Judging by his appearance and clothing, he was an old man.

"Is there a way? How?"

"I'm going to District 1 from here. It is the innermost area of ??Sharmain. Since it is close to the center of heaven, it will be possible to shorten the time by going to Jebul from there along the central road."

Heaven is divided into six equal parts of the pie centered on Arabot. Therefore, the closer to Arabot, the shorter the arc length, so it was possible to drastically reduce the movement line.

"How long does it take to get to Area 1 from here?"

"About 12 hours?"

Shirone became sullen again. It would be shorter than a day, but it was still too far to do anything.

A smile formed on the corner of the Norse's mouth.

"If you go the usual way. There is a portal in Sharmain managed by the Norse. If you use the light spot, you can go all the way to Area 1 at once."

There was such a way. Shirone, who had traveled through a spot of light in Purgatory, realized that the man's method was the only solution.

"Please take us there. Are there any other problems?"

"If you have to question it, it must be that it is strictly controlled by the subjects. But I can handle that. Because I'm the controller on duty there."

Shirone shuddered, unable to even laugh at the joke. For the first time, I had hope.

perhaps... ... Maybe you can save your friends.

Kanya came over with tears in her eyes.

"I'm sorry, Shirone. Just because of our family. But... ... thanks. really... ... ."

Shirone wiped away Kanya's tears. In exchange for denying Ilhwa's alcohol, his friends were in danger, but how could it be his subjects' fault?

True power hides behind the system and is invisible. He knew where the arrows of his wrath should be directed.

"It's not your fault. Don't worry, I will definitely save my friends."

"Wait!"

Lena ran from the fork in the plaza. She was hugging the Mecha equipment, Cigna and Xd.

"I brought it just in case you didn't know. I wonder if it will help."

Items in Mecca are privately coded, but the sword and shield belonged to public equipment, so anyone could use them.

Rentals are prohibited by law, but no one paid attention to Ilhwa's drunken yard.

The equipment will be needed by Ryan.

Wizards have a gimmick that twists the phenomenon, so they can cause variables even when fighting strong enemies, but the swordsman was all about honest brute force. As such, the proportion of equipment occupied was high.

=======================================
[204] 2. The Age of Turbulence (4)





Lian received Cigna and Xd and examined them. Relying on someone else's weapon would hurt the prosecutor's pride, but Lian wasn't going to argue about that when his friend was in captivity.

"thanks. But I might handle it harshly."

"it's okay. No, it doesn't matter if it breaks. Please save my sisters."

Feope was lost in thought.

Just a little while ago, they were the subjects who were worried about their lifespan decreasing day by day.

But what about now? In order to crush the misfortune of others, each person was carrying a risk.

Why does the law control man?

Its population is maintained, its lifespan is controlled, and it cannot even go out of Heaven. What kind of danger is the increasing number of humans perceived by Ra as a danger?

"Are you really going?"

Feope couldn't understand herself asking such a thing.

Ever since I met Shirone, everything has changed. he was confused It was a lump of rock thrown to the surface of heaven.

"You know, I have no choice but to go. Thank you earlier. for avoiding a fight. Actually, I didn't want to fight with you either. It's like lightening the sins of Kanya and Lena, and I think we have something in common."

Feope tried to ignore Shirone's words. He didn't want to hear that there was anything in common.

How can fairies and humans communicate?

"From now on, take good care of your subjects. If we return safely, then we can become closer."

Shirone turned to face the unpredictable future.

Feope's small heart thumped. The figure of Shirone following the Norse was blurry, as if it were covered in fog.

"Then will you save me too?"

Shirone looked back at Peope. After her hesitation, she mustered up her courage to ask again.

"If I get caught, will you come to rescue me? So... ... As long as we are friends."

Shirone said with a friendly smile.

"of course."

Feope lowered her head. Is it natural? If so, Shirone will die.

He was walking toward death.

"Even if you go to District 1, you won't be able to cross the Gate of Jebul. I have a way to save the girls. So, I will go with you."

Shirone's eyes widened.

He said there must be a way to save it. As of now, I couldn't even imagine how.

"Really? Can you really save it?"

"I can't say for sure. But if you go by yourself, you will surely die, so I will go with you."

Shirone looked at Peope with a thrilled expression. Feofe, his face reddened, turned his head away in anger.

"huh! No need to think weird. I just felt a sense of responsibility to see this case through to the end."

Lee Ki-rin calmly accepted the current situation.

It was against the law for the subjects to help Shirone and for Feope to be led by humans.

'Does it have to be like this in the end? No, if this is also a law that cannot be violated... ... .'

Girin Lee, who made her decision, opened her mouth.

"Peope, come to me."

Feope's shoulders twitched. Now that I see it, it was a situation where I made my own decision without the manager's permission.

Contrary to expectations, Lee Ki-rin did not get angry. Instead, she closed her eyes and relayed her memories to Feofe.

New information began to settle in Peope's head one after another.

"This... ... ?"

"Peope, take my memories and go. It will help you move in jebul."

Memory transfer between fairies is common, but the case of transfer from a higher sequence to a lower sequence has a special meaning. In other words, it was like a letter of appointment to perform duties on his behalf.

A leader of the 72nd class of fairies. Realizing the sincerity of the sky-like senior, Peo Pe recalled the image of herself full of complaints and dissatisfaction and lowered her head.

"I'm sorry, boss. For disappointing me again."

"I have never been disappointed in you. You are a fairy born in a turbulent time in heaven. Everything that happens from now on will be different from the law you know. So you have to see everything with your own eyes and judge."

Feope's eyes were wet with emotion. For the first time since he was born, he saw Gi-rin's smile.

"You have a tendency to be confused, but that is why you are a self-aware child. Remember that the spiral goes straight, looking in all directions. I believe you, Peope."

Feope wiped away her tears and nodded her head vigorously.

The fact that she was recognized by Lee Gi-rin increased her courage a hundredfold.



Shirone and the others left the plaza with Peope.

The portal controller arrived at the Norse building not far from the central plaza.

The interior was as complicated as a maze, with magic circles drawn in each room and different spirits staying.

When I opened the iron door installed in the corner and entered, the spirit of light floated alone in the center of the dark room.

The controller approached and gently grabbed the elemental. As the spirit stopped moving, his arms began to glow white.

"If you use the power of the spirits, you can go all the way to Area 1 at once. But it takes time to gather emotions. It will take about five minutes."

Having experienced it in purgatory, I didn't have any questions about it.

While waiting, Shirone looked at Peope, who was floating at eye level. He stuck out his small buttocks and waved his transparent wings.

Shirone raised her index finger and poked her dainty ass.

Feope was startled and covered her hips with both hands.

"Hey! what are you doing now?"

She was a one-year-old fairy, smaller than the palm of her hand, but still seemed to be a woman. She, of course, had no intention of making fun of her. Except for the part where her wings move, there was only one part left.

"Thank you for your help. Let's do well in the future. Thanks to you, I have hope."

Feope pursed her lips. But he must have read Shirone's true feelings, and he turned back to the light.

The five minutes of waiting passed slowly. This phenomenon was also the relativity of time.

Canis asked Peope.

"A guy named Taboo, is he really dead? No, to be precise, is Mara a being that can be killed? Before he died, his son did that. If something goes wrong with humans, he will come back."

Shirone also suddenly became curious. No, it was a key question. This is because if Mara is an entity that cannot be destroyed, the approach to combat must be different.

"Hmm, how do I explain this? Extinction is right, but not eternal death."

"Please explain in an easy way."

"Because Mara is an existence made up of the concept, even if you die, you will come back to life someday. In heaven they call it reset."

"How long does it take to initialize?"

"It's not set in stone, but it won't be revived right away."

"If you kill, you die."

"It doesn't. But if we look at it from a different angle... ... ."

"it's okay. You just need to know that right now."

Canis thought of nothing but battle. To get Arin back, he has to become stronger than he is now.

I started a simulation to increase my mental power by 1 second. In magic school, it was a concept called sequence formula.

"Okay, think as you like."

Feope waved her hand as if telling her to take care of herself.

Shirone thought it was more important to get more information than the sequence formula.

More than anything, there were still stories left unheard.

"You said there was a way to save your friends, right? How? Can I tell you now?"

Feope rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought.

To be honest, it was an operation with no guarantee of success. But it was far more realistic than running into the abode of angels unprotected.

"Rather than a method, there are people who love humans very much. I thought maybe I could help you guys."

The controller announces that the ancient magic is ready to be cast.

After walking into the group of lights, Shirone couldn't control her curiosity and asked again.

"Really? Who is he?"

Peope said with a reverent heart.

"The chief of the angels, Archangel Ikael."

A pillar of light ascended.

3. Eternal Ra (1)





After saying goodbye to the manager at the exit of Sharmain and walking for about 30 minutes, we arrived at the fortress wall where the tall tower of the 7th Heaven Arabot was visible.

Feope said that there would be women in the sixth thousand ancestral rites. It was because the virgin conception was made with the wine of life, and the person in charge of it was the archangel Kariel.

Shirone said.

"How do I get into jebul? There is no way to get through the gate."

"right. So I'm going into Arabot."

"How can I enter the place where the gods live when I can't even worship Buddha?"

"That's why I'm getting help from Ikael-nim. He even served as the archangel, so he might let you in if you ask."

"That is even weirder. Even if you are an archangel, you are a being in the 6th heaven, how can you open the gateway to the 7th heaven?"

"That's because Ikael-nim is currently staying in the 7th Heaven."

Shirone tilted her head. It was unexpected that the Archangel was in Arabot, leaving behind his district, Jebul.

"Is there something we don't know about?"

"yes. Ikael committed a certain crime and was disqualified from being an archangel. But her Ra loved her so much that instead of degrading her as a fallen angel, he exiled her to her Arabot."

It was a rather shocking story. If you imagine the existence of God through experience so far, it was a harsh judge who put the law first.

It was strange that such a god made an exception, but it was also strange that he exiled to Arabot rather than the second heaven.

"What kind of angel is this? What did he do?"

"I don't know about that."

"what? How could you not know? It would have been a huge issue if it had risen to the level of the archangel."

"Perhaps it was. But we all forgot about it. All I know is that Ikael committed a great sin and is now exiled to Arabot."

Shirone felt a sense of horror at Peope's words. Forgotten meant that I knew it originally, but that my memory had been erased.

Even if you erase someone's memory, someone else will pass it on. Judging from the propagation speed of information, it could not have happened without erasing everyone's memories at the same time.

said Ryan.

"From lifespan to memory? It is literally omnipotent. How old is God? He must be 100 million years old?"

"Age is meaningless to God. Because it's the beginning of everything. we don't know the beginning Since you don't know where you started, you don't know how old you are either."

said Canis.

"doesn't care. I'm not going to fight God. If I save the girls, I'll go right back."

Shirone listened intently to what Canis had said were women, not Arin. Normally, they quarreled, but in their hearts, they seemed to be attached to each other without realizing it.

Upon arriving at Arabot, the party looked up at the wall. Although it is the inner city of heaven, the walls are higher than the outer city. Moreover, there was no device that could call Ikael.

said Canis.

"Can't you just wait until she walks the dog?"

"huh! It's only now that you're so arrogant! Without Ikael-sama's help, I can't even enter the fire."

Although she is helping Shirone, Feope was the courtier of heaven. It was unacceptable for Ra to disparage an archangel respected by his subjects to the extent of erasing the memory of their sins.

Shirone said.

"I will apologize instead. It's because your nerves are sensitive. Anyway, what are you going to do from now on?"

Feofe didn't shoot any more because she knew that their situation was urgent.

"great! Then, I will try to talk to Ikael-nim from now on."

Shirone asked with her eyes shining.

"what? you can do it?"

"No, I can't."

"... ... Are you kidding me?"

"The truth is, what should I do? But it's not very unlikely. Because Ikael-nim might be watching us."

=======================================
[205] 3. Eternal Ra (2)





what is this again?

From Arabot to here, it was blocked by a barrier, and the distance was long. I don't know what Ikael's eyesight is, but there was no chance that he was looking at this place.

"Don't be so disappointed. Because 'seeing' for angels is different from 'seeing' for humans. There are various perspectives of 'seeing', but among them, 'looking down' is the ability to see what you want to see. In short, angels can see everything if they want to."

At first, the imagination did not go well.

According to Peope, it meant that if you thought you wanted to see something, you would just watch it.

Even the 100-eyed monster in fairy tales did not bother the prince with such absurd abilities.

"It's true. The reason why Ikasa arrived first after Ilhwa's drinking was broken was because he was looking down on Sharmaine. what... ... Because you're petty like that, you're still living as a fallen angel."

Since the fallen angels living in the 2nd heaven are inferior to the fairies living in the 4th heaven, Peope criticized Icasa without hesitation.

It was a passage where we could see how far down the abyss an angel with the highest position in heaven can fall when he commits a sin.

"But if you can see what you want to see, it means angels know everything in the world."

"Not necessarily. It's hard to decide what to watch. lets think. If you could look down, would you be able to grasp the whole world?"

"no. It will be difficult."

Shirone recalled the time when an angel came to Nord's shelter.

Gadlock said: An angel could find this place if he wanted to, but that wouldn't happen.

"Because no one checks their fingerprints every day."

"what? did you know about that? That's it. Anyway, if Ikael-sama is looking over here, he might be able to respond to my voice."

Canis was upset. Originally, mages dislike relying on probabilities, but in this case, the degree was too severe.

"It's a slim chance. This could be her fingerprint. Besides, where is the guarantee that she will help us even if she is looking down?"

"There are no guarantees. I came along to give you even the slightest hope. The one waiting for us wherever we go is Archangel Kariel. Do you see what I mean? Even if you die and wake up, you can't win."

Shirone faced reality. If the person with his friends was an archangel, he had to find a helper of at least the same level to get a chance to escape.

"okay. Let's do it this way. I will trust you."

Anyway, thinking that the Norse was suspicious, Feope clicked her tongue. Anyway, she also saw her own potential and jumped in.

There is no angel who checks fingerprints every day, but if it is Ikael, just in case. I heard that she is benevolent and often looks down on her subjects.

"Then let's begin. Don't touch me once the conversation starts. Because I don't want to disrespect the archangel."

Feope closed her eyes and focused her mind. Her petition spread in concentric circles.

Shirone waited impatiently. However, even after 5 minutes, there was not much change in Peope.

Is it still impossible?

The fear of losing hope of rescuing his friends far outweighed the disappointment of failure.

As the party's hearts fell into despair, Feope's body trembled.

After a while, hot tears flowed from her closed eyes.

"Ah, Mr. Ikael."

Shirone looked back at Peope as if her head would break.

It was clear that a conversation had begun with Ikael. I managed to endure all kinds of voices, remembering Peope's request.

Feope and Ikael had a long conversation. He always nodded his head and sometimes answered with a voice out of his mouth.

"all right."

Feope had her eyes closed for a long time with a smile on her face. Unable to get out of her excitement, she suddenly opened her eyes and made a fuss about her.

"Did you hear? did you hear You accepted my conversation! my conversation!"

"Of course I didn't hear. What did you say?"

"Ah, Ikael-sama... ... You looked down on me!"

Seeing Peope looking up at the sky with wet eyes, Shirone couldn't dare to ask. He allowed his emotions to explode until he felt like it before he could get his words out.

"So, they say you freed your friends?"

Feope suddenly came to her senses. He was distracted by the fact that he had a conversation with the archangel and forgot the most important information.

Peope's expression became a little sullen.

"no. Master Ichael said that because he had sinned, he couldn't even step out of the room."

"what? Did you fail in the end?"

Peope made an effort to put on a bright expression.

"But they said they would help us. You should be able to get into Arabot. However, there is one condition... ... ."

Canis, who had reached the limit of her patience, shot at Peope, who had reached the limit of her patience, at Peope, who was trying to speak but looked at Shirone and the others.

"what? I'm running out of time, so tell me quickly."

"Shirone... ... He said he wanted to meet only the boy named. By the way, who is Shirone?"

Canis and Lian turned to Shirone.

Peope doesn't know anyone's name yet. This is because, as long as he knew that his name was the key to controlling his lifespan, he thoroughly concealed his name.

When the gazes of the two pointed to one person, Peope widened her eyes as if in surprise.

'The name must have been Shirone.'

Until just a moment ago, in Feope's eyes, Shirone was just an aggregation of countless concepts.

It felt vague and abstract, like an impregnable fog.

But now it was different.

Shirone.

The moment he recalled the three syllables, Shirone's actions, thoughts, and emotions were integrated into his mind.

"Shirone only? Any special reason?"

"I don't know. I wanted to ask, but for some reason I don't feel like revealing it."

Kanis thought it was better. To make good use of his limited time, it was more efficient to focus on individual duties rather than traveling in groups.

"Then Shirone goes to see Ikael. After all, it seems that she will not be able to escape without her help."

"What are you guys going to do?"

"We are going to Jebul. From the 7th thousand to the 6th thousand it will be a free pass. I'll go to Amy's first. If it's necessary, I might be able to take my time."

It was the best strategy available in the current situation.

When the agreement was over, Shirone looked back at Feope. He meant to let him into the ara boat.

But even Peope didn't know how.

Embarrassed, the moment she stuttered and tried to think of an excuse, the surroundings were bathed in bright light.

Feope was thrilled and clasped her hands.

"iced coffee... ... Ikael."

A huge light engulfed Shirone and the others.

There was nothing left in the place where the light sucked toward the point had disappeared.



@



Seventh Thousand Araboth.

Shirone looked around with a trembling heart. He has arrived in the most sacred place in heaven.

The top of the spire was obscured by clouds. Peope said that Ankera was staying at the far end.

Her voice as she explained was also trembling.

"To come to the place where the constellation of God is. I have never had such a glorious day in my life."

"So, you only lived a year, didn't you?"

Feope glanced at Canis.

"It doesn't matter if it's one year or 100 years. This is not a place where you can come because you have lived for a long time."

"But isn't it too quiet for that? They say God lives there and there are no guards."

"yes? What does that mean?"

"No, even though the existence of God lives, no one is protecting it."

Feope suddenly stopped and looked at Canis with a blank expression. It was as if he had heard that 1 plus 1 is a window.

"Are you serious? Ra is protecting us. How do we keep God?"

Shirone realized it belatedly and nodded.

"ah. I see."

Ra is not a king in the human world.

If he was a pan-cosmic absolute, even for someone to protect him would be demeaning.

Arriving at the spire of Arabot, Shirone and the others prepared to part for their respective missions.

Ikael wanted to meet with Shirone alone. Since the Archangel's help was essential to recover Amy's group, Lian and Canis were not dissatisfied with the discrimination.

Feope, who had the mission of guiding Shirone to Ikael's room, passed on the memories she got from Girin to Canis and Lian.

A rough map of jebul was engraved in their heads.

"Where the women are is probably the Great World War in the far east. It's where Kariel-sama lives."

Canis traced Lee Gi-rin's memories and found the location of the Great World War. It was a long distance even by teleportation. But the real problem wasn't the distance.

"What you need to know is that no one can enter the Great World War. It is the place that governs the movement of the world, so it is surrounded by the highest level of security."

"What if it's a security device? Are there any obstacles?"

"At that level, it's nonsense. In a word, there will be no great world war."

"Please don't be offended and explain so I can understand."

"Some technologies in the Mecca system can change the information of a specific space. In other words, it was sent to another dimension. In order to enter the great world war, the mecha system must first be shut down."

"How do I block them?"

"If you look at Jebul's map, there's a portal to Ingris. It is a place that controls all information in Heaven, and the Mecha system can be blocked from there."

"what? Ingris?"

It was the place I heard about when I made a contract with the Kergo chief. Kadum asked Ingris to convey his will, but he didn't care at the time either. Because he has received nothing, he is not obliged to fulfill the contract.

Looking at the situation like this, I thought that refusing their entertainment was an excellent decision.

But to Kanis, Ingris meant something special.

It was the reason why he came to heaven even after abandoning the metagate, and it was the place where Arcane was presumed to have gained the knowledge that enabled him to become a great wizard.

Analyzing the notes left by Master, Canis focused on mythology.

If heaven is a place that has had an impact on mankind since ancient times, its records would have permeated into mythology, not history.

While studying the ancient books, I realized that there is a place that appears in common in different myths.

That's Ingris.

It was a hall of knowledge where all the secrets of the world were recorded.

"I'll take over there. While Lian goes to the great world war, I will disable the mecha system. It might give you some time."

It was a good way to buy time, but it was no different from asking them to go into the limbs.

But Lian thought that was what he could do best.

"I agree. We'll go to Jebul right now. Shirone, you always find a way."

"yes. Be careful too. I'll be there as soon as possible."

Without even having time to watch her friends head to Jebul, Shirone entered the tower.

A vast interior with no pillars was spread out. The floor was made of glass, and there was not a speck of dust, let alone footprints.

Peope led Shirone to the corner of the tower, relying on the memories Girin had passed on.

"what? Why is there nothing?"

According to my memory, there must have been an elevator in this place. But looking around, there was no visible device.

At that moment, light leaked from the cracks in the floor, and there were flashes of blinding light.

Shirone looked back at the changed scenery.

We arrived at a place where the corridor stretched like the backbone of a fish. Every 10 meters there was a road on both sides, and a golden iron door stood at the end of the corridor.

Peope looked back at Shirone in front of the iron gate.

"From here on, it's Ikael-sama's domain. As promised, I can't go in. Angels can communicate with all beings, so you won't need me. Just in case, I will send you the map of Jebul."

=======================================
[206] 3. Eternal Ra (3)





Shirone closed her eyes and received the memories Peope gave her. It was a warm feeling.

"Thank you, Peope."

If it wasn't for Peope, I wouldn't have come this far. If Amy and the others were rescued safely, Shirone would be happy to give all the credit to Peope.

"huh! what am i I just followed you because I was so curious about what you guys were doing. I know it's because I'm never going to care anymore."

Feope didn't want to admit it until the end, but Shirone knew. The heart is soft and pure. That is why, while enjoying a long lifespan, one cannot ignore human pain.

"Peope, you will definitely become a great fairy."

"it's okay. get in quick I'm too tired and I don't want to be here anymore."

Feope moved in the direction of the door opening. He was curious about the inside, but he didn't dare to look around the angel's room.

When Shirone entered the room, the iron door closed with a thud.

There was only one door between them, but Peope felt that Shirone had disappeared from the world.

A feeling of loneliness came over me when I realized that there was no one left around me. Is the apex of the world so lonely?

"Sheesh. I'm going back, what."

After recovering from her troubled heart, Peope took the elevator of light and arrived at the first floor.

When I arrive at Sharmain, I will report to Girin. We must protect her until the cost of her true name is over. And if you ask for sleep, the next day will lead to the same routine as usual.

thud. thud.

The ground rumbled at the entrance on the side Peope was facing. It was the sound of someone coming in.

Just hearing the sound made Peope's face pale.

I could still only see a shadow, but it was clear that it was a giant. If the floor is shaking, how big is it?

A giant appeared from the entrance.

Contrary to expectations, it was not as large.

He was only a little over two meters tall, which was less than the average of a dwarf for a giant.

However, judging from the clothing, Ilhwa's level of drinking seemed quite high.

Broad shoulders and a well-developed lower jaw. His forearms were hard as rocks and his eyes were burning.

Feope, who realized the identity of the giant through source knowledge, forgot to even wave her wings. Then, just before he crashed, he managed to balance himself and fly up.

'Oh my gosh... ... . Who am I looking at?'

It was Ymir, the king of giants.

The reason why the ground vibrates even though he is not big is because the muscles that make up his body are that heavy.

The strongest giant in history, said to have reached over 10,000 people in the anecdote, was approaching.

Upon discovering Feope, Ymir's gait gradually became faster.

The status of a giant is lower than that of an angel or Mara, but Ymir is a different story.

According to source knowledge, it is said that several worlds were destroyed with only the power of the body.

In terms of simple force alone, it was a being with more power than a middle-class angel.

Feofe gulped and waited for Ymir to come.

When he stopped with a thump, a greeting came out involuntarily.

"Ah, hello."

Feope felt regret for her careless judgment.

The giant is Matei of the 5th thousand, and the fairy is the Maconom of the 4th thousand.

Therefore, fairies did not have to pay homage to the giant, and rather, whenever they met, they kept each other in check and talked badly about each other.

"Who the hell are you?"

"Ah, I am Peope, the spirit of the spiral."

Feope swallowed her saliva. I didn't know how the giant, who was an enemy, would harm me.

However, contrary to expectations, Ymir greeted them warmly.

"Yes, I have heard of it. I heard that an oddball was born in the fairy world, so it's you."

It was the first time I heard about it. It was probably a conversation between the higher laws.

He's a geek anyway. What did he do to make such an evaluation from his superiors?

"You look cute. So, why did you come all the way to Arabot?"

"Ah, I was entrusted with acting as the head of the Fairy Manager, Ki-rin Lee."

Feope looked around like that. Of course, it was true, but he felt guilty because he seemed to have sold and ate Gi-rin.

However, it was time to mobilize even those who didn't have any personal connections to put an end to the situation.

"I see. I heard that Ikasa came to Sharmain. Did he catch heretics?"

"Yeah, it seemed like that. Right, do you know what happened to the women who were captured?"

Feope wanted to hit the lips that moved differently than she thought.

Now, what do you mean by asking such a thing?

It was already over what he could do, and it was over when he went home.

But contrary to his heart, his ears were erect to catch Ymir's words.

"It looks like you are in Kariel's laboratory. She said she found the meta gate. Because of that, the Great World War seems to be turbulent."

It was obvious disrespect to not use honorifics for Archangel Kariel, but Ymir didn't mind. That alone gave an idea of ??how great a warrior he was.

"Oh, I see. But is it a fuss?"

"They say that the lost coordinates are remembered in the metagate. I'm not interested in difficult stories, but war will break out sooner or later. That's why he came to beg Ra. I want my body back."

"Oh, I see."

The story of Ymir's disembodied body is famous in Heaven.

If Ikael was deprived of his strength by committing a great sin, Ymir was deprived of his original body simply because he was strong.

Ymir was strong. It was too strong. So Ra had no choice but to set physical limits for Ymir.

This was also against the law, and was one of the few exceptional cases in the history of heaven.

When Ymir raised his hand, Feope frightened and closed her eyes. It felt like a huge barrier was approaching.

But what I felt was a soft touch. The giant's fingers stroked Feope's hair.

"War is unavoidable anyway. When the war begins, fight with me. If you are by my side, no enemy will be able to touch you."

"Ah yes. Okay."

As Ymir passed Feope with a smile in his eyes, the ground started shaking again with a thud, thud.

It was only after he arrived at the platform and disappeared in fragments of light that Feope could barely breathe a sigh of relief.

"Phew, I passed it safely anyway."

It was embarrassing to be scared by a giant, but it could be said that he was confident enough against Ymir.

I try to rationalize that... ... It was true that it was a memory that I wanted to erase honestly.

Feope shook her head and left Arabot. The route to Sharmain was quickly drawn in his mind.

But she was looking elsewhere. Again her mind was confused.

Great World War. metagate. War.

After Ilhwa's drinking broke, unexpected words continued to be heard.

Peope wandered around and was conflicted. His desire to run away and the desire not to do so were colliding.

I heard Shirone's voice in my head.



- You will definitely become a great fairy.



Feope grabbed her head and shook it. However, the language that was already embedded in his thoughts could not be easily shaken off.

"Oh, really! I'm going crazy!"

Peope flew at high speed. One fairy headed to Jebul, the resting place of angels.



@



Anke Ra was staying at the spire of Arabot.

An omnipotent being who can freely control the lifespan of his subjects and even manage their memories.

Ymir climbed the tower to have an audience with the great being.

Ymir, king of giants.

The strongest giant in the history of Heaven.

The art of anecdotes is divided into 10 final stages until reaching the perfection of a creature. And Ymir was the only giant in the final 10 stages, unprecedented in history.

Even Ymir couldn't help but be nervous right in front of the god's throne where Anchera was staying.

The top floor, which soared into the sky, was less than 1/100 of the area of ??the first floor.

Arriving on the platform of light, all he could see was a rough iron door.

"Anchera, your servant requests an audience."

Ymir waited for a while.

The iron door began to vibrate, and the gap in the center widened and opened inward.

Ymir moved without roughness.

ridge. ridge. ridge.

Expansion was heard regularly. It was a sound that was eaten inward, like a loose drum being beaten.

It was a room that was less than 100 pyeong.

Hair-thin bundles of nerves spread out in all directions, filling the cracks in the floor, and gut-like hoses hung from the walls.

The nerves on the floor rose and groped Ymir's ankles, then fell off as if they had lost interest.

Ymir knelt down in front of Ra.

"Ymir the Giant greets Anchera."

ridge. ridge. ridge.

A huge chunk of meat over Ymir's shoulder greeted him, beating like a heart.

Weight 26 tons. It was reddish-brown, surrounded by slime, and had a featureless disintegrated appearance.

The midsection was bulging while the extremities were like stretched balloons.

Bundles of intestine extending from the extremities filled the wall, and nerves extending from there extended to the floor and rippled like waves.

Ra's body was as if all the organs that make up living things were put together.

It was the heart and the brain, the digestive and sensory organs.

Ra's nerves began to run wild around Ymir. Then the center of her chunk of meat bulged and she tore open with a crackling sound. Huge pupils popped out as her epidermis opened up and down.



Anker Ra (Eternal Ra, Dating Undeterminable).



The aperture of the pupil, the size of a person's face, narrowed and then expanded to focus.

Then came a high frequency sound that pierced the eardrum.

"Kik! giant... ... Squeak! Ymir, why me... ... Squeak! Did you come?"

Even with the noise of scratching nails on a steel plate, not a single expression of Ymir had changed.

"A group of heretics entered the sacred heaven. Those who denied Ilhwa's drink have been handed over to Kariel and are preparing to receive the drink of life."

"know... ... there is."

Ra's voice calmed down little by little. It was still a high tone, but no more noise.

I know everything. So she decided that Ymir hadn't heard back yet. But no matter how long she waited, nothing came out of Ra.

"What is your intention?"

"nothing. I... ... Should I care?"

"This is unusual. It is said that the coordinates of the world that have not been penetrated so far are recorded in the metagate. This is a golden opportunity to convey the will of Ra."

"E-mi-le."

For three syllables, the tone of Ra's voice dropped precipitously, followed by a majestic voice.

"I am the beginning and end of the world. Everything is connected to me, so I don't have to worry about anything."

Ymir pursed his lips.

It is omnipotent. Therefore, any event will be included in his domain. However, he couldn't get his body back and retreat.

"I want my body back. Please melt the wall of ice that never melts."

"Ymir, were you not my servant?"

"Don't misunderstand. A giant is one who keeps the law. This is also to keep the law of heaven."

"No."

Ymir raised his head with burning eyes. But when she faced Ra's great one-eye, all her emotions dissipated.

"One giant step may be louder than the blasphemous actions of a billion heretics. Especially if the owner of that step is Ymir, the king of giants."

"Do you doubt my loyalty? Do you think I will rebel against the great you?"

"You, Ymir, do not misunderstand. Your power breaks the balance of the world. Do not forget that the law exists to maintain the whole."

After saying that, he closed his eyes. As the gaps in the mucous membrane were completely closed, the intensity of the beating increased.

ridge. ridge. ridge.

=======================================
[207] 3. Eternal Ra (4)





Ymir knew his time was over.

Indescribable resentment and anger were engraved in his eyes as he slowly turned his body.

If Ra is so, then it is.

But his intuition was saying something different to Ra. No, he was realizing the truth Ra was hiding.

'I'll have to check it with my own eyes.'

Ymir headed for Zebul, the city of angels.



@



Shirone entered Ikael's room and looked around.

It was different from what I had imagined. The scene of the room, with tables, chairs, beds and carpets, was no different from where humans live.

Still, I didn't think it was human.

The sun was shining on everything. As if isolated from the flow of time, not a single flaw was visible.

The feeling of seeing something completely flawless was truly bizarre.

It was so subtle that the human eye could not see it.

However, anyone present here will be able to feel the innocence close to perfection.

Shirone held up the teaspoon on the table and looked at his face.

As expected, it was frighteningly clean to be a human artifact. I wondered if this is what the holy things in the human world are like.

'what? Come to think of it... ... .'

The most important Ichael was missing. Feofe said that it was clear that she couldn't go out.

Could it be that he deceived himself?

With a frightening thought, Shirone wandered around the room. Again no one All things are clean. It was perfection that bordered on horror.

Suddenly, a beautiful melody lingered in my ears. Shirone stopped and looked at the window five meters high.

A clear sound like a harp was starting there.

Angel's vibration.

As if possessed, he approached the window.

Sunlight from the window began to hit the form. When I woke up, a woman was sitting on the windowsill looking out.

It was a beautiful face that no painter could draw.

Shirone confirmed that an asteroid was floating above her head. It was a bright and warm feeling that was incomparable to the fallen angel Ikasawa.

As her figure was revealed, wings of light sprouted. The gigantic wings of light spread to Shirone's eyes.

"Welcome, Shirone."

Shirone was convinced.

She was the Archangel Ichael.

The first causal entity. Among them, it is a symbol of nobility that God cherishes the most. Such an existence was in front of his eyes.

Ikael landed lightly on the floor.

Being over two meters tall was daunting, but those physical features couldn't mask her warmth.

It was a strange feeling that cannot be described in words. Even calling her beautiful seemed to condemn her.

Is this what goodness looks like in form? If Jin was realized in the time and space of the maze, Ikael was good.

Ikael looked around where he was going to sit with a mischievous expression on his face that did not match his mature appearance.

However, he sat down in his seat as if he was nowhere to be found.

Shirone looked at the sight of Ikael's skirt slowly sinking down in dismay. Then, Ikael, who was sitting with his calves pressed together, knocked on the floor and called for Shirone.

"Come, come this way."

Shirone felt an irresistible temptation and clung to her.

They were so close that their skins touched each other.

Maybe she recommended the floor because she wanted to see it up close.

As expected, Ikael stuck his face in. The corner of her mouth went up as she stared at Shirone.

When Shirone lowered her eyes in embarrassment, she finally spoke.

"I wanted to meet you, Shirone."

"Yes? do you know me?"

Ikael scratched his eyebrows in embarrassment.

Her behavior was human-like. It was quite shocking to think that even the fallen angel Ikasa had reached the peak of arrogance.

"It doesn't matter what you know or don't know. How much you know matters. But you know, that's not something that can be explained in words, right?"

Shirone mustered up the courage to examine her face. As they sucked each other's eyes, a sense of unity sent electricity through their bodies.

Then he raised his head and looked at the asteroid. It was my first time seeing it up close.

It was a very strange sight to see the light floating above my head.

The thought of staring at it for too long made Shirone hurriedly come to his senses.

"Oh, sorry."

Ikael shook his head as if he was okay.

"The Astral Body is the spirit of an angel. Humans enter the spirit zone through concentration, but the angelic zone is outside. This is called over spirit."

Upon hearing the explanation, Shirone's Starlight looked different again. It was as if the four-way breakaway type was always maintained.

It is literally the spirit of an angel.

it was all about her

As expected, Ikael added a comment, probably a little embarrassed.

"Originally, it was brighter than now. But because I made a mistake, Ra controlled the power of light."

"What crime did you commit?"

As soon as the question was asked, Shirone hurriedly apologized.

"Oh, sorry. What am I doing... ... ."

"it's okay. Even though I made a mistake, I still do not regret it."

For some reason, Shirone found himself relieved. I don't know what he did wrong, but wouldn't it be shameful if the person concerned didn't regret it?

"there... ... ."

Shirone hesitated.

I know it's a ridiculous request. But when her thoughts went that way, she couldn't give up.

"Tell me. You can say anything."

"only once... ... ."

"Yes?"

"Can I touch you just once?"

Ikael blinked, then burst out laughing as if he finally understood.

It was an unexpected request.

There is probably not a single person in all of heaven who wants to touch the luminous body of Archangel Ikael.

"Yes. touch it."

"Hey, isn't that rude? Just in case... ... ."

Ikael shook his head as if he didn't mind.

Only then did Shirone feel relieved and stretch out her hand.

The asteroid that I directly touched was both light and energy. A pleasant sensation ran down the back of her hand.

"It's warm."

"That's because Shirone is a warm person."

"lol."

It was the first comfort I enjoyed after coming to heaven. She seemed to have no need to worry about her world if she was with her.

I wanted to be with her forever.

At that moment, Ikael's hand approached. Her stunned Shirone backed away, making excuses as she couldn't hide her bewildered expression.

"ah... ... My hair is messy."

"Haha, I ran hard. Actually, a lot happened."

Shirone shuddered and brushed his hair. He was just surprised that his body would touch him in a state where his mind was not ready.

At that moment, Shirone's eyes widened. It felt like I had been hit in the head with his hammer.

How can I do this without going crazy?

I completely forgot that the most important thing was left.

"Oops! Amy!"

Shirone jumped up.

Do you think of your friends now? That said, meeting Ikael was impressive.

"Help! Your friends have been captured! He said he would give birth to Nephilim with it, whether it be the wine of life."

"Oops. It's a big deal."

"They treat them like heretics or something like that, but they are absolutely not bad kids. No, even if it is, I can't understand why they're being held in this way."

Ikael thought for a moment.

"Shirone, do you like your friends? Enough to risk your life?"

"Yes! Sure!"

Ikael nodded as if that was enough.

"like. But Shirone, if you want to save your friends, there is a story you must hear."

There seemed to be no story to be heard in the current situation.

However, since it was the words of Archangel Ikael, it was difficult to refuse. Above all, the words 'if you want to rescue your friends' were decisive.

"Is this what I need to hear? what is that?"

"About Heaven. And about a woman named Miro."

Shirone was startled. Because she didn't know her name would come out of Ichael's mouth.

Adrias Miro.

When I first came to heaven, I thought that she was just one of many unlockers.

But the more I got to know her, the more I realized that she had a deep connection with heaven.

I wanted to know what kind of person she was.

"Do you know the maze?"

"Yes. I've met you. i like her Of course she will hate me."

Shirone was shocked. He said that Ikael and Miro had met. Especially she didn't understand that Miro hated Ichael. From his experience, Ikael was a good angel.

"It won't take long. So could you please let me brush Shirone's hair for a moment?"

Ikael's asteroid spread in the form of a ring.

As the intense light rotated through the ring, a comb made of light was born in her hand.

photon shaping.

It was also an instant creation of a tool as delicate as light.

No matter how strong an angel's mental power is, the characteristics of light do not change.

It was a tool that could only be created through a complex battery that was incomparable to the Shining Chain.

Shirone realized that all the answers were in the Astral Body.

It was also the moment when Ikasa felt an unapproachable aura, and the star light spread in the form of a ring.

"How did you shape the photons? Does it have anything to do with the Astral Body changing?"

"The halo can process a lot of information quickly. Call it Halo. For example, it's like the magic circle that humans use. The halo spins at the speed of light, assembling countless concepts."

Ikael cited the magic circle as an example, but when he heard it, it was rude to even compare it.

It was literally a way to assemble concepts at the speed of light.

It was said that even if dozens of wizards rushed at it, it could not catch up with the speed of one with a tidal wave.

"Then let's begin. Lie down, Shirone."

Ikael pointed to his knee. It seemed that she couldn't bear to comb his hair.

Shirone assumed that there must be some meaning this time as well, and lay down as she told her to.

After all, where is this luxury?

As I lay down on the archangel's lap and looked up at the heavens, Ikael raised a comb and brushed through my hair.

'what?'

Shirone felt his consciousness become hazy.

As the combing continued, it felt like my consciousness was being pulled out in chunks. I didn't want to pass out. Friends are caught. If you miss the flow of time, it's the end.

'no. not... ... .'

Shirone's eyes closed.

Ikael studied Shirone's sleeping face and looked up with sad eyes.

Many thoughts ran through her head. And she seeped into Shirone's spirit through the comb.

As if reading a fairy tale to a child, Ikael started the story in a beautiful voice.

"A long time ago... ... ."

4. Heaven's Truth (1)





The Great World Exhibition in Jebul was Kariel's laboratory and an astronomical observatory that supervised the operation of the world.

Since the space was erased with a special function of the mecha system, no trace could be found, let alone entry, as long as the security device was in operation.

As befits a place with the Chinese character , it was a vast space that could contain Alpheas Magic School.

The overall color was a mechanical indigo blue, and tens of thousands of electric signals were shining on the hemispherical ceiling.

A hologram of a globular cluster of stars was slowly expanding in space to the northwest.

At the center was a giant steel sphere, over 30 meters in diameter, with two belts rotating along its orbital and rotational orbits.

Amy's party sat side by side near the globular cluster with their wrists bound with steel handcuffs.

Ikasa, who kidnapped the women, expected to be reinstated as an angel, but returned to the second heaven in Kariel's silence.

Since arriving here, that was the only enjoyable moment for Amy and her friends.

Conversely, other than that, everything was not good.

No way, I didn't know that someone of the level of an archangel would handcuff him.

=======================================
[208] 4. Heaven's Truth (2)





The handcuffs were engraved with a pattern similar to the henna I saw at Nord's Shelter, but they didn't move as if they were fixed in space and couldn't even cast magic.

I wouldn't have used this method because I was afraid of humans.

Amy thought of a frog caught in the lab.

The reason for tying up the limbs before dissection is not because you are afraid of frogs.

When I thought about it, I got goosebumps.

At least, it was said that struggling was a natural thing to do.

Tess and Arin were also keeping silent, probably thinking the same thing.

As if if I didn't make a sound, the current tension would be maintained forever.

The only consolation was that Tess didn't have a drone on her wrist.

Arriving at Jebul, she flew the drone without Ikasa noticing.

It was a base for those who received Ganja's education.

'What happened? Why can't I see anything?'

But her efforts were useless right now.

The drone is able to guide Syrone and the others to arrive as quickly as possible, but nothing appears on the retina screen.

She didn't know that space itself was isolated as a function of the Mecha.

Kariel inspected the machine about 70 meters from the globular cluster.

It was a gigantic pillar that reached all the way to the ceiling, and thousands of panels were emitting various lights.

Kariel was floating 10 meters high, arms crossed, staring at the screen.

The screen was filled with complicated symbols that Amy and the others couldn't understand.

Amy examined Kariel's halo.

Ikasa's ring was so huge and clear that it was impossible to touch it.

Schematics and formulas appeared and disappeared like afterimages inside the boundary line, and whenever they did, the screen of the mechanical device was rapidly changing.

 -System check completed. Let the wine of life begin. Please enter the molecular structure of the genetic material.

An eerie woman's voice came from the ceiling.

Even Arin could not analyze the voice of the machine. But trying to telepathize with Kariel was crazy.

Kariel, who had been staring at the screen for a while, flew to the women.

I heard a low-pitched vibration like a contrabass.

he was a young man He was tall, two and a half feet tall, and wore a white robe. His luminary body was so bright that it felt like a hole had been punched through space.

Amy mustered up her courage and glared at him.

If something had to happen, he would be the first to act. It was because she didn't want to think of Tess or Arin suffering first when she was caught with her friends.

"Aren't you ashamed of being an archangel? Aren't you going to take off these handcuffs quickly?"

"It's a low-level, human-like idea. I have redeemed you in order to fulfill my duties as an archangel."

Arin, who was watching Kariel closely, bit her lip.

This kind of menarche was the first time.

All I could see was a vibrating string. The vibration was shaking in a complicated way, showing a form, but even that was unclear.

Kariel only existed by chance.

Amy shot again.

"A job? What are you trying to do to us?"

"Come to think of it, you forgot my introduction. I am Archangel Kariel. He is dispatched to the occupied area under the order of Ra and is in charge of implementing the art of life. Now I will administer the wine of life to you also. It is an honorable mission, so accept it happily."

"You are laughing! What nonsense are you talking about tying people up! Get rid of this quickly!"

Amy shook herself. Since the handcuffs were fixed at waist level, all he could do was stomp his feet like a child complaining.

Tess, who was brooding over Kariel's words, asked as if wondering.

"for a moment. occupied territory? So, you mean attacking other worlds from heaven?"

Kariel was lost in thought. The law is always right. However, to convince humans, a different method of communication was needed.

"It's just conveying Ra's will. God loves humans and wants them to last forever. Your world will sooner or later submit to the will of Ra."

Terrifying thoughts seized Tess.

According to the idea she had just recalled, Ra was the tyrant of the universe. It crossed my mind that the subjects of Heaven must also have been residents of the occupied territory somewhere.

cried Amy.

"We saw the drinking of anecdotes! Is that how you love humans? It's no different than a perverted killer!"

"I don't understand. Humans mistake love for power. He doesn't think that being loved by someone is a great ability. Ra cares about you simply because you are beings to whom you can give names."

Amy recalled the life book. Fairies control the lifespan of their subjects through their names.

But isn't a name given to anyone? What does giving a name mean to Ra?

Tess said sarcastically.

"So, what are you going to do with us? Since you are handcuffed, will you at least brandish a whip and love me?"

"You have an important mission."

"mission? What mission?"

"To conceive my child."

The faces of Amy, Tess, and Arin all turned red at the same time. Goosebumps made her hair stand on end, and her irritability soared.

Amy shouted, unable to control the shaking of her chin.

"It's like a pervert! touch my body I won't let you go!"

"What a pitiful response. do not worry. It's just relaying the angel's information to your body."

Tess was even more annoyed by that. For example, it was the language of perverts who tried to accurately express what they knew clearly.

"In short, I don't mean to play dirty with us."

Kariel showed a displeased look.

"Human expression is vulgar. The Art of Life is a high-level technique that only I can do among the archangels. Do not compare it with the reproduction of lower human beings."

 -The preparation of the drink of life is complete. 100% information integration rate. Would you like to duplicate?

Just then, a woman's voice was heard from the ceiling.

Kariel flew up into the sky as if there was no need for words.

"a copy."

 - Replicates genetic material. Time required 2 minutes 30 seconds.

Kariel's asteroid expanded into a ring over 20 meters in diameter.

When I put my index and middle fingers together, a bead-sized light was born from my fingertips.

It was small in size, but strong enough to light up a great world war.

Kariel returned the halo to the asteroid and returned to the women.

A diamond-shaped glass panel emitting a purple light was made at the tip of the finger where the light had disappeared.

"In this panel, near-infinite life information is stored. Got it? In order to create humans, we need information from all life forms that existed before humans."

"What do you know! Whatever it is, we won't do it!"

cried Amy. She was so full of energy that she was going to die, but when she explained it, her annoyance soared.

However, Kariel continued to explain without an audience, as if she had a lot of pride in her art of life.

"The information of angels is delicate and complex. This is also the reason why the success rate of Nephilim in women who have given birth to a child drops significantly. In that sense, you are on the lucky side. Because I have the honor of being able to directly bear the descendant of a great angel."

"The Nephilim... ... What are you going to do after giving birth?"

"I am sending you to another world. In this case, it will be your world."

"Are you going to edify the humans there and offer them to the gods?"

Kariel kept her mouth shut at the point-blank question.

It was like that after all. The woman in the occupied area gives birth to Nephilim, reforms the people there, and leads them to the gods.

Tess realized that the Nephilim were spies of some sort.

That is what it means to be free from the law.

There will never be a way to impose the laws of one's country on a fighter hiding in an enemy country.

Kariel held out the floating panel at her fingertips.

"do not worry. I'm just passing on information, so I won't feel shame."

When a glass panel is attached to the forehead, glass thorns protrude and become embedded in the brain like roots.

Through that root, angelic information penetrates and creates life from a woman's body.

Kariel held the glass panel to each of the three women's foreheads as if they were the right size.

All of them had tall and pretty foreheads, so they seemed suitable for rooting.

"Hmm, that's right. Shall I let you decide? Who will be the first to be subjected to this glorious art?"

The three women shouted at the same time.

"I will do it first!"

The women looked at each other as if they hadn't expected this reaction. The fact that we were fighting together gave us courage again.

Kariel was satisfied.

In order for the art of life to succeed, the angel's information must be accurate, but the mother's role was also quite important.

The probability of success is about 1 in 30, and if it fails, it will go into shock to the brain and die.

However, the more mentally strong and the better the physical condition, the greater the chance of success.

In that respect, all three women were excellent choices.

 - Replication of genetic material is complete.

When a voice came down from the ceiling, Kariel raised her hand.

Panels of the same shape were created on the left and right of the vertically floating glass panels.

"Good sisters. Since there is no distinction between superiority and inferiority, let's plant them at the same time."

The three panels that left Kariel's hands came closer, swimming in the air.

Amy's party was seized with uncontrollable rage. Only now did I realize it clearly.

Archangel Kariel was the worst pervert.



@



Ryan and Kanis arrived at Jebul.

As soon as I crossed the fortress wall, the scene of the Buddhist memorial service was confirmed in the shape of countless discs spreading outward. It was like seeing a floating city built on a lotus flower.

As expected from the outside, the inside of Jebul was a labyrinth of dimensions.

Space and the way it leaps through space was too complicated for human thinking to calculate.

There must be some rules, but the two didn't have time to think about them.

I followed the memory Peope gave me and only moved my steps according to the coordinates.

After going to the same place several times, Kanis was able to find a portal to Ingris.

"Let's break up here. Even if you know the way, finding it is another matter. It would be good if at least one person went first."

"Are you okay? If I can't unlock the mecha system, there's no point in me going first. If there are enemies in Ingris, it would be more effective to defeat them together."

Canis looked back at the portal.

There was no special device in sight, but from the memory Peope gave, this was Ingris.

The odds of Ingris having enemies were slim, as she hadn't encountered anyone so far.

But the enemy, if any, was at least more than a mara.

In that respect, it might be better to move together as Lian said.

But Kanis didn't change his mind.

You don't know how long it will take to unlock the mecha system. Under no circumstances was it a good idea to waste manpower.

"Anyway, nothing is certain. There is no guarantee that it will be easier just because the two of you go. Let's each do what we can. That's for the best now."

Ryan was convinced. After arranging the Cigna and Exd given to him by Lena, he headed east of Jebul.

Kanis took a deep breath and stepped onto the platform.

I didn't have to do anything. As soon as I stepped on the coordinates, a crack in the floor opened and a light exploded with a bang.

While I closed and opened my eyes once, the scenery had changed.

Angel's Library Ingris.

Contrary to the warm feeling contained in the word library, it was a mechanical landscape with no humanity in it.

There was a cross-shaped path based on the central control unit, and the walls were plastered with vertically erected rectangular panels.

Harvest appeared displeased.

To him who feels the world through vibrations, Ingris is a space filled with vibrations without any margin.

Canis looked to see if there were any enemies.

I'll probably have to go around all the corners, but so far I haven't seen anything that stands out.

=======================================
[209] 4. Heaven's Truth (3)





"Looks like no one is there."

"It's better. Whether it's mara or an angel, honestly, I don't have the confidence to fight them."

Canis tilted her head. It was because I didn't know that Harvest, who had inherited Arcane's memories, would make a weak sound.

"You are different from Master."

"Memory alone does not determine personality. 'Cause I'm designed to protect you To put it bluntly, I wouldn't be able to complete the mission without Ikael's help."

That's what it is. The key to returning to the original world was held by Shirone.

Kanis was hurt by his pride at not being able to be the main character, but he wasn't stupid enough to hurt teamwork.

"Still, if the mecha system is not released, there is no chance or anything. Shall we take a look?"

Canis looked around and moved on. Then he suddenly felt strange and approached the wall.

The panels attached at regular intervals were similar to books placed in a library.

I felt a slight tremor as I groped the panel with my hand.

The moment I pressed it, there was a clicking sound.

It would have been a waste if the alarm went off, so I hurriedly retreated. There was a hum and the panel popped out.

Canis grabbed the panel and pulled it completely out. A rectangular electronic board, transparent like glass, was connected to the panel.

I tried standing it vertically and laying it horizontally.

The moment I touched the panel side with my thumb, letters made of light were engraved on the glass plate.

'Right. It's an angel's library.'

Kanis realized as she recalled the enormous amount of panels embedded in Ingris.

Ingris was a space filled with knowledge.

Touching the flashing arrow on the panel turned the page. As she turned the page in admiration, the text continued endlessly.

It was a high-density information system that could not be compared to a book.

Since I couldn't read the text, my eyes naturally went to the numbers written under the glass.

The first thing that came to my mind was a note left by Master.



Ingris

113-325-4739-49359-234



This was all the records Arcane left behind. Perhaps it is a serial number that identifies the location of the panel.

Kanis was sure that Master had been to Ingris. And here he must have realized something, he must have discovered a way to enhance the dark magic.

Canis examined the text on the glass plate. He couldn't even figure out how to pronounce it.

"Harvest, do you know what these letters are?"

"no. It's the first language I've ever seen. Do you think you need Arin?"

At that moment, the letters began to collapse, and the language they were using was engraved on the glass.

"Automatic language conversion? Nonsense."

Ingris is not a space created for Kanis.

Therefore, it can be assumed that all kinds of languages ??that exist in the world are recorded on the panel.

It was a frightening information accumulation rate.

Kanis looked at the letters engraved on the glass plate again. Written on the page was information about the dream. He glanced over and began to read aloud.

"... ... Dreamo is a world you can enter through dreams. The method is to find Louver, a dreamer in a dream, but concentration is required to find him because he is in a place where he is out of touch with the incident. I usually cook at home or take care of my children. It is not too difficult to tell them apart because only the louver is colored."

went to the next page

"When you see him, hand him the money and tell him you are looking for work. Then, he will arrange for you a few jobs that you can do in your dreams, but if you refuse three times, you will be sent to Dremo. If you find a job you like, you can enjoy your dream until you want it, but when you wake up, you won't remember it."

Canis pursed her lips and turned to Harvest.

Harvest shrugged and turned his head back to the panel to read the contents.

"Since time does not exist in the world of Dremo, there are many objects that defy the laws of cause and effect. To bring an object into reality, five conditions must be met. First, you help the owner of the object and receive the object in return. Second, go to the government office and report the theft... ... ."

"then no. It is forbidden by law."

Kanis's voice suddenly cut off.

Slowly turning her head, there was a dainty-looking woman standing in the first corner of Ingris.

The skin was mauve, and the eyes were sharply slit. Light green curly hair was plentiful, and a red triangle floated above her head.

It was a piece of mara.

Canis and Harvest, whose liver sensations soared, glared at her without even moving.

"Please, could you slowly put it back in place? Even an archangel is forbidden to read Ingris without the manager's permission."

Canis didn't take her eyes off her and put the panel back in place.

As the panel was pulled in, it became indistinguishable from the other panels.

"I'm sorry. It's my first time here."

Deciding to give her time to think, Kanis apologized first.

"It seemed so. Because if you're a subject, you can't break the law. Anyway, it's been a while since heresy came in."

Kanis realized that the shape of her mouth matched her pronunciation.

I wasn't talking through telepathy.

"How do you know our language?"

"Whoops, I'm a language collector. Besides, his name is Ingris's caretaker, so why not talk to him? In fact, if you count the number of times, it's quite good. People who speak the same language as you."

The person who immediately came to mind was Arcane. Then, he remembered the Unlocker party that Chief Kergo had sent.

"Do you know someone named Kadum?"

The janitor shouted, showing his anger.

"Aha! were you that? Of course you know. Heretics came 200 years ago in your time. I asked for the lifespan of a person named Kadum to be extended by 300 years."

Kanis was convinced after hearing her words.

It was clear that Ingris had a place that controlled human lifespan.

But how?

It was a phenomenon that could not be explained simply by the fact that the degree of information integration was beyond imagination.

"Is that possible? How do you change a person's lifespan?"

"Ha, this question gets asked a lot. I don't know, but I don't know how to get here."

The janitor walked around with his hands behind his back like a teacher. There was a lot of affection in her eyes as she looked at her panel.

"How can you change your lifespan, because this place is connected to the Akashic Records."

The Akashic Records were also known by Canis. It was a word that I often came across while researching mythology.

A collection of supernatural information that contains all the records of the universe.

The fact that the same word was used in heaven also meant that the contents of the myth were true.

But it was an unconvincing theory.

"Impossible. You are lying."

"Hoo? why?"

"Because a record that contains everything in the world cannot exist in the first place. How do I verify that that's all there is to it? In the end, it was an exaggeration to some extent."

"Hmm, sure, humans are humans. Well, with your level of thinking, that's right."

Canis was a little choked up.

"So you mean no?"

"The Akashic Records are not that grandiose and grand. This world is just the Akashic Records."

"Tell me so I can understand."

The caretaker's eyes lit up as if he had a good idea.

"Since you are human too, I will borrow the explanation from Mecca. Multiply 2 by 3, then add 1 to what is it?"

"Seven, of course."

"yes. That's the way humans think. Humans can find the answer by finding the problem. It is said that you can get an answer only if you know the formula."

"What is that about? So are you different?"

"Not different. Then I'll present the problem in the way of heaven. I just got the answer 7. Guess what formula I went through to get to 7."

Canis kept her mouth shut. I don't know. Because there are infinitely many ways to get to 7.

"You understand now? The Akashic Records are just the answer. Shall we borrow a Norse horse this time? Can you use any expression to fully describe Ingris?"

Language cannot fully convey the original meaning. But now Canis realized what the Akashic Records were.

"Ingris."

The caretaker nodded in satisfaction.

"That's right. Ingris is Ingris. Ingris existed even before you came. But to you, this place must have been a non-existent existence. Why?"

"name... ... Because I didn't know."

This was a serious situation. Kanis realized why Ra needed a name to control lifespan.

name. That's all.

"Now you can talk. To stone or wind, the world does not exist. A complete nothing. Even though it actually exists like this. It's because you don't have the ability to give meaning. When we give the name of the universe to the universe, the universe comes into being."

Heaven doesn't try to find the right answer.

Because there is no right answer or all. Rather, they were distorting the truth by changing the formula to reach the correct answer.

It doesn't matter whether the correct answer 7 changes to 8 or 9.

No matter what answer comes out, it will be everything in the world, and that's why it will be perfect.

"Man always searches for the only truth, like an idiot. where is the only truth No matter how the world changes, that is all."

The janitor pointed to the panels.

"Ingris has access to the Akashic Records using the Mecha System. Twist the formula and change the truth. This is called hacking, and a human lifespan can be fixed in no time."

Canis felt a sense of crisis. The technology to destroy the truth with Mecca's ability was a level that could never be reached unless the paradigm of mankind changed in an innovative way.

The caretaker clicked his fingers to get his attention.

"Stop the explanation and if you're here to make a deal, let's go over there. Because you can change your lifespan from the central control unit."

The janitor gave a sneering glance and pointed to a mechanism standing in the center of the intersection.

Kanis recalled the image of the black dealer he had seen in Radum in the past. Then, all of a sudden, the situation felt unreal.

Mara belongs to Heaven, and she is a heretic. Why doesn't she harm herself?

"You want to make a deal? You should know what the situation is like outside right now."

"yes? ejaculation outside? What's going on in heaven?"

"You don't know?"

"Of course I don't know. I am Ingris' caretaker. Just processing the information here is daunting. I haven't been outside in tens of thousands of years."

Kanis had a hunch that what she said was true. Except for the part where she talked like she was busy and didn't care.

She is quarantined here.

Even he thought it had to be.

When a custodian with the authority to amend the Akashic Records comes into contact with the world's information, something terrible may happen.

'Somehow, I thought it was strange that only one Mara was managing it. Well, is it better for me?'

In any case, a conflict with the janitor is unavoidable. Because if she only makes a deal and goes back, she won't be able to watch Jebul's security device be unlocked without her noticing.

"If it's a deal, what kind of deal are you talking about?"

"Oh, yes. Why are you doing this when you know everything? I mean life, life. Anyone can extend your lifespan."

"What price do I have to pay?"

The caretaker winked, slightly lifting his thumb and forefinger.

"Very cheap. All it takes is one word."

"word? To pay for a word?"

"As I said before, I am not a collector of languages. smart thanks That's why Ingris manages it too. Any word doesn't matter. All you have to do is sell me one word you know."

"If I sell a word, I won't know the word, right?"

"right. I'll never know the word for the rest of my life. It will be erased from the Akashic Records. but doesn't it matter? It doesn't matter if there is not a single word."

As the manager said, there are many words in the world that you know but do not use.

If it's something like double swearing, what difference does it make if you don't use at least one?

However, I was rather anxious because I thought the price was too cheap.

=======================================
[210] 4. Heaven's Truth (4)





"I don't understand. Why do you have a contract like this? I understand that Ingris' caretaker cannot meddle in the affairs of heaven. But you also follow the law. Selling one's life to a heretic wouldn't be a normal mission."

The caretaker blinked blankly.

"You are very straightforward. Usually, you know this but pretend not to know. good anyway I took Ingris librarian because I have the ability to pick up concepts. for tens of thousands of years What could this mean? can't do anything here So i need words To get out of here."

It was an absurd sound. However, it was not impossible in theory.

Mara's lifespan will be close to eternal life. She doesn't know how much is left, but if she puts the words together, she will get there someday.

"So you're trying to become the Akashic Record yourself."

"Ho Ho! That's right! I realized while controlling the information here. I can be a god too But one is missing! That I only took out information about getting out of here. have to fill it up! So Ethan is my main customer. If only I could get out of here, I would be greater than Ra!"

Harvest spoke through the mental channel.

 -Kanis, this woman is dangerous.

Kanis's thoughts were also a bit tasteless.

One day, the words will be put together to complete the Akashic Records, but no one knows when.

Of course, the feeling was understandable.

If he had stayed in the library for tens of thousands of years, he would have gone mad.

Madness gradually seeped from the caretaker's eyes.

"Are you going to do it or not? It's been a long time since I've been in the middle of a long time. Do you have any other ulterior motives?"

A bluish aura ran through Mara's body. Her strong hostility came through.

If you don't trade, it's a battle. But can we win? If you die here, your friends' efforts will be in vain.

 -Kanis, this is a dangerous job. You have to be careful.

Canis also guessed the risk now.

The suggestion that one could live longer by selling a single word was tempting for any human being.

Honestly, when I first received the offer, the first thing that came to my mind was myself and Arin.

What would the world be envious of if lifespan increased to 300 years?

But they didn't.

The Unlockers who came here 200 years ago extended the lifespan of Kadum and returned to the original world as per the contract.

The reason was simple.

Because you have to reveal your name.

It was the same reason why Canis didn't risk his life.

Is it really safe to tell Mara, who can control all information, her name?

When he learned the word canis, he had no idea what kind of request the half-insane Mara would make.

 -I know. But I can't wait forever. The mecha system must also be turned off.

As Canis remained silent, the caretaker's face contorted like a monster.

It was just before the runaway.

'Even if it's a piece of Mara, a head-on confrontation is at a disadvantage. I have no choice but to waste time signing a contract.'

I didn't think anything serious would happen if I skipped a single word.

However, those who came 200 years ago said it was definitely not a lucrative business.

It was said that it suffered a huge loss considering that the officer's influence on history was inevitable.

'Anyway, they made a deal. that's for sure What the hell happens when you sell a word?'

Canis imagined the situation 200 years ago. He couldn't think of anything.

Then a thought struck me. Obviously, if Master had come to Ingris, what kind of choice would he have made?

'I see! That was it!'

Canis directed the operation.

 -I'll take my time. You look for the panel with the serial number written on the memo. something will be written

 -What are you going to do? Even if it's an enhancement method of dark magic, it's not something you can do right away.

 -no. Master must have known that Ingris had a caretaker. Still, leaving only the serial number might not be what we were looking for.

 -Right. okay. But the number is complicated and it will take a while to find it.

Harvest, who disappeared in Canis' shadow, was absorbed into the darkness and escaped to another place.

"Okay, let's make a deal."

When Canis said as if she had given up, the caretaker's face instantly brightened.

"Good idea! So who? Shall I extend your life?"

"no. It's Kadum again."

"Oh, yes? I don't know who that person is, but I'm very blessed."

"Instead of... ... This time, instead of increasing it, return it to its original state. If it was Ingris, would it be possible?"

The caretaker blinked incredulously.

It was the first time that people asked for a lifespan to be restored, even though there were many people asking for a lifespan increase.

An evil smile spread across her lips.

"It's gonna be fun. Do you think something happened?"

Kanis responded with the same smile.

Kergo's chief, Kadum, is starving his tribesmen to death for his eternal life. Canis, who knew the pain of starvation, didn't like him.

After all, he is a human who has lived for another 300 years with the money he extorted from the tribesmen.

You should think that it's fortunate that you don't kill it right away and return it to its original lifespan.

"Good good. I like things like this."

The janitor banged frantically on the central control unit.

Canis pretended to like her and watched what she was doing. I'm not familiar with the machine, but once I looked at it, it would be helpful later.

"Okay, that's it. I restored life to its original state. Of course, there are some differences from person to person. Because it's different to accept time. Still, this person probably won't live long. If you subtract 300 years, you're almost at your biological limit?"

"doesn't care. You lived long enough."

"Ho-ho-ho! I've lived a lot for a human being. Well then... ... ."

Canis stepped back in surprise. Suddenly, the manager's eyes changed.

I expected it to some extent, but I got goosebumps when I saw the sudden change in my mental state. I just hoped that Harvest would move a little faster.

"Contract complete! Shall we take away the words then?"

"Keugh!"

Sensing a headache, Canis frowned. I don't know what kind of ability it is, but it's an out-of-regulation.

The problem was that it was a contract, not a price.

If it is a rule out of mutual contract, even if cancellation is impossible, it does not violate the equivalent exchange.

"Damn it! Didn't I choose the words?"

"Knock! Of course! I'm just going to look at the liver. huh? It's okay. Let's see what words you have. oh, this is good I like this too! I'm going crazy because I like everything!"

Seeing the janitor screaming with an ecstatic expression, Canis corrected her misunderstanding.

It's not to the extent that it's slightly tasteless. It was similar to the obsession seen in number-crazy nerds.

 -Harvest, are you still far away?

 -wait! I found the second item.

The second serial number meant that there was still a long way to go.

Canis was thinking of using magic to stretch time.

But the magic didn't work. When I came up with any concept of her, she immediately deleted it.

'damn. It was this ability.'

Eating Out the Manager's Rules The 'Editorial Department in the Head' can edit the thoughts of the contracted subject at will.

The ability that the caretaker casts on Canis is called 'recommendation', which is to edit and propose his thoughts.

If you activate the right of veto, you can regain your original thoughts, but the fact that logical thinking is impossible for a short time was fatal to the battle.

"how? Are you out of your mind? Eye. anger. colleague. Concentration. What else should I edit?"

"Damn it!"

Kanis gritted his teeth to keep from losing his thoughts. It was as if a part of his head was empty, as the linguistic structures associated with it collapsed with each escaped word.

"Knock-knock! Got it now? How important is a single word? 200 years ago that man sold me the word mosquito! Hate it or what! So do you know what happened?"

 - Harvest!

 - Almost found! It's the last item!

Canis couldn't come to her senses.

Even if he exercised the right to veto, he was on the verge of losing his consciousness as he made up his mind and messed up.

Satisfied enough, the caretaker grabbed Canis by the neck and lifted her up.

Despite looking weak, Mara's physical strength surpassed Tabu.

"The human went mad after having nightmares about mosquitoes for days. can you imagine It comes out in a dream, but he doesn't know what it is. He wouldn't be able to endure any human being without going mad. Crunchy!"

Canis realized how distorted history can be.

Wasn't it a lucrative business? they lost a friend The value of a single word is life after all.

"Trickster... ... It's the same."

"oh? Because he also had plans behind him."

The caretaker turned his head while holding Canis by the neck.

All the panels in the seat Harvest had swept away had come off. He probably looked through the panels to find a word he didn't know, and then tried to sell it.

"Huh, I used my head quite a bit. But that's impossible. The words you can sell are only those that have been given a meaning. You explained it that way earlier. You don't have the ability to learn, do you?"

Kanis's face turned black. Her blood wasn't getting to her brain.

"Now, why don't you put it down and get comfortable? Or will I die here?"

 -Ha, Harvest... ... .

 -found! Canis!

Harvest fumbled with his hand at the record written on the glass plate.

Because he felt the world through vibrations, the sentences written on the board permeated through the mental channels.

Canis' half-turned pupils returned to their original position.

"Okay, skip the words."

"Huh, you made a good choice. Now, what words will come out?"

'Recommendation' is clearly a powerful ability. But the real fear was in 'coercion'.

It is activated by a contract and permanently takes away the words suggested by the opponent, and the aftermath is directly related to life.

The caretaker waited for Canis' answer with mad eyes.

A situation where you have to come up with one word even though you know it's crazy.

It was the most thrilling moment for her.

"you... ... ."

The caretaker's brow furrowed slightly. I don't like words that start with euro.

"you. Re. card."

Canis immediately fell to the floor. Grabbing his neck and holding his breath, he raised his head to see the caretaker trembling with a pale face.

"you... ... How, my name... ... ."

What was written on the serial number panel left by Arcane had nothing to do with dark magic.

Mara fever.

Among them, it was a record related to Eureka, the manager of Ingris.

Eureka wasn't crazy to begin with.

Rather, it was a decent mara that entered the heads of intellectuals and edited their thoughts to help them come up with ideas.

Perhaps tens of thousands of years of loneliness had brought her to this point.

"Oh, no! It can't end like this!"

Canis knew about Eureka and forgot about it.

In the end, the current situation is that Eureka, which cannot exist, exists, so it has no choice but to disappear according to the law of cause and effect.

"no! Just a little more! I could have been a god! call me! Tell me who I am!"

"sorry but... ... ."

Kanis said with a faint smile.

"I don't know who you are."

Shock lingered in Eureka's eyes. Her pupils flipped over, and a scream filled with screams ran up Ingris' wall.

When Eureka disappeared, the rule out was released, and Canis regained the concept.

"Whoa, I really can't even do this."

Canis sat down. If Harvest had found the information a little later, she would have left for the other world.

Oh, was this the other world?

"Canis, are you okay?"

"Oh, okay. If you rest a little, your mental strength will recover."

Ingris, who had lost her owner, was cold.

Canis looked at the spot where Eureka had disappeared. Loneliness was a painful word for him too.

Harvest spoke as if representing that mindset.

"I must have been lonely. To rot in a place like this for tens of thousands of years."

"Mara said it was only resetting. In the next life, I will be able to live a better life than now."

After a silence that resembled silence, Harvest spoke.

"By the way, Kanis, there is one fact I should tell you. Upon hearing the word Eureka, Arcane's memories were partially revived. It must have been some kind of keyword."

Realizing something, Canis jumped up.

=======================================
[211] 4. Heaven's Truth (5)





"It's a double lock!"

"right. What a meticulous guy I'll show you the memories of Arcane from now on, so check it out for yourself."

Harvest's memories spilled over. It seemed that Arcane had come to heaven with his companions.

In the meantime, I entered Ingris alone.

Not surprisingly, Eureka offered a contract.

Arcane accepted Ingris' offer of free reading. Even then, she was insane, so as soon as her contract was concluded, she started attacking Arcane.

'Master... ... .'

Unlike Canis, who couldn't even use his hands in battle, Arcane fought Eureka closely without being pushed back in the slightest.

'Nonsense. How do you cast magic when your words are edited?'

Canis searched for a bit more.

The answer was ingenious enough to be said to be like an arcane. All memories were erased with Abyss-type magic.

When the idea disappears, there is no concept that can be sold.

It didn't end there. Arcane began to restore the morphemes of language one by one.

I tried to find the name of Mara by comparing all the possible combinations of morphemes with the editor's reaction.

At one point, as the near-infinite words were being assembled and dismantled repeatedly, Eureka suddenly screamed.

Pale and tired, she didn't look back and flew off to a place where there were no Arcanes.

The location where Arcane's language combination roulette stopped was Eureka.

"... ... You mean this is possible? You combined tens of thousands of languages ??in that short moment."

"Because there is no limit to what happens in your mind. Well, even so, you can't write a novel. it's mathematical After laying out the morphemes and creating an algorithm, they turned it into a roulette wheel. When I was young, it seems that my brain was still active. Anyway, just looking at what made me, I'm a genius. Even if I hadn't insisted on dark magic, I wouldn't have stayed as a third-class wizard."

Canis felt proud to be Arcane's disciple.

Besides, wasn't the fact that he was able to defeat Eureka stemming from a note left by Master?

Perhaps Eureka was hiding until Arcane left. Meanwhile, it was clear that Arcane had found Eureka's information and recorded the serial number.

The last memories of Arcane entered Canis' mind. I was thrilled to learn the true reason behind the double lock.

Arcane was conveying the location to his disciple by memory, not by record.

Canis walked to the spot where Arcane had last stood. Then, imitating his master's movements, he stretched out his hand toward the panel.

'Thank you, Master.'

Of course, at the time, Arcane would not have known that he would accept Canis as a disciple. But the message he was sending to his juniors who were about to arrive was clear.

Sorceress, be a boy forever.

Taking out the panel designated by Arcane and changing the language, Canis confirmed the text floating on the glass.

book of light and darkness.

Canis flipped through the pages and skimmed them quickly. One phrase among them touched his heart and he stared intently at it.

Harvest said while patting his shoulder.

"You have achieved your purpose for coming to heaven."

"no. You can't see that until you return safely. We have to save Arin."

"I guess so. would that one be ok? It's been quite a while."

Kanis handed the panel over to Harvest and went to Central Control.

"A good time for Lian to arrive. copy the record I'll try disabling the mecha system."

Harvest put his palm on the glass plate and stamped out the entire letter. It was a way to memorize all the patterns of vibration by turning the page.

Arriving at the central control unit, Canis couldn't touch anything. A cold sweat broke out on his forehead.

I knew the principle while spying on Eureka touching the screen, but it was impossible to handle the equipment I had never seen before like an expert.

"Damn, what's so complicated?"

Kanis pressed random buttons. Could the worst mistake be anything but broken?

At some point, the entire map of Jebul appeared.

When I touched the Great World War, the screen expanded and numerous items continued in a row.

When I entered the security system, the setting to block the mecha system caught my eye.

Kanis chose to cancel without hesitation.

Several areas that appeared dotted on the map were revealed as clear lines.

"Kanis, I saved all the records. Since I only memorized it as a pattern, I will convert it into a language when I have time."

"great. I also found one. Looking at the map, every area in Jebul has a portal to Ingris. In a word, this place is the heart of Jebul. So, if you ride the portal in reverse, you will be able to go to the nearest portal to the Great World War."

Canis and Harvest ran to the edge of Ingris.

I'm glad things went well, but that didn't make things any better.

Arin is still there.

I just hoped that Lian wasn't late.



@



Ikael's memories flooded into Shirone's unconscious mind. The order of time was jumbled, but it was faster than the speed of his thoughts, so he could not feel the contradiction.

Shirone was shocked to see the form of Ra conveyed by Ikael. It was the pinnacle of bizarreness. However, the level of intelligence he contained transcended that of human beings in this world.

"Even if the parts change, the whole is perfect."

Ra was the first intellect to realize the existence of the universe.

"The universe is something God abandoned. Doesn't anyone know that this exists! But I gave it meaning. Therefore, this universe is mine."

The first entity that Ra gave meaning to was an angel.

The first entity in the law of causality was the second entity, and there it was further subdivided into giants and fairies. Each of them acted according to the law and spread the will of Ra.

Ikael took Shirone to a certain world. There were countless creatures living there, but no one could give meaning to them.

A two-kilometer-tall giant arrived through a dimensional door. As the giant rose, his face pierced the clouds, and the mountain ranges fell below his waist.

Ikael also told me about the giants.

The anecdote said that there are a total of 10 levels of alcohol, and among them, only giants who have reached level 6 can leave for a new world.

The giant let out a roar. The body gradually began to disintegrate, and blood and flesh fell like rain.

Again, a long time passes... ... In the place where the giant fell, humans began to appear one by one.

When the humans who created the society developed their civilization, an angel came and placed a child on the girl's body. One day the child will become a Nephilim and lead people to heaven.

As time passed, changes began to occur in human society.

Human beings with the ability to give meaning grew rapidly and eventually became intoxicated with their own power and began to distance themselves from God.

Heaven's armies came down to punish them.

The fight was one-sided. Heaven's power was mighty, and the Angels and Maras destroyed countless civilizations.

Nevertheless, humans persisted and prospered and also repeated the same mistakes.

Then one day, a group of people who denied God appeared on the southern island of Galiantra.

The archangel Ikael himself stepped forward. Able to activate the power of all things, she amplified Galliant's volcanic activity by more than 20,000 times, causing a volcanic eruption.

Time passed quickly, and a world similar to the era in which Shirone lived unfolded.

Humans were still thriving.

Deciding that the disrespect had reached its peak, Ankera finally decided to destroy mankind.

final war. It was the end of the world.

Shirone watched the situation in heaven at the time.

A portal tens of meters high was open, and in front of it, the heavenly army of giants, fairies, and subjects was preparing to advance.

The vibrations of the angels resounded in the sky, and the roars of Maras clad in armor resonated on the ground.

'no! No way!'

Shirone forgot that the scene unfolding in front of her was the past and screamed. can never win When the army of heaven came in, the world was over.

When the sortie order was given, an enormous army rushed into the portal, led by an angel.

Shirone's spirit followed them into the portal. After passing through the colorful tunnel, I saw the exit.

My stomach churned with tension. This is a past memory.

But then, how the hell did humans stop the army of heaven?

'Even history has not recorded a war like that.'

As soon as the destination was in sight, the Maras screamed and burned their fighting spirit. Shirone flew ahead of them. And the moment I reached the end of the portal, I was frozen.

What unfolded before my eyes was not the original world.

A pale space with nothing. And there was a woman standing there.

It was Adrias Miro.

"Guppin, I will not forgive you."

Miro was crying. With her alone glaring at her host, she threw out her fist and cast her spell.

Then an amazing thing happened. As if blocked by an invisible barrier, the leading maras began to stop.

The angels looked at the maze in perplexity. On the other hand, the Maras pounded the barrier and screamed.

"This unclean thing! You will pay the price for betraying Ra!"

"Remember wisely, maze! The end has only been postponed! When that time comes, I will kill you first!"

Shirone learned the whole truth.

It created another space-time between the hole in heaven and the human world and cut the connection.

that's the... ... It was the construction of a maze.

A large man from the group of angels flew to the end of the portal.

It was Archangel Uriel.

"How long do you think you can endure this? There is no way to avoid the final war. we will definitely come back Make the most of the little time you have left."

Miro bit his lip until it bled. As new time and space filled in, the distance between them increased.

Uriel glared at Miro fiercely, then turned around. Then the angels began to return to heaven one by one.

However, the Maras remained until the end and cursed. He screamed in a desperate voice until he couldn't see the maze that was gradually moving away.

Shirone also went away with the army of Heaven. But he couldn't take his eyes off the maze.

I realized why the Archmage Arcane didn't want to go to the world even while erasing his memories.

One day, there was a moment when humanity was about to perish.

And Miro, still staying in her own space, was delaying the end of the world.

5. Angel's Magic Ceremony (1)





Shirone opened her eyes.

The first thing I felt was refreshing. It was like waking up from a long sleep.

How long have you been sleeping?

Shirone, who had gone so far in her thoughts, raised herself up and shouted.

"no! Friends... ... !"

Ikael reassured Shirone.

"Do not worry. It wouldn't have taken me five minutes to fall asleep."

"But why is the body... ... ?"

"As my light penetrated, my mind became clear. I can activate everything."

As she said, the mental strength that had been exhausted during the series of battles from Girin to Taboo was completely restored.

"Ah, thank you. I didn't even know that... ... ."

"it's okay. Anyway, how does it feel to know the secret of heaven?"

Shirone traced the memories that Ikael had given her. He fainted as if he was dreaming, but it was definitely not a dream.

I found out a great fact. It was particularly shocking that Miro had done such a thing.

"The ability to connect dimension to dimension is the exclusive property of angels. However, since a long time ago, we have passed on the powers of angels to humans."

"That's the Nephilim."

"Yes. The Nephilim play a role in guiding humans to the gods. However, some Nephilim do the opposite. Most of those civilizations break away from God's will and build their own civilization. Just like the world Shirone lived in."

Shirone knew the reason why ancient magic equipment was different. At some point, humans got away from God's will, and the magic that developed independently was the Spirit Zone.

=======================================
[212] 5. Angel's Magic Ceremony (2)





"It was called Guffin. It's the same guffin that made the guffin's door, right? Why did Miro call that person's name at the last minute?"

Ikael blinked his eyes in surprise.

It was unexpected that Shirone heard that voice. However, he continued to explain in a calm tone.

"Guffins are the first gatekeepers to protect your world from the armies of Heaven. Miro, for example... ... It can be said to be the successor to Guffin."

"Yes? Are you saying the labyrinth isn't the first?"

"The circumstances the two faced were different, but for now, yes. McLean Guffin, he must be one of the finest human beings in your world. No, he's better than any Nephilim. That's probably what separates humans from God."

"Then where is he now?"

Ikael shook his head.

"I went to a place where I couldn't look down. Leaving behind a successor named Miro."

"But that means... ... ."

"Yes. She must forever serve as a barrier in a place where time does not flow. Otherwise, Shirone's world will perish."

Shirone's lips trembled. The last time I saw Miro's face came to mind vividly.

How did she feel when she was isolated from the world and had to face solitude without a promise?

At that moment, I felt terrifying.

The conversations I had with the principal came to mind one by one.

At that time, Alpheas' face looked sad. No, he sometimes put on a scary face like an angry man.

What if the maze didn't choose that path on its own?

What if someone forced you to quarantine?

Thinking that far, Shirone got goosebumps.

It couldn't even be called a crime. It was a decision that threw a single human into an eternity of hell.

"How long will the alternative maze be... ... ?"

"Even now, the army of Heaven is fully prepared for the final battle. Maybe it won't take too long. It's because the coordinates are recorded in the metagate brought by Shirone and the others."

Shirone's mind went blank.

Miro used scale magic to block Heaven's gate. But Metagate was like opening a new gate to heaven.

"no way... ... I can't... ... ."

"Nope. It's possible. As long as there is a Metagate, it is possible to bypass the space-time of the labyrinth with Heaven's technology."

Shirone felt like his body was about to collapse.

It wasn't a matter of living or dying. It was the destruction of the entire human race.

I couldn't believe it was true. What the hell have we done?

"That's why I want to help. Shirone's friends are caught in a great world war. Kariel will implant Nephilim information into the girls' bodies."

"Why? You said you were preparing for the final war! But what does the Nephilim have to do with this yard?"

"Because things have changed. The maze is not a Nephilim. Even so, I opened Immortal Function on my own. Such cases are extremely rare, but they happen quite often in Shirone's world."

That was the reason why there was confusion when I heard the word Nephilim at Nor's Shelter. There were too many Unlockers to be descendants of angels.

"That means that Shirone's world has become farther away from Ra's will. Guffins are what dragged time so humans could understand the nature of the world. And now that will has taken over to Miro. Of course, the amount of time she defended pales in comparison to her guffins. But given the speed of her growth, it is something that cannot be overlooked."

Shirone agreed with that.

The speed of development of magic was definitely accelerating. It was also the point at which an analysis came out that the performance of the past 100 years was worse than that of the last 10 years.

"This time, even humans won't be easily defeated."

"that's right. Although it is a minority, even the rulers of the human world are aware of the existence of heaven. Perhaps you are preparing in some way. Now, even one more Nephilim is needed."

Shirone trembled. He injects angelic information into human bodies in order to destroy them.

For that reason, the thought of Amy giving birth to someone was unbearable.

"Why were you standing by? If you are an archangel, you can ask to be released, right?"

Ikael looked at Shirone with sad eyes.

"ah... ... ."

That's it. Why does Miro hate Ikael? For she is the angel who commands her heavenly armies. Ikael was also once the archangel who punished humans.

"Yes, I am an angel. If the final war breaks out... ... I also have no choice but to fight humans."

Shirone felt as if all the strength in her body was draining away.

Was it like this after all? Should I watch my friends suffer in heaven without anyone's help?

"I... ... If only it had been before I met the Guffin."

Ikael smiled and stuck out his tongue.

"Don't worry, Shirone. I want to help you. Humans, unlike angels, have infinite possibilities. I think the final war should never happen."

Shirone put on a dazed expression, then realized the weight of her words.

If the archangel, who had risen to the level of the archangel, would stand on the side of humans, there was hope even if the final war broke out.

He said it was before he met Guffin. I couldn't ask what Ichael was guilty of, but I could guess that he had something to do with him.

"You shouldn't be too relieved. I am a body with sealed power. Besides, you can't even leave the room, so even if you help Shirone, you can't help directly."

"But... ... I cannot defeat an angel with my own strength."

"that's right. Angels are strong. Besides, if it's Kariel, he's an archangel so powerful that I can't even deal with him before I lose my power."

"Then what now?"

He wouldn't have said that just to kill his spirit. Shirone waited for her solution to come from her, expecting her thread of hope.

"There is one way. Your chances of saving your friends will increase slightly."

"really? What is it?"

"An angelic magic circle. That's what Shirone uses."

"So... ... You mean Halo?"

"that's right. Angels activate their abilities by accumulating information in their halos. If Shiroe masters it, he will be able to create one chance at a crucial moment."

Shirone remembered what happened in Sharmain. The feeling of intimidation I felt when Ikasa opened his halo still lingered in my body.

But does that mean you have to use it yourself?

I didn't think it would be possible. This is because humans do not have over-spirit.

If there is no asteroid, how can a magic circle be created when there is no space to engrave information?

"Of course it won't be easy. In order for Shirone to use the angelic magic circle, she must overcome at least three difficulties."

Ikael said, spreading three fingers.

"The first thing to do is to make the asterism. We know that the human spirit is inside the body, but it can be brought out through special means. Can you?"

Shirone nodded. The concept that Ikael spoke of was a departure from the four ways.

Certainly, if it was a breakaway type, it seemed that it could imitate the angel's over-spirit to some extent.

"The problem starts now. Even if you made a celestial body, unfolding the halo is on a different level. You should be able to draw a perfect circle. If the circle is distorted even a little, the calculation speed of the light is significantly slowed down, and even if it is slowed down by only 0.1 percent, the ability of an angel cannot be implemented."

Humans cannot draw a perfect circle. However, it is not impossible in the realm of the mind. It is important to grasp the mathematical concept of a circle.

It wasn't easy, but it was a hurdle that had to be overcome.

"This is the first hurdle. The second is even more serious. The Angel's power comes from the enormous amount of information that Halo accumulates. To put it mathematically, even if a human records his or her entire life, it's not enough. Calculating it at the speed of light is the point of Halo."

Shirone recalled the scene where Ikael exploded Galliant Volcano. The ability to increase the activity of a dormant volcano by as much as 20,000 times and burst it into an active volcano has surpassed the human category.

"Even if it's up to the perfect circle, what about the formula? The human mind cannot calculate so much information in an instant that it can cause a volcano to explode."

"But I have an insight. I'm going to try one here. It's a psychological bond. I will become Shirone and use Halo. Then, that experience is converted into Shirone's experience and remains in the mind."

"That way... ... ."

Ikael's eyes turned fierce.

"Don't call it a method. It is no different from the extreme violence that can be inflicted on humans. If you don't do it, Shirone's spirit will be broken. And my mind, which has assimilated with Shirone, cannot be safe."

Shirone's stomach churned. It didn't matter if his mind was destroyed to save his friends. Because he risked his life from the beginning. However, if even Ikael was in danger, it was a matter that could not be decided hastily.

"If I fail... ... ."

"Shirone, don't think of anything else. I offered to help you. Don't worry about me, just think about saving your friends for now."

Shirone took a deep breath to calm her mind. She had no choice but to do as she said.

"What is the third challenge?"

"Even if the formula for the magic circle is completed, whether it can withstand it is another matter. If mental durability is not supported, Shirone will be destroyed. Of course, this is separate from my risk. But if you can't stand it, it's better not to try this in the first place."

"Don't worry about that. I will definitely endure it."

I was confident enough at the last gateway. From the time he entered magic school, his spirit showed strength in durability.

Moreover, since he had reached the level of indestructibility, he thought he could endure it to some extent.

"You don't understand. I know that Shirone has a mental power that never collapses. But that may not be enough."

"Are you saying it can collapse when it never collapses? That seems like a contradiction."

"Nope. The former and the latter have different conceptual layers. If it's a vessel that holds Shirone's spirit, the current durability would be enough. However, the concept of an angel born in a higher dimension is of a different quality. A vessel may be sufficient to hold water, but when the water freezes, any vessel is bound to break."

"Yeah, that's right."

It was a mountain beyond a mountain. None of the three hurdles she presented was easily overcome.

No, maybe this was normal.

It was a job for humans to learn the archangel's magic circle, so it was good to take this level of risk from the beginning.

"Halo will explode Shirone's mind from within. The choice is Shirone's. If you know the risks and want to try it, I will help."

To the angel, mental collapse was like the cessation of life.

If Ikael risked everything to help, Shirone had no reason to refuse.

It is for the sake of my friends, but the opportunity to learn the true intentions of the Archangel will never come again.

"I will try. No, please. I will accept it no matter what the outcome may be."

"like. From now on, the magic trick to be performed on Shirone is possession. It combines with the spirit to dominate humans. It is usually used by dispatched angels to convey the will of Ra."

Shirone had read about possession through various literature. I was dubious at the time, but now I have no doubt as the Archangel speaks through his mouth.

"If the possession is successful, the spirits of Shirone and I will merge. It's easy to harm Shirone if I have an evil mind. Also, if Shirone loses her innocence, that evil will seep into me."

It was a warning that if we are not careful with each other, something irreversible will happen.

Shirone nodded meekly this time as well. It's because Ikael can't have an evil heart.

Nor was he an angel so weak that he could not control his innocence if he lost it.

=======================================
[213] 5. Angel's magic formula (3)





"I will trust you. There will be no anxiety whatsoever."

Ikael smiled. It was fortunate that Shirone was a quick-witted boy.

"Exactly. Then we will begin now."

Ikael closed his eyes and cast possession.

As her asteroid burrowed into Shirone's head, Shirone opened her eyes wide.

A flash of light emanated from her pupils, and she felt a strange feeling of merging two minds.

 - Shirone, how are you feeling?

 - Huh, huh? this... ... .

Shirone, who experienced possession for the first time, was embarrassed.

He couldn't tell if the thoughts that came to his mind were his own or Ikael's.

It felt like I was playing two people by myself, like a crazy person.

 -Don't get confused. I am Shirone, and Shirone is me. You just have to come up with an idea.

I know how it is, but even the thought that came to my mind now gave me goosebumps because it was like my own delusion.

Should I have remembered that word? I thought I could do anything else if I thought about it.

 - Do not doubt! When you begin to doubt, everything that makes up Shirone collapses. Possession is a sensitive technique. just accept it

Shirone decided to just believe. He concluded that the thoughts in his head were true, even if they were only delusions of his own.

As I calmed down, my heartbeat returned to normal.

There was an happening, but it was the point at which the magic circle of angels hadn't even started yet.

Ikael decided to overcome the first obstacle.

 -From now on, I will make the asterism. Get your mind out there.

Shirone changed Spirit Zone into a breakaway type.

The halo of an angel was above the top of the head, but Shirone took out the spirit zone from the front.

It was because it was the most familiar direction for humans.

 - Can I do this?

 -Yes. no, good job No matter what you do, Shirone's decision is important. You have to figure out the most efficient way for yourself. From now on, we will make a halo that will serve as the frame for the magic circle. It draws a perfect circle with light.

Shirone waited without thinking. Then no voice came to mind.

 -there... ... do it now?

 -Yes. Do it now.

Shirone, who thought he would give advice, was embarrassed. However, he thought that there must be a reason for it, and he expanded the light into a ring shape.

A halo with a diameter of 1 meter was born in front of Shirone.

At first sight, it was pretty cool.

It was a neat circle and the brightness was just right. It seemed like this would be comparable to an angel's halo.

 -It's not enough. With such a distorted circle, it is impossible to calculate a huge amount of information.

As expected, Ikael's point was heard. If you go into a unit that the human eye can't discern, it looks like a mess.

couldn't find a way A perfect circle is just a concept. How to implement something that does not exist anywhere in the world?

 - A perfect circle?

Shirone suddenly realized. There was one thing, the only perfect circle in the world.

 - That's right, Shirone. It's an immortal function. That is why the Nephilim are called descendants of angels.

Open the immortal function to expand the spirit to the end. It was the only perfect circle.

Because the whole is always perfect.

 -But if that happens... ... .

The existence of the country disappears. Haven't you already experienced the labyrinth of time and space?

 - Immortal function must be activated 100%. And then grab it again and materialize it into a form. I'll take control, but I'm sure it's dangerous. can you do it

You must come back from the realm of infinity. This was the first step needed to master the powers of an archangel.

 - I'll try. Having done it once, the second time should be easy.

In fact, I had no idea that it would be easy. But if I didn't say anything stupid, I felt like I would go crazy with the tension.

Shirone opened the immortal function.

It was a release without brakes or hesitation. As the mind disintegrated, it spread infinitely.

Shirone's spirit became the Akashic Records. However, since it was already perfect in itself, no information could be obtained.

 - Shirone! Shirone! Hear my voice! You must not let yourself go! Engrave the feeling of the moment in your heart! I'm going to pull it with a gold steel fire!

Shirone pulled the spirit that had been dismantled in the smallest unit into the frame of the diamond.

A huge ring of light rushed into Shirone's head, sweeping away everything.

A chilling sound, as if glass were being cut, exploded. Then, in front of Shirone's eyes, a perfect halo without an inch of error was born.

The speed of light rotating using the halo as a rail was literally the speed of light. Although he came out as a breakaway type, the spirit zone is definitely the spirit of a wizard. It was almost paralyzing my thinking as it was spinning in my mind.

In a word, Shirone realized the concept of an immortal function in the real world.

Ikael's voice sharpened.

 - Shirone! From now on, Syrone's halo will be engraved with the archangel's unique battery! You must not let go of the Golden Buddha. You have to endure to live!

A red flash came out from the front and crashed into the center of the halo.

As the red ripples spread, the simplest arithmetic magic circle that distinguishes the difference between 1 and 0 was born.

From there, the ceremony gradually began to become more complex.

The colors of unknown origin collided with the halo like a shower of flashes and engraved a magic circle.

Numerous magic circles interlocked and rotated like gears.

The appearance of the magic circle rotating in different sizes, at different speeds, and in different directions reminded me of a watch engine.

Shirone's head was on the verge of exploding.

The first cog turned a few cogs, which in turn turned hundreds of cogs.

The size of the operation was getting bigger and bigger.

Shirone gave up counting at some point.

I couldn't understand the meaning behind the halo.

How do you know what concept the 170,000 arithmetic circuits and 4,800 magic circles are trying to reveal?

"Ugh!"

Coffee dripped. I gritted my teeth and endured, but the 100 million lines of formula were endlessly rolling up. Calculating this was beyond human limits.

 - Shirone! Don't try to understand! I understand! Accept it through the circuit of insight!

Shirone realized Ikael's intentions.

No need to do calculations. It was to simplify a complicated concept into truth and imprint it on Shirone's brain.

When the number of magic circles engraved on the halo exceeded 40,000, Shirone was able to experience the realm of the gods.

It was none other than the light calculation speed.

Even so, the fact that it took a long time meant that the concept contained in the halo exceeded human capacity.

I still don't know what it was, but it was certain that it was huge beyond imagination.

 - I can't. Now no more... ... .

Gold started to crack.

It was only natural that humans were forcibly accepting the battery contained in the existence of a higher dimension.

It was the third difficulty Ikael spoke of.

 -We're almost there, Shirone! If you hold out a little longer... ... !

The aftermath of Shirone began to affect Ikael.

As the calculation progress exceeded 90%, the magic circle automatically moved towards the end.

Shirone's mind was oversaturated. It was as if someone had planted a bomb in his head that had gone off.

I could feel the countless cracks going through the Diamond Buddha. mind is breaking That meant going crazy.

In fact, Shirone's heart was heading for serious ruin.

Ikael looked at him sadly. Even if the magic circle is completed, it will not be able to endure in the end. When the amount of information reaches 100%, the diamond will explode.

At that moment, a special change occurred in Shirone's mind.

The Vajra Buddha was breaking into countless pieces beyond the cracks. If this is the current spirit of Shirone... ... .

Even Ikael got goosebumps at the thought of that.

However, the results were different from what was expected.

Even though the durability of the Vajra Buddha converged to 0, the form of his spirit did not change at all.

If we compare Geumgang Bulgogi to an iron ball filled with water, the current state of Shirone is the process of freezing water.

When the water starts to freeze, the iron ball will break.

But what about a rubber ball? The size of the ball only increases as the volume of ice increases.

That's why Shirone has added flexibility by pulverizing durability down to microparticles.

Softness overcomes strength.

Shirone's iron ball was shattered, but the shape of the ice inside it was still intact.

Ikael's heart grew hot. Is this human strength? Even though her mind was shattered, even though it must have been an enormous emotional pain, Shirone maintained her spirit until the end.

That will has evolved Shirone's spirit to the next level. That was the state of Vajrapani, the evolutionary form of Vajrapani Buddha.

broke the frame There is only content.

Since there is nothing more to be destroyed, Shirone could not be shaken under any circumstances.

If the Vajrapani Buddha is the extreme of durability, the Vajrapani, which has no frame, is the extreme of flexibility that humans seek.

The density of the information engraved on the halo exceeded 95%. It was an enormous amount of information.

However, the Geumgangbulgogi grew in size as much as it increased. Then, it was tightened again, and the angel's information was locked away.

 -Congratulations, Shirone.

Ikael gave unsparing praise. Can humans go back and forth like this?

Shirone is equipped with strength and flexibility at the same time. It was an undoubted leap.

Shirone, buried in the angel's information, couldn't think of anything. He only realized that he had been trying to hold on and that it was easier than before.

When the angel's magic circle was completed, consciousness returned.

A halo of dozens of magic circles rotating at different speeds caught my eye. There were probably hundreds of times as many magic circles operating inside.

It was a truly beautiful magic circle.

The halo cast by Ikael came directly into Shirone's experience. I couldn't understand the principle, but I was able to stamp the completed concept like a stamp.

 -I did it, Ikael... ... .

After saying that, Shirone closed her eyes. As consciousness faded, the world was plunged into darkness.



@



Shirone frowned at the intense light. When she opened her eyes, Ikael was looking down with a concerned expression.

"Are you okay, Shirone? How are you feeling?"

Shirone stood up. I was kind of ashamed.

I have already lost consciousness twice after meeting Ikael. It occurred to me that getting along with beings from a higher dimension was quite exhausting.

Shirone grabbed her throbbing head and asked.

"How long have you been fainting this time?"

"It is a bit long. About 20 minutes."

"Yes? why... ... ?"

If it was Ikael, he could have woken up long enough before then.

When Shirone looked back in disbelief, Ikael said with an apologetic expression.

"Shirone was in shock. Even if I forcefully wake him up, he won't be able to fight at his best. In particular, to use the magic circle of angels, Shirone will have to put all of her mental power into it."

Ikael was right. However, the fact that he was delayed was still worrisome.

"You don't have to worry. With this incident as an opportunity, Shirone's mental power has become stronger. Besides, she has fully recovered, so she should be able to reach her destination sooner than before."

Shirone observed the change in herself. A far more powerful action was taking place in his body than when he reached the level of a golden Buddha.

As her mind was absorbed several times deeper than before, Shirone regained her confidence.

'If you go full speed, time will make up for it. What happened to Ryan and Kanis?'

As a rule of thumb, it had arrived or was about to arrive. That being said, there was still a chance to make up for it.

=======================================
[214] 5. Angel's Magic Ceremony (4)





Shirone remembered that she had only thought of her own position and turned to Ikael.

"Ah, there... ... ."

Ikael shook his head.

"Nope. You don't have to thank me. It is also my negligence that this happened. I'm sorry that this is the only thing I can help you with. From now on, it's up to Shirone."

"thank you. I mean it."

Shirone expressed his gratitude to Hansako. If it wasn't for Ikael, he would still be sitting on the wall of Jebul and weeping.

Ikael's eyes softened. He was a lovely human being even when he was stubborn.

"Remember, Shirone. As you may already know, there won't be many opportunities to use my abilities. Even if Shirone's mind evolved a step further. Kariel is a prudent angel. Let him use it only when he is sure he can save his friend."

Shirone nodded and prepared to leave. It was a pity to part with Ikael, but there was no time to delay.

"be careful. I hope you can safely return to the original world."

"Yes. Thank you so much."

When Shirone left the room and the door closed, Ikael sat down in his seat looking exhausted.

The room left alone was still perfect, but somehow felt lacking.

Shirone was here. Ikael, who was reminiscing about the action play, burst into laughter.

'I'm glad it's Shirone.'

Ikael's asteroid opened into a halo and spun rapidly. Then, a vortex of red light rushed to one side of the room.

"Respond to the call, Ashur."

Square glass plates appeared in front of Ikael.

The glass plates connected by dozens of intersecting lines shone brightly, and as the color gradually settled, the image of Mara was projected.

It was a handsome man with black hair hanging down to his shoulders with three triangles floating above his head.

Kneeling in front of Ikael, he lowered his head and said.

"Ashur. I obey the command of the angel."

As the boundaries of the glass plates disappeared, Ashur's figure revealed a three-dimensional effect.

"I need your strength. Please help Shirone."

"All right."

Ashur answered without hesitation. Then Ikael's eyes showed apologetic feelings.

"I'm sorry, I made you do this."

"I am a being born from Ikael-sama's concept. I just follow anyone."

Mara of the highest rank is the direct attendant of the Archangel. Therefore, even if he was the busiest in heaven, he was not an existence that could be called a call because it is not an exaggeration.

In particular, Ashur is an escort knight of Ikael, who is said to be the strongest magic swordsman in heaven. He was not in a position to be running errands, although he had his powers now blocked.

Ashur said bravely.

"Do not worry. If Ikael-nim values ??it, it is also precious to me. I will risk my existence and carry out my mission without fail."

"thanks. But Kariel is strong. Moreover, even Ymir, the king of giants, is currently moving in Jebul."

At the word Ymir, Ashur's eyes shone intensely.

"I don't know how he is interested in this matter, but you have to be careful. Ymir is one who has attained the ultimate power that any creature can seek. He doesn't do much good in being entangled."

Ashur's face showed a blatant displeasure. He is the strongest magician in Heaven, but Ymir and himself have always shared one vote for the position of the best warrior in Heaven.

It is because there are eyes that see the value of Ymir, who has risen to the strongest position only with physical ability.

But Ashur refused to admit it. One day, they would have to compete to see who was the strongest.

"Do not worry. Ymir is no match for me."

Realizing that he had scratched the warrior's pride, Ikael comforted him with a friendly tone.

"Whoa, I, of course, think Ashur is the strongest. Even if Ymir comes back in perfect condition, if Ashur protects you, you won't be afraid at all."

Ashur then rose from his seat as if satisfied.

"of course. As long as I am present, no one will be able to lay a finger on Ikael."

"Oh, and one more thing."

Ashur turned in front of the door and looked at his respectful master with a tense expression.

There was an unapproachable dignity in Ikael's slightly open eyes.

"If you meet Kariel, be sure to tell him this."

6. Heaven's Trouble (1)





Shirone came down from the tower and looked around the open area of ??Arabot.

Gi-rin's memory taught her the way to Jebul. It was quite a distance to go by teleportation.

Upon entering the Spirit Zone, an enormous amount of information flowed in through synesthesia.

"wow... ... ."

I know that my concentration has increased. But when I actually encountered it, it was hard to believe.

Even while maintaining the same density as before, the diameter of the spirit zone increased by 1.5 times. In terms of volume, this means that his mental strength has increased by nearly four times.

In other words, it also meant that the burden of casting magic was reduced by four times.

As the spirit zone grew larger than before, I felt free as if a heavy burden had been cast off.

Shirone aimed at Jebul as a target and raised the battery of space movement.

So far, the effect has not been great, but now that the diameter has increased by 25 meters, it can be applied in practice.

If you look at only 25 meters, you may not feel that much of a difference, but if you transform it into a four-way target type, the additional distance increases to 100 meters.

Even if only 10 times of space movement were connected, it would have an increase of more than 1 kilometer.

'Wait everyone. Just hold on a little longer.'

When I remembered the plight of my friends, I became unbearably anxious. However, Shirone's concentration, which had reached the state of diamond power, did not waver in the slightest.

As omnipotence and omnipotence merged, the noise of light embroidered the sky.

A single flash of light shot up in the direction of the Buddha.



@



Ryan had already been running for 30 minutes. His heart was racing, but the amount of oxygen he took in with each breath was constant. Because if she used up the oxygen all at once, it would spread before she reached her destination.

It was the point when Kanis had produced results in one way or another.

Ryan thought it was one of the two. Either the security device of the Great World War was unlocked or died.

I shook my head to clear my thoughts. It wasn't the time to worry about other people.

If Canis failed, the next person to die was herself.

"Hoo-wook! Whoop!"

He doesn't have the ability to make his body lighter like Tess, but his body, which had been trained all his life, did not get tired even after running for more than an hour.

After running like that, we arrived at the last point connected to the Great World War.

The right side of the corridor was blocked by glass, and the blue sky stretched beyond it.

Jebul was in the form of dozens of plates floating, so this place was the outermost part of a certain plate. So, if you keep running along the outskirts, you should be able to reach the bridge that leads to the Great World War.

As soon as Lian, who had guessed the location, was about to jump again, an object floating on the ceiling caught his attention.

A drone was hurriedly approaching.

The drone is just a machine, but Tess's sense of urgency has been conveyed in the way it moves.

"Tess? Are you all right?"

The drone moved up and down as if nodding its head. So far, it seems that no fatal situation has occurred.

thud. thud. thud. thud.

The sound of the ground shaking was heard from the road Lian had passed. When he turned around, a large man was running towards him, stretching out his legs.

Lian listened to Cigna and Xd.

An unknown enemy. Neither the luminary nor the horns were visible above the head of the running man.

The first thing that came to mind was a giant.

Although he was too small for a giant, the ground shaking with every step made him guess his power.

'He's like a monster. How much muscle do you have to be able to have that weight?'

The giant's movements were dull. But with every step he took, his body was moving forward.

thud!

The giant stopped in front of Lian by stamping the soles of his feet.

It was a display of power of sorts.

It was impossible without the strength to subdue inertia in one blow.

"What are you?"

Ymir asked. I was asking because I really didn't know.

Since he was holding Cigna and Xd, he must have been a Mecca, but his appearance resembled a Norse.

"What are you saying?"

The giant couldn't understand the words because mental resonance was impossible.

Ymir did the same, but he didn't care. He was measuring the quality of force rather than language.

"Right. It is heresy that you caused a disturbance in heaven."

When Ymir's body felt fighting spirit, Lian instinctively backed away and raised his sword.

Ymir's heart moved violently when the human who thought he would urinate and run away rather thrust a knife into it. The moment when gazes collided with each other was his favorite moment.

'Good eyes. You've cut quite a bit for a human.'

Ryan pulled his left foot back. Considering the difference in weight, it is difficult to do it by force. The first strategy was to quickly defeat the enemy as soon as it showed a gap.

"Reveal your identity. Enemies or allies? You can't go past this place if you're trying to get in the way."

Ymir couldn't understand Lian's words, but he could read a hundred words in his intense eyes.

'Choose this. But that's my role... ... .'

Ymir strode away.

It seemed like an ignorant approach at first glance, but it was the timing that completely cut off Lian's breathing.

Lian, who was aiming for a surprise attack, stepped back feeling frustrated.

Seeing that, Ymir felt pleasure.

The battle has already begun. He loved all the emotions that arose from the moment they decided to kill each other.

Ymir approached Lian and said.

"The enemy."

Ryan's hair stood on end.

The giant's energy rushing in momentarily was like a huge barrier. It was so big that I couldn't see the whole thing.

"shall we start?"

At that moment, the mechanical sound of drones was heard from the ceiling.

"frozen. uh. sun. poison. shall we start?"

Ymir's gaze moved to the ceiling for an instant. And when he lowered his gaze again, Lian had already disappeared.

"Taha!"

Ymir raised his arm to block Cigna from the side. A powerful shockwave erupted, shaking the giant's skin like water trembling in a gale.

But the body did not budge.

Ymir pushed Cigna up with his arm and tilted his face to glare at Lian.

It was the eyes of a snake looking for its prey.

"It is a wonderful surprise. So I'm sorry. If you're a swordsman, you should do this with a sword, too."

At the same time as he spoke, Ymir pushed Cigna away. Then, the left and right sides of her body were reversed, and a powerful hook bent and entered.

Lian held out his XD and crouched down.

As Ymir's fist struck the shield, there was a roar and the hologram of Exed hit Ymir.

But this time, Ymir did not back down. Rather, it was Lian who bounced back.

Lian, who had rolled on the floor, knelt down and centered herself.

The XD on his arm was exposed as if he had been hit by a cannon.

Ymir raised his face over his shoulder and grinned.

"As you can see... ... There aren't many weapons that can withstand my strength."

"Damn it, embarrassing... ... ."

Tess' gaze came through the drone from the ceiling. As she imagined what kind of feeling she would be watching as she waited for her help, her blood boiled even more.

"Goaaaaaa!"

Ryan rushed at full speed.

Irregularly throwing Cigna, he took out the greatsword he was wearing on his back as he flew into the air.

Ymir grabbed the rushing Cigna and crushed them like cookies.

At the same time, Lian lowered his greatsword.

Ymir's fist, holding Cigna, flew.

Lian was startled by the sound of Zeng. He caught the blade of his greatsword with the bone in his fist. It felt like hitting an iron.

Lian flew in the reverse order of swinging his sword. Ymir immediately followed and raised her fist.

"It was fun. I will give you a gift."

"Huh!"

Lian thrust his greatsword into the ground. Then, using his broadside as a shield, I pressed his shoulders and thighs against him and put all his weight on it.

=======================================
[215] 6. Heaven's Trouble (2)





bang!

The moment Ymir's straight strikes, only the greatsword remains and Lian's figure disappears.

All sorts of thoughts rushed through Ryan's head. To prevent further hits, you must land with her centered. I was barely able to balance. It seemed that he could land on two legs.

However, the next moment he realized that his body was crumpled and rolling on the floor.

As the shock remaining in his body dissipated, the cold floor touched his cheek.

An incomprehensible sound came out of his mouth. Her body wasn't sick, but it didn't work.

Ymir picked up the greatsword that had fallen on the floor while looking at Lian who was spread out. It was a greatsword to humans, but when Ymir held it, it looked like a common longsword.

Ymir's eyes shone as he inspected the blade of the greatsword.

"Hoo? This will be quite useful."

"Gimme, give me. it... ... Grandpa's... ... ."

Ryan stood up with his legs shaking.

Thanks to the physical training to the limit every day, the time to get out of the shock was much faster than normal people. It was the so-called tenacity.

Ymir grimaced, tearing at the corners of his mouth and throwing his greatsword. The greatsword slid across the floor and landed on Lian.

"Are you going to try again? I like your guts."

Lian struggled to pick up the greatsword and charged again. The power gap was clear, but if Ymir wanted to go to a great world war, there was no other option than battle.

Ymir and Lian collided in the middle of the hallway. Ymir didn't even think about blocking the greatsword.

Zeng! The greatsword struck Ymir in the forehead. No, it was more accurate to say that he blocked it with his forehead.

Ymir's fist flew in a long trajectory.

can not avoid. Realizing this fact, Ryan opened his eyes. If he had to die he wanted to fight to the last minute.

Ymir tasted the excitement in Lian's eyes.

'It's a pity I don't know the name.'

Ymir's fists ricocheted through Lian's whereabouts.

Silence prevailed for a while.

Ymir's expression turned displeased. What could be more unpleasant than having an uninvited guest in the middle of a fight?

A strange but familiar phenomenon.

He clearly saw Lian split into dozens of squares just before their fists touched.

"anyway... ... Because tall things don't know how to ride the atmosphere."

At a point about 3 meters away from where Lian was, the square glass plates flickered and the two figures were projected.

Black-haired handsome Ashur. And next to him was Lian on his knees.

Ymir smiled coldly. The mere fact that Mara, who was known for her heavy ass in heaven, was present, suggesting that something unusual was going on in the world war.

"Hey, a busy person is here. Where do you leave the person you love and snoop around the battlefield?"

"Ymir, if you don't keep the law, bad things will happen. Just go back."

"Cheuk, what if you don't like it?"

"The only thing left to do is to destroy existence."

Ashur spread his palms, about 30 glass plates were erected in three rows in the air. There, a long, slender longsword emitting a purple glow was projected.

"Is it a signal?"

Ashur's ability signal collects all kinds of signals.

One glass plate contains one signal, and by combining the patterns of the plate, a phenomenon close to infinity can be realized.

Ashur's long sword 'Shockwave' was also created by receiving 30 different signals.

Because it vibrates itself under the influence of electromagnetic pulses, it was a weapon with perfect lethal power that would destroy the inside once it penetrated.

Lian blankly looked up at Ashur. As if he died and was reborn, the intermediate process was omitted.

"Who are you?"

"good. He is an ally."

It was a short sentence, but I could understand it right away. It was clear that Shirone had created some variable.

Lian glared at Ymir. But he hadn't even looked at him since Ashur appeared.

Lian bit his lip and ran into the great world war.

A fire boiled inside. I didn't grow up to be virtuous enough to fear defeat. However, the sense of shame that he had not succeeded in even one attack broke his heart.

I could feel Tess's drone following me. The machine kept her silence until the end, but the comforting voice she conveyed came like an auditory hallucination.

"damn! damn!"

Lian ran into the world war with all his might.



@



Ashur was still blocking the way. I want to follow Lian to the great world war, but right now, stopping Ymir is the urgent priority.

If you use the signal's ability 'transfer', you can send a signal to the destination you want to go to and move the place in an instant, but it was impossible as much as the world war.

It was a place covered with electromagnetic waves, so it was faster to run than to wait for the signal to be transmitted.

It was for that reason that he sent Lian first.

"Back off, Ymir. No more self-indulgence will be tolerated."

said Ymir, stroking his lower jaw.

"Looking at the fact that even the pretty angel was left behind, something important must have happened. Why don't we get to know each other better?"

"It has nothing to do with you."

"For some reason, it sounds like it has something to do with it."

Ashur did not deny it.

What Ymir, king of giants, wanted was a battle. Taking away his physical body only for being strong, he was waiting for a fierce battle that could only be won by fighting with the strength of his main body.

Ichael, on the other hand, was in the position that war should be prevented.

If Ikael wants it, Ashur will follow too.

As long as you step out, nothing happens in heaven. Therefore, Ymir had no reason to be concerned.

Ashur aimed the Shockwave at Ymir's stomach.

"According to Archangel Ichael's command, I will revoke all rights given to you."

"Keukkeu, did the lowly angel even have that kind of authority?"

Ashur rushed like a gale.

Ymir's forearms split and blood splattered. The oscillations of the electromagnetic waves burned the bones.

Ashur pressed down on Ymir with an insulted gaze.

"Can a mere giant scorn an archangel? you are just a body Do not insult a noble spirit with a disgusting tongue."

"A mere giant?"

One of Ymir's eyebrows twitched.

"I am already."

Feeling alive, Ashur widened the distance. But Ymir overtook 10 meters in one leap.

Ymir's powerful straight pierced his stomach.

"Ouch!"

Ashur's eyes were filled with shock.

His figure, which had stopped in time, became blurred, and the 180 or so glass plates that contained the signal flickered and then disappeared.

Ymir looked back with an annoyed expression.

Ashur, who completed the transfer to the new space, was standing with a Shockwave in an aloof posture.

"Hehe, isn't that overdoing it? I heard that the restraint of power is severe."

"I am not in a position to be sympathetic to you. You'd better take good care of your body."

"Is that so?"

"A hell of ice salt."

The space surrounding Ashur and Ymir was surrounded by glass plates.

Approximately 2,400 glass panes began to flicker and collect signs of deterioration and cold. The sight of fire and ice intersecting every 10 centimeters made my eyes dizzy.

What will happen to this place when all signals are transmitted? Will you burn in the heat? Will you freeze in the cold?

"You brought it upon yourself. Do not resent me."

"No one complains. Because I am the strongest."

Ymir charged, baring his teeth like a beast. In response, Ashur raised her cold eyes and swung her shock wave.

As the transfer was completed, hot air and cold air raged at the same time.



@



"Tess! Hang in there! Almost there!"

Lian didn't spare any more oxygen. He separated from Ashur and after running for 10 minutes, he managed to get to the bridge to the Great World War.

The bridge was one kilometer long and 60 meters wide. There was no guard fence, so I felt like I was floating in the sky. When the strong wind blew, my stomach rumbled for no reason.

At the end of the bridge stood a domed structure. It was a great world war in which friends were captured.

It was a good thing to see the building. This is because it means that Kanis has unlocked the mecha system.

"What, are you still here?"

Looking back, Kanis was approaching.

"How are you already here?"

"I came through a portal. What's wrong with your face anyway? Like someone beat me up."

Ryan touched his face. She didn't even notice the swelling from the wind rolling on her floor without even feeling the pain. She looked up at her drone with an apologetic feeling.

'You must have been worried, Tess.'

Canis also looked at it. He could tell it was Tess's even without an explanation.

Even in the situation of being caught by an angel, it was certainly quite good to let the drone go.

"How is the situation inside? Did you check?"

"uh. It's still in good shape. By the way... ... ."

Suddenly, the condition of the drone became strange. It flew around aimlessly and then fell as if the power had been cut off.

Ryan hurriedly took it up and examined it.

The operation lamp was off. Since it was a device connected to brain waves, it was proof that something had happened to Tess.

"what? What happened all of a sudden?"

"do not know! There is no time!"

Lian jumped first. If it was Dark Fort, you could go there at once, but the bridge floating in the sky was entirely in the realm of light.

Capturing Lian, Canis killed his pride and cast photonization magic.

A flash of light carrying the two of them raced across the bridge.



@



"You bastard!"

Amy shouted, glaring at Kariel. The faces of Tess and Arin were also distorted.

When the information penetrated from the panel implanted in his head, he felt dizzy as if he had drunk a lot.

"Nothing to worry about. It is because hormones are adjusted in a state suitable for the wine of life."

Kariel, who had been indifferently examining the condition of the women, turned her gaze to the screen.

"Nothing really changes. It will be different after the wine of life is over. Doesn't it matter anyway? It is something that every creature has to go through at least once."

"shut up! Why are you deciding that! Do you think it will do what you want? I would rather bite my tongue and die than suffer this!"

Kariel frowned as if she had seen something disgusting.

"I don't understand. You are not being punished. You have won the noble mission of conceiving the Nephilim. So far, not many women have refused the drink of life. Doesn't she want to gain eternal life?"

"I don't want to receive eternal life! Even if I die tomorrow, I will die doing whatever I want!"

"I can't speak. Anyway, nothing changes. Because once all the information contained in the panel is transmitted, it is impossible to turn it back."

 -20% of the progress of the Art of Life.

A woman's voice came from the ceiling. It seemed to give guidance every 10 percent. Hearing it from the position of being experimented on made the emotionless voice even more eerie.

Amy struggled to free herself from the handcuffs.

I was thinking of grabbing the panel planted on my forehead and pulling it out if only my hand could get out.

Even if I lose my life, I will live my own life.

"Tess! Amy! scale!"

The door to the great world war was opened roughly. Lian and Kanis entered at the same time as if they were running a race.

Tess, who had watched them cross the bridge, shouted.

"Lian! here it is! Please release this quickly!"

Ryan flinched as he took a step. It was because they were overwhelmed by the scale of the Great World War beyond imagination.

Not only the scale, but also the equipment and equipment were unfamiliar.

On one side, the planet was spinning, and on the other side of the tower, all kinds of lights were flashing loudly.

"Damn it! what is this?"

Kariel flew to a height where she could see humans at a glance.

"Did you follow the girls? This must be the stupidity of an ignorant human being."

"Are you the culprit? Don't think that since you did this to my friend, it will end safely."

Lian raised her sword with vigilance.

Unlike the strong shot, the action was cautious. Lian, who had seen the power of the fallen angel Ikasa, was able to guess the power of the archangel.

=======================================
[216] 6. Heaven's Trouble (3)





As Lian slowly closed the gap and waited for an opportunity to attack, Tess shouted in frustration.

"You bear! Fighting later, let us go first!"

"damn! Even if you want to... ... !"

In my heart, I wanted to run right away. However, in the situation where the archangel was guarding it, it was the same as committing suicide to look elsewhere.

Arin calmly explained.

"Kanis, the wine of life has already begun. I need to take off the panel that's on my forehead. Otherwise, we will all conceive Nephilim."

Before Canis could answer, Lian shouted, eyes wide.

"what? You should have told me that first!"

"That's what I said, you fool! If you don't want to see me go crazy, take off the handcuffs first!"

"okay! hang on!"

Anyway, Lian and Tess had similar tendencies. Unlike wizards who grasp the situation until the odds arise, Lian ran with the idea of ??removing the panel first.

At that moment, a shockwave occurred in front of my eyes. Lian, who backed away in pain, raised her gaze. Kariel, floating in her air, held out her hand with her displeased expression.

'what? It's nothing?'

It was surprising that the shockwave burst into the empty space, but it was not as destructive as expected.

Lian, who was intimidated by the title of archangel, grabbed the greatsword with new hope.

Canis was also paying attention to the information Lian had obtained.

 - Archangel's ability is lower than expected. it will be a chance for us

 - It must be because of the wine of life or something. Wouldn't it be easy to make a human?

 - I guess so. But are you surprised? Are you saying you're going to go on like this even though we've come?

Angels are strong, but not for battle.

For example, Archangel Ikael's ability was activated, which seemed to have nothing to do with combat.

But the concept is so huge that any horse, even angels, trembles.

Kariel also had a huge concept of birth.

Explosions, fires, machines, drugs, etc.

The number of things that can be created by combining existing things is close to infinite.

However, among them, the thing that Kariel was most proud of was life.

No matter what object is created, the energy concentrated in the birth itself is enormous.

In particular, when it comes to the spirits of creatures that give birth to living things, even the archangel must pour most of his mental power into it.

"How dare you interfere with the archangel's calling. People who don't live to be 100 years old are arrogant."

Canis sent Harvest into darkness without anyone noticing. It was a strategy to rescue the women in the gap when Kariel was ambushed while she waited.

"An angelic calling? What are you trying to do by making the Nephilim? Unlockers can be found in our world as well."

Amy opened her mouth. She had seen through Kanis's strategy to prolong time.

"Heaven is using the Nephilim to attack the human world. There are more Unlockers on our side of the world, so we're trying to balance the power."

"conquer? Are you going to war?"

"yes. The Nephilim are not like the apostles of God. He was a spy sent to the occupied territories."

Kariel did not deny it. He didn't care about the thoughts of an insignificant human being.

Ra is great and the angel is superior. There was no room for human concepts to interfere with what the archangels were doing.

"I should be grateful to you. Thanks to you, I was able to fight the final war."

The eyes of Amy and the others were focused on Kariel. The word "last war" was unsettling, but I couldn't understand the meaning of being able to fight it.

"The Last War?"

"It is literally. The human world will soon perish. Until now, the hateful labyrinth was blocking the end, but because of you, the beginning of the war has opened."

Canis was perplexed. The woman Shirone was looking for was blocking the apocalypse.

Then, Arcane's response came to mind. If the destruction of mankind was at stake, it was understandable that Master had erased her memories.

"But why is it because of us? What did we do?"

"A woman named Miro blocks the passage between heaven and the human world. But through the Metagate you brought, a new path has been opened. Sooner or later, the armies of Heaven will mercilessly burn humans."

Everyone's heart sank. If Kariel's words are true, he has done something irreversible. The destruction of mankind is hastened by them.

Kariel shouted, pointing at the mechanism.

"Look! It's a metagate brought by Ikasa! When the Art of Life is over, I'll analyze the coordinates. The moment a new portal opens, your world will perish!"

The eyes of Amy and the others returned at the same time.

"... ... ."

The great world war has become calm. nobody spoke up

When the expected reaction did not come out, Kariel, puzzled, slowly turned her head. Then he had the same expression.

"... ... ."

The fairy who embraced the metagate stared blankly at me with her mouth open.

Kariel tried to say something, but then shut her mouth again.

Why is the fairy here? It was different from the law, and even if it was not the law, it was a situation where cause and effect could not be found.

Perhaps the silence was awkward, Peope spoke first.

"Oh, hello."

Kariel tilted her head. Will he say hello to himself? Then at least it's not crazy. By all means, I spoke with the hope that you would find an appropriate probability with this question.

"Who the hell are you?"

"This is Peope."

Kariel cried. However, he struggled to control his mind, as showing his emotions was a demeaning act.

"Yes, Peope. Why are you here?"

"Ah, I'm going to find Metagate."

"... ... Right. Then why... ... Ha, so why are you and the like trying to find it?"

"That's because there will be no war."

At that moment, Kariel's patience broke. She held out her hand with the sole intention of exploding the flying flies in front of her eyes.

In one shot, it explodes splendidly.

"die."

 - Harvest! It's now!

Harvest emerged from the darkness of the great world war.

The moment he wielded a shadow as sharp as a blade, Kariel flew up to the ceiling.

Canis, aiming for that opportunity, shouted as she ran to the women.

"Lian! Protect Peope! It must never be taken away!"

Lian immediately turned and ran towards Peope. He wanted to rescue Tess right away, but in an urgent situation, it was better to listen to the wizard.

"Peope! come here!"

Peope, who was taken aback by the sudden battle, heard Lian's voice and flew away.

Kariel evaded Harvest's pursuit and aimed at Feope. However, when Lian grabbed the sword first and kept his position, he turned sharply and flew back to the ceiling.

Lian, who was relieved, looked back at Peope.

"Whoa, are you okay?"

"do not know! I thought I was scared to death! Hurry up and take this!"

Feope's face was as pale as soup. It was a situation where he had to provoke the archangel. Even thinking about it now, I couldn't figure out how I got it.

Lian was handed the Metagate. No matter how wooden or stone she was, she couldn't help but be moved.

If you activate the metagate right now, at least you can go home.

Of course, I had no intention of doing that, but thinking about how much the situation had improved gave me a surge of courage.

"Thank you, Peope."

"Don't get me wrong! I wasn't trying to help... ... !"

Feope stopped talking. The situation was so obvious that I couldn't think of words to hide my feelings.

Disobeyed the archangel's order and helped humans. It wasn't a violation of the law, it was an act of completely burning it.

Peope, who gave up his excuses, made a voice.

"So, what are you going to do? Now I'm done."

"Come with me."

"what?"

"Come with us. There are many interesting things in the world out there. You saved us, so we will do our best to save you."

Feope hurriedly turned around. To be honest, this was a bit exciting.

But she couldn't accept the offer. It's not difficult to go to the world of humans, but that's because it wasn't something I did with the hope of such a thing.

"Okay, you fool! Think about it after you save your friends!"

Lian watched the progress of Canis while being wary of her surroundings. Currently, Kanis was cutting the women's handcuffs with the Power of Darkness.

 -40% progress in the Art of Life.

Amy shouted when a voice came from the ceiling.

"hurry! There is no time!"

"Be quiet, you pumpkin! If your mind is shaken, your wrists will be cut off!"

Kanis was cutting the handcuffs of the three people by spinning a sharp shadow like a blade. He was in full contact with the woman's flesh, and he required precise work.

Kariel, who moved away from Harvest, was getting annoyed. She even wondered what it would be like to cancel the drink of life and annihilate them.

There are probably 50,000 ways to kill with the power of birth.

But the drink of life could not be canceled.

None of the women tested positive even though the information transfer rate exceeded 40 percent.

'They are the best stuff. I can never give up.'

Kariel opened a portal as a last resort.

With the remaining mental strength, he could summon a fairly decent Mara, and he even came up with the right person for the situation.

"Respond to the call, Baalb."

When a new Mara appeared, the Great World War turned ominous. Everyone except Canis looked up at the ceiling and checked the number of horns.

It was Lee Gak Mara.

"Sleeper Baalb. I follow Kariel's command."

He was a handsome old middle-aged man. His hair was oiled and tucked back, and his bared ears were pricked.

He was as tall as an angel and wore a cloak with a collar higher than his head.

"Conquer the human. The wine of life must not be disturbed."

"That is definitely my major. All right."

Baalb landed on the ground with his right hand on his chest.

"Peope, take care of me for a moment."

Lian, who entrusted the metagate to Peope, charged Baalb. But even though he rushed at the risk of death, he couldn't even get close. As he approached Baalb, his consciousness began to cloud as his mind became hazy.

'what? Suddenly sleepy... ... .'

Being drowsy in a situation where you were fighting for your life was impossible unless you were crazy.

It's definitely some ability.

Realizing that, Lian hurriedly retreated.

As soon as I left the invisible realm, my consciousness returned. However, the fatigue from lack of sleep remained intact in the body.

It was a situation where the tantrum was bound to explode.

"Damn it, what kind of trick is this again?"

From giants to fairies, Mara to angels, all of them had incredible abilities. Looking back, he even felt ashamed at the thought that he came to heaven and became a burden to his friends.

Baalb turned around in a dignified manner.

"It is useless. You won't even be able to swing your sword at me."

A red jewel slowly circled around Baalb. maybe that's the problem?

With a kendo stance, they slowly closed the gap. As expected, after passing a certain boundary line, the red jewel glowed and drowsiness began to pour in again.

'Damn it. That was it too. What the hell is it?'

No one knew the identity of the jewel, but Harvest, a magical creature, read its unique wavelength.

 -Kanis, it's a bad situation. I'd rather step back for now. It is an object.

 -An object? Is that an object?

Kanis had also only heard about Arcane, but it was the first time he had actually seen it.

An object is a thing.

What sets it apart from ordinary objects is that it exerts a strange influence on the outside world.

Some objects are familiar to humans.

Like the cursed blue diamond or the flying carpet.

Humans also collect quite a lot of things, so it was not strange that maras who roamed the world had at least one.

A vampiric object possessed by a certain Mara is said to suck the blood of the surroundings. Also, objects of hatred could trigger anger and lead to murder.

The object of Baalb is an object of sleep, and it is an object that makes any creature fall asleep when it enters the sphere of influence.

=======================================
[217] 6. Heaven's Trouble (4)





As the jewels rotated faster, it even affected Canis.

A great drowsiness ensued. She bites her lip and endures it, but as she continues to cut off her handcuffs, the women's wrists are blown off.

'no! I can't leave Arin behind!'

Blood leaked from his bitten lips.

Amy and Tess, who were watching, couldn't offer any advice.

The only person who could stop him was Arin.

"Kanis, you still have time. back off at once You will fall first."

"damn! damn!"

I know I have to back off.

I just need to cut a little more. If I had great power like Master's, I would have cut off all the handcuffs by now.

 -Information transfer rate 50 percent.

"I will definitely save you. wait a little longer."

Kanis couldn't bear to make eye contact with the women and moved away from the object's influence.

My mind came back like a lie. But the pain of that time has not been forgotten. It was a compulsive force that could not be compared to sleep magic.

'That's right, coercion. That is the characteristic of objects.'

Objects are mutations in the world of objects. Due to some cosmic error, the very concept of things was distorted.

Therefore, it was impossible to block the ability of the object in any way because it did not violate the law of cause and effect.

Besides, there was not much time left. It was an excellent choice to call a sleeping horse in a time limit situation.

"Lian, stand back. I will deal with you."

Kanis switched places with Lian. To a prosecutor with weak mental ability, the object of sleep was no better than rat poison.

Peope pointed at the entrance to the Great World War and shouted.

"Guys! Look over there!"

Ymir, a giant, was running with his massive body.

Power entered Ryan's eyes. She felt smaller than when I first saw her, but she was definitely that giant.

Even the cool-headed Canis couldn't hide her anger this time.

"damn! To come to a giant!"

"calm down. I'll take care of the giant. You kill Baalb."

Considering the compatibility, it was the right decision. However, Lian wanted to deal with him directly, even if it wasn't for Sangseong.

In the first fight, he couldn't even inflict a fatal wound, but this time it was his turn to show his talents.

When Lian arrived at the entrance, Peope flew in with a metagate.

"Hey, what about this?"

"Keep it for me. We will definitely go back."

"what? How can I... ... !"

Feope couldn't finish her words. It was a burdensome and undeserved request, but when I saw Lian's face, I couldn't say anything.

It wasn't the face of someone who said he would definitely return.

"But if you find yourself in a dangerous situation... ... ."

Lian looked back at Peope and smiled softly.

"Give me any amount of that and run away. There is nothing more precious than life."

Feope kept her mouth shut and made an ugly expression.

How can you say something like this? Why are all humans only fools?

"Stop talking nonsense! Why can't you be honest? Even if I die, I want you to protect this! Without this, you can't go back!"

Ryan didn't answer.

"you stupid! My opponent is Ymir! It's Ymir, the king of giants! If you fight, you will surely die!"

Ryan finally found out. Was your name Ymir? Not just a giant, but the king of giants.

Then there is nothing short of a final opponent.

Feope was heartbroken. Is that human life? Compared to fairies, life is as short as a ephemera, so are they desperately trying to burn it?

Ryan blocked the entrance. It looked strangely large, backlit like a total solar eclipse.

"name... ... The name... ... ."

Feope forced her voice to stop coming out of her throat.

"What is your name?"

So I asked Ryan. He thought it would be dangerous to give out his name in heaven, but Feofe should know. Because now we have come to trust each other.

"I am Ogent Lian."

Lian, who raised his greatsword, looked back at Feope and said.

"It's Shirone's sword."

thud!

With the greatsword driven deep into the ground, Lian leaned back on the blade and lowered her center of gravity.

Ymir came running, tearing at the corner of his mouth grotesquely.

"Quack! Is it the second one attached? At that level, you can be called a warrior."

"Come on, King of Giants."

Ymir charged without slowing down.

Feeling a sense of intimidation, like a rolling boulder, Lian took a receptive attitude and exclaimed.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

Ymir's shoulders crouched down on Lian's torso.

The greatsword bent as if it were about to bend, then came back with an exclamation.

Wood Deuk!

The sound of something breaking was heard in Ryan's stomach. The blood that gushed out of his neck dyed the sky red.



@



Shockwave penetrated Ymir's chest.

The battlefield where the clash between heaven's best magic swordsman and warrior was devastated.

Wherever they passed, they left traces of dents, and wind came in from broken windows.

Ymir was smiling with his back against the wall. As the signal of the shock wave rushed in, the body was disintegrating cell by cell.

"Hey, that's pretty good. How do you feel? I feel like it stabbed me."

Ashur had a bitter taste. Although Ymir had lost his body, he was not the kind of person who would allow a sword to work so easily.

"... ... Was it a part' of you?"

Ymir is a giant who has reached the 10th level of an unprecedented anecdote. No one knows how much body she absorbed, but it was widely believed that she would easily exceed 10,000.

"Being a giant doesn't mean you can't use your head. come slowly I'll go ahead and wait for you."

As Ymir sat down, Ashur's sword slid through his head.

After a while, bubbles bubbled from Ymir's body and released into a black liquid.

Ashur glared at the liquid that wet his feet. When he opened his palm, his sword turned into a signal and disappeared.

"Damn it, I was careless."

Ymir doesn't like strategy. Because she thinks it's the next best thing for the weak. However, he chose to throw away his pride and go to the world championships for today.

animal instinct? No, it was a superhuman instinct.

Ymir likes the simple, but the complex always wins. Because she was born with one trait.

It was the instinct to smell the war.

If you look at Heaven's history, Ymir has always been at the heart of the war.

It was the same this time too.

It was an intuition that the event that occurred in the Great World War would be a decisive opportunity to find one's body.

"I might be late."

Despite their opposite tendencies, Ymir's sense of smell was trustworthy.

The fact that he gave up the battle and disappeared means there was no need to waste time. It was clear that the situation in the Great World War was more serious than expected.

Ashur kicked off the floor and left the battlefield.



@



"Canis! Back off! no more!"

Arin shouted. It has already been 10 minutes since she entered the realm of objects. Even so, instead of backing down, Canis increased the speed of her magic fire.

Baalb walked away as if he was not worth responding to. Although Lee Gak Mara basically exceeded Canis' abilities, as long as there were objects, there would be no direct step forward.

The object of sleep makes living things fall asleep, but what is more terrifying than that is the case of refusal.

This is because if you forcefully endure, fatigue from lack of sleep will accumulate and eventually lead to death.

Canis's current state of mind was equivalent to not sleeping for eight days.

"It's pretty good for a human. But how long will it last? If you don't get a good night's sleep, you die."

Canis came to her senses.

I hadn't heard what Baalb had just said. The scenery he saw through his eyes was not being transmitted to his brain.

 - Canis! Wake!

Harvest shouted through the mental channel. But to no avail. I didn't even get an answer as if my mind was starting to go numb.

"The owner seems to be quite concerned. Is it natural that we share life?"

Harvest turned around at Kariel's words. Currently, the archangel has come down to earth and is contemplating the situation. It was clear that he had realized that Harvest's power had weakened.

"It takes a lot of energy to maintain darkness. Is it replenishing it with human life? It's a fun idea, but it just distracts you."

Canis slowly raised herself.

I found out a little while ago that I was lying down. She wasn't even aware of the saliva dripping from her mouth.

"Arin, I don't think everyone can return alive."

"no! Canis! No way!"

A terrifying thought popped into Arin's head.

The only way for Canis, who resembles Master's personality, to try in this situation was the card that Arcane pulled out right before her death.

Harvest made the same decision.

 -Canis, is it an Abyss memory? But you are different from Arcane. You may not be able to stand it.

Canis shook her head. With just that much determination, I couldn't defeat Lee Gak Mara.

 -no. I'll try what I said before. We need your strength, Harvest. can you help me

 -no. It's magic that can only be done in theory. You've never done an experiment. You should at least try it after reading the Book of Light and Darkness.

 -Harvest, if any of us have to live, it's Arin. You know.

Harvest did not answer. However, since he did not deny it, it was the same as acknowledging Canis' words. It also meant their own extinction.

 -I get it. give me my strength

Harvest's body was absorbed into Canis' shadow.

Kanis, who had regained consciousness a little, prepared for death.

I've never really thought about dying under any circumstances. I was just willing to enter the world of eternal nothingness.

"Limit of the Abyss (Limit of Abyss)."

The magic designed only in theory was activated.

In an instant, the mental fatigue disappeared. However, he did not erase his memory like Arcane.

What he erased was the limit.

Canis knew what kind of person she was. He probably won't be able to reach the heights of supreme like Shirone.

So I went beyond the limits in my own way.

Children who do not know fire willingly put their hands into the flames, and high priests burn themselves and go into the net.

The difference between Muji and Dono is significant, but the mental size of jumping into the fire is the same.

Kanis chose to be an ignorant child if he could not become an enlightened monk.

What was obtained as a result was a temporary immortal function state.

Of course, you have not actually reached nirvana. However, he was able to acquire enough similar mental strength in combat.

"Goes!"

I didn't feel any fatigue until the duration of Abyssal Limits ended. However, seeing Canis flying around was hell for Arin.

"Canis! no! Please don't!"

Arin cried out in tears. I didn't have the courage to live in the world without Canis and Harvest.

But Canis didn't hear anyone's voice. Feeling a bit of joy at the magic he succeeded for the first time, he cast the best magic he could.

'Dark family.'

Magic that transforms the wizard's spirit into physical force . Arcane was a Dark Golem, but Canis' family was a completely different form.

Shadows spread like water on the floor, and huge earthworms called worms surged out.

"Master... ... ."

If you can get the mental strength equivalent to Immortal Function, the Dark Fellowship was the most compatible magic.

'Will you compliment me?'

A 10-meter-long earthworm fell vertically in a parabola.

Baalb was not nervous. With his arms undone, he just walked away indifferently.

"It's quite. Praise this... ... ."

Before Baalb could finish his words, another Dark Worm rose from the floor.

The flowing waterfall swallowed Baalb and soared to the ceiling.

Objects shattered and the sound of Baalb's bones breaking was heard. Moments later, the bizarrely twisted corpse of Baalb fell.

=======================================
[218] 6. Heaven's Trouble (5)





Canis gasped. His head was spinning and it felt like his brain was melting.

But I still couldn't get comfortable. I had to fight for Arin until the last moment.

"Baalb, the fodder is not a horse."

Baalb's body trembled at Kariel's voice.

"I'm sorry, Miss Kariel."

Canis' face went blank. I must have broken all the bones in my body, so how could I be alive?

No, it wasn't just alive.

Each body organ was changing into a strange shape.

Encased in a carapace, the insect's legs protruded, and tentacles resembling molluscs extended.

"Thank you for allowing the demon awakening."

As Baalb's size grew like a mountain, everyone raised their heads vertically.

It was a huge creature mixed with all sorts of creatures.

The word junk food was just right.

It looked like octopuses, cockroaches, flies, maggots, and snakes would come out exactly like that if you boiled them in a pot and dried them.

"Kikiki! It's been 2,000 years since you awakened."

"now... ... Is it over?"

Kanis's hope disappeared like a bubble. Objects are just... ... It was just Mara's plaything.

It was already too late when I realized that I had risked my life on an impossible task from the beginning.



@



"Lian, Lian... ... ."

Feope looked back at Lian with tears in her eyes. Even in a situation where everything was in vain, he was fighting.

No, I was blocking it.

Lian, who vomited blood from the first collision, hugged Ymir and put on a mental lock.

Even if it breaks, it does not bend.

What he got in return for taking the dangerous path was physical ability that conformed to the schema.

Ymir realized that if he didn't break Lian's body, he would never be freed.

The greatsword staggered whenever Lian's body shook in shock.

"Keugh! yet... ... !"

This situation gave Ymir a strange thought.

The temperament of power is hard as iron. It was not the strength that a creature could produce. Besides, it made a mess in the stomach, so it was normal to have no strength.

'Among humans, those who can use it are extremely rare.'

As we fight countless battles, we meet such people on a very low frequency. However, they were the strongest warriors representing civilization without exception.

Putting a human who can't even use the giant's wine into the same class would not be a courtesy to them.

"haha! Let's go somewhere to the end!"

Ymir landed an uppercut from super close range.

Lian's eyes widened as the muscles in her abdomen ruptured. Her knees bent as her lifted body landed, but she held on to Ymir.

In the next moment, Lian broke the mental lock and shoved Ymir on the shoulder.

When the clinch, which seemed unlikely to be resolved even if he died, ended, Ymir put on a puzzled expression.

But does it matter? After all, you are the strongest.

This is what any living creature ends up fighting against the king of giants.

"Have you given up in the end? It lasted a long time for a human being. As a reward, I will finish it painlessly."

Ymir stepped forward with all his might and extended his fist. It was a destructive force that tore her muscles even at close range, so if a blow with her weight came in, Lian's body would not have the ability to withstand it.

But Ryan didn't care. His eyes were looking over the giant's shoulder as he smiled at Ymir.

"Here you are, Shirone."



@



Shirone covered the distance of one kilometer in 30 seconds.

As the Great World War drew near, I saw a giant with a fist and a messed up Lian.

"Liaaan!"

Ymir flinched. However, her fist, which contained her strength, rode her inertia and rushed toward Lian's abdomen.

Shirone cast Shining Chain. Chains tens of meters long wrapped around Ymir's body.

"yes?"

The moment Ymir realized it, his body was being dragged away at an incredible speed.

"Big!"

Even while floating, Ymir attempted to break the chains by infusing them with power.

The giant's strength rushed into Shirone's spirit. But I had no intention of accepting an ignorant challenge.

Shirone moved the chain and defeated the giant.

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!

Ymir's body wrapped in chains drew a trajectory of a parabola and was thrown back and forth. When she finally put it on the ground, the floor rang.

Ymir, sprawled, was motionless.

It was a humiliation.

The fact that his body was ridiculed by a mere human wizard made his body hot.

"Do you think it will break if you just hit the ground? I'll break these chains right now! Feel how strong my body is!"

The chains pulled as Ymir flexed his muscles. Shirone's brow wrinkled. However, if the opponent came out with a straight attack, it was a wizard to turn around and counter it.

"How about this?"

Shirone swung her arm and the chains broke, sending Ymir flying off the bridge.

Ymir looked at Shirone with a blank expression while floating in the air.

"you... ... ."

Just as he was about to say something, his body fell under the bridge under the force of gravity.

7. Heaven (1)





The falling Ymir looked at the receding bridge. She was only able to get out of her dejected mind when the scenery was covered by clouds.

"Anyway, wizards are... ... ."

It didn't matter even if it fell to the ground like this. It would have been much more fun to have a durability match with the ground waiting below rather than wandering around in a 'part' state.

I thought so.

But the moment the boy appeared, the smell came back. A fishy, ??yet spicy smell unique to the battlefield.

Nothing is over yet. Still, the hottest place in heaven was the Great World War.

"I can't fall into a place like that."

I have to go to the great world war.

If you try to jump, the power of the 'part' will weaken even more, but the smell of blood on the battlefield is calling, so there is no need to hesitate.

"Huh!"

Ymir puffed up as he inhaled air.

When oxygen was cut off, the skin hardened like porcelain. The color was gone from his face, and the life in his eyes was gone.

Her lips parted and her pulse stopped.

So Ymir died.

pop! The front part of the corpse exploded, and the same shape of Ymir came out.

Empowered by the powerful momentum, Ymir jumped several tens of meters and stuck her fingers into the pillars supporting the Buddha.

"Whoa, it annoys me every time I do it."

For him who pursued powerlessness, the weakening of his power was an unbearable setback. Particularly, being born part to part was extremely unpleasant because it had to go through death.

One reason for enduring all this humiliation. It was to see the end of the battle with his own eyes.

Hanging from the pole, Ymir put the soles of his feet on the pole and let his shoulders hang down. As I spurred her pole, pulling her arms up, her huge body soared against her gravity.



@



 - 80% progress in the Art of Life.

Shirone looked back on the Great World War. As we approached the entrance, Feofe handed over the memories of his so far.

Shirone looked down at the bleeding Lian.

"It's fine? sorry I am late."

"no. It's not too late. Go in and get the girls."

Ryan was a mess. He needed time to at least replenish his stamina to return home.

"Shirone!"

cried Amy. Tears welled up in her eyes as the emotions she had been holding back exploded. She thought she was holding up well, but it seemed that she was saddened without realizing it.

"There is no time! Once the information is sent, it's done!"

Shirone knew what she meant. She was so angry that her fingertips trembled.

All this time, it never occurred to me that Amy had to ask for her permission to do anything.

But when this happened, I realized it.

No one should be rude to Amy without her permission.

Canis rose from Shirone's shadow.

"How are you? Did you find a way to escape? Ikael said he would free the women?"

"Ichael won't come."

"So you're saying you've worked hard?"

"Maybe it is. But from now on, I'll try."

Shirone walked over to Baalb. However, the target he was glaring at was Kariel beyond that.

"If you release the women right now, I will just go back."

"Even so, what has changed? Destruction cannot be avoided. The final war will happen and all humans can do is wait for death."

"no. You cannot destroy us."

"I don't know why you're talking nonsense like that. The power of heaven is great. If Ra did not exist, your world would not exist either."

"It could be. But Ra is not a god."

It was not an intentional word or a sophistry. Shirone sincerely thought so. The maze was also the same.



-Shirone, God is not a particularly great being. He's just the designer of the world.



When I heard that from Miro, I didn't understand at first. I thought that the Unlocker, who used scale magic, was overconfident in his abilities and disparaged the gods.

But it wasn't until he realized the secret of heaven.

Miro knew that beings who considered themselves great could not become gods.

there is only one god He was the designer of the world.

"Humans are not as stupid as you think. A being that we can see, feel, and analyze cannot be God! we will fight! If the final war breaks out, it will be heaven to perish!"

Kariel's expression crumpled. It must have been a long time since I had heard such disrespectful words.

"This makes it clear. man deserves to die Baalb, punish them."

"That is the greatest pleasure for me, Mr. Kariel."

Baalb's heavy body began to wriggle. Every time the giant moved, the unknown organs swayed meaninglessly.

"Canis! Back off!"

Numerous photons floated around Shirone. The tension of the vibrating light was terrifying, as if it would jump out at the slightest touch.

At the same time as Baalb attacked Shirone, dozens of photon cannons were fired.

Puff puff puff puff!

Surprisingly, Baalb's body was pushed back. Then, a shrieking sound erupted.

The photon cannon pounded the huge body endlessly.

The legs of the insects were broken, and the tentacles of the molluscs lost their elasticity, as if they had been wrung from their molars.

Baalb's body turned completely over. Even under that circumstance, he was pushed towards Kariel, getting hit by a barrage of cannon fire.

Shirone stopped the magic only then. It was an attack that exploded all at once with the rage he had so far.

Still, I wasn't tired. Even though the power of the single shot increased, I couldn't even feel the fatigue.

Canis, watching that, collapsed. Is it possible for humans to step up the power of magic in just a few hours?

It is not uncommon to realize something new by risking one's life on the battlefield.

However, Shirone did not undergo a mental change. Previously, all the figures that made up him had risen collectively.

'I can't do this. It can't be this far away.'

Even just a few months ago, when I had a battle with Shirone, the difference wasn't that great. Also, after being defeated by light magic, he trained harder than anyone else to surpass Shirone.

But Shirone was farther away than before.

Why is he not frustrated? What is the source of his power?

Kyle-El said to the fallen Baalb.

"Stop playing around, Baalb."

His expression did not waver at all. Of course, Shirone's magic was quite good for a human. By the standards of the subjects, it should have been well within the top 40%.

But with that, you can't defeat Lee Gak Mara.

According to the law, what was impossible even if there were 10 Shirones was Mara's force.

"I'm sorry, Kariel-sama. It seems that the great world war will break down a little."

"It's okay."

When Kariel agreed, the floor began to shake. The organs of countless creatures that made up Baalb struggled as they headed toward the ceiling.

"Kikiki! Waking up my cute test subjects. It will be a nightmare for you."

=======================================
[219] 7. Heaven (2)





Baalb, called the god of anesthesia in some civilizations, was a Mara who put all living things to sleep and transplanted them into his organs.

Sleep reduces the living to the status of inanimate.

Organisms captured by Baalb were no different from objects, and they had to live as organs of the monster for the rest of their lives.

 - Ilhwa's drinking progress is 90%.

A Baalb weighing more than 100 tons chased after Shirone, struggling with its humble body. Something like the forelimb of a quadruped protruded from her shoulder and struck her to the floor.

The Great World War resounded.

"Kiki! How are you? It is the power of 260 lions. Sooner or later you too will become part of my body."

 - Ilhwa's drinking progress rate is 91%.

When the 90% was exceeded, voices came out in 1% increments. Shirone's heart sank at the fact that there was only 9 percent left.

"... ... Lorne! Shirone!"

I came to my senses at the words Canis called.

"Where are you selling your mind? If you have something prepared, do it quickly. Could it be that you didn't attack blindly?"

If the level of magic had improved a little, Kanis was just thinking of casting a dark worm on himself.

When I died, I died. I didn't want to be a part of the sleeping horse and suffer forever.

Hearing Canis' words, Shirone remembered the magic circle that Ikael had given her.

However, even if they could create a halo, they could not use it immediately like the angels.

"There is one thing... ... ."

"Then do it! Why are you procrastinating!"

Twenty crab legs protruded from Baalb's lower body.

As the fast-moving legs pushed through the 100-ton weight, Shirone and Canis flung sideways at the same time.

Baalb, who jumped 10 meters, crushed the spot where they were.

The Great World War shook and iron powder fell from the ceiling.

"I need time. Can you give me a minute?"

Canis sighed. Was it like that after all?

But how long can you hold on to Lee Gak Mara, who is difficult to deal with even with a sober mind?

"Ten seconds. I can't stand any more than that."

"I'll ask you for one minute."

As soon as Shirone left, Baalb swung the octopus' leg. The wet tentacles broke the floor the moment Canis fluttered like a flying squirrel.

"Kihehehe! Running away is fine. Well, that's the only advantage of weak things."

"huh! To be arrogant about a dull subject."

Kanis calmed down and counted the time. The difference in power is extreme, but if you focus only on evasion, there is no possibility at all. Doesn't that mean mosquitoes can't escape for a minute just because they can't beat humans?

Lian grabbed the greatsword and stood up.

"I... ... I have to go."

I couldn't stay still forever. Since Shirone was preparing something of her own, she had to drag out at least some time with Kanis.

Then Peope looked outside and shouted.

"I... ... that!"

Lian turned to see Ymir, the king of giants, running towards him with furious eyes. It was evident that she was aiming for the humiliated Shirone.

As he tackled with all his might, leading his broken body, Ymir's body was pushed aside. Lian, who rolled on the floor, grabbed his greatsword and blocked the way to Shirone...

'what? why?'

I risked my life, but I didn't know that Ymir would be pushed back. She felt weaker than before.

Ymir shook his knees and stood up.

"Third. But it doesn't sound like much fun now, does it?"

"I am Shirone's sword. I can never approach you until I die."

Thanks to Peope's telepathy, they are now able to understand each other's words. However, Ymir frowned in disappointment.

"You are wrong. Power does not exist to protect something. Destruction is the essence of power. You who don't realize it will never be able to stop me."

Ymir moved like the wind. Her strength decreased, but her agility seemed to increase.

A shower of hits hit Lian's body. Because Lian was already ruined, he couldn't even counterattack.

But I was satisfied with that. As long as she's alive, Ymir won't go to Shirone.

'Let's hold on. If I hold on a little longer, I'll be able to die comfortably.'

Ymir's eyes began to grow red. No matter how beaten he was, Lian did not fall. Even after destroying everything she could see, she held on as if there was something left.

"Lian! Ryan! Stop it, you bastard!"

Tess shouted with her tear-stained face.

"Please stop hitting me! Then I will die!"

Ymir's attacks did not stop. It was madness different from what you would feel in a normal battle.

The feeling of life colliding with life was transmitted to the skin.

fun. He was a very funny person.

"Awesome! It is my mission to destroy you!"

Ryan's body shuddered with a tearing sound.

Tess closed her eyes. still looked The fact that Lian was dying was transmitted through the five senses.

She cried out to Kariel with tears in her eyes.

"okay! I'll give birth to you! I will give birth to any number of Nephilim, so please stop!"

Kariel did not waver.

"It is natural to give birth to Nephilim. And Ymir is not under my control."

 - 96% progress in the art of life.

Ymir stopped his attack and took a deep breath. she was shocked What the hell is this human made of?

dead. No, it was normal to die.

Even the energy of life could not be found in the appearance of standing without even raising the guard.

But he was still holding the greatsword.

How? All the muscles in his right arm were crushed. It was impossible to lift iron only with the strength of ligaments.

'No, it's just a corpse. It has hardened as it is.'

It was clear that I had won, but I didn't feel like I had won.

"I will put an end to it!"

Ymir gritted his teeth. She extended her stride and raised her fist, intending to deliver the final blow.

At that moment, I saw Lian's greatsword rise. also very slowly. When I widened my field of view to the whole world, only he was moving in the great world war.

'Sheesh! Is this again?'

Ymir, who has experienced numerous wars, describes this as a seesaw of time. When the speed of the world suddenly soared, it was a phenomenon in which time passed relatively slowly from the point of view of accepting it.

As one speeds up, the other slows down.

Conversely, it meant that Lian's arm was moving as fast as Ymir's time passed slowly.

'Damn it!'

Ymir realized why the boy standing in front of him could move even when his body was broken.

Mind is not destroyed. That undestroyed spirit was directly moving the body.

A technique that completely transcends the mechanism of living things, in which the body moves when the mind gives instructions.

It was an incarnation technique that only the highest-ranking giants could do.

Since schema was originally a technique of giants, incarnation was also similar to a concept in the human world.

The brain-enhancing tests in the schema control the body through a mental lock.

However, if it goes beyond the degree, the mind and body are integrated into one, and the body follows what you think.

In the human world, this phenomenon is called 'divine transcendence'.

'haha. I wish it had been like this from the beginning.'

Ymir twisted as he stared at Lian's greatsword pointed at the ceiling.

The moment I thought I had leaned in enough to avoid it, the speed of time rapidly returned.

Lian's greatsword disappeared from sight. At the same time, the severed right arm rotated in the air.

Ymir's face turned bitter. The faster Ryan moves, the slower time passes. Even so, the fact that she couldn't avoid it perfectly meant that she couldn't avoid it from the beginning.

Puff puff puff puff!

The moment the greatsword hit the ground, Lian's right arm exploded. His torn muscles were tattered and his bones all exposed.

The body could not withstand the speed of divine transcendence.

 - 97% progress in the art of life.

The wine of life was now approaching its end. And human life also went to the end. Hit by Baalb's tentacles, Canis flew dozens of meters and crashed into a wall.

and didn't wake up

"Baalb, stop it."

"Yes, Mr. Kariel!"

After defeating Canis, Baalb charged Shirone. The first minute promised had already passed. But so far, no change has occurred in Shirone.

"Shirone! Dangerous!"

Shirone didn't hear anything. In the process of opening the immortal function to the limit and returning it, he had no room for his nerves to be involved.

"Ha ha ha! You will put me on the ugliest part of me!"

Something like a scorpion's tail protruded from Baalb's back. Black droplets of water hung from the tip of the saliva.

It was a powerful sleeping poison that even a dragon would be anesthetized once inserted.

At that moment, Shirone's eyes flashed open. Perong! A circle with a diameter of 2 meters was born, and Baalb's attack bounced back with a shock wave.

A puzzled light flashed across Kariel's face as she watched it.

'no way? No, it can't be.'

Humans cannot use the powers of angels. It was not something the human mind could comprehend.

But why are you anxious? What is this low, suffocating feeling?

"Baalb! There is no time!"

"Keeeeeeeeeee!"

Hearing Kariel's instructions, Baalb screamed and launched a physical attack. His hideous face was engulfed in horror.

As Shirone's halo rotated at the speed of light, a red dot was embedded in the center. Subsequently, the first magic circle began to bring in numerous concepts.



Angel's Magic Circle.

Infinite Judicial Halo Halo.



Kariel looked at the countless magic circles rising from the halo like lotuses and couldn't help but be astonished.

It really was Halo.

It doesn't make sense for humans to realize themselves. Clearly, someone passed it on to him.

who the hell Where is the mad angel in heaven to teach humans how to halo?

While Kariel couldn't get out of the shock, Feope was blown away by the women.

"hurry! hurry!"

"okay! Hang in there!"

When he applied the force of the spiral, the handcuffs twisted.

Thanks to Canis cutting off more than half of them, the handcuffs were easily destroyed even with Peope's ability.

Even in the meantime, Kariel couldn't take her eyes off Halo.

What was happening in front of them was a more serious problem than the Nephilim.

The angel's betrayal was a major event that shook the foundation of heaven.

I had to know. who passed it on.

And it had to be destroyed.

Baalb mobilized all kinds of tools to crush Shirone. However, the attack stopped before reaching the body as if blocked by an invisible barrier.

"Kyik! Kiik!"

I tried my best, but it was irresistible. Just as a child cannot kill its mother, the authority of a higher being recorded in the law was blocking access itself.

As the colorful flashes hit the Halo, numerous magic circles were created and interlocked like gears.

As soon as the density of information exceeded 80 percent, the concept changed rapidly and the rotation speed increased.

The rotational speed of the halo beyond imagination was as if it would disrupt the world with just that.

Realizing the concept contained in the magic circle, Baalb's face went pale. Her legs gave out and he thumped her ass.

Mara encountered what she feared the most.

"Hee! Ata... ... ! Ata... ... !"

Baalb mobilized all of his movable organs and crawled towards Kariel. However, he was so engrossed that he had no mechanism to push the ground properly.

Baalb, who had given up on living, looked back and shouted.

"Kariel! Avoid! This is Ataraxia, the Super Magic Amplification Form!"

Kariel knew. But he didn't move. All sorts of thoughts filled her head, and time seemed to stop passing.

It's ataraxia.

Heaven's strongest judge who subdued countless angels. It was Ikael's monopoly on making any Mara scream.

Has such an ability been passed on to humans?

It won't be.

It was more plausible that Ikael, who was standing over there, looked like a boy because of his own eyes.

'Ikael, really... ... Have I gone mad?'

no, it wasn't crazy

She sincerely intended to stop the war. Giving up even her honor as the strongest angel, she decided to side with humans.

 -Information transmission rate of 98%.

Kariel's body trembled. 2 percent left now. But Ataraxia is waiting.

I could see Shirone's eyes glaring at him. Are humans really able to speak?

It may be a trick. The wine of life must go on. But if the current situation is real... ... .

he will perish

"Ikaeehell!"

At the same time as Kariel let out a rage, Shirone's photon cannon was fired.

=======================================
[220] 7. Heaven (3)





Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

A flash of light emanated from Ataraxia.

Shirone couldn't control the output. As the distance increased, the flash spread and filled the great world war with light.

Baalb struggled on dozens of limbs and crawled on the floor, but was immediately swept away by the light and disappeared.

Objects in the place where the flashes were running were swept away. It was as if the space was being pushed out.

Whoa!

The Great World War located at the end of the ritual.

As the giant dome's barrier exploded, two flashes of unfathomable size split the sky.

"Huh! Huh!"

Shirone got on his knees and gasped for breath. As he looked at the landscape in front of him, his legs gave out.

Half of the great world war was blown away. It was an unbelievable result even after he had done it.

What on earth was Ikael thinking when he carved this into his head?

The only thing left in Syrone's field of vision was Kariel.

The sky was visible behind it, and the ground was dug in a huge Y shape.

The halo spread over Kariel's head was spinning at a tremendous speed.

 -life... ... drinking progress... ... 99... ... cent.

Shirone hurriedly turned around.

Amy was struggling to tear off the panel on her forehead. But no matter how much I scratched her to the point of blood, there was no sign of it coming off.

Just as I was about to fall into despair, I heard a voice again.

 -Cancellation of transmission. life... ... alcohol... ... pause... ... do.

The panel that had been stuck in Amy's forehead slid out and disintegrated into particles smaller than powder.

Shirone let out a sigh of relief and looked back at Kariel.

The archangel's face was grimly contorted. There was a temporal error in the guidance voice, but it was clear that the power was restored the moment Ataraxia was activated.

It was an inevitable choice for Kariel.

Even if the wine of life had progressed, the result would have been the same. It was because Ataraxia's amplifying power was not at a level that could prevent it from being deprived of mental power by the art of life.

Kariel spread her huge golden wings and flew up.

"Do you understand now, foolish human? This is the wine of life. Even I, an archangel, must give up everything and devote myself to creating life!"

Kariel looked down at the devastated Great World War.

At most, it was a magic cast by a child. Even so, it is such a destructive power.

Why should humans be given this power?

Humans cannot control themselves. Any good man will corrupt in the face of the temptation of power.

That boy will try to become a king. He will rule the world with angelic power and indulge in all kinds of pleasures.

'That would be a good thing.'

Wouldn't it be better to return it like this?

If so, the human world would end up destroying itself without the need for a final war.

But I couldn't. Because there's no way Ikael doesn't know what he's thinking.

Then why the hell? Are you really crazy?

How could he think of passing on the angelic law to humans unless he was insane?

'Do you believe that much? that boy?'

What did Ikael see in that human?

Of course, talent was recognized. Because there is no way you can accept the angel's magic without any talent.

But that alone isn't enough of an explanation. It was clear that there was something he didn't know.

If so, you should grab it now. If they missed it, a powerful weapon that would threaten heaven would fall into the hands of humans.

"Stop begging me for mercy."

Kariel declared war, but Shirone and the others, who were trying to escape, couldn't even afford to listen.

Arin brought Canis and Amy protected Peope.

Tess also ran to fetch Lian. But Ymir was still guarding it.

Ymir, who had been staring indifferently into Tess's murderous eyes, turned her attention to Lian, who was kneeling.

The face of Lian, who raised her head to the ceiling, did not belong to a living person.

His right hand was only bone, but he still held a greatsword.

It was the fear of incarnation, in which the mind and body were integrated.

"One win, one draw, one loss. Shall we make it a draw today?"

"... ... ."

"Geuk, it's because you're so weak. Will there be even bones left when fighting the main body?"

Ymir raised his severed right arm. As she shoved it into Lian's mouth, she released a black liquid that flowed down her throat.

"Take it. And cherish it. If he survives, he might be able to save humans. Then it will be a fun war for me too."

Tess hurriedly embraced Lian, who had been thrown by Ymir and slipped on the floor.

The moment I saw the skeletal arm, tears welled up, but I had to go home to receive treatment.

A drone flies in and attaches to Tess' arm as a gauntlet.

She glared at Ymir one last time, then turned and ran towards Arin.

Ymir, who melts from his legs, smiled kindly.

I hoped that Ryan would survive. Humans must become stronger. Enough that he has no choice but to resurrect the king of giants.

It was his destiny to destroy the powerful humans.

'The day will come when we will fight again. Let's go to sleep until then.'

Ymir was released into a dark liquid. There was no longer a 'part' left of Heaven. He will fall into a long sleep waiting for the final war to come one day in the ice that never melted.

 -Shirone, preparations are complete!

Arin's voice entered Shirone's head. I wanted to escape right away, but the time the metagate worked was 30 seconds. The timing to escape was a life-and-death situation.

Shirone knew that it would be impossible for everyone to escape, leaving Kariel back in perfect condition.

The only way was for at least one person to remain and give the friends time to evacuate.

 -scale. Open the metagate now. and get out unconditionally.

 - What are you going to do?

 -I'm going to stop Kariel. If you delay their approach by one second, it's enough to get out.

 - But Shirone! None of us... ... !

 -Please. Help Amy get home safely.

It was about keeping it a secret. If she knew that you were staying with Shiro, Amy would never want to leave this place.

Arin couldn't refuse Shirone's offer. Even through someone's sacrifice, someone has to live.

Just like Canis did, and Lian did, Shirone made a choice to save someone precious to her.

 -Okay, Shirone. Signal me when you're ready.

Shirone prepared her heart.

what will happen to yourself Friends will not come to heaven to rescue someone who is not even aware of life and death.

It would be fine if he died immediately, but he might be captured by Kariel and subjected to all sorts of experiments.

I was afraid.

Everyone leaves and only you are left.

'I'm sorry, Headmaster. The principal was right.'

A bitter smile formed on Shirone's lips. However, she soon glared at Kariel with fierce eyes.

You have to rush. It takes 1 second to open and enter the metagate. I just need to somehow get Kariel's attention for a second.

Had Arin explained the operation to his friends by now? She wouldn't even know in her dreams that she was staying here.

Shirone took a deep breath.

It was a moment of farewell.

 -scale! It's now!

At the same time Arin opened the metagate, Shirone rushed at Kariel.

Amy looked back in amazement.

'why? Shirone?'

It was different from what I heard. Didn't I say that throwing one's body at the same time and leaving the outcome to chance is the most fair?

Amy, who instantly realized the situation from Arin's sad expression, burst into tears and held out her hand.

"no! Shiro... ... !"

Arin hugged Amy by the waist and jumped into the metagate portal. Tess, who caught Kanis and Lian, also threw herself into the portal and closed his eyes tightly.

'Shirone, please... ... I hope to see you again.'

Shirone raised her head and caught the tears in her eyes. It was a mix of joy and sadness.

It was fortunate that Kariel didn't care about her friends' situation. She may have been aiming only for herself from the beginning. If so, she was rather free.

If you can save your friends, they will be captured.

 -Don't do that, Shirone.

I looked around at the sudden mental resonance. Peope, smiling, was flying side by side.

 -Peope, why are you still here?

Feope's thoughts penetrated at a rapid pace.

 - Humans are a strange species. It means choosing your own life. For that reason, he must be willing to accept even death.

 - What are you talking about all of a sudden?

Shirone became a bit uneasy. He had a feeling that something he didn't know was happening.

It was quite possible. Perhaps the reason Arin agreed to the operation is... ... .

'No, it can't be. I can't do that.'

This little fairy helped us. Even if I was left alone in heaven, the reason why I didn't feel like I had fallen to hell was because Peope would still be by my side.

 - Extinction is a scary thing. But I thought while looking at you. A person who would give up his life for the one he loves. To me, that was really cool.

 -Feope, no.

 - Go back to your friends. And... ... .

Tears welled up in Feope's eyes.

 -I love you, Shirone.

Feope cut off her mental communication and rushed towards Kariel.

Shirone stared blankly as she walked away. After a while, against her will, her legs stopped and her body turned to face the meta gate.

"Huh! black!"

Shirone ran towards the metagate. I couldn't see anything because the tears covered my eyes.

The world looked rich as if submerged in water. In front of a miraculous opportunity, he was infinitely weak.

can go back You can go back to the original world and meet everyone again.

'Mom, Dad, I'm going. definitely go back... ... .'

Shirone stood tall. Although different hearts are fighting with the same weight, the thought that came to my mind was one promise I made with Feope.



-If I get caught, will you come to rescue me? So... ... if we are friends

-of course.



"of course... ... Peope."

Shirone cried and clenched her fists. And with the last remaining mental strength, he cast teleportation.

Her words of love echoed around me like hallucinations.

To a one-year-old fairy, love was such a grand concept. It is not the love between a man and a woman, nor the love between friends, nor the love of parents, but the only love.

Feope was a fairy with a pure and pure soul.

Leaving such a friend alone and returning home was a pain that was harder to bear than death.

'Peope! please! Please wait!'



Facing death, Feope was terrified. Is this annihilation? Everything was scary and unfamiliar.

The unknown world was unfolding moment by moment, and accordingly, my mind was going back and forth between poles.

Was it really the right choice? Was the story he told Arin completely sincere?



-I'm Peope. If anyone has to stay, everyone leaves. I'll stop Kariel.

-But... ... what about you

-I can't leave Heaven anyway. Besides, this is what I, the internal affairs officer of the subjects, have to do.



Feope tried to smile.

'It's fine. I am a spiral fairy. No matter how shaken it is, it's going straight ahead.'

Now I can't meet Lee Ki-rin, who acknowledged my true value, but I was satisfied because I realized it at the end of my life.

Anecdote's sake wasn't great. What was truly great was the human sacrifice willingly to accept the booze of anecdotes.

It was fortunate that Shirone was able to live.

"You are a cheeky fairy."

Kariel snorted and held out her hand. With his ability, he would be able to annihilate at least a fairy in an instant.

Perceiving death, Peope's lips went down. In the end, he burst out crying.

But he didn't back down. He held out his hands and fired the spiral power with all his might.

"Peope! stop!"

Hearing Shirone's unexpected voice, Peope turned around. At that moment, Kariel passed by. The angel's slender hand aimed at the nape of Shirone's neck.

'Don't miss it. Only you!'

will study He would dissect Ataraxia's equipment and make it his own, no matter how cruel.

Kaaaaang!

At that moment, the purple longsword was lodged between Kariel's fingers. Suddenly, a black-haired man stood in front of Shirone.

It was Ikael's servant, the triangular Mara Ashur.

"Ashur... ... Are you going to disturb me too?"

"This is a message from Ikael."

There was anger in Kariel's eyes.

A triangular Mara or something like that, taking care of business. Do you still think that Ikael is commanding heaven?

Of course, there was a time when I admired Ikael. But she did something she never should have done.

"Is the shame of heaven sending me a message?"

"You're going to cover up your words."

"It is not wrong. A noble angel who reached the level of the archangel raised the seeds of insignificant humans... ... ."

"Ka-li-el-sama!"

Ashur widened his eyes like a demon.

"I am. number of people. he. They said it was a message from Ikael."

Kariel kept her mouth shut. It was Ikael's message.

"You said that if you harm this boy, I will never be able to treat you with good feelings."

Kariel's nose wrinkled. I couldn't understand her psychology.

Ikael got ugly. he has fallen

But I still thought it was Ikael. It was the last remorse left to the angel he longed for.

But to hit the back like this?

What is the reason that she, who has risen to the head of the angels, devotes herself so much to a mere human?

Kariel had no choice but to build her pride with silence. Then Ashur turned to Shirone and said.

"good. Peope will be safe. I promise you in the name of Ikael."

Shirone, who consumed all her mental power through teleportation, was unable to move. But when Ashur's words flowed in, a faint smile spread.

If it's Ikael, I can trust him. Because he is the one who gave everything to himself.

"Goodbye, Shirone."

Feope, who activated the power of the spiral, sent Shirone flying to the metagate and said. And those were the last words Shirone heard from heaven.





(end of volume 9)

=======================================