
The Circulating World (1) 

Shirone stared at the huge pupil that floated between the gates of the Maika ruins. 

It was hidden by an opaque veil, but it definitely looked like snow, and it looked like a living creature. 

°∞Who are you?°± 

There was no answer, but it occurred to me that I might not be able to communicate. 

As she walked from the gate to the side, to her surprise, her pupils followed Shirone. 

'Looking at me.' 

If it were an existence from the outside world, all the truths that mankind has known so far would be broken. 

°∞You know I'm here. Anything is fine, so show me the proof.°± 

Just because the gate of a super-ancient civilization has been opened does not prove that it is the outside world. 

'You have to listen to it yourself. No, even if it's anything other than sound, something that can serve as evidence.' 

It is meaningless unless something more than a mechanical response emerges from the inside of the gate. 

At that moment, the eyes blinked. 

It may or may not have been a special signal, but Shirone asked with anticipation. 

°∞Is that the outside world? If there's a reason you can't speak, blink your eyelids twice.°± 

There was no reaction. 

No matter how convincing he was, the pupils seemed to be carrying out activities separate from Shirone's existence.

Shirone was angry at the situation where she couldn't move forward with the last truth in front of her. 

"tell me. why do we exist? Where are you from and where are you going 

?°± Looking at his indifferent eyes, I wondered if he hadn't even been interested in it in the first place. 

'I can't give up.' 

Shirone tried every one of the methods that immediately came to her mind. 

The result is a catastrophic failure. 

Shirone, who failed to get any meaningful response, reached mental exhaustion. 

"difficult." 

Perhaps everything Shirone tried was a simple one for the pupil. 

'No matter what the bug does, it just feels like wriggling to the human eye: Shirone 

sat down and looked around the mica ruins, where there were no traces of people. 

'It's a lonely place.' 

The feeling that there was truly nothing seemed to be evidence of God's indifference. 

'There was a god with a heart.' 

Shirone, who was lost in her memories for a moment, asked her eyes with a bitter smile. 

°∞Is the guffin there?°± I just missed it, didn't expect anything. 

°∞McLean Guffin. it's my dad I hope you are doing well. I want to see." 

At that moment, his eyes blinked twice for the first time. 

"yes?"

Shirone jumped up at the epoch-making change that occurred for the first time after coming here. 

°∞Did you just answer? If you know anything... °¶ !°± 

As her pupils disappeared outside the curtain before she could finish her words, Shirone bit her lip. 

'Come back. I mean come back.' 

It may not have been that Shirone's feelings were conveyed, but the pupils reappeared. 

talent°¶ °¶ ! 

When a powerful high frequency sound exploded, Shirone frowned and stepped back while bending his back. 

°∞Keugh!°± 

It seemed to be trying to convey something, but even with the Ultima system, it was impossible to decipher it at all. 

'Let's not understand.' 

Even the tiniest fragment of the signal from the eyes would transcend Nane's sermon. 

Emotions close to interrogative were conveyed, and after a while, the high frequency returned to stability. 

°∞God°Øs party.°± 

Shirone's eyes widened. 

'It makes sense.' 

It's information coming in reverse like Giyorgi did, but it was definitely the protocol of this world. 

°∞°¶ °¶ Prohibited silverfinger inraclemac.°± 

The moment she heard that, a tremendous roar exploded and blew away Shirone's spirit. 

'no! It can't end here... °¶ !' 

I tried to hold on somehow, but the entire ruins of My Car were scattered with dust. 

°∞Kuk!°±

When Shirone returned to reality surrounded by a magnetic field, Poine came running. 

°∞Messiah! Are you all right!°± 

°∞Huh! Huh!°± 

Not even recognizing the fact that it was real, Shirone reviewed the situation from a moment ago. 

°∞I heard you.°± 

"Yes? what is that... °¶ 

Nothing had been sorted out yet, but the shock at the time was vivid in my memory. 

°∞I was trying to convey something to me.°± 

While Poine and Caios did not understand, Kalt's voice was heard. 

°∞°¶ °¶ is it." 

When Shirone raised his head, Kalt leaned back in his chair with an ecstatic expression. 

"What happened?" 

The back of the chair where Kalt was sitting was splattered with brain water and blood. 

Poine said. 

°∞My head exploded. Soon after that, the Messiah appeared again.°± 

When Shirone climbed the stairs and arrived in front of Kalt, her dying gaze moved slowly. 

°∞Those eyes°¶ °¶ Did I talk to you?°± 

There is a question that has plagued him endlessly ever since he gained love through Oparts. 

What is it? 

°∞Kalt.°± 

Shirone felt a sense of kinship. 

Although I don't know his philosophy or thoughts, the emotion felt through the electric field was one.

'Where do we come from?' 

Maybe from the moment I opened the Spirit Zone, I ran only to find the answer? 

'I'm angry.' 

That we don't know who we are in the midst of living day by day, eating, sleeping, and procreating. 

'Humans, mankind... °¶ 

The fact is that I can't stand it. 

°∞I°Øm glad though. so I can check before I die. No, dying isn't even funny." 

The liveliness in Kalt's eyes cooled. 

"I°¶ °¶ Did I really live in this world?°± 

It was a will. 

Shirone buried the fact that he was a pirate for a while and closed Kalt's eyelids. 

'It was a dangerous journey.' 

The fact that Kalt's brain was blown away when he was forcibly cut off from the information of the super ancient civilization... °¶ . 

'What if it was me?' 

It wouldn't have been easy, but it was something you couldn't guarantee against the outside world. 

'I have to find it myself.' 

There was a need for a way to access safely without being dominated by Oparts. 

"Bro bro." 

Jakra, who was released from confinement, approached Kalt with an expression of disbelief. 

°∞Are you really dead?°± 

Returning to the back of his chair, he raised his hands after confirming that his head had been blown off.

°∞Hahahaha! Brother is dead! It's over now! From today, I am the King of Dionas!°± 

Other pirates also joined. 

"Damn it! I thought I was dying of frustration! You talk nonsense every day!°± 

Kaios, who was watching the scene, asked. 

°∞What should I do?°± 

°∞Once everything is arrested°¶ °¶ Take care of the rest 

.°± 

After hearing Shirone's words, Zachra pressed her temples hard, revealing her murderous intentions. 

"haha! It's already too late! my ability... °¶ yes?" 

Other pirates repeated the same thing as Jakra, but the space jump didn't work. 

°∞The only Oparts was Kalt. As long as his awareness is gone, you guys are just normal humans.°± 

While the pirates stiffened with blank expressions, Shirone said to Cairns. 

°∞Let the refugees in. I will take full responsibility for other diplomatic procedures. And Mr. Rangi... °¶ 

Sensitive Cairns bowed her head. 

°∞Nothing will happen. If she wishes, she will be repatriated right away to her country of origin.°± 

Is the range a problem? 

It was a great opportunity for Arachne if she could exercise all of Dionas' authority. 

°ÆOf course, in the temple, it will be a debt°¶ °¶ 

After all, that's what politics is.

After passing the pirates, Shirone got angry, and Poine quickly followed. 

°∞Messiah, what shall we do?°± 

"First°¶ °¶ How about taking a little break?°± 

They were the ones who did not have a comfortable day while protecting 20,000 refugees. 

°∞Good judgment. But, what°Øs next?°± 

°∞You have to do what you can.°± 

The discovery of evidence from the outside world does not change today's affairs. 

°∞I°Ød be lying if I said I wasn°Øt disturbed. But one day we too will find the ultimate answer. And°¶ °¶ 

Shirone looked back at Poine. 

°∞In order for that day to come, shouldn°Øt we live first? Every day, do your best.°± 

You can live like that again. 

"okay." 

Realizing that the heart of philanthropy was still in the world, Poine smiled in relief. 

moon face. 

Nane looked down at the human planet. 

'Looking down?' The direction would be meaningless on the moon floating in space, but it was actually like that. 

°∞What is important?°± 

If you look at it from the moon, even the tragedy on that blue planet seems like someone else's business... °¶ . 

°∞Why should I suffer?°± My heart hurt even more. 

°∞Buddha.°±

Shura saw the sword of the sermon, tightly packed in a radius of 100 meters, shake. 

°∞It°Øs getting dangerous.°± Since it is a sermon that provides an environment for living things to live in space, it would be disastrous if it was destroyed. 

The scream broke through the intangible barrier. 

°∞Kiaaa! Kiaaa!°± 

The cosmic creature 'Destura', made up of a mental body, was attracted to Nane's thoughts. 

°∞Kurrrr! wealth°¶ °¶ wife!" 

A sickle-like hand pierced the barrier, and golden electricity spread like a crack. 

°∞Is the universe rejecting me?°± 

Being materialized through the thoughts of others, Stura was the main culprit in preventing humanity from escaping the planet. 

Watching the monster gradually infiltrate the barrier, Shura swallowed. 

'When a certain thought recognizes the universe, they come without a doubt. A truly terrible race.' 

According to her investigation, she crashed after being captured and torn to shreds by Destura, the dragon Joe who attempted to escape the planet 600 years ago. 

°∞Kuaaa! Aagh!°± 

Air escaped through the cracks as the gigantic monster shoved its upper body into the barrier. 

°∞I will stop you.°± 

Just when Shura crossed her hands and was about to demonstrate her Gestalt ability, Nane said. 

°∞A guest is coming.°± Shura looked back at her planet, maintaining her posture.

"??????what?" 

Something red-hot was coming towards the moon, like when a meteorite breaks through the atmosphere. 

'Even just escaping the planet's gravity would be difficult.' 

Shura, who watched a little more, sighed after realizing the identity of the one engulfed in flames. 

°∞Ha, all of a sudden... 

Son Yu-jeong, the incarnation of a stone monkey, was coming, stretching her clothing indefinitely. 

Landing on the gravitational pull of her moon, 

she shortened her female staff and spat out ferociously. 

°∞Finally found. be sick.°± 

Understanding from the shape of her mouth, Nane smiled. 

°∞If you're the granddaughter of the Thunderbolt, it wouldn't be strange to climb the moon... °¶ 

While aiming for her Buddha, the Sturas changed her aim and began to approach her. 

°∞Do you know where this is?°± 

Burning like her molten iron, she inspected her monster, and she drew out another woman's robe. 

The other day, Lian had split it in two, but it was like two because the length could be adjusted. 

Nana smiled. 

°∞This Gonryu?°± 

Son Yu-jeong, with clubs hanging down in both hands, muttered as she tilted her head crookedly. 

°∞Something like beggars°¶ °¶ 

The moment the 8-meter-tall Destura raises his arms from the surface of the lunar surface. 

°∞Kiyiyi!°±

A hand oil well emanating a golden glow from its eyes protruded, revealing the monkey's fangs. 

In the near-vacuum silence, the two female doctors started beating Destura frantically 

. 

The Circulating World (2) 

Destura let out a scream. 

u | It must be a voice organ 

to threaten living things, but it was useless in space. 

'What are all these things?' 

Destura, combined with Nane's thoughts, has the shape of an upside-down human when viewed from above. 

It felt as if the joints of the whole body were bent in reverse, and it was a terrifying form just to capture it in the eyes. 

'Surprisingly strong?' 

However, in Son Yu-jeong's field of vision looking up from below, there was only a terrible monster resembling a bug. 

'then°¶ °¶ 

Son Yoo-jung, who heated her body, flew through outer space spraying flames like a jet. 

Nane's eyes sparkled. 

'It's dark.' 

It was a new feeling to see the stone monkey's skills that once disturbed the heavens. 

Destura's flesh burst every time she swung her sword, but the sound was muted, so there was no sense of reality. 

Finally, when Destura disappeared as a thought body, Son Yu-jeong stretched out two bags of women's clothing. 

°∞Whoa!°±

Smoke billowed endlessly from her mouth, as if burning firewood. 

Through the clouds blocking Nane's view, her Son Yu-jeong walked slowly. 

As soon as the sermon broke through the barrier, the body that had been heated like molten iron quickly cooled. 

you said 

°∞Thank you for solving the trouble. But, what is a monkey who can't stand boredom going to do on a silent moon?°± 

Son Yoo-jung aimed at her woman. 

°∞You know everything, right? I am different from my grandfather. I will live my life doing what I want to do.°± 

Shura made a hand sign. 

°∞Son Yu-jeong, withdraw your hostility. No matter how immature you are, dissolute behavior in front of Buddha is unacceptable.°± 

°∞Shura.°± 

Son Yoo-jeong frowned. 

"So do you. Mortasinger was captured. Are you going to just watch as a member of the same denomination°Ø?°± 

°∞The Ten Commandments°¶ °¶ 

Longing for a moment passed in Shura°Øs eyes 

. °∞It was disintegrated. After Veron left, there is no leader who will lead us.°± 

°∞The one who killed that Amita was the Buddha. But you're saying you'll be by his side?°± 

Shura shut her mouth. 

' Baron... °¶ 

She asked her to visit her Shirone. 

'I can't do that yet.'

The reason why I couldn't follow the will is because I still don't know 'how to live'. 
' What is the meaning of living 

in a world full of lies and emptiness ?' 
Until she realized the secrets of this world, she would not leave her Buddha's side. 
"huh! What does the Thunderbark know? You are just annoyed that your friend was arrested!°± 
It was true. 
°∞Yeah, that has nothing to do with me. But the Buddha has business. So Shura.°± 
Son Yu-jeong's eyes shone golden. 
°∞When it dries, it beats off.°± Hwaan Geumjeong. 
Shura's Gestalt was useless if it were an eye that could see the truth of all things. 
'Yes, it would be nice to meet your great-grandfather.' 
In the first place, hanging out with Mortasinger is far from realization. 
Even so, since he had all the good things in the world, Shura felt sick to his stomach. 
you asked 
°∞So, what do you want from me?°± 
°∞You know how to get to hell, right? let me go I will get my friend back.°± 
°∞Hell°¶ °¶ 
I know, of course, but it took time to teach Bakji's enlightenment to the monkey. 
°∞Going is not a problem. It depends on what kind of hell you want to go to.°±


















"What are you talking about?" 

Son Yu-jeong hated what she could only know by thinking. 

She said, °∞When you take on karma that you cannot handle in real life, hell will call you. So decide.°± 

On the left and right of Nane, a sword spewing frost and a sword burning in flames were born. 

°∞Eight cold hell or eight heat hell? Poison death hell would be good, bankruptcy hell would be good too. If that's not the case... °¶ Behind Nane, numerous swords spread out like fans, emitting five colors. 

°∞You may tell me where you want.°± the moon shook 

An incarnation so gigantic that it will affect the human planet, but it is impossible to even think of it. 

°∞Tathagata.°± 

The afterimage of Buddha rising from beyond the lunar horizon seemed to be at the end of the universe. 

A mischievous look appeared on Son Yu-jeong's face as she pursed her lips and watched her with a blank expression. 

"ha ha ha! So you're going to drop me into hell. Alright, I'll accept the match!°± 

Shura's eyes widened. 

'That crazy monkey.' 

It must have been an innate mental illness to fight even after seeing the pan-cosmic stage. 

'But the Tathagata.' 

Son Yoo-jung's force, which brought out Nane's sincerity, was clearly not at a level that could be ignored. 

°∞Big!°± 

Son Yu-jeong, who lowered her posture and twisted her waist, heated up her inorganic body.

"come." 

The moment the corners of Nane's mouth lifted, her jets of fire exploded in her eyes. 

°∞Kiaaaaa!°± 

The elongated Yeouibong drew a trail of fire, and a sermon rushed in from the end of the universe. 

behind the world. 

After escaping from the Valley of Wailing, Etella and Chagall roamed Hell to find their village. 

'It's too wide.' 

In reality, if you walked more than 700 km, it was normal if something came out. 

°∞Kuk!°± 

A branch brushed Ethella's arm as she walked, lost in her thoughts. 

Everything in the forest was made of iron, so it was as good as being cut by a blade. 

°∞You°Øre annoying me.°± 

Chagall, feeling the same pain through her chains, came her stride to Ethella. 

°∞Are you not in your right mind? If you're going to die, you'll die alone. Don't let me get involved.°± Chagall's nerves were also extremely sensitive. 

"sorry. But even after walking for days, you can't see anything like a village. I have to think.°± 

"why me? You're the only one trembling here. I'm just watching. The way you suffer from not being able to achieve what you want.°± 

°∞Do it in moderation! You fought enough to fight! How long are you going to bite me!°± 

"forever."

Chagall gave a fishy smile. 

°∞You think I hate you? You're welcome. Compared to reality, this is paradise. at least you are real So keep crying. Please please me more.°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ You are trash.°± 

Ethella despaired. 

°∞Trash without any sympathy. I should have ignored you from the start. Even if it°Øs not me, there are plenty of people who will take care of the garbage!°± 

Chagall, who raised her eyes in anger, pulled Ethella away and kissed her forcibly. 

"don't do it!" 

Losing her temper, Ethella pushed her Chagall away and landed a powerful blow to her jaw. 

The chains rattled, and the two men who received the same shock fell simultaneously. 

°∞Aww°¶ °¶ 

Chagall, who was rightly hit by the yin-yang wave sphere, turned over his body with difficulty and shook his shoulders. 

°∞Kick Kick! Kick kick kick kick!°± 

There was only laughter. 

°∞E-hehehe]! driving me crazy! Oh, how crazy I am!°± 

On the other hand, Ethella trembled in misery and held back the tears that flowed. 

'Why me... °¶ 

than up. 

Even knowing that, I hated the reality of being with this man. 

'Let's wait. I'll overcome it.' 

Thinking of Jin Seong-eum's pain, what had happened to him also comforted him a little.

Ethella stood up and said. 

°∞Both of us are too sensitive. take a little break You don't want to be hurt by demons either.°± 

She superhumanly controlled her mind and said the words, but Chagall was insane. 

°∞Kick-kick-kick! Aaah, people are going crazy! Ha ha ha ha!°± 

Etella, who had been watching with an angry expression, turned her back coldly, lying on her floor. 

'I shouldn't be with the other person.' 

how much time has passed 

'yes?' 

Realizing that she was sleeping, Ethella hurriedly raised her body. 

' what?' 

Realizing that the scenery was completely different from the place where she slept, she looked around her. 

It was a place with soft soil, and even a small Ongdalsaem could be seen 10 meters ahead. 

'Water, water.' 

I wouldn't die if I didn't drink, but the pain of dehydration was no different from reality. 

As I crawled there, Chagall, sitting near the water's edge, held a handful of soil to his nose. 

°∞°¶ °¶ did you bring me?°± Chagall was silent for a long time, and opened his mouth only after shaking off the dirt from his hands. 

°∞I only moved because I smelled the water. My throat was burning and I was on the verge of going crazy.°± 

She was so dehydrated that even her memory was hazy.

'How is there water in hell?' The thought lasted for a moment, and Ethella plunged her lips into the water as if possessed by something of hers. 

Gulp. 

The sound of her passing down her neck was so refreshing that even those who heard it would faint. 

"Sigh! Sigh!" 

When her mind came back clear, she finally had time to think about the next thing. 

°∞Where is this?°± 

°∞I don°Øt know. Do you know that you've been wandering in the Iron Forest? It must be because there is a disorienting magnetic field.°± 

°∞No, why now°¶ °¶ 

Realizing that there was no point in arguing, Ethella swallowed her words and sighed. 

°∞Keep talking.°± 

Chagall stood up. 

°∞If you are here, you can get some information. There is water, and it smells like a corpse. Perhaps this is an artificial place created using corpses. Otherwise there wouldn't be such a cozy place in hell." 

There was a point in what he said. 

'But who? At that moment, when the bushes swayed, Ethella stopped thinking and quickly turned his head. 

A human voice was heard. 

°∞What, who is it?°± Plants that do not exist in reality, a group of groups appeared from a thicket that looked like animal remains. 

All of them had a stern impression, and their prayers were unique, befitting the name Hell.

The one-eyed man widened his one eye. 

"Woman? It is a woman.°± 

It was also an innocent atmosphere that did not match the dark hell where fallen souls gather. 

°∞What are you guys?°± 

Chagall asked while sitting, but the seven assailants did not even pretend to hear. 

°∞These have chains. These are the guys who got caught up. Let's see, what kind of bullshit 

... °¶ 

The man whose tongue had been cut vertically lifted the chain and looked back and forth between Chagall and Etella. 

°∞Oh, isn°Øt it a chain of fate?°± 

A riot broke out. 

°∞It's exciting. Hey, what are you guys up to? What did you do? is it cheating? Or close relatives?°± 

Chagall stood up. 

°∞I don°Øt know what they are doing, but get out of here. I will take over this place from now on.°± 

°∞Aigoo, is that so? These vulgar perverts. do you know who we are A serial killer who once ruled the world, man. They are really scary.°± The man approaching from behind without even a sign 

put her hatchet on the scruff of Chagall's neck. 

°∞Don't move. If you drop your head, you will be ignorant of the rest of your life in hell.°± 

With the two besieging Chagall, the remnant approached Ethella. 

°∞Are you beautiful? I must have been bewitched by a man before I was alive. He is too good to be used for food.°±

Etella backed away, but the chains attached to Chagall prevented her from gaining distance. 

"stop." 

Chagall said. 

°∞The moment you touch her, you die.°± 

I got goosebumps even when he said it, but Etela's pain was her own. 

°∞Puhahaha! Are you affectionate? Even if you fall into hell, love will protect you, right?°± 

The man holding Chagall from behind threatened him by tapping his neck with an axe. 

°∞Don°Øt get me wrong, man. you are the worst So it fell here.°± 

'Tak-tak, tak-tak.' 

Chagall, who memorized the rhythm of hitting his neck with his body, created a dagger in his right hand. 

'A quick-fire sword.' 

As I pierced Oneku's neck at great speed, I heard a pick and the sound of wind cutting. 

"......uh?" 

Only after blood spurted from the stuck blade did the killers understand the situation. 

°∞You son of a bitch!°± 

Chagall, who bent his upper body at the same speed as the axe, held out his left hand while twisting his body. 

°∞Kuk!°± 

At the same time as grabbing the man°Øs neck, the rapid-fire sword in his right hand reciprocated quickly. 

Pupper pupper puck! 

It looked like a vibration, and blood and intestines poured out at the same time from the abdomen where 17 blades were stuck. 

°∞Turn it off°¶ °¶ 

°∞What, a serial killer?°±

As the man rolled his eyes and collapsed, Chagall turned around with a new dagger in his hand. 

°∞Then, who wants to die?°± The forest was silent. 

The Circulating World (3) 

The remaining five instinctively realized Chagall's speedy killing technique. 

°∞Get ready.°± 

Scattered around Etella, each of them took out their own weapons and revealed their will to live. 

°∞They are like us.°± 

"the same style?" 

Chagall's eyebrows twitched. 

I don't think I'm more noble than them, but there was a law that there was a class in killing skills. 

°∞I don't mix anywhere. Leave the goosebumps aside and only attack the dead.°± 

°∞At one time we thought so too.°± A pot-bellied man with no pigtails approached, wrapping steel wire around his palm several times. 

°∞I don°Øt know what era you°Øre from, but this is hell. A society where guys like us are law-abiding citizens. If you hold on with a small amount of pride, you will be baptized by fierce victors.°± 

°∞Black sorghum?°± 

The pot-bellied laughed. 

°∞You don°Øt know anything either. I'll slowly teach you the horrors of hell. Have you ever heard of Edron the Strangler?°± Chagall's expression was indifferent, but Ethella looked back at the man with a surprised expression. 

°ÆStrangler Edron. A murderer who brutally strangled 109 humans 180 years ago.' 

Edron pulled the steel wire tight.

°∞It doesn't matter. If you can choke a living thing. Of course, humans are the most fun. That expression with a long tongue sticking out and eyes rolling around. The action of struggling to live is driving me crazy.°± 

According to Ethella's recollections, he 

was imprisoned and committed suicide by hanging on his 44th day. 

°∞Human Slicer Aberio.°± 

The serious bucktoothed man said while moving a large cutter like a pair of scissors. 

°∞I killed 287 people. Deconstruction is a hobby. Dismantling a human into 3,287 parts in the smallest unit of engineering and biological function is the best record in life. Might break the record today. For your information°¶ °¶ 

The corners of his mouth went up wickedly. 

°∞You don°Øt die easily in Hell.°± The two killers whom Chagall stabbed with the rapid-fire sword were still wriggling 

°∞°¶ °¶ I'm sure you need some information.°± I didn't want to help Etella, but I felt bad about being victimized by something I didn't know. 

°∞Give me a chance. Raise your hand if you want to live Just one person, I'll leave one person who can give me information.°± 

°∞Hehe, I knew that.°± 

A weasel-like man drew his chain scythe and curled up like his rat. 

°∞I don°Øt know where he used to eat, but the treatment of his seniors is fucking shit. Know as misfortune. I'll cut off his limbs and put him in a box. He will never be able to meet the Black Seung.°± 

°∞Senior.°±

A haze shimmered around Chagall, and countless daggers fell like hailstones. 

°∞Come on.°± The killers were wary of unknown phenomena, but retreat from hell was an eternal fall. 

°∞It°Øs joint work.°± 

The moment he finished speaking, the five killers kicked off the ground and charged Chagall. 

The air trembled and dozens of rapid-fire swords moved as if they had life. 

Before Ethella could even come forward, two killers fell with blades stuck in their bodies. 

°∞Aww! Blood, blood!°± 

When all the blood in his body was pumped out, Chagall's face was covered in blood again. 

°∞I got it! Now!°± 

The dull Edron quickly rolled on the ground and hooked a steel wire around Chagall's ankle. 

Chagall didn't even look up. 

°∞Old fashioned.°± 

As he waved his wrist while holding the dagger, the shell of the rapid-fire sword pierced Edron's back. 

"100 million! 100 million! 100 million! 100 million!" Amidst the blood gushing out like a fountain, Averio rushed forward with his cutter wide open. 

°∞I°Øll cut you off from there!°± 

The cutter that had approached the groin was gripped by the grip of the lever and closed with a clunk. 

Aberio's eyes flashed with doubt. 

'What makes it so hard?' 

Chagall, who lowered his stance, was holding the fast-killing sword horizontally between the cutters.

"huh! Let's see!°± 

Just as he was about to crush the iron, Chagall twisted his wrist 90 degrees and raised his dagger. 

°∞Aww! My, my face!°± 

The blade went through his chin, and Chagall hacked him to pieces with a deft hand. 

Averio, with blades embedded in all vital points, trembled without even falling down. 

"uh? uh? Aaaaaa!°± 

Suddenly, his eyes widened and blood poured out in all directions like a balloon burst. 

"senior? It's just out of style.°± 

As Chagall turned his bloodstained body around, the man with the scythe turned pale. 

'It's a monster. What the hell is that?' 

A murderer who terrorized a city would have his own skills. 

'That guy's not on that level. A nationwide or kingdom-wide wanted man. perhaps°¶ °¶ 

He may have been pursued all over the world. 

'I don't understand. Isn't that kind of karma not another karma, but a chain of fate?' 

Shouldn't it be Blade Hell or Cauldron Hell for a murderer of that level? 

'Is that how important that woman is?' 

As Chagall tried to approach, the man with the chain scythe pointed his weapon at Etella. 

"stop! If it comes, it will kill the woman.°± Chagall stopped, but showed no concern for Ethella.

°∞Kill. If you can.°± 

°∞I am not kidding! I will kill you for real! If this woman dies, you won't be safe either!°± 

°∞So kill me. Because I don't care.°± 

"this°¶ °¶ !°± 

As the man with the chain scythe quickly turned around, Etella threw her body away. 

°∞Cheer up!°± 

As the yin and yang wadong kwon's repeated hits beat the man's belly like a drum, blood poured from her mouth. 

°∞Turn it off!°± 

Chagall put his foot on the back of the man who was suffering from clutching his stomach. 

°∞Now tell me everything you know. If you don°Øt want to end up like those seniors.°± 

"cadet°¶ °¶ aww... °¶ 

The man only nodded his head in succession. 

°∞Hmm, it°Øs a brutal victory.°± 

Chagall and Ethella, who had obtained a lot of information from the man with the scythe, had serious expressions on their faces. 

°∞To sum it up, this is it.°± 

Ethella said. 

°∞There is an organization called the Hwa Resources Management Corporation that manages hell. Humans who fall here are purified by hell fire, and are reborn as new demons.°± 

Chagall said he needed the information he needed. 

°∞A purified demon can be killed. But, like these guys, those who have not yet entered hell fire, that is, fugitives, are not killed even if they are killed.°± Avery wriggling with a cracked jaw

Looking at Oh, it seemed that Jeong-hwa would have been better. 

"Yes. And the existence that catches and purifies the fugitive is the black monk (black chain). Wouldn°Øt it be something like the grim reaper?°± 

Chagall asked the man. 

°∞Hey, you. Have you ever actually seen the Black Seung?°± 

The man, who had more scars than before, opened his mouth with a frightened expression. 

"Ah yes. I've never been victimized, but I've seen fugitives get caught. They're awesome guys. It is full of black and shady energy. We must move fast too. Black Victory might come.°± 

°∞What do you look like?°± 

"That's why it's dark and shady... °¶ 

As Chagall silently raised the rapid-fire sword, the man wept as if he felt unfair. 

°∞Really. I don't even dare to go near it, so how do you know what it looks like? Once the black monk appears, they turn around and run. Please trust me.°± 

"great. By the way°¶ °¶ 

More important matters than the Black Victory remained. 

°∞I mean the fireworker. Didn't you say that the Karma Management Department was keeping an eye on us?°± 

°∞I heard that.°± 

°∞And if we ask how much time we have left to do our karma, they will respond?°±

"Yes. I saw that myself. Oh no, should I say I heard it? Anyway, let me tell you in advance, it's better not to listen. What a great time. The one I saw was 1,200 years old. He was half insane, killing and running around, I don't know what happened to him now. Well, it probably hasn't been cleaned up yet. They say people with leftover karma can neither die nor live like us.°± 

Chagall turned to Etella. 

°∞Why don't you try it? How much time do we have left to be together?°± 

A pitiful man digs a well, so Ethella raised her head to the sky. 

'please?????? 

I hope it's time a person can handle. 

°∞Are you still watching? How long before our karma is finished?°± 

°∞The time left until purification°¶ °¶ A businesslike voice came from the sky. 





°∞87 years, circa 2,875 3,241 trillion 644.2 billion 8.9 million 7,109 hours left.°± While no one could speak, the man with the scythe muttered with a dazed expression. 


°∞What, what? What time is it?°± 

It was a desperate time to the point of tears even though it wasn't the karma he was carrying. 

Ethella dropped her to her knees. 

"Nonsense. How can this time come? What the hell did I do?°± 

the informator said.

°∞For reference, the purification time of the two of you has been confirmed to be the seventh longest in the history of the Underworld.°± 

Number one was Lucifer. 

°∞Thank you for your strong feelings, and I will use the karma you sent me for good. It was Riona, the informator of the Hwa Resources Management Corporation who always strives.°± 

Chagall shrugged her shoulders. 

°∞Hey, that°Øs funny. Hey, take it easy and sleep. Aren°Øt you supposed to live with me for an eternity?°± 

While Ethella was stunned, the man with the scythe looked back at the two and asked. 

"You°¶ °¶ What the hell have you done'?°± 

Tormia Royal Castle. 

Shirone, acting as the headquarters for the simultaneous events, covered his book and rubbed the bridge of his nose. 

'It's the outside world.' 

It was a particularly shocking event among many things happening all over the world. 

'Oparts exist in the form of matter. However, when 'used', even humans become objects. It's not meant for people to use from the start.' 

I could feel the high dimension of the outside world through my skin. 

'The problem is Ymir's spirit. still not connecting I don't know what's going on.' 

It was clear that the object <Butterfly of the Firstborn> combined Shirone's information with signals from the outside world. 

'In other words, the realm has changed. If that's the difference between Gyorgi's Taegeuk and Maika Ruins... °¶

There was a high probability that Shirone, who was fighting in Ymir's mind, had all the answers. 

Then a knock was heard. 

°∞Shirone.°± 

When I opened the door at the welcome voice, there was Zulu, whose complexion hadn't returned yet. 

°∞Mr. Zulu, is it okay if I move?°± Mortally wounded by Ymir's blow, she only regained her consciousness three days ago. 

°∞It is getting better quickly. Although the battle is still too much. Rather, I want to hear the circumstances.°± 

°∞Yes, come in.°± 

Shirone, who handed over a cup of hot tea, sat down with Zulu and told them what had happened. 

After calmly listening to her many incidents, she raised her head at the word her oparts. 

°∞A super ancient civilization. Does that mean it might have something to do with the outside world?°± 

"Yes. Not sure. The Mika ruins are completely scattered, and at least I realized something, because the quantum signals have changed and do not overlap.°± 

°∞Hmm.°± 

Zulu said after drinking the tea. 

°∞Shirone, would you like to go somewhere with me?°± 

"Yes? Oh, of course it's possible for simultaneous events, but... °¶ Your body hasn°Øt even recovered yet.°± 

°∞Middle East, let°Øs go to Paras.°± 

°∞Paras? Oh, are you going back to your hometown?°± 

Zulu, who put down the teacup, conveyed the exact meaning in Middle Eastern, as always.

°∞There is a super ancient civilization there.°± 

Circulating World (4) 

Fire Resources Management Corporation. 

°ÏO °Ì 

Lethe, sitting at the desk in the president's office, looked at the wall and made a meaningless noise. 

'Why are you so anxious?' 

The amount of fire* was stable and the tributary circulation was running smoothly. 

°∞Monoras.°± The source of all anxiety was that the lowest demon in the underworld was invisible. 

°∞No, since when did you leave for Laviette? Didn't this get leaked somewhere else?" 

Hitting her desk, she stood up and shook her head. 

°∞No, it won°Øt be.°± 

It must have been 100 million times that she had been stabbed in the back by Monolas, but she believed. 

°∞Could it be, even in such an unprecedented situation? Anyway, I'm the manager. Yeah, it can't be.°± 

A living being named Lian is wandering around the underworld with the karma chain severed. 

'All beings in the universe carry their own karma. I can't get past that.' 

Hence the system error. 

And the demons who could solve this level of problems were counted on one hand even in the underworld. 

"it's annoying. I still have a lot of work to do.°± 

Lethe, who was not comfortable with her, left her boss's office and went to the Karma Management Department.

On both sides of the hallway, numerous informants were observing the living body through their visions. 

"Sigh! Sigh!" 

Among them, there was an informator who was busy touching his body while groaning excitedly. 

°∞Leona.°± 

The woman in charge of Etella and Chagall heard Lete's voice and hurriedly turned her head. 

°∞Ah, boss.°± 

Lethe touched her shoulder. 

°∞You are working hard. Are these guys like that? They say you°Øve risen the ranks this time.°± 

Leona roared with excitement. 

°∞Yes, it°Øs 7th all time. Purification time 87 years. How great is the combination of good and evil? Just imagining it makes my body so hot I can't stand it.°± 

Lette was equally dizzy. 

°∞Taegeuk is the signal that gave birth to the universe. The cycle of yin and yang contains powerful power. It brings together two opposite concepts.°± 

Leona looked back at Lethe. 

°∞Then, the first universe was also born through circulation. What kind of concept cycle is it?°± 

"maybe°¶ °¶ Electricity.°± 

The fact that only the manager guesses is 

°∞energy generated by the circulation of positive and negative poles. Therefore, all concepts born from that energy principle are inevitably divided into two, and that is the universe we are in.°± 

Lethe raised her index finger.

°∞Reality and the world behind it. The reason why two completely different worlds can coexist is because it was designed according to the principle of Taegeuk. But when applied to humans, not the world, it is very dangerous.°± 

°∞Why?°± 

°∞It has the property of going back against all definitions in the universe. What would happen if all the concepts of good and evil, black and white, material and immaterial, up and down were integrated?°± 

first one. 

°∞The only concept that can escape the universe is born. That's what we call First One. It's no wonder that those two carried a lot of karma.°± 

Leona looked back at the screen and gulped her saliva. 

°∞°¶ °¶ It°Øs a great relationship.°± 

"Ho Ho! This is just the beginning. Those who carry karma can never be comfortable, so it's better to watch.°± 

Humans can't understand it, but the combination of good and evil aroused a strange romance to the demons. 

'I hope it goes well.' 

Although she doesn't know what the result will 

be. 

"by the way." 

Lethe asked, licking her lips. 

°∞Have you not contacted that pig? Didn't any informants say they saw where it was?°± 

"Yes. The chief secretary is also an administrator, so there is a limit to tracking through the karma screen. anyway°¶ °¶ There is no report that it was found near Laviette.°± 

Lethe grabbed her head.

°∞Haha, where the hell are you doing? will you do well? That's right. I'm sure you'll do well. I sincerely asked for it, so I'll be sure to take care of it this time. right?" 

Leona pursed her lips. 

'I don't think so.' 

Perhaps, in the other world, the person who didn't know Monoras the most was Lethe. 

The river of immorality, its 78th tributary. 

The village built along the winding river of fire is a marquis of the underworld. 

Marquis is Pikaras. 

As the manager of tributary streams that averaged 3.5 million purification hours per day, he was now serving Monoras. 

"now! Our chief secretary, who is doing great things for hell. Please take a glass of this too.°± The marquis with the face of a poisonous snake tipped a wine bottle at the soybean pig. 

°∞Good, good! Queuck!°± 

If it was the Marquis of Picaras, it was still less than half the distance to the place of business trip. 

The Marquis gave instructions. 

°∞Come on, you guys! What are you doing without moving fast? To meet such a wonderful and handsome person.°± 

As the 20 succubuses worked, saliva flowed from Monoras' mouth. 

°∞Kwuq! Kww!°± 

As the heat matured, the Marquis, who had been paying attention, secretly handed out the documents. 

°∞Hey, Chief Secretary. this°¶ °¶ 

"yes? what?"

I saw the title 'Report on Expansion and Development of Branch 78', but I couldn't see the contents. 

°∞In the meantime, the number of demons in the marquisate has increased considerably. By the way, if the number of demons increased, wouldn't it mean that the number of mouths also increased?°± 

°∞Oh, yes. right." 

Monolas just wanted to focus on his senses. 

°∞So, I tried to come up with an alternative, but if our chief secretary, who is a real person in the chemical industry, would give me a single autograph... °¶ 

°∞o uh 9°± 

As soon as the sensitive reaction came out, Pikaras looked back and clapped. 

A servant with sheep's horns bowed his head and entered, handing over a small box. 

°∞This is what I mean, as you can see°¶ °¶ 

When the box was opened, a key the size of a person's palm glowed golden. 

°∞With a key made of pure flame, n 

Monoras slammed the table, and the succubi scattered. 

°∞Pikaras Hujaak!°± Hearing the strained voice in his throat, Fikaras quickly lowered his head. 

"Yes Yes!" 

°∞Are you insulting me now! I look like someone who will handle public affairs with just this!°± 

The Marquis, who understood perfectly, shouted in a hurry, half standing up. 

°∞Go ahead and bring it!°±

This time, the door slammed open with a powerful bang, and the rambunctious demons brought a huge treasure chest. 

Koo kung! thud! thud! 

There were a total of four, and Pikaras approached with quick steps and inserted the golden key. 

When the lid was flipped, there was a pile of blinding riches inside. 

Pikaras, who turned around hesitantly, pointed to the treasure chests and continued. 

°∞The person who holds this key is qualified to become the owner of this treasure.°± Monoras, who had been staring at the box, suddenly shook his head and laughed. 

°∞Chuck! Kww! Kww!°± 

"haha! Ha ha ha ha ha!" 

Pikaras laughed along, and the succubuses clapped their hands and flew back. 

°∞The barrel is big! Also the barrel is big! There's a reason I'm acknowledging you!" °∞Is it possible? This is all thanks to Monoras-sama taking good care of public affairs.°± 

Returning to the drinking party, Pikaras handed out the papers. 

°∞Kwuq! I'm always good Let's see, what were we talking about earlier? What about tributaries?°± 

°∞Ah, not even to the level of concern. In fact, it's true, should the one who controls the fires of all hell even worry about these terminal tributaries? Then you won't go back to hell. There are demons who draw the big picture.°± 

°∞That's what I mean! What you know, only the boss, no Lethe, doesn't know. So, am I not frustrated?°±

°∞It°Øs frustrating.°± 

Fikaras snapped his fingers. 

°∞Kiya, now that I see it, our Chief Secretary, there must have been a reason for your dark complexion. At times like this, the subordinates must properly serve them. I will take care of you first!°± 

°∞Cheolkeol, well, you°Øre good at it.°± 

Pikaras quietly handed over the pen, and Monoras bloodily signed the approval column. 

"bravo! You're angry too!°± 

Pikaras waved his hand as the succubuses laughed and clapped. 

°∞What are you doing outside? Bring it quickly!°± 

Carts full of liquor and food endlessly came in, filled the tables, and left. 

°∞You should have a drink. Succubuses who couldn°Øt even enter the castle are lined up right now.°± 

°∞Chuck! Do you?°± 

While an hour had passed since then, the Marquis had passed as many as seven documents for approval. 

"Well, this time it's a dispute with the Marquis of Maidrun over the control of Fire Dam." 

"Hey! Now let's play!°± 

Picharas frantically nodded and leaned over to Monoras. 

°∞This is the end. really! last! vow!" 

Thus, the dispute over the 78th tributary, which emerged as a hot topic in the chemical industry, came to an end. 

"cadet." 

Lethe murmured, rubbing her left shoulder.

°∞Why does my shoulder hurt so much these days?°± Leona turned her head. 

°∞Aren°Øt you overdoing it? The psychic realm was closed and you couldn't sleep, so you only worked. Shall I give you a massage?" 

°∞Still fine. If only more damn things don't happen here. Anyway, the Grand Duke should come soon.°± 

Looking at Lethe's tired face, Leona put on a bitter expression. 

'He's a really competent person.' 

Had it not been for her, Hell would have been in great chaos after her psychic realm was closed. 

°∞If the Grand Duke comes, can we fix it?°± 

°∞I don°Øt know. Still, I'm number one in hell when it comes to dealing with hidden codes. That said, I'll have to take a look. Who is the informator in charge of Lian?°± 

°∞It must be Vivian.°± 

"yes?°¶ °± 

Lethe patted her on the shoulder and headed for Vivian's seat. 

°∞Chains of Gehenna. what are you doing?" 

°∞I am moving forward without stopping. Looking at the direction, I think the chemical project is the destination.°± 

I let out a sigh. 

°∞Where is it?°± 

°∞I think I will pass the Wailing Wall soon. But boss, once you pass the wailing wall... °¶ 

Vivian raised the height of the screen. 

°∞Sooner or later, Laviette. The city of magic engineering. Isn°Øt that where the chief secretary went on a business trip?°± 

"yes'?"

Lethe's eyes widened. 

"uh! right! If you just fix Lian's error there, it's over, right? Monoras can do it!°± 

While she clapped like a girl, Vivian looked at the high-altitude screen again. 

'It has arrived.' 

A black wall stretching thousands of kilometers awaited Shirone and Lian. 

Woo woo woo woo! 

Even before I arrived, I heard a terrible cry that made me want to cover my ears. 

'This is the Wailing Wall.' 

I couldn't see the end of the wall no matter where I looked up, down, left, or right, and it was probably the same thickness. 

Lian stopped walking. 

°∞That°Øs amazing.°± 

Compared to the size of the wall, their presence was smaller than dust. 

°∞It hurts°¶ °¶ . get me out of here... °¶ How many? 

What made up the walls were all human bodies without a single exception. 

"It is horrible." 

Even the pus had rotted and turned black like oil, and the surface was grotesque with protruding faces and limbs. 

"I'm hungry°¶ °¶ . Throat, thirsty... °¶ Even though no one had the energy to make a loud noise, there were so many of them that it was noisy. 

°∞To go to the chemical company, you have to pass through this gateway.°± 

When compared to the whole, a gap smaller than a crack vertically bisected the wall. 

"great. Let's go, Shirone.°±

I don't know when Gehenna's chain will be activated, but Lian's compass always went straight. 

Heuksoong ©Á 

The gap that divides the Wailing Wall was so narrow that it could not be seen from a distance, but when I approached it, it was quite wide at 20 meters wide. 

"Sigh. Sigh." 

People who just breathe. 

°∞Here, hey. the water. Could you give me some water?°± 

People seeking help. 

Lian didn't react to anything and just moved on in silence. 

And when he could no longer see the way in or out, he spoke for the first time. 

°∞Shirone, what are these?°± 

Or should I call it 'this'? 

°∞Those who are not purified.°± 

Shirone saw countless hands and feet wriggling protruding from the Wailing Wall. 

°∞The Wailing Wall is not only here. This is spread all over the world. Realistically, would it be a warehouse necessary for civil engineering?°± 

"warehouse? Are you saying that humans are the material?°± °∞There is a being called Black Seung. No, actually it's more like a system. As an active form of attack by the purification system, it serves to capture creatures that have fallen here.°± 

°∞You mean they piled humans here? why? According to you, you have to purify it, right?°±

°∞Because hell is the other side of reality. It's just that the properties are opposite, but it's the same that you need a lot to live. In reality, there are organic and inorganic substances. Organic matter is used for food, and inorganic matter is the material of many structures.°± 

Lian understood. 

°∞Hell is the other way around.°± 

"yes. The food of the demons is demons born from the fires of hell, that is, refined demons. Actually, when you hear it like this, it sounds like you're eating your own people, but not all demons are the same. Humans also eat chicken or pigs in the category of living things. Rice and wheat, of course.°± 

Shirone pointed to the wall. 

°∞On the contrary, unpurified demons play the role of minerals in hell. In other words, it is the same as human emotions. However, when minerals are needed, they are often used in large quantities, so a special warehouse was needed... °¶ 

°∞That became the Wailing Wall.°± 

"yes. At this scale, it will be mobilized for the dam construction of the River of Fire and urban expansion construction. It is said that there is a separate subcontractor that processes and transports the Wailing Wall... °¶ 

Shirone shook her head. 

'This should be enough to explain the structure. It's too harsh for Lian.' 

The Wailing Wall is just a system for Shirone, who embraces reality and the other side at the same time, but Lian was different.

°∞What you need to be more careful about is the black monk. I'll bring back the fugitives I've caught from all over Hell, and I'm sure they'll be here too. Of course, it's so huge that there's little chance of bumping into it." 

Realistically speaking, the probability of meeting a manager in a large distribution warehouse was about the same. 

Lian said with his eyes tightened. 

°∞No need to worry. If it's a black beast or whatever, it's enough to cut it down if it appears.°± 

It wasn't going to be easy. 

'The Black Seung's chain is the hidden code with the strongest binding power in the underworld. Even if you break the chains of Gehenna... °¶ 

While he was lost in thought, an old woman's voice was heard from the wall on the left as Lian was walking. 

°∞Please save me.°± 

It was Lian who did not look away as much as possible, but his earnest voice could not be overcome. 

When he turned his head, he saw an old man crying, his face and arms protruding like sheep. 

°∞It hurts so much. get me out of here I beg you like this. please°¶ °¶ 

°∞Shirone.°± 

Shirone answered before she could hear Lian's words. 

°∞Impossible.°± 

°∞Is there absolutely no way? For example, if you cleanse the wall with Gehenna's chains... °¶ 

Shirone shook his head. 

°∞Lian, listen carefully. The people here are not real people. It's their 

feelings.°±

"I know. But you're looking for help. Can anything be more important than that?°± 

Lian was such a person. 

°∞Of course it is.°± 

That's why, although he is a respected friend, Shirone knew exactly about human emotions. 

°∞It is different from when I purified the fire of hell. Because it is the crystal of pure magic. It burns you along the chains of Gehenna, and you can overcome it. However, these are turbid demons that have not yet been purified. If you put the chains of Gehenna here... °¶ Shirone said with an embarrassed expression. 

°∞All their feelings will be delivered to you. You may lose yourself.°± 

It's the nature of doing so, but perhaps Lian would have broken his stubbornness at this point. 

"??????yes." 

This is because he would not want to do anything that put Shirone in danger. 

'I'm sorry, Lian.' 

Shirone, who had no choice but to do this despite knowing that fact, felt frustrated. 

"please°¶ °¶ save me Have mercy on me.°± 

Shirone, who had been keeping his eyes on the old woman's desperate look for a moment, turned his head. 

°∞Let°Øs go. If you want to get out of the Wailing Wall within today, you have to walk nonstop.°± 

When Lian, who had taken her eyes off the wall, was about to follow Shirone, a violent wind blew. 

A muffled voice was heard mixed with the wind.

- Foolish sinners. 

I looked at the sky and saw something that looked like a dark cloud passing fast. 

"It's a black victory." 

As soon as the words were finished, Shirone and Lian hid themselves with their backs against the wall. 

'It's a fairly large number.' 

Despite looking through a 20-meter-wide gap, the sky was covered with black clouds. 

Lian asked. 

°∞Avoiding unnecessary risks is in favor, but are they really that powerful?°± 

In case of an emergency, it was better to know the enemy's strength in order to deal with a monster. 

°∞It's a system problem. 

Because their chains exert tremendous restraining power on unpurified demons.°± 

°∞Huh°± 

As Lian frowned, a bony arm came over from behind and wrapped around his neck. 

"here°¶ °¶ 

It was the old woman who asked Lian for help a little while ago. 

"we are here! The fugitives are here!°± 

The sound I heard right next to me hurt my ears, but the first emotion that came to me was questionable. 

'Why'?' 

As if laughing at Lian's heart, the numerous faces embedded in the walls began to scream. 

°∞Two guys are hiding! hurry! hurry!" As the voice continued to come through, I climbed the wall and finally reached the sky.

Then, a black cloud came in through the gap and fell on Shirone and Lian at terrifying speed. 

°∞Let°Øs avoid it, Lian!°± 

Lian tore off the old woman's arm and threw it away. 

"here! here!" 

Numerous fingers on the wall waved at them and screams flew. 

°∞Go this way! Grab it fast!°± Lian, who caught up with Shirone, asked. 

°∞Why are you accusing us? Will you be freed from the Wailing Wall if you give credit to the monster?°± 

°∞No, they are treated like minerals in Hell. Liberation is absolutely impossible.°± 

°∞Then what is the reason?°± 

Why did they accuse Black Seung? 

In Shirone's mind, there was only one. 

°∞Because they want us to be unhappy.°± 

"what?" 

°∞Nothing helps them. They just don't like that we're better off. That's why I'm trying to use energy and attract it. To make them suffer the same misfortune.°± 

Those who had a hard time even opening their eyes a moment ago were screaming loudly. 

"here! Here!°± 

Listening to their voices, Lian calmly quelled the fire in his chest. 

'I don't think.' 

they are only them 

'Protect Shirone. All you have to do is fix it in your head and move on.'

The Black Victory was coming. 

A rag-like cloth fluttered, and a white face passed through the darkness. 

'Skull? No, more than that, the cloak they put on is the problem. I can't read the movement.' 

material that does not exist in the world. 

It was a physical change as if the three states of gas, liquid and solid were mixed at the same time. 

-You foolish sinner. 

°∞Lian! Now!°± 

The black monks who blocked the front and back of the street pulled out the black chains from their cloaks. 

At the same time, Shirone and Lian flew upward, and Lian climbed up while stepping on the wall. 

Aaaaaang! 

Looking down, black chains were embedded in the walls in an intricate pattern like a spider's web. 

- Those who are not purified will be tried. 

The eyes of the people forming the wall widened as something sloshed along the chain and was sucked in. 

°∞Oh! Kkeuk... °¶ 

After a while. 

°∞Aaaaaaaaa!°± 

As the entire wall vibrated, a tremendous demonic energy was sucked into the body of the black monk. 

- Catch the guilty! 

Lian's face crumpled as she ran vertically at the roar coming from below. 

°∞Big!°± 

The Wailing Wall was really tall, running at near-flying speed, with no end in sight.

- Yahweh! How can you disturb hell! 

Meanwhile, Shirone, who fled to the opposite wall, flew up avoiding the beast's chains. 

Shirone, who reached the top of the wall faster than Lian, landed on the swampy bottom. 

People were half-buried, and little humans continued to fall like dots from the black clouds in the sky. 

With a strong wind, the 24 black monks who had followed Shirone floated into the air. 

'The Light of Agape!' 

As Shirone opened his eyes, an orb of brilliant light floated above his head and exploded. 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

When the light disappeared again, a huge, shallow groove was dug around Shirone. 

'As expected.' The human walls were crushed as if they were melted by the heat, but their power was less than that of the demons. 

Because it's not pure magic. 

'And Black Seung... °¶ 

The ability of the hidden code was clearly wrapped around the black chain, and it was holding on intact. 

°∞Yahweh.°± 

After uttering a voice, the black monk withdrew his chain and spread the liquid-like cloak widely. 

The figure of a skeleton holding a scythe was revealed. 

°∞Where are you wandering in this world where everyone rejects you?°± 

°∞I came to meet the manager of this world. If you let it go easily, I won°Øt be complicated.°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ The reason is?"

°∞To get rid of the demon realm of reality. A lot of people are dying because of the code you created.°± 

Hokseung lowered his head. 

°∞The words are always plausible. But, Yahweh, do you know? Human death is... °¶ 

Numerous wild beasts that arrived after them spread out at the same time and attacked Shirone. 

- That this is our life. 

The movements of the black monk, hidden behind a black cloak, were completely out of line with the law. 

'chaos.' 

can't count 

Looking at the fluttering of the cloak, it seemed that the space was shimmering along with the black monk. 

- I will purify it. 

The moment the black chains were fired with a slippery sound, Shirone's body twisted. 

- what? 

Hundreds of chains passed by without hitting any one of them. 

'Quantum motion.' 

The algorithm used by the world's strongest wizard was bizarre enough to resemble a hidden code. 

- Don't be careless. He is Yahweh 

As the black monks circled around them, they began to wrap Shirone in black chains. 

At the same time, the monsters who put chains on the rooftop also activated the purification code. 

-Ooh oh oh! 

It was an intention to neutralize Shirone's agape by combining human emotions. 

-come! come!

The Hand of God was seen in the eyes of the black monk who raised his head, trembling at the love of Yahweh. 

The moment the huge sphere of light vibrated, Shirone's voice was heard from inside the chain. 

°∞Photon Cannon.°± 

A vertical flash of light landed on the jade to the right of the Wailing Wall. 

°∞Uh uh uh! Aaaaaaa!°± 

As the outer wall inflated like a balloon, the people making up the wall made a look of astonishment. 

"no! not°¶ °¶ !°± 

And finally, at the same time as the explosion, light leaked out from over 3,000 holes. 





Heukseung (2) 


Boyd, the deputy manager of the chemical company. 

Arriving at the Karma Management Department after being called, he bowed his head at Lethe's instructions. 

"Yes. Yes." 

Unlike Monolas, Boyd was sure to get things done, and he didn't even have a need for money. 

°∞When you arrive in Laviette, meet the chief of staff. It seems to be a little late because something happened... °¶ . Anyway, then go to the Archduke and tell him what I said.°± 

"All right." 

In my nature, I wanted to hand over the entire volume to Boyd. 

'Ugh, that ugly pig.' 

But she was the one who couldn't help but weaken her heart when she thought of the shame that Monoras would receive. 

°∞Then proceed like that. The chief secretary assists well. I want to make sure there is no misunderstanding.°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ Yes."

The future was bleak at the thought of working with Monolas, but would Lethe be the only one? 

'I will help, boss.' 

To Boyd, Lethe was the most reasonable person in Hell and the mother of all demons. 

'Only Monoras doesn't know.' 

As Boyd left with cold eyes, Lete let out a sigh and ran a hand through her hair. 

°∞Whoa, then I°Øll close my eyes for a while°¶ °¶ 

"president!" 

Vivian shouted. 

°∞Classification number 4984! An Incident at the Wailing Wall! This is where Lian is!°± 

Lethe, sleep-deprived, twisted her body. 

"What?" 

The scene of the Wailing Wall being blown up was reflected on the screen without Vivian needing to explain. 

"Yahweh." 

∫ÿ±´µ«¡ˆ¥¬ æ æ“¿∏≥™ ºˆ√µ ∞≥¿« ±∏ ∏€¿Ã ∂’∏∞ ªÛ≈¬∑Œ ¿Œ∞£µÈ¿Ã ΩÒæ∆¡ˆ ∞Ì ¿÷æ˙¥Ÿ.

°∞¿˙ ¿⁄Ωƒ¿Ã πÃ√∆≥™! ∞• ∞≈∏È ∞ˆ∞‘ ∞°¡ˆ ø÷ √¢∞Ì¥¬ ∫Œºˆ∞Ì ¡ˆ∂ˆ¿Ãæﬂ! ¥Î√º º’Ω«æ◊¿Ã æÛ∏∂æﬂ?°±

°∞»§Ω¬«œ∞Ì √Êµπ«— ∞Õ ∞∞æ∆ø‰. º’Ω« æ◊µµ ≈©¡ˆ∏∏ ±◊∫∏¥Ÿ¥¬ Ω√Ω∫≈€ ø¿∑˘ ∞°°¶°¶

∫Ò∫Òæ»¿Ã ∏Ææ»¿ª ∞°∏Æƒ◊¥Ÿ.

°∞¿Ã∞≈, æÓ∂±«œ¡“?°± »≠∏È¿ª ∂’æÓ¡ˆ∞‘ ¡ˆƒ—∫∏¥¬ ∑π≈◊¿« æÛ±ºø°º≠ ¡°¬˜ «Õ±‚∞° ªÁ∂Û¡Æ ∞¨¥Ÿ.

°∞¡∂±›∏∏ ¥ı!°±

¡¬√¯¿« ∫Æ¿ª ºˆ¡˜¿∏∑Œ ø¿∏£¥¯ ∏Ææ» ¿Ã ∏∂ƒß≥ª ≥°¿ª πﬂ∞ﬂ«œ∞Ì µµæ‡«ﬂ¥Ÿ.

ƒ‚æ∆æ∆æ∆æ”!

∞≠∑¬«— ∆¯πﬂ¿Ωø° ∏ˆ¿ª ∆≤¿⁄ ƒ°¡Ó√≥ ∑≥ ±∏∏€¿Ã ≥™ ¿÷¥¬ ≈Î∞Ó¿« ∫Æ¿Ã ∫∏ ø¥¥Ÿ.

°∞∏Ææ»£°°±

Ω√∑Œ≥◊∞° º“∏Æ√∆¥Ÿ.

°∞≥°ø°º≠ ∫∏¿⁄!°±

»≠¿⁄ø¯∞¸∏Æ∞¯ªÁ∑Œ ∞°±‚ ¿ß«ÿº≠¥¬ ≈Î∞Ó¿« ∫Æ¿ª ≥—¥¬ ∞‘ ¿Ø¿œ«— ±Ê¿Ãæ˙ ¥Ÿ.

±§¿Õ¿ª ∆Óƒ£ Ω√∑Œ≥◊∞° »ÊΩ¬¿ª «««ÿ ¡˙¡÷«œ¿⁄ ∏Ææ»µµ ¿¸πÊ¿ª ªÏ∆Ò¥Ÿ.

Ω√∑Œ≥◊∞° ªÛ¥Î«— ∞Õ∫∏¥Ÿ »Œæ¿ ¥ı ∏π¿∫ »ÊΩ¬µÈ¿Ã Ω√æﬂ∏¶ ∞°∑Œ∏∑∞Ì ¿÷ æ˙¥Ÿ.

°∞∞‘«Ó≥™?°±

¡§»≠ ¥ÎªÛ¿Ãæ˙¥Ÿ.

°∞ø≠»≠¿« ∞Ì≈Îø° æÙ∏≈¿Œ ¡∏¿Áø©, ≥  ¥¬ ∫ªµ ¿⁄¿Ø∏¶ ¥©∑¡º≠¥¬ æ» µ«¥¬ ¡∏¿Á. æÓ∂≤ ±≥∏∏«— º˙ºˆ∑Œ ªÁΩΩ¿ª ≤˜∞Ì µπæ∆¥Ÿ¥œ¥¬ ∞Õ¿Œ∞°?°±

∏Ææ»¿∫ ¥Î¡˜µµ∏¶ ∞‹¥©æ˙¥Ÿ.

°∞≥ª∞° ±◊∑∏∞‘ «œ±‚∑Œ ∞·¡§«ﬂ±‚ ∂ß πÆ¿Ã¥Ÿ.°±

æ˜¿Ã∂ı ø¯¿Œø° ¥Î«— ∞·∞˙∂Ûº≠, æÓ ∂≤ πÊπ˝¿∏∑Œµµ πŸ≤‹ ºˆ∞° æ¯¥¬ ƒ⁄µÂ ø¥¥Ÿ.

°Æ∞°¥…«— ¿œ¿Œ∞°?°Ø

»ÊΩ¬¿« ¿‘¿Âø°º≠¥¬ ¡◊¿∫ ¿⁄∞° ¥ŸΩ√ ªÏæ∆≥™¥¬ ∞Õ∞˙ ∞∞¿∫ ∞≠µµ¿« √Ê∞›.

°∞°¶ °¶ Purify it.°± 

Black monks rushed in like smoke. 

?Punish the guilty! 

The black cloak swayed like a liquid, then swelled up like smoke and engulfed the space. 

A black chain was fired at Lian, and the scythe hidden in the cloak flashed in an instant. 

°∞Yaaaa!°± 

As Lian's great sword fired a single sword, the darkness in front of him split open. 

- Big! how°¶ °¶ 

When the unpredictable movement was blocked with a single knife, the vigilance of the Black Seung unit soared.

"be careful. It is the ultimate blow.°± 

Like a zeta function. 

Just as it is impossible to find a pattern of a few in the infinity of numbers, Lian's rhythm has not yet been defined. 

'It's definitely a rhythm that doesn't exist in hell. It's such a mess that even God frowns.' 

Indefinite beats contain all the herbivores that swordsmanship can create in a single straight line. 

'If I approach it clumsily, I'll be cut right away.' 

It was a technique of time, not space, so it was the result of effort, not talent. 

°∞Yaaaa!°± 

Nothing stood in the way of Lian, who swung his sword in all directions and advanced. 

A human hand came up from the floor while the monsters watched with difficulty. 

"do not go." 

The arm around his ankle had been ripped off, but now you and yours all had a hold on Lian. 

°∞Now! Get it done quickly!°± Because he wants to be unhappy, Lian kicked the ground, remembering Shirone's words. 

"Move!" 

His hands swayed like reeds as he stood up along Lian's run. 

Eventually, some humans broke off the wall and climbed on Lian's body. 

The human with only the upper body rattling down his spine shouted. 

"do not go! You can't go!°± 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°±

Just as Lian was about to run away, he felt a hot flame welling up in his chest. 

°∞If only°¶ °¶ Keugh!°± The moment the chains of Gehenna protruded from the pit of the stomach and pierced the Wailing Wall in all directions. 

Ooh oh oh oh! 

A scream that seemed to explode her brain was heard. 

°∞Big!°± 

As the scream separated into individual emotions, it began to penetrate Lian's mind. 

- Why are only you free? We're suffering, so why are we happy? 

So 

you 



say, °∞Shut up!°± 

-Let's die together. let's suffer together 
I can't stand it if 

you're free 
The chains of Gehenna were pulled. 
°∞Shut up!°± 
Hundreds of humans were dragged out in chunks along the chain, like sweet potato stalks. 
- You are the same. you also°¶ °¶ you're like us 
Their voices penetrated deep into the heart and awakened Lian's hidden nature. 
°∞Huh!°± 
Hearing this, veins rose up in Lian's neck and blood flowed from his eyes. 
'Ogent Ly?' 
When the second brother succeeded in swordsmanship, all the acquaintances of the swordsmanship family spoke up. 
°∞Compared to him, Lian°¶ °¶ I have no talent.














°∞No, they said it wasn°Øt like that. It seems that he has no understanding of swordsmanship at all.°± 

On the way home after completing swordsmanship training, Lian heard their whispers. 

°∞It must be difficult to be the head of household because there is such a difference. Why, in that case, my brother is out of the way. If you don°Øt want to grab your ankle later, you°Ød better give up now.°± 

Hallucinations were heard. 

-I hate Rai. I would have wanted to kill Why can't I have the talent he was given? 

°∞A rai is just a rai.°± 
3,000 humans were dragged behind Lian, who was running while cutting down the black beast, the 

person Lian really wanted to kill . 
°∞Yaaaaa!°± 
The number increased endlessly as someone else grabbed the human who held the chain. 
Weight of more than 6 tons to experience. 
'I won't give up!' Unable to shake off those clinging to him, what he could do was extremely simple. 
'in action. two legs... °¶ 
It was all that any human being could do. 
'There is such a thing as a genius in the world.' 
When he was defeated by Shirone in a sword fight at the Ogent family's training ground, Lian realized. 
'I'll never be like this.' 
A feeling that cannot but be acknowledged. 
'any°¶ °¶ It's bittersweet.'













Lian had to make a choice in the midst of a sense of defeat that Rai did not feel. 

'Let's do what I can.' something anyone can do. 

Hallucinations were heard. 

-He must be jealous of Shirone. You just want to be by her side because you look so radiant with Shiro. 

"no." 

-Actually, you want to kill me. If someone gives you the power to kill Shirone, you will receive it. Because he is jealous of Shirone. 

°∞Shirone is just a Shirone.°± 

Who Lian really wants to kill do not go! do not go!" While Lian ran 14 kilometers, a huge human mass was dragged behind him. 

°∞Let°Øs die together! Let's die together!" 

Estimated mass 94 tons. 

°∞Talk about it! I never stop!°± 

Who Lian really wants to kill is 

'myself.' 

The Ogentrian of the future who has overcome all the pain, all the training, and all the despair. 

"catch! catch! Never let them run away! Everyone stand up! I mean catch it!°± 

Estimated mass 187 tons. 

°∞Kiaaa! Get buried here! You live as a wall just like us!°± 

Lian moved his legs endlessly.

'Yeah, get in the way! Beat it all you want! No matter how much I trample on you, even if you go through a death or death ceremony!' 

Future Lian, who was waiting in the distance, aimed a straight sword at the present Lian. 

°∞I don°Øt stop aaaaa!°± 

Estimated mass 302 tons. 

Even so, the black monks continued to retreat as their speed did not drop. 

- Let's attack. I can do it now. 

Black monks rushing from all sides were swept away by Lian's sword, which was filled with negativity. 

°∞Come on! Do anything!°± When the acceleration decreases, it is over. 

Feeling the load on the chains growing exponentially, Lian gritted his teeth. 

" I?????? 

getting stronger every day 

"I." 

You fail until you can't fail anymore. 

'Everyone repeats what they can do, and fills the day with it.' 

And compressing each day into 1 second again... °¶ . 

"I!" 

Huge Time Leap! 

°∞Yaaaaa!°± 

The chains of Gehenna heated up red, and the bodies of the people who clung to them caught fire. 

°∞Kiaaa! no! no!" 

Those who never wanted to let Lian go embraced the chains all over their bodies.

"it hurts! It hurts!°± The temperature of the flame was too hot for them to carry what Lian was carrying. 

'come!' 

The future Lian nodded approvingly and charged at him. 

Lian held up the great sword. 

°∞It kills you.°± 

Because that place is mine now. 

-Harm! 

Watching the humans clinging to the chains turn to ashes, the monsters scattered in all directions. 

°∞Divine transcendence.°± 

The two Lian, who finally met at one point, swung their big swords at each other. 

....... 

The future Lian was cut, and everything in front of it was divided up and down. 

- Kieh! this, this... °¶ ! 

At the place where the black monks dispersed and disappeared like smoke, the end of the Wailing Wall was visible. 

'Arrived.' 

The moment I spurred the rooftop with all my strength, I heard Shirone's voice from the left. 

°∞Lian!°± 

He didn't say anything, but the expression on his face as he waved at Lian was really bright. 

°∞Shirone.°± 

It is my sun that can never be reached. 

'still.' 

Smiling at Shirone, Lian turned her head and looked at the clear horizon. 

'They are running side by side.'

The half-collapsed Wailing Wall and the burning Wailing Wall were seeing them off. 

The Karma Management Department was enveloped in silence. 

Lethe, who had been watching the screen with a bewildered face, hovered aimlessly. 

"ah?????? 

Her mind finally returned, but Chimi wasn't happy with her headache at all. 

°∞Damage, how much is the damage?°± When I asked, rubbing the back of her neck, Vivian turned her head away with a slightly frightened expression. 

°∞It°Øs about 83 billion deaths.°± 

"Ohh." 

Lethe nodded coolly, but once her head moved, there was no sign of stopping. 

°∞83 billion. Let's see if it's 83 billion deaths... °¶ Two dukedoms flew away, right?°± 

°∞Yes, what.°± 

Lethe's foot thumped and hit the ground. 

°∞These beggars are real! I'm about to die because the company's situation is really bad. can't do it! I'll go myself! Call the deputy chief again!°± 

said Vivian hastily. 

°∞You have to start with repairing the damage. In the current situation, if Lethe-nim is absent, the company will be paralyzed.°± Lethe, breathless, lost her thoughts and cried out with tears in her eyes. 

°∞Is there really a God?°± 





Black Seung (3) 


Emotional Case, No. 4-312.

A vicious monster lives in the underground mountains surrounding the Tormia capital. 

°∞Haha! Haha!°± 

A monster named Human. 

"it hurts. It hurts, I'm going crazy.°± 

The murderer, Richera, was a heinous criminal who kidnapped and killed a total of 23 women over four years. 

But he, who put so many people in pain, could not bear his own suffering. 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

The moment his foot caught on the stone, the shock of his toe bone was crushed. 

"it hurts! damn it!°± 

When emotional illness reaches the middle stage, pain is 200 times higher than normal. 

Giving up what you love might put off the pain for a while... °¶ . 

°∞Huh! Whoops!°± 

All that was left of him in his weeping was his own body. 

'I'm hungry.' 

Even though I felt 200 times the hunger, I couldn't go down to the city where martial law was declared. 

Climbing the Eonggeum Eonggeum Mountain, he put his body into the cave, his hiding place. 

"Help me. please°¶ °¶ 

The last victim, designated as emergency food, was shivering while being tied to a rope. 

"shut up." 

A blunt blade that cut off his knuckles ended the hostage's life. 

The pleasure of killing has long been forgotten.

°∞Let°Øs eat, something to eat????? 

The moment when the flesh of the body flowing with hot blood is cut and delivered to the hungry stomach. 

°∞Kuaaa!°± 

My throat felt hot like it was on fire. 

The memory of abandoning the early days of emotional illness by giving up human flesh flashed through his mind. 

'No, no!' 

Feeling pain was still proof of love for human flesh, and in that case, the threshold of emotional disease soared sharply. 

°∞Aww! it hurts! Please stop!" 

His screams reverberated through the cave, and the echo pierced his eardrums like an awl. 

°∞Hee! Hee!°± 

In pain beyond his endurance, he clutched his sword and fell to his knees. 

'rather°¶ °¶ 

Hot tears flowed down his throat as the tip of the blade trembled. 

"no. I don't want to die.°± 

Just because you are indifferent to the lives of others does not mean that your own life is insignificant. 

°∞Huh! Whoops! Bastards! I will kill them all!°± 

Richera lowered his knife and placed it on her knuckles, cutting it like a guillotine. 

....... 

I raised my head in pain that didn't even scream, and then a scream erupted. 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

Still, the emotional illness does not go away.

Severe enough to be irreversible with just one finger. 

°∞Porridge, I don°Øt want to die!°± 

One finger, then another, and that's how Richera repeated the harsh self-injury. 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

Three days later, the World Health Organization, with the assistance of the Tormia patrol, handed over the body. 

At the time, when Seriel confirmed it, Richera's corpse was said to be terrifying to see with his eyes open. 

A scream came out of Son Yoo-jeong's mouth as she was thrown off the moon and crashed onto the planet. 

°∞Kuaaa!°± 

Son Yoo-jung's angry face was so wild that it reminded her of a monkey rather than a human. 

Looking down from the moon, Nane smiled. 

°∞Get enlightenment and come.°± 

As Son Yu-jeong entered the atmosphere, a fire burned like a match. 

Her clothes started to burn. 

°∞Kill it! If you save my friend, I will definitely come back and kill you!°± 

In the first place, the purpose was to go to her hell, but her head was turned round due to her battle with the Buddha. 

Nane wiped the blood from her mouth. 

°∞You still can°Øt come to your senses.°± 

Then, shaking her head and turning around, her Son Yu-jeong's eyes lit up. 

"you°¶ °¶ 

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

At that moment, the landscape of the world changed, and the blue sky overlapped with clouds of flame. 

"hell." 

The sword of the sermon stuck in her pith shattered like glass, filling her neck with a golden belt. 

°∞Big!°± 

The appearance of the hand oil well falling several kilometers intact looked like a meteorite falling from a distance. 

Aaaaaaaang! 

Residents who heard the roar could see flames flashing on the horizon. 

°∞Aww.°± 

Yu-jeong, a hand lying sprawled in the center of the crater, could not lift a finger. 

'Buddha. You bastard.' 

It was a gigantic shock wave that even the incarnation of the stone monkey, which was said to have the strongest durability, could not handle. 

'I want to fight again.' 

While I was thinking about that, a human poked out from above the crater. 

°∞People, people.°± 

It was the demon of Richera who died in reality. 

When Son Yu-jeong raised her head, a group of people appeared behind Richera. 

Someone whistled. 

°∞What is it, fashion?°± 

A single golden ring was hung around her slender neck on her naked body. 

'Long orphan.' 

A single piece of her hair could make clothes, but she had no shame in her raw instincts anyway.

It was just that the familiar metal feeling that was weakly pressing down on my neck was annoying. 

'This dog-like Buddha bastard! Why are you fucking with me again! What the hell did I do 

!' - Get enlightenment and come. 

The largest man in the group showed up and kicked Richera in the butt. 

"What are you doing? Get down quickly.°± 

°∞Hey!°± 

The spectators rolling down the slope burst into laughter. 

"ha ha ha! Dumb guy.°± 

Face down on the floor, Richera clenched his fists and swallowed the powder. 

'Let's wait.' 

Even Richera, who was called a monster in reality, was only a meek sheep among monsters worse than him. 

'If you get caught wrong by them, you will suffer terrible things. Even dying is impossible.' 

Richera saw. 

He is a vicious criminal who has been crawling on the floor for 300 years with his limbs cut off for no reason. 

°∞Hey, pretty girl. Can we help you?°± 

As soon as he could finish his words, Son Yu-jung lifted his feet and tumbled to land. 

"what? Do you guys like me?°± There was no sense of human dignity in his sitting position with his clothes hanging down. 

°∞Everyone is ugly. I'm in a bad mood right now, so let's just fight. If you win, I'll do anything." 

A moment of silence passed.

°∞Hey, you°Øre a fun woman. Then where... °¶ 

Before he could finish his words, Son Yu-jeong's thighs split and swelled with the texture of the muscles. 

°∞What, what?°± 

Before she had time to react, her body shot like an arrow and shattered the man's head. 

°∞One at a time.°± 

Shirone pointed forward. 

°∞That°Øs Laviette.°± 

A vast city far outstripped the other structures on the horizon caught their eye. 

°∞The city of magic engineering. It's huge.°± 

"Uh. Hell society can be roughly divided into two. military and domestic affairs. Most of the demons who invaded the human world were soldiers. Of course, the Supreme Commander is Satan.°± 

°∞Then, is my affair different?°± 

°∞No, Satan's power is absolute. However, from a practical point of view, there is nothing to do. The territories of the Underworld are ruled by the nobles of the Internal Government.°± Shirone opened his palm. 

°∞They govern a wide territory in order of baron, viscount, count, marquis, and duke, and among them, the dukes who cover cities at the capital level are called grand dukes.°± 

°∞Then what about Laviette?°± 

°∞It's a grand duchy ruled by a demon called Magritte. As far as I know, when it comes to magic engineering, it is said to be the best in the world. It is said that there is no secret in the world that he does not know.°± 

Lian felt uncomfortable. 

"It's nothing special for you to praise the demons."

It was a fact, not a compliment, but Lian's words made sense. 

°∞It must have a different feel from the army of hell. They invaded us anyway. However, the residents here live their own lives in this hellish society, just because the system is different.°± 

Shirone continued. 

°∞Of course, that is never a good thing. Because demons are demons. But since Archduke Magritte understands Hell best, he should be able to get information about the Chains of Gehenna.°± 

°∞It°Øs okay if it°Øs because of me. It's my karma, so if I can handle it, it's enough. By the way°¶ °¶ 

Lian looked up at the sky. 

°∞It will get dark soon.°± 

Just as water evaporates and becomes a cloud in reality, the sky here is also the ascension of fire from hell. 

However, when night fell, the flames dissipated, and what came next was a terrifying cold wave. 

°∞It would be nice to rest in the city for a day or so. If you overdo it, it will affect your mental strength.°± 

Shirone was worried. 

Lian asked again as the two speeded up to Raviette. 

°∞By the way, what is magic engineering? I haven't seen anything particularly mechanical in the way I 

've come this far.°±

°∞As you can see from the Wailing Wall, the logic of the world behind it is different from reality. The difference between the card game and the chess game is because the systems are different. In conclusion, there is engineering here too. but°¶ °¶ 

Shirone hesitated for a moment. 

°∞You won't like it. maybe." 

When he arrived at the gates of Laviette, Jarian was able to understand Shirone's words. 

"This?" 

A wall similar to the one seen in the Wailing Wall surrounded the city. 

°∞Guardian, a human has arrived.°± 

However, it was much more standardized, and the patterns with human faces were also consistent as if they were taken by a machine. 

Lian was dizzy when he saw the arched glottis resembling a specific human body organ. 

'It's terrible.' 

On the left and right of the gate, two withered legs were decorated in a bent state. 

'Still, it's over 10 meters. Are you really human?' 

I could see two arms wrapped around the arch of the gate, and in the center of the arch was the face of an old woman with her eyes closed. 

'Overall, it's the form of an old man squatting with his head clutched. But°¶ °¶ 

The sense of location, as if it had been severed and placed far away, was extremely unpleasant. 

"Yahweh." 

The gatekeepers, who realized the unique temperament of the demons, lowered their voices as they pointed their spears.

°∞Where do you dare to come to find this place? very off Right now, before you hit the sashimi.°± 

°∞We are on our way to the chemical industry. Also, Magritte, the owner of this place, 

has business to do.°± 

"haha." 

I was dumbfounded and laughed. 

"So what? Did anyone even ask? I don°Øt understand, but for whatever reason, you can°Øt go in.°± 

°∞I can go in.°± 

The gatekeepers' shoulders twitched. 

°∞Hell has no enemies, isn°Øt that the doctrine of Satan? I want you to let me go quietly before I forcefully pierce it.°± 

°∞Sniff!°± 

No matter what, when it collided with Yahweh, it was Laviette City who suffered losses. 

'It is my role to reduce the damage to the city. I'd better send it off and follow the instructions from the superiors.' 

The fact that there was life here, the inhabitants of the Underworld differed from the army of Hell. 

°∞Open the castle gate.°± 

In the center of the arch, the old woman's little face opened her eyes to reveal the patient. 

°∞Koaa 1°± 

, his two arms came down like a hand and began to burn their fingers into the gates. 

Lian's eyebrows naturally crumpled at the shape as if he were tearing through his body. 

°∞Kkoaaaaa! Aaaaaaa!°±

The sound of flesh being torn was heard, and dark red blood flowed through the walls of the castle. 

In that state, I pulled my fingers left and right, and the gate of the press opened wide, and I heard a popping sound. 

said the gatekeeper. 

°∞There are no enemies in Hell.°± Or everyone is the enemy. 

°∞But Yahweh, you are an exception. You won°Øt be treated well even inside.°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ Let's go, Lian." 

As Shirone moved calmly, Lian, who followed behind, smiled bitterly. 

°∞Now I feel it.°± 

where the hell did you fall? 





Heuksoong (4) 


The inside of the crater where Son Yoo-jung crashed was littered with bodies of people with burst flesh. 

°∞Hee, hee!°± 

Every time the blood-red club was swung, the severed arms and legs soared into the sky. 

°∞What are these?°± 

Son Yu-jeong, who had defeated all the vicious criminals in hell, tilted his head and looked around. 

°∞Ahh°¶ °¶ . please, please stop... °¶ 

Corpses, severely out of human form, were wriggling and crawling. 

°∞Why aren°Øt you guys dying?°± 

Richera, with only her face left, screamed in despair for the rest of her life ahead of her. 

"I can't die!"

Son Yoo-jung grabbed Richera's hair and lifted it to the front of her gaze. 

"Why can't she die?" 

In the way she calmly talks to a person's head, Richera finally realized 

, 'It's not normal. Crazy.' 

The most horrific situation for those who could not die was having their heads smashed. 

Although this is not confirmed, rumor has it that in that case it would be the pain of being put in a coffin and buried in the ground. 

"Please stop it. Just leave us alone and go. Please, please.°± 

°∞Then why aren°Øt you dying?°± When Richera revealed all the facts she knew, Son Yu-jeong nodded her head. 

°∞Hmm, purification.°± 
She caressed the long goa that was stuffed 

around her neck in the form of a broken ring . 
She grabbed the end that curled up like a cloud and she tried to pull the world, but she didn't budge. 
°∞Eh.], Mr.°± 
According to her experience, she would not be able to peel it off even if she destroyed her body. 
'Why did you do this to the yard falling into hell? There must be no Buddha here.' 
If a person who has reached a high level of spirit chant a special spell, the number of orphans will decrease. 
Its power was so strong that even Son Yu-jeong, the incarnation of the stone monkey, was left with no head left. 
"I really hate it."









It doesn't seem like there would be a maknae in a place teeming with evil people in the world, but it was true. 

"yes?" 

Son Yu-jeong, who got out of her thoughts, found Richera looking into her body. 

°∞What are you looking at?°± 

°∞No, that°¶ °¶ You are in good shape.°± 

Son Yoo-jeong laughed. 

°∞Is that what you think even if only your neck remains? you are very funny Well, even where I lived, there was a monster with only a floating face floating around. That would have been you.°± 

Richera thought. 

'°¶ °¶ You made it like this.' In any case, her eyes darkened as she thought of rolling with only her neck left. 

'I'd rather be purified than live like this.' Just as I was thinking about it, the sound of burning wind rushed in from the other side of the sky. 

"yes?" 

When Son Yu-jeong raised her head, something lingered like black smoke was flying. 

°∞Black, Black Victory!°± 

Criminals with faces still attached listened to Richera and contorted her body. 

"It's here! Stay here!°± 

If he was destined to crawl here for the rest of his life anyway, it was his duty to destroy Son Yu-jeong. 

Richera shouted. 

"you idiot! What if I call the Black Seung!°± 

"shut up! Do you think your life will change just because you liked her? Everyone gets fucked together!°±

The faces shouted at you too. 

°∞You are finished too! Buried in the Wailing Wall and suffer forever! Ha ha ha... °¶ Aaaaaa!°± 

At that moment, the black monks who entered the pit of the crater quickly collected their bodies. 

°∞My body! my body!°± 

Richera burst into tears, but it was a blessing to keep her face. 

Three black monks floated in front of Son Yu-jeong, revealing a dark and shady energy. 

°∞A birth god?°± 

The face caught in the black snake shouted. 

°∞Hold that woman too! Incredibly fast! The saying catch it quickly before it runs away... °¶ Gagging!°± 

As the black chain rattled, the restraining power grew stronger and even the consciousness was blocked. 

At the thought that their appearance could have been himself, Richera mogol sighed. 

°∞Here, let°Øs jump first. Those are really scary guys. I haven't seen it myself, but... °¶ 

Even the seniors who were caught in madness were terrified when the word about the Black Seung came out. 

Son Yu-jung's eyes burned with a golden light. 

°∞What are you guys?°± 

Even with the Hwaan Geumjeong, which penetrates the truth, they could not accurately confirm their true identity. 

It must be because it is the truth. 

°∞°¶ °¶ Buddha's individual.°± Black Seung, who found the orphan, realized why Son Yu-jeong did not have a karma chain. 

°∞There must be a reason for sending you. I won't ask.°±

The difference between Yahweh and Buddha was also evident in the attitude of the black monk. 

°∞But what you hold in your hand is the property of hell. Hand it over to us.°± 

Licera, terrified, gave her damnation. 

°∞Aww! Don't fall for those guys! They treat people as objects!°± 

said the black monk. 

°∞Most of the humans who enter this world 

accept the end and become purified. However, those who are addicted to pleasure cannot forget the taste and refuse to purify it.°± 

The worldly obsession was too strong. 

°∞Because they're like that anyway, even in your world, they're ignoring the rules and living. A human being who goes against the will of the Buddha, it is a good thing to hand it over to us.°± 

"no." 

What Heukseung didn't know was that Son Yu-jeong's tendency was close to chaos. 

°∞I had this guy first. It's a fun toy. He won't give it to you.°± 

Handling things was the same, but Richera nodded with all her might. 

°∞°¶ °¶ I get it roughly.°± 

The black monk, guessing the Buddha's ulterior motive, was released into smoke and filled the sky. 

-Those who seek the truth in hell, no matter what you realize, you will not be able to accomplish the karma of saving sentient beings. 

°∞You don°Øt think so?°±

Son Yu-jeong struck back, but Black Seung turned into a black whirlpool and disappeared to the other side. 

Richera shuddered at the miraculous situation. 

"went. gone.°± 

According to the seniors, there has been no human who has ever been unharmed after being caught by the black monk. 

°∞Then where°¶ °¶ 

Richera's vision snapped back. 

°∞Now what do we do with this?°± 

The sight of her raising the corner of her mouth with mischievous eyes once again made her afraid. 

°∞Salvage, save me. No, at least throw it into the fires of hell. I want to end it now.°± 

°∞That is annoying. Rather, I want to get rid of this right now. Do you know anything?°± 

As Son Yoo-jung scratched the long orphan, Richera's head spun at the highest speed ever. 

°∞I-I don°Øt know what it is, but if I go to Raviette, I might be able to solve it.°± 

°∞Laviette?°± 

°∞They say there are many strange things in Hell. And most of it is said to be produced there. If you are an expert in that field... °¶ 

Confidence slowly faded. 

°∞Can I get rid of it? maybe." 

°∞Hmm, then shall we go there first? If things go well with me, I will listen to your request.°± 

As she said that, she pulled a strand of her hair and blew it away, causing her light string phenomenon to occur.

It was on the same level as Shirone's material, but this was also a privilege of the lineage. 

In an instant, she saw Son Yoo-jung dressed in her clothes, and Richera blinked her eyes. 

°∞Is it magic?°± 

°∞It°Øs similar. It's inconvenient to wear clothes, but it's more annoying when you take them off.°± 

Seeing her blood dripping from Richera's neck, her Son Yu-jeong gave strength to her left hand. 

°∞You should decorate a little too.°± 

"Yes? No, I... Before she could finish her words, her left hand, heated like lava, touched the severed part of her neck. 

°∞Kuaaa! Aagh!°± 

Richera's eyes grew bloody at her unexpected pain, and her jaw dropped open. 

The smell of her burning flesh wafted through, and her oil wells let go of her just before she almost lost consciousness. 

°∞It°Øs tidy now.°± 

°∞Huh! Whoa!°± 

Her tears flowed at the horror of her face being made whole. 

°∞Because it°Øs cumbersome to carry around.°± 

Creating her spiked chain, she shoved her lycera against her neck. 

°∞Keeeeeee! Keeeeee!°± 

He then looped her chain around her waist so that it clung to the lower part of her side. 

"complete! Now, shall we start? Which one is it?°± In the landscape turned upside down, Richera questioned what she was guilty of in her previous life.

'Let's hold on until it is purified.' Richera, recalling what she had heard from her seniors, said, rolling her eyes from side to side. 

°∞If you can go to a higher place, you will know that this area is the remains of a giant. If you go all the way to the place where the head is placed, it is called Laviette.°± 

"Aha!" 

As Yoo-jung, who had bent her body vigorously, jumped up, the ground moved away in an instant. 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

In Richera's field of vision, which was spinning around, she saw the remains spread all the way to the horizon. 

The city of magic engineering, Laviette. 

Lian couldn't find anything in common in the appearance of the demons roaming the streets. 

°∞As human emotions are different, the shapes of demons are different. Of course, there are distinct species such as anglerfish and succubus, but the range of changes in form is quite large.°± Shirone continued his explanation. 

°∞Human beings based on genes consider even having an extra finger as a mutation. But demons don't have mutations. If the races are separated according to the devil's inclination, they are born randomly from then on. So, some demons are vicious... °¶ 

°∞Kuaaa!°± 

A demon with a monster's face passed by and revealed her teeth to Shirone. "Some demons have a beauty that doesn't seem to exist in reality." 

The beauty who was walking opposite her looked at Shirone and squinted one of her eyes. 

°∞Where are you messing around?°±

The next moment, demons selling goods on the street knocked her over and stepped on her. 

°∞Two! You seem crazy.°± 

Sensing the demon's gaze from behind, Shirone smiled awkwardly and continued her words. 

°∞That doesn't necessarily mean it's popular 

. After all, is it a world in which shape is not so important?°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ Right." 

I couldn't understand the language of the residents, but I could guess what kind of society it was. 

°∞Shirone, I really have a question.°± Lian looked at the many structures that made up this city, not the demons. 

°∞How are you sane watching this?°± 

As I guessed from the gate, all structures were using humans in some way. 

"right." 

Shirone was calm. 

°∞It would be a lie if I said it didn°Øt work. However, I have experienced countless times while accepting Omega.°± 

It was as long as the time the Guffin had been wandering. 

°∞Hey, Yahweh!°± 

A voice came from a stall selling furniture. 

°∞Why don°Øt you go buy some of these?°± Something you might like just arrived.°± 

It was in the shape of a person lying face down, and the intestines were empty, as if fish had been sashimi. 

°∞Haha! Haha!°±

While watching the face attached to the side exhale, the Demon tribe tapped. 

°∞It°Øs all right, all right. It means that the finished product was processed as it is. It doesn°Øt rot easily because it continues to breathe.°± 

In reality, it was not a prefabricated furniture, but an object made by cutting a log as it is. 

"how? order one I'll make it cheaper. ok'?" 

Her mouth was smiling, but the hostility in her demon eyes was as if she was facing an enemy. 

That was enough for Lian. 

°∞I°Øll make it quietly.°± 

As she turned to the merchant while clutching the handle of her great sword, Shirone stopped her. 

"It's fine. You say that, but you won't attack me. It°Øs just a provocation.°± 

The demon exhaled, exposing its fangs. 

°∞Fuck away! Yahweh!" 

As he spat and hissed, the veins in Lian's neck stood up. 

°∞I°Øm still pissed off.°± 

°∞Because I am the one the demons hate the most. You can't stay in the city when you're this excited.°± 

Lian, who wanted to let Shirone rest for a day, calmed down. Shirone pointed to the restaurant's sign. 

°∞Are you hungry anyway? Let's eat something first. I need to hear where the Grand Duke lives.°± 

°∞I°Øm a bit hungry, but°¶ °¶ It was to the point of hunger.

°∞Haha, then let°Øs go to that restaurant. It's my first time actually going in, but it's still worth eating.°± 

Lian looked up at her sign. 

Something was written in the language of the demons, and a human arm was hanging and beckoning. 

I hope so.°± 

City of Magical Engineering (1) 

°∞Welcome! Paromedon Restaurant... °¶ yes'?" 

Paromedon, the owner of the restaurant, opened the door and looked at the two humans entering. 

Human form wherever you look. 

More than anything else, the moment I met Shirone, a terrible disgust surged from the depths of my heart. 

"Yahweh?°¶ °∞ 

The demons know. 

From the state of pure demons, where is one's true nature and what one rejects? 

The noisy restaurant became quiet and the eyes of the demons who were eating were focused on them. 

°∞I°Øll choke before I even eat.°± 

Since there is no place in Hell that welcomes Shirone anyway, shamelessness was the survival strategy. 

°∞Here are the two of you.°± 

As he sat down at the table in the middle, Lian thumped his butt across from him. 

The demons who had been watching Shirone turned their heads in the spirit of saying, "If you dare, attack me." 

°∞I can°Øt do it. I lost my appetite.°± Demons stood up at the table in the corner and walked to the counter and handed over their cards. 

°∞Master, check here.°±

Laviet was a city where credit loans through bank computerization were established. 

A human face was attached to the side of the counter, and the skull was open to reveal the brain. 

In the meantime, as I stabbed the card, the person's eyes began to spin up and down. 

Lian looked around the store. 

A gut-like hose was heading into the kitchen, and I could hear my heart beating inside. 

°∞Why do you need this? If you're just making something, there's stone and iron in hell.°± 

°∞Because the functions of living things remain intact in an unpurified horse. Besides, it is not destroyed.°± 

Shirone explained. 

°∞The body of a creature has various functions. For example, the brain is used for computation, and the eyes act as lenses or become terminals for transmitting information.°± 

As I covered my eyes buried in the table with my hand, I heard a sound from the ceiling. 

°∞Master! Take your order!°± 

°∞Of course, there are swords that are limited to conventional use, but Raviette is the cutting edge of hell. The functions developed here will spread throughout Hell.°± 

°∞Is the Grand Duke at the center of it?°± 

"right. Perhaps it 

is incomparable to the functions used here... °¶ 

Just then, Paromedon, who finished the calculations, approached. 

°∞I ruined business today because of you. Do the main door. Eat quickly and leave.°±

Shirone spoke in the language of the Underworld. 

°∞Could you please give me the menu?°± Paromedon's eyes were bloodshot, but Shirone 

just waited calmly. 

°∞Yahweh, am I in a really bad mood right now? I warn you, just eat it roughly.°± 

°∞It°Øs the menu.°± 

Whether it's hell or heaven, you can't choose roughly when you eat a meal at a restaurant. 

°∞Shit!°± 

Paromedon went to the counter and dropped two menu boards on the table. 

°∞Are you okay?°± 

Shirone looked at the menu without paying attention. 

°∞Um, so°¶ °¶ 

Considering Lian's power (the power of camouflage), I picked out a few good ones. 

°∞Please give me Pumong, 3 servings of Garbancho, and a large giraffe. Will it be sooner?°± 

The menu board was collected without an answer. 

°∞Except for demons like Preta, they don't eat human flesh, so you can rest assured. I don't know if it will suit your taste because it's an ingredient that doesn't exist in reality.°± 

Garbancho was an offal salad, and Kirinja was a steak the size of a horse's thigh. 

After placing the food, Paromedon brought the bone cup to the mummified man's face. 

When he pressed his left eye, light green juice poured out of the man's mouth. 

°∞Come on, it°Øs Pumong.°±

Despite the cold treatment of the host, their stomachs were ready to digest any food. 

Lian asked as she cut the giraffe into large pieces. 

°∞By the way Shirone, do you have any money? Isn°Øt Yahweh giving it away for free?°± 

°∞Of course it is.°± 

Shirone took out 'Death', the currency of hell. 

°∞Where did you get it?°± 

°∞I had it from the beginning. Gold coins in real life become chips with skulls in Hell. Call this Death.°± 

°∞Money and death.°± 

°∞In the past, there was a tradition of putting money into the hands of the dead. I thought I had to pay the boatman for the boat to cross the impassable river. He needed money to die. That's where 'death' came from. Of course, it seems that the central bank of the chemical corporation is producing it now.°± 

The smell of meat was strong, but the food was edible, and the pumong was subtly sweet. 

Just when the dishes were all emptied, the door slammed open and demons entered. 

°∞Is Yahweh here?°± 

It seemed that the demons who had left the store after seeing Shirone for the first time were bragging about it in the streets. 

While I was watching with my mouth closed with Pumong, a demon resembling a rhino approached. 

He pulled out the chair between Shirone and Lian and sat down, resting his chin on the table and said. 

°∞Heh heh, is it true? In fact, it looks filthy and unlucky. What are you doing here?°±

°∞You eat. I can not see?" 

°∞I see. looks very good So you're asking Depending on the answer... °¶ 

The demon's fist on the table turned black and a thorn like a mace came out. 

°∞Maybe I can show you?°± Shirone, who made a handkerchief out of material, calmly wiped his lips and then turned his head. 

°∞If you are going to use force, you know that you have to take care of the aftermath, right?°± 

"haha!" 

The demon raised both arms. 

°∞Ha ha ha! It's a joke, a joke. Can I really fight against Yahweh?°± 

Laughter broke out and stopped. 

°∞But I hate you. Do you see what I mean? Even if you tear it to death, your anger won't go away.°± 

The demon raised his hand using his elbow as a lever. 

°∞How about arm wrestling? Beat me and I'll let you stay in the city. Conversely, if I win, I will leave immediately.°± 

Comparing the size of his hand, it was about the size of an adult and a child, but more important than that was his ability. 

'Hidden code.' 

The black aura that pulled out the thorns just like a mace was a product of magic engineering. 

"Shirone, I'll do it." 

He couldn't understand the words, but he wasn't blind enough to know what was going on. 

Before Shirone had time to stop, Lian moved and grabbed his demon's thumb.

°∞You seem to be using a bit of strength, but where are you going? Now that you're full, I'll treat you and help you digest it." 

°∞Cheuk, you will regret it.°± 

As the game unfolded, the guests, as well as Paromedon, stopped working and approached. 

"now! Single match! Winning or losing is determined by touching the back of the hand to the table or to the ground. Any complaints?°± 

The demon nodded, and Lian, who didn't understand, also teared up and laughed. 

"start!" 

The moment the horse fell, the bodies of Lian and the demons were compressed like rocks, and power was transmitted. 

The table split from the start, but the two of them stuck to that state without even a slight movement. 

The demon's face turned red. 

°∞Big! quite!" 

As he felt the infinite power of divine transcendence pouring in, the demon's arms turned black. 

°∞Yaaaa!°± 

Again, a black thorn came out and pierced the back of Lian's hand without mercy. 

°∞Good! That's it!°± 

The demons cheered, but the eyes of Lian, the party in charge, were the same as the first time. 

'Strangely strong.' 

Even the division commander of the army of hell was no match for Lian in a physical confrontation. 

Shirone was finally convinced. 

'Also°¶ °¶ It's not complete. A special code is being applied to that demon.'

In fact, the demons' physical strength was only at the level of a brigade commander when compared to the army of hell. 

'Cheuk, demon material, Desire.' 

It was ambitiously developed by the Grand Duke, and it was a material that physically embodies the power of desire. 

'Originally, he told Yahweh to experiment, but it doesn't matter. After defeating this guy... 

As the demon's fist grew blacker, Lian's arm began to bend back little by little. 

"Yahweh! It's your turn!°± 

At the same time, power entered Lian's eyes. 

' As the incomparable immense power of divine transcendence rushed in, the demon's face turned pale. 

°∞What, what!°± 

A crack appeared on the blackened demon's arm, and it exploded like a shell. 

Then, with a crunching sound, the demon's elbow grotesquely bent back. 

°∞Aww! eight! my arms!°± 

The demons clicked their tongues as they watched him rolling on the floor holding his elbow. 

°∞Sheesh! It's Kim.°± 

When those who felt a sense of defeat returned to their seats, Shirone 

asked Lian. 

"how was it?" 

°∞°¶ °¶ It was incredibly strong. Something is strange.°± 

Shirone bent down, picked up the black shell that had fallen on the floor, and examined it. 

It seemed to have no special function as it was hardened to the point that it would break even with a little force.

'One-off, or functional destruction.' 

Shirone asked the demon whose arm was broken. 

°∞Who ordered you to send it? Be honest. This is not something a demon would carry.°± 

"I do not know. I don't know!°± 

°∞Okay, I won°Øt ask.°± 

If I tried to get an answer in any way, the whole city would be paralyzed. 

°∞Instead, tell the person who sent you. The declaration of war was well received, saying that if we don't send a message by tomorrow evening, then the city you built may be destroyed.°± 

It was confirmed that the archduke was behind it as the demons nodded their heads. 

°∞Let°Øs go, Lian.°± 

When Shirone paid for the food, Pharomedon frowned and counted deaths. 

°∞What about vandalism?°± 

°∞We still don°Øt know whose fault it is. You'll find out by tomorrow evening. I'll come back then." 

°∞No, that°Øs okay.°± 

said Paromedon, baring his teeth. 

°∞Drop in the dung and die.°± 

When I went out into the city, listening to the bad words, the expressions of the residents were not good, as if the rumor had already spread. 

Shirone said. 

°∞It will be difficult to go around any more. Let's find a place to rest. The Grand Duke will contact you tomorrow.°± 

°∞Are you okay? It's obvious, but I don't think I have good feelings for you just looking at today's work.°±

°∞So I want to meet you. The material from a moment ago is probably in the experimental stage. If it is supplied to the army of Hell... °¶ 

°∞Hmm, I guess.°± 

Shirone and Lian found a nearby lodging. 

°∞It was good to sleep comfortably.°± 

It was difficult to even breathe in a space where the reproductive organs of all kinds of creatures were clinging. 

°∞Let°Øs close our eyes for a moment. We'd better wait here until the Archduke comes.°± 

While asleep with the lights on, La Viette's temperature dropped exponentially. 

oh oh oh oh! 

Shirone slowly opened her eyes while hearing the sound of the cold wind like a howl. 

Lian was up first. 

°∞Shirone, someone has come.°± 

The place where I felt the presence was outside the inn, but the voices of uninvited guests could be heard from the room. 

°∞Sorry for coming in late.°± The wall distorted, and a demon wearing a monocle entered and bent over. 

°∞Soin, my name is Bielman. I am here to apologize for what happened during the day and to invite you two.°± 

°∞Did the Archduke send it?°± 

Bielmann responded with a relaxed smile even to a question that hit the point. 

°∞I°Ød like to say, °∞You°Øll know when you go, but°¶ °¶ . Yes, Archduke Magritte is calling.°± 

'It's faster than expected.'

I wanted to find meaning, but I couldn't guess the character of the archduke from this alone. 

"like. Guide me.°± 

A luxurious carriage was waiting for them in the freezing cold air. 

City of Magical Engineering (2) 

Vice-Chief of the Chemical Company, Boyd took Monoras and escaped from the Marquis of Picaras. 

°∞The boss told me to go to Laviette as soon as possible. If you run diligently... °¶ 

Having swallowed up all the huge bribes, the Monolas, whose stomach was rocking, changed direction. 

°∞Then do this. Am I too heavy now? So, I need to empty this.°± 

The place where Monoras' gaze was staying was the gambling city 'Unlucky'. 

°∞Chief Secretary! There is no time for this now!°± 

Boyd shouted, but Monoras' body was already flying toward Unlucky. 

Meanwhile, in the chemical industry. 

"finished." 

Lethe, who had been up all night with her official duties, was looking up at the ceiling with her tired face. 

Her drowsiness spilled over as her head spun. 

°∞°¶ °¶ I have to work.°± 

Although she sent Boyd, she couldn't leave this matter to someone else. 

After putting on rags and leaving the president's office, the employees who had just come to work bowed their heads. 

°∞Boss, where are you going?°±

"Business trip. go to ravie I've processed all the overdue paperwork, so it'll be fine for a while." 

°∞You look so tired. You couldn't sleep last night, right? Even if you close your eyes... °¶ 

"It's fine. Everyone works hard. Oh, that's right, let's go to a restaurant together. I should bring some snacks that Monolas likes.°± 

"Yes. Let me tell you.°± 

Employees liked the president of the chemical company. 

°∞Anyway, you are great. I don't know what to say, but I don't think I can stand the personality of a blind secretary.°± 

°∞Haha, but he°Øs a good guy on the inside. Since he is the chief secretary, he must have his own difficulties.°± 

'It doesn't seem like it at all.' 

Sometimes I wondered if she was suffering from her amnesia. 

hell morning. 

Fireworks that smelled of sulfur filled the sky, evaporating the cold of the night. 

"Im here." 

The old castle where the Grand Duke lived was one of the largest structures in Laviette. 

Unlike the bleak scenery that dominates the city, it was clean and, above all, resembled a building in reality. 

°∞I knew you would like it. Come on in. The Grand Duke is waiting for you.°± 

Upon entering the castle under the guidance of Bielman, a luxurious dinner was prepared. 

°∞Come, Yahweh. And the companions.°±

The grand duke, who was eating at the head of the table, smiled as he put down the tableware. 

He had the appearance of an old man, with a white beard that came down to his chest, giving him a benevolent impression. 

'Archduke Magritte.' 

Lian's lack of reaction is clear evidence that he is nervous. 

'Definitely great.' 

Compared to the army of hell, it felt like facing a corps commander in the top 10 in the hierarchy. 

°∞If it°Øs before dinner, why don°Øt we join you?°± 

Steam was leaking from the food, which was clearly freshly prepared. 

Lian swallowed his saliva. 

Unlike in a restaurant, the food was like people eating, and the utensils were familiar. 

°∞Do you normally eat like this?°± 

When Shirone asked as they sat facing each other, Lian quietly sat down next to him. 

°∞If you have lived like this, there is nothing particularly important in the world. Anyway, I paid attention.°± 

He was even proficient in the common language of the continent, but that made him more wary of Magritte. 

'It's not an ordinary bet.' 

It may not be as strong as the corps commander, but it was a key factor in the current situation. 

Shirone asked while eating the prepared food. 

°∞I would like to hear a direct explanation of what happened yesterday. The demons sent by the Grand Duke used strange abilities.°±

°∞It°Øs entertainment, entertainment. How dare you lay a hand on Yahweh with something like that?°± 

°∞So, what is it?°± 

As their eyes collided for the first time, the atmosphere rapidly cooled. 

°∞Dezire, this is a demonic substance I made.°± 

Magritte took a step back. 

°∞If you refine muddy hemp with a special technique, you can get a special substance that responds to your desires. About 0.1 gram is extracted from each person who falls into hell.°± 

How many humans do we need to replace? 

°∞War advances technology. Humans are also desperate, but we can't be defeated. I was convinced that this substance would bring victory to the demons. the problem is°¶ °¶ Magritte fixed his mouth. 

°∞It means that the psychic realm has been closed. Before Desire was commercialized and supplied to the military.°± 

In the end, the voice was right. 

°∞If she broke the system, she can fix it, but she exploited the system. She can't reopen what she got inside and closed. Until she is purified.°± 

Shirone's eyes, which took off the pretense, were filled with strength. 

°∞How long will it take?°± 

°∞I don°Øt know. The mechanic must have known, but he didn't feel like asking. From then on, I was a little neglected in technology development, so I was wasting time, and then I was playing a joke because Yahweh had come at the right time.°± 

Magritte made a face.

°∞I ask this time. What is a person who is more busy with construction work than I am in this hell?°± 

°∞To annihilate the Demon Realm.°± 

A disastrous system that only high-ranking corps commanders can do was harassing reality. 

°∞I°Øm thinking of going to a chemical company and negotiating. Perhaps you will have to use your strength.°± 

°∞Hmm.°± 

Magritte stroked his beard. 

°∞Of course, the powers of the underworld are based in hell. Are you saying you want to burn the roots because you can°Øt step on the shoots?°± 

"yes. I will purify hell. Even if all demons disappear. But if you... °¶ Couldn°Øt you come up with something better?°± 

°∞The threats are going too far. Even though the psychic realm is closed, demons are born endlessly. The army of hell and the corps commander will be restored over time.°± 

°∞You want to end it too. I mean the damn bondage between reality and the other side.°± 

Magritte's eyes were half-closed. 

°∞Do you believe the legendary precept that not all evil is unrepentant?°± 

he got up from his seat 

°∞Of course there was such a thing. A long time ago. But don't be mistaken. I am not a being who has reached such lofty realizations. They are one of the common demons who hate Yahweh and hate humans.°± 

°∞Is there room for negotiation?°±

°∞Whoops. Do humans negotiate with dogs or pigs?°± 

Lian's eyes flashed with life. 

°∞Don't get me wrong. Well, if you're offended, demons are called dogs or pigs. Anyway, it's a completely different species. We can never have the same purpose.°± 

Magritte turned and walked away. 

°∞It was a pleasant breakfast. Then, let everything you want in hell come true...°± 

Despite the mocking tone, Shirone responded calmly. 

°∞How about opening the psychic realm?°± Magritte's steps stopped. 

°∞°¶ °¶ What do you mean?" 

°∞It is literally. If you can open the psychic realm that is closed by the voice, can you help us?°± 

Magritte turned to Shirone. 

°∞Even Yahweh is lying. There is no demon who understands the hell system better than I do. Jinseong Well, that woman will never find freedom until her karma is done. In other words, it is impossible to open the psychic realm.°± 

°∞It can break the karma chain.°± 

" do not have." 

°∞Lian.°± 

Lian stood up at Shirone's words and infused powerful power into his whole body. 

bang! bang! bang! bang! 

Magritte's brow crumpled as Gehenna's chains burst from her chest and impaled her on the ground. 

The next moment, the four chains snapped and were sucked into Lian's chest.

°∞°¶ °¶ how?" 

Shirone said with a smile. 

°∞How about it, don°Øt you want to analyze it? There seems to be a hidden code that you don't know about.°± 

Is it a system error? 

Magritte, who was glaring at Shirone with fierce eyes, raised her right hand in front of her chest. 

At the same time, the chain slipped from Lian's stomach and he was in his grasp. 

°∞Big!°± 

When the displeased Lian gave her strength again, Magritte's hands were heated like molten iron. 

Chee Hee Hee! 

Even as he heard the burning sound, Magritte looked down at his chains. 

He looked at Lian with a serious expression and threw the chain away, crashing into the floor. 

°∞Sheesh!°± 

After confirming that Lian had cut it off again, he put his hands behind his back and walked to the window 

. Silence ensued for a while. 

'It's not usually a problem.' 

The first person that came to Magritte's mind was the president of a chemical company. 

'There's no way Lethe doesn't know. But the fact that it did not come, no, that Yahweh arrived at me first°¶ °¶ 

Will hell be destroyed now? 

'If it's natural, it can't be helped.' 

How complacent to think that only hell will be safe in the great cycle.

°∞I°Øm telling you to prepare lunch.°± After saying that, Magritte snapped a finger at Bielmann and moved on. 

°∞Open the underground lab.°± Upon arriving at the Archduke's laboratory, a young succubus about 1 meter tall came running. 

°∞Hello, Grand Duke. Uh?" 

The face of the succubus who found Shirone turned pale. 

°∞Hey, Yahweh!°± 

Instinctively, he invoked the ability of a dreamer, but far from being tempting, it was just cute. 

°∞A guest. Be respectful.°± 

The Archduke turned around in front of the central device while the succubus, whose powers had been released, made a dazed expression. 

°∞This is Merkede, who manages the lab. For the time being, that child will be at the mercy of Yahweh.°± 

Lian looked around. 

There were well over 200 huge glass tubes containing human samples. 

°∞Are they all dead?°± 

°∞Death in reality is 'sleep without awakening', but in hell death is only purification. Well, if you mean 'sleep without waking', I'll leave it at that.°± 

Shirone asked. 

°∞Why did you bring us here?°± 

°∞Breaking the chains of Gehenna alone is not enough to conclude that the system is faulty. First, we'll examine Lian's body. And, if possible, Yahweh also supports us. It will serve as reference data.°±

When Magritte activated the device, two capsules opened with the sound of wind. 

°∞All you have to do is go in here.°± 

Lian thought of a human sleeping in 200 glass coffins, but Shirone walked away obediently. 

°∞Wait, Shirone. It could be a trap.°± 

" It's fine." 

Shirone did not stop. 

°∞The Archduke enjoys fighting brains with his opponents, but he doesn°Øt hang on to his opponents°Ø weaknesses.°± 
The Grand Duke that 

Guffin knew was such a demon 

. 
Magritte turned away from Shirone's gaze and turned to the device, 
"Go in. It won't take long." 
When Shirone and Lian entered the capsule, the door closed and transparent water filled in. As soon as 
the water filled the chin, Lian turned his head, but Shirone remained calm. 
The inside of the capsule was filled with water, and 5 seconds later, quickly The water level subsided, 
and Merkede reported, 
"Scanning complete. Transmitting to the Pandemonium screen." 
°∞Hmm.°± 
Magritte looked at the rectangular steel plate that was filled with a shallow blood-red liquid, and 
Lian 
's information was drawn.













A number that could not be seen in any demons was engraved on the red plate. 

City of Magical Engineering (3) 

Magritte doubted his own eyes and checked his scan information once again. 

'Is this really a human being?' If the liquid of the scanning device is transferred to the real world, it will be closer to 'feeling' rather than material. 

It reads the record engraved in the soul with what is called a spirit character, and this was a hidden code used in the karma chain. 

'Body growth index, 22 years based on the photon field.' 

Since the process of his life itself was printed, Lian's age could not be wrong. 

By the way°¶ °¶ . 

'The body ability index, 16,000 years?' 

In conclusion, Lian has about 730 times his training intensity compared to his age. 

'It's not a physical number. Because the body of a creature is not like that. However, the training intensity of 730 times far exceeds human limits.' 

It wasn't that we were ignoring humans, it was that no other creature could do this. 

'If it's simply suffering great pain, it's inevitable, but... °¶ 

Training intensity is different. 

'It takes a will to break the limits. If the intensity level is 1 when you can't even take a single step, this means that this body has walked 730 more times.' 

Formidable will or belief.

'Of course, humans are a species with a high physical ability index. Demons are just strong from birth. But 730 times is a level that no Yaksha I know can imitate.' 

Shirone and Lian approached. 

°∞Did you find something out?°± 

Swallowing a gulp, Magritte turned her head to Lian and looked at her in real life. 

°∞My name is Lian°¶ °¶ 

Imagining the path he must have walked gave me a thrill and a strong impulse. 

°∞A new body model that transcends the pinnacle of living things, no, even the limitations of living things. How long will it take for mankind to evolve into this body? No, absolutely impossible. As civilization develops, creatures will become lazy. So this is not evolution, but rather devolution.°± 

Magritte pointed at Lian. 

°∞In addition, the breadth of the reverse evolution is indeed the history of the universe. The extreme of negative evolution, not simply returning to the source, but going against even the first model of living things! In other words, after enduring heat and pressure for a long time, adamantine-like changes have occurred in the body of a creature that has been reborn as a different substance!°± Shirone, who had been listening blankly, spoke. 

°∞Hey, thank you for praising my friend, but can°Øt you think about that?°±

Merkede raised his index finger and explained. °∞The Grand Duke is the smartest demon in Hell. However, he is a taciturn person, so other demons cannot read his great thoughts. It was so frustrating that the Archduke had a habit of speaking impatiently when he was really impressed. It's never common. You may consider it an honor.°± 

"yes? A lot has changed.°± 

When you get older, you become like a child. 

°∞Hmm, that was the main book. Sorry. However, Lee's body is outstanding. Of course, that alone cannot break the chains of Gehenna. Possibly the original spirit that gave it that body. 

"Well, that's what I'm going to investigate from now on. I will also check Yahweh's scan information. I feel strange. I thought I would analyze Yahweh's mind... °¶ Ugh!" 

When the button was pressed, the intaglio of the red liquid disappeared, and this time, Shirone's information appeared. 

°∞Oh, how can it be!°± 

Ariane Shirone. 

22 years without a doubt about the body growth index. 

And the physical ability index was 32 years, which was the level of an ordinary person who trained hard. 

What surprised Magritte was the next item. 

'Mental ability index.' 

520 million years. 

'The numbers are the result of the realm. In fact, it is not something that can be reached by contemplating for 520 million years.'

Even Magritte himself lived over 500 million years, but his mental ability index fell far short of it. 

'Depending on enlightenment, it is possible to reach an instant. But what the hell is a 500 million year mind? I've never even thought of such a realm of thought.' 

It must be something like the sea or the sun. 

'Borderline between animate and inanimate? No, maybe a new system that encompasses both. Is this Yahweh?' 

Magritte glanced back at Shirone. 

°∞The height of his self-destruction. At the end of breaking down all logic, we reached the only point of contact between nothingness and existence. How many times do you have to repeat this spirit to achieve this spirit!°± 

In other words, it is Taegeuk itself. 

°∞This is God's personality, God's attitude, and God's point of view! There is neither right nor wrong, there is only the 'undefined entity' of that moment! In other words, a mental vacuum! iced coffee! Why don't you act on the whim of erasing the world with that mighty reason! Of course. Because God is indifferent! Then why does he help mankind? There is only one miracle. A miraculous illusion triggered in a vacuum! That is the essence of Yahweh!°± 

After Magritte finished his explanation with a finger-pointing gesture, there was silence in the laboratory for a while. 

°∞Yeah, what°¶ °¶ It sounds similar. Anyway, what are you going to do now? The chains of Gehenna.°± 

Magritte, whose excitement had subsided, sat down in his chair as if exhausted.

°∞Whoa. It seems like it will take some time to catch the error in the purification system. I don't think it's in the realm of 'failure'. It seems to have occurred because the special properties of Lian and Yahweh interacted with the hell system.°± 

°∞Shirone didn°Øt do anything?°± 

°∞Hidden codes work before causality. It's not logic. For example, the existence of Yahweh must have had a great influence on you breaking the chains of Gehenna.°± 

Lian shut his mouth. 

°∞However, if errors continue to occur, it is inconvenient for the person concerned and causes bad damage to the system of hell. Right now, the only stopgap you can do is control Lian's Gehenna. In other words, it is to make it independent from the system of hell.°± 

°∞Is that possible?°± 

°∞I don°Øt know, it°Øs unprecedented. However, theoretically, there are several hypotheses. The problem is karma. You'll have to create a new program to bypass the Youngja¢Á ÿÍ signal. To do that, I need Yahweh's help.°± 

°∞Are you going to ask me for help?°± 

°∞From now on, what we do is against the rules of hell. I don't know if Satan will say that it's funny, but the painter must have a different position. If you know that you have helped Yahweh, you will be stripped of your title and purified.°± 

Magritte blocked the misunderstanding as Shirone looked at her with worried eyes.

°∞Extinction doesn°Øt matter. lived long enough However, when rumors spread, it becomes difficult to work. I really hate being interrupted when I'm doing my research. I'll list them down, so ask them at the store. It's something you can't even ask someone close to you to do.°± 

If the information leaked out, it was the end. 

°∞If only I could avoid suspicion. But if Yahweh went around seeking this and that, would a dispute arise?°± 

°∞Of course you have to do it secretly. Yahweh's unique smell, should I say code? I will erase it. No one will notice your identity, so you can do it comfortably. first of all°¶ °¶ 

Seeing Magritte continue his explanation quickly, Merkede bit her lip. 

'It's a big deal. The Grand Duke is really stuck.' 

As far as she knows, when Magritte is determined and does something of her own, her Satan cannot stop her. 

She said, 'I won't stand still in the firework. In the unlikely event that Lady Lette's ears are heard, the Archduke... °¶ The succubus' fists clenched tightly. 

'I will definitely protect it. I will strictly control it so that it never goes into your ears.' 

I heard Lian's laugh. 

°∞Awesome, Shirone? Aren't you a demon who can't be seen by anyone? It's a waste to see it alone." 

Shirone stood in front of the mirror. 

"this°¶ °¶ what?" 

One of his heads was short, red-skinned, black-haired, and had small horns growing on either side of his forehead. 

'It also has fangs.'

When he opened his mouth, sharp fangs like thorns were placed perfectly in the row of teeth. 

said Magritte. 

°∞I changed everything except for my facial features. As far as function of form goes, it's not particularly impressive in Hell. It would be better for me to do my job if I didn°Øt stand out.°± 

said Lian. 

°∞It's not that much, but it looks really weak, doesn't it? Among the demons I fought, there was no face so benign.°± 

°∞Actually, I can°Øt help it because I have a gentle face. You can change it to a completely different form if you want. It is possible to be 3 meters tall and have about 8 arms 

.°± °∞°¶ °¶ no it's okay." 

I just wanted to keep my identity. 

°∞I think so too. There is no need to feel repulsive, this is not a transformation, but more like makeup. The key is to hide the code of Yahweh. If possible, act like a demon. The suppression rate is 7%. If you get closer to Yahweh by 93% or more, the makeup might disappear.°± 

°∞Seven percent.°± 

It was to the extent that an amateur actor-level method was necessary, but it was true that it was awkward. 

°∞Here is the list.°± Upon receiving the note from Magritte, Shirone had a rough idea of ??what she needed. 

'Hmm, this way... °¶ 

Shirone, who had drawn up the guidelines based on Omega's information, put the note in his pocket. 

°∞Then, I°Øll go.°±

For some reason, Lian's heart calmed down at the sight of the red demon wearing loose clothes. 

"be careful. Don't respond to anyone who argues with you.°± 

°∞Haha, it°Øs okay. I wonder where he will go and get hit. I'll get it soon and bring it back." 

Syrone walked to the door, shuffling her pants, and turned to Magritte and said. 

"You haven't forgotten about the deal, have you?" 

No matter how Lian's problem is solved, it should be in a form that can break the chain of true voice. 

Magritte patted him on the head. 

°∞Received.°± 

Meanwhile, uninvited guests were flying into the walls of Laviette City. 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

The one who came with a scream on his tail was blowing out a long cloud of jet streams. 

As Richera, only her neck remained, flipped her eyes in the receding consciousness, her inertia vanished. 

°∞Oops.°± 

Son Yu-jeong froze at the wall. 

°∞Hey, right here? No matter how much I look around, there is only one city nearby.°± 

"Yes? Ah yes." 

Richera, almost conscious, saw the human face embedded in her castle wall and gave her goosebumps. 

°∞Hick! You really are Raviette!°± 

It's the first time I've actually seen it, but I heard that most of the humans captured by the Black Seung are used here. 

"stop. Who are you?°±

The two demons who blocked Shirone two days ago pointed their spears at Son Yu-jeong. 

°∞I heard that there is a grand duke or something in this city. Go ahead and call him. If not, I will go.°± 

The demons looked at each other. 

As Laviette's gatekeeper, she is very patient, but Son Yoo-jung's words clearly crossed the line. 

°∞Quack! Kkkkkkkkk!°± 

The life spread like fire, and the two demons who had lost their reason rushed with their spears. 

°∞Huhhhh!°± 

Even after seeing the face of the ghost burning with the intent to kill, Son Yu-jeong calmly took out her clothing and held it up. 

°∞The cheeky monsters.°± 

Aaaaaaaaagh! 

At the roar that shook the earth, the demons living in the city turned their bodies in surprise. 

"hurry! Daughter!°± 

After a while, armed security forces ran in two columns toward the gate. 

"yes? what?" 

A demon with a cute impression wearing a hooded cloak blinked and asked the demon next to him. 

°∞What's going on? Where are you all going?°± The demon, whose hair was as hard as a blade, looked down and nodded. 

"I'm still young so I don't know. They are the Archduke's security forces, only dispatched in emergencies. It is said that the castle gate was breached, but if so, it must be a demon species.°± 

°∞Hmm.°± 

Shirone looked back at the edge of the city.

City of Magical Engineering (4) 

Demons are those born from low-quality demons and are equivalent to demonic beasts in hell. 

However, because of his savage personality and some intelligence, there were times when he attacked cities. 

'In reality, it's about a monkey.' Shirone did not even dream that the attacker was actually a monkey. 

'Let's stop worrying. They'll be caught soon.' 

Following Satan's adage that there are no enemies in Hell, the gates of Laviette were poorly secured. 

However, the city's military power was truly formidable, and the officials in particular were comparable to the armies of Hell. 

'This is the town of magic engineering.' 

Arriving at a street lined with numerous shops, Shirone entered a two-story building. 

"hello." 

The purple-skinned woman who was sorting things on her shelf turned her head. 

"welcome. long-term specialty stores°¶ °¶ yes?" 

After examining her customer's appearance, she flew to the counter flapping her bat's wings. 

"How old are you?" Shirone made up her age based on what she knew from Ultima. 

°∞I am 102 years old.°± 

°∞Hey, are you too young? But they all come to these places. Are you Ji Seongjong? Where were you born?°± 

°∞On the fire of ambition. Isn°Øt your sister Ji-seong°Øs servant too?°± 

Demons inherit certain characteristics of Satan, and the intelligent species were the most intelligent type among them.

Archduke Magritte was also an intelligent species, and his appearance changed according to his age. 

"Ho Ho! At one time, I even took the management exam. Of course, I failed now and am here.°± 

"yes." 

Shirone answered casually and handed over the list. 

°∞I want to buy something, please give me everything here. I'll do the math with death.°± 

Cash was good because the archduke's credit card would leave a record. 

°∞I have seen it somewhere. Do not worry about it. Because none of the items here are stolen. what?" 

The owner's eyes sparkled as he checked the list. 

°∞Are you going to buy a heart? This is a very difficult institution. you°¶ °¶ Are you able to handle it?°± 

"of course. I even won a prize in a contest sponsored by a chemical company. I°Øm buying this with prize money.°± 

It was a lie, of course. 

°∞°¶ °¶ OK got it. hang on. First of all, 2 hearts of witches burned at the stake, and 1 heart drowned in icy water.°± 

Depending on the emotion right before death, the function of the heart could be used differently. 

she said as she packed all her stuff into one of her big boxes and stomped them on her counter. 

°∞700,000 deaths in all. By the way, what kind of tournament gives out so much prize money?°± 

°∞It's a secret.°±

There was nothing I couldn't do if I made it up, but if I put it this way, I would think for myself. 

°∞No way, did you get a scouting offer from the chemical company? You must be really smart.°± 

°∞What is that?°± 

Shirone checked the quantity and condition first. 

°∞Death will earn a lot. That's good. Because I°Øm working hard to earn that too.°± 

She rested her chin on her chin and was lost in her thoughts. She suddenly furrowed her brow and squeezed Shirone. 

"Ouch! Why are you hitting me?°± 

°∞Your child has already been torn apart. Since ancient times, if you are Ji Sung-jong, you must dream big. Do you pass the management exam and enter the chemical industry without thinking of leading hell?°± 

Shiroe, who hugged her box, pushed her lips out. 

°∞What does your sister have to do with it?°± 

She deliberately showed off her childishness because she might find out if she argued for nothing. 

°∞Ha, yes. What can I say to my subject. I also once dreamed of becoming a title. It's the Yeongji that bears my name. In that sense, Laviette is really cool. Not only the grand duke's aesthetic sense, but functionally... °¶ 

Her rant was about to begin, and her eyes were full of life. 

°∞But Yahweh, they said that the abominable man had come. Did you hear that too?°± 

"Yes? Ah yes. I heard you.°±

°∞He°Øs not cool even if I tear him to death. I want to be skinned alive. If you could hear that wormy human scream, you could do anything.°± 

It was a situation where there was a mouth but nothing to say. 

°∞Why do you hate Yahweh so much?°± 

"yes?" 

°∞No, I know you hate Yahweh, but it's not this year. It's strange, to hate someone from the moment they were born.°± 

The owner tilted his head. 

'They say that in a very intelligent species, the rationality transcends the original sex, and this child seems to be the same.' 

Archduke Magritte was a representative example. 

°∞Because I hate you. I never really thought about it, but maybe we were Yahweh. She chuckled as she rested her chin on her chin. 

°∞Is it because I love you too much?°± 

Hearing her unexpected reply, Shiroe couldn't reply, so she continued her words. 

°∞I really don°Øt know. Just look at the color of the hatred I feel... °¶ It feels close to betrayal.°± 

°∞Feeling betrayed.°± 

°∞Just how to put it, humanly speaking, what does it feel like to see your beloved partner sleeping with someone else? Doesn°Øt that usually make people almost crazy?°± 

It was an inference that was possible because she was also an intelligent species. 

°∞The moment of birth, the incident itself must act as a kind of betrayal to us. That's why I want to tear him to death, and I want him to be unconditionally unhappy... °¶

The owner's expression softened for a moment, but soon the burning flesh dwelled in my eyes. 

°∞I will kill you! I'm going to open my stomach, take out all my intestines, and chew them in front of you! You son of a dog!°± Having calmed her excitement, she handed her change. 

°∞Anyway, don°Øt forget. Yahweh is our main enemy. You seem to be outstanding, so I hope you become a manager instead of a painter. You could even aim for the title of duke.°± 

"thank you." 

After taking her death, Shirone bowed her head to the owner and left her shop. 

'It's a feeling of betrayal.' 

The steps toward the laboratory were heavy. 

That night, in the Laviette barracks. 

The temporary barracks seemed to have been built by randomly kneading the intestines of creatures. 

In a space with such terrible activity, 7 demons were sitting around a round table. 

Raviette 7th General. 

The current rank is chief of the peace, but they were veterans who had assisted the grand duke 100 million years ago. 

°∞I missed it after all. She searched the city but could not find the woman. She is a kind of ability.°± 

Son Yu-jeong was hiding in the city. 

°∞I received a report that Yahweh had entered two days ago. He was granted passage once, but there is no record of him ever leaving the castle. If it must be in the city, wouldn°Øt it have something to do with this incident?°±

°∞Well, maybe the two of you have hooked up by now. Whatever you do, I can't wait. I will report to the Grand Duke and ask him to delegate full authority.°± 

°∞Isn°Øt that a bit embarrassing? How do you say that the 7 generals who occupied countless territories failed to capture just one?°± 

°∞If you are really Yahweh's colleague, the matter is serious. Besides, the woman is quite strong. As a result of checking the video recorded on the black box, the speed at the moment the castle gate was hit exceeded Mach.°± 

A moment of silence ensued. 

°∞°¶ °¶ Then who reports?°± 

°∞I will.°± 

Executioner Ithaca. 

She was a woman with jet-black hair long enough to fill the floor like a shadow. 

°∞And from tomorrow, security will be strengthened. Reinforce the gate guards by more than 20 times the usual.°± 

°∞That's up to you to decide, but the way you give orders is unpleasant. There is no reason for us to follow your orders.°± 

°∞Then you guys should report it.°± The meeting is over. 

the next morning. 

°∞Hey hey hey!°± 

A rogue bird specialized in high-speed flight 

swiftly landed in front of Laviette's castle gate. 

°∞Oops.°± 

Next, Lethe, the president of the chemical company, jumped out. 

"long time no see. Laviette.°± 

I pulled the applicator down from under her chin, revealing a beautiful, tired face.

"stop! If it moves, it will fire!°± 

Her demons shouted from the top of her castle wall, and two security guards clad in ironclad approached her. 

°∞Who are you? Identify yourself.°± 

"yes? identity?°± 

The face of her police officer contorted in irritation at the sight of Lethe tilting her head 

. 

Because the gates were breached, they rolled all night. 

°∞Where is the territory you belong to! What's your name! Tell Laviette what your business is!°± 

Lethe, who closed one eye tightly, fired at her. 

"shut up! Ask one by one! Do you think I have 10 mouths? I'm here to meet the Grand Duke! What do you want?°± 

"what?" 

Her bodyguard's hand gripped Lethe's chest. 

°∞Is this really crazy! 

Do you know what the situation is like now ? If you make fun of your tongue by mistake 

... °¶ 

A crackling sound erupted. 

The police officer's head turned to the side. 

It felt like an immediate judgment, but there were no soldiers moving among the demons on the wall. 

'what? What just happened?' 

no one knew 

It was the fastest slap in the world, and it was surprising that his neck was not broken. 

°∞Where are you touching! I'm afraid I'll just blow it up!"

°∞All-out attack!°± 

At that time, when the demons on the wall were aiming firearms according to the instructions, the gate split left and right. 

thud! thud! 

An ironclad knight appeared with heavy steps. 

°∞Stop it.°± 

Raviette 7th General, Guimara. 

True to his nickname of an armor knight, even the armor he was wearing was born from a horse. 

Lethe put her hand on her waist. 

°∞Hey, don°Øt be afraid. I need to take good care of the kids.°± 

Seeing the name of the 100-million-year-old police chief called out in the face made the hearts of the demons sink. 

"there°¶ °¶ Excuse me, but who are you?°± Before he could answer, Gimara fell to one knee, driving his great sword into the ground. 

°∞I°Øm sorry, Lady Lethe. The situation in the city was complicated, so I committed disrespect.°± 

"yes? Lethe?" 

The faces of the demons who realized their identities turned pale, and all of them fell flat on their faces. 

°∞Mother of Hell!°± 

°∞Oh, noisy! I'm busy, what the hell is going on? Everyone gets scared and blocks the road.°± 

°∞Last night the gates were breached. It was determined that it could be Yahweh's trick, so we strengthened our vigilance.°± 

"Yahweh? Oh yes! Yahweh!" 

Lethe, who didn't even have time to stand up Kim Mara, squatted down and pressed his face against him.

°∞Is Lian here too? Why, an ignorant strong man who carries a large sword on his back.°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ I heard that there was a commotion in the restaurant. They seem to be looking for the Archduke, but since yesterday he has been nowhere to be seen.°± 

'Yesterday. It was close.' 

A look of relief appeared on Lethe's face. 

°∞Are you in the old castle now? guide me And tell Monolas that I'm here.°± 

Strange eyes flashed in Kimara's helmet. 

°∞The Grand Duke will welcome Lethe-nim. But the chief secretary has never been in the city.°± 

Lethe groaned and stood up. 

"What are you talking about? Yahweh is here? So, of course, there must be a Monolas.°± 

°∞My defensive radius is far beyond Laviette. To be sure, the chief of staff did not even approach within a radius of 100 kilometers, let alone the city.°± The bundle in his hand suddenly fell. 

°∞Lethe-sama?°± 

At that moment, Gimara clearly realized what the unapproachable wrath of the goddess was. 

°∞This piglet is real!°± 
The 3,000 troops in charge of guarding Raviette, 

the city of magic engineering (5) , thoroughly searched the city. 
"Shit! Where are you?°± The location of Son Yu-jeong was not captured even by the security system operated by the hidden code. 
°∞Squad 3 into the building! Kill them as soon as you see them!°±




A security guard passed by, and a human figure protruded convexly from the wall made of slime. 

°∞It°Øs brutal.°± 

Among the Taoist arts of Son Yu-jeong, there was the ability to temporarily assimilate with objects. 

The mechanism of 'string', which changes the law with the vibration of hair, was subordinate to Hexa. 

°∞I can't stay hidden forever. Either invade the grand duke's castle, or find another way.°± 

Richera, clinging to her waist, said. 

°∞You can hide for 3 minutes. Can°Øt we just keep pulling out our hair and go?°± 

Son Yoo-jeong lowered her gaze, lifted Richera's head, and slammed it into her slime wall. 

°∞Wook! Woo!°± 

She held her breath for about a minute and when it was removed, only her neck remained and her face was teary-eyed. 

°∞Why, why are you like that?°± 

°∞Are you just saying it°Øs someone else°Øs hair? A bald monkey is absolutely not allowed.°± 

In fact, Richera's strategy was useful. 

Even so, the reason why I couldn't go to the grand duke was because of the long orphan hanging around her neck. 

She said, 'If I can dismantle the long orphan, I'm talking about making it work. If so... °¶ 

Just imagining it was terrifying. 

'Never! I'd rather bite my tongue and die than be treated like a slave all my life! Would you rather just go back? After all, no one in this hell can use this.'

Richera, who was staring blankly at Son Yoo-jung, whose expression changed in real time, said. 

°∞Make up your mind quickly. Are you going or not? I don°Øt want to be caught and become a wall.°± 

Seeing the human buried alive in Laviette's building made her desperate to be purified grow stronger. 

°∞I°Øm thinking about it, so keep your mouth shut. Before you nail it to the wall right now.°± As Richera kept her mouth shut, black shadows quickly engulfed the city. 

Laviette Barracks. 

"what? Have you still not found it?°± She tossed her chair back and yawned as the red demons sat down. 

Special Mobility Captain Crosade. 

It had long horns like a sheep, and a swirling pattern symbolizing the demons was engraved on its skin. 

°∞Do it quickly. As soon as I find it, I will go and destroy it right away.°± 

Executioner Ithaca was silent. 

'Almost occupied.' 

Her dark hair spread like the water's surface around her as she sat cross-legged at her desk. 

'Black Legacy.' 

Ithaca's hair grows to the extent that it fills the city, and each one is a delicate nerve. 

°∞Northwest.°± 

As she focused her attention on that spot, her eyelids trembled and Son Yoo-jung's position was set. 

°∞The 13 block alley on Magol Street. Not fast. It is moving at 23 kilometers per hour.°±

"You're free." 

Crossade got down from the chair and bent his knees. 

°∞Go ahead and cut your throat.°± 

°∞It is forbidden to be careless.°± 

As Crosade's thighs inflated like balloons, explosive kinetic energy was generated. 

"red! I have time or stock up.°± 

The moment he finished speaking, Crosade flew into the sky with a bang. 

Around Ithaca, who closed his eyes, his dark hair cascaded like a creature. 

As the legacy of black took over the entire city, there was no place to hide anymore. 

°∞What is this dark thing? It's very embarrassing.°± 

°∞It could be the tracking ability of the demons. How about using your stealth ability now?°± 

°∞Yeah, at what age°¶ °¶ 

Son Yu-jeong stopped talking, opened her eyes, and twisted her upper body at a tremendous speed. 

The ground exploded with a bang. 

°∞Oh, did you avoid it?°± When Crosade appeared in the smoke, Son Yu-jeong took out two bags of women's clothing. 

The next moment the security forces arrived. 

°∞There! What, Mr. Crosade?°± 

Confirming that one of the 7 generals was there, they spread out in all directions and blocked the escape route. 

Crosade extended his index and middle fingers. 

°∞Choose one of the two. Either get beaten to death here, or get hit after death.°±

Anything possible in hell. 

Hwaan Geumjeong lit up in Son Yu-jeong's eyes, and her hand holding the woman's robe made a loud sound. 

°∞Something like a lesser monster.°± 

°∞Quack.°± 

As Crosade, who had lifted her shoulders, spurred the ground, Son Yu-jeong evaporated. 

A roar shook the city. 

Lethe turned her head in front of the Grand Duke's castle. 

"what?" 

The armored knight, Kimara, also sensed the unusual shock contained in the sound. 

°∞Looks like we found the intruder. Crosade will be dispatched, so don't worry.°± 

"yes?" 

The 7 generals were the strongest in terms of simple force, so Lethe opened the door without worrying. 

While all the demons working in the castle came out to meet him, the Grand Duke was nowhere to be seen. 

Of course, the elder of the elders who can have a drink with anyone in hell is Marguerite, but... °¶ . 

'There's definitely something.' 

It was unusual to even ignore the president of the chemical company. 

°∞What about the Grand Duke?°± 

Only the butler Biel replied. 

°∞You are in the lab. You know, once you go in, there's no guarantee when you'll come out.°± 

°∞So I came here myself. It's really important, can you take me to the lab?°±

°∞I have not received such a message.°± The demons working in the castle exchanged glances with surprised expressions at the unexpected words and actions. 

°∞Bielman.°± 

Life flashed in Lethe's eyes. 

°∞Yes, boss.°± 

°∞Aren°Øt you misunderstanding something? Since I treat you well, does the Grand Duke look like I'm on par with you?°± 

°∞Who would dare to defy the Mother of Hell. However, I am telling the truth.°± 

He was prepared for extinction through implementation, and handing over responsibility meant the same for the Grand Duke. 

"Sigh." 

Lethe's eyebrows curled into an eyebrow. 

°∞Why, really? What are we fighting for? huh? Mr. Biellmann, it's me, it's Lethe. Why are you so serious?°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ sorry." 

From Bielman's unmoving appearance with his eyes down, Lethe felt it. 

"Yahweh. are you here now? And Lian too. Has anyone seen it? At least the gatekeeper knows, right?°± 

As she looked around her, her demons froze and swallowed her saliva. 

There will be few people in hell who can fool the president of a chemical company with their eyes. 

Even so, Bielman was calm, and Lethe could not find lies in the eyes of her demons. 

She said, 'Is there really no Yahweh? no, that can't be He's already used his hand.' 

Bielman's eyes darkened coldly.

'I'm sorry, Mr. Lethe.' 

In the old castle where Magritte is staying, there is not a single demon who knows about Shirone's whereabouts. 

'I serve the grand duke.' 

It was because Bielman had killed them all. 

'It's such a serious matter. Mistakes are unacceptable when the fate of hell is at stake.' 

Lethe was frustrated and angry. 

"Move." 

It wasn't anger at Ha-geuk-sang, but it was regret for the years when they respected each other. 

°∞If it's like this, I won't have to be polite anymore. I must meet the Grand Duke.°± 

Even when he dared to see Lethe approaching head-on, Bielman did not even flinch. 

°∞Vicky. It is an order.°± 

°∞You know where the lab is. Is it really necessary to go back a long way?°± 

°∞No, I hate it. you get out of the way.°± Lethe said behind her. 

°∞Don°Øt wait.°± 

There was a clicking sound, and Kimara lowered her head. 

°∞Yes, Lady Lethe.°± 

°∞If a butler disobeys the order of the chemical company president, what will be the laws of hell?°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ You will have to cut your throat.°± Kimara, also a loyalist of the Grand Duke, had a feeling of being squeezed into his voice. 

'What's going on? Why is Mr. Bielman having a meaningless conflict with Lady Lethe?'

When something is happening that even the 7th General of the Archduke doesn't know about, his judgment is... °¶ . 

Lethe said. 

°∞This is your last chance. Move." 

Bielman didn't answer, and all that was left was Guimara's sword to cut his throat. 

10 seconds. 

It was the only time Lethe could wait while recalling memories of billions of years. 

Guimara chose. 

'I am a knight of the Grand Duke.' 

10 seconds passed, and Lethe gnashed her teeth and turned away coldly. 

°∞Stupid things!°± 

Bielmann followed her back with his eyes as she strode toward the laboratory. 

Guimara didn't ask. 

'If the Grand Duke wishes... °¶ Guimara will not ask anything. 

A small succubus, Merkede, who was watching on the middle floor, hurriedly came in. 

°∞The president of the chemical company is coming.°± 

It was a bad news, but Magritte's response, assuming this situation, was calm and swift. 

°∞It ended up like this. It is a mountain that must be crossed at least once. For now, Yahweh will come this way.°± 

When the laboratory floor was ripped open, a deep hole that looked like intestines was wriggling 

. I don't know how long Lady Lethe will be here, but I'll send you a separate message."

The hole was narrow and damp, but since Shirone was also shorter in the shape of a demon, it seemed to fit. 

"wait for a sec. Apart from me, what about Lian? The person Lethe is looking for is rather Li An.°± 

°∞So I have to stay here all the more. Those affected by the Karma Chain are under the watchful eye of the Painter. The only place in this city where you can disrupt the chemical company's hidden code is this laboratory. Of course, this is also illegal, but the moment you leave, 

you won't be able to gamble.°± said Lian. 

°∞Yes, Shirone. I don't have to worry Because it's an enemy you have to run into anyway.°± 

"okay. then°¶ °¶ Be careful." 

Merkede said. 

°∞Quickly, quickly! You are coming down now.°± 

As Shirone entered the hole, the intestines contracted and relaxed, sending him down quickly. 

When Magritte, who had hidden the hole, opened the warehouse door, all kinds of corpses were piled up like a mountain. 

°∞You go in here. 

It will be able to erase the smell of the living body . You must never show signs.°± 

It was a terrible sight to capture, but Lian calmly dug between the corpses. 

The warehouse door closed, and the laboratory door opened. 

°∞Grand Duke.°± 

When Lette turned the corner, she saw Magritte buried her head in the blueprints.

"yes? No, aren't you Lethe? Why are you in such a shabby place without a message?°± 

She didn't even listen by ear. 

In the silence, her gaze began to carefully scan the scene of the laboratory. 

The security guard was in a state of mind. 

°∞This, how can it be... 

The demon with the strongest body among the demons, and that is the 7th general, Crosade, was shattered terribly. 

Yokeuuuu°± 

Kro Seid, with all the horns on his forehead broken, lifted his head towards his Son Yu-jeong. 

°∞You bastard, you dare me°¶ °¶ 

Son Yu-jeong, who was burning like the sun, approached her with smoke coming out of her mouth. 

°∞Are you done now? It's nothing special.°± 

The entire block of Magol Street was in a state of being devastated, and the radius of the siege reached 500 meters. 

°∞Don't think it's over. All demons in hell will come after you. tear it to shreds I will rip out the intestines alive and throw them into your mouth!°± 

Son Yoo-jung listened to the woman. 

°∞Yes, yes, if I lose, will you do anything?°± 

°∞Ha ha ha! stupid human! You can clearly see the road to hell that will spread to you in the future! ha ha... °¶ !°± 

There was a bang. 

As Crosade's face was crushed by the blow, the security guard's eyes tightened. 

"this??????!"

In the face of the defeat of the veteran, the already ferocious nature of the demon tribe was fully awakened. 

°∞Kuaaaaa!°± 

Richera's face went pale. 

°∞We are done! They won't stop until Hell is gone.°± 

Son Yu-jeong laughed as she pulled out her hair. 

"haha! that would be fun too I heard that my great-grandfather almost destroyed the heavens.°± 

Her hair squirmed with a shine. 

°∞The Magic of Manga Comics.°± 

At the same time, thousands of Son Yu-jeong were born in the sky and began to scatter in all directions. 

°∞Kyahahaha! Grab it hard!°± 

The monkey's frivolous laughter echoed throughout the city. 

Other Convictions (1) 

Emotional Illness Case, No. 13-465. 

Paimon's Pandemonium, Emotion Scale, crossed the Central Continent and took control of the Southern Continent. 

°∞Ouch. Gagging!°± 

A tall man, left alone in a huge mansion, lay on the stairs and groaned. 

Clovis, the rich man of Calais. 

He was the 2nd richest man in the kingdom and one of the 100 largest conglomerates in the southern continent. 

"Why why°¶ °¶ 

Clovis wept. 

°∞Why are you still sick?°± 

He first killed his handmaid.

Next friends, then 13 wives, then 7 children. 

It had all happened in one day, and he had just split open the stomach of Cassie, whom he loved. 

°∞Couldn°Øt he be dead yet?°± 

Clinging on his reason paralyzed by pain, Clovis limped down the stairs. 

His wives and children, whose eyes were open, collapsed on the cold floor, watching him. 

°∞Huh! it hurts. so painful." 

It didn't seem like a pain a person could bear. 

°∞Cathy, are you still alive?°± 

One of the large dogs was holding her tongue out, spilling my bowels. 

"die. just die fast I'm having a hard time.°± 

Even the sensation felt every time he was stabbed with a long sword was as painful as breaking a bone. 

"OMG! Aaaaaa!°± 

It was only when he saw the dog's body that there was no more place to poke, that Clovis realized the reality. 

°∞What should I do! I killed them all! What more do I have to give up to not get sick!°± 

The thrown longsword ricocheted off the wall and hit the bottom of a shelf topped with pottery. 

"Ugh!" 

At the same time as his face turned pale, the shaking pottery fell to the floor. 

"no! no!" 

Hurrying up, he grabbed one of the hundreds of splinters and clattered his hand.

"Damn it! How much is this! You stupid child!°± 

At that moment, Clovis realized that his sense of pain had returned to normal. 

°∞Money°± 

The first thing he did after finding a new way was to shake his head. 

"no. How am I called money 

He hasn't had a day off since he was 7 years old, and no one can be happy. 

°∞Bastards! hybrids! lowly things! How dare you go after my money! Guess who will live like you guys!°± 

A single piece of pottery was worth a grain of dust, and the sense of pain began to soar again. 

°∞Aaaah, no.°± Clovis trembled in terror. 

°∞Please someone stop this. I'll give you 100 million gold, no, 1 billion gold, so fix me.°± 

please please°¶ °¶ . 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

As the threshold rose, twice as much as before, a terrible pain gripped her whole body. 

°∞Save people! Yes, save people!°± 16 hours after that. 

When the World Health Organization arrived, it is said that the burning mansion lit up the dawn. 

°ÏPuuuuuu.°± Seriel, who closed the number 13-465 file, saw Clovis lying on the bed. 

It was black and hard like charcoal. 

°∞Is it just incineration?°± 

After signing the file written by the mind wizard, he stood up and the inspector covered the body with a cloth.

"Yes. I tried to contact them, but no one came forward to hold the funeral. It is natural.°± 

It was a lonely death. 

"I know. Please treat it like this.°± Seriel's expression after leaving the mortuary remained calm until he returned to the laboratory. 

What greeted her was a note on her wall and a large graph of her hours. 

Reality rushed in. 

"Sigh." 

The kind of life the victim lived has long been buried in the hundreds of reports that arrive every day. 

"Sigh! Sigh! Sigh!" 

Why can't it be cured? 

Her helplessness was mounting, and she raised her rage in a desperate attempt to deny it. 

°∞Aaaaa! it's annoying!" 

She threw whatever she could find. 

'Hold on! I have to be patient!' 

Although he knew that anger could not solve the problem, his body was not controlled by his brain. 

Shirone strongly opened the door to the lab. 

°∞Seriel! what's the matter?" 

When she came to her senses, her room was a mess and blood was dripping from her fingertips. 

°∞Are you hurt? Why are you so excited, not like you?°± 

As she approached to check her wounds, Seriel lowered her arm and spoke in a trembling voice. 

°∞Shirone.°±

After reading the despair in her eyes, Shirone realized that the blood was not the problem. 

°∞Seriel, it may be difficult, but°¶ °¶ 

Seriel, who buried her face in Shirone's chest as if about to collapse, grabbed her by the collar and cried. 

"iced coffee°¶ °¶ Aaaaaa... °¶ 

It was a sad cry. 

"It's fine." 

Repeating the only words she could say, Shirone rubbed Seriel's back. 

"It's fine. Everything will be fine.°± how much time has passed 

Seriel's breathing, which poured out tears until her clothes were wet, gradually calmed her down. 

°∞°¶ °¶ Sorry." 

As if she couldn't bear to show her face, she pulled the collar of her Shirone even more. 

°∞I°Øm sorry. When it's hard, you can cry as much as you like. No one doubts your best.°± 

Even if not everyone in the world. 

Only then did Seriel, who raised her head secretly, pout her lower lip and said. 

°∞If you tell Amy, she will die. Keep your mouth shut until I tell you.°± "haha! okay. Let°Øs see your hands first.°± Seriel's specialty was recovery magic, but somehow this situation was a matter of mood. 

The wound was long, but fortunately not deep. 

°∞How did you get excited?°± 

Seriel, who was being treated by Shirone while sitting in her chair, lit a cigarette.

"I don't know either. I've been having nightmares lately. Maybe I should reduce the case inspection.°± 

Shirone smiled bitterly. 

"right. Are you tired." 

°∞Emotional disease. You have to look into the deepest inner side of that person. It's not going to be sane.°± 

Seriel turned her head. 

°∞It's really great. How can you stand it? If I were you, I would go crazy.°± 

°∞You are doing well enough. After analyzing numerous cases, he created his guidelines. Just know that there are far more people you saved than people you couldn't.°± 

"yes." 

Seriel was grateful. 

°∞Ah, I called you because I wanted to ask you something. Is it possible to go on a business trip?°± 

"Business trip? What is it?°± Seriel extinguished his cigarette and searched his desk. 

°∞Where have you been?°± 

Fumbling through her papers, she sat down on her floor and went through her scattered documents one by one. 

°∞Yeah, this is it. Would you like to see it once?°± 

When Shirone looked, the area where cases of emotional illness were received was marked on the map. 

°∞One red dot is 100 people. Less units will make it much more sophisticated, but that should be enough.°± 

"yes. I know what.°± 

It was obviously an abnormal distribution.

°∞Emotion-scale hospitals spread through the wind. Although humans are also included in the infection route, the contagion power is not great at the time when most countries have initiated quarantine policies. thus°¶ °¶ 

Shirone answered. 

°∞The frequency of reports of emotional illness cases should be the highest in the central continent, and should gradually decrease as you move southwest to be normal. But if you look at this map, there are empty areas here and there, as if the wind has stopped.°± 

"yes. It feels like there is a windless zone in the southern continent. At first, I thought it was invaded by demons, but when I inquired at the temple, I heard that the army of hell is blocked by the border of Calais. So this time I researched the area. Perhaps it is an administrative city of the kingdom, or a military hub.°± 

°∞Well, in that case, announcing the death might be poison to the country.°± 

°∞But no.°± 

Seriel pointed to the map. 

°∞After my research, I couldn't find any reason not to report the case. Rather, most of them were local small estates with no particular characteristics.°± 

°∞Did you send the inspector?°± 

°∞Once I reported to the superiors. If my opinion is persuasive, I will issue an emergency order, but it is unclear whether we can postpone the nobles of each country who need to be dealt with first.°± 

The issue of redemption of their property was important.

°∞It was frustrating to just wait for a decision from the superiors, so I thought about it for a while after that, but I suddenly had this thought. Maybe it's not that it hasn't been reported, but maybe there are areas that really overcome emotional illness?°± 

A moment of silence passed. 

°∞Hmm, even if that°Øs the case, isn°Øt it too big for the entire southern continent to happen simultaneously? It's not even a core city, it's a small town... °¶ 

Silenced, Syrone connected the empty spaces on the map with imaginary lines. 

°∞It°Øs the root of something.°± 

°∞It°Øs the same idea. So I researched all night. Local specialties and even farm equipment materials distributed in the region. The results do not match either one. I was blocked by a wall there, and last night I decided to try it. If goods from a certain region are being distributed to the southern continent, the place that benefits the most is the place where the goods are produced.°± 

°∞Did you investigate all of that?°± 

There was only one way to find the production site. 

°∞I took out all the reports, starting with number 1, and started scoring them one by one. Did you do that for 2 hours? I suddenly realized that there was no need for this. It reminded me of a place that had never appeared before.°± 

Shirone concentrated. 

°∞So I gave up the map and handed over the papers until I found the location. The result is 0. There are regions, no kingdoms, where no cases of emotional illness have been reported.°±

Seriel drew a border line on the southern continent, to be exact, on the southernmost kingdom of Iron. 

°∞Do you know where it is?°± 

The thought of Shirone in my head made me goosebumps. 

°∞The Kingdom of Kessia.°± 

It was where Fermi was. 

"It's a drug." 

°∞Yes, this is a drug trafficking route. It is produced in Kessia and spreads to all parts of the Southern Continent. And no cases of emotional illness are reported where this drug is distributed.°± 

"But°¶ °¶ Is it possible?°± 

°∞That's the problem. I tried all kinds of morphine, sedatives, sedatives, and even special drugs, but the symptoms of emotional illness did not abate. What is this? What kind of drug can I use to overcome emotional illness?°± Shirone covered his mouth and thought. 

'It's too suspicious to be a coincidence. Even Fermi became a drug trafficker long before the Pandemonium opened. Could you have foreseen this situation... °¶ 

The sound came out without his knowledge. 

"ah." 

There may be. 

'Fermini.' 

Shirone shook his head. 

'I honestly don't know. But it's even harder to believe that he backtracked and caught his mouse. If all of this is calculated... °¶ 

On that unforgettable day, what did Fermi suggest to himself? 

'And I... °¶

Why did you accept that offer? 

°∞Go to Kessia.°± 

Seriel, who was looking at Shirone, said while pressing the tip of the ballpoint pen with both hands. 

°∞No matter how you think about it, this is impossible for the investigator to confirm. Now that Fermi has already taken control of Kessia, he's elusive to even give an official response. I know this is a difficult request, but I want you to go and check it yourself.°± 

"okay." 

A means of suppressing emotional illness is also important, but he was a person one must meet before the holy war. 

°∞I°Øll leave now.°± 

Another Shirone left for Cathia. 

Other beliefs (2) 

The kingdom of Iron, one of the Seven Stars of the Temple, is a powerful nation representing the 8 kingdoms of the southern continent. 

Their weapons are advanced politics and capital power that are more than enough to make up for the geographical disadvantages of being located at the southernmost tip of the country. 

However, at some point, a subtle tectonic shift began to occur in the southern continent's power structure. 

It starts with the tears of an angel. 

It was the name of a hallucinogen that was openly circulating in the small kingdom of Kessia. 

°∞It°Øs quiet.°± 

The capital of Kessia was truly secluded. 

Neither the once rampant crimes and terrorism, nor the image of a girl crying after losing her home were nowhere to be found. 

Literally like a ghost town, only occasional groans leaked through the tightly closed houses. 

Fermi looked up at the hot sun.

°∞Isn°Øt this also peace?°± 

An untrimmed beard covered his lower crown in abundance, and dyed hair now rested on the ends of his long hair. 

°∞Farmus.°± 

Fermi, who turned around at the voice calling, revealed a smile like a mad joke. 

°∞Nika.°± 

Fermi is from the Central Continent, but now his southern accent came naturally. 

"what's the matter? while everyone is sleeping.°± 

A man of medium height, dark, sniffed the whole time, approached Fermi. 

°∞You found it. I was going to go to work. do you have that Angel's Tears.°± 

Commonly called Angel. 

°∞Of course it is.°± 

Fermi peered into Niaka's badly loosened pupils and rummaged through her pockets. 

°∞Inject as much as you like. Because it's no fun if you do too much. Now, take this and go back.°± 

A small plastic bag was filled with a shiny white powder like sugar. 

"thanks. but i don't have money because i can't work Would you like to go home with me? Take my wife if you don't mind.°± 

No one worked in Kessiah. 

"It's fine. Because I don°Øt need money anymore.°± 

Except for the kingdom of Iron, seven kingdoms in the southern continent were in Fermi's hands.

°∞Now, bring this to your wife. This level of service is the basis of customer hospitality.°± 

Fermi tapped Niaka on the shoulder and put another bag of drugs into her hand. 

°∞Sniff sniff.°± 

Niaka moaned, holding her envelope up to her nose and sniffing her eyelids. 

°∞Haaa. I'm going to live now.°± 

Niaka, half-focused, asked without removing her envelope from her nose. 

°∞Farmus. Aren°Øt you an angel?°± 

"Why do you think so?" 

"do not know. I just think so. Why aren't you doing this good thing? does not it hurt?" 

°∞If you enjoy me too, who will make the medicine? At least one person must protect this city. is not it?" 

" but?????? 

After a couple of sniffs, Niaka waved her hand as she returned to her house. 

°∞Thank you anyway.°± 

Fermi sent me off with a smile. 

°∞Keep your dose. It's a warning.°± 

Perhaps by tomorrow Niaka wouldn't even remember meeting Fermi. 

After staying for a while, Fermi walked down a desolate road covered with dust and rubbish. 

The symbol of the ring of gold was shining on the spire of a state-of-the-art building at the end of the block. 

°∞Are you here, Chairman?°± 

Upon entering the building, the coolness that chased away the heat of the day enveloped my skin.

"yes. What about the excavation team?°± 

The pupils of the employee who followed with a face without makeup were also slightly dilated. 

°∞I woke up two hours ago. He is waiting in the recovery room now.°± Fermi's eyes softened. 

'Three days and 17 hours in real time. The excavation work this time was quite tough.' 

Upon entering through the automatic door, a white space equipped with state-of-the-art medical equipment came out. 

There were 200 beds along the wall, and every one of them was empty. 

"what? Are you here?°± 

The bathroom door opened and Marsha, who had just washed, walked out drying her hair. 

"Where have you been? You kept looking.°± The Parrot Mercenary Corps, which has joined hands with the golden ring, has now jumped to second place in the world guild rankings. 

It was a remarkable growth in that it included all existing guilds, not just mercenary guilds. 

°∞I came to get some fresh air. It's a walk.°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ He goes out often these days. No one is on the streets anyway, so there is nothing to see, right?°± 

°∞Wouldn°Øt that be cool?°± Marsha, brooding over Fermi's words, picked up the iron box on the bed. 

"ruler. here. It was a bit difficult this time. It's dangerous ground, and it's buried too deep. It seems to have been dug in for about 200 years... °¶ 

"thank you for your effort."

Upon receiving the box, Fermi confirmed that it had never been opened by the jewel in the center. 

°∞How much can I give you?°± 

Marsha said as she put on her sweater. 

°∞Are you still Hongjeong? All the money in the 7 kingdoms was swept away, but it's not sticky.°± 

"That's why I'm asking." 

°∞I°Øll be with you for a long time, so I°Øll take it in moderation. 8 billion gold. Prepare it with bulk large gold coins.°± 

Fermi smiled. 

°∞The salary for 4 days is 8 billion gold.°± 

°∞How many people do you have in your family? If we divide everything, there is nothing left. Anyway, keep it that way. I'm going to go get a drink." 

Marsha passed by and patted her on the shoulder, said Fermi as he placed her box. 

°∞I will deliver it the way I always do.°± 

°∞Oh, and.°± 

Just before leaving her door, Marsha turned around. 

°∞I need to shave. you°¶ °¶ You haven't been to the kids since then?" 

"That's a bit of a personal matter." 

"yes. If you are, you will know how to do it well. I just thought it would be much better than taking a walk on a deserted street.°± 

As Marsha left her recovery room and her automatic door closed, Fermi looked back at her in the mirror. 

She looked like a strange person standing there. 

°∞°¶ °¶ Has it already happened?°±

If you dig up a future event that no one knows about, you will forget the present time. 

Entering her bathroom, Fermi showered her with warm water and soaped her face. 

creaking. 

Her beard, which she couldn't remember how long it had grown, peeled neatly over her skin. 

Looking intently at his own face, he grabbed his long hair and began cutting it with his razor. 

Then, when I looked in the mirror, the clean face of the person called Fermi was revealed. 

"President." 

When I came out of the bathroom naked, the secretary who had been waiting outside came in and bowed her head. 

°∞Bring me my clothes. I will go there.°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ Yes." Drunk with her angel, the accident slowed down for a moment, she understood her meaning and brought her a luxurious suit. 

Neatly buttoned up, Fermi looked at himself in front of a full-length mirror for a while. 

°∞Hmm.°± 

Thinking he was ready, he headed to a room where dozens of children were sleeping. 

IVs were inserted, and doctors in gowns were checking the time and adjusting the dosage. 

"President." 

The masked doctor lowered his head, and Fermi stepped on his shoulder. 

°∞Pe, Fermi.°± 

A woman, the only adult in the room, stood her upper body up with her glazed eyes.

It was Rachel, a comrade of Fermi's mother, Yolga, and the director of Aramones Orphanage. 

"Teacher." 

And maybe... °¶ She would also be Fermi's first love. 

The doctor flipped through the charts quickly. 

°∞Angel doses were not above average. Emotional disease is suppressed, and conscious activity is about 4 hours a day.°± 

said Rachel. 

°∞Fermi, you can°Øt do this. Doing drugs to these children? This is a great sin.°± 

It was until she 'mined' the history that her emotional illness erupted that she intended to never see it again. 

Because to Fermi, Rachel was a person who replaced Yoga and a woman. 

°∞Thanks to the medicine, I can sleep comfortably. Even the teacher knows. Without this medicine, she would suffer. There was no 

way she could not know, but Angel's long-term administration had weakened her reason. 

"I don't know. what should i do... °¶ What should I do with these children? Is this really for the best?°± 

°∞You don't have to think. because i will think don't do anything because i will solve it Teacher, just lay back and dream of her.°± 

Her Rachel eyes flickered as she looked up at Fermi as she affectionately laid herself on her bed. 

'Fermi.' 

She was like that even then.

My colleague's son, even if it was a momentary mistake, the reason why I allowed my lips to a nine-year-old boy was... 

'Because he was so brilliant and clever.' I ended up relying on that huge feeling that nothing was impossible in the world. 

°∞Fermi. me, actually you... °¶ 

°∞I will come again.°± 

As if even knowing that, Fermi blocked Rachel's mistake in advance. 

"Ahhh°¶ °¶ 

Her eyelids fluttered as she increased the amount of intravenous injection, and she fell into a deep sleep. 

°∞Let me sleep for a while. Emotional shifts or amplifications can exacerbate the disease.°± 

"All right." 

As the doctor bowed his head, Fermi looked back at the children in her nursery. 

Sometimes she had convulsions, but she was all asleep with a calm face. 

°∞Have fun.°± 

Not in real hell, but in a sweet dream. 

"President." 

When Fermi left the room, the attendant of the golden ring followed her with the sound of a shoe. 

°∞The temple conference is not far off. Before that, shouldn't we grab at least Iron, a neighboring country?°± 

°∞Leave it for now. Because you have the cards we need.°± 

In Fermi's words, she didn't have to question reliability.

"All right. Then, I will vote as a representative of the 7 Southern Kingdoms, excluding Iron.°± 

°∞Hmm.°± 

Fermi remembered Shirone. 

°∞Put that on hold too. A guest will be coming soon. Shouldn°Øt you try to match your hand to the end?°± 

"Yes. then." 

The attendant who recorded the words stopped, and Fermi entered his office alone. 

He put the box he had received from Marsha on the shelf and sat down on a chair in front of the windshield. 

'Mother.' 

Looking at the desolate city landscape, Fermi recalled the face of Yolga whom he met in Istas. 

'Do not worry. You'll do well.' 

because he is your son 

She died leaving humanity with the opportunity to choose the future. 

Although she is a heroine comparable to the polar Maze, her tendency could be said to be closer to philanthropy. 

"nice°¶ °¶ 

A vein ran up the nape of Fermi's neck. 

'Is it a start again?' 

The reason why I didn't touch the angel is because it's difficult to 'mine' history when the mind is cloudy. 

°∞To be sick.°± 

As the pain of an emotional illness pierced his whole body, the bridge of his nose contorted like that of a beast. 

What should I give up? 

He had abandoned everything except what was necessary for his own purposes.

Suddenly, Fermi's eyes filled with life, and he turned around with a terrifying expression. 

I grabbed the military knife held in his right hand with the reverse hand and slashed it down with all my might on the back of his left hand. 

bang! 

Red blood flowed down his blade, which had pierced his hand bones and even the armrests of his chair. 

°∞Tsu°± S? 

With a click on his tongue, Moon Fermi took out a cigarette and lit it, bending his head. 

°∞Whoa.°± 

Then, leaning on his back, he let out a long stream of smoke toward the scenery outside the window 

. 

°∞°¶ °¶ I feel better now.°± 

The sun was burning uncomfortably. 

Other beliefs (3) 

°∞Ok! Kuck!°± 

The place where Shirone escaped through the intestines was a dark alley in downtown Laviette. 

°∞Ugh, I feel really weird.°± 

After 20 minutes of intense bowel movement, I felt like I was excrement. 

"yes?" 

Smoke was rising from all over the city revealed through the cracks in the alley. 

°∞What is going on?°± 

At the same time, a group of people ran from the back of the alley. 

°∞The intruder is not a single guy! Find them everywhere and slaughter them! It is to show the power of the subterfuge!°± 

Unique demons with animal appearances quickly passed by Shirone.

"Hey! you!" 

A demon with a lion's face jumped off the building and landed in front of Shirone. 

"What are you? You seem to be a demon, but don't you know what the city is like right now?" 

°∞Ah, that°¶ °¶ 

The lion's face was terribly crumpled. 

°∞Did you really run away?°± 

Since Crosade, one of the 7 generals, was a demon, the shock was natural. 

°∞You pitiful child! Whatever it is! Where are the demons running away from the battlefield!°± 

The time when the demons, who pulled out their claws as sharp as blades, were about to slit their throats without mercy. 

"What's the fuss?" 

At the entrance of the alley, a woman with a cat's face approached, raising her whole body hair. 

°∞Ah, Captain!°± 

It was Oris, the 7th general of Laviet and the leader of the stealth. 

°∞What kind of ugliness is this to fight with the same demons when the city is so noisy that even if we join forces, it won°Øt be enough?°± 

°∞No, chief. This guy is a deserter. They say he got scared and ran away.°± 

Oris, looking over Shirone, thought the same as his subordinate. 

'Demons. Besides, he's an intelligent species.' 

No matter how you look at it, he was not a combat soldier, and judging from his appearance, he was quite young. 

°∞The death of a captain is a sad thing. But Buddha didn't come, so should the demons be terrified?°±

°∞Oh, sorry.°± 

It would be nice to become a deserter if I could stop the suspicion that I came down from the mountain. 

Oris stroked Shirone's hair. 

°∞Don°Øt worry. Even if Crosade was the strongest in terms of arms, war isn't just about strength, so your intellect will definitely come in handy. Let's go, I'll bring you back to the unit.°± 

As she finished speaking, Oris grabbed Shirone and sent her body flying like an arrow. 

"wow." 

It is not inferior to Shirone in terms of speed, but what surprised me was his amazing sense of balance. 

'Certainly different from humans.' 

°∞Huh, don°Øt be surprised. If you train hard, someday you will be able to run as fast as me. Well, it's a problem because the demons didn't put much effort into it.°± 

Oris, who wanted to leave a glorious memory for Shirone, continued her words. 

°∞You are Ji Seongjong. To overcome instinct and run away means that in a sense, intelligence is excellent. But demons cannot leave their enemies behind.°± 

"Yes. I will not run away anymore.°± It was sincere. 

It would be easier to fight if the fleeing person was rather noticeable. 

"Ho Ho! But don't worry too much. This Oris will take care of all intruders.°± 

Arriving in the city center where the 7th general's allied troops are located, Shirone joined the Special SWAT team. 

°∞°¶ °¶ Did you escape?°±

The 7th Squad Leader Ishak, who had heard the explanation from the Stealth Corps member, gave him a contemptuous look. 

'Tch, it's like a weak intelligence species.' If it wasn't an urgent situation anyway, he would have been a guy who stayed at his desk and played numbers. 

°∞I deserve to die right away, but think of Oris-sama's face, I'll let you go this time. Hurry in!°± 

"Ah yes." 

When Shirone intervened between the demons of the 7th Squad, it was as if they were seeing a giant and a dwarf. 

°∞What is this kid? Can you fight with a body like that? No matter how strong the demons are... °¶ 

"Leave it alone. My mind has already rotted away, so is there anything special about becoming an adult?°± 

Ishak shouted. 

"quiet! Reports came in that the enemy had been spotted 200 meters to the west. Is everyone ready?°± 

"Yes!" 

The devil's answer boomed, and Shirone's voice added a part to the sound waves. 

°∞Let°Øs put an end to it!°± 

In line with the 7th Squad's call for dispatch, 200 demons rushed at breakneck speed. 

'Who the hell is the intruder, is this a mess?' 

Even while matching their pace, the question did not leave Shirone's head. 

He was initially told that he was of the Ma race. 

However, defeating one of the 7 generals was the result of breaking the limits of the species. 

°∞There!°±

A woman was rampaging as Gimara's men in armor hit a barricade. 

°∞Kik! Squeak!°± 

Shirone's expression changed to bewilderment. 

'Son Yu-jeong?' 

To think that the person who invaded Laviette was an actual monkey, not a devil. 

°∞Queek! You are too weak!°± With each swing of the two clubs, the security guard's armor shattered. 

"attack! Deal with it before escaping the encirclement!°± 

Following Ishak, 200 of her SWAT team charged at her simultaneously. 

'This isn't it.' 

Even as she was inevitably swept away by the army, Shirone sensed the futility of the battle. 

'Great granddaughter of Jecheon Daeseong.' 

According to Omega, Son Oh-gong was the martial god with the longest record of a bloody fight against Ymir. 

'But why in hell?' Above all, it was not real. 

Feeling her ultima, she was just a special sign of the stage before being defined as a creature. 

'The alter ego. Then the main body is separate... 

Her string ability is similar to Hexa, but there was a difference in that it could never be real. 

'Actually, that reality is everything.' 

After all, half-force. 

Nevertheless, Son Yu-jeong's inaction overwhelmed the entire Special Mobility and Security Forces.

°∞Knock-knock! It's this way! this way!" 

Son Yu-jung, who was wandering around the city, turned around and approached Ishak. 

Ishak also blew the power by generating electricity from the horn, but rather, his arm was cut off. 

°∞Big!°± 

Although she was prepared for death, Son Yoo-jung escaped as if she had established the principle of one-man strike. 

°∞That child°¶ °¶ !°± 

Ishaq, furious at the monkey's play, turned his head away, but was devastated. 

His 200 men were being beaten with clubs, unable to compete in uniformity. 

°∞What the hell is that?°± 

As his men disappeared to the ground one by one, the figure of Shirone emerged. 

Ishak shouted, bloodshot. 

"you idiot! fight!°± 

Standing on the edge of aggression, Shirone seemed more hated than the intruder. 

°∞You stupid child! I should have killed it with my own hands... °¶ !°± 

As if expressing his feelings, Son Yu-jeong swung her club at Shirone. 

'finished.' 

It really did look like that. 

But when he got out of the optical illusion, an unbelievable situation came to his head. 

°∞What, what?°± 

It was Shiro who avoided the blow that even he himself couldn't see. 

'Quantum motion.'

When nothing caught the club for the first time, Son Yu-jeong's alter ego shone with interest. 

°∞Ukki?°± 

Shirone recalled Magritte's 7 percent suppression rate. 

'If you get closer to Yahweh by 93% or more, the hidden code will be unlocked. I have to stay in the city until Lethe leaves.' Son Yoo-jung's alter ego was annoyed. 

°∞Kiyiik!°± 

No matter how many attacks he continued, it was impossible to even touch Shirone, let alone hit him. 

'As expected, the alter ego's intellect is remarkably low. It's just mechanically spitting out a few words.' 

If you couldn't use Geun-duk-un, which belongs to the art of incarnation, your alter ego was actually less than half. 

'What were the attributes of the demons?' fire and electricity. 

'Then I... °¶ 

As she moved from place to place with a quantum movement, Son Yoo-jung's alter ego made an angry expression. 

Perhaps animal senses. 

It was to experience and be wary of the probability of a phenomenon that cannot exist in the natural world. 

It was just approaching from behind, but Son Yoo-jung's alter ego screamed. 

°∞Kiiiii!°± 

Then, wielding the club, twisting her body with all the strength the alter ego could produce. 

A red afterimage passes vainly over Shirone's head with her head bowed... °¶ . 

'Electric Photon Cannon.' 

A sphere of blue electricity flashed terrifyingly over Shirone's grip.

'Eat this.' 

At the same time as it was thrown into the abdomen, all of Son Yoo-jung's hair stood on end. 

....... 

She was standing with her mouth wide open, unable to even let out a scream, and collapsed in front of her. 

°∞Whoa, that°Øs embarrassing.°± 

In order to hear how she got here, she has to meet her body, but that foreshadows another problem. 

"you you°¶ °¶ 

Meanwhile, Ishak was looking at Shirone with a bewildered expression. 

'It is the characteristic of demons to handle fire and electricity. But no matter how you look at it, that movement... °¶ 

It was not an ability granted to a single demon. 

°∞Name, no.°± 

Ishak, who grabbed his broken shoulder and stood up, knelt down on Shirone. 

°∞May I ask your name, Mr. Loyal?°± 

"Yes?" 

°∞I°Øm sorry I didn°Øt notice before. A person with a different level of demons from demons like us. It was disrespectful to a being who inherited Satan°Øs spirit, not his flesh or blood.°± There was no explanation unless it was a hidden code that only a few bloodlines could inherit. 

Ishaq raised his head again. 

°∞I hope you will be honored to hear the name°¶°± 

Shirone searched through Omega's records to find a name that suited her. 

°∞Yuppie.°±

°∞Oh, you look great. It's a title that fits the royal look, even though it's intelligent.°± 

There are over 4,000 words for lies in Hell, and the nuance of YUPI was 'short lies'. When someone asks how you are doing in passing, if you just reply that you are doing well, that is Yuffie. 

°∞Yuppie, please be the captain of the special riot squad. I will serve you with all my heart.°± 

I didn't want to stand out as much as possible, but when I thought about it, the propensity of the demons was the exact opposite of reality. 

'It'll be weird if I refuse here.' It feels like an employee shouting that he will work more even though the boss told him to leave. 

'The strong one must rule.' It was the rule of hell. 

"great. If there is no one stronger than me in SWAT, I will let you lead.°± 

°∞I can say for sure. Even though he is never weak in the squad, he is not even up to Yufi-nim's toes.°± 

After discarding his severed forearm without regret, Ishak took Shirone back to the city center. 

As if Son Yu-jeong's alter ego had swept away, the corpses of demons could be seen here and there. 

'It's a real mess. At this rate, I will destroy Laviette in a few days.' 

°∞Wait a moment.°± 

Having said that, Ishak walked into the temporary tent of the commander's barracks. 

°∞Based on the current time, it is being captured at blocks 13, 27, and 66°¶ °¶ . What are you?"

When Executioner Captain Ithaca cut off his explanation, the three generals looked back at the same time. 

°∞Ah, I have something to report urgently, so I risked my disrespect to come. sorry." 

A huge demon with the skin distorted like a burn blocked Ishak. 

It was the captain of the garrison, Mornom. 

°∞If you know it°Øs rude, don°Øt do it. What's up? And what about the biceps again? Did you get hit?°± 

His face was drooping, and he had only one eye, and his lips had been burnt, leaving all of his teeth exposed. 

"Yes. But I did kill one.°± 

The eyebrows of Ithaca, who had been listening gloomily with his pods on, twitched for a moment. 

°∞So, let me give you some information°¶ °¶ 

Oris cut her off. 

°∞Have you been hurt? really you?°± 

If incoming reports are correct, they are currently the only unit to subdue the intruders by force. 

°∞No, I didn't do it. With Satan°Øs protection, there is one devil who excels in the SWAT team.°± 

Guimara asked. 

°∞Where are you now?°± 

°∞Waiting outside the tent°¶ °¶ 

Ithaca spat out before he could finish his words. 

°∞Let it in.°± 

Moments later, when Ishak brought a demon child into the barracks, silence fell. 

'Are you small? Demons have strong physical abilities. How did you get rid of the intruder?'

At that moment, Oris' eyes widened. 

"uh? you?" 

As everyone in her turned to look at her, her syronee awkwardly raised the corners of her mouth. 

°∞Haha, how are you?°± 

Other Beliefs (4) 

Archduke's Laboratory. 

Lethe studied her surroundings meticulously, maintaining her awkward silence. 

No trace could be found. 

°∞Merkede, long time no see. How are you?°± 

Hiding the tension in her heart, Merkede bent her knees. 

°∞Hello, boss.°± It was an unusual start when he greeted her instead of her grand duke. 

°∞Grand Duke.°± 

Lethe's eyes darkened again. 

°∞Why?°± 

°∞What you mean, if you cut the front and back like that, even I can°Øt figure it out.°± 

°∞Why are you helping Yahweh?°± They would take it off if they wanted to catch it, but a more embarrassing situation than now was not their taste. 

Lethe said. 

°∞An error has occurred in the purification system. A human broke the chains of Gehenna. I sent the chief of staff to look into it, but it leaked somewhere else, so I came here myself.°± 

Magritte brushed his beard. 

'That's how it happened. If Monolas had come first, I would of course have been on the side of the painter.'

It's not like first come first served. 

'The concept of coincidence is nothing but human logic. That this current situation is only the result of a cause that started 500 million or even 1 billion years ago.' 

Originally, the Archduke had two options. 

'To support Lete's will to maintain hell, and to serve Satan's will to reverse the situation.' 

Shirone arrived first. 

'The breaking of Gehenna's chain was, of course, an error for Lethe. But it is an opportunity for Satan.' 

Because it means that if Jin Seong-eum's karma can be purified, the psychic realm will open again. 

°∞Lethe.°± 

Magritte chose war. 

°∞When the karmic chain is broken, it means that the will of man has denied hell. This is a matter of implementation, not a solution. The era is coming to an end. Can°Øt we just watch Satan do it?°± 

Assuming that the premises that have not yet been revealed are true, the archduke's words make sense. 

°∞Since when did Hell accept Yahweh? No, why are they obsessed with O......°± 

Yahweh? 

°∞Even if you didn't go all the way to Lucifer or Behemoth, there were people who couldn't hate philanthropy. So is the Archduke. It is completely incomprehensible to me.°± 

°∞Because I am not a demon.°± 

Lethe was the manager.

°∞When I was first born in Hell, I was a demon with the highest abilities as an intelligent species. I fought, conquered, and studied without any envy in the world.°± 

Magritte recalled that time. 

°∞I thought it was a great place. A world where those who prove their strength monopolize everything. To me, philanthropy was an illogical and even violent concept.°± 

Lethe listened intently. 

°∞Then why hate? For we are the illegitimate children of fraternity. That's the systemic aspect. Is it a fate that occurs according to the priority of processing, that human emotions must exist before demons are born?°± Upon entering the manager's realm, Lethe's eyes became indifferent like a machine. 

°∞It's fine up to that point. The problem is that Yahweh denies it. He is the one who reverses the process. Terrorists in the system. He shudders at the audacity to say that he did not throw it away after packing it up in vulgar language, and even that there was nothing wrong with him.°± 

Magritte smiled bitterly. 

°∞Even if you can't analyze like Ji Seong-jong, demons have had that feeling since they were born. But sometimes there are cases of repentance. Why?°± 

Lethe didn't answer. 

°∞Because it's ironclad. The confidence to speak without any remorse is so disgusting, hateful, and I want to tear it apart... °¶ 

Also, it's so shameless.

°∞I wonder if that°Øs really the case.°± °∞Couldn°Øt Yahweh have done nothing wrong? Aren't we misunderstanding? If he doesn't abandon us, the demons will someday... °¶ 

Magritte pointed to the ceiling. 

°∞Couldn°Øt we reach the true world by regurgitating the processes of this system?°± 

It is called 'salvation' with the feeling of hatred. 

Oris was embarrassed. 

'That kid killed the intruder? He was a deserter who fled from the battlefield in terror.' 

Ishak introduced. 

°∞This person's name is Yuffie. He is of royal blood, inheriting the spirit of Satan.°± 

The 7th general's expression changed suddenly. 

Royal was a lineage that could rise to the title of a commander in the army of hell or even a duke. 

Ithaca turned to Oris. 

°∞Does he know you?°± 

"yes? Uh, so?????? 

Shirone quickly noticed and answered instead. 

°∞I got help a little while ago. He taught me the true path of the demons when I had no courage and ran away.°± 

°∞No, what. Not to that extent.°± Mo Ohnom raised her one eye as Oris scratched the bridge of her nose with her cat's claws. 

°∞So, what do you want to say to us? Do you want a reward for killing an intruder 

?°± 

Ishaq bowed his head.

°∞I would like to recommend Yuffie as the leader of the SWAT team. Please let us lead.°± 

"dog sound!" 

Mornom smashed the table. 

°∞Crossade was the strongest warrior. Do you think that insignificant fellow can take his place?°± 

°∞Moonom.°± 

Ishak opened his eyes. 

°∞You can treat me as badly as you like. But, please be careful with Yuffie.°± 

As a demon, I should have said something, but I was still in a bad mood. 

"huh! That's when you really became a captain. Are you saying that Yufi is as strong as General 7?°± Ishak shut his mouth. 

If he was of royal blood, he would eventually rise to the top, but compared to the 7th general, he had little experience. 

°∞I am of the same opinion.°± 

Ithaca said with her pods intertwined. 

°∞I admit that YUPI has achieved the desired results, but the enemy that has achieved it is an illusion. He is one entity.°± 

'what?' 

Shirone turned around in surprise. 

'Executioner Captain Ithaca.' 

The fact that he was the only one of the 7 generals of royal lineage was proved by his words earlier. 

'He defined it as an illusion, not an alter ego. That the precision of the search matches my senses.' 

Although, of course, it is limited to the senses.

°∞Don°Øt do this. Currently, virtual images are spreading in the city. one of them is real. I will propose a military service medal to the first person who kills him.°± 





Ithaca turned to Shirone. 

"And if yuffie catches the entity, I'll recommend a captain's position in addition to the military medal 

." 

°∞Cheuk, that°Øs fine.°± 

Maunom readily accepted. 

°∞It°Øs all right, sweetie. If he had faced us directly, he would have no chance of winning, but luck also plays a role in this.°± 

Ithaca still had a cold voice. 

°∞Competition is good, but do it in moderation. If it gets in the way of your mission, I will punish you. If necessary, imagine a means for the four of us to cooperate.°± 

°∞It must be six.°± 

Seven generals simultaneously shut their mouths. 

°∞Looks like there are two more in the dark over there. It has a very quiet aura.°± 

As soon as Shirone finished speaking, a voice came from behind Ithaca. 

°∞He°Øs a pretty nimble guy.°± 

It must have been a hundred fours with the captain of the night guard, but he still hadn't revealed himself. 

°∞But we lose the bet. Don't worry too much. If you feel like dying, I will help you.°± 

The presence has disappeared. 

°∞Is it an all-out war after a while? Since there is no Crosade, the Military Merit Medal must be mine.°±

Moonom prepared to mobilize, but Shirone was the first to leave the barracks. 

"Let's go, Ishak." 

General 7 had a dazed look on his face, and Ishak, who was following Shirone, did the same. 

'The atmosphere is different from before.' 

Compared to when he was stigmatized as a deserter, he felt stronger will than anyone else. 

'Well, since you're of royal blood, it's only natural that your blood boils in competition.' 

Although the interpretation was wrong, Shirone was actually taking this incident seriously. 

'I have to find Son Yoo-jung.' The strength of General 7, which he personally felt, was by no means weak, but it must have been irresistible nonetheless. 

'If it's Son Yu-jeong, it won't take three days to destroy Laviette.' 

Magritte's plans are also disrupted. 

°∞I°Øll pass the fake and find the real one. He probably won't be able to catch up, so collect his troops.°± 

Before he could hear the answer, Shirone's body turned into a flash of light and flew up into the sky. 

°∞Hey Royal°¶ °¶ 

Ishak trembled with emotion. 

As General 7 was deployed in earnest, Son Yu-jeong's alter ego began to rapidly diminish. 

°∞Ha ha ha! what? It's nothing!°± 

Moo Nom's body, which continued to evolve biologically, was gradually becoming grotesque. 

°∞Huh!°±

As the thorns spewed out from the body, Son Yu-jeong's alter egos in a radius of 30 meters were pierced. 

°∞Kyik! Kick!°± 

The alter egos, which groped for the thorns and screamed, turned into light after a while 

. 

°∞Sheesh! Is it all bad?°± 

Moonom's face contorted. 

'Even if it's fake, it's too weak. Did Crosade really get hurt by this guy?' 

There was no special camaraderie among the demons, but they acknowledged and respected each other. 

°∞I cannot forgive you.°± 

A roar erupted from the other side of the building as the lipless teeth were grinding. 

Sensing an unusual shock, he turned around to see that the 7-story building was collapsing. 

Are you there?°± 

°∞Haaaaagh!°± 

Oris, hammering her claws into the floor, let out her menacing sound into her bleeding face. 

In her eyes, she could see Son Yu-jeong walking slowly, burning with golden light. 

'Really strong.' 

To the extent that it was impossible to say what was strong, all of his combat abilities were the best. 

Richera burst out laughing. 

°∞Puhahaha! It's ugly, beggar-like demons. Yoojung Son! Hurry up and sever your limbs.°± Oris remained silent even at the mere human mockery. 

'The body that I saw taking that human with me. The level is different from fake. If we leave it like this, the city will collapse.'

Oris, determined to die with her foe, pulled her ass back and all her hair bristled. 

"yes?" 

The moment Son Yu-jeong tilted her head, a black shadow rushed at her with terrifying speed. 

°∞Kiyaaaaaong!°± 

The time the body arrived was before the eyelids were even half closed. 

°∞Slow.°± 

Son Yu-jeong had already turned around and swung her sword at the back of Oris's head. 

'I'm angry.' 

It was the moment when she, losing her will to fight, resigned herself to everything and withdrew her strength from her body. 

"yes?" 

The afterimage of the red demon was reflected in the cat's eyes. 

Without even time to respond, Shirone pushed Oris and dug into Son Yoo-jung. 

'If this guy is the main body... °¶ 

Even teeth wouldn't fit with ordinary power. 

'He hits the incarnation directly.' 

As the Miracle Stream was compressed with the Photon Cannon, it hit Yoo-Jung Son's abdomen with a full blow. 

°∞Huh!°± 

Shocked by her force majeure, she let out a scream and flew out of her sight. 

Oris, who had been watching the scene collapsed against her wall, slowly turned her head. 

°∞????Yuppie?°± 

The young devil held out his hand. 

" it's okay?" 

Training limits (1)

After staring at Shirone's face for a while, Oris came to his senses and joined hands. 

°∞Oh, yes. thanks. By the way°¶ °¶ Even her torso vision left nothing in her memory. 

°∞How did you do it?°± 

There was no way to explain the realization of the destruction of the incarnation following the quantum movement. 

'I can't even explain it.' 

Now, it was Yufi, not Yahweh. 

°∞It's not over yet. You're not the kind of person who deserves to be beaten like this, so please stay away for now.°± 

Oris pursed her lips. 

'What, are you ignoring me now? That is unfair.' 

Even so, the reason she can't answer is because she directly confirmed Son Yu-jeong's inaction. 

°∞I have nothing to say since we lost in a head-to-head battle, but how about we fight together? Enough bait for me... °¶ 

At that time, the side wall exploded with a bang, and Moonom, who evolved into a grotesque body, arrived. 

°∞Whoa!°± 

One of his arms was huge like a crab, and his head was elongated so that the back of his head reached his back. 

Shirone realized. 

'Super evolution.' 

It was not simply a mutation applied to the body, but the function of the brain had evolved. 

As if to prove that fact, Moonom guessed the situation by looking around once. 

°∞Did you fly over there?°± 

It was a great bass.

°∞Moonom, the enemy is stronger than expected. All 7 generals must work together. Especially the power of Yuffie.°± 

Maunom's one-eyed stared at Shirone. 

°∞°¶ °¶ is it?" 

The violent temperament revealed in the barracks was controlled by Ji Sung's eyes. 

°∞If you say so, you must be of royal blood. But I am a warrior trained for 100 million years. I'm not the type to back down without a fight.°± 

The evolution of the monomome is based on mutation. 

°∞I beat the odds of 2.7 percent to get to Generation 4 Disruption. I can kill you.°± 

If someone other than General 7 defeated the enemy, it would be embarrassing to Crosade. 

When Mo Onom looked around, Son Yu-jeong was walking towards her, blowing smoke from her mouth. 

"you." 

Her expression was serious. 

°∞That thing you just did to me, what kind of technique is it?°± 

The reason why the warlike woman asked for a conversation first wasn't simply because she was strong. 

She 'cracked the incarnation.' 

Feeling the heaviness of the Buddha in the attack of a single demon tribe was an illusion that could not happen. 

'It's a blow with enlightenment. That too°¶ °¶ 

If it felt like being hit by Nane, it meant that the depth of the realm was comparable to that of Buddha. 

There was no choice but to be embarrassed in front of Yu-jeong and Deuk-do, who had no fear in the world.

While Shirone was still silent, Moone approached her. 

°∞Did you kill Crosade?°± 

It literally looked like something you would see in hell, but Son Yoo-jung did not look at her for more than one second. 

The red robe aimed at Shirone. 

"Answer me. What is identity? How do you know the true intention of the sect... °¶ 

bang! 

Moonom's huge fist slammed the side of Son Yu-jeong and crashed into the wall. 

°∞Tsk. Nothing.°± 

As she raised her fist, Son Yu-jeong, who was also stamped on the wall of her organism like a chapter, was writing her impression. 

"You wanna die?" 

As her Son Yu-jeong finally focused on herself, a satisfied mother turned her shoulders around. 

°∞It sure is solid. But°¶ °¶ 

The air vibrated with a whimper, and Moo Nom threw a huge ball and fired a series of hits. 

°∞Just hit it until it breaks.°± Her eyes widened as Son Yu-jeong nimbly twisted her waist and tried to approach her. 

"yes?" 

As if she had expected it, her furry fist hit her, sharply changing her trajectory. 

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang! 

With dozens of shots being fired almost simultaneously, her mind became complicated. 

'I don't think it's that fast, how are you predicting my movements?'

Having reached the 4th generation cataclysm through super-evolution, Mo Onom's IQ reached a whopping 1,700. 

'It seems, all the variables. No matter how you move, I never miss.' 

The speed of continuous hitting increased. 

°∞Ha ha ha! die! I am the strongest demon!" 

Oris murmured. 

°∞Fourth Generation Cataclysm. I was prepared to die and evolved over and over again. But with that ability... °¶ 

I don't know if I can defeat Son Yoo-jung. 

"no." 

Shirone shook her head. 

°∞Not quite like that.°± In fact, the one whose face was distorted was Moo-nom, who repeatedly struck. 

°∞Big!°± 

hard? 

No, the taste of hitting is definitely alive. 

°ÆThen it means that they are creatures made of flesh and blood. But, but why?' Moonom, who had reached the limit of apnea 

, screamed. 

°∞It won°Øt break!°± 

Realizing that Yuffie was right, Oris immediately kicked off the ground and threw herself. 

Two 7 generals launched a coordinated attack, but it was Son Yu-jeong who overpowered them. 

°∞I can°Øt, you guys. You are not qualified.°± 

Son Yu-jeong, who was brandishing two clubs, suddenly twisted her back. 

"die."

As tremendous kinetic energy was generated, time slowed down and the surrounding buildings bent outwards. 

'uh?' 

Oris pursed her lips. 

'Can you see it this time?' 

A red club was moving along the space as if it were being separated into several pieces. 

In the seesaw of time, she couldn't move a single fingertip, and neither did Mo Onom. 

'I can't avoid it.' 

The 1,700 IQs analyzed the current situation with brutal clarity. 

'finished.' 

It was to die, and neither Oris, nor Moonom, nor even Son Yu-jeong doubted that fact. 

clear future. 

And Shirone, like that law, cast a miracle stream on frozen events. 

Hand of God - the skill of the hand. The seesaw of time unraveled the moment the palm of light swept away Oris and Moonom. 

Aaaaaaaang! 

Buildings within a radius of several tens of meters were blown up, but General 7 was not included. 

Son Yu-jeong, who exhaled smoke from her mouth, glared over her shoulder. 

°∞What is this again?°± 

The feeling that a certain event has disappeared. 

But since it's impossible, the correct answer would be to make them mistaken for disappearing. 

'Is that possible? At the level of the law?'

I was thrilled, but the bizarreness that exceeded the normal level rather chilled the accident. 

'This is something Buddha would not do.' because it's not the truth 

'But I never thought that I was inferior to Buddha. then°¶ °¶ 

is it god 

After a while, the hand of light that put down Oris and Moonom turned white and evaporated. 

"uh? what?" 

Oris looked around her, and Mo Onom opened her mouth in a bewildered look. 

I don't know how the 1,700 IQ was analyzed, but he didn't open his mouth at the end. 

Shirone blocked their way. 

'This is the limit.' 

If Son Yu-jeong invoked Hwa-an-Geum-jeong, Yahweh's identity would also be discovered. 

°∞I will take care of the intruder. The two generals go to Ithaca and get a new strategy.°± 

Moonom's one eye was full of strength. 

°∞Don°Øt talk nonsense. we are demons Don't you know what it means to run away from an enemy?" 

Shirone was not a demon. 

°∞Heh, Royal is always like that. The same goes for Ithaca. Just like a human being, only looking for efficiency... °¶ 

°∞Moonom.°± 

Shirone said coldly. 

°∞Go.°± 

Feeling pierced by the gaze of perhaps 90 percent Yahweh, Oris trembled in her body.

'To think that I, the 7th general, was afraid.' 

On the one hand, a sweet and strange feeling that I had never experienced in my life covered my whole body. 

'I, that demon... °¶ 

Of course, if this aura were amplified and reached 100%, affection would change to hatred. 

Oris took Mornom's arm. 

"let's go. She'd better leave it to Yuffie for now. Ithaca would feel the same way.°± 

°∞Keugh!°± 

In the end, Moonem gave up and left, and Oris turned to Shirone. 

°∞Be careful, Yufi.°± 

In front of the cat's expression, expecting a friendly touch, Shirone's heart was heavy. 

'I shouldn't call it Yuffie.' 

She wasn't trying to mock them. 

°∞I°Øll be right there.°± 

Oris, whose face lit up at Shirone's smile, nodded her head and threw her body away. 

Son Yoo-jung asked her. 

°∞Can you tell me now?°± 

The reason I had been watching until now was the look in Shirone's eyes as he slowly turned around. 

"Huh, now you're showing your true colors." He had clear eyes that seemed to wash his mind just by looking into his eyes. 

°∞°¶ °¶ Did you send me?°± 

°∞Hmm.°± 

Son Yu-jeong, who felt like she was talking to Buddha, stroked her chin and fell into thought.

'I really don't know. Seeing that he doesn't recite Gingoju, it doesn't seem like he's on par with Buddha.' 

Shirone is aware of Gingoju, but to be effective, she must be 100% Yahweh. 

°∞Go back and tell me. I°Øm busy anyway, so take care of the troublesome stuff on your own.°± 

Son Yoo-jung's eyebrows twitched. 

°∞Well, okay. From now on, you can ask the woman. Are you ready to fight?°± 

°∞Let°Øs move places.°± Preferably to a place without Oris. " Place'?" 

Son Yoo-jung, who lowered her center of gravity, shot the body heated like molten iron like an arrow. 

°∞Knock-knock! Why do I care about that?°± 

'It's like a thunderclap.' 

Shiro, who distorted her nose, activated her 93% Yahweh and struck her down. 

Kurrurrurrung! 

The city shook and a huge cloud of dust rose into the sky. 

Lethe hit the table. 

°∞No matter what Yahweh's essence is, the position of the chemical company remains the same. The Archduke is making a big mistake now.°± 

°∞What do you mean°¶ °¶ 

Tired of being on a squirrel treadmill, Lethe coldly raised her body. 

°∞¥Î∞¯≤≤º≠ ºˆƒ°∏¶ ∏∏•¥Ÿ∏È, ¿˙µµ ∂»∞∞¿Ã «ÿ µÂ∏Æ¡“. ¿Ã∞˜ø°º≠ ±‚¥Ÿ∏Æ ∞⁄Ω¿¥œ¥Ÿ. 1≥‚¿ÃµÁ 100≥‚¿ÃµÁ, ¥Î∞¯ ¿« ∞≈¡˛∏ª¿∫ µÈ≈Î¿Ã ≥™∞‘ µ«æÓ ¿÷æÓ ø‰.°±

°∞¿˙¥¬ ¡∂øÎ»˜ ø¨±∏«œ¥¬ ∞Õ¿ª º±»£ «œ¥¬ ∏∂¡∑¿‘¥œ¥Ÿ.°±

∑π≈◊∞° ΩŒ¥√«œ∞‘ øÙæ˙¥Ÿ.

°∞¿Ã¡¶æﬂ ∞Ã¿Ã ≥™Ω ¥œ±Ó? ¿Œ∆˜∏ﬁ¿Ã ≈Õø°∞‘ ∆˜¬¯µ«¡ˆ æ ¿∫ ∞«, ∏Ææ»¿Ã æ∆¡˜ Ω««ËΩ«ø° ¿÷¥Ÿ¥¬ ∂Ê¿Ã¡ˆø‰.°±

∑π≈◊∞° Ω««ËΩ«¿« ¿Âƒ°µÈ¿ª «‘∫Œ∑Œ ªÏ««¿⁄ ∏∂±◊∏Æ∆Æ∞° ≥™¡˜«œ∞‘ ¿œ∑∂ ¥Ÿ.

°∞øππŒ«— ±‚∞Ë¿‘¥œ¥Ÿ.°±

°∞±◊∑Ø¥œ±Ó ∏ª¿ª «ÿø‰! ¥Î∞¯ø°∞‘ ºˆ ƒ°∏¶ ¡÷∞‘ «œ¡ˆ ∏ª∂ı æÍ±‚¿‘¥œ¥Ÿ!°±

°∞¿˙¥¬ º”¿Ã¥¬ ∞‘ æ¯Ω¿¥œ¥Ÿ. ªÁ¿Â¥‘ ¿« ∏∂¿Ω¿∫ æÀ∞⁄¡ˆ∏∏, ¿Ã∞« Ω√∞£ ≥∂ ∫Ò¿‘¥œ¥Ÿ.°±

°∞»Ô!°±

∑π≈◊¥¬ ∏ﬁ∏£ƒ…µ•ø°∞‘ ¥Ÿ∞°∞¨¥Ÿ.

°∞º÷¡˜»˜ ∏ª«ÿ ¡‡, ∏ﬁ∏£ƒ…µ•. ¿Ã Ω« «ËΩ«ø° æﬂ»—≥™ ∏Ææ»¿Ã ¿÷¥¬ ∞Õ¿ª ∫ª ¿˚¿Ã ¿÷¥œ?°±

°∞æ∆, æ∆¥¢. æ¯¥¬µ•ø‰.°±

∏∂±◊∏Æ∆Æ¿« ¥´∏≈∞° ∞°¥√æÓ¡≥¥Ÿ.

¥Î∞¯¿« ¡§Ω≈¿Ã∂Û∏È ∑π≈◊ø°∞‘ ¿˙«◊ «“ ºˆ ¿÷¡ˆ∏∏ ∏ﬁ∏£ƒ…µ•¥¬ ∞ﬂµ¡ˆ ∏¯ «“ ≈Õø¥¥Ÿ.

°∞∞∆¡§«œ¡ˆ ∏∂. ¿˝¥Î∑Œ ≥ ø°∞‘ «««ÿ ∞° ∞°¡ˆ æ ∞‘ «“∞‘. ±◊≥… «—∏∂µ∏∏ «œ∏È µ≈.°±

°∞æ∆¥œø°ø‰. ¿˙¥¬ ∏¯ ∫√æÓø‰.°±

∏ﬁ∏£ƒ…µ•¥¬ ∞≈¿« øÔ µÌ«— «•¡§¿Ãæ˙ ¥Ÿ.

°∞≥ ¥¬ æÀ∞Ì ¿÷æÓ. ±◊∑∏¡ˆ? ¿⁄, ∞Ì ∞≥ µπ∏Æ¡ˆ ∏ª∞Ì ≥™∏¶ ∫¡. ≥ª ¥´¿ª ∫∏∂Û∞Ì.°±

The succubus, who had been hit directly by Lethe's gaze, felt fear as if it would blow its mind away. 

'uh? Huh?' 

No matter how much a child does, in the end it can't fool her mother's eyes.

'If I do this, I'll get caught.' 

Merkede, realizing that a signal of deceit was floating in her pupils, made a decision. 

°∞Lethe.°± 

she smiled faintly. 

"Really." 

Just as Lethe, who read her eyes, was about to scream, Merkede's head exploded. 

"ah°¶ °¶ !°± 

Lethe, her body rocking back and forth in her mental shock, stared blankly at her faceless corpse. 

°∞Me, Merkede.°± 

The memories of her laughing and chatting with her flashed through her mind without missing a single scene. 

Magritte came. 

°∞Stop going back. I'll have to clean up the lab. I will give you a separate message.°± 

Lethe tightened her eyes and turned her head. 

°∞Grand Duke, I said°¶ °¶ 

°∞Would you like to ask me too?°± 

The Grand Duke would never make the same choice, but his words increased Lethe's guilt infinitely. 

'I'm sorry, Merkede.' 

Like Gaia in the real world, all of her demons were of equal value to Lethe. 

°∞This is the last time. Next time I come back, I will never back down.°± 

In order not to make Merkede's determination meaningless, Lethe promised her future. 

As the laboratory door closed, Magritte raised the hand of his faceless corpse and kissed the back of his hand.

°∞Rest in peace.°± 

Limits of training (2) 

After purifying Merkede with pure demon, Magritte opened the warehouse door. 

°∞Come out.°± 

In her unpurified body, Lian revealed her face with one eye closed. 

I don't know what conversations they had. 

However, it was possible to intuit that someone had died just by looking at the Archduke's eyes. 

When Lian came out of the warehouse, Magritte busily ran around and took his experimental tools. 

It was originally something Merkede had to do. 

°∞I don't have much time. Originally, I planned to do a deep study on you, but I'll start remodeling right away.°± 

Lethe was going to come back. 

°∞Why are you doing this?°± °∞°¶ °¶ What does that mean?" 

°∞The succubus is dead, and Lethe is gone. She must have been precious to you too.°± 

°∞Isn°Øt that what you mean? When the boss comes back, it won't be the same then. This is your final warning. It is the last consideration given to us.°± 

°∞That is what I want to say.°± Lian was embarrassed. 

°∞If Lethe is like Satan, she can't just go back to this. She's serious about it. Why are you helping us when you know?°± 

°∞Hmm.°± 

Magritte stopped his hand.

°∞Lethe-nim is a good person. He's cool-headed and fair, but he has a lot of affection. That's an inclination that doesn't go with Hell. But don't forget, Lethe-nim 

is not a demon.°± 

He turned his head away with cold eyes. 

°∞I am the manager of this world. They are different in nature from us, even different from Satan.°± 

°∞That doesn°Øt mean she has a change of heart.°± 

" mind?" 

Magritte laughed. 

°∞Then tell me. I honestly don't know. When Merkede died, Lady Lethe backed down even when the fate of Hell was at stake. If so, is it the mind? or not°¶ °¶ 

the terrible truth. 

°∞Is it programmed that way?°± °∞According to the boss, I sent the chief secretary Monoras to consult you about your error. But he did not come, Yahweh arrived first. Do you think you're lucky? I don't see it that way. Because Monolas is also a manager.°± 

°∞What are you talking about°¶ °¶ 

°∞How can a human being who lives only a few decades understand the great natural law? However, the lord you serve must be somewhat suspicious. Because it's such a level of mental ability. What I am trying to say is how much is real and how much is illusion.°± 

Magritte confirmed Lian's scan information.

°∞Your ability is based on the user of this world, that is, the master identity code. The reason why Gehenna's chain was broken must be an error that occurred when its authority transcended the system. So, are you a being from the outside world?°± 

Lian couldn't answer. 

°∞I don°Øt know. That's it. Even if there is an outside world, we don't know who we are unless we come into direct contact with information there. Maybe it's another program for you.°± 

°∞I decide and act on my own will.°± 

"Know. But what if even that is a program? Got it? I can't come to a conclusion this way. But the manager is the only one who knows who he is. You are free to define them, but remember this.°± 

The chain of Gehenna, pulled from Lian's chest, was caught in the prince's grasp. 

°∞It may be different from what we imagine. That is a 0.5-dimensional wall. If you really want to keep Yahweh, you must not trust anyone.°± 

As Lian remained silent, Magritte peered at the broken part of the chain. 

°∞Let°Øs start.°± 

Stang National School of Magic. 

Shirone, who allowed his parents to observe as a condition of training wizards, kept his promise. 

But it might have been better not to make that promise. 

"Oh my gosh°¶ °¶

While all teachers and students were watching, Wizard was being bombarded by Shirone. 

°∞Reaction is slow!°± 

A seven-year-old child was pushed back by magic powerful enough to devastate the radius. 

The contemplative parents screamed. 

°∞Wizard!°± 

When the Photon Cannon exploded, a roar erupted and fragments scattered across the wide training ground. 

°∞Whoa!°± 

Through the haze, I could see the wizard who had cast his defense magic breathe heavily. 

Teachers thought it was crazy. 

"principal! No more! If you stay like this, the child will die!°± 

°∞Mmm.°± 

The principal's expression was also not good, but if it was the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower, he couldn't interfere. 

Most of all, it caught on that there was no change in the expression of the 10-member group of 1-star residents across the street. 

'Can we really leave it like this? If we're seeing something we don't know... °¶ 

At that moment, an explosion occurred, and this time the wizard flew several tens of meters away. 

°∞Huhhhh!°± 

Even in the wind flow like a typhoon, she was accurately centered, and when she landed, the eyes of Bartok, the leader of the 10-member organization, were filled with wonder. 

'I blocked it this time too.' 

The more I looked at it, the more amazing it was.

'Currently, the battle level of the five great castles is at a fairly high level. It's not a situation where you can stand alone even if it's a group of 10 demons. And yet, that child... °¶ 

Then Shirone shouted. 

°∞Don't be offended!°± 

The moment the Wizard hurriedly raised his head, Shirone, who had come close to him, fired a photon cannon. 

With a bang, flashes of light broke through the Wizard's formidable defenses. 

°∞Keugh!°± 

Wizard pulled his shoulders and lifted his feet. 

'I curled up on him.' 

In a situation where the defense magic was destroyed, it was an instinctive attitude to somehow minimize the impact. 

Amy marveled with her heart. 

'I can't be safe. But that subtle difference saved the Wizard's life.' 

bang! bang! After the Wizard bounced off the ground like a rubber ball, and fell to the ground, Shirone 

charged again. 

°∞Another 2°± 

This time, the 10 Magicians also opened their eyes wide. 

Realizing their expressions, the principal hurriedly ran forward and shouted at Shirone. 

°∞Hey, stop now!°± 

Shirone did not stop. 

In the short time I approached the wizard, countless thoughts ran through my head. 

'Is this okay?' 

Now she knew that her condition would make her unable to defend against her own attacks.

'I could really die this time.' That's why you should. 

'Havitz... °¶ 

Probably because the Satan that the wizard needs to eliminate won't stop at this point. 

°∞Wizard! Wake!" 

At the same time as he shouted, Shirone arrived and swung the compressed Photon Cannon in his hand. 

'finished.' 

The moment everyone thought so, Wizard's eyes lit up and a barrier was formed. 

Aaaaaang! 

The curtain of air swayed as far as the eye could see, and the wizard flew through the air and crashed to the ground. 

°∞We, Wizard?°± 

Wizard, who had not even moved for a while, stood up with his broken right arm dangling. 

"Sigh. Sigh." 

she murmured softly. 

°∞Just blocked.°± 

Shirone took another step. 

'Breaked the limits. One more time, one more time... °¶ 

At that moment, she shook off the teachers' hands and her mother came running. 

°∞You bastard!°± 

At the same time as Shirone turned around, her hands grabbed her collar. 

°∞What are you doing to my daughter! The kid broke his arm! Why is that seven-year-old boy!°± 

°∞You promised to take charge of me. You don't have to come out if it makes you uncomfortable.°± 

Life turned to life in her mother's eyes.

°∞So you made that promise? Did you know that if I showed you something like that, you wouldn't come? If so, the person is wrong. I don't need money or anything. It ends here.°± 

°∞The arm can heal. If I cast a spell... °¶ 

A pair of sounds broke out. 

°∞Uh-oh°¶ °¶ 

The teachers' faces turned pale as the mother, who had slapped Shirone, screamed. 

'Crazy. Hitting the Five Stars.' But Amy knew. If you want to avoid her, she can avoid it as much as she can. 

Her reason for giving her cheek on purpose is....... 

'Shirone is tough too.' 

I thought that if I got hit by one, the feeling of guilt I felt like I was pretending would alleviate even a little bit. 

" ah." 

Her mother, coming to her senses, looked at her hands. 

Not because she hit Odaeseong, but because she had never hit anyone before. 

Shirone understood her feelings as well. 

'Even my mother would have done that.' 

When she turned to Wizard, she was so busy catching her breath that she couldn't even join the fight. 

"Mother." 

Shirone looked back at her. 

°∞Wizard is a brilliant kid. A normal seven-year-old will cry when his arm is broken, but he won't hold back. That means you already understand the pain in your head.°±

When her husband, who had been looking after her daughter's condition, arrived late, the mother shed tears. 

°∞What are you talking about? What the hell is it to understand pain? Wizards are not crazy children. She is too terrified to even cry.°± 

Her dad also listened. 

°∞Stop it now. I can't stand it either. Why should my daughter be treated like that? Is she because we are peasants who have nothing to learn?°± 

°∞It is rather the opposite.°± 

Shirone's voice rose slightly. 

°∞Because it's great. She's doing it because she can. What the Wizard is learning now is the knowledge of the blood and sweat of countless talents she could never have achieved alone. Because she developed with the benefit of her, in a situation where humanity is in danger, of course she too°¶ °¶ 

She said she had to sacrifice herself. 

'Really?' 

Shirone couldn't help but exhale. 

She said, 'It's about being a lovely daughter, a beautiful lady, meeting nice people, loving them, and living a happy life...'. °¶ 

Is it more important than world-changing innovations? 

°∞°¶ °¶ sorry." 

After bowing her head and apologizing to her parents, Shirone turned around and left the training ground. 

°∞Today we will end here.°± 

While no one was seeing Shirone off, the wizard who finished her treatment approached. 

"mom and dad. what's the matter?"

°∞Wizard!°± 

Tears flowed as her mother caressed the arm of the wizard who was splinting her. 

°∞Are you in a lot of pain? How hard could it have been?°± 

°∞Where has my brother gone? Are you done training?°± 

°∞Okay, it's over. She said her mom didn't. I will never entrust you to someone like that again.°± 

°∞Hmm.°± 

The wizard stared at the back of Shirone, who was shabbyly moving away. 

°∞Thank you, Mom. She said, 'cause this time she really almost died. But I'm really sorry 

... °¶ 

Wizard said hesitantly. 

°∞I don°Øt want you to interrupt me in training from now on.°± 

The parents' faces darkened. 

°∞We, Wizard? what are you... °¶ 

"sorry. First, I'll go see my brother. I have a question about this training.°± 

As if in a real hurry, the Wizard made his way through the group and followed Shirone. 

While no one said anything, Bartok, the leader of the 10 Magicians, deepened his eyes. 

'Talent pulls.' 

The only adult recognized by the Wizard. 

It instinctively knows that the only way to survive is to follow Shirone's heels tenaciously. 

'There's no doubt about the potential, but I was dubious about the inclination.' 

When she said that Shirone might die, she said yes with a bright smile.

'Although the time to worry was short.' 

Perhaps in the mind of a genius, all the things he had to deal with passed by. 

'I can understand Oh Dae-sung's feelings.' 

Would you want to waste your time in front of the greatest talent in all of human history? 

"brother!" 

The wizard's bright voice came over from outside the training ground. 

Training limits (3) 

°∞Brother! brother!" 

Wizard, who had left the training ground, shouted, but Shirone hurried on as if he hadn't heard. 

The place we arrived at was the most remote place in the school, and it was not designed as a resting place. 

Shirone, who has lived in the mountains since childhood, always found nature when she wanted to rest. 

"Sigh." 

He sat down on a small rock and exhaled, but he could not let out his stuffy heart. 

'What is the right thing to do?' 
The wizard's power is absolutely necessary 

to kill Satan Habits, but the 'Wizard's life?' 
It was a situation where a seven-year-old child had to kill the most evil and cruel man in the world. 
Shirone laughed. 
'Yes, maybe it's me who's crazy.' 
In fact, he had known it himself from some point on, but this time it was different. 
"brother." 
Shirone raised her head at the Wizard's voice.








Perhaps it was because he was caught in his heart, but the sight of him wearing a splint added to his guilt. 

°∞You are very hurt. Wizard, I want to tell you... °¶ 

°∞I°Øm sorry, brother.°± 

Wizard was in tears. 

°∞I didn°Øt even think about what mom and dad would hate. Learning is so much fun, so I'm so excited... °¶ 

'fun?' 

Shirone realized what he had forgotten. 

'Oh yeah.' 

It was so hard and so painful, but humans can still endure it. 

'As long as I have the conviction that I can become stronger.' Nothing more thrilling than that was given to humans. 

°∞Wizard, why is magic so interesting? Do you want to be the strongest in the world? Do you want to run over me?°± 

°∞I want to jump over it. But now it doesn't matter. Magic is just fun.°± 

°∞There are many ways to be happy. You don't have to be the best, you can have fun. Why are you still learning magic?°± Wizard blinked his eyes. 

°∞Um, of course°¶ °¶ 

And, as always, he said with the brightest smile in the world. 

°∞Because this is the world I will live in.°± Shirone cried. 

°∞Yeah, right.°± 

No matter what others criticize, this is the only world we will live in.

Only we can understand ourselves. 

°∞Today's training was a bit weak. I told my mom and dad. It will be fine starting tomorrow.°± 

"haha!" 

Shirone wiped away her tears. 

He was the one who had never had the two letters of defeat since he entered the world of magic... °¶ . 

°∞Okay, let°Øs grit our teeth and run.°± 

It felt like all the resentment I had to suppress to get that one result was comforted. 

The Wizard approached Shirone and wiped the tears from her cheeks with a small hand. 

°∞Your brother must be having a hard time too.°± 

It hadn't been long since he had increased the intensity of his training, but the Wizard's insight had deepened considerably. 

°∞You have grown a lot. It is a great talent to know how to read other people's hearts.°± 

"lol. So, brother. Are you already in love with your sister?°± 

"yes? yeah... °¶ 

°∞Then, if I become stronger than you later, will you like me more?°± 

'But he's still a kid.' 

Shirone suppressed a laugh and said. 

°∞There are many things I like. If you really surpass me... °¶ 

If you become the best wizard in the world. 

°∞Yes, in some areas, wouldn°Øt there be cases where you value it more than Amy?°±

It was an adult's classification, but the Wizard was amused by the possibility. 

"like! Then tomorrow I will jump over my brother!°± 

°∞Oh, really?°± 

Shirone pulled Wizard's broken arm and glued the bones together with the Miracle Stream. 

The next day, the atmosphere at the training ground was cold. 

Even after watching the collapse of the world yesterday, Wizard's parents insisted on observing. 

"Whoa, it's going to be bloody today too." While the teachers were already nervous, Shirone and Wizard warmed up in front of the Image Zone. 

°∞Is this practice practice?°± 

"no. Basics today.°± 

The Wizard's resolution gave Shirone enough courage, but he couldn't rule out his parents' position. 

'Seeing your child sick is the worst thing for a parent. I was too careless.' 

No matter how much it is our world, we must consider the hearts of those who see it from the outside. 

°∞Today°Øs class is a mind-beat.°± 

It was the optimal training that did not drop the intensity and did not look radical. 

°∞I will demonstrate.°± 

Wizards, who were awakened from birth, cast instinctively and were ignorant of theories. 

'Rather, that's more amazing, but to deal with Harvitz, I have to teach everything that can be taught.'

When the wizard's creativity was bitten by Havitz's chaos, the body would remember this moment. 

Shirone stood in the center of the image zone installed at Stang National School of Magic. 

Memories of training to improve my grades in my senior year flashed through me like a kaleidoscope. 

'I should do well.' 

As the heartbeat developed without warning, the eyes of the teachers who were watching widened. 

°∞Uh-oh°¶ °¶ 

The spirit becomes visible in the image zone, but it is not seen to and fro. 

'Huge sphere... °¶ ? No, it's definitely going back and forth. Because the count keeps going up.' Every time I reached the maximum radius, the buzzer sounded like it would tear the speaker apart. 

'Heart beats 6,000 times per second.' 

I don't know who the world's second-largest wizard is, but it must be several times faster than that. 

The ten magicians shook their heads. 

'I can't win.' 

It would be a natural result for someone who has mastered the art of the mind, but the problem was the Wizard. 

'I can't reach it, but even if I do, I usually die. Oh Dae-seong is sincere.' When Bartok turned his head, the wizard was watching the demonstration without even blinking. 

"Aha." 

The 10 Magicians came to mind at the same time. 

'1 minute and 17 seconds.' 

It was a time when a wizard who did not know the basics realized it after seeing 6,000 heartbeats per second.

"Okay?" 

Without needing to explain, the Wizard nodded and entered the Image Zone. 

°∞I will try.°± 

Shirone took her seat next to Amy, followed by the 10 Magicians Council. She is only part of the training, but pure curiosity arose to see how far she could go. 

°∞Whoa.°± 

After taking a few deep breaths, she suddenly opened her eyes wide and developed a spirit zone. 

Her buzzer rang, and her teachers and students fixed their eyes on her heart rate readings. 

Bartok's heart raced. 

'800 times per second. Far beyond the level of a professional wizard. However, the talent we want has reached the end of the universe. To this extent... °¶ 

°∞Huh? uh huh?°± Her heart rate continued to rise as the students made faces of astonishment. 

2,000 times per second. 

The Wizard's pupils vibrated terribly, but the size did not exceed the critical value. 

'I'm in control.' 

Her heart rate continued to rise, and blood dripped from Wizard's nose. 

°∞Hey, honey.°± 

Wizard's mother grabbed her husband's arm. 

'More, faster.' 

Perhaps it was a heightened state of soaring before she even felt the changes taking place in her own body.

When the rate exceeded 3,000 times per second, blood flowed from her eyes, and her mother could not stand it and ran to Shirone. 

°∞Stop! My child will die.°± Bartok knew why Shirone was silent. 

'I°¶ °¶ They are 1-star residents of the Ivory Tower.' 

He was capable enough to be the president of any kingdom, but there were 2, 3, 4, and 5 stars above him. 

'Why didn't you wish? Why didn't you long for it? But it's not a place you can go just because you want to.' 

said Wizard's father. 

°∞Stop it now. As I said yesterday, our daughter's safety is our top priority.°± 

Bartok thought. 

'I don't know.' 

How crazy the people in this world are for wanting to become stronger. 

Mental beats 4,000 times per second. 

'I don't want to beat anyone. I don't want to gain something by becoming stronger. just get stronger The fact that my existence is endlessly ascending is itself very happy.' 

to put it differently. 

'All humans... °¶ 

Power entered the Wizard's eyes. 

°∞Yaaaaa!°± 

Mental beats 5,000 times per second. 

'You can become stronger. I can do better. you believe The moment you doubt it, it breaks.' 

Tears of blood mixed with pure tears.

'The sky... °¶ I want to fly.' 

The Wizard's Spirit Zone, which reached its limit, began to collapse into a distorted form. 

"If you lose your rhythm, it's over." 

Shirone said. 

°∞The accident is rigid. put everything down The desire to be recognized, the obsession to be successful, let go of everything and focus on the present. Do not converge your thoughts, but release yourself with a divergent feeling.°± 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

When the mental beat reached 6,000 times per second, Shirone felt a thrill of goosebumps. 

'Understand immediately, change the state of mind.' 

I didn't feel any jealousy, it was like watching a piece of art. 

But to others, it was a harrowing sight, with a seven-year-old bleeding from his eyes, nose, and mouth. 

°∞Wizard.°± 

Wizard's mother cried. 

°∞Stop it now. please. I know my child has talent. But°¶ °¶ What does it mean if you have succeeded in doing this?°± 

°∞A talent?°± 

Shirone was the first to speak. 

°∞Does that child look like he is taking all the pain right now because he has talent? If you think so, you are committing great disrespect to the Wizard.°± 

°∞Ha, but°¶ °¶

°∞Yes, Wizards are geniuses. Maybe there is such a thing as talent. But mother.°± 

Shirone looked back at her. 

°∞There is no talent in this world to do something well without effort.°± 

With a different force than yesterday, her mother shut her mouth. 

°∞Humans are all the same. Would it hurt less when he was pricked with a needle that he was a genius? No. It's just a difference in how we understand the pain and how we digest it. Are you seeing the wizard's talent? I am the opposite. All I can see is a seven-year-old trying to reach the current level... °¶ 

Shirone turned her gaze to the Wizard. 

"It's just the amount and magnitude of the pain she had to digest from inside her mother's stomach." 

How much the fetus must have cried to clear up those ridiculous feelings. 

°∞My daughter°¶ °¶ 

Her mother made her cry. 

°∞She said she was a farmer,°± she said. 

Shiroe said with her sorry feelings. 

°∞I don°Øt know, but farmers say they remove rotten rice seeds in advance. However, that feeling won't be good. Raising huge creatures sometimes has to be brutal.°± 

Her father's eyes changed.

°∞You can't make us understand our world. Just as no one else knows exactly what the farmer's world is like, neither do we. But within that, we dream and compete. For us, that is the only real world.°± 

°Ï o '' ?M. 

Everyone was like that. 

°∞Wizards want to be the best. It's not because of her talent, but the sheer amount of pain she's endured doesn't allow her where she is now. That is why he threw everything the moment he met me.°± 

Shirone begged. 

°∞Leave it to me. I will quit when I find the Wizard really intolerable.°± 

°∞But even now I am possessed with blood like that°¶ °¶ 

°∞You stay still.°± 

His husband, who dried her wife, said to Shirone. 

°∞I see what you mean. I am a male too. It's not like I've never had a dream of climbing to the top of the world. But my daughter is going to be the best?°± 

"Yes. If you can endlessly digest the pain you are now, you will soon be.°± 

Dad looked at the Wizard. 

Tears welled up in his eyes as he clenched his teeth and endured even though his eyes were bleeding. 

'Damn it! yes you want to fly Dad wanted to fly too. So feel free to do it. Dad will protect you.' 

He closed his eyes, lowered his head, and shouted.

"i look forward to!" 

Training limits (4) 

Shirone gained courage. 

"thank you." 

Because they no longer had to pay attention to their parents, the standards for training soared significantly. 

°∞It°Øs still not enough. more." 

It must have been a psychological barrier to stay long at the 6,000 times per second demonstrated by Shirone. 

°∞Don°Øt try to control your mind. you yourself become a mind Don°Øt try to analyze it, throw yourself into the unknown.°± 

°∞Huh!°± 

The wizard's eyes changed again, and the rhythm of her heartbeat began to soar. 

The speaker announcing the buzzer exploded with a pop, and an error message appeared on the recorder. 

The teachers opened their mouths in a daze. 

°∞Exceeded image zone function.°± 

Currently, only a few people know how far her abilities have risen. 

Bartok murmured. 

°∞7,200 times per second.°± 

It's not about counting numbers. 

Like counting the number of leaves with synesthesia, he savored the wizard's heartbeat in its entirety. 

Shirone's synesthesia was the best. 

'Exactly 7,287 times.' 

As the wizard's eyes rolled upward, the teachers who were checking her image zone came running.

°∞Oh Dae-sung, how about stopping for now? It can be dangerous if you don't know the exact number... °¶ 

°∞Goed in.°± 

Shirone's eyes sparkled, and the faces of the 10 Magicians all came to mind. 

°∞You entered? What does that mean?°± 

said Amy. 

°∞She just went with the flow. It is not easy to cross the limits. If you don°Øt pull it up as high as you can when you break the wall, you will lose money later.°± 

Bartok meekly admitted. 

°∞Now I don°Øt know either. What is the wizard's current ability?°± 

Shirone savored it for a while. 

°∞9,273 times per second.°± 

Students and teachers were stunned, but it was embarrassing to stop here. 

'The goal is 12,000 times, twice as many times as I demonstrated.' 

For example, when Shirone casts a beam, it is powerful enough to destroy a small city. 

'I can't move on to the next level without that. I have a lot to teach, but time is running out.' 

"haha." 

At that moment, the Wizard's body trembled and a loud moan escaped from his mouth. 

ø°¿ÃπÃ∞° πÃ∞£¿ª ¬Ó«™∏Æ∏Á ∏ª«ﬂ¥Ÿ.

°∞Ω√∑Œ≥◊, ºÓ≈©æﬂ.°±

°∞∞¯∆˜¥¬ æÓ¬ø ºˆ æ¯æÓ. ø©≈¬±Ó¡ˆ «— π¯µµ ∞ﬁæÓ ∫∏¡ˆ ∏¯«— πÃ¡ˆ¿« ºº ∞Ë¿œ ≈◊¥œ±Ó.°±

Ω≈¿Ω º“∏Æ∞° ∫Ò∏Ì¿∏∑Œ πŸ≤Óæ˙¥Ÿ.

°∞æ∆æ«! æ∆æ∆æ«!°± ∫Œ∏¿« æÛ±º¿Ã «œæÈ∞‘ ∂ﬂ¥¬ ∞Õ¿ª »Æ¿Œ«— Ω√∑Œ≥◊∞° ¿ÃπÃ¡ˆ ¡∏¿∏∑Œ ¥Ÿ ∞°∞¨¥Ÿ.

°∞±¶¬˙æ∆, ¿ß¿˙µÂ.°±

∫Ò∏Ì¿Ã ∂“ ±◊√∆¥Ÿ.

°∞≥™µµ ±◊∑®æÓ. ø©≈¬±Ó¡ˆ »ÆΩ≈«ﬂ¥¯ ∏µÁ ∞‘ π´≥ ¡ˆ∞Ì, æ∆π´∞Õµµ æÀ ºˆ æ¯∞‘ µ«¡ˆ.°±

°∞¿Ã∞Õ¿Ã ø«¿∫∞°? π´æ∞° ¿ﬂ∏¯µ«∞Ì ¿÷¥¬ ∞Õ¿∫ æ∆¥—∞°? ¡ˆ±› Ω«∆–«œ∏È ¥ŸΩ√¥¬ ±‚»∏∞° æ¯¥¬ ∞« æ∆¥“±Ó?°±

¿ß¿˙µÂ¥¬ π´æ∆¡ˆ∞Êø°º≠ µÈæ˙¥Ÿ.

°∞«œ¡ˆ∏∏ ±◊∞« ≥◊∞° ø©¿¸»˜ ΩŒøÏ∞Ì ¿÷¥Ÿ¥¬ ¡ı∞≈æﬂ. ¡§¥‰¿ª √£æ∆º≠ ∆Ì«ÿ ¡ˆ∑¡∞Ì «œ¡ˆ ∏∂. ¡ˆ±› ≥ ∏¶ ±´∑”»˜ ¥¬ ±◊ ∫“»ÆΩ«º∫¿ª, ≈Î¬∞∑Œ ≤¯æÓæ»∞Ì ≥™æ∆∞°¥¬ ∞≈æﬂ.°±

≥™ƒßπ› ∞∞¿∫ ∞« æ¯¥Ÿ.

°∞ΩŒøˆ.°±

Ω√∑Œ≥◊∞° «ÿ ¡Ÿ ºˆ ¿÷¥¬ ∏ªµµ ¿Ã ∞Õª”¿Ãæ˙¥Ÿ.

°∞∞¸√∂Ω√ƒ—.°±

°∞¿∏æ∆æ∆æ∆æ∆!°±

¿ß¿˙µÂ¿« ¥´ø° √ ¡°¿Ã µ«µπæ∆ø¿∞Ì, Ω…π⁄µø¿Ã æˆ√ª≥≠ º”µµ∑Œ ªÛΩ¬«ﬂ¥Ÿ.

Ω√∑Œ≥◊¥¬ ¡÷∏‘¿ª ∫“≤ˆ ¡„æ˙¥Ÿ.

°Æ µ∆¥Ÿ.°Ø

ø°¥©∏Æ æ¯¥¬ √ ¥Á 1∏∏ 2√µ »∏∏¶ ¿Ø¡ˆ«œ∏Á, ¿ß¿˙µÂ∞° ¡÷¿ß∏¶ µ—∑Ø∫∏ æ“¥Ÿ.

°∞Ahhh, what is this?°± She still looked frightened, but her face was flushed with even more thrilling exaltation. 

match. match. match.

Bartok applauded, followed by the Magic Ten, followed by Amy, teachers and students. 

"Oh my gosh°¶ °¶ 

Wizard's parents, who were unfamiliar with magic, could feel what the current situation was like. 

When the wizard, whose heart stopped beating, came down from the image zone, everyone rushed at him. 

°∞Awesome, Wizard! What a great skill!°± 

Her face was pale because of her blood, but her child looked very happy. 

"lol! I would have failed if I hadn't listened to her brother at the end. I was so scared back then... °¶ 

While receiving congratulations from countless people, only Shirone's eyes were sad. 

'I proved it.' 

That he is the only existence that can eliminate Habits. 

'Enjoy yourself to the fullest. You can do whatever you want. The world will give you infinite freedom. Whatever you do, no one will blame you.' 

So it was even more sad. 

'But there is something you have to shoulder in return. One thing you can never put down... °¶ 

It is hope. 

'You must never say the word impossible under any circumstances. Even if everyone gives up, even if everyone waits for the end in frustration, you must say this.' 

I can do it. 

'That's your destiny. The future given to you.'

Shirone couldn't help but smile in front of the huge hopes that a seven-year-old child was carrying. 

'But now I can fight. A natural enemy that can kill Satan has been created.' 

Shirone, who captured his heart, asked Bartok. 

°∞Did Mr. Lampa get a call? How is the situation in Kashan?°± 

°∞No message yet. Habitz also disappeared after entering Aganos.°± 

'What are you up to?' 

You could go to Kashan and check it yourself, but there was a strong enemy called Uorin. 

'Until the temple assembly is held, we must not take any special action. Her future Lassie changes the political situation.' 

All conclusions are in the temple. 

'There is no time. I have to complete the Wizard's training and succeed in purifying the Pandemonium.' 

Depending on the results created by the simultaneous events in Shirone, the fate of mankind would be decided that day. 

'Next 23 days.' 

It was the period left until the temple assembly. 

°∞Bad children. how could you do this to me How I raised you guys!°± 

Lethe, who had escaped from the Grand Duke's old castle, could not calm down her anger, and she was furious. 

°∞This is the last time. Never again... Huh?°± 

When I looked up at the roar that exploded in front of me, a section of the city was completely blown away. 

"What is that?"

Even in Lethe's opinion, it was not the intensity of the impact commonly seen in Hell. 

"yes?" 

Two people were fighting fiercely in a blurry street. 

'Who is it? Asmodians?' 

One was clearly a devil, but the other was a race that did not exist in hell. 

Aaaaaaaang! 

When the flash of light that came out of the demon's hand landed on another person's body, Emperor Pacheon exploded. 

It wasn't the shock and roar that can occur when hit by a creature's body. 

"what?" 

Lette jumped right away. 

°∞Big!°± 

Son Yu-jeong's face crumpled as she slid across the floor. 

'What kind of guys are there?' 

No matter how vigorously a young man may be, he is said to be unable to defeat a master of martial arts. 

'It neutralizes all my attacks.' 

It was exactly the way he was fighting the demons right in front of him. 

°∞Huh!°± 

When I applied strength to my feet, the soles of my slippery feet sank into the ground and piles of dirt formed a mountain. 

"Who are you?" 

Where Son Yoo-jeong raised her eyes, a red-skinned demon was creating a golden haze. 

°∞What does that matter?°± 

Shirone was angry.

The reason she was different from other strong enemies was that she had no interest in anything other than combat. 

'Thunder naked.' 

Whether the world perishes or humanity perishes, there is only a fighting spirit in her head. 

'It's really annoying, it's me.' 

As Shirone's sign turned colder, the group of lights that rose from her body became clearer. 

'That's the problem.' 

Son Yoo-jung was very nervous. 

I don°Øt know what the reason is, but I felt the same depth as Nane°Øs sermon 

. °∞You are not a demon, are you? why are you disturbing me? You just do what you have to do.°± 

"what?" 

Shirone laughed. 

°∞Don°Øt be mistaken. You are interfering with my work. Whatever your purpose... °¶ 

As I wrapped my hands around her, her brilliant cluster of light was compressed with terrifying pressure. 

°∞You are less than me.°± 

As Shirone spread her hands, the flash of her law lit up the front. 

'This child... °¶ 

Glaring at Shirone, who had come in front of her eyes faster than the light, Son Yu-jeong bit her hard. 

'Hwaangeumjeong.' 

She was the one who pushed her back when she saw guys pretending to be great, but she wasn't now. 

' what?' 

What was reflected in her eyes penetrating her truth was her terribly pure heart of love.

'Yahweh?' 

Goosebumps ran down his spine. 

'Because I'm really unlucky!' 

Who would have known, that there would be another truth in the place where Buddha struck and fell. 

"good." 

As Shirone raised her palm from bottom to top, her sphere of light hit her abdomen. 

°∞Ah, sir°¶ °¶ !°± 

There are no more questions. 

However, the revelation of the truth did not lessen the impact on her body. 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang! 

Shirone watched indifferently as Son Yu-jeong passed through the building and disappeared. 

The most annoying thing is that it's still a long way off. 

°∞Whoa.°± 

That's why Nane also filled a long orphan and dropped her hand Yu-jeong to hell. 

°∞Let°Øs see, it°Øs me.°± 

His smile flashed in his eyes. 

Lian asked. 

°∞Two ways?°± 

"yes. You must have heard why the chains of Gehenna are broken. There are two ways to fix this error right now. One, fix it systematically. Two, I will fix you.°± 

°∞Hmm.°± 

Lian couldn't choose what was good.

°∞Each has its pros and cons. Fixing the system first will make you no longer bound by karma. Since it transcends the system anyway, it°Øs better to set it outside the standard.°± 

It meant that I no longer had to endure the pain of a burning heart. 

°∞What does it mean to heal me?°± 

°∞It circumvents the karma set in you. So, it's what the system misleads. The reason that is possible is your weapon <Idea>.°± 

Lian took out a large straight sword. 

"This one?" 

°∞That sword has an unbreakable code applied to it. It's something you can't create in hell because it requires a master code. You can use it to bypass karma.°± 

°∞I don°Øt know the technical language.°± 

Magritte explained at Lian's level. 

°∞It connects the chain of Gehenna to <Idea>. The torment of fire lasts, but the world will no longer claim your karma.°± 

"Aha." 

Magritte extended his index and middle fingers. 

°∞The first takes a long time, but it's in your favor. The second one is over quickly, but you have to deal with the pain. Actually, I don't like anything. I'd like to analyze everything about you and restore your system, but... °¶ 

It was questionable whether Lethe would give it that long.

°∞So you decide. Is it the former or the latter?°± 

Lian didn't think. 

°∞I°Øll do it for the second time.°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ Are you really okay? It can't compare to the pain I've been through so far. When the chain of crab henna is connected to <idea>, the pain will circulate. Of course, the capacity of your sword to purify demons is also unlimited.°± 

°∞It doesn°Øt matter.°± 

Lian said, sticking the big sword behind his back. 

°∞I am worried about Shirone. Even if that guy is a demon, he's the one who wants to hear the story.°± 

°∞Are you different?°± 

In Magritte's view, Lian was also a human enemy. 

"Yes." 

said Lian. 

°∞I know that demons also have hearts. But°¶ °¶ Nothing can take precedence over Shirone.°± 

Magritte, who was glaring at Lian with fierce eyes, sighed and raised his sword. 

°∞Come this way.°± 

The operation began. 

New Humanity©Á Jincheon's Hwangseong Yeomra 

had lights on in many places even near midnight. 

Jin Kang called Shirone. 

°∞I will go in.°± 

Upon entering the emperor's residence, Jin Kang was sitting alone, tipping her cup. 

°∞Come in.°±

When the door closed and Shirone sat down carefully, Jin Kang raised a porcelain wine bottle. 

°∞You must be busy with work.°± 

Said Shirone while taking a drink. 

°∞Because Jincheon is wide. Thanks to your help, many items are being processed quickly.°± 

Jin Kang was an active ally of Shirone, and this would be a great help in the temple assembly. 

Breaking the awkward silence, Shirone spoke. 

°∞Current voice... °¶ 

°∞Don°Øt get me wrong. I didn't call you for that. If you made a promise, waiting is a great man.°± 

How can you not be curious, Jin Kang was not a person who read lines with personal feelings. 

°∞The people of Jincheon are grateful. If it wasn't for you, the damage to the Pandemonium would have been much greater.°± 

The Blue Dragon Mountains, where Bassago opened the Pandemonium, were now completely isolated. 

°∞I just did what I had to do. It is fortunate that the range of mental radiation is not wide.°± 

The radius of 300 kilometers cannot be said to be narrow, but compared to Jincheon, it was localized. 

Jin Kang got to the point. 

°∞Hey, have you ever heard of the new people?°± 

"Yes. It is the name that those with intelligence among the variants of the Blue Dragon Mountains call themselves. We're quarantined right now, but we'll find a way when the hell is over.°± 

°∞They rebelled.°±

Shirone narrowed her eyes. 

°∞I have just come across intelligence. It is said that Hwangseong deviated from the proposed territory and destroyed his forces. The northern and eastern gateways of the mountain range have been breached, and mutants are attacking nearby cities.°± 

"that is°¶ °¶ is this possible? The northern gateway is in charge of Yucheong, and the eastern gateway is in charge of Hwang Yi-seong.°± 

The reason why he dispatched Oh Ryongjang himself was because he judged that there were so many risk factors. 

°∞It seems that the scale of the rebellion is incredibly large. I don't know, how they multiplied their population. But if it comes out of nowhere like this, it's one of two things. It's been planned for a very long time... °¶ 

°∞An unexpected variable has occurred.°± 

"right. Both the former and the latter are possible. After all, new people are different from humans.°± 

'It's different from humans.' 

It was true. 

°∞Put the rebellion in order. If their power expands, there is no guarantee that they will not invade the imperial castle.°± 

"Yes. I will go directly.°± 

Even from Shirone's point of view, Jincheon's imperial power had to be maintained to fight in the temple. 

It was an urgent situation, so I packed up and left the imperial castle that way. 

Earth Dragon Gaitan and White Dragon As-Skiker were waiting. 

°∞Are you leaving right away?°± 

"yes. I'm going to the Blue Dragon Mountains. Let°Øs speed things up so that they arrive by tomorrow morning.°±

After flying into the sky, Shirone spread her wings while looking in the direction where the mountains were. 

'Biological mutation.' 

Since the Pandemonium opened and a lot of time had passed, it must have been a completely different existence than imagined. 

"let's go." 

The apostles followed closely behind Shirone, who was flying while explosively pushing the wings. 

Dawn dawned faintly over the Blue Dragon Mountains. 

°∞The sun is rising.°± 

The landscape reflected below was much more serious than Shirone had initially expected. 

The barriers made only by labor were torn down like saw teeth, and corpses formed fields. 

Asriker's eyes changed. 

°∞Shall we go right in?°± 

If a rebellion was carried out under the banner of a new human race, there would surely be an instigator. 

'Smash the head with a quick fight.' 

There was a point, but Shirone changed his mind after seeing the scale of damage on the ground. 

°∞Let°Øs start by figuring out the situation. I don't have a good feeling. There must be something we don't know.°± 

Shirone flew to the northern gateway, which suffered the most damage, and landed in a ruined place. 

°∞Oh Dae-sung!°± 

The soldiers who were rummaging through the collapsed building for survivors lowered their heads in unison. 

°∞Where is the General?°±

°∞You are resting in the infirmary ward. She was seriously injured, but fortunately, I heard that her life is not in danger.°± 

°∞Serious injuries?°± 

Are you saying that Wu Ryongjang, the great swordsman, was killed? 

°∞Gaitan, stay on the scene and gather information. From last night°Øs circumstances, meticulously.°± 

"All right." 

It was something that As-Skiker couldn't do. 

After being guided by the soldier into the medical ward, Yu Cheong stood up with a hard expression. 

°∞Oh Dae-sung.°± 

Bandages were wrapped from his chest to his stomach. 

°∞Just lie down.°± 

"no. To an unmanned person this much hurt... °¶ Keugh!°± 

I wanted to protect my pride, but I couldn't help but let out his moans. 

'What kind of ugliness is this?' 

Astriker stood in the corner of the medical ward and kept his mouth shut with his gaze lowered. 

After being scolded by Shirone, she was the one who avoided eye contact with people as much as possible. 

Even so, in Yu-cheong's heart, she was everything. 

'It's really beautiful. It's just a pity that I can't be her lover.' 

Even the scars on his abdomen, which had been torn almost to the level of rags, could not be felt now. 

°∞Who did you hit?°± 

However, the moment she was questioned by Shirone, her feeling of walking through her flower garden turned into a nightmare.

The fear of Baekryong to the point of closing one's heart. 

Yu Qing's body trembled. 

°∞Humans°¶ °¶ It wasn't.°± 

It still haunts my eyes. 

°∞No, the appearance was human. But the feeling itself is different. Not animals, not humans, not plants, not insects. How can I explain that... °¶ 

°∞Is he the ringleader of the rebellion?°± 

"I don't know. At some point, they were hiding in the gateway. Then, he showed his true colors and began to destroy them at random. When I woke up, all the soldiers were torn like paper.°± 

As Yu Cheng clenched his fists, blood slowly seeped through the bandages he was wearing. 

°∞My sword couldn't even brush. It's a party thing. He didn't even come close." 

°∞But how did you get hurt like this?°± 

°∞Your eyes have changed.°± 

Yu Qing's face went pale. 

°∞It's not the feeling, the entire pupil has turned black. That was it. When he came to his senses... 

like a dissected frog, his stomach was split and his limbs were spread out. 

- Aaaaaaa! 

Whey curled up as his own screams broke through the memory curtain. 

°∞Keugh! damn! damn it!°± When the facts he had been desperately ignoring came to the surface, his mind was shattered.

"I don't know! how alive! I didn't even feel any pain at the time. Damn, what have you done to me! When that monster, that monster, Shirone stepped back, Ah Striker, who understood his intentions, comforted Yu-cheong°Øs back. 

"it's okay. you did your best Leave it to us and let us rest in peace.°± 

"Ahhh°¶ °¶ 

Her tears shed and Yu Qing, who was thrilled by her, gradually closed her eyelids with her sleepy eyes. 

Assryker gently laid him down, but the blood seeping through the bandages indicated that action was needed. 

°∞The new race.°± 

While the doctor tended to her wounds, Shirone was lost in thought in the corner of the medical unit. 

The As-Skiker has arrived. 

°∞Messiah, eye skills only affect the mind, not physical effects.°± 

The part that Shirone was suspicious of was also at that point. 

"yes. You can't cut people's stomachs just by looking at them. if it is possible°¶ °¶ 

mind skills. 

°∞Is it using quantum signals?°± 

"I don't know. Even in Hell, there were demons with mutant abilities. The 4th generation cataclysm gained transcendental intelligence, but to use quantum signals, it would have to be at least 7th generation?°± 

It was an evolution in which the entire human race was allowed to mutate for a thousand years. 

Gaitan came in.

°∞Messiah, I have something to report to you.°± 

"yes. Tell me." 

°∞It is said that the new human variants went east around dawn. Based on the map, the nearest city is Bukjeon, which has about 700,000 people.°± 

Shirone nodded. 

°∞Then let°Øs go to the north. The order is to check the new people first and then hit the hideout.°± 

"Yes. By the way°¶ °¶ 

Gaitan added. 

°∞According to the official, an expert was called from the Jincheon Emergency Department. You should have arrived in Northern Zhen by now. I think I should give you a report in advance.°± Shirone frowned. 

°∞Are you an expert? Even the general of Oh Ryongjang is an enemy who can't even use his hands. What's his specialty?°± 

"That is°¶ °¶ 

Gaitan's expression changed to embarrassment. 

°∞They must be people the Messiah knows.°± 

The inhabitants of the Ivory Tower have arrived at the gates of the Northern Palace. 

"ha ha ha! It's a one-of-a-kind departure. After all, there is nothing more exciting than running in the field.°± 

A man wearing a judge's uniform over 2 meters tall fluttered a fan and shouted. 

He was a first-star, Chief Justice Tanjura, belonging to the Ministry of Law. 

°∞Being exposed to the wind like this, it feels like my heart is open. Isn't that right, Mr. Borbor?°± 

A woman as skinny as a toothpick, dressed in all black, was moving her steps.

The half-parted lips and unfocused pupils proved that she was not really thinking. 

Moray Borbor. 

He was a 2-star resident of Balance Department, nicknamed Mollusk. 

°∞Mr. Borbor?°± 

Borbor jerked and turned his head. 

Staring at Tanjura, who was smiling her eyes, she suddenly burst into laughter. 

°∞Uh ha ha ha! Whoa ha ha!°± 

°∞Chuck! right? Fuhahahaha!°± 

Her laughter stopped suddenly, and Bor Bor looked back at the front as if it had never happened. 

'It's creepy. It's creepy.' 

The nickname °∞mollusk°± comes from the mental fluidity that transcends human limits. 

A tyrant, a murderer, a seductress, etc., there is no mental taste that she cannot respond to. 

"stop. Who are you?°± 

When the guards at the gate stopped, Tanjura fluttered her fan and spoke loudly. 

°∞I am a merchant who buys special products. I came to check out the specialties of Bukjeon, so can I go in?°± 

°∞A merchant?°± 

The guard who exchanged glances shook her head. 

°∞Currently, North Jeon is under security control. There was an order from Taesu-nim not to let anyone in. Go back, or make camp until the controls are lifted.°± 

°∞Hmm, security control.°±

As Tanjura clicked her tongue, Borbor's eyes focused for a moment. 

'It's already been eaten.' 

Just like when he destroyed the northern gateway, it seemed like he was trying to take control of his interior. 

'To occupy a specific area, destroying the command center is the most efficient way. To do such a troublesome thing even with unknown power... °¶ 

Because they cannot stand less efficient means. 

'Are they new people?' 

°∞Look, actually we°¶ °¶ 

As Tanjura tried to take out the Ivory Tower's tile, Bor Bor held up his hand to stop him. 

Then he approached the guard and whispered something in his ear with a pitiful expression on his face. 

°∞Hmm.°± 

The guard, whose eyes were shaking, spoke to his colleague again, and in that state he sighed for a while. 

"great. Let°Øs check it first.°± 

Two guards took Borbor to a makeshift guard post by the gate. 

A giggle leaked out as Tanjura waited, bobbing at his feet. 

°∞What are they doing?°± 

At that moment, a tremendous exclamation erupted, which turned into a scream, which soon turned into a sorrowful cry. 

After a while, two guards walked out with their heads down and wiping away tears. 

°∞Let°Øs go in.°±

The guards who opened the door without saying a word seemed to have lost their character and there seemed to be no tomorrow. 

Following Borbor, Tanjura asked. 

°∞What have you done to them? Would you believe me if I told you to kill yourself right away?°± 

"nothing." 

Borbor's focus went out again. 

°∞They just realized who they are 

.°± 





New People (2) 


Laviette's city had long grooves dug like the tracks of a snowball. 

Rumble! 

Son Yu-jeong flew from end to end of the city with a roar resembling thunder. 

°∞Ah, sir°¶ °¶ 

Trapped between her ground and the wall, she glared in front of her with her head bent vertically. 

Her red-skinned Demon was walking with her hands behind her back. 

°∞I°Øm going to get annoyed and go crazy.°± 

The reflection of Shirone in Son Yoo-jung's Hwaan-Geumjeong seemed like a huge truth was pouring in. 

°∞Kiyi!°± 

As she threatened her, distorting her face, her Shirone clicked her tongue in her tsk tsk. 

°∞Are you still out of your mind?°± 

°∞What am I doing? I'm going to live my life doing whatever I want, but why are you guys giving me shit! I'm here to find a friend! I have no interest in Hell!°±

°∞That's the problem. It just keeps getting worse and worse.°± 

"What did you say? You do what you want too! Neither me nor Ymir, everyone lives wielding their own power, so why am I the only one who can't do it!°± 

°∞Do whatever you want.°± 

Shirone stopped walking and looked down at Son Yu-jeong. 

°∞You don°Øt know what to do?°± °∞You have no convictions. you are the bomb A bomb that neither good nor evil wants to keep around.°± 

The power was enough to destroy the city of the Grand Duke. 

°∞Because I have no faith, I am easily swayed by other people's emotions. Trying to use you or trying to control you. There will only be people like that all around you.°± 

Richera, who had been silent at the overwhelming battle, made a prickly expression for a moment. 

°∞So are you different? What is different about Buddha? Even now I have a long orphan stuffed around my neck, what kind of admonishment?°± 

°∞You might think so now. Help me cleanse hell. If you can realize it in the process, you too will gain true freedom.°± Son Yoo-jung sighed. 

°∞I am still free! I can do anything! If it wasn°Øt for the damn gold frame!°± 

As his aggression revived and his body turned red, Shirone sighed. 

I understand your feelings.

'If a malicious person tries to use it, it can cause fatal variables. I have to hold it now.' 

Son Yoo-jung bared her teeth. 

°∞Big!°± 

The preparations for the sortie were already over, but he wondered what more he could do against Yahweh. 

'What do we do? They use really weird techniques. To be honest, this annoys me more than the sermon.' 

There was something watching in the dark in her eyes, which were shining brightly. 

' yes'?' 

7 Generals and Baeksa. 

Ilgak was a goblin with long horns, and Baeksa was a woman with white snake skin. 

'It was those strange feelings. If we're going to fight, we'll fight, why are you keeping an eye on me?' 

Even checking Shirone's worried expression, she found hope of escape. 

'right. I wondered why Yahweh was transforming into a demon, but he was conscious of them.' 

She heard from Richera that the demons hate the most is Yahweh. 

'I can't memorize Gingoju.' 

Having made her decision, she lifted her body from the ground and soared into the sky. 

°∞Knock-knock! Grab it!°± 

Shirone's expression did not change even as he heard the sound moving away in an instant. 

°∞Come back.°± 

The moment he quietly exhaled, the smoke that spewed out like a meteorite fell to the ground.

Then a scream was heard. 

°∞Aww! You son of a bitch! You are like a dog!°± 

Son Yu-jeong, who was choking on the long wine, was rolling on the floor clutching the gold frame. 

"What's wrong? why?" 

Richera, who was rolling on her floor with her, felt eerie when she saw Son Yu-jeong's face. 

A huge shock raged in her eyes, where all the veins on her face were exposed. 

Shirone murmured again. 

°∞Son Yu-jeong.°± 

°∞Aww! stop! stop!" Her voice was small, but it felt like the whole world was vibrating in her ears. 

°∞Give me three seconds. 1 second, 2 seconds... °¶ 

°∞Ee-e-e-e-e!°± 

As soon as her pain disappeared, Son Yu-jeong jumped up and flew to Shirone. 

Landing hard with a thump, she exhaled as she got down on one knee. 

"Sigh! Sigh!" 

In her eyes, she saw Shirone's true self, who had reached 100% Yahweh. 

°∞°¶ °¶ Weren't you trying to hide it?" Shirone put on a bitter expression. 

"yes. you ruined everything you always are So now you have to help me.°± 

"no°¶ °¶ You don't like it?" 

As Shirone narrowed her eyes open, her hand Yu-Jung flinched. 

°∞Hey!°±

Gingoa is a weapon that responds to the sincerity of those who have reached a deep level of enlightenment. 

Even if it wasn't illegal, every word Shirone uttered was the law. 

Son Yoo-jeong held out her hand. 

"don't do it! I made it clear not to!°± 

°∞So listen. Will you refrain from self-indulgent behavior in the future and help me with my work?°± 

Shirone looked at the blind spot of darkness. 

'Already left.' 

When Yahweh was revealed 100 percent, an unconcealable murder took over the city. 

But the energy quickly disappeared. 

°ÆIt must have been a strategic decision not to stop me right away. Still, it's not a loss if I can keep Son Yoo-jung by my side.' 

The moment her thoughts were over, Son Yu-jeong, her eyes widened, rushed at a terrifying speed. 

"OK! You die and I die!°± 

°∞Tsk.°± 

A single click of her tongue reduced the long orphan, and her eyes widened. 

°∞Huh billion!°± 

She grabbed her by the neck and fell backwards to the floor. 

°∞Aww! Hate! absolutely hate it! Unleash this! Rather kill me!°± 

As Shirone watched indifferently, she couldn't hold back and shed tears. 

"OK. I was wrong. I will do whatever you ask me to do, so stop it.°±

At the same time, I also felt sorry for him. 

°∞You are different from Havitz. You are still a blank slate with nothing decided. I'm sure that's a pity too.' 

If it was judged that there was no room for rehabilitation, Nane would have already removed it. 

°∞Wake up.°± 

As Sohn Yoo-jeong stood up crying sadly and wiped away her tears, Shirone rebuked her. 

°∞For now, do what I tell you to do. Let yourself understand why.°± 

"All right. So what can I do now? Should I take off my clothes first?°± 

When Son Yu-jeong pretended to undress, Shirone raised one eyebrow and spat out. 

°∞Yes, man.°± 

°∞Hey!°± 

She knelt down on one knee, startled as she felt her long orphan dwindle. 

°∞You only learn bad things from somewhere. You have a mission to change the flow of the times. Do not avert your eyes from responsibility.°± 

°∞Sheesh!°± 

Son Yoo-jung was overcome. 

She said, 'I tried to go comfortably after baking and boiling. After all, Yahweh is also the same as the Buddhas.' 

Shirone turned her head toward Magritte's castle 

. 

She said, 'It must have gotten into Lethe's ears already. Then, the most dangerous is the old castle.' 

Behind my back, I could feel Son Yu-jeong running away like a cat. 

°∞Son Yu-jeong.°±

she shrugged. 

"Yes? Yes!" 

°∞Come to the castle you see over there. You have to follow me straight away instead of fighting the demons.°± 

"All right." 

While Son Yu-jung answered sullenly, Shirone spread her wings and flew up. 

'Wait, Lian.' As Shirone left with a roaring sound, Richera, which hung on Son Yu-jeong's waist, shouted. 

°∞Now. Run away quickly! Now that this has happened, go to hell fire and purify me... °¶ Aaaaaa!°± 

Son Yu-jeong grabbed his nose and twisted it as if to take revenge on the humiliation he had suffered so far. 

Her nosebleeds flowed. 

°∞If I could run away, I would have run away right away. They will kill me even from 108,000 li away.°± 

finally°¶ °¶ will be caught 

°∞Aww! it's annoying! I will really turn around!°± 

Behind Son Yoo-jung, who had jumped into the sky, a cloud of smoke extended like his tail. 

Meanwhile, in the commander's barracks, the 7th general's life-threatening breath made it impossible to breathe. 

Executioner Ithaca asked back. 

°∞Yuppie was Yahweh?°± 

Her pupils completely sucked in the light, and her hair squirmed like a creature. 

she said in part. 

°∞I saw it myself. I never thought he would have acted out such a cunning trick when he came to the city and said there was no news.°±

Mornom glanced dazed at Oris sitting in the corner. 

°∞But why? Why does Yahweh bother to disguise himself as a demon to fight an intruder?°± 

"maybe°¶ °¶ It must be the Grand Duke's order.°± 

said Guimara. 

°∞Currently, the president of a chemical company is staying in the city. But the Grand Duke seems to be in a position to defend Yahweh.°± 

°∞Is it Lethe?°± 

Ithaca's hair grew rapidly and he ran toward Magritte's castle. 

Her eyes widened, and she stood up from her executor's desk for the first time. 

°∞Meet the Mother of Hell.°± 

At that time, when everyone turned their heads, Lethe appeared after walking through the tent in the barracks. 

With all 7 generals in the same position, Lethe took her priority. 

°∞You have enough to live. Is there anything you 7 generals can do to radiate energy like this?°± 

Everyone waited for Ithaca's answer, but she accepted her rudeness and shut her mouth. 

' The Archduke... °¶ 

It sounds like you are in favor of Yahweh. 

Lethe, who had already anticipated General 7's attitude, spat out with a cold expression. 

°∞Explain. I already told the grand duke, but there will be no more mercy.°± 

'I'm serious.'

Gimara trembled, feeling a completely different energy from when they met at the castle. 

"great. We should get rid of the executioner first.°± As Lethe raised her hand, the hellfire that purifies all demons burned hot. 

'Mother of Hell.' 

If all demons are born with Satan's characteristics, Lethe turns all demons into primitives. 

°∞Yahweh°¶ °¶ 

Before she could even straighten her elbow, Ithaca lifted her head as she lay on her stomach. 

°∞Yahweh has deceived us.°± Hellfire is gone. 

Lian screamed. 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

Gehenna's chains protruded from her whole body and burrowed into her body as if it were going to eat them. 

°∞Hold on. It's your choice. This is the quickest way we can take.°± 

It takes three days to join the chain of Gehenna to the Idea in the usual way. 

Hence the random number. 

The karma code is randomly rotated to pull out the chain until a connection is made. 

°∞Huhhh...|°± 

Realizing that Lian's groans had died down, Magritte shuddered innocently. 

'It's a truly amazing body.' 

The pain Lian endures must be of a magnitude she has never experienced since she fell into hell. 

'Humans are a really strange species.'

How could I not hate Shirone for forcing me to suffer this unreasonable pain? 

'wait! I'm coming, Shirone!' 

As if she had been eaten, Lian's eyes burned with chains wrapped around her body. 

I couldn't stand the screams this time. 

°∞Aaaaaaa!°± 

With the sound of iron sliding, the untied chain sprang from Lian's palm. 

Then, he climbed the handle of the Daejikdo he was holding onto like a twist and combined the information. 

Seeing <Idea> glow red, Magritte exclaimed. 

"done!" 

If it was a normal sword, it would have melted in less than a second, but <Idea> was all there was to it. 

°∞It doesn°Øt break.°± 

That is Augent's conviction. 

As I gripped the handle of the large sword, I felt an explosion of hot flames. 

Magritte held out his hands. 

"for a moment! Not here!°± 

Before he could finish his words, <Idea> jumped out and crashed into the wall of the laboratory. 

°∞Huh!°± 

Lian's eyes widened, and enormous energy rushed through the chain. 

°∞Yaaaaa!°± 

The entire wall, which had been burning like lava, evaporated completely, blowing away the underground scenery. 

'Extreme purification ability.' Magritte trembled in his body.

'do. You can do this. It can purify all the karma of the true nature.' 

To put it in other words... °¶ . 

'The psychic realm opens.' 





New People (3) Closed 


room. 

In a space alone that even his entourage did not inform, Fermi opened a box mined by a mercenary group of parrots. 

It contained memo pads whose soil had not been removed and pieces of metal of unknown use. 

It was the future from the past. 

'Memory chips will take time to recover.' 

In addition to being buried for a long time, the hardware itself was severely damaged. 

Fermi put the chip down. 

'Careful, careful.' 

Complete recovery is difficult, but if you know even one word, the value is beyond imagination. 

Picking up the note with tweezers, Fermi gently shone on the light on the desk. 

someone's diary. 

°∞Let°Øs see.°± 

Or it may be the last long record written in despair before his death. 

°∞New people?°± 

With the word in his head, Fermi unfolded the double-folded paper with tweezers. 

It was an official document, half torn as if it had been destroyed, and had Eastern characters written on it. 

°∞Anyway, politicians°¶ °¶

A strong sense of duty not to hand over information to other countries even if the world perishes. 

He deciphered the letters with flexible thinking. 

'The second beast. Number 666 of the beast. 3-step filter to reach the end. Argones runaway possibility.' 

Putting down the document, Fermi rested his chin on his chin. 

'As expected, the end is inevitable. The human mind that has reached the singularity cannot ignore the outside world.' 

The singularity is separated by a three-stage filter. 

'Step 1 is awareness of the outside world. The second stage is contact with evidence from the outside world. And step 3... °¶ The photon field escapes.' 

According to Fermi's analysis, the current human race was just passing through the second stage filter. 

'That's the beginning of the new people.' 

More detailed information would need to be mined, but it was clear that it had something to do with the outside world. 

'Once you reach stage 3, the world ends somehow. But somehow... °¶ 

In his opinion, the end was as difficult as the integration of humanity into Ultima. 

'It's very difficult to go to extremes in any case. Besides°¶ °¶ 

Hadn't the guffin already left the photon field? 

"Hmm." 

Fermi tapped the tweezers. 

°∞You can°Øt necessarily think that you have entered the outside world just because you have left the photon field.°± 

Even so, I wanted to fill the gap in reason.

"or°¶ °¶ Or the concept of the outside world is completely different from what Guffin and us think.°± 

I couldn't be wary of what I didn't know. 

'A perfect end? Force beyond causality? Is this world a system that allows that?' 

In fact, even when Nane tried to close the world, didn't an existence called Shirone defend it? 

'That's the rule. It is a world in which extremes must have corresponding extremes.' Thus, the end is something that transcends the world. 

'I can't imagine. Apart from the function of the brain, it must be the kind that cannot be processed by our brain.' 

What kind of shape is it? 

°∞End of numbers.°± 

Any unimaginable shape would eventually come down to numbers. 

With a click, the tweezers were fixed on the desk, and Fermi's gaze was fixed on one of the notepads. 

'The second beast.' 

A being born first to receive the first beast and destroying the world. 

'Where is it?' 

Shirone will be there. 

Holding the official document with tweezers, Fermi carefully examined the seal on the torn area. 

°∞North War.°± 

After safely passing through the gate of Bukjeon, we entered the brewery called Bor Bor and Tanju. 

A young white student with swords on both sides lowered his head. 

°∞You are here.°± 

It was Tanjura's satellite Great Lakes.

°∞What about Mika?°± As the tent in the boudoir was removed, a stooped old man came out carrying a pot. 

He said after checking the stars. 

°∞Many of the residents have been replaced with new people. The owner of this brewery is also a rookie.°± 

Borvor's satellite, Mika, is an electromagnetic creature that can parasitize the bodies of others. 

Since there was no emotion from the beginning, Borbordo was indifferent when dealing with Mika. 

°∞What is the mechanism?°± 

°∞It uses a method of mutating surrounding organisms through mental radiation. It is similar to the technique used by Oh Dae-sung. A cloudy mind turns creatures around you into monsters.°± 

°∞It is quite dangerous. I felt complacent thinking that I only had to close down the area where the Pandemonium was open.°± 

°∞Mutations are unpredictable. Besides, this one can control the mind. This means he can mutate as he pleases.°± 

Tanjura's face contorted. 

°∞The ability to cause biological mutations. Seriously. If we can't get rid of it in the Northern War, the continent will collapse.°± 

Borbordo had the same idea. 

°∞Where are you now, the head of the new race?°± Daeho said. 

°∞Mika-san has searched for the city's base, but no one knows the location. There is a high probability that he will be by the side of the governor of Northern Jeon, Hwang Gak. Or the Hwanggak itself.°± 

°∞Sure. Then, meet Tae-soo and check it out.°±

Mika asked. 

°∞What about the body?°± 

°∞Kill.°± 

As soon as the instructions were given, Mika raised the water and stabbed herself in the heart. 

Moments later, an electric charge escaped from his corpse and seeped into Bor-Vor. 

- I took control of the brain waves. would i think? 

°∞No, process the signals coming from outside. Report any unusual mutations you notice.°± 

-All right. 

After leaving the brewery, the two stars and the two satellites headed straight for the inner gate. 

Mika, who had been silent until now, sent a powerful signal to Borbor's brain. 

- Not human. 

Although the appearance was the same as that of a human, the soldier's eyes did not contain any emotion. 

"What's going on?" Looking at the pointed spear, Tanjura said. 

°∞I came to see Taesu Hwanggak. If you kindly let me in, we are willing to talk.°± 

At the same time as the words ended, a powerful energy began to feel in the soldiers' bodies. 

- Back off. Analysis is not possible. 

It was a qualitatively different sense of intimidation from the creatures that Mika had been parasitic on. 

Borbor's gaze turned upward. 

'If the intensity of mutation increases at close range... °¶ The head of the new human race is in the castle.'

I don't know how powerful the mental radiation is, but the star of the ivory tower is probably no exception. 

°∞Chuck! Things that aren't even human are powerful. Now what?°± 

Borbor made a decision. 

°∞Forced Breakthrough.°± 

At the same time, the soldiers' skin was ripped open, revealing what looked like a mixture of humans and locusts. 

°∞Keeeh!°± 

Tanjura swallowed her saliva with excited eyes at the sound of screams from her gaping jaw. 

°∞Interesting.°± 

"stomach!" 

The moment Daeho shouted, a swarm of locusts filled the sky from the top of the wall. 

A munching sound was heard. 

°ÏUh uh ha ÔÀ? 

It was a 17-year-old girl who ate off the arm in front of the corpse of Taesu Hwang-gak. 

She had an innocent impression, as if she did not know the darkness, but her eyes were not human. 

"it's good." 

He sighed and tore the muscle in her arm, exposing the bone. 

°∞Piri.°± 

It is not the name her parents gave her. 

Evolving into a new human race, she gave herself a name that meant she had strayed from her reason. 

°∞Bad valve, are there any more like this? Strong human meat. I want to keep eating.°± 

At the end of Piri's gaze, there was a huge locust man standing over two meters tall.

The wings hidden inside the carapace fluttered, and the scorpion's tail rose higher than the top of its head. 

°∞This is not the time to enjoy eating. Quite powerful men have come outside the city gates.°± 

Piri's face was full of joy. 

"really? Can I have more delicious meat? What are you doing, don°Øt hurry up and catch me?°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ Aren't you staying too long? We must slowly destroy this city and leave.°± 

"haha! are you okay. we are strong You know that? No one in this world can beat us.°± 

It was true. 

They hadn't fought against all of humanity, but they knew exactly what they were. 

Such ability, such intelligence. 

'Have we become gods, we... °¶ ?' 

Piri held out her hand. 

"more. meat." 

The grasshopper's eyes stared at it, then it spread its wings and turned to the window. 

°∞I will be coloneled soon.°± 

The locust people who filled the front of the castle gate surrounded Jura and his body trembled. 

°∞Kyik! Kiik!°± 

The reason he can't move is because he was sentenced to prison by Tanjura. 

°∞The crime of causing trouble in the world, 600 years in prison! 987 years in prison for causing serious damage to the psyche of an innocent villager!°± As soon as the verdict was handed down, legal bindings bound the locust men.

°∞Therefore, taking all the charges together°¶ °¶ Tanjura tore the corner of her mouth. 

"execution." 

At the same time, Dae-ho flew in like the wind and swung the twin swords in his hands left and right at him. 

'Jakdu.' 

The faces of the grasshoppers were cut into chunks as if they were cutting through the landscape with scissors. 

°∞Chuck! I've been punished today as well.°± The cutting power of the cutting head using the law of the lever is theoretically unlimited. Tanjura happily touched his beard. 

'It's the same principle as being able to move a planet with an infinitely long pole and fixture.' 

Also, because of this, it was possible to inflict physical damage even in the state of 'imprisonment'. 

Borbor has arrived. 

°∞Don't be alarmed. The northern gateway to the Blue Dragon Mountains will not be destroyed to this extent.°± 

Dae-ho drew his sword. 

°∞They must be variants of the North War. Is it qualitatively different from the variant in the Blue Dragon Mountains?°± 

Before he could answer, the gates opened 

. When he saw a non-human being walking gracefully like a human. 

-You have to run away. 

Mika sent a warning, but Borbor couldn't take a step from the spot. 

'The moment it moves, it dies.' 

A bizarre feeling surrounded the locust man to such an extent that he could be sure.

'strong? so you can't win No, it's not that kind of temperament.' 

I don't know. 

The reason why I think it can never exist even though I haven't looked all over the universe... 

'What's wrong? Aura of shape? The bizarreness of evolution? No, it's all imaginable.' 

The only thing I can't imagine. 

'number.' 
'It has a number different from ours' 

, a remarkable parameter that arises when the information that composes it is expressed mathematically . 
something that doesn't exist anywhere in the universe. 

Her thoughts passed to Mika, and her judgment fell as quickly as electricity. 

°∞Run away!°± 

Tanjura and Daeho left their seats, and Borbor rushed forward. 

'It doesn't matter if I die... °¶ 

I had to avoid a situation where everyone in this place was wiped out and I couldn't report to the Ivory Tower. 

-I'll do it. 

When Mika was given control of her brain, Bor Bor's body flexed like rubber. 

That's when his limbs fly like whips and try to entwine the body of a locust human. 

- Unrecognizable. 

The appearance of the enemy evaporated, and a powerful shock was delivered to Borbor's back. 

°∞Ouch!°± 

delivered by Mika.

-89% of brain functions were paralyzed. You will go into a coma for a while. 

'no. Make the most of your time.' 

- I refuse. 

The locust man with the unconscious Borbor wrapped around his waist looked towards the castle gate. 

°∞Should I chase you?°± 

He was conflicted for a moment, but his throat fell out, so he remembered the image of Piri waiting for him. 

°∞Because it is delicious to eat while alive.°± 

The door to his introspection was closed. 

Tanjura's eyes burned red. 

°∞Aww! Goyan bastards!°± 

He is running away like crazy, but his heart has tore the locust man a thousand times. 

°∞Fix it. Reporting comes first.°± 

When Daeho's ability, Jakdu, opened the gates of the outer fortress, an open field came into view. 

"Uh'?" 

Tanjura's eyebrows twitched, and both of them hurriedly stopped. 

°∞Oh Dae-seong?°± 

Shirone was walking with the two apostles. 





Rookie (4) 


°∞I°Øm back.°± 

Badvalve carefully put down the fainted Bor Levor in front of Piri. 

°∞Hey, it°Øs meat.°± 

The girl's eyes, looking at Borvor, turned black like obsidian, and a small light appeared. 

'Eye of flute.' 

Bardvalve shuddered.

'Her gaze is not subject to an act of observation. Therefore, they are perfectly free from the law.' 

It is possible to control quantum signals. 

°∞Then where shall we eat?°± 

Just as Piri was about to rip off Borbor's arm, the door to the boudoir slammed open. 

°∞Piri.°± 

The locust people were crying. 

°∞I°Øm sorry. Her co-workers were brutally beaten by that woman. I'm sorry. Please give me a chance to get revenge.°± 

Piri, who alternately watched the locust man and Borbor, readily agreed. 

°∞Okay, take me.°± No matter how good a person is, food is anyway. 

°∞We are new people. It's different from humans who commit fratricide to each other in order to eat more.°± 

"thank you! thank you!" 

As the locust humans dragged Borbor along, Badvalve shrugged. 

°∞I thought you would like it.°± 

°∞You have to be able to share. Until now, humans have dominated and ate everything on the planet. Now we just keep humans as livestock.°± 

To the new race, humans were just that. 

°∞Kuaaa!°± 

At that time, at the sound of screaming outside, Badvalve approached the window and inspected the castle wall. 

°∞I will bring you a better one.°± 

When the wind swept through the inner room, not even a trace of the grasshopper's body could be found.

°∞Krr. Krrr.°± 

Tanjura shuddered as she saw Shirone, whose light smoke rose like a haze. 

'Is this Yahweh's power?' 

It was the Hand of God's blow that destroyed over 300 locust people. 

'The realm of seeing the principles of all things as a single form. It can be said to be the end of enlightenment, but... °¶ 

White Dragon Assryker said. 

°∞No surprise there. The Messiah is the one who will save mankind. It is natural that the class is different.°± 

Tanjoura flapped her fan. 

°∞Hmmmm, what a surprise. I just confirmed Oh Dae-seong°Øs skills through the eyes of a large crowd.°± 

He couldn't bear to look at her. 

°∞A locust°¶ °¶ 

When Shirone muttered with a serious expression, Gaitan, the Earth Dragon, moved. 

°∞Do you have any problems?°± 

°∞The swarm of locusts in the East is a symbol of disaster. destroy the rice Therefore, this type of mutation is not accidental. It is a message to humans.°± 

°∞I guess you could interpret it that way. But it doesn't look very threatening.°± 

°∞The problem is that we controlled the mutation.°± 

That was the point.

°∞Hexa can change the law, but she can't control mutations. Because humans are beings with a mind. There will be an intermediate value where the quantum signals of each other collide.°± 

According to each person's personality, it would mutate into numerous forms. 

As-Skiker came out. 

°∞You mean the enemy we're dealing with has complete control over the human mind? That's impossible. Because there is no way to simultaneously observe the electron's position and velocity.°± 

Gaitan added. 

°∞The mind is a quantum signal. The trajectory of a stone's throw is already determined by the law, but what kind of mind a human will have one second later exists only as a probability. Even if he offers bread to him because he is hungry, he cannot guarantee that he will eat it 100 percent.°± 

Shirone was still lost in thought. 

°∞It is the quantum signal that embodies the uncertainty of the mind, and that is why humans define the world. If he is a being who can deny this fact°¶ °¶ 

Gaitan fell silent at the terrifying conclusion. 

'The outside world.' 

The only phase in which the position and speed of an electron can be observed simultaneously is outside the universe. 

'And that means... °¶ 

Even the human mind is not something that can be accurately measured there. 

°∞Messiah.°± 

"Know." 

Shirone finished his thoughts.

°∞Are we the mind or the program? Nothing will change. There are mistakes in the mind, and errors in the program.°± 

The Miracle Stream swayed and transformed into a giant Hand of God. 

°∞How are you, Mr. Tanjura?°± 

Tanjura stopped fanning him and asked again. 

"Yes? What do you mean?°± 

°∞A mutant who felt out of place. Do you think you can subdue that mutant with the Hand of God?°± 

After a while, the answer came. 

°∞°¶ °¶ It will probably be difficult.°± 

The two apostles showed displeasure, but Shirone meekly nodded. 

°∞I think I know roughly. From now on, I will give you the instructions. Mr. Tanjura, report to Sang A Tower. And Earth Dragon and White Dragon rescue Borbor.°± 

°∞However, I can°Øt leave the Messiah behind°¶°± 

°∞You guys are the ones who are having a hard time. Borbor's mental mobility is an essential weapon for humanity. I can't sacrifice it now. Bring me alive by any means necessary.°± 

Just as the two apostles were making faces that didn't look right, a large body fell from the sky with a thump. 

Tanjura's body froze in the familiar shape of a locust. 

°∞I am Bad Valve.°± 

°∞°¶ °¶ I will go first.°± 

As Riker and Gaitan kicked off the ground and rose up, farther into the sky.

Badbelb, who had been following the scene with his eyes, turned his attention to Tanjura again. 

°∞You are that guy. Did he bring a stronger human? He did a good job of letting go, too.°± 

His pride was hurt, but he couldn't afford to consider her feelings. 

°∞Keugh!°± 

As Tanjura spurred away from the ground, Bar Devalve's vocal organs trembled. 

°∞Quack! I knew it. But I don't like releasing it twice.°± 

The bard valve that disappeared without even feeling appeared behind Tanjura like an afterimage. 

'I can kill this and take it.' As she tried to rip Jura's claws from the claws of the locusts, she felt a great force at her side. 

"yes?" 

When she came to her senses, she was enveloped in light, and her consciousness vibrated in that state. 

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 

The bad valve that flew through all the buildings in the northern part of the city rolled roughly on the ground. 

He, who had buried his head in the cold soil for a long time, turned his head and asked. 

°∞What are you?°± 

Shirone was walking. 

°∞That is what I want to ask. Where do you come from? Why are you in this world?°± 

I didn't want to talk about Piri. 

°∞Are you the king of men?°± 

Bardvalve, with its limbs attached to the ground and its back erect, was in the shape of a grasshopper.

°∞Cheuk, then that°Øs fine. We can give our king the ultimate taste.°± 

Before he could finish his words, Bard Valve leaped and swung his claws at Shirone. 

His quantum movement is triggered. 

°∞Keugh!°± 

All of Shirone's chances were caught in the grasshopper's claws, sending out hundreds of shockwaves per second. 

'As expected, this guy... °¶ 

In front of the power that penetrates the Miracle Stream's defense wall, Shirone realized. 

' different.' 

A sense of incongruity, as if a certain part of a picture was cut out and attached to a completely different picture. 

'I'm not a being created from the cosmic constant of this world. It's an absolutely different sign.' 

In the beginning, when the universe was born, the total amount of energy was fixed 

. In other words, the mathematical limit of the universe, the limit of physical quantity, is set. 

'If there is an outside world, our world would be blocked by a barrier of rational numbers.' 

For example, if the limit for the most powerful explosion and fastest speed in the universe is set at 99. 

'No phenomenon can exceed 99. The moment you cross it, it will be an error and the system will correct the world.' 

However, it seems that Bard Valve, which I am dealing with now, is crossing the limit. 

The total amount of figures may be similar, but there was something that overwhelmed Shirone in certain areas.

'Especially the ability to detect time.' 

A sense of time-lapse that pierces through even the quantum signal of indignation. 

'It's dangerous.' 

Sensing a crisis even more in terms of the form in the early stages of its occurrence, Shirone increased its power. 

"Kiii!" 

Hand of God thumped and slammed the ground, and Bard Valve's body, which blocked her face, tightened tightly. 

' It's awesome.' 

Even if it is a livestock, if it is in this state, it has no choice but to clap. 

'no. We are the rulers.' 

Bard Valve, who recalled the philosophy of the new race, moved his body more quickly and attacked. 

Lights flashed all over the city, and the tiled houses evaporated with the heat alone. 

'It's here.' 

Bad Valve pierced the barrier and threw his fist at Shirone. 

A mushroom cloud rose. 

Shirone exhaled heavily in the clear, clean field of a radius of several hundred meters. 

°∞Whoa!°± 

Bardvalve's shoulders trembled. 

'Did you stop it?' 

A physically impossible phenomenon. 

'Could it be like Piri? no, that can't be Cattle and such have such an ability... °¶ 

Hand of God - the skill of the hand. 

If Bad Valve is certain of something, Shirone can fool his heart. 

°∞Where are the childish pranks!°±

The moment Bard Valve guessed the trick and raised his other hand, he heard the sound of a gong cutting through the air from across the sky. 

A sword emitting white light dug straight into the locust's side. 

°∞Kuaaa!°± 

Shirone's eyes widened. 

'This???????' 

Sermon-Moon. 

Bard Valve, who had been pushed several tens of meters away with a scream, trembled and wriggled. 

"it hurts! what's this!" 

Moments later, a man who fell from a place higher than the sky landed next to Shirone. 

"me : yes." 

°∞You°Øre running hard today too, Shiro-ye.°± 

Since they weren't shaking hands and smiling, Shirone asked with caution. 

°∞Why are you here all of a sudden?°± 

"that." 

Nane pointed to the locust man. 

°∞I was watching from the lunar surface, but it didn°Øt feel right. I have something to discuss with you.°± 

"top?" 

°∞The outside world. Things are a lot more complicated with you messing around.°± 

Shirone frowned. 

°∞That would be your position. If you had changed your mind from the start, none of this would have happened.°± 

°∞These insignificant livestock!°± 

Badvalve shuddered and shouted.

°∞How dare you harm me, who will lead the future of the new race! I'll give you a piece! I'm going to chew and eat it!" 

The conversation between the two was cut off. 

°∞I will withdraw my words that I will offer it to Piri-nim alive! Don't inflict pain instead! great pain! The worst you can feel as a living being... °¶ !°± 

"shut up." 

When the two of them turned their heads at the same time, the bard valve's shouts suddenly stopped. 

°∞First, let°Øs deal with this and talk.°± 

°∞I will.°± 

Shirone turned around first, and Nane followed him slowly. 

'What, what?' 

Bardvalve backed away involuntarily. 

'I'm afraid of cattle or something? No, that's impossible.' 

Still, the legs did not move. 

'What the hell are those things?' Yahweh's Hand of God covered the sky and Buddha's sermons poured down like showers. 

°∞Kiaaaaa!°± 

born and became king 

And at this moment, Bad Valve regretted choosing life for the first time. 

'No no!' 

A flash of light exploded, and what should not exist in this world returned to nothing. 

continues in the next volume