
Unconnected Sin (1)

The army of Hell, which had occupied the Denan Plain, moved towards Tormia at high speed.

In the center was Habitz, and after that, Gustav 4th cadets followed closely on horseback.

"let's go! let's go!"

Zetaro threw off his bottoms and underwear and performed a running stunt while standing on the saddle.

"Did you see it? This is true art!" Natasha asked.

"But why are you taking off everything underneath?"

"Center of gravity." Natasha, lost in her thoughts, turned her head back without saying a word, and her sumodo smiled.

After looking at Havitz's back, Zetaro became sullen.

'He doesn't laugh all these days.'

A huge event was waiting for such a trivial joke.

Balkan's expression was also not good.

'I'm totally hooked. I can't stop doing this.'

It was the reason why they couldn't go out even though they knew that the Tormia foot soldiers were using a lure book.

'The troop loss was too great.'

At the cliff of the abyss, the damage suffered by Son Yu-jeong reaches 30% of the entire force.

It was a situation where there was no choice but to take responsibility, and in the end, the right to speak passed to Paimon, a soldier of the demon tribe.

'Anyway, that's my mistake. But... ...

Ever since Son Yoo-jung's fall, there was one thought that has not left my head.

'What if the temple was after this? In other words, if you're thinking of hitting us with something that's equivalent to breaking... ... It wouldn't have been a mere 30 percent loss.

'It is annihilation.'

If the annihilation of the demons was guaranteed, the holy war would also be willing to sacrifice its allies.

'It's likely, no, it's certain. I don't know what means, but I'm sure they're aiming for it.'

It is the thought of dying together.

'Crazy guy.'

Balkans aren't insane by nature, but the soldiers of the temple are also going crazy.

'And even now his head is spinning.'

The situation in which they were chasing the Tormia army also meant that it was the design of the enemy military.

'Dangerous. I want to change the route.' Probably impossible.

The strategy Paimon suggested was so destructive that it was unthinkable without her.

'If you open the Demon Realm, Paimon will also disappear.' Demons were willing to accept extinction in order to gain great pleasure.

'It's the same with Havitz.'

Natasha asked.

"What's wrong, Vulcan? What's wrong?" "No, there's something I'd like to suggest from a strategic point of view, but I don't think Harvits will listen."

"Hmm."

She said scratching her chin.

"Wouldn't it be better to let you know? After all, the choice is made by Havitz."

"I guess so."

Balkan, who judged that there was a point, approached Havitz, kicking the horse's side.

"Havitz, I have something to say... ...

Vulcan's mouth was closed.

I saw Havitz rubbing his right eyeball until his skin turned red.

"what's the matter?"

"I have bugs in my eyes."

"bug?"

Like a fly trapped in a pupil, it flew around Havitz's field of vision.

Harvits turned his head and asked.

"What are you talking about?"

Vulcan, who couldn't find anything in his eyes, came to his senses and said.

"Ah, I want to change the route. Somehow the enemy seems to be luring us."

"Know."

Havitz scratched his eyes until they bled.

"It doesn't matter anyway. There are also humans there. We're not going to win. I am going to kill you."

It's a terrible philosophy, but... ... .

"I'm telling you for sure, we could be annihilated if we don't. It is such a serious matter."

"Yes or no."

Habitz, who raised his bloody eyes, bit the corner of his mouth wickedly.

"I'm not going to die anyway."

Habitz raised both hands and dug out the eyes of the white horse he was riding with his fingers.

Kihehehehehehe!

At the same time as the beast screamed, Satan's incarnation art, Vanishing, was activated.

"Hey! What!"

As if he had been originally blind, the horse galloped forward, kicking the ground vigorously.

Then, when his legs got twisted and he fell over, Havitz, which bounced off, rolled on the floor.

"Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha!"

= = = = = = = 1

nrn?rnr is~i¡ª?!

Numerous legs passed by him, but none of them touched the body.

'Death doesn't happen.' so it's perfect

'If this world is an illusion, a fly clung to the inside of Havitz's retina as he rolled on the ground, revealing grotesque teeth.

"I am the biggest mistake!"

As he unbanished, he stretched out his arms, and one of the demons grabbed his hand and put him on a horse.

"Let's go, take everything!"

Havitz's voice coming from the rear was vividly conveyed to Gustav 4th.

Royal Crete. On the 4th basement level, which is known as a top secret, the National Intelligence Service staff were dealing with intelligence.

Among them, a confidential meeting was held in a so-called 'dark room' where access was restricted except for code black.

"Whoa."

Sitting cross-legged on a box in front of the wall, Dante let out a long puff of cigarette smoke.

Even if the name is a darkroom, there is lighting.

However, the light did not enter his face, and the heavy darkness was thick.

Shion's sorceress, Lyria, shot.

"Why are you holding such a form? Does that make an ugly face look handsome?"

They were comfortable with each other as they had once sealed the ice queen together, but today the atmosphere was different.

When Dante raised his cold gaze, she shrugged her shoulders and slightly turned her head.

"No, my expression is too serious... ...

Lyria's eyebrows twisted.

"wait for a sec. This bastard is really cute, so he climbs all the way to her head?"

Eden, the monk of the temple, dried up.

"Don't fight. I don't have time to be doing this. Anyway, why aren't you coming here?"

said Armin.

"I can't help it if I can't make it on time. I have no choice but to perform with this member."

Sein nodded in agreement, while Quan showed no emotion.

"Im here."

The door opened and Mayray entered.

"Forgive me for being late."

She wore short black hair and a dress with a pale face, but she couldn't hide her bony body.

said Armin.

"I heard about it from Dante. Supported the Temple's atomic bomb project."

It was the role of finding out those who leaked secrets with the ability of Daejeonghwagi's ears.

"Yes. It's not finished yet, but I'm the receiver anyway, so there's no problem with my mission. And they are as important as these guided elemental bombs gathered here."

Kuan muttered.

"Assassination of Harvits."

The atmosphere that had been relaxed for a while became heavy again, and Dante slowly stood up.

"I don't have much time, so I'll check it briefly."

Six people's eyes were focused.

"There is still a lack of information, but there are three major characteristics of atrocities estimated by mankind."

Dante raised three fingers.

"First, a fixed future. Of all the probabilities that can happen by the law, it is the furthest away from death. Second, the absence of an incident. His incarnations seem to deny the perception of existence. Third, the prison of time."

The reason this information is confidential is because I heard it through the reunion channel, not the Tormia channel.

"In the words of Shirone, there is a certain time period within the concept of time that the law cannot penetrate. It is only a moment, but nothing can happen in that moment."

Lyria said.

"In the end, it means that you are free from all laws related to the future, present, and past. Are you just invincible?"

"yes. The other day, a prosecutor named Lian had some suspicions about the absence of a case. This is almost the only case."

Mach's Knight.

"And cut the entire radius. I could never have gotten out of it, but I couldn't kill Harvits. Only 12 black traces remained. Shirone calls her Shiok."

Quan reacted.

"Lian... ... You said you couldn't cut it?"

Quan knew best what the power of that ignorant guy's sword was.

"Yes. It's not an opponent to subdue by force. That is why we need your help."

It was a project that Zion's executives had been designing since they came to Tormia under Miro's instructions.

"First of all, Armin-san's stop magic." It makes many things possible.

"With time stopped, we will infiltrate into the center of the army of hell and approach Havitz."

Dante looked back at Lyria.

"Then you take Havitz out of line through the law. You know how to connect space, right?"

"of course. But will it really work?"

Satan is outside the law.

"If you are a totemist, it is possible. You can set the trap in a non-Satan space."

Dante continued his explanation.

"It's a full-scale battle if you take Habitz off. the future determined first. I think this can be offset by Sein-san's iron wheel. In addition, Sein-san takes command of the battle."

It was the best order in the world.

"The second is the absence of an incident. This will be countered through Mei Lei's ear. I will also use <Nemesis>, an object that was effective in Operation La Enemie. It is to share the sound."

Lyria licked her lips.

"In the end, you just have to listen and fight. Well, should I say that it's a sense of virtuousness?"

"It is different from the case of La Enemie. Only Mei Ray, or Terraforce, can recognize Havitz."

Mayray came out.

"To be precise, it is to listen to the quantum code, the heart, among the waves. Photon code, no sound can be heard. The waves inside Havitz will be delivered to me. It is a fact confirmed to the Supreme Court Justice."

"Well, in the past, Terraforce has placed the hearts of mankind and distinguished between good and evil. Looking at it, do you think the sound of your heart is different from your thoughts?"

"Yes. It's a wave that represents the whole of the object. Shall we call it the genetics of the mind? Analyzing a specific section of the signal can also tell you where Harvitz is going to move. The problem is manipulating the waves, I think it's impossible, but if it's Satan... ...

Dante continued his explanation.

"Including that, Eden protects the combatants. It's a role to prevent a situation where Havitz raids."

"okay. Then all that remains is a prison of time."

"Yes, it is quite difficult. Stop won't work. Because we can't already recognize it at the moment the prison is activated. But if you think the other way around, it could be an opportunity."

Dante raised his index finger.

"After all, it is a defensive ability. It is said that you cannot attack with Shiok. Therefore, we can hit it first before it activates."

"Before triggering? Is that possible?"

"Usually impossible. Shiok is an immediate enemy. If it's the only way... ... Dante turned to the man in the corner.

"Clown Pierrot."

The extremes of asymmetry beyond the recognition of the other party clearly transcended technology and reached the depths of the law.

Quan was speechless.

"The key is to decapitate Havitz before he can cast Hell. It is the most important role. Can you?" Is the spear first or the shield first?

"... ... That's ridiculous."

While everyone was waiting for an answer, Quan said with a cold smile.

"You shouldn't think that you are the same as that stupid disciple."

Unconnected Sin (2)

Armin knew that he was not underestimating Lian's skills.

'In terms of the power of the sword, the orthodoxy is that there is no one who can follow Macha's knights.'

However, if it was limited to technology, Kuan's movement could be said to be the strongest among mankind.

'Bypassing Havitz's perception. If Quan can't do it, nobody else can.'

With Sein's Iron Eye and Mei Lei's ability, 'God's Frequency', it wasn't impossible.

'Even if it's a 1% chance, it's worth trying. Harvits is that kind of person.'

When the atrocities are eliminated, the war is over.

"Before I go, I have a confession to make." Mayray said.

"Terraforce is basically a race that pursues goodness. However, when there is an all-out war between good and evil, I will no longer intervene in human affairs."

Sein said.

"I know. Terraforce judges humanity and destroys everything if evil wins. Of course, I wonder what meaning there is in the yard where Sun is defeated... ... said Armin.

"It means that if the all-out war between good and evil begins, even the 'God's Frequency' ability will be unusable."

"Yes. Maybe this will be your last chance. So I want to do it now."

"what?"

Instead of answering, Mayray held out her hand to Dante.

"Do you have an awl or something sharp?"

Dante walked over to his desk and threw an awl from a drawer.

"thank you."

Mayray grabbed the handle and continued, aiming the tip of the awl at her ear hole.

"The frequency of the out-of-regulation scene is triggered by the act of covering your ears. It blocks the waves of the world and accepts only the frequency of Terra Force. However, there is a limit to blocking by hand. It mixes with noise."

Mei-Lei, who stopped talking there, inserted an awl into her ear and pierced her eardrum.

Then, slowly, my nerves raced and my eyelids fluttered.

But that was all the change, and Mayray pulled out the awl with a calm expression.

"It's done."

Blood poured out of his ear and dripped down his ear lobe.

"There is no problem if you just listen to the sound, but the waves in your heart are quite sensitive. I lost my right hearing, so maybe I can hear you a little more clearly."

After receiving the awl Mayray threw, Dante swung his arm and sprayed blood on the floor.

Sein, who assumed the role of Order, checked the time.

"Okay then let's go. Hell's army is advancing on Tormia. Before that, you have to leave Harvits."

As the assassination squad followed Sain through the door, Dante called someone.

"Lia Lia."

"Uh'?"

"be careful."

Lillia burst out laughing.

"I really don't worry...

Lilia, who suddenly realized, turned to Dante.

"Today is really strange. Isn't that the style?"

"what?"

"Why so serious, the coolest person in the world? You are the coolest when you do what you want."

Her cheeks turned slightly red, but Lilia returned with a serious expression and said.

"I don't know what you're thinking, but don't let your emotions sway you. I mean do it like you Because I'm scared."

The joke that a sudden change in personality would lead to death had some truth in the law.

"yes."

After seeing Dante's relaxed smile, Lilia nodded her head in relief.

"Then, I'll go." The door closed, and Dante returned to the shadow of the wall, sat down on the box, and smoked again.

'Iruki.'

We're not particularly close, but that's why the word let's have a drink lingered around.

"There should be something to eat."

Having made a decision, Dante jumped up and stepped out the door, and went out to the deputy chief of the security team and bowed his head.

"Chief, I have something to report to you. The operating code of the flower... ...

"Ena-san takes care of it."

Ena, who was handing over the papers, looked up.

"Yes? what is that... ... ?"

"I will delegate all authority of the rope. If it's Ena-san, there won't be a need for a handover."

The flowers would be controlled by the Hwajok, so it didn't matter who opened the code.

"Ah, there... ...

Ena, who was looking around, realized that it was a promotion and accepted it.

"What is the team leader going to do?"

Contrary to the cool smile, Dante's eyes were burning with fighting spirit.

"To the battlefield."

Hiding deep underground, he would not be fiddling with a piece of code.

"Because I feel like I'm going crazy because I'm pissed off."

Omega Year 892.

Guided by the inhabitants of Eden, who had also increased their numbers over a long period of time, the Guffins entered heaven again.

But the angels were not alone in peace.

"Why?"

Kariel, who analyzed Gaia's technology through Babel, created numerous ancient weapons.

"Why did you come back?"

As it will definitely be different from the previous war, Ikael was happy to see Guffin's return, but he was also terrified.

"Are you going to fight again? Aren't you tired? Acknowledge your limitations. Humans have already been defeated."

War is where the winner gets everything.

"Heaven has mastered all human skills and developed them further. If we try again, the result will be the same."

Ashur arrived just then.

"Ikael."

Before he could catch his breath, he checked the guffin's face and gritted his teeth as well.

'Is the war between gods and humans starting again?'

Asked whether he knew Ashur's thoughts or not, Guffin deftly spread his arms.

"Did you miss me? It seemed like she was welling up with tears."

Ikael couldn't understand.

"Are you saying that now? You don't think that our past has disappeared just because time has passed, don't you?"

"You are misunderstanding something. We are not here to fight."

"yes?"

Ikael, who blinked for a moment and was lost in thought, subtly showed a bright color.

"... ... Are you going to surrender?"

If Gaiain raised the white flag, he could do as much as possible to raise his status.

"no. We do not recognize Ankera."

Ikael raised his voice, feeling that he was playing a joke on himself.

"I didn't come here to fight, so you said you wanted to become a god? Are you trying to play with me now?"

"Maybe it is." Guffin held out his hand.

"As a representative of Gaia, I request a meeting with Ankera. Take me to Ra."

Ikael, as well as the numerous angels who had already arrived, opened their mouths in a daze.

"directly... ... You want to meet me?"

"yes. How long our war has been I, having fought all the battles, know best. I don't want to engage in ridiculous wars of attrition anymore. The reason I came back is to build a deal with Ra."

Matthew shouted.

"A trivial human subject will accept a god? Even angels cannot see without a call!"

"If you don't like... ...

Guphin's eyes lighted up, and Gaia's Idea expanded enormously and pierced the sky.

"I'll try again, okay?"

Most of the angels showed hostility, but none expressed it out loud.

'No matter how good the odds are in heaven...' ...

They are Gaians.

Memories of battle etched for eons passed through the minds of the angels.

'Every time I thought it was over, I persistently turned the situation around. That's the most irritating thing.'

Will you fight or compromise?

While the angels were divided in their thoughts, Ikael stepped forward as the representative.

"You, who deny God, say you will meet God? No words will convince him."

"you can do it."

Ikael's eyebrows twitched.

"I will stay."

While the angels were agitated, Ichael focused his attention on Guffin.

"I will give up being a god. Instead, send the remaining Gaians away. Will this be enough to negotiate?"

"uh... ...

Realizing that figuring out Ankera's intentions is the first step, Ikael stopped talking.

"good."

Her voice was amplified through ataraxia, a symbol of the archangel's power.

"I will arrange a meeting. However, the only person who can participate in the conference is you."

"that's enough."

When Guffin looked back, the Gaians who filled the land blocked the link at the same time.

Depending on the outcome of the meeting, a war could start, so the angels also kept their seats.

The guffin floated into the sky and approached Ikael.

"Then shall we go?"

"huh."

She turned away coldly, but her face was crumpled as she quickly moved away.

' Sigh.'

Why are you doing this?

'Since interest disappeared, how many regrets have I had?'

If I had held on a little stronger at the last moment, if I had honestly thrown my heart into it.

said Guffin, who had approached him before he knew it.

"You look like you have something to say."

"That... ...

Ikael's lips moved, but no words came out, as if a curtain had been pulled over his throat.

"If you remain in heaven, do you intend to stay with us?"

She realized how difficult it is to put her heart into sound.

"Hmm."

Guffin nodded.

"Perhaps it will?"

"yes??????

The answer was somewhat lacking, but Ikael turned his head back and a smile appeared on his lips.

"Good idea. I don't help much."

Ikael arrived at Arabot, unaware that Guffin's eyes were locked in sorrow.

Arriving on the top floor where Ankera is staying, she prostrated herself in front of the door.

"Anker Rassi, MacLean Guffin, the representative of the Gaians, has requested a meeting."

The door opened slowly, and the sound of the Ankera's beating like a drum escaped.

= = =

It was bizarre to see a huge chunk of meat beating like a heart, but Guffin wasn't surprised.

Ikael stood up, showing his bright colors.

"He agreed to the meeting. You have to be polite. Come see me when you're done."

"Ichael."

Ikael, who was trying to avoid his seat, turned around.

"Why?"

He fought fiercely for a huge amount of time, but it was the first time he had a sad face.

'but. Why should I give up what I wanted so much?'

Ikael comforted me.

"Don't be too sad. There are also ways to live happily with us. Ankera-sama too... ...

"The mind connects."

After tapping his chest twice, Guffin extended his index finger and pointed at Ikael.

"I want you to continue."

"What do you mean?"

Ikael tilted his head and asked, but Guffin didn't answer, but turned around and approached Anker Ra.

"for a moment! Guffin... ... !"

The moment she reached out her hand, the stone door slammed shut, blocking her eyes.

It was a sacred realm.

"Ankera."

Its heartbeat stopped for a moment as the guffin stepped towards the massive monster that reached the ceiling.

With the sound of a drum, the center of the leather opened horizontally, and the eyeballs protruded convexly.

"vein... ... snap! Cla... ... snap! sign... ... Nerve endings on all sides tuned the sound waves, producing a raspy sound.

"Guffin."

Finally, the stable sound was so magnificent and calm that it could be said to be the voice of a god.

"You who deceived the world and denied the law, why are you looking for me?" "You know what? I will leave the photon field. There's a way to not destroy the world. So let all the Gaians leave except for me."

"No."

Anke Ra was adamant.

"You have caused trouble every moment of time. I don't trust your words."

"So you are not a god." A very long silence followed.

"... ... What do you mean?"

"Because I don't believe it means I don't know. If you don't know me, you're not God. So, why don't we negotiate who the true God is here?"

"A bargain?"

Gazing at his reflection in Anchera's pupil, the guffin opened its arms.

"Swallow me."

Unconnected Sin (3)

ridge! ridge! ridge!

Whenever dozens of tons of muscle mass pulsated, the skin of the guffin tingled.

The beat's rhythm became faster.

The sanctuary filled with sound until there was no empty space for sound waves, and finally.

ridge!

After the final echo, silence came.

"why me?"

Ankera's eyelids rose from the top and bottom to create slender, open eyes.

"I am everything in this world. He is the one who defined everything. I have no reason to negotiate with you."

"Then define me."

Ankera's upper eyelid drew a V.

"You can't define me. Because I don't know. The only thing in this world I don't know, isn't that me?"

Hexa.

"So stop bullying the women and let's compete together. If you can swallow me, this world becomes clear again."

Squeak! Squeak! Squeak!

Nerve endings scattered in all directions collided, creating an appalling noise.

'They're in conflict.'

Watching Ankera's pupils contract and relax repeatedly, Guffin was lost in thought.

'I am the challenger, but Ang Kera has the pride of being a god.'

The Akashic Records and the Ultima System.

'Let's stick together, who is the god.'

The two laws penetrating the world were oppressing each other with fierce force.

all.

Ikael, who put his ear close to the door of the sanctuary where Anchera was, blinked.

I know I can't hear it, but Guffin's last words are strangely etched in my mind.

'The mind leads.'

I could understand that much.

'You want me to continue? to whom? If I am a being that can connect hearts... ...

Ikael sighed.

'I hope it will be resolved well.' Even now, the angels and the Gaians were in a tense confrontation in the vast expanse of heaven.

'I can't repeat the same war.'

Suddenly, I had this thought.

'Or am I... just hoping that the guffin doesn't leave this place?'

there is no answer.

As the silence in the sanctuary grew longer, Ikael's heart burned with nervousness.

"good."

Ankera made the decision.

"I grant access to the Akashic Records. But you too will permeate the whole and lose your will."

Guffin nodded meekly.

"It doesn't matter, as long as you keep your promise. Liberate all Gaians except me from the photon world."

It took 3 minutes for the answer to be printed.

"I allow it."

Estimated by Ankera's thought speed, this was more than enough time to count all the atoms in the universe.

"Are you confident?"

"I take you apart and return you to the world. Everything will be under my control."

Ankera's nerve trunks approached the guffin and wrapped around its legs.

By the time it passed the knee and reached the neck by the waist, the guffin slowly closed its eyes.

'This is my only chance. And... ...

Guffin's eyes flashed open.

'This is the last gamble!

Light exploded from Guffin's pupils the moment Anchera's nerve terminals penetrated his ears.

"Aaaaaaa!"

As the Akashic Records invaded the Ultima System, they began absorbing all sources.

"Kick! A cheat job!"

The moment Ankera's pupils literally shake at the speed of light and try to dismantle Hexa.

"Hey hey hey hey!"

A roar of electromagnetic waves pierced the sanctuary and spread all over Heaven, and Ikael received the greatest shock.

"Huh!"

She put her ear to the door, barely calmed the swaying asteroid and bent her back.

'Ankera's scream.'

Even Ikael was the first.

'Why? What the hell is going on inside?'

He wanted to break down the door to get in, but Ikael had no such option in his mind.

"Kik! Queek! Good luck!"

In the light-filled sanctuary, the guffin was held up to the ceiling, connected to nerve terminals.

He mobilized all of his abilities called Anke.

'All authority belongs to me.'

It controlled Guffin's thoughts, will, and spirit, but even so, Hexa did not disintegrate.

'why?'

The confusion she experienced for the first time since birth stirred painfully in Ra's nerves.

'What the hell is this?' infinite.

'No, it's impossible. Endlessness is a quality not endowed with any being. If you can't absorb... ...

Destroy.

Ankera sent out a series of high-frequency sounds and sent a signal of destruction to Hexa.

Shocked, Guffin's body trembled, but the concept of Hexa did not even crack.

'It can't be like this.'

Even if he used all the concepts that existed in the world, he could not access Hexa. 'Only illusions are being repeated endlessly.' Ankera's accident, which went around the entire universe and returned to the origin, reached the word of the Guffin.

'Why can't I become a god?'

At this moment, at this point, Ankera's Akashic Records encounter errors for the first time.

'no.'

Unresolvable error.

'God is me. We have to start from there.'

The biggest problem in space has occurred.

Ankera, who oversees the whole, denies the problem itself, not the resolution of the error.

"I am everything!"

An order has been given to all the concepts created by Anchera, that is, to all angels.

"Punish the Gaians! Eliminate all errors that have occurred in this world!"

Hearing the voice received through the Astral Body, Ikael raised his head.

" what... ...

The war begins.

Of course, the archangel Ikael must also go to the battlefield, but her eyes were fixed on the door.

'I need to know, what happened.'

Her fingertips trembled as she headed for the door.

'no. Don't open it without Anchera-sama's permission. It's not the authority given to me.'

Guffin.

As electricity bounced through the starlight, the voice of a guffin I had heard long ago came to mind.

- You have to choose for yourself.

Ikael's face turned into a tear.

"Huh!"

A groan leaked through his teeth and his face wrinkled, but his hands finally reached the door.

"Oh God... ...

Blasphemy caused by the archangel.

"you can do it."

Pushing the weight of her body into the palm of her hand, she raised her eyes and shouted.

"I can choose!"

The heavy door was pushed inward with a bang, clearing the view.

"This, this?"

The guffin caught on Ankera's nerves was floating in the air, flapping its limbs.

Ankera nervously spread the sound waves.

"Who gave you permission to enter the sanctuary?" Ikael was confused.

"Great Anchera, what is the situation? Why is the guffin running like that... ...

"good. Punish the Gaians."

The thought that the results would never be what Guffin wanted held her back.

"Tell me! Did the guffin agree? Or even being disrespectful at a conference... ...

As Ankera opened her eyes, her veins gushed and all her nerves scraped through the air at Mach speed.

"Gaaaaaaa! Kak! Kak! Kakaka! Cack Cack! Cuck!"

The asteroid exploded into dust with a pop as the wave made a terrible noise.

Ikael, who had turned into a blank slate for a moment, turned around and spread his wings as soon as the asteroid was restored.

'Something's going wrong!'

Accepting the first idea, she flew to the location of the confrontation with all her might.

"Kill! Destroy the Gaians!" Numerous angels were flying in the air and bombarding the Gaians.

Satiel shouted.

"just a moment! Something is wrong with this! They don't even want to fight!"

It was great to be able to defy Anchera's orders, but more than that, the last words stuck in his mind.

'You have no intention of fighting?'

Looking at the ground, Gaians who did not even activate the Ultima system were raising their heads.

"What are you thinking?"

The moment I saw the eyes that didn't shake even though my fellow countrymen were dying, I suddenly realized.

'That's not what Guffin meant.' Ataraxia unfolded.

"stop! Stop the attack! An error has occurred! May all angels return before me!"

nobody came back

"Remove it! Humans are erroneous! Get rid of it!"

bang! bang! bang! bang!

Ikael was devastated in front of the sight of the angels attacking recklessly bombing the ground.

"Guffins do not want war." Gaiain said at the same time.

"So we won't fight, Oh. I will keep the will of the Guffin until the very end."

Ikael didn't know what that meant.

"Do you understand now?"

Gaia's voice broke through the noise of the bombing and hit the planet directly.

"Anke Ra is not a god! What god reverses what he said! Guffin sacrificed himself to teach you guys!"

Ikael's eyebrows furrowed, and a cry leaked out from between his clenched teeth.

"stop."

The angels didn't even pretend to hear.

"You insignificant humans! You guys don't deserve to exist in this world!"

Ikael was possessed by the Tears of Light.

'I have to stop at any cost.' But how?

No being can defy the command of Ankera, the law itself, the embodiment of the Akashic Records.

'Satiel.'

It made me think about the fact that she was the only one who didn't attack humans.

Guffin's words came to mind.

- I've been able to put my heart into the sound a little bit.

mind.

'My heart. With all my heart

Hit... ...

Will it lead to someone?

She threw herself at Ataraxia, which had expanded to the largest size ever.

Ataraxia - Hexagonal.

As the asteroid passed through Halo, a great storm of emotions rushed in.

"Huhhhh!"

A sense of exhilaration as if the mind would explode.

Ikael, who shed tears of light from pure emotion, let out a sound with all his might.

"Gmmaaaan!"

the world shakes

The luminary body of the angels was pushed in the direction of the wave and then scattered as smoke.





"......r


The angels whose minds had been cleansed came back to their senses and looked back at Ikael.

"Chun, archangel."

It reached the heart.

"Stop the war. all of you me... ...

Ikael's Astral Body shook greatly, and he lost his power and began to fall.

"Chief Angel!"

When the angels flew in and accepted it, Ikael continued with a faint smile.

"You must trust me."

After he said that, he lost consciousness, and the angels looked up at the remaining seven archangels.

said Leil.

"Open the white watch."

Mattiel frowned.

"What white watch? Anchera's orders are absolute. We don't have a choice."

"But it's strange that the archangel stopped it. He is the one who carries out all of Anchera's commands." While Methiel was silent, Satiel stepped out.

"First, why don't we withhold judgment until the Archangel wakes up?"

Uriel asked.

"What about Gaia? It is dangerous to leave it like this."

Kariel suggested.

"Take it. I will manage. I am confident that I will never do anything stupid."

For Kariel, who had clear standards of conduct, to step out on her own meant that she had a special purpose.

' human.'

The only ingredient missing in Kariel's life experiment was finally obtained.

Satiel assisted.

"For now, we suspend the war. There's no way that Anchera-nim would have changed her words, and there's no way that this Kael-nim would have disobeyed an order. It is not too late to judge later."

Certainly, there were many things that I couldn't understand with only the information they knew.

Faiel turned to Kariel and said.

"Can you take responsibility for your words? I don't know how I will change if there is a commotion in heaven."

"Do not worry about it. Because I'm going to use space transfer technology. I will isolate them with a metagate."

The Gaians obediently complied with the angels' request, and a long procession followed towards Arabot.

The angels blew the victory trumpets and increased their excitement, but the archangel's expression was still serious.

'What's going on?'

Only Ikael should have known what had happened at the meeting with Araboth.

Unconnected Sin (4)

Soft light gathered above Ikael's head, which had lost consciousness, forming a sphere.

As the asteroid regained its original shape, her eyelids were raised mechanically.

'here is?'

The first thing that came into sight was Satiel's tear-stained face.

"Archangel, are you okay?"

Ikael lifted his upper body upright as if ignoring gravity and looked around.

It was Jebul's room.

"What happened?"

"that is??????

Satiel told me what happened after Ikael passed out.

"After that conclusion... ... War was put on hold. Kariel isolated the Gaians with the Metagate. I think it will be fine, but... ...

Still, the atmosphere in Heaven was tense.

"yes."

"What happened, Archangel? What happened at the meeting?"

Ikael thought instead of answering.

'No one knows yet.'

The fact that Ikael opened the door of the sanctuary without permission, and the fact that he blocked the angels against orders.

This means there is no response from Ankera O......

'Are you planning on covering it?'

The Gaiain's cry he had heard before he passed out came to mind from the other side of his memory.

-some god reverses what he said

Do you mean!

"Sigh."

Ekael touched his forehead with a throbbing feeling.

"I need to meet Ankera-nim."

Satiel shouted as she jumped out of her seat and headed for the door.

"All the angels have been instructed to stand by! No one can access the sanctuary!"

"Okay."

Ikael opened the door.

"You will be waiting for me."

Ikael, who flew up to the sky of the Buddha, headed straight for the spire of Arabot.

Arriving at the sanctuary, she hesitated when she saw the door she had opened of her own will.

Where did you get that courage?

'No, it's something I chose.'

It's the heart that you can choose anything, but you also have to take responsibility for it.

"Anchera, this is Ikael."

When there was no response, she put her hand toward the door.

Just before my fingertips touched it, the door slowly moved away toward the inside with a squeaking sound.

Ikael, who had his eyes on Ankera beating as usual, took a long, deep breath.

Guffin was still on Anchera's nerves, and his heart ached again.

"Come in, my daughter."

The moment Ikael moved, the door closed.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

I've heard it countless times, but now for some reason I felt like I was blocking my retreat.

Ikael opened his mouth.

"why... ...

"Do you want to ask if I didn't punish you?"

"That's right. I also want to know exactly what happened during the meeting with the guffin."

Anchera pushed Guffin's body toward Ikael.

In order not to shake the asteroid, she had to exert utmost concentration.

"Guppin made me an offer. who is qualified to be a god. We risk everything for each other."

Startled, Ikael looked up at Guffin.

In the face where the soul had escaped, only the pupils emitted light, and in the end, she couldn't hide her expression.

"Ichael."

Ankera asked.

"Did I do something wrong?"

The moment he heard those words, Ikael felt as if his mind had fallen to the edge of the abyss.

God makes no mistakes.

"... ... Dear Anchera."

"The world just exists."

It was a majestic voice that had not mixed in the slightest with the grotesque sounds I had heard before.

"There is nothing good or bad. I just exist perfectly and keep it endlessly. Ankera only judges for the sake of the world."

Ikael listened intently.

"My daughter, everything in this world is under my definition, but you are the most special."

"I know."

"It's not just because it's the first." Ikael waited for the next words with his puzzled eyes.

"When I was unaware of my existence, some intense light exploded within me. amplification. that's you A concept on the borderline between non-existence and existence. That is why you are different from other angels."

"Is it different?"

"At the moment of amplification, the world split in two. The world of non-existence and existence. The reason you are the purest angel in the universe is because you took all of your cloudy parts with you."

It was the first time I heard about it.

"Satan Lucifer. symmetry of the law. He was born at one o'clock on the same day, but he is a hidden being that embraces eternal darkness instead of you. In a way, you could say they are twins."

Ikael's planet shook greatly.

"He now... ...

"none. He purged himself in the other world and died. Currently, only the concept of Satan remains."

"Why?"

Ankera lifted the guffin high.

"Lucifer made a deal with Guffin. This Kael, in exchange for protecting you, you will be purified instead of the Guffin."

"Uh, what is that... ... . no. No way... ...

A memory from a very long time ago flashed through Ikael's head, who shook his head in denial.

'So then me?'

There was a time when the photon cannon that was thrown at Ikael flew by itself and was received with his back.

'no.'

The first kiss that made me realize my heart.

'That can't be!'

Even in the middle of fierce fighting with the Gaians, the numerous sympathies he shared with the Guffins.

"I... ... It wasn't."

Tears of light flowed down Ikael's cheeks.

What were you expecting?

'How happy I was.'

Another feeling that overflowed uncontrollably when Guffin said he would stay in heaven.

"It's just an illusion, Ikael."

Ankera's nerve endings reached and wiped the tears from her cheeks.

"The mind is nothing more than an illusion created by the system. An error called Guffin tried to destroy the world. Why didn't I punish you?"

Ikael felt Ankera's touch.

"Because there is no need for that. You are just infected with the error called Guffin."

"God, I... ...

"Fear not. I have defined this world. And you are the beginning of defining that justice, all of my thinking."

If Anchera was the brain, Ikael was the mind.

"Yes, I couldn't swallow Hexa. But look. Even now, Guffin is controlled by my power. Maybe this is perfection. Isolation to the system of errors caused by the existence of the system. And now the law is stable again."

Guffin's body came to Ikael again.

"My dear daughter. If I'm deceiving you, then I'm not a god. But if I were a god... ...

Ankera said firmly.

"This is right."

Anke Ra is not deceiving.

because it is cold

"The Ultima System will soon be dismantled. give you a human I will make a man who will not be afraid, who will not be confused, who will only praise you."

"Black... ... bump... ...

Ikael's shoulders trembled constantly as he fell on his knees and his head on the ground.

Satiel, who had been waiting for Ikael to return to Jebul, found her and flew quickly.

"Chief Angel!"

I flinched at Ikael's bewildered face, but I was more worried about the guffin than that.

"Have you met Anchera? Why did this happen? What happened to Guffin?"

The moment he heard the name Guffin, Ikael's face contorted with anger.

"Do not speak his name in front of me."

"Yes?"

"He is the one who exposed his teeth to Ankera-nim under the pretext of the meeting. A swindler, nothing more, nothing less."

There was no lie in Ekael's words.

'And he scorned me.'

Although he was thinking of making a life-and-death decision with Ankera, he didn't even say anything to her.

'He used me. In that guy's heart, from the start, there's no such thing as me

I didn't.'

"But Archangel, Guffin... ...

"Sathiel."

Seeing Ikael's terrifying gaze, Satiel involuntarily shut up.

"Don't make me say it twice."

As Ikael made his way to his room, Satiel slowly opened the way.

"Do not allow anyone to approach the sanctuary of Araboth. This is an order from the archangel."

Ankera instructed the angels to find a way to dismantle the Ultima system.

The answer was found by Kariel.

"The sake of anecdotes. The one that unites the Gaians. After Sojeonghwa, the amount of black elixir overflowed and remained. It's just hard to pick up. But if I send an angel, there will be no problem."

Uriel asked.

"Integration? Wouldn't that rather make the enemy stronger?"

"To be simple. The core of the Ultima system is that various personalities pursue one right. So far I haven't been able to destroy one. If that's the case, destroying the various personalities

Hey."

Satiel slammed the white police table and stood up.

"I am against it! You can't annihilate the Gaians when you don't even know if Guffin is alive or dead! All procedures will proceed only when the whole story is transparently disclosed!"

"You don't have to worry about that. The giant made from the anecdote will be separated as a human again. This is the only way to get rid of the Ultima System."

"How is that different from murder?"

"I don't understand. Isn't that murder? Humanity will thrive more than ever before. under our control."

Satiel couldn't stand it and looked back at Ikael.

"Chief Angel! Say something!"

The eyes of the angels were focused on Ikael, but no answer came back.

Just staring ahead with a blank expression, it was a familiar sight in the White Watch.

Although many years have passed since the meeting, her condition has not improved at all.

"... ... Enough for today."

This too was a familiar phrase.

"Sigh."

Ikael lay in bed and tossed and turned all night.

'Why are you doing this? Everything is over. The world has stabilized and I am the CEO of Cheon.'

He thought that he would become an enemy with time, but instead, Shimma grew bigger every night.

'You used me! Liar!' Even though the anger is fierce and the teeth are shaking.

'Is it really so?'

It made me wonder if there was any other reason.

'It was all lies? All of that?' I had known him for so many years that even an angel's reason could not believe it.

"Guffin??????

The moment I repeated his name with my mouth, a wave of emotion surged through me.

"Huh!"

Raising his body with a moaning sound, this Kael flew towards the spire of Arabot.

Arriving at the sanctuary, she gasped for breath and glared at the door.

'There is a guffin here.'

A distance that can be reached in one second at her speed.

How many days have I come to this place unable to overcome my impulsive emotions? Ikael eagerly held out his hand.

'I want to meet you. No, if only I could see your face. Just one time, just one last time... ...

Then it seemed like I could forget everything.

- The mind is an illusion.

The moment Ankera's words came to mind, Ikael bit his lip and hurriedly withdrew his hand.

She closed her eyes and clenched her fists, calming herself down and looking at the sanctuary door.

It was quiet, as if no one lived.

'it's over.'

Turning around with a sad expression, she spread her wings of light and returned to her quarters.

'Everything is over.'

Another night was passing by.

Even if it's an illusion (1)

A magic trick that melts humans into giants with a black elixir, the magic of anecdotes.

The first purpose was to dismantle the Ultima system that challenged the authority of God.

Due to the nature of the technique, the development of technology depended on the quantity rather than the quality of the experiment, and the number of Gaians decreased for a very long time under the leadership of Kariel.

"Move quickly! It is a sacred ritual! It is to wash away the sins of the law and be born again with a new life!" The Maras pressed on, but Ilhwa's drunkards moved on, neither slow nor fast.

None of the Gaians produced offspring, and now they were the last 100 remaining.

From today onwards, the sake of anecdote would proceed through a new human race called subjects.

A truly historic day.

Ikael watched from a distance the Gaians walking towards the bronze giant.

There seemed to be no resistance or resentment.

I know why.

It must be because the more they accept Guffin's will, the clearer they become who is truly close to God.

'But it's in vain.'

Ikael's asteroid emitted a dry light.

'I am the only one in the universe who knows about the meeting between Ankera and Guffin.'

As long as she keeps her mouth shut, no one knows, and then it's as if she doesn't exist.

'Foolish humans, why don't you know that this is a meaningless struggle?'

Satiel shouted from the center of the plaza.

"Stop drinking Ilhwa! You've already done enough! Please let us carry on as long as Gaiain lives!"

As giants, fairies, and subjects appeared, the ranks of heaven were subdivided, and the ranks of archangels pierced the sky, but no one paid any attention to her words.

It wasn't that he was turning away, but that his ears had already been nailed in and they were automatically muted.

'It's okay. Do you still believe in humans?' Ikael had never intervened once during the drinking of the anecdote.

I thought it was the same today.

'It's just that 100 humans disappear and 5 giants are born.'

Giants who have lost their ego return to Jotunheim with a new law.

'With this, Gaia's history will disappear forever.'

forever.

Ikael's nerves were on edge, as if a magic spell had been cast on the word last.

'Disappear?'

All Gaians who knew the Guffin disappeared from Heaven.

The moment when the thought that I would never be able to ask or hear about Guffin again stuck in my mind.

"Aren't you afraid?"

Before I knew it, Ikael was talking to the subjects of the anecdote.

"Chief Angel!"

The Maras were stunned by something that had never happened in the history of heaven.

And hurriedly opened the way, but Ikael approached Gaiain without even turning his head.

"You know what it means to be a giant? Your minds are crushed and crushed and disappear without a trace. And the new law will be written on the blank page." It was an eerie word, but Gaiain did not reveal even a change in emotion.

That fact made me even more angry.

"How about saying something? Isn't that great, and also the last Gaiain? Aren't you really afraid? Or are you resentful? what are you guys...

An old man interrupted Ikael.

"The weather is nice. On a day like this, I have to hang the laundry."

Ikael's eyes widened at the absurd sound coming out of the mouth of a man who was about to die.

"What do you mean?"

"What do you mean?"

The old man turned to Ikael.

"I just answered meaningless chatter with chatter."

Ikael's lips trembled as he understood what he meant.

"Are you talking about the heart? All right, I'll tell you. That is an illusion and an error. Guffins are scammers. Can you tell me where he is and what he is doing?"

The old man clicked his tongue.

"You're out of your mind."

Life blossomed from Ikael.

"what? How dare an insignificant human being scorn the archangel?"

However, the old man apologized meekly as if he was troublesome to deal with, and hastened his steps.

"Okay. I'm sorry."

"wait!"

Ichael caught his foot.

"This is a matter that cannot be overlooked! It deserves to be punished apart from Anecdote's sake!"

"Sigh."

The old man let out a sigh.

"What the hell do you want to hear from me?"

Ikael's eyes trembled as he continued to speak, and his mouth closed.

"Are you curious about guffins? alright, let me tell you Like you said, Guffin is a trickster. Are you satisfied now?" Ikael was silent.

"Or should I say this? Guffins are not cheaters. never be that kind of person Will this make you feel better?"

I had no choice but to be silent.

"Stop playing with words and do your job well. Come to your senses, you archangel."

Human rudeness no longer entered the mind.

"Guffins to me... ...

"no no."

The old man shook his finger with a sad expression.

"Wrong. To me, a guffin is what should be called."

"no."

Ikael's voice trembled.

"I didn't say anything. You said you were going to leave like this, but you didn't say a word to me."

The old man looked at Ikael with deep eyes.

"Have you ever spoken to him?"

"that's... ...

Just as Ikael was about to open his mouth, the old man spoke first.

"Yes, to explain, there is no limit. There must have been a reason. Because of a complicated situation, or because you are afraid that you won't get the answer you want. If, after all, it was difficult to speak for all those many reasons."

The old man, lost in thought for a moment, spoke.

"Wouldn't the guffin do the same?" Shocked as if his soul had been drained, Ikael opened his mouth in a daze.

"Why do you think only you were having a hard time? Why don't you think that others exist? The essence of the Ultima System."

The old man put his hand on his chest.

"It means that other people have the same heart as me. So the hard thing for you to do is... ...

The old man smiled sadly and shook his head.

"It's tough even for guffins."

Ikael's whole body was trembling, and he couldn't stop his upper body from shaking.

"That's why I don't express it as throwing. heart is thrown It may come back, or nothing may come back. So, as you said, it may be an illusion. But."

The old man spit out as he followed the procession.

"Are you cool inside?"

After pondering his words for a while, Ikael came to his senses and held out his hand.

"Ah, there... ...

"Don't step out."

said the old man firmly.

"It's something I chose for myself. Whatever Guffin did, I judged and chose."

Gaians know what is right.

"You're a cheater."

The old man who arrived in front of the bronze statue raised his head and burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! I heard a great joke before you go!"

He couldn't stop laughing until the liquid of the black elixir filled the glass globe.

It was the heart that chose death without a single doubt in Ikael's eyes.

Like Ikael's heart, the moon waxed and tilted countless times.

Ikael's shoulders trembled as he crouched down in his dorm and cried endlessly.

"Huh!"

fear.

I imagined being crushed between two huge laws dividing this world.

"God, what should I do?"

You have to throw your heart out.

And the price could have been the loss of everything, including the disappearance of Ikael.

-You're cool inside.

The old man's words were indeed a comfortable sound, but on the other hand, it seemed that there was no better expression than this.

It seemed crazy.

How much time had passed, many archangels visited to report the agenda decided by Baekkyung.

However, Ikael, whose head was filled with the conflict between the alternatives, could not remember well.

"Huh!"

Then one day, an impulsive conviction rushed in, as if someone else had injected an idea into it.

"?????Guffin."

When she came to her senses after muttering involuntarily, she was already flying towards the sanctuary of Arabot.

'Open the door!'

The act of opening the door of the sanctuary at once was because breaking his will was more fearful than extinction.

"Ikael, what happened?"

Ankera opened her huge eyes and looked up, but Ikael's gaze turned to the floating guffin.

"iced coffee."

Tears welled up.

"Answer me, Ikael. I wouldn't have allowed you to enter this place?"

The moment I share a word with Ankera, I think the future I want will change.

Ikael flew right away and cut Ankera's nerves that were connected to the Guffin.

Bloodstained in Anchera's eyes.

"you... ... !"

Consequences not in the law.

The first physical shock inflicted on the absolute being even made Ikael's mind go mad.

"Ichael!"

"Huh!"

Grinding her teeth and enduring the sharp noise that shook the sanctuary, she left Arabot at full speed.

'far! further!'

There is no place in the universe to escape Ankera's eyes, but the place she was looking for was not a physical distance, but a place where she could find peace of mind.

Discovering a mountain range reaching 6,000 meters above sea level, she immediately fell down and entered a mysterious cave.

As the starlight dispelled the darkness and laid Guffin on the ground, his eyes gradually returned to focus.

"Guffin!"

Ikael's voice was as desperate as he risked everything to get it back, but Guffin couldn't come to his senses easily.

It was only natural that it had been ruled by Ankera for a great number of years.

"Here... ... where?"

At the sound of Guffin's voice that finally leaked out, Ikael hurriedly supported him.

"Are you out of your mind? It's me, Ikael. Do you understand?"

Guffin's open eyes partially traced Ikael's face.

"... ... Ichael?"

Ikael barely restrained himself from bursting into tears.

"yes."

"Why are you... ... me... ...

Guffin's words stuck like thorns in her heart.

I wanted to ask.

Why didn't he tell the truth, what was the deal with Lucifer, and why the kiss at that time was nothing.

"Guffin??????

Ikael stroked Guffin's cheek gently.

"buy??????

Tears of light flowed down her cheeks as she slowly let out a sound.

"love."

throw your heart

"I don't care what you were thinking. Because I love you. i want to connect with you It can't be without you."

may not come back

Ikael lowered his head and closed his eyes as if he had already given up on everything.

"Hmm."

When he raised his head again, the guffin was smiling faintly.

"Out of 100 points... ...

Even though he wasn't fully conscious yet, Guffin spat out in a clear voice.

"It's 100 points."

Ikael's face blushed, but he smiled bitterly with self-respect.

"Is that your answer?"

Guffin shook his head slowly.

"no. That's not polite."

Then, struggling to get up, he put his face in Ikael's ear and whispered.

"I love you too."

Electricity flashed in Ikael's eyes.

"I can't say since when, but I wanted to connect with you too. really eagerly."

Ikael, who had been crying, couldn't control his emotions and burst into tears.

'iced coffee. Ahhh.'

What connects the heart and mind.

'How wonderful.' Anchera, my God.

'sorry.'

Even if the mind disturbs the law, even if all of this is an illusion.

'I have this misunderstanding... ...

A smile as pure as light bloomed on Ikael's face as he hugged the guffin.

'It's so good.'

Even if it's an illusion (2)

* * ?

Team Sein, who was tasked with assassinating Havitz, raced through the plains while the army of Hell was advancing.

'Time must be ambiguous.'

A ring of light lit up in Sein's eyes, and two gigantic halos were born across the sky.

'Cheolryunan, Sun and Moon Halo.'

The world began to stir as the two halos converged toward each other and merged into one.

Eden drew in his breath as the scenery in front of him rushed in as if space was pushing him away.

'This is the Iron Wheel.'

Where the sky was as dark as night, only a ring of light was spinning at terrifying speed.

'you can do it. This is to stop Havitz.'

The ability to control all physical and mental factors within the halo's floating radius.

Maybe Harvits won't die even if he's in the middle of a falling rock... ... .

'What would happen if we controlled gravity?'

The future of immortality is to be broken.

Of course, what the world had to give up in order to strengthen certain factors was their own mind and body.

'That's why I'm on the team.'

Eden, a specialist in defensive magic, clearly prioritized what to protect.

'Protect the control tower.'

As Eden raised his fighting spirit, Armin approached Quan, who was running on the other side.

"Are you okay?"

"Prosecutors don't count probabilities."

"No, I mean Shiina."

Kuan's eyebrows twitched.

Olifer Siena was still working as a teacher in Creas City.

Compared to Zion, it is a short distance.

But Kuan never looked for her.

"Why didn't you go see her? This battle could be the last."

"It's unpleasant."

Quan tightened his eyes and looked back at Armin.

"I do my own thing. And you're not the only one who cares about her."

It was all the more so because he knew that Armin was dating Keira, a resident of the Ivory Tower.

"If this operation fails... ...

said Quan.

"Anyway, the kingdom of Tormia will perish. Conversely, if you kill Havitz, the war will end. That's all."

Sain pointed forward.

"come."

Literally, the demon army that filled the horizon from end to end was rushing.

"What about Harvits?"

Mayray no longer had to cover her ears.

"I'm already listening. Put on ¡®Nemesis'. Oh, one last check before that."

Mayray looked back at the party and said.

"The wiretapping target is Harvitz. Don't think it sounds normal."

The party, who immediately understood what it meant, put on <Nemesis> processed into rings with nervous expressions.

The sound of Havitz's heart that Mayray was listening to was heard by everyone like an auditory hallucination.

Eden's face turned pale.

"This, this... ... One"

Eavesdropping on a person's heart is also an unfamiliar experience, but I was prepared to do so because I had seen many murky aspects of people in my life as a seeker.

'I can't do this.'

If the sound you are hearing is really born in the human mind... ... .

'It's hell.'

This world was a living room of pain where there was nothing wrong with cutting one's own throat right now.

All of them had the same emotion on their faces, and even the cold Quan was squinting one eye.

"no."

Eden, realizing what Harvits desires, shouted to everyone.

"I have to go back!"

It is necessary to block the thoughts of Havitz, not Havitz.

"It's already too late."

When Quan insisted on speeding up, Sein made a quick decision.

"Force We can't solve all problems. You just have to do what you are good at."

I had no choice but to believe in the Tormia army and the temple that remained in the flower field.

The moment he felt the vibration of the ground caused by the enemy, Sein gave an order.

"now."

As light radiated from Armin's blindfolded eyes, the stop magic was activated.

Time stopped in an area 4 kilometers in diameter, but the entire army could not be imprisoned.

As the demons that collided with the boundary line of the Spirit Zone froze, the troops following them applied the brakes.

"what!"

The massive inertia only disappeared after putting an additional million troops into the Spirit Zone.

said Armin.

"I couldn't contain everything. It needs to be finished ASAP."

Sein ran between the hard frozen demons.

'Currently we have no mass. I can't use physical force.'

Informationally speaking, it moves at the same speed as the signal entering this world.

"found."

Havitz, escorted by demons, was sitting on a frozen horse with his hind legs kicked off.

Lyria took several birch totems from the barrel on her back and jumped up.

'I have to leave Harvits.'

At that moment, Sein saw it clearly.

'What is that?'

Something was moving in one of Havitz's lifeless eyes, like a wax figure.

"fly?"

The moment I realized it, 12 black holes were created on the ground, and people wearing robes came up.

'Shiok.'

It's the first time I've seen it with my own eyes, but if I were to bet I could bet anything.

'As expected, it comes out like this.' It is a fact proven through the Shirone case that the stop is activated independently of Harbitz.

This is where the testing of the first hypothesis, which has not yet been tested, begins.

'City prison is a time not according to the law. Thus making Harvitz independent of all events, but... ...

Why is Shiok visible now?

'Because time has stopped.'

If a physical attack on Siok is possible, the success rate of assassinating Harvits increases dramatically.

"Quan."

At the time Sein gave the order, Harbitz, who was in the center of Shiok, moved his lips.

"stop."

As Shiok was sucked into the basement in an instant, the stop magic dominated the space again.

"why?"

Before Sein could comprehend the situation, Lyria threw the totems to the floor.

At the same time, the stop was released, and the 20 totems drew a huge circle around Havitz.

"That's Okay!"

The moment Lyria held hands, the totem vibrated and burrowed into the ground.





r=z|


At the same time as the ground shook, the surface of the gin became smooth like a mirror and reflected the landscape.

However, the landscape was not the Denan Plain, but a vast wasteland with reddish-brown stones.

'Law of space. magic glass!'

As Sein's party surrounded Havitz, the corps of the law began to tip over as if it had an axis attached to it.

"Enemies! Kill!"

The demons realized it belatedly and rushed at it, but the camp was already erected vertically.

Even so, gravity was still working under their feet, and in the eyes of Sein and the others, it seemed that the world was completely reversed.

"Satan! You are Satan... ...

As the gin of the law and the gist of the law were turned over 180 degrees, demons crossed and passed through the empty space.

"damn! What the hell is going on!"

In a situation where time stopped, no demons knew what had happened.

"Soldier! Soldier!"

The current general commander is Paimon, but the human messenger reported the situation to Vulcan.

"This is a serious situation! Harvits has left the ranks! You seem to have fallen into a trap."

Vulcan, who heard the situation, stroked his chin.

"Hmm."

"What should I do? Shall we pursue?"

"No, leave me alone."

"Yes?"

"Havitz is driven by desire. I don't do calculations in my head. It's something that can't be stopped anyway. And... ...

Balkan raised one corner of his mouth and said.

"Maybe that's right." All that Harvitz could see was a wasteland with only the horizon touching the sky.

It was a place where even if they left this place alive, they would die of dehydration and starvation.

"What are you guys?"

No one answered from Sein and his party, who were besieging Harvitz.

That's how Harvitz's choice was shocking.

'I know it's chaos.'

But what the hell is the reason for coming here even while preventing the prison from being activated?

"why?"

In the end, Sein, who could not stand it, asked.

"Why did you get the prison? Why?"

"just."

Havitz twisted his mustache.

"This seemed more fun."

It was an answer that I had already expected, but that's why I definitely realized something.

'As long as Mayray is present, information is completely controlled. So there's no way he knew about the elemental bomb.'

determined future.

'What if leaving the space with us is the only chance to save Havitz?'

If you choose the law that allows you to get away from Baska as much as possible... ... .

'Is our judgment right or wrong?'

I was able to realize anew the breadth of Havitz's innate ability and a predetermined future.

"Mayray."

Kuan said quietly.

"Eavesdrop."

At some point, the voice of Havitz's heart was not being heard by everyone.

When Eden turned his head, he saw Mayray, whose face had turned pale like a ghost.

Her face was still expressionless, but the color of her skin seemed to tell her how she was feeling.

"Mayray, hear me." When Havitz casts Vanishing, he must react immediately.

"It's not possible."

Mayray said coldly.

There is no way she would make an arbitrary decision in front of Havitz, the target of assassination.

Therefore, there is one reason why he blocked the eavesdropping even while ignoring Sein's command.

It was because of the thought that it would result in an almost absolute mission failure.

Sein said.

"Mayray, if you don't, we will be annihilated."

"If you want to see your comrades die without knowing why, do as you please."

It was half accepted, but Mei-Lei's nose was crumpled.

"I don't know what you are talking about."

Harvits drew his longsword and approached.

"Where, who should I kill first?" The moment she sensed her eerie life, May Lei screamed as she closed her eyes tightly.

"I will open it!"

As if a hole had been blocked, the sound of Havitz's heart could be heard in Sein's ears.

waves of evil.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Lyria screamed first, and Armin and Sein shook their shoulders as if shocked.

'Damn it! You shouldn't have told me!'

Mayray clearly warned.

It was only that Havitz's heart was beyond the scope of their imagination and was terrible.

"what's the matter?"

The first prey Havitz aimed at was Eden.

"It's like, it's a reaction that you know something."

"Ah ah ah ah ah... ...

Eden's legs trembled as Harvits drew closer.

'calm down. I'm Yora now It's different from when I was a follower of the Jordanian religion.'

Eden's faith in goodness has the highest reputation even in Zion.

Even if a bombardment fell right in front of his eyes, he was a defender who would not blink an eye with his faith in God.

"Huh."

But now he was just a man who was terrified and kicked his ass awkwardly.

"what's the matter?"

Harvits says.

"Am I scared?"

that you are like me

True fear is not something that comes from outside, but something that rises from within.

The murderer's slaughter and dismemberment does not create fear.

Unless you do that to me.

'no. I am a messenger of God.'

Tears flowed from fear.

I thought I had driven out all the evil in my mind, but did I still have a clouded mind?

'I can't win. never... ... The fear evoked by Havitz reached the essence of man and the origin of living things.

'polar.'

Only Miro, who is a flawless crystal, will be able to respond to Satan's voice.

Even if it's an illusion (3)

A cry was heard in the cave where Hexa's ability was activated to avoid Ankera's pursuit.

"Sniff."

It was the voice of a guffin imitating Ichael.

"Sobbing."

Ikael turned around with his cheeks flushed.

"stop! How long are you going to tease me?"

Guffin leaned against the cave wall and giggled.

"I do it because it's amazing. I never thought Archangel Ichael would churn like a kid. It's really a pity to see it alone."

"Somebody messed up... ...

Ikael, recalling the situation from a while ago, stopped talking and averted his gaze.

It was such a thrill.

"huh."

She turned around frantically, thought for a moment, then approached Guffin with a serious expression.

"Guppin, I've made up my mind."

" What?"

Kneeling in front of Guffin, she said, raising the corner of her mouth gently.

"I want to make love with you."

Guffin, who was nervous with a serious expression, smiled and showed his face.

"yes."

"no. Don't kiss me."

Ikael gently pushed it away with his hand, and Guffin, who leaned back again, finally hardened his expression.

"So... ...

"Yes, love. It's the love you guys do. My heart is connected, so I am not afraid anymore."

As Guffin blankly opened his mouth, Ikael immediately asked with a worried expression.

"what's the matter? In case you don't want to make love with me... ...

"no no. never."

Tension appeared on Guffin's face as he quickly shook his head.

maybe spleen.

"I was just a little surprised because it was unexpected. By the way... ... Are you really going to be okay?"

Ikael said with a determined look.

"do not worry. He is the head of the angels, for whom nothing was impossible until now. You can do well this time too."

"No, it's not that grandiose. As for the problem... ...

"Aren't you saying it's okay? Let's skip the explanation and start right away. I'll show you how to do it perfectly."

"Right away?"

Guffin thought for a moment and nodded.

"That, yes. That's fine too. That's a good idea."

Ikael smiled confidently as he watched Guffin adjust his posture and sit down.

Time passed just like that.

"Hey, are you going to keep doing that?"

" yes?"

Ikael raised his eyebrows and asked with an innocent expression.

"No, you have to take something like a ready posture to do it, right? So, to make love... ...

Ikael, who had been listening absentmindedly, slowly stood up from his seat as if suddenly realizing it.

"Oh, yes. sorry."

Then he looked around and sat down on a flat rock on the ground, crossing his legs.

Then, he placed his hands neatly on his lap and gently turned his head to reveal the lines of his face.

"Can I do this?" It was a heavenly figure, but the guffin watching it was nothing but absurd.

"... ... What are you doing now?"

"yes? why? Doesn't it look beautiful? Then shall we do this?"

It wasn't until I saw Ikael again in a graceful pose that I realized it clearly.

"Tell me honestly. Don't you know what you are?"

"Yeah, I don't know! How do you know? Do you think I, the archangel craftsman, even spyed on humans making love?"

said Guffin, sighing.

"That's not it. Come and see. I will explain."

As Ikael approached and put his ear to it, Guffin covered his mouth and spoke in a low voice.

"What kind of attitude... ...

Hearing Guffin's words, Ikael's eyes widened and soon turned into a disgusted expression.

"Uh, how could I do that!"

"Or something like this."

Guffin pushed his face out and whispered again.

whisper.

M | 99

Ikael's face turned pale and his body trembled.

"cancellation. I will have to reconsider."

Ikael turned around and the guffin grabbed his wrist.

"Why? What is it?"

Ikael, who shook off Guffin's wrist, spoke out with a shocked look on his face.

"I am a noble archangel! That's not human love! beast! All animals!"

"Humans are animals too."

Ikeel's mouth was closed.

"Of course, they are rational animals. But when it comes to making love, none of that matters."

"Because hearts are connected." Guffin smiled happily.

"yes. When making love, humans become animals. But I have no intention of forcing you. If you don't like it, even now... ...

"no. I will."

Ikael finally understood.

"Being one with you."

A different kind of hot energy rushed into the eyes of the two, and Ikael quietly sat down next to Guffin.

Their lips parted lightly, and Guffin hugged Ikael and lay down on the floor.

"Haaaaa."

I put it between Ikael's trembling lips

A breath of excitement and excitement coexisted.

'Become an animal.'

The feeling of falling to the bottom of the source of life was indescribably shameful... ... .

'What will become of me now?' On the one hand, I wanted to see how far these low feelings could be amplified.

"Ichael."

said the guffin.

"I love you."

As soon as I felt electricity go through my whole body, Ikael's asteroid flew away.

"iced coffee??????

that the heart follows.

It was the first time Ikael knew that a human body temperature could feel this hot.

'I see.'

cold world.

When I realized how distant this world is from the heart.

'That's right, Guffin.'

She got terrifying goosebumps.

"Twenty minutes until the enemy enters!" At the messenger's report, the Tormia allied forces defending their respective positions became tense.

In the 'Flower Field' 2 kilometers away from it, the Fire and Fairy tribes were waiting for instructions.

The sight of 300 fire tribes and 600 elves in harmony seemed like a scene of nature.

Arriving at the flower field, Lian and Tess set out to find Enox, the commander of the garrison.

Tess grumbled.

"Why are we Fumiya? I can fight well."

"It must be a strategic decision. Winning isn't important. In order to lure the demon army, we have to defend the flower garden."

"Who doesn't know that? All in all, why us? After all, battles are all about life!"

It was exasperating to have to watch the deaths of comrades from just two kilometers away.

"Do you really think so?"

Tess turned around at Lian's bone-chilling question.

"Natasha?"

Gustav 4 skills, battle doll Natasha.

He was a strong adversary who could not decide whether to win or lose even after competing with Lian in a sword fight the other day.

'No, to be honest... ... There is a sense that Lian has been pushed a little.

"I'm not going to get lost like last time, but it's a tough enemy even considering it. If we don't stop Natasha, the real hell could be here."

"You mean that Natasha's fighting power exceeds 'Flower Field'?"

This time, even Lian didn't say anything.

"It's just about sex. If ¡®Flower Garden' is firepower, Natasha is speed."

There was no need to instigate panic prior to the war, and the conversation stopped when we arrived at our destination.

"hello."

As Lian approached while talking, Protea and Enox, who were standing side by side in the lead, turned around at the same time.

"oh? A famous person is here."

While Enox's eyes were full of welcome, Protea shrank her head.

'What is this human?'

The direct lineage of the Hwajok, the Lotus lineage, except for the meat-eating Armand, can be said to be the weakest in passivity.

However, the moment I met Lian's eyes, it felt like that feeble passivity grew to the limit.

"Ogent Lian."

Enox reached out his index finger and stabbed Lian in the chest.

"The world's best swordsman, said to be the strongest among humans. Mach's Knight. Right?"

Lian wondered for a moment how Quan would react if he heard it, but quickly erased his thoughts.

"Thank you for noticing. Of course, as the commander of the garrison, I respect Enox-sama. But I... ...

"I know. special mission. I heard there are ignorant people in that camp too?"

After looking around for a moment, Enox turned his head again and shrugged.

"What's wrong? If so, it's human. I can't be an opponent for Lian-sama, who has ideas. Besides, I am the best swordsman among the fairies."

As Enox bounced back, the sword he was wearing made a clear click.

Although it is of the same family as Tess, the level of military power would have been enough to occupy one place of Prince Lee.

'Certainly strong. But I haven't heard anything about the fairies fighting.'

In any case, it was something you would find out in a little while, so Lian bowed her head and turned around.

"then. Good luck."

"Yes, Mr. Lian too."

When the two returned to their seats, Protea, who was unable to breathe, opened her mouth.

"Enox, you are the wind nymphs."

Like fairies in heaven, elves are born with their own natural attributes.

However, it was not a product of nature, but a Norse gene that had been passed down from a long time ago.

"Why are you kind to humans? They trample the flowers and destroy the forest."

Fire people cannot overcome humans due to the limitation of passivity, but fairies are different.

Their bodies are stronger than humans, and the power of concentration that comes from their clear and pure minds is unmatched.

"Huh, I like humans. And, strictly speaking, the humans from before were not humans."

"Yes?"

"A person with a divine point of view."

When Protea made a face that did not understand, Enox brought up the elven tradition.

"A very long time ago, in an era when gods and humans coexisted, there lived a race called Fairy and a race called Nor. It seems like they were hostile to each other, but there were times when they weren't. Like the fairies, the Nors are a race that has developed mental civilization. They also knew a lot of things that the fairies were interested in with a twinkle in their eyes. But most importantly, they are of divine blood."

"God's lineage? So their ancestors created nature? As far as I know, Ankera... ...

"There is no nature."

Protea shut her mouth.

"There are no forests, no seas, no rivers. This world only consists of God's point of view. Call it Idea."

Ideas also appear in the traditions of the Hwa tribe.

"Lian is a person with ideas. He is a human who twists the laws of the world from the point of view of God. How wonderful is this?" Enox's eyes were filled with joy.

"Perhaps my current feelings were not the same as those of the ancestral fairies? They tried to get ideas from Nord. Norr also tried to become a stronger life form through fairies. According to tradition, it is said to be a user battle. That is how we, the race of elves, were created."

"Then why didn't I get the idea'?"

"There were serious difficulties. The fairy was too small."

When Protea tilted her head, Enox smiled brightly.

"If you give birth to Norr's children, the fairy will

Your stomach will explode." "You know that you are also in the natural world. Interracial unions always hurt. One cannot succeed without sacrifice. Even if you succeed... ... There is nothing left but pain."

After having a terrible imagination, Protea suddenly realized that her shoulders trembled.

"But how did elves come into existence?"

"One day a man with a divine perspective appeared and he solved everything. There are no records left, but since he had ideas, he must have been human. That's how fairies split into fairies that follow Ankera and elves that follow humans." Unlike the fire tribe, the elves' tradition was turbulent, but I thought that the roots might be the same.

Protea's voice trembled.

"What on earth did you do so that life could be born between completely different races?"

"mind."

Two thin, white hands covered her heart.

"To convey the light with all my heart. A sign of life that cannot be violated by any law. According to tradition, we

The Creator calls the light... ...

Enox's eyes twinkled like stars.

"It was called Agape."

Even if it's an illusion (4)

Sadia, the central city of Tormia.

Nade's family, West, is located here, the largest plain in the kingdom.

At one time, it was on the verge of collapse, but as the company Nade Military, founded by Nade, grew explosively as a special war, it has now established itself as the strongest in the central region.

Of course, this kind of reputation is just the definition of luxurious people who are jealous of the Nade family.

The company, which had focused on the military industry in the early days, expanded its business items in all directions while taking charge of the core of the elemental bomb project, and now it has become the world's strongest dinosaur company, befitting its name both in name and reality.

3rd in the world's corporate rankings, corporate assets of 780 trillion gold.

This was the current location of the Nade Group.

"Chairman, we will arrive at the family home in 10 minutes."

The coachman opened the window of the wagon, which boasts the best facilities and security, and said.

"OK."

Nade, the young chairman of the Nade Group, raised the collar of his coat and buried his neck in his shoulder.

said Liz, who was sitting on the bed across from her, scanning the pile of papers quickly.

"The corporate ranking has risen one notch. congratulation."

"I didn't do it. War, blood and life, a money feast created by demons."

Nade added.

"It was fortunate that I was a friend of Iruki." Liz knew what Nade wanted to say, but she didn't express it.

It was a battle of patience.

"yes. Deliveries to the temple served as the driving force for growth, but Iruki is also a military commander in charge of war. It was adopted because the weapon you developed had the best performance. And... ... It is entirely your skill that has brought the Nade Group to this point."

Normally, I would shrug my shoulders at the praise of the woman I love, but this time I could see clearly.

"I know what you mean." Eventually, Nade gave up.

"But Liz, I have to go."

You have to go up to the sky above Baska, the capital city, and drop the elemental bomb at the right time.

"Sigh."

Liz sighed and said, having managed to suppress the rage that seemed like she was about to go crazy.

"I just can't understand. You've led the Nade group well so far. Countless people have survived thanks to the weapon you developed. Why are you trying to do everything? What hero are you?"

"It's nice to be a hero." Liz hit her chest in frustration. "You fool, think carefully. to die It's not like dying fighting, it's suicide."

"I will avoid it as soon as I finish the operation. Theoretically, you can survive

uh."

"What if it breaks down? It's not even 100% safe equipment yet, is it? What if something more serious than the theory comes along?" When Nade chose silence instead of the word death, Liz's face turned into tears.

"don't do it. If you don't do that, I'll do anything you want. Okay, let's give them all our money. I'll give you all the money I have, so let's find someone to do it for us. There will be."

Nade's eyes turned cold.

"Liz, money can't buy a person's life."

"Then your life!"

Liz's voice boomed in the perfectly soundproofed carriage.

"And I! your family! Thousands of employees who only believe in you! their families! Why are you so selfish!"

Liz, who slapped the papers on the bed, strode towards Nade.

"no! I can't let you go! Find someone else! If you can't, I'll find you!"

"You know. The aircraft is completely personalized. It is impossible to control without me."

"No, I can. Do you think you are the only magician in the world who can handle electricity?"

"Leeds."

Ned, who had been hit hard, frowned, but Liz had no intention of backing down.

"I know why you do it. Shirone, Iruki, you. The three musketeers of Alpheas Magic School. Do you think you owe it to your friends? Do you think only you live comfortably? Or do they look so shiny that you want to shine too?" Nade was speechless.

"Calm down, you fool. you have become the best Even if you don't fight like Shiro and you, even if you don't dominate the war like Iruki, you're playing a big role."

"It doesn't matter if it doesn't shine." It was sincere.

"It has been like that since I was in school. The three of us knew what we had to do. I've never been in a shining role. It's Shirone that shines. Even Iruki would know."

"But why are you trying to shine now? Leave it to Shirone. Leave it to Iruki."

"Light."

Nade gave a faint smile.

"After you graduated, I became the president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. There are only two members, Iruki and Shirone."

It was a good time.

"There was a time when the three of us had a presentation. About the supernatural psychic... ...

"Know. I have heard it over a hundred times."

Nade was preoccupied with reminiscing about his school days without showing any embarrassment.

"That night, while everyone was asleep, we

The three of us lay down in Central Park and looked at the stars, the North Star."

Nade burst into laughter.

"It was really childish at the time. I think it was something like eternal friendship and graduation... ... . But at that moment, I really felt like I had the whole world."

Nade, who rubbed her lips with her hand as if cutting off the lingering sound, said with a sad smile.

"Why? After a successful presentation? Do you see any hope for my future?"

Liz listened intently.

"no. Because there are three of us."

The corners of Ned's mouth trembled as he recalled the thrill of the time.

"I don't know why, but at that moment I thought it was a miracle that the three of us were together. But now that friend is having a hard time."

As a participant in the atomic bomb project, Liz knew how heavy Iruki's burden was.

"If you entrust this task to someone else, you will put a bigger burden on Iruki. Why me? Because I want to. But really, why should I..."

Nade's eyes turned red.

"It's because Iruki wants it."

Liz couldn't say anything.

"He's smart, but he's an idiot, so he's trying to lead everything by himself. can't say anything Not even asking for help. but i know Because that's my role. I'm the only one who can ease the burden on him in this situation."

If only I had told you to do it.

"But to turn away? Since Iruki didn't ask, pretend you didn't know the pain? I hate to die Liz, I can't do that. I love you so much, but I would give my life for you... ...

Nade has already made up his mind.

"I have to go."

Liz's shoulders slumped down.

"Sigh."

Returning to the bed, she fell helplessly on her buttocks, rubbing her hair and swallowing tears.

The window opened and the coachman said.

"Chairman, we have arrived at the home."

Because they bought all the mansions nearby and renovated them, they had to go a long way even after arriving at their home.

Liz, who had calmed down, turned her head and pursed her lips.

"Someone even got married because of this."

Nade finally got his smile back.

"Haha, that is unavoidable. You are also included in the survivors

Because."

"Who is saying that now?"

"I love you, Liz."

It was like being stabbed in the side and bowing down, but hearing it didn't make me feel bad.

"huh."

Upon arriving at the main residence of the main family, Nade's parents, Ballroom and Teria, were there to meet them.

"son."

There was no scary mother who always frightened Nade with a distorted face.

Speculation and jealousy, which seemed to know no end, were mere human emotions in front of property that transcended common sense.

Nade tried not to think.

"Yes. I'm back."

I didn't want to dig deep into whether money had changed her or whether she had regained her true nature in a prosperous life.

Ballroom asked for a handshake.

"It's been a while since I saw you. Are you busy with work?"

"Yes. I have to go up right away, I have urgent business. But Liz will be staying here for a few days."

Confidentiality was attached to the survivors of this project, and Liz was an excellent performer.

"Hello, mother. I should have looked for it sooner, but I'm sorry. While we are here, we go to a lot of nice places."

"Hoho, of course. I've made a reservation at a high-end restaurant. Let's go and eat together, the two of us."

It was fortunate that Teria liked Liz.

"Then I will go. Liz, you're doing well."

After talking for about 10 minutes, Nade said goodbye and turned to the carriage.

"Mother, wait a minute."

Liz hurriedly followed Nade and turned him around.

"wait. Your coat collar is wrinkled." I know it's an excuse, but Nade

let her do as she pleases.

"Sorry."

Liz was stunned, but then smiled.

"Promise me one thing."

"yes."

Shaking off her coat to get rid of the texture, she said, holding the collar firmly with both hands.

"If you're going to do it, definitely finish it. I mean shine the best. Don't be confused like a nerd from school days. okay?"

Surprised by the unexpected words, Ned tightened his eyes and nodded.

"thanks."

For allowing me to leave without regret.

After sharing a short kiss, Nade's eyes lit up as he walked to the carriage.

'I'm coming, Iruki.'

The atomic bomb's ballistic name was Lucky Boy.

Guffin and Ikael were spending time hiding in a remote area with Hexa's ability.

"Why not?"

While the guffin lying sprawled over a mat was muttering, Ikael came picking fruit.

"Are you still thinking about it?"

From all sides, her followers, 3, 2, and 1 Mara rushed and knelt down.

"I will!"

Ikael stared at the six hands extended to him and blinked.

Ashur of Signal, Lethe of Augmentation, and Ramus of Lightning.

It was also pitiful to see those who were called Ikael's three major guardians running to pick up a colander.

'I am very lucky.'

Even the direct subordinates of the angels could not ignore Anchera's authority, but they chose Ichael.

"it's okay. There's nothing to do now that Baekkyung is gone. This must be all I can do."

Ashur bowed his head.

"The mere existence of Ikael is a blessing. Because your beauty cannot be recreated by any chance."

"Oh my, Ashur is too."

As Ikael covered his mouth and laughed, Guffin lay on his side and scratched his stomach.

'It's like a cunning guy.'

It may have been a bit of jealousy towards the guffin, but it was cute enough.

Augmented Lethe held out her hands.

"Give it to me. I will increase it to 100 million so that Ikael-nim will never do such a dangerous thing again."

Lete can increase the value or number of certain objects.

"it's okay. Guffins will eat it anyway. Honey, today's lunch is fruit."

Guffin, who raised his upper body, said with wide eyes.

"Today's lunch is also fruit."

"Would you like something else?"

The moment Ikael's asteroid showed signs of expanding, Guffin bit off an apple.

'It's my hand.'

Still, the stomach was cold.

"I understand that you don't know the joy of eating. But, what are you going to do after eating this?"

"You've written well, what."

Many years had already passed, but Guffin and Ichael had no children yet.

'The thing is, it's different. That's different too.'

It is fortunate that there is no morphological incongruity, but the mechanism of birth is different.

"Are you that worried? I mean Husa. Of course I know what that means."

Everyone can become a god.

'Ikael is a mental body. He's limited by his body alone. He has to use the signal.'

I twisted the law with Hexa, and this Kael also made many changes, but there was no effect.

'The point of contact between Ikael and I must be the heart. However, no matter how much you combine them into hexas, no change will occur. It's not that I desperately want it.'

Guppin, who had been watching Hexa spinning on his index finger, clenched his fist.

Chang and Hexa were broken.

"mind?"

Ikael, who was trimming the fruit, turned his head.

"Honey, what's wrong?"

"It is not a body."

It was not enough just to connect each other's hearts and integrate them into one signal.

"let's go."

Guffin grabbed Ikael's wrist and pulled him as he knelt and watched absently.

"What, all of a sudden?"

"It's fine." She looked back at Ikael, who was coming after her, and the guffin smiled meaningfully.

"Because you will like it too." The most precious love in the world. Agape.

in the flower field (1)

Flu approached and reported to Lufist, who was waiting for the army of Hell.

"As of now, the asylum processing of all 286 survivors has been completed."

Like Nade, there are people who remain in the kingdom of Tormia, but most of them have fled to other countries.

And the other survivors, Lufist and Flew, chose to remain on the battlefield.

If the elemental bomb exploded, there was a high probability of getting caught up in it, but he hated running away without fighting.

"Then let's go."

While the Tormia allied forces joined by the Crusade spread their wings, Lufist stepped forward.

"Please include me too."

Looking back, Dante was approaching.

If dementia hadn't come to Lufist's memory, it must have been an unorganized medical history.

"Surprisingly. I thought you were in the bunker."

There was no intention of ridicule.

What is needed to lure the demons to Basuka is the sacrifice of countless people, not elite agents.

"I'm tired of being locked up in a closet. If not at a time like this, when would you like to get some fresh air? Rather, I would like to ask. Why are the president of the association and the chief secretary here?"

The Lufist that Dante knew was not a person who was swayed by emotions no matter what the circumstances.

"Of course, I am not here by will alone. Should I say that efficiency was considered?"

" efficiency?"

"Anyway, I won't die." Is it overconfidence? Maybe so, but his remarks changed the eyes of the commanders around him.

'To be able to say yes even in the most hopeless circumstances. That must be what the captain is.'

A herald's cry was heard from the side.

"Enemy found!"

Looking ahead, the army of hell as red as blood swarmed on the horizon.

"First of all, we have to break expectations."

Lupist, who forged steel on the palm of his hand, was about to move on, but Dante stepped in.

"Leave that role to me."

"you?"

It wasn't that he didn't know Dante's skills, but the enemy he was facing now wasn't an ordinary demon.

Compared to when the war broke out, the decrease in the number of demons means that the surviving demons are elite and veterans.

"Failure doesn't end with you dying alone. The morale of the troops is trampled on."

Dante said as he passed by Rufist.

"Do you know why I am the final manager of the flower garden? Even though the red line rating is low."

He also had an excellent ability to handle information, but... ... .

"Because he is the best defender in the kingdom."

As the demons approached a distance of 2 kilometers, the ground started bouncing like a rubber sheet.

Flu turned to Lufist.

"President, are you really going to let go?"

"I'll watch it for now."

I wouldn't have come this far if I hadn't been able to understand the subject and installed it.

Like a sailboat floating in the middle of the open sea, Dante alone guarded the plain.

'Central calculation magic circle.' With his eyes set on a large army, he activated Pascal, creating a magic circle with a diameter of over 200 meters.

"Big!"

Subsequently, an innumerable magic circle rotated and emerged, and was assembled into a three-dimensional mansion.

"Soldier! there!"

The Vulcans were far from the vanguard, but they could still be clearly identified.

"Damn it! What else is that?"

It was surprising to see the laser spread out like a net and the starlight simmering, but the problem was the size.

'Something huge.'

Dante's eyes widened.

"Information Castle!"

It radiated white light as if starlight exploded, and transformed into an object of unbelievable size.

"yes?"

Realizing the shadows cast on the ground, the demons raised their heads high at the same time.

"Is that your last name?"

When a life-size old castle that can only be seen in real life appeared, absurdity prevailed.

"It's magic anyway! Just push it away!"

Like a swarm of anchovies rushing at a super-large sailboat, the demons increased their speed.

-Welcome to Information Castle. Enter the user setting mode.

Dante sat on a chair in the control room and looked at the demon through the multi-screen in front.

Not only does it have no blind spots, but it also provides close-up and high-view around views.

"Auto control and strike. Hitting priority is from close range. Maximum firepower level."

- It's set. Enter the authorization password.

Dante clenched his pods and untied his hands.

"playground."

- Enter the siege war. Secured 287 hit targets. 4 seconds to saturation, 3 seconds, 2 seconds... ... .

"Shall we play properly?"

The moment the voice guidance ended, the 3,000 gun gates on the outer wall opened.

After Ikael left with Guffin, Heaven went through a period of great chaos.

Ankera didn't say why Ikael left, but the angels guessed.

'It's all because of humans.'

By the time hatred of man had settled deep in the psyche, expansionism was in vogue.

Giants were sent to various parts of the universe, and it was at this point that the giants entered the world where Shirone lived.

The giant, who reached the 6th level of Anecdotal Art, disassembled his body to reach the clouds and prospered as a human being.

new humanity.

However, Adam and Lilith, who had settled here long ago, no longer existed.

Again a huge amount of time passes.

Omega year 987.

Heaven, which arose after the absence of the archangel, boasted the greatest prosperity in history.

In addition to giants and fairies, a city of subjects was created, and the fallen angels were managed separately.

"Sigh."

Then one day, something happened behind Satiel's back.

"what?"

When I immediately turned around, dozens of glass plates were shining, revealing translucent borders.

Like a puzzle, Ashur's body was put together, and the real thing moved as the glass plate disappeared.

"Satiel."

"Oh, Ashur?"

I was not surprised that the triangular mara had infiltrated the archangel's room with its power.

'Ikael.'

Suddenly coming to her senses, she ran to Ashur.

"What happened? What is the archangel doing? And what about guffins? What happened to him?"

"All is well. Fortunately."

Satiel let out a sigh of relief.

"Do you know how much time has passed? If for some reason you can't come back... ...

"Ikael-nim is looking for you. If you are willing to accompany me, I will guide you."

Satiel's eyes moved left and right as he stopped talking.

"Without reporting to Anchera-sama?"

"Yes. That is why I came." Although not as permanent as Guffin's hexa, Ashur was also able to block the signal.

"Whoa!"

Satiel puffed out his cheeks and exhaled deeply as he walked around the room in conflict.

'I wish I could refuse.'

Even if Satiel stood on the side of humans, it would be dangerous to take a being in the highest place of heaven.

However, Ikael had a reason to meet Satiel, and he understood with his head, so he couldn't help it.

"If you are anxious... ...

"I will go."

Satiel, having made a decision, approached.

"I need to meet you now. Take me to the archangel."

Still calling Ikael the archangel was Ashur's only consolation.

"Yes. Then, at the risk of disrespect." When Ashur activated the signal, hundreds of glass plates that became flat from any angle trapped them.

' move.'

The moment all the glass panes shattered with a clear sound, they were already gone.

"Where are you?"

Arriving at the destination in an instant, Satiel captured the scenery of the backcountry where the forest and the sea harmonized.

"Follow me."

Without explanation, Ashur hurried on his way, and Satiel followed without a sound.

Now, meeting Ikael was the priority.

'Are there guffins?'

Feeling unfounded excitement, I crossed the forest, and Ashur stood in front of a cave drilled in the cliff.

"Ikael-nim, I brought you Satiel."

"yes. Tell them to come in." Ashur moved out of the way, Satiel strode nervously.

Even if it wasn't the asteroid, it was bright inside, and when she reached the end of the cave, she saw the person of her dreams.

"Guffin??????

He turned his head away with a tired expression, distracted from trying to soothe the whining baby.

"Hey, Satiel. long time no see?" He hadn't even thought about it until then.

'A human child? Who is it?'

It must be because it was an event that could never be reached by an angel's accident.

"Sathiel."

She came to her senses and knelt in front of Ikael.

"Chief Angel! Why are you hiding in such a shabby place! Please return to heaven with me."

"Yeah, thank you. But before that, there is something I must tell you first."

Ikael held out both hands to Guffin.

"Move it to me."

"Wait a minute. Do you think this guy peed? Do I need to change the diaper again?"

"It's okay, give it to me."

Satiel watched blankly as the child was transferred from Guffin's hand to Ikael's.

"Archangel, what about that child?"

"It is my child."

Satiel felt as if he had been told something he didn't know.

"Yes?"

But when I looked up, Ikael was holding a child with a very happy smile.

"Can you believe it, Satiel? it's my child It is proof that I and Guffin are connected."

Satiel's mouth fell open.

"Uh, how could an angel be a human... ... ?" Guffin brushed her hair and raised the corners of her mouth.

"Whoops! Also, I'm a genius. It's Hexa's skill. I will specifically call it Agape."

Satiel finally grasped the reality.

"The Archangel and the Guffin... ...

Ikael, who turned and showed the child's face, said with an excited expression.

"yes. Me and Guffin succeeded. Now we can all lead. No one needs to be left out."

Of course it is.

"Satiel, help us. Our child is the proof, so Anchera-sama will have no choice but to accept it. We can go further. This is not the end."

Of course it would.

"The reason I called you is because you are the only one. Without you, who fought for mankind for a long time, no one would be able to do it. Please, Satiel."

To end with just two people's blessings, because the results they achieved were too amazing.

"And one more thing."

Ikael added with a friendly look.

"Will you give this child a name?"

"name."

A human born of an angel.

Since he was an existence that could be linked to Idea, he was well qualified to have a name.

But the moment I heard Ikael's words, the first words that came to Satiel's Astral body were.

'??????Why?'

And at this point, Shirone stopped accepting Omega's records.

The record that goes beyond the five senses and accepts it with 11 senses is not clear by human standards, but... ... .

'I feel it.'

Rather, it came to Shirone with true clarity that transcended human thinking.

'How much Guffin and Ikael care for and love this child, with everything.

I can feel it.'

So, I couldn't go any further.

'I know.'

That Ikael's child eventually died a terrible death without even having a name.

'How ferociously Satiel hated humans after a very long time passed.'

Even without checking directly, I had a good idea of ??what would happen to them.

'But... ...

That child who will soon die is not Shirone.

'But why?'

When Igor revived the greatest fear inside Shirone, he had surely experienced the death of that child.

'It's not an injected information. It was my memory.'

It was a child's point of view.

Also, the face of Ikael, who clutched his chest and sobbed in sorrow, was still good in my eyes.

Shirone accepted Omega again.

'What happened?'

To find out what the name Hexa means in the midst of the sad tragedy that happened to them.

in the flower field (2)

It's a sad story.

At Ikael's request to name the child, Satiel agreed and returned to heaven.

Guffin asked.

"Are you okay? I know Satiel's personality well, but Heaven is a formidable opponent."

Ikael smiled.

"Have you already forgotten? Who was the angel who most eagerly sided with humans when you were having a hard time?"

Guffin had nothing to say.

"I know that, but... ...

"Do not worry about it. And with you and me, who dares to harm this child?"

Ikael, the head of the angels, and Guffin, who possessed the power of a god, were the strongest couple in heaven.

"Are you doing it because you're scared?"

Guffin, who finally regained his smile at Ikael's joke, held his chin.

"haha! The only thing I'm afraid of is you Then where... ... Shall we take down the formidable enemy?"

As the guffin stretched out its upper body, Ikael twisted his back, protecting the child.

"for a moment! my baby!"

The guffin hurriedly stopped moving and looked at the child, smiling at the father.

'Don't worry.'

Guffin hugged Ikael's shoulder and caressed the child's cheek with the other finger.

"Dad will protect you."

Meanwhile, returning to Jebul's residence, Satiel felt like waking up from a dream.

But it was real, and Ikael and Guffin's affectionate appearance did not leave my eyes.

"name."

You want me to give you a name?

At the time, I just nodded because I was not in a hurry, but when I looked back, everything became clear.

'For whom am I... ...

Countless days of fighting for humanity passed by quickly.

did my best.

Even so, the person Guffin chose was Ikael, who had hindered him until now.

"I mean, I fell in love first... ... As tears of light flowed down my cheeks, the asteroid flowed down.

"I loved you more. I fought for him more. But why? Why is it Ikael?"

I couldn't throw my heart out.

'I should have said something. If I had said that I liked you first, I would have felt that way...'

Wouldn't Satiel have a child who resembles her?

The starlight body fell to the floor like lava, and when he regained consciousness, the space had changed.

'Here?'

Sanctuary of Aravoth.

Looking back, the door was wide open, and Anchera was beating loudly in front.

"What did you find me for, Satiel?"

I don't remember it, but seeing that Anchera wasn't angry, it seemed like he asked for an audience.

"Ah, that... ...

Ankera's eyelids rose, and Satiel's jaw trembled as the sound caught in his throat.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

In Matei, the City of Giants in the Fifth Heaven, the giants who reached the upper level of the anecdote marched.

Nchera was not very tall, but the city shook whenever the huge mass hit the ground.

"What is this... ...

Archangel and Mara all gathered for the first attempt in the history of Heaven.

"Is it really possible?"

Uriel asked Kariel, the person in charge, but his expression showed no conviction.

"I can't guess."

Most of the giants in Matei converged on a statue that stretched to the sky.

"Because it's the first day I challenge the 10th level of Ilhwa Sake. It's not about probabilities."

"Was level 7 the best so far?" Girshin, the leader of the giant corps, was the only 7th tier, and he was ruling the giants of Matei.

"I cannot say for sure that it is impossible. The giants participating in this magic are all ancients and Gaians." The first born giant travels to Jotunheim and receives a new law.

This is step 1.

From this point on, the identity of the giant is formed, so it is extremely difficult to raise the level of magic. Recalling that the stage reached by using the subjects was only 3 stages, the unifying power of the Gaians could be said to be enormous.

"Still, suddenly 10 steps. Isn't it the same as integrating 10 billion Gaia people?"

"right. If you succeed, you will be the first and last giant to reach level 10 of Anecdotal Art. I will surpass Girshin and rule all the giants."

"... ... He is the king of giants."

Following Ankera's instructions, Kariel proceeded with the anecdote one by one.

Success, success, and success again.

The lamps on the bronze statues connected in a pyramid fashion continued to light up.

"Gaiain, was this enough?"

Cariel's face, who was worried about losing only the giant, was filled with pleasure.

The moment the lights came on in the 8th stage bronze statue, the expression of the giant corps leader Girshin crumpled.

Uriel watched him.

'It will hurt your pride.'

It was only natural that he had been at the top of the heads of the giants until now, and in an instant he had fallen to the second-in-command.

'But I'm also in doubt.' Uriel turned his gaze to the huge bronze statue that could not see the end.

'Why do I need something like this?'

I know how strong Girshin is.

But it's step 10.

In Uriel's mind, he wondered if there was a need for something that strong in this universe to exist.

"Step 9... ...

Finally, the demon's heights were crossed, and the liquid in which all the intermediates melted was sucked into the bronze statue in the center.

It was so large that it took a long time just to fill it with liquid, but the observers forgot the time.

"finished."

At the end of a certain Mara's muttering, the bronze statue's vibration disappeared and the son-in-law fell into silence.

The sound of a bronze statue being opened was heard in the plaza, which had become desolate due to the disappearance of numerous giants.

Even though it was low, it was enough to tear the eardrums, and everyone's eyes turned to the sky.

All they could see was the empty inside of the mold.

"Why?"

thud!

The moment someone tried to speak, the ground shook.

Looking down again, I saw a man with a height of at most Gaia standing with his head bowed.

"What?"

As if to prove it, I saw a thick muscle wall that could not be made with normal training.

'Creating is a difficult skill. The fact that the anecdotal liquor succeeded as soon as it succeeded

O......'

While Kariel was analyzing the situation, Girshin moved to the bronze statue.

"You newly born giant."

The moment Uriel tried to stop it because it was a technique performed under the direction of Ankera.

"Just stay there."

Kariel said with a meaningful look.

'The 7th step was considered dangerous to heaven. How much difference will the 10 steps make?'

It was pure curiosity.

"I am Girshin, the giant corps commander."

Gir God stopped in front of the newly born giant, drew his sword and continued.

"It is said that he was chosen as the king of giants, but the law of giants is strictly military-first. Fighting here... ...

The moment the newly born giant raised his head, Girshin stopped breathing and dropped his sword.

Amid the echoes of the clear rustle, the newborn giant slowly looked around.

Kariel's face turned pale.

'Living?'

No, not to live.

Existence itself is so overwhelming that just eye contact is enough to shrink.

There were no angels expressing their feelings, but they couldn't hide the shaking of the Holy Light.

"Ymir."

Girshin's legs trembled as he let out a voice that sounded like it was dripping.

"I am already."

It is said that all living things have natural enemies, but Ymir did not seem to be a creature created to try something.

'King of Giants. No, he is the king of creatures.' Girshin immediately prostrated himself.

"Forgive the rudeness, my king. I will rule the world at your behest."

Instead of answering, Ymir looked back at the spire of Arabot.

'I want to fight.'

He didn't even have the question of birth, which a living thing would naturally have.

"This world... ...

As Ymir pressed down on one foot, the stone floor caved in.

"It is too weak."

As soon as the words were finished, an explosion of tremendous power exploded in the place where Ymir was.

"Keugh!"

There was no damage because the people gathered were angels, maras, and mid-level giants, but the square was devastated.

"Such self-indulgence!"

Kariel doubted Ymir's ego, but Uriel showed interest in the source of the explosion.

"There would be no hostility towards us."

"No hostility? It's not just an angel, it's like this in a place where all the archangels are gathered... ... !"

"Look over there."

While the entire radius was sunken into a hemispherical shape, Uriel pointed to the spot where Ymir had been.

"Ymir didn't do anything. She just bent and straightened her knees." Kariel stared blankly at her footprints, clearly imprinted in the center of the crater.

said Uriel.

"Rather, that's the problem. Even with the archangels in front of me, there was no hostility whatsoever.

What it was... ...

It meant that it was no different from Girshin.

While all the angels who heard Uriel's analysis were silent, a riot erupted from Arabot's side.

bang!

Ymir, who arrived at Arabot with a single leap, buried his fingers into the spire's wall.

"Hmm."

I thought of making a support with my head, but it was so strong that it crumbled like dust.

'Uncomfortable.'

The universe is full of solid materials, but Ymir seemed to live in a world without solids.

'I don't feel anything.'

Thinking that it would take some time to control her powers, Ymir flew up into the air and kicked her feet.

pop!

The wind pressure alone lifted the body, and after a while the ground collapsed flat with a bang.

He smashed the walls like tofu and entered, and the door of the sanctuary blocked him right in front of him.

I don't know why, but I suddenly thought that I shouldn't open it.

"Hey Anker Rashi."

It was an animal sense.

"I have been called."

As the door opened, Ymir was greeted by the massive Anchera.

Ymir, who confirmed with his own eyes the existence that was giving the strange pressure, said with a smile.

"Are you stronger than me?"

"I guess it depends on what the standard of strength is."

"no."

Ymir moved a little closer.

"There are no standards. I am stronger than you. Why should I obey you?"

"Because I gave you the blessing of birth."

"No, it would be a curse."

Ymir approached within arm's reach, spread his palms and touched Ankera's eyes.

"I have no achievements. I'm the strongest anyway, so what's the point of getting stronger?"

He crumpled Ankera's skin with force in his hand, and heard the sound of flesh tearing apart little by little.

"Look, even with a little bit of strength,

"Do you want to feel it?"

Ymir looked up.

"Do you want to feel the power, the body, the feeling of hitting, the impact?"

"... ... Could you?"

"It is not."

Anchera's tentacles moved quickly.

"Maclein Guffin."

The fingers that ripped off Anchera's flesh stretched out again, and Ymir's body responded to the name.

"Guffin."

Although the personalities of 10 billion people were already united, it seemed that all of them could be heard.

- Guffin is the best.

Ankera connected to Satiel's Astral Body and said, emitting electricity from her eyes.

"good."

The door opened by itself.

"I will lead you to the Guffin."

Ymir turned slowly, looked at the scenery in front of the collapsed wall, and then jumped.

Moments later, a powerful shockwave shook the spire.

in the flower field (3)

Under Ankera's orders, Satiel returned to the place where Ikael was hiding.

"You're here. I was worried because there was no message."

There was not even a hint of doubt in Ikael's smile.

'No, none of them are stupid.'

You must already assume the worst situation through all the variables in your head.

Still laughing... ... .

'Believe in me.'

The years Satiel fought for humans, the yearning everyone wanted to become gods.

Satiel tried to pretend to be calm.

"Yes. Forgive me for being late. The fact is... ... I haven't come up with a name yet. It becomes a burden."

Ikael showed affectionate eyes.

"Huh, it's okay. Since you are an angel with a kind heart, you will surely be able to give it a wonderful name."

Satiel couldn't answer.

"Come in. You are like my sister, so you will be an aunt to my child. You should see her nephew's face."

'aunt??????

My eyes grew hot.

Even if I couldn't make love to a guffin, it could have been that way.

'No, that's not what I wanted. I don't want to be in a relationship like this with a giant Finn.'

But why do I keep crying?

"What are you doing, why don't you come in?"

When he coldly cut off his heart, even that small connection was so precious.

'I'll just be patient. I'll live my whole life watching from the side like this.'

It was already too late.

"sorry."

Ikael tilted his head at the sight of the tears of light flowing down Satiel's cheeks.

"Don't forgive me."

A roar erupted in the distance.

The identity of the sound was not yet visible, but Guffin felt threatened by the wind pressure alone.

"Harm!"

As motherly love erased many thoughts, Ikael flew in the opposite direction of the sound.

The air resistance alone made it a tremendous speed, but it was probably unavoidable.

If the target Ymir was aiming for was not Guffin, but Ikael.

"found."

With Ymir in his eyes, Guffin looked at the incoming fist as if it was crushing space.

'Miracle Stream!'

Golden smoke wrapped around Ymir's arm, and a command that transcended the world was entered.

' stop.'

Vibrations occurred as the two signals collided, but no one felt the tremors.

The whole world shook.

"Big!"

His face was crumpled, but Ymir's eyes were filled with joy at the resistance he felt for the first time in his life.

'Is this how you feel?'

to do something.

"Aaaaaaa!"

As I screamed and stretched out my arms, a force that even I could not measure my own limits came rushing in.

The vibrations of the world died away, and Ymir's fists stopped in front of Guffin's eyes.

Ymir's arm bent at 20 degrees

If the elbow had been fully extended, the guffin's face would have been blown away.

'I broke the Miracle Stream and came in.' To enter after destroying Hexa, the artificial embodiment of Idea, a signal from the outside world... ... .

"Are you Gaia?"

No matter how you think about it, there was only one conclusion.

"I am Ymir."

Ymir, who had recharged his muscles with energy, attacked with one leg out.

"The king of giants!"

Guffin once opened the distance.

' weird.'

It was the first time in my life that I had experienced a strong enemy, but I felt a strange nostalgia in this image of Mir.

'... ... is it?'

I realized from Ymir's eyes.

It's definitely one feeling, but it's deep enough to contain 10 billion emotions.

"Is that how it turned out?"

Guffin's eyes burned as he realized that he had become the last Gaian left in the world.

"sorry."

As I stopped stepping back and pulled my arms together, the Miracle Stream gathered between my palms.

A flash of light rushed towards Ymir, who was charging at breakneck speed.

'Photon Cannon.'

The moment the mass of sub-light speed is thrust into Ymir's abdomen.

"Big!"

Ymir grabbed the sphere of light with both hands and destroyed its inertia with his grip.

'Did you catch it?'

No, getting caught isn't the problem.

If the body of a living creature produced subluminal speed, it was normal for the body to evaporate due to frictional heat.

The moment he saw Ymir's red-hot arm, goose bumps ran down Guffin's spine.

'The mass is incomparable to that of the Photon Cannon... ...

Moving at sublight speed, a shockwave spread in a radius of 4 kilometers centered on Ymir.

After Ikael ran away, Satiel's body, which had been standing in a state of fascination, flew away in an instant... ... .

"Great!"

Where everything was swept flat, only Guffin and Ymir glared at each other.

"That's strange."

Ymir shook his throbbing stomach.

The pain also came to him as joy, but the problem now was not the body.

"I don't feel well."

You can become enemies with anything in this world, but the only exception is the Guffin.

"like... ... I feel like I am hurting myself."

Guffin asked.

"Do you remember what happened before you were born?"

"at all. Guess it though. Looking at you, maybe what I think is right."

"Send me away. You have to protect her wife and her children."

Ymir turned to the sky.

"Family."

At this point, which can be called the beginning of his birth, he wanted to organize everything.

"I have no family. There will be no more."

"If you help me, you too... ... Ymir held out her hand.

"No, I don't want to care about anything. I just want to fight."

That's how I decided, and now only one last thing remains.

"If you don't have much time." Ymir kicked the ground.

"Let's finish with this." A huge explosion erupted as the ground collapsed into an endless abyss with a single kick.

If you had seen it from space, you would have noticed that the northern hemisphere of the planet lit up like a match.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

The shock wave reached the heavens, and even the angels were pale in front of the power of the destruction.

'This giant is dangerous.'

Uriel turned to the direction of the explosion.

'There is no compatibility. There is no heavenly enemy. There is not even a standard. just strong. Existence itself is a break.'

Even if it's a guffin... ... .

In the mind of Uriel, who looked down at the battlefield, he saw a sea of ??lava where all substances had melted.

Ten meters from the hot surface, Ymir was suspended in the air.

The external gravitational force caused by simple muscle vibration showed no signs of returning even after 10 minutes.

'Guppin, I definitely gave it a chance.'

Just before they collided as they prepared their mortal blows, Ymir gave up the attack.

If Guffin kills himself with the strongest blow, he thought that such an ending would be fine.

'But he survived. And... ... With this, the awkwardness that was the only hindrance to fighting spirit completely disappeared from his heart.

"I am already."

I felt like I was on my own now.

said the gurfin, who had slammed Ymir into the planet's mantle before leaving.

"thanks."

Ymir, who was slowly rising from the lava, revealed his face and snorted.

"Was it the same as being uncomfortable with each other? In any case, it will be the worst ending for you. As long as I exist, you can achieve nothing."

"Maybe."

Guffin had no intention of denying it.

"But the mind goes on endlessly. One day someone will appear to replace me. And... ...

The guffin's body turned into light and became transparent as if it were being released into the air.

"I will free my people from your prison." Ymir escaped her flashbacks.

"It continues."

He muttered, resting his chin on his chin, as he sat cross-legged in the air, waiting for external gravity with no sign of returning.

"I wish I could."

Above Nane, who was doing zazen at the end of the mountain peak, the clouds were spinning with a hole in them.

Shura, who was watching the scene, murmured.

"Buddha is suffering."

No, rather, it was the last problem left in this world because it was Buddha's agony.

'Is that Amy?' What could have been so impressive about her?

Ever since Amy left, Nane had been engrossed in her thoughts without a break.

'doesn't care.'

Shura turned around.

'I just want to know the secrets of the world. If the Buddha can attain enlightenment through this, I will have nothing to regret.'

I organized my thoughts like that.

The feeling of being unappreciated still lingered.

"Shura."

Nane's voice came crashing down from the sky.

"Come to me."

After flying vertically over a high peak, she knelt down in front of me.

"Did you call?"

"I can feel your heart." Shura mustered up the courage.

"I'm embarrassed, but I want to ask. Why are you Amy?"

The Buddha of the age, the one who preaches the merits of all beings, falls in love with a human being.

Nane scooped up a single flower from the root.

"I was thinking about how to throw my heart out."

Then he continued, gently covering the flower with the palm of his other hand.

"Even though I admired the color of this flower, praised its fragrance, and admired its form, I could not truly love it."

A flower was crushed between the palms.

"It was just empty."

Shura listened silently.

"No matter what method you use, everything is a lie in front of the ball. I couldn't love flowers. I thought Shirone who was against me was foolish. But one day, 'that woman' came to me."

Karmis Amy.

"I just wanted to understand Shirone. I thought it would reach the perfect ball. And I realized."

Nane smiled at Shura.

"I didn't throw my heart out for love. Because I threw my heart away, I have no choice but to love you."

As Nane slowly raised her palm, the crumpled flowers began to come to life again.

Shura's expression went blank.

'This??????

It was like a Shirone.

"I throw my heart into this flower. Color, scent, shape doesn't matter. Because I threw it, whatever this flower is to me is the most beautiful."

Nane planted a flower again in the place where he dug up the soil.

"This is Shirone. It must be the reason we have to exist in an empty world."

Shura bowed her head politely.

"If you come, have you made up your mind now?"

"I told Amy that I would carry it through. My will is only in the suffering of sentient beings."

Nane stood up and put her hands behind her back.

"But the mind is so strange. As for her, after she left, it became her regret. What if she had accepted her offer? Miss you. My heart hurts as if it would break."

Shura was sure.

"Buddha."

"yes. I understand Shirone. I can now look at everything from the most objective point of view. So now I have to go out into the world. I will see with my own eyes and judge whether what sentient beings need is Buddha or Yahweh."

Shura had a hunch that sooner or later a decision would be made that would determine the fate of the world.

If Yahweh is right, Nane will gladly help Shirone to annihilate the demons.

'On the contrary, if the Buddha is right.'

the world closes

'No one can stop it. Neither Yahweh, nor the extremes, nor the atrocities will stop the apocalypse. If possible... ...

Suddenly, a person's name passed by.

'Gaold.'

The one who defeated the Buddha.

"yes."

After reading Shura's thoughts, Nane smiled.

"The only thing that can stop me from trying to free humans from suffering is the fall of humans themselves."

He gave instructions as he gazed at the scenery on the ground as if everything was drawn in his eyes.

"Bring Ikael."

in the flower field (4)

Ymir couldn't annihilate Guffin, but the fact that he stopped his movements for a considerable amount of time had accomplished his original purpose.

On the day the tragedy began, Ikael ran with all his might, holding the child in his arms.

Ankera used the Akashic Records to deprive Ikael of his powers, and countless angels and maras attacked him.

Ashur, Lethe, and Ramus.

The three guardian deities, who belonged to Ikael, fought fiercely, but they did not have the ability to hold on as long as Ikael's power disappeared.

In a fierce battle, two Maras were destroyed, and Ashurma, the only survivor, was mortally wounded.

Ikael and the child were imprisoned in Heaven, and shortly thereafter the day of execution took place.

Numerous subjects gathered in the square pointed at Ikael and shouted.

"Punishment to the fallen angels! pain! Extinction!"

Despite being insulted by those he once ruled, Ikael only cared about the child.

"please! Please kill me! Child, please save my child!"

the maras shouted.

"shut up! What an angel you are! upright spirit? It's like being obscene in the world!"

Shirone wept.

'Ikael.'

Even though it was the second meeting, I couldn't suppress my emotions the moment I saw Ikael sobbing.

Everyone was looking at them with contempt.

"Kill! kill! Kill the corrupted creature!"

In particular, Kariel glared at Ikael with eyes that were close to the middle of the day, not at the level of contempt.

'He gave birth to a human child?'

I didn't even want to know how that was possible.

'The most noble archangel... ...

It is the desire of a beast.

"Please, please Aiman... ... please."

Ikael looked back at the archangels with a desperate expression, but they all averted their gaze.

Only Kariel made eye contact with her, and the planet shook strongly.

'Then why are you doing this?'

why the hell

Does the most powerful, noblest, most beloved angel ever need such a piece of meat?

'Then what am I? Ikael, what the hell are our angels to you?'

Even if there is a difference in degree, all the angels must have had the same thoughts.

"Eung-aeng. Ugh."

The child cried bitterly.

It seemed that animal instincts had sensed death, but Shirone knew.

Just responding to Ichael's voice.

"Start the execution!"

The Angel of Punishment Oddell's triangular Mara approached with a huge axe.

Ikael was bewildered when the flames from his nostrils reached the child.

"no! stop! Aaaaa! Aaaaa!"

Her powers of amplification were sealed, but her screams spread far and wide through the sky.

"Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu" Satiel, who was stuck in the corner of the dwelling of the Buddha, heard the sound and grabbed his head.

"Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!"

Every time Ikael's scream was heard, it felt like the starlight was being shattered.

"How long are you going to squeeze it?"

Methiel, the archangel of union, entered.

Seeing the half-mad crouching Satiel, her expression turned grim.

"Is it the way you want it to be? But now come and pretend to be weak? Are you sure you feel guilty?"

" get out."

Satiel's voice was extremely cold, but Methiel was rather angry.

"As expected, you are not suitable for an archangel. too weak He usually followed Ikael like that, then betrayed him, and now pretends to be a victim. What the hell, you live as a angel......

Mattiel stopped talking.

In Satiel's eyes, who had risen before he knew it, an unapproachable murderous spirit was burning.

"what? Say it again. I will kill you." "Am I wrong? No, this sin was committed by Kael. He gave birth to a human child. Yes, I did what an angel had to do. Anchera-sama also praised me. But what happened?"

Satiel found a way out of the pain.

"Yes, humans are the problem . Those insignificant chunks of meat messed up the world."

Satiel, who was thought to be the most human-like, had only pride as cold as the law in his eyes.

"yes."

Mattiel had no choice but to answer like that.

It was because he might even break the taboo of the angels if he further encouraged her here.

"beheading!"

At the same time as someone shouted, the three-pointed mara's ax cut the child's head.

"Aaaagh! Aaaagh!"

The sound of the half-mad Ichael's screaming was hard on even the archangels.

"Baby! my baby!"

Ikael, who had been screaming with tears of blood, shouted, distorting his arrogance.

"These Goyans!"

In a different sense, the archangel as well as the subjects looked back at Ikael.

"What crime have I committed! Open the white watch! I will reveal the whole story myself!"

"trillion? Heck, do you still think you are an archangel?"

Ikael, who was even more angry at Mara's ridicule, continued with blood in his eyes.

"I am not guilty! It was not I who sinned, but Ankera! I'm going to tell you all about what he's done!"

'I'm completely out of my mind.'

All the angels thought so.

"Listen carefully! Anke Ra is not a god! In a meeting with a guffin named Anke... ...

Time has stopped.

And memories began to be erased from the minds of all beings, including angels.

At this point, Shirone realized.

'When I first met Ikael in Heaven.'

She committed a great crime and was imprisoned in Arrabot, but all beings forgot what the crime was.

'It wasn't Ikael's sin.'

What Ankera really wanted to erase was her own sin of not keeping her promise to Guffin.

'God broke his promise. I lied.'

Could there be any surer proof that the world is unstable?

Anke Ra, who went to the worst situation due to Guffin, could not reset.

'Reset is also an opportunity for guffins.' So, I chose to erase only certain events from the Akashic Records.

This kind of erasure causes cracks in the whole thing, but if left as it is, the whole thing would be destroyed.

Syrone stroked Kael's face, who was sleeping peacefully with no memory.

'Forget it.'

Perhaps it was the only Sabbath.

Humans who lost their memories lived busy lives as usual.

The angels also faithfully carried out their missions, feeling uneasy about their empty memories.

'I have sinned.'

However, only Ikael was confined to Arabot's residence and could not take a single step out.

'I gave Ankera-nim an incurable wound.'

All that remains is guilt.

'What kind of sin was it?'

Currently, the other archangels were tracking down the last remaining Gaian, MacLean Guffin.

This is because it is impossible to completely dismantle the Ultima system if even one individual exists.

'Guffin. I know for sure, but I can't remember.'

It was the feeling that the information filled in the asteroid disappeared and only the feeling remained.

Fighting, feuding, screaming.

'It feels like that.'

but on the other hand.

'happiness... ... Did you?'

Then it makes no sense.

The only thing I could guess was that I had known him for a very long time.

'Anyway, I'm not an archangel. I won't have to worry about it until I repent for my sins.'

A night with a crescent moon.

Ikael got up from his bed.

"Who are you?"

Beyond the curtain of darkness where the moonlight did not reach, stood a human as tall as an angel.

"it's me."

The moment he saw Guffin's face, Ikael was dazed.

"Gaia? How are you here?"

As Ikael tried to get up, Gurfin smiled and held out his hand.

"It's fine. Just sit." As if by magic, she found herself passionately wanting to be still.

"Sorry. it's all my fault I couldn't keep it."

Ikael hurriedly shook his hand as Guffin got down on one knee and grabbed his wrist.

If the person in front of me was the only Gaia, there was no need to ask for his name.

"Guffin, where do you hear this is? I will capture you right now and offer you to Anchera."

The cold voice broke Guffin's nerves.

'You're my everything.' I wanted to shout that we loved each other and that we were connected with all our hearts.

said Guffin, wiping away tears.

"I came to say goodbye."

Only Guffin knew how sad Ikael must have been at the loss of his child.

'I don't have to remember. Forget it forever.'

If Ikael could not be hurt by this, Guffin was willing to leave.

"Are you willing to give up your own life?"

Ikael, who did not understand Guffin's words, asked as if he had suddenly remembered.

"No, why would you say something like that to me?"

Guffin couldn't stand it.

"Because I Love You."

"gibberish! After all, isn't this a ploy to destroy me! Even now, you... ... . Uh?"

Ikael, who was burning with anger, suddenly stopped talking when he felt the flow on his cheek.

"why?"

Tears of light were flowing down like a waterfall.

"Why am I crying?"

Guffin looked at him and smiled sadly with wet eyes.

"Memories disappear, but emotions remain."

that's the heart

"So don't be sad if you don't remember. Your heart, I'll take it."

Ikael's tears floated through the air and rested on Guffin's palm.

"Emotions remain?"

Ikael was still confused.

'Why won't the tears stop? why does it hurt so much What did you do with this human... ...

"You don't have to try. As long as the heart remains, one day you will know everything. And then... ... Guffin stroked Ikael's cheek.

"I hope you don't feel sad."

Ikael's body trembled as he stood up and gently kissed the asteroid.

'This feeling. This touch.'

obviously used to it

No, it's not to the extent that I'm used to it, but my mind feels cozy as if I've been repeating it my whole life.

"Goodbye, Ikael."

Ikael could only watch as the guffin's body turned into light and disappeared.

The room was quiet again.

"Ugh. uh uh uh."

As if something in his mind had gone out of order, Ikael's tears didn't stop all night long.

The place where Guffin fled from the archangels' pursuit is the place where So Jeong-hwa's ark arrived.

It was Shirone's planet.

'It's changed a lot.'

Humans born from the bodies of giants have different appearances from giant fins, but they share a similar direction in life.

It must be because they are also descendants of Gaians.

'Is it still in the primitive age?'

Colonies that achieved early civilization are appearing one by one, but it was far from reaching the truth.

In order to accumulate more wealth, Guffin turned his back on the civilized world where only bloody wars continued.

'It's not the time to go out.'

Even if I tell them the secrets of the world, nothing will change.

"Now what should I do?" The civilization area was extremely narrow, and the guffin thought while walking in the great nature of the planet.

Ikael's heart was captured in Hexa, but the loss of the child was great for Guffin as well.

"It's futile."

maybe this is the world

Guffin, feeling that he needed time to review everything, stopped for the first time.

He walked on two feet on the surface of a huge lake and sat cross-legged on a lotus flower.

"Yeocha, let's take care of ourselves for a while. I'm counting on you."

It was only a plant that could neither hear nor speak, but was the only companion to the Guffin.

"Because my heart hurts so much. Even if you want to lament your life, there is no one to listen to you."

Going back in time, Guffin remembered the time when it all began.

"A long time ago, there was a race called Gaia."

It was a story spanning 40,000 years.





fanaticism (1)


"Damn it!"

The faces of the demons rushing toward the information castle made by Dante were distorted.

'It's a defense battle out of nowhere.'

It was not a makeshift fort, but a finished product with all structures specialized in defense.

"It's an attack first!"

At the time when the army of hell came to a conclusion, all sorts of magic were fired from the 3,000 gun gates.

Although it was pure magic, the firepower of 9,000 rounds per second was not a level to handle.

"Cheak!"

The demons in the lead collapsed, and the second line, which had been stepping on their corpses, collapsed soon after.

The piled up corpses began to reveal certain boundaries between firepower and military might.

'Is this possible?'

conglomeration of magic.

It is too complicated for one human being to handle, but it was a major and a job for Dante.

"rush! Push with the numbers!" To capture the castle without emotion, the demons had no choice but to sacrifice themselves.

"go! go!"

As he risked his death and jumped in, the boundary of his power began to push back towards the Information Castle.

"done! little bit more!"

When the leading demons approached a distance of 40 meters, Dante put his feet on the table and lit a cigarette.

"Activate the automaton."

When I lit the fire with my fingers while tilting my head, the castle rose more than 1 meter.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

The leading demons, covered in blood, couldn't believe the current situation and opened their eyes wide.

"What, what?"

No, I didn't want to believe it.

"The castle is moving."

Although it was slow, it was spectacular to see the entire castle move on a massive scale.

However, the demons watching it were so annoyed that they wanted to kill anyone next to them.

After exhaling a long cigarette smoke, Dante leaned back in his chair and looked at the multi-vision.

"As long as it's fast, it's perfect." It is an automaton that simultaneously moves the coordinates of all the magic circles entering the Information Castle.

It is as precise as the gears of a clock, but its speed depends entirely on Pascal's arithmetic speed.

'Even if there were 10 years, no, 5 more years.' It left me with regret that I would have been able to create an impregnable perfect system.

'Let's not make excuses.'

Dante smoked a cigarette with a wry smile.

"Because there are people who can do it in the end." Now, thinking of Shirone, where the gap had widened, Dante began manipulating the castle in earnest.

The eyes of the demons following the distant Information Castle were full of life.

"The demons are going crazy!"

No matter how slow it was, considering the number of Demons who had to die to advance 1 meter, it was a definite strength.

It was visible that the Jin hyung of the demons who had been dominating the horizon was concentrating on the information castle.

Lufist, who was watching from the Tormia camp, muttered with an absurd expression.

"Move the castle?"

Of course, the demon's army was over 100 million, and it was not enough to completely change the direction of the flow.

"It's quite right."

However, if it is wrong that only one person made it, the efficiency could be said to be over 10,000 times.

"There are many talented people in Tormia."

Garcia, the commander of the temple's second corps and Amy's boss, was approaching before she knew it.

Rufist said politely in an abbreviated manner.

"At one time, I was evaluated as a talent to represent the kingdom. There is still no disagreement... ...

"That's Shirone. It's a shame." There was no magician in the world who did not know that Yahweh was from the kingdom of Tormia.

"I have absolutely no pride. In a sense, the child is not a property of the kingdom."

It was already out of the system.

"There is no need to dwell on things you cannot control. That's what I care about."

Rufist pointed to the Information Castle.

"The 3rd Division supports Mercury. No matter what happens, Dante must be brought with you."

"Yes!"

The division commander, aware of Dante's strategic value, moved his troops according to the order.

After confirming them with the multi-vision that illuminates the rear, Dante descended the stairs to the castle wall.

"Let's start at this point. Disarm the automaton."

If the calculations necessary for movement are stopped, various systems can be operated.

The firepower also soared, of course, and the demons were terribly crushed in front of the wall.

"Kuaaa! Aagh!"

When the screams of the demons came through the speakers, the screen flickered red.

This means that the enemy has entered the square.

At that point, Dante tampered with the device.

"done! I will break it!"

As the demons arrived at the gate and raised their huge hammers, a voice was heard from the gate.

-Please enter a password.

"yes? password?"

Upon closer inspection, a panel with numbers and symbols was installed on the doorknob.

The moment the demon, who had been watching with his mouth half open, reached out his hand to press the number key.

bang! bang! bang!

The cannon fired from the fortress with a howitzer fell in front of the castle wall and hit the demons.

"You stupid child! Just break it in!"

When the leader was wiped out, the demons in the second line headed for the gate again, brandishing huge scythes.

"I'll bear you!"

Then Dante grabbed the microphone and spoke.

-The password is 1111.

A serious internal conflict arose in the eyes of the demon, who stopped his arms high, and eventually lowered his scythe and held out his finger.

"Ah, sir!"

I pressed the number 1 four times, but when the door did not change, the demon raised its head and shouted.

"what! It won't open!"

bang! bang! bang! bang!

As the second howitzer was fired, the second line was annihilated, and Dante's voice was heard.

-... ... You have to press enter.

Blood rose in the eyes of the demons.

"Is this bastard playing with us?" From then on, it was only destruction of madness, and all sorts of weaponry hit the gates.

"It's filthy hard!" The durability was much stronger than expected, but the enormous mass pushed from behind could not be stopped.

"Drilled!"

The gates opened, and Dante stood up after hearing the warning voices echoing from the ceiling of the control room.

"Activate the avionics system."

The demons who poured into the gate like vomit were surprised to see the scene inside.

"Is this a real castle?"

There was a vertical stone road where the grass was laid, and a fountain and stone statues were also visible.

The Tormia 3rd Division was deployed above the fortress surrounded by the moat.

"Anyway, I have something to kill! let's go!"

The moment the demons headed for the fortress, the mines laid on the grass exploded and a gun barrel came out of the stone statue.

The fountains circulating the combustible liquid caught fire, sending fireballs out in all directions.

"run! run!"

It was a mountain beyond a mountain.

The moment I entered the drawbridge to cross the moat, a hologram of a beauty appeared.

-hello. Welcome to Dante's Castle!

"shut up!"

Even though I knew it was fake, I swung my nails, and the soles of my feet felt terrifyingly empty.

As the drawbridge disappeared, he fell into the moat, and the powerful poison eroded his skin.

"Kuaaaaa!"

The green liquid bubbled up, and snakes rose to the surface and sprayed acid in all directions.

'What the hell is this place?'

The demons thought how much longer they had to go through these traps before they could meet the lord of the castle... ... .

"Damn it."

Right before death, an eerie goosebumps broke out. The reason the Information Castle was great was that it twisted the demons' circulation by at least 0.1 degrees.





'0.1 degree.'


It was a level that was difficult to distinguish with the naked eye, but Rufist was satisfied with that.

'It's important to play it once.' Even if the starting point of the straight line seemed the same, the difference would become more pronounced as the distance increased.

'Iron-clad!'

Waves of iron pushed the land, and Garcia burned the enemies with the flames of Inferno.

In the air, Fleur's Phoenix Pavilion was spitting out flames according to an algorithm.

"Ha ha ha! human! Human!"

The battlefield was reminiscent of hell, but it was the most comfortable place for the demons.

'This is the problem. It's hard to break morale.'

Aside from physical ability, the aggression of the demons was a temperament that could not be found in humans.

Confirming that the allied forces were retreating, Enox, the king of the fairies, raised his arms.

"The enemy of man is the enemy of the elves."

Rufist demanded that the army of hell be turned towards Baska. Even if it was simply compared, it was only possible to turn their traffic line more than 30 degrees.

"Open the flower garden!"

The ground trembled, and over three hundred giant structures opened their steel petals.

A shadow spanning a radius of several kilometers was cast, and huge energy blazed over the petals as if exploding.

"What else is that... ...

Enox lowered his arm.

"Extermination!"

As the flash with the power of the MAP weapon burned the earth, 3,000 demons disappeared in an instant.

"Disperse! Avoid the flash and break through!" What is one-day fire?

No, the formation was scattered almost in the form of chaos, and from the attacker's point of view, the degree of difficulty rose.

If the pilot of the flower was a human.

"There is no problem at this level."

Flarino, who is connected to the living flower with the small world window, quickly changed the aiming point.

Because control is possible at the speed of nerves, it was no different from stepping on an ant under her feet.

All sounds were buried in the roaring sound, and the demons were burned just by the flash of light.

Rufist, who had retreated to the flower field, closely observed the battle even during the fight.

'It's doing well unexpectedly.'

The speed at which the demons were reduced by the fire tribe's blow far exceeded the standard value.

'Should I be happy?'

According to a rough estimate, the number of demons who died in 30 minutes exceeded 150,000.

In other words, the firepower that annihilated the entire army of a small kingdom in 30 minutes.

The problem is that even that huge number is less than 0.1% of the entire army of Hell.

that it becomes

'On the other hand, the Allied damage was about 4 percent.'

As time passed, the power asymmetry would accelerate, but even that was not a big problem.

'It will keep coming in.'

Since there is no end no matter how many kills, the soldiers feel the enemy is infinite.

When you get hit by water under a waterfall, you don't think about when the water line will end.

'That's a billion units.'

Also, this is what Iruki risked everything to pursue the atomic bomb project.

It was a deep reason.

Vulcan, who was positioned in the middle of the army, rested his chin.

"Hmm."

Through the crowd, all the situations in the flower garden were read as a huge flow.

'It's definitely tempting. Besides, raw fire.'

He watched intently as the flashes fired in rapid succession, then nodded.

"In terms of reaction speed compared to scale, it is not at the level of a machine. Humans will be even slower."

A conclusion has been drawn.

"You are a fire tribe."

It was not explained unless it was a small world creation.

Vulcan called, but Sumodo's attention was taken by the information castle at the end of the horizon.

"What are you looking at? I want to go'?"

He came to his senses belatedly and looked back at Balkan.

"No, originally, when I travel, I tend to take pictures of all the hot spots."

Vulcan raised an eyebrow.

"I want to let go, but I can't right now. Focus on the Ancient Weapons. Where is my weak point?"

Sumodo, who has a clear vision, found the most agitated movement among the three hundred flags.

"northwestward. Twenty-third, forty-seventh, eighty-eighth. Those three are different from the others. You seem scared."

Vulcan nodded.

"Seize it. Even if only one was captured, all the flowers in the vicinity would be destroyed. Go with Jetaro."

"OK."

As Sumodo and Zetaro took the lead, the elite demons quickly followed. Natasha asked, pointing at herself. "Vulcan, me?"

It was a Vulcan thoughtfully immersed in thought, but there was only one thing Natasha could do anyway.

"Kill him."

Mach's Knight.

Upon hearing the welcome sound, Natasha turned her head towards the flower field and her eyes lit up.

"It was good."

Lian's spirit rising from the center of the flower garden was pulling her in.





fanaticism (2)


The King of Desire, Gustav Havitz, 17 years old.

Sein and his party, who share the wave in his heart, suffered severe mental damage.

Sein bit his lip until it bleed.

'Damn it, it's a misjudgment.'

With the idea of ??being able to trace Harvitz's location, I couldn't even factor in the nature of the wave.

No, is it really?

The years of Sein's life were not easy enough to overlook variables in the face of problems.

'Calculated. It just doesn't remain in my memory, but it must have been pointed out in the stream of consciousness.'

The problem was that the heartbeats emitted by the atrocities were horrific beyond imagination.

'You can't prepare for what you don't know.' Havitz's desire was a feeling close to a pure nature that could not be expressed in form.

'The quality of fire cannot be defined by its form. But as everyone knows fire... ...

All human beings have a heart of Habits deep in their hearts.

'Even if I like it, I quickly hate it.'

A being of chaos who loves so much that he can commit any kind of terrible thing.

'That point is the territory dominated by Habits.'

Sein opened his mouth.

"Eden, calm down."

As the Iron Wheel rotated rapidly, Eden's mind, which had been consumed by fear, became clear little by little.

"ah??????

Eden's eyes changed when he came to the idea that something had been sacrificed for the current effect.

"Yes, sorry."

The name Yora was swung around to the point of being colorless, but it was not the time to care about shame.

'Remove the Harvits. It's a simple thing.'

When everyone's resolutions were ripe, Kuan, Armin, and Meirei jumped at the same time.

"Hmm."

Even though the enemies were approaching, Harvits just nodded his head left and right in a comfortable position.

The appearance was so calm that it gave goosebumps, but Armin ate his heart.

'He is alone. There is not a single demon that will protect Havitz. If he kills the case before... ...

Before he could finish his thoughts, the spirit zone unfolded and slow magic was applied to Havitz.

As the speed of the pendulum swinging its head in a steady rhythm slowed down, Mayray cast a sonic cannon.

'done!'

Still, everyone is aware of Havitz.

Slow magic and sound cannons restrained the body and mind, so it was not a problem for Quan to cut.

'I want to kill you brutally, but??????

Due to the clown clown's movement, Kuan, who escaped from Harbitz's perception, raised his sword.

'Be lucky.'

Just as the 10-meter gap was about to close in an instant, Habitz's mouth slowly opened.

"Sigh?... "

Time passed slowly, but I could tell from the sound and expression that he was about to yawn.

Sein's thoughts raced quickly.

'You're very relaxed. But that bluff ends here. You have no choice but to die.'

All elements analyzed through Cheolryunan predicted Havitz's death.

But.

"... ... Wow."

For Harvitz, no such future existed.

The sky over the wasteland shone brightly, and then a lightning bolt scratched the ground, followed by a roar.

kurlrrrrrrung!

He survived because the sound was later, but the sound that exploded right in front of him was not enough to keep his cool.

"Keugh!"

Armin cast flicker magic to get away, and Kuan and Mayray threw their bodies with all their might.

"Suddenly what... ... !"

Armin, who had lost his balance and stumbled, looked back and saw black smoke rising into the sky.

"Hmm, I didn't sleep last night, so I'm tired."

The smoke cleared, and on the scorched ground, Havitz was scratching his neck just like the first time.

"what's the matter? What did you do?"

While everyone blankly watched Havitz, Sain slowly looked up at the sky.

'Are there any clouds?'

It's not magic.

The myriad elements of Mother Nature have predicted a thunderbolt in this place at this time since long ago.

'Just on the spot... ...

It was just that there was Harvitz.

'Even if you read the climate, the point where the lightning strikes is not at the level of human calculation. Therefore, it cannot be seen that they waited for this.'

only desire.

I was just tired from not sleeping last night, so I just wanted to stay there.

'An accident triggered by chaos.'

It was like this.

"They are strange. You called me here and you're not doing anything yet, are you? Aren't you trying to kill me?"

Havitz, who yawned again, lowered his pants and urinated on the spot.

"pee."

Despite the appearance of peeing and making noises with her mouth like a child, Sein and the others had no choice but to watch.

Although he is defenseless, he knows that this is also an act that his desire dictates.

'Should I walk the slow again?'

Armin is in trouble.

'If I cast a slaw, there is a high probability that lightning will strike again this time. Oh no, I'm sure it will.'

maybe over his head.

'Wait a minute, then, on the other hand, if I don't cast a slaw, then the thunderbolt won't strike?'

Armin shook his head.

'Wrong order. It has nothing to do with my will. The thunderbolt will eventually strike.'

That is the providence of nature.

'Thus, to be precise, I must say that my thoughts have changed because the lightning struck a while ago.'

If it hadn't been for a thunderbolt, I wouldn't even be thinking about it now.

'Currently I don't want to bet the slaw. If this thought was changed by a thunderbolt, on the contrary... ...

Should I walk the slow now?

'But the reason I'm thinking like this is my thoughts that have changed because of the thoughts I had a while ago.'

In the end, it just fell into an endless cycle.

'Damn it!'

Armin has a mild personality, but this time the insults were up to his throat.

'How do people like this exist?' determined future.

'Sleep when you want to sleep, eat when you want to eat, kill when you want to kill, hit when you want to hit... ...

innocent about everything.

In the end, Habitz can do whatever he wants.

"Armin, don't complicate things." At the same time that Sein spoke his words, the rotation inside the iron wheel accelerated terribly.

"Because I will take care of it."

The sky turned black, and the sun and moon halo, a combination of two halos, began to rotate at the speed of light.

"A fixed future. Once I saw it, I got a great sense of it. Whether it be lightning strikes, strong winds, or earthquakes." you have to block it

"pee. pee."

Amidst the tedious flow of Havitz's pee, Kuan jumped again.

'If Sein can block the future, I will kill Habitz before he recognizes it.'

At that moment, a purple aura rose from Havitz's body looking down at the ground.

Quan, who pulled out 12 external gravity forces, circulated endlessly around Harbitz.

Then, when the external gravity disappeared, it landed on the ground and limped for a few steps, just like inertia, then stopped.

"what?"

The moment Kuan asked a question, everyone blinked and looked around.

Lyria asked herself.

"What are we doing here?" to kill someone.

'I know that. But who?' They weren't even aware that Habitz's incarnation technique, Vanishing, had been activated.

"Ah, that's cool."

Havits, who had finished his errand with his shoulders trembling, raised his trousers and grabbed the longsword.

"Then shall we kill you now?"

The reason Sae-in was chosen as the first target was because his face was the most unlucky.

"It looks like a corpse."

However, the conclusion his desire made was a rational and logically excellent choice.

"First one."

The moment Havits wielded a long sword cut through the air and was about to decapitate Sein.

It stopped with a bean as if blocked by a transparent barrier.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

Eden, who ran next to Sein, was activating a barrier with both hands outstretched.

"Hmm."

Habitz, who had secretly withdrawn his sword, pressed his face towards Eden and touched his mustache.

"Can you see me?" The elongated face obscured all vision, but Eden could neither see nor hear.

'Why should I shield?'

It merely acted reflexively to the terrifying waves of murderous intent heard through God's frequency.

'A tremendous wave of the heart.' Her hands trembled in fear again, but Mei Lei's ability was unmistakable.

"I can't last long!"

Eden's face turned red.

It was because she said something crazy that she thought was completely implausible.

It's like approaching an unknown person in broad daylight and making an animal-like noise.

It was a mouth that would never have opened if the waves in his heart hadn't been heard even now.

'Yes.'

Everyone felt like they had heard the answer.

'I'm missing something.'

Sein's nose wrinkled.

¡®I am activating the Sun and Moon Halo. It means you have something to fight for. It's just that for some reason I missed that fact.'

hypnosis? hallucination? mind magic? law?

'Or am I crazy. No, absolutely not. Waves of murderous intent are at hand.'

If it wasn't for God's frequency, and if it weren't for the world's best owner, I wouldn't have thought of it.

'I decided to kill him.'

It doesn't matter who it is.

"Kill!"

Everyone moved as soon as I vomited the concept most closely related to the concept of Habits.

'Let's not think.'

Like a machine, at the point where everyone rushes to the place where there is a wave of murderous intent.

"uh?"

Harvits feels embarrassed for the first time in his life.

'It can't be like this?'

It was the result of everyone's efforts, but as expected, the key was May-Lee, who had the God's frequency.

'It's here!'

The intent to kill changed to chaos, but Kuan's ears clearly heard the location of the target to be killed.

'Honestly, it still feels like crazy.'

It was only when I was young that I fantasized about being attacked by a monster with a stick swung in front of me.

'I'm an adult.'

I'm not 'pure' enough to reveal my imagination into reality.

'Still, it's cut.'

It was the decision of a swordsman who had trained and wielded a sword for the rest of his life.

The sound of the wind howled terribly, and Quan's sword cut perfectly through the air.

' did.'

Everyone stopped moving, and Kuan, who landed belatedly, looked back at the cut and frowned.

'Is it also an illusion?'

At that time, Sein found 12 black soul enemies left in the place where Kuan had slashed them.

"Armin! stop

It was an endless simulation in my head, so my tongue moved as if I had memorized it.

'stop!'

As time stopped, 12 people in black robes came into view.

'It's hell!'

There are still holes in the logic, but information about Si-ok comes to mind quickly.

At that moment, Havitz canceled vanishing.

"... ... Quite interesting."

The feeling of liberation that he had finally remembered hit his brain like a spark, and Sein clenched his fists.

"Big!"

How could I forget Harvits?

"I don't know what."

As the 12 Shiok opened the way left and right, Habitz took a stride.

"Can you read my mind?" Sein and the others did not answer.

'Just imagining ways to locate them could name hundreds of them. There's no reason to reveal it.'

"Would it be really fun?"

Havitz's eyes curved like a seagull.

"Did you think you wouldn't know?"

know the location read the mind

What was able to jump through the valley of logic that is empty between these two sentences with insight.

"It's my heart'?"

This is because all the actions of Sein and his party are the result of Havitz's mind and chemical reaction.

"It's a feeling. Do you feel that just knowing the location would not have made such a response?"

A quiet voice flowed from Sein's mouth.

'yes. Before he became atrocious, before he became chaos, he was the emperor of the Gustav Empire.'

Harvits is no fool.

"So that's what I mean."

Madness dwelled in Habitz's eyes as he examined every aspect of Sein's party.

"Whose ability is it?"

At that moment, a terrifying thought flashed through Sein's mind.

'It's a predetermined future.'

Is it really a property that humans can interfere with?

'Even if it interferes, how will I know that? Time is just a whole.'

Sein's brain spun rapidly.

'In the end, the incident in which Habitz left the battlefield was also in the flow of time. why? Is it because the atomic bomb project will succeed in the future? or not... ...

Accident stopped.

In a state as pale as blank paper, only the first question was floating on the surface.

'Why is Harvits... ...

Could it be that he chose this place rather than the battlefield?





Fanaticism (3)


"The representative of Zion has arrived." The moment Aromi's voice was heard from the ceiling, the door opened violently and Miro entered.

On the left and right, they were accompanied by Gangnan and Zulu.

"This woman is real!"

The captain of the bodyguard who entered the room belatedly saw Iruki and bowed at a right angle.

"sorry! This woman is reckless... ...

Iruki held out his palm.

"That's Okay. Get out."

Iruki has never held his subordinates accountable for failing to deal with an unexpected situation.

The captain of the bodyguard also knew Iruki's tendencies, so he felt ashamed for not behaving properly.

"All right."

I wanted to say something like a chimney, but I just answered because I didn't want to be a human being like Miro.

'What era is that polar line? She's an arrogant and self-indulgent woman.' Well, Iruki didn't necessarily think that acting for someone else was good.

It's actually a concept close to a child.

'Goodness is the law.'

It was an iron rule and belief that was not mixed with the slightest chaos, and in that sense, the labyrinth was the polar line.

"welcome. It's later than expected. Actually, I thought it would arrive the fastest."

With Zulu, the best in utility, it wouldn't have been a matter of distance or speed.

Miro sat down on the sofa, put one arm on the backrest and crossed her legs.

"Because a claim was caught in the middle. I was late to deal with it."

"claim?"

"An apostle of time."

A vacuum occurred around Miro and the others, who were flying to the Central Continent on Kydra.

"yes?"

Miro asked, looking back at the cockpit when he suddenly stopped breathing.

"what's the matter?"

Of course, no sound was heard, but Zulu already answered with his head turned.

"There is no waiting. It is impossible to fly."

After canceling the summoning magic, he landed on a rocky area with huge reddish-brown rocks.

After leaving the vacuum, the maze and the others took a deep breath, and humans appeared from all over the rocks.

There were 12 people in total.

"Hoo?"

Zulu's eyes grew unusually wide, and Miro's smile looked somewhat unnatural.

'These aren't human.' You can tell by looking at the eyes.

Even if you don't know the special method, if you look at their eyes, it was so different that everyone would think the same thing.

"Nice to meet you, the polar line of the times."

The woman who opened her mouth was a gracefully aged old woman, and her smiling face looked benevolent.

'It's a dragon.'

Since only the first-class dragons can change their form, the maze became even more depressing.

'Is there a time when all 12 apostles gathered in my memory?'

As I slowly looked over the figures on the rock wall, they were of different ages and genders, but none of them looked ordinary.

'Six men and six women.' Of course, dragons are not obsessed with form.

If the original characteristics of birth are embodied in human personality, the identity of the old woman is... ... .

'Poison Dragon Poin.'

According to the vision, Poine's personality is benevolent and benevolent, and terribly cruel.

Miro wiggled his front with his fingers.

"Uh, so, can you introduce yourself to who you are? I get confused just by looking at your face."

"You don't need to know."

The man standing third from the right on the rocky terrain suddenly turned into blue electricity and appeared in front of the maze.

With the afterimage of the electricity remaining on his retina, Miro looked at the man's face.

'Thunder Dragon Blitz.'

The hollowed-out eyelids added a sharp look to the pale face without eyebrows.

"This is a message from Karatorsa-sama." Miro slightly bent her knees.

"Kara Torsa. You hear the name of a legend here. A message from such a great being would take time. I'm so busy that I can't even wash my clothes after doing errands."

Despite the sarcastic remarks, Blitz conveyed his words calmly.

"Don't go to the Central Continent."

Miro waited for the next words to follow, but Blitz's mouth didn't open any longer.

"Is that the end?"

"Yes."

Miro burst into laughter.

¡ìPooka

Of course, I knew what it meant when all the 12 apostles gathered to deliver the brief words from earlier.

'I'm going to press it with force.' She honestly wasn't feeling a little shaken up, but she was conscious of the maze.

"I want to hear the reason."

Giving a chance to convince was not because of the dragon's prestige, but pure curiosity.

"Mr. Miro, don't be mistaken."

said the blond boy sitting on the rocky cliff.

"It's not our words, it's Kara Torsa's message. You just have to do it."

Miro's eyes turned to the boy.

'What monster is that again?'

Does he look like he's about twelve years old?

He had a playful face, sport shorts, and a fashion band on his wrist hanging between his legs.

He was a boy who absolutely loved sports, but the feeling of light in his eyes gave Miro a thrill.

'Gwangryong Gwangryong Phaeton.'

Behind the boy, it was as if he could see the figure of a golden dragon emitting blinding brilliance.

'It's sad if it's the second most violent.' According to the vision, even Ray El, the archangel of light, stuck out his tongue when fighting Phaeton.

"So... ...

After sighing and clearing her mind, Miro lifted her chin toward Phaeton.

"Tell me why. Don't annoy people."

The atmosphere became strange to the point that even Kang Nan's heart sank when he heard Miro's words.

Phaeton's head slowly went down, and after a while, his shoulders moved without a sound.

When he raised his face again, the only thing left in his eyes was the will to kill.

"Oh, sir... ... !"

"stop."

Phaeton flinched at Blitz's voice and looked back at Blitz with the same vitality.

"who? me?"

"Yes, Peyton. Yes, you."

Golden smoke billowed from Phaeton's body, which slowly stood up, forming the shape of a dragon.

It wasn't welcome this time.

"Are you out of your mind? Do you think that Mudeungryong entrusted you with this era?"

When Shirone sacrificed himself in the Labyrinth of Andre's World 1, Kara Torsa set up Blitz as its representative.

Remember the light of Shirone, if it weren't for that one word, there would be no superiority or inferiority among the 12 apostles.

"I am merciful, so if I make a mistake, I will accept it. Then where... ... Why don't you try talking again?"

The amount of information of Phaeton, who uses dragon words at the speed of light, is uncontrollable and violent.

"There is no point in fighting among ourselves."

The reason Karatorsa thought Blitz was appropriate for this era was because it had a tendency to be super-cold.

"The reason we want to stop Maze is to preserve her combat power. But what if I die here? Let her cool down a bit."

Miro smiled bitterly.

"Ah, such a deep meaning. But from what I hear, it seems that people are completely regarded as water?"

Despite Miro's provocation, Blitz remained calm.

"Karatorsa-sama protected time from three resets. If it wasn't for him, this world would have already changed everything by the intention of a certain being. We cannot fathom the depth of Karatorsa's intentions. However, if you really need a reason, I can give you my personal thoughts."

As Miro recommended, he flipped his palms and pushed them out.

"What is your opinion?"

"The reason I ordered you to stop is probably because I can't guarantee that Shirone will be able to make it on time."

Miro blinked.

"What are you talking about?"

Blitz conveyed the current situation.

The fact that Shirone is receiving Omega, all the information unfolded in chronological order.

And even the fact that sooner or later, on the initiative of the crusade, an elemental bomb will be dropped on Vasuka.

"It's an elemental bomb."

Miro, resting on her chin, raised her index finger.

"So, if you're on the battlefield right now, everyone will die, right? So, should we conserve power?"

Gangnan shouted.

"I bet Gaold would be there too!" Blitz nodded his head.

"Gaold is moving along with a member of the Ivory Tower. I can give you the location if you want."

"Ivory Tower?"

It was a maze that I thought would never accompany anyone else due to Gaold's personality.

'He can't move by himself.'

How much have you become a cripple?

I could imagine the maze I had seen with my own eyes, but nothing had changed.

"I'm not interested in Gaold's circumstances. I have my own business, and I have to go to the Central Continent."

Gangnan glared at him fiercely.

"You, what are you talking about now? Autumn Degas, who is responsible for fighting like this? And if you die... ... !"

"I won't die."

If he was going to die from a bomb, he wouldn't even cut it out of his heart, shedding bloody tears.

"That's done. What I'm really curious about is, how did you know? elemental bomb. Wouldn't it be a sanctuary that was so meek enough to fail in security management? Also, if it failed, the plan would have already been cancelled. How did you do it?"

"nothing."

Blitz told the truth.

"You don't have to do anything to know some information. Kara Torsa's omega is... ...

What information is currently being passed on to Shirone?

"It's an Akashic record log (operational record)."

"Log? So you mean all the records from the moment this world existed until now?"

"Yes. All dragons can access the core, but they can't read the logs. It seems that there was a consultation with the guffin before the 1st reset started. Omega is incredibly massive and dangerous. That's why Karatorsa-sama chose eternal rest."

"Hmm. And that log is currently being delivered to Shirone."

Miro, who imagined that Yahweh's omnipotence would be added to all the information in the world, gave goosebumps.

'You can literally call it God. If this is for sure, I might be able to catch you.'

Blitz said.

"Don't go to the Central Continent. All the logs are now transferred from Kara Torsa to Shirone. We will also follow Shirone. Help him save time."

"thanks. Thanks to you, I understood." Miro raised her head.

"But I hate it."

I felt a huge life force rushing from behind my back, but Blitz was still calm.

"The reason is?"

"I am not helping Shirone."

Allies are allies, but the philosophies of Shirone and Miro were different.

"Shirone thinks that everything has value in existence. He believes that even evil can be redeemed. But not me. I never tolerate evil."

"Even Syrone doesn't forgive evil unconditionally."

"I know. Sometimes we can meet up and have a drink and chat. However, Shirone and I are people who have reached the pole in a certain direction. No compromise, especially during war. I don't know how to fight while thinking of something like repentance. If Shirone gets in my way, Shirone is also my enemy."

"therefore? Are you saying that Hansako will go to the Central Continent? Do you think you can live?"

"No, rather the opposite."

If the operation succeeds, it couldn't be better, but there were many unknown talents on the axis of evil.

It would be difficult to lure more than 100 million people to Baska if they got even the slightest hint.

"I will detonate the elemental bomb no matter what. Even if I die."

Haven't you already given up on life?

When the maze finished speaking, all the apostles in the rocky area were standing up before they knew it.

Miro swallowed saliva as he watched himself with different emotions.

It was obvious that as soon as Blitz's permission was granted, an attack of tremendous power would be launched.

"I give you a choice."

At the unexpected words of Blitz, the light dragon Phaeton fired at him, baring his teeth.

"You don't have that right."

"there is. I will report directly to Kara Torsa. Until then, I will judge."

Leaving behind Phaeton's displeased expression, Blitz spoke to Miro again.

"This is the conclusion I came to because you said you were prepared for death. If you die anyway, arguing is a waste of time. So don't suggest One is to receive the blow of the 12 apostles."

Miro did not open his mouth recklessly.

"Since it is a contractual fulfillment, I will not cooperate. Even so, there is a high probability that you will die, but if you cannot accept this much, the sincerity of your words will be questioned."

"... ... Any other options?"

As Blitz turned his head around, light emitted from his pupils as if blue electricity vibrated.

"He's going to kill us all."





Fanaticism (4)


At Blitz's suggestion, the 11 apostles who were listening in the background did not object.

It was reasonable for them to prove their readiness to die or to fight all 12 apostles.

'Attack me one by one in order.' On the other hand, Miro was in a bad mood. I won't take it naked

However, there was no counterattack at the time the opponent attacked.

'If I refuse... ... practice at that time.

It is to be hit and run with the 12 apostles.

'I want to choose the latter.'

Regardless of the outcome of victory or defeat, when will another opportunity come to experience such a battle as a single mage?

'But I have to go to the Central Continent right now. This is not the time to build up your ego.'

Having made a decision, Miro raised her hands.

"Okay, hit me cool. I'll get you right." Zulu has arrived.

"maze."

"Stand back. you know He's not an opponent to provoke by breaking the rules clumsily."

As true as it was, Zulu gave up the claim and took a contingency plan.

'12 apostles. They were once against the archangel. At least make it a getaway... ...

He flew long distances with Kydra, but he still had the mental strength to cast Posmetry once.

It was unknown whether it would work for the 12 apostles.

"What are you doing? Have you already learned philanthropy after singing Shirone's song? come in." Blitz looked back.

"Who will go first?"

"I'll do it."

It was a woman who shaved off half of her red hair and wore three piercings on her left lip.

She was wearing leather tights that showed off her voluminous body, and a long zipper was visible along the centerline of her body.

Miro's eyes watched her.

"maybe... ...

The Fire Dragon, Infercus.

It was a dragon that was also the model for the last 10 steps in Shirone's graduation exam.

How many spectators at the time cursed the developer who set up Infercus as a pervert?

'It's not a pervert. Rather benevolent.'

Even though she transformed into a human, the energy she faced in real life was at a level that simulation could not materialize.

'That monster hit me?'

Infercus, who had jumped down the rock, suddenly stopped and looked back.

"I'll do it first, don't you have any complaints?" The light dragon Phaeton winced.

"What if I have a complaint? If it's not first in the order, you're going to fuck again, right?" Inpercus moved again.

"That's why I asked. It's better to do it now than to do it later."

Approaching the maze, she said.

"Let's do it quickly. Because each other is busy."

Miro's cheeks trembled as he raised the corner of his mouth, and the incarnation of the Thousand Hands Guanyin unfolded.

The 12 apostles raised their heads at the sight of Guanyin soaring to the top of the sky.

All of them are masters of battle, so the fact that you can realize is... ... .

'Certainly that must be tricky to attack.'

Poine, the venomous dragon, spoke in the soft voice of an old woman.

"When you fight an opponent you don't know, you usually start with your senses. Either open the door with what you do best, or attack the weak part of the opponent for some reason. But that Kannon... ...

Poine laughed happily.

"You're making me not even think about it."

There are no blind spots.

It's perfect in every direction, no matter what standard you put in, so you don't even want to attack first.

Zulu murmured.

"All-sky projection."

Bake all things at the top of the universe

It was the sight of the Thousand Arms Guanyin.

"anyway... ...

Inpercus raised his fist in front of his eyes.

"Can I do it?"

Then, as he spread his fingers, a huge stream of fire erupted, and a hot wind that seemed to cook his skin swept everywhere.

Miro took a deep breath.

"It's fine. It's not a breath."

There were no specific rules, but it seemed that Inpercus was not going to solve the shape transformation.

"Goes."

Manipulating a ball of fire that burned like the sun at the top of the sky with the palm of his hand, Infercus took a step forward.

"Great!"

Miro's nose wrinkled. A pillar of fire fell from the sky as if the world had been turned upside down.

30 minutes later.

The place where all the 12 apostles left was no longer a rocky area.

Gangnan and Zulu threw themselves as layers of soil, which must have been accumulated tens of thousands of years ago, were revealed.

"maze!"

The two who arrived were speechless.

Miro, who was sitting on one knee, was trembling with his face covered with both arms.

His sleeves were burnt, his arms covered in blood, and one foot buried deep in the ground.

"I lived."

I was trembling at the current result because I had watched all the attacks of the 12 apostles while biting my lips until blood flowed.

'I threw it away. He said he endured.'

I honestly don't like her, but I feel awe as a human being when this happens.

"Mr. Miro."

The moment you approach her while using honorifics for the first time in a while.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Miro jumped up and screamed.

"You bastard lizards! Kill them all!"

The moment Miro kicked off the ground and ran, Kang Nan hugged her by the waist.

"Hold on! Be patient!"

"Let go! I can't live being beaten up like this! I will go and pay you back!"

As the maze fell forward, the weight carried on it made it possible to know the strength.

He was no longer in a state where he could fight.

'Well, I couldn't do anything and just accepted it.'

When I looked at the maze without expressing myself, tears welled up in her eyes.

"Huh, Mr. I'm really sad."

The reason why Miro under the world endured it to the end even though she was angry enough to bring tears to her eyes... ... After all, it will be humanity.

'It's a polar line.'

Until now, I had hated Miro for not understanding Gaold's feelings, but now suddenly.

'Because she's like this.'

I wondered if Gaold was trying to help her, even enduring the terrible pain.

Gangnan said softly.

"Go to the Central Continent."

"... ... It happened like this."

Iruki, who had been listening to Miro's story in a daze, came to his senses after a while.

"So you're late? Because you hit the 12 apostles one by one?"

"yes. I was going to come quickly, but there was no place where my socks didn't hurt. I guess I'm getting old too."

Miro, who had been pretending to be sick, corrected her expression.

"Anyway, I heard about it. elemental bomb. He's definitely a friend of Shirone's. You came up with a really cute strategy."

A shadow fell over Iruki's face.

"If Shirone knew, he would be angry."

Miro did not deny it.

"So do you regret your current choice?"

"Nope. I will. The resolution is already over."

Miro nodded.

"great. After all, isn't that the only way to defeat evil? During World War II, human power was extremely weakened. Let's take a walk here. I will help you too."

The reason why it is easy to speak of a terrible tragedy is that you are included among the victims.

"So, there is something suspicious about it."

Iruki pointed to the map of the battlefield.

"As long as Mayray is there, information will never leak out. Mudeungryong's log is only handed down to Shirone. Until then, no one could read it because it was in eternal sleep."

"Hmm. By the way?"

"We are going according to strategy. But what to say, backlash? There is such a reaction."

Iruki squeezed his index finger with the other hand.

"It feels like something is beating inside the enemy, as if you can feel the pulse in your veins."

"You mean you noticed?"

"It's embarrassing because it's not to that extent. Harvits has two paths. To go straight ahead, bypassing Tormia. Bypassing and hitting the baska. Going straight is good because it's convenient, and if you take a detour, there's a toy called Bashukara. In my opinion, with a slight shock, the armies of Hell should be redirected to Baska. However, the bending feeling is smaller than expected."

"Hmm. It's subtle, right? Doesn't shocking them cause backlash, and it doesn't seem like they're refusing to go to Basuka?"

"Yes. Looking at the military as an organism, the current emotion is close to conflict. It could be that there is a disagreement internally, or it could be that you have a gut feeling but only a few know."

"Then now is the time. The more suspicious the opponent is, the more difficult the inducement is."

Iruki thought it was a relief that Miro didn't need to explain.

"Yes. this place."

The baton pointed to the north of the flower field.

"Please make a shockwave here. It should be bent at least 11 degrees."

Miro laughed.

"Is it an analogy?"

"Yes."

It is not a strategy that can only be explained from an angle.

"It's good because it's intuitive. Got it. Me and Zulu, if it's Gangnan, 11 degrees or more will be possible."

Miro stood up.

"Then, work hard."

Iruki looked at Miro's back and asked.

"why?"

Miro turned around, but the next words came a little later.

"You don't say anything, do you?" "I know you hate evil. But good people die too. Why? no way? Because you will die too?"

"I'd like to grab a straw."

Iruki's eyes twitched.

"You probably want to hear something similar to the correct answer. Even the words of a psychopath. No, I'd rather hear the full amount of criticism."

The maze moved as if taking a walk.

"But there is no one to talk to, and only silence surrounds you."

Iruki's head slowly lowered.

"Also, that is my answer."

When Iruki raised his face again, Miro gave him a pitiful look.

"I did too. When the 20-member committee met, most people were silent."

Only Gaold shouted incessantly.

"It was sad and savage. Humans look like monsters. But after being on the dimensional wall for 20 years, I suddenly thought of this. Maybe mankind was quiet for the first time then."

silence.

"I hate to admit it, but there are some questions that cannot be answered. It is human arrogance to believe that all problems can be answered. At that time, humanity and intellect were pale. Before a question without an answer."

Miro smiled as if letting go of the sadness of the past.

"From the start, there was nothing to resent or get angry about. If I had rejected the committee's decision, it would have gone that way again. So, would mankind perish? It's unknown. It's just the past."

Miro kissed Iruki on the top of his head.

"Right now, you are standing alone in an unknown world where no one has ever set foot. It will be painful, but there is no need to be afraid. Wherever you go, it will become a road, and people will gather along that road to open a new world. That's why I, too, as a human being... ...

Stepping backwards, Miro kissed the index and middle fingers and held out to Iruki.

"I am silent about your choice."

Iruki's two fists spontaneously gained strength.

"thank you."

What a blessing it is for someone who has experienced the unknown world before to exist in this world.

"remember. Now you are the master of the world."

The door closed, and Iruki calmly closed his eyes.

The silence Miro spoke of did not mean support, opposition, or neutrality.

'A choice only for me.'

Whatever you choose will be the first, and a new future will be born from it.

"Whoa."

As the overheated brain cools down for a while, Iruki sleeps for about 3 minutes for the first time in a long time.

could take





Fanaticism (5)


As Sain's party surrounded Havitz in a circle, Siok also formed a circle from the inside.

'It's not going to end just by manipulating the environment in a specific time period.'

Sein was still thinking.

'If even the incident that caused us to leave Habitz is just a future that continues from the past... ...

I had a feeling that the reason Harvitz had come here wasn't just to avoid the elemental bomb.

"Hey, woman."

As Havitz's mind was conveyed through <Nemesis>, everyone realized at the same time.

"Harm!"

Shiok rushed towards Maylei.

'why?'

Armin, who was keeping his seat while maintaining the stop magic, had a question.

'Shiok was assumed to be specialized in defense. But is that not the case?'

It may not be an object that can be classified with a simple concept like a workshop.

"You look funny." I heard Kuan's voice behind me.

However, in the next moment, he was swinging his sword at Shi-ok's side before he knew it.

'The pole of asymmetry.'

The location of Kuan was clearly visible to Saein and the others, but Shiok did not even know that he had approached.

such a law.

'Here arises the second hypothesis. Why are there 12 prisons, or 12 people?'





0.666 seconds.


A prison of time where no event can happen.

'The law responds one to one to all outcomes. Otherwise, the world will be a messed up window.'

In Siok, 12 people make one law.

'In other words, twelve specific phenomena combine to give birth to the prison of time. So if you remove even one... ...

It is like opening a hole in the iron wall of Havitz.

By the time it came to a quick conclusion, Quan was swinging his sword at Si-ok in the lead.

'He won't even know he's dying.'

That moment.





"Q"


Shi-ok, who was in the lead, suddenly got caught in the foot of a colleague and his upper body was thrown wide.

' what?'

Comte couldn't have been more terrible than this, but the sword was already swinging.

The blade cut through the robe, and a stream of blood ascended to heaven with a sound.

"blood'?"

As if the machine had stopped working, Si-ok drooped her shoulders and lowered her head.

"It's quite right."

When Si-ok, the leader, pulled back his hood and revealed himself, Sae-in and his party's eyes widened.

" human?" He was a man without pointy ears, no red skin, no horns on his head or back.

'Humans can hear it.'

Maylei tapped Shiok's waves with God's frequency.

"This?... "

Eden, who shared the wave through <Nemesis>, looked back at Shi-ok with a blank expression.

'These voices, this is definitely... ... Humans who were only fascinated by evil and became Satan's followers in the state of flesh and blood.

"Fanatical."

The identity of Shiok was 12 fanatics. How much flow would be required for a rock embedded in the ground to be pulled out by the torrent?

Information Castle crumbled like dust.

The battle inside the complex castle was reminiscent of an action play, but from a distance it was just a huge mass swept away.

"rush! rush!"

As the lines of demons who destroyed the castle were combined, a tremendous shock struck the ground.

In a place where not even rubble remains, the corpses of allied soldiers are bouncing all over the floor.

"Kill anyone!"

No survivors were seen.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

In the gloomy space of the underground tunnel, Dante's rough breathing echoed sadly.

"Are you okay? If it's difficult, leave it to me."

The 3rd division officer supporting him looked at Dante with worried eyes.

His complexion was pale.

"Nope. It is a labyrinth that incorporates an encryption system. It is not an exit you can find by wandering around a lot." Behind Dante and the officers, the soldiers who had been engaged in a defensive battle at the Information Castle followed.

'Panic Room.'

When the shock of the demons exceeded the durability of the information castle, Dante headed to the underground facility.

And the troops were evacuated through the escape route made through the serial magic circle Baekdo.

'You're thorough. If I gave up on the panic room, the castle's functionality could have been greatly improved.'

Wizards do not overconfident in their abilities.

'Well, none of the wizards I know have any interest in being a hero.'

Speaking as a prosecutor, it seems that the only purpose of their lives is to solve problems.

'I'm going to die of hate! Always promoted faster than me! You clever bastard!'

His teeth gnashed at the thought of his motive in the military, but the officer soon made a face of acceptance.

'... ... It must have been so comfortable, to have someone think for me.' Like a lost child who finds his parents

Just like me, Dante's presence made me feel safe.

"Now what? The number of troops is not large enough to carry out the operation."

Dante had already made up his mind.

"It's good to join a unit, but it's a waste to give up the advantage of moving underground. Considering the distance to the flower field, it is not the time to be pushed back even if we arrive. Let's move through the basement as it is and dig a trap."

"A trap?"

The officer asked curiously.

"I won't make a great trap. Compared to the size of the enemy, the work efficiency is too low." I wondered how threatening the improvised trap would be.

"The scale is not necessarily determined by size or shape alone."

"Yes?"

Dante raised a laser model between his palms with precise photon output.

Inside the frame of the cube, the frame of another cube was connected with a line.

"This... ... '?"

As if born endlessly, the two cubes moved, reversing the concept of inside and outside.

"Dimension."

Dante raised an eyebrow.

The energy of the ancient weapons, fresh flowers, comes from the sunlight received by the vast petals.

There was not a single cloud in the sky.

It was because the temple had already manipulated the weather by requesting cooperation from the World Climate Organization.

"Cover the sun."

Vulcan immediately saw through the mechanism.

As the flying demons belonging to each unit soared into the sky, the whole area became dark like night.

Enox, the commander of the flower garden, gave instructions.

"Intercept."

The ceiling of the red meat was coolly pierced as the three hundred fresh flowers fired their flashes into the sky.

"Now! charge!"

While the ashes of the demons fell like heavy snow, ground forces infiltrated the flower fields.

Protea, the chieftain of the Fire Tribe, shouted.

"Lord Enox! Allied forces are being pushed back! You have to push them away with the fresh flowers before they get any closer!"

"no. Fresh flowers need to keep recharging their energy. In a state where the sky cannot be opened, it is just scrap metal."

The commander of the Demon Tribe, who had broken through the tenfold encirclement of the allied forces, shouted.

"You don't have to kill me! Torture terribly! Destroy it to the point where you're begging me to kill you!"

"Wow!"

The faces of the allied troops waiting at their respective positions became white at the order that even faded the purpose of the war.

"Things like crap."

Enox drew his sword and shouted.

"Brothers and sisters! Fear not! The light of agape will protect us. let's go!"

"Hahaha! It's an elf, an elf!"

Demons rushing with greedy eyes

Watching, the elves pulled out their weapons.

"Toward Idea!"

Enox's legs floated in the air and shot forward at great speed.

"Liddle, a piece of rotten meat that can't even be recycled."

A whirlwind formed on her sword, and every time she performed swordsmanship, the demons were separated into pieces.

A wind as sharp as a blade cut through the right arm of the demon battalion commander.

"Kuh! what kind of wind... ... !"

It felt like being hit by steel.

"Heh, it's proof that you guys are inferior." Aeos, the flying magic, and Aruope, the cutting magic.

All of them were Norr's ancient magic.

"Elves are new people."

Mixed blood of Nord and Fairy.

Even with the same ancient magic, the magical power that comes from the fairy's mental power was incomparable to that of humans.

"The ideas of the next generation are ours."

Enox dreamed that one day the elves would blend into human society and reach the gods.

"Besieged! I mean crush it with your body!"

At the command of the brigade commander, the large demons rushed from all sides, shaking the ground.

The view was completely blocked, so Enox landed on the ground as lightly as a feather.

"Putting in a stinky body." Scanning her foes with her cold eyes, she twisted her ant-thin waist all the way.

"Mahagart."

Collective magic for Norr.

However, the elf with 100% affinity for the soul didn't need any help other than air.

"The love of the wind!" As Enox used the elasticity of his waist to cut his sword across, a gale spread in all directions.

"Keugh!"

As if being hit by a huge wave, the giant Demons were pushed off the floor.

Turning gracefully, Enox slammed his sword into the ground and opened his eyes.

"Estacion!"

Collective magic, which was only possible when 100 Norse wizards gathered, exploded alone in her heart.

The atmosphere in a radius of 100 meters became tens of thousands of small blades, causing turbulence.

"Kuaaa!"

Good food! Good food! Good food!

As if trapped in a giant mixer, the tattered flesh of the demons raged.

"damn! That elf, I won't let you go!" Even the cruel demons could only watch outside the power of Esta Shion.

"Whoa."

When Enox pulled out his sword, the demons waiting for him rushed in with murderous intent.

"You start by chewing on your fingers... ... !"

The demon's face exploded with a bang.

"Chief!"

The elven archers, born from the spirit of the wind, were approaching, pushing through the barriers.

"Everybody fire in a row!"

Every time the archers bounced off the steel string, the arrows flew at Mach speed and detonated a sonic boom.

Their fire rate, which is superior to that of humans, reached 7 per second... ... .

pop! pop! pop! pop!

The power of the arrow pierced the demon's body and disappeared from sight.

Tess, anxiously watching the vanguard fight, sighed in relief.

"Somehow, I got the balance right. There is a limit to sacrificing flying demons, so if we endure like this... ...

At that time, a weak vibration that could not be felt without the sensory system of the schema was transmitted.

"what?"

When I turned my head to the camp, I saw a live fire facing the allied forces.

"Harm!"

At the same time as Lian grabbed Tess by the wrist and threw herself, a flash of light scratched the ground.

As the ground rumbled, a black line was drawn diagonally across the Thousand People, which Tess belonged to.

Lian, who stood up, murmured.

"Someone stole the flower."

"I'll go!"

Tess is a dear friend, but there was no room for personal feelings during the war.

"Be careful."

As Tess gave a thumbs up and moved away, Lian turned her head again to look ahead.

That moment.

A seesaw of time has occurred.

Because it's impossible for time to slow down just by looking back... ... .

why the hell

Even in a situation where the brain had not yet created a thought, the cells throughout the body vigorously spewed out questions.

Another 1,000 people 200 meters ahead.

Although it is not known exactly what is going on as Fumi's troops are obstructed from view.





K | 99


Farther away, countless soldiers were simultaneously bouncing into the sky.

The fact that the soldiers in the rear did not move a single fingertip meant that they were not even aware of it.

'It's moving at a tremendous speed.'

As the seesaw of time unraveled, Lian's arm pulled the great sword deep into his chest.

TZ: rz rz rz rz = TZ: | 1-I-r?t?i-r!

As if a land mine had exploded, the soldiers were thrown out, and at the same time as the rear was finally pierced... ... .

bang

Lian's great straightness shocked me.

"Big!"

After flying several tens of meters, Lian applied the brakes with the soles of her feet and pushed her upper body forward.

'It feels like my stomach has been pierced.'

When I looked ahead, I saw Natasha in a black dress dancing with her pelvis shaking.

'Battle doll... ...

The motion of gently shaking her hips was dainty and seemed to seduce the opponent.

After one rotation, she bent her head to one side, put her elbows on her waist, and spread her hands wide.

"hi?"

Lian traced the 10 starlights that started from her fingers and went up the rift.

The hooded avatar of a skull looked down at her from the top of her head.

"The Shinigami's martial arts."

Natasha is gone.

Hidden Code(1)

Shi Ok.

When fanatics who follow Satan appeared, Havitz stood back as if he had nothing to do.

'Shiok is a human?'

Sein questioned even as he kept the hooded woman's face in his eyes.

'Why are you human?'

Of course, the concept of Satan is also practiced by human Havitz, so it is not unusual.

Polar line goes to Maze, ball goes, and fraternity goes to Shirone.

It is only natural that hardware is required to reveal any concept as a phenomenon.

Therefore, the question of the world was not a logical error, but only a matter of emotion.

In other words, why does Shiok have to be human too?

'Because I can choose.'

There is a difference between being created to follow Satan and following Satan by choosing oneself.

fanaticism.

The act of throwing one's heart in the most dangerous way.

'Even if Shiok's will is separate from Havitz's, it is the same as Havitz's will in the end.'

For example, you want to kill someone.

If you use your hands directly, you will face a difficult situation, and even if you try to ask for a favor, your tail will be stepped on.

'But what if someone took care of it?'

Could there be a more effective existence as Satan's limbs?

"You won't have to hide it any longer."

The remaining 11 Shiok, who were covering their faces, simultaneously threw back their hoods.

women, old people and children.

It was a common appearance that can be seen anywhere in society.

The woman with the cut on her forehead glared at Quan.

"An attack coming from outside the cognition. Interesting. I never thought I would meet someone other than us who handles hidden codes."

Kuan asked.

"Hidden code?"

"I have no choice but to know. Because it is the knowledge of the other side of the world. In order for you guys to feel the world logically, illogical codes must be experimented with. Code used in some kind of test mode. We call them cheats."

Sein did not understand.

"You all think this world is logical. But no. It's just that you guys have adapted to the code of reality."

She raised her index finger.

"In a dream, no matter how absurd an incident is, you can understand it, right? Of course It's called Drimo, and a lot of codes from the Underworld go into it and get filtered out. And only the code that has secured stability is applied in reality. After all, what you believe to be logic is nothing more than rules set by the creators of this world for convenience."

Sein and the others listened blankly.

"In Drimo, code that is considered useless in the real world, that is, code that has not secured stability, escapes through buffering called <Under Coder>. And there it combines with discarded information from the real world."

Sein asked.

"After joining?"

"It is stored endlessly in a system called The Abyss."

I've heard from Miro before.

'The destination of all information.'

I heard that it is the place where the final future that the world reaches based on the current state is realized.

'Did I say it was like hell?'

"It's a very fun place."

Si-ok thought differently.

"Because all the processes until the end of the world are accumulated. If you take a good look at the ruins and records lying there, you can also find out what will happen at a certain point in the future. Have a look. It's so much fun."

Sein shook his head.

"When the present changes, the future changes. If we win, The Abyss will not be hell."

"Because everything is fixed."

the woman laughed.

"Behind the scenes, reality, Dremo, the Undercoder, and the Abyss. It is a world where 5 systems operate simultaneously in the same time zone. can you imagine What can I change?"

Sein was silent.

"Listen smart. Humans are nothing more than residents using the space of reality. He said he couldn't change the future."

"But all systems must be operating for the space of reality. As you said, if humans are users, then we have the right to reject the current world."

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

The woman who had been laughing like crazy stopped laughing and put on a cold expression.

"It must have been like that once." There was a time when humans defined everything.

"But not you. It's not connected. How could a human who didn't realize the missing link change the law? Of course, it's not easy for some humans to deal with the admin code. But do you think that this world will come to an end?"

When Sein kept his mouth shut, the woman turned to Quan.

"In that sense, I want to commend you. It's a pretty good cheat. But we are on different levels."

As the blood flowing from his forehead disappeared, even the wounds from the sword began to blur.

'Healing power? No, the wound itself is disappearing.'

Mayray murmured.

"One hour of pride."

"yes?"

The moment I looked back at her, the waves of the woman were transmitted as hallucinations through <Nemesis>.

"... ... Nonsense."

It was an incomprehensible phenomenon.

"Whoops, yes. I am the 1st hour of pride. It deals with hidden codes that can change choices in the past."

"gibberish."

Quan snorted.

"In my memory, the moment I cut you is definitely still there. My memory is not false."

"That is your idea. What do I know?"

1 o'clock in pride shrugged.

"You still don't understand? The logic you know is not absolute. Is this a cheat you don't know about? Look, the wound is gone. I regretted it. He thought that if he had bent his upper body a little more, he wouldn't have been cut. That's why I changed my choice."

The waves in my heart were telling the truth.

'Really?'

One o'clock of arrogance can change the choice you regretted in the past, and output the result through the butterfly effect.

'It changes endlessly.'

This meant that all regrettable events in someone's life would be erased, supporting the phenomenon that Harvitz would always be right no matter what decision he made.

'This is dangerous.'

Taking on the role of a hitman in the holy war, Kuan had an intuition about how difficult it would be to kill the Pride One Hour.

'You have to make a death you won't regret.'

Two methods immediately come to mind.

'To make them plot their own death, or to put them in a situation where death can never be avoided.'

In both cases, the emotion of 'regret' is not triggered, so the past choice cannot be changed... ... .

'Is this really possible?'

I didn't think I could make it.

-This is Mayray. From now on, I'm going to eavesdrop on all 12 waves of Si-ok. Be sure to remember.

Shiok rushed.

"For the Pleasure of Satan!"

Sein, Armin, and Mayray couldn't move because they were blocking the Law of Habits with their respective magics.

"Absolute barrier!"

When Eden opened the shield, Shiok spread, and Lyria amplified the law of Quan.

Quan's figure disappeared from Si-ok's awareness.

'I can't rush in.'

In the meantime, Shiok's name and hidden code echoed in his mind through <Nemesis>.

Sein saved 1 hour of pride in his head.

'A woman with a fierce look and sharp teeth. It can be called a cheat in that you can change the event you regretted in the past, and the process is ignored.'

The next wave came.

'A man with a bald head. dissatisfied

2'o clock. Hidden code wins in all kinds of odds?'

The first thing that came to my mind was Havitz.

It was only natural that the ability of Siok was derived from Satan's chaos.

"Quan! Kill 1 o'clock!"

Si-ok couldn't find Quan anyway, so he shouted as hard as he could.

'It is the first line of arrogance that reverses past choices, and is the first target to be eradicated. Even if I kill just one person, there will be a hole in the prison.'

At least it was now.

"You fool!"

shouted a woman in her mid-30s with big owl-like eyes and prominent cheekbones.

"Why do I have to kill the first hour of pride? Aren't you the one who hates first place? How can you lead a battle with such paranoid thoughts? Therefore, you are scum!"

Sein couldn't think of anything to say.

'why?'

The moment I realized there was no way to refute her, I heard the sound of the wave that Mayray had wiretapped.

'The 3 o'clock of the house. The hidden code is... ... Win all kinds of rebuttals? what's this.'

Detailed information followed.

'... ... This is because no amount of argument can break her logic. Damn, where's that dog sound?'

Sain, a logician, stepped up a little and challenged her code.

"Of the 3 people analyzed so far, the one who can have the greatest impact on the battle is 1 o'clock. Got it? I don't strategize with paranoia."

"Oh, I don't know! it's annoying! What's wrong with your face and your voice? The bottom line is, you are wrong!"

Cheats applied.

As the link of logic that makes up the world's thinking was destroyed, the dizziness became angry to a certain extent.

"Big!"

A fire boiled inside, but since the logic of reality had disappeared, there was no refutation.

'Is this a hidden code?'

The past can't be changed, the syllogism, the probability is mathematical.

'This proposition is also a human thought anyway. It's just a set of rules for the manager's convenience.'

If you watch from outside the universe, in fact, no matter how the world works, there is no problem.

"Did you suddenly close your mouth? Well, because you are full of contradictions. On the other hand, I have made my case based solely on the facts. That is why you are an idiot!"

"... ... shut up."

"shut up? hit what Hit your cheek!"

Feeling like it really should be, Sain gnashed his teeth and lowered his head in defeat.

'damn! Why can't I win?'

In the midst of everyone not opening their mouths recklessly, the three o'clock of the ego laughed cheerfully.

"Knock-knock! After all, if you don't worship Satan, your life is a failure! Long live Satan! Oh, Satan!"

Just when Sein looked up, ignoring him, the waves in his heart surged again.

'Four o'clock of indolence.'

It was an old man with grumpy cheeks, and after a while, a hidden code was revealed.

Things you don't want to happen don't happen.

'Damn it.'

A cold sweat broke out on Sein's back.

'Both Havitz and Siok avoided the law in this way. So, should I kill 4 o'clock first and kill 1 o'clock? ah

Nih, in some cases, 2 attempts... ... wait for a sec.

'But Quan hurt 1:00.'

If the extreme of asymmetry is also a cheat, it is that Siok did not respond perfectly.

"Lia Lia... ...

Sein, who was trying to give instructions by voice, realized the three o'clock of stubbornness and used <Nemesis>.

-Lilia, seize the opportunity and suddenly amplify the law of Kuan. The wider the better.

Lyria nodded, staring at the battlefield with her birch staff stuck in the ground.

Then, a plump woman with a disgruntled expression shouted.

"That woman is a traitor!"

"what?"

Everyone turned to Lyria.

"What nonsense... ...

Lyria, who had been shouting with a frown, was taken aback when she saw the eyes of her colleagues paying attention to her.

"Why, why?"

Mayray eavesdropped on the wave of the woman who had just shouted.

'Five o'clock of prejudice. The hidden code is... ... everyone trusts

'That's ridiculous.' It was such a strong code that Sain felt that even if he accused a good person of being a murderer, he would still believe it.

"wait for a sec! Why would I betray?" She knows with her head.

'Yes, there is no reason to betray. She belongs to Zion, and she is a monk who hates evil.'

However, cheats are not the logic of reality.

When the hidden code was entered in everyone's head, endless doubts were derived from the brain.

'Has your life been guaranteed? Or collude with evil to gain a higher reputation... ...

Anything can be doubted.

'Come to think of it, a month ago, Lilia left the room alone. That's right, the tone was also strange.'

In our lives, even elderly couples who have been together for the rest of their lives are separated by a minor doubt.

"no! I am not!"

It would be a tragedy that the human race has.

Hidden Code(2)

Still struggling with doubt, Eden spoke.

"I'm sorry, Lyria. I know what's going on, but honestly I can't believe you."

Even if he chewed the cud, the delusion of her treachery bloomed endlessly.

Mayray said.

"It's done."

When I tapped Lyria's mind with God's frequency, doubts disappeared from the group's heads.

Sein let out a long breath.

'If you read the other person's mind, prejudice cannot arise. Terra Force's technological prowess is amazing.'

The right to judge good and evil is not given for nothing.

'Now.'

When Quan winked at her, Lilia amplified Clown Pierrot's law to its maximum.

While even his allies couldn't find him, the target De Quan chose was the 1st hour of pride.

'I won't miss it this time.'

When I went back to the woman's back and aimed at her heart, Shiok moved in perfect order as if reacting.

'It's four o'clock of indolence.'

Doesn't something happen that you don't want to happen?

'Then let's try it.'

Because the polarity of asymmetry had been amplified, they would have the upper hand in conflicts between cheats.

Quan's sword flew towards the woman's back.

'die.'

Since no one knows that Quan is there, there will be no regrets.

"Geuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!" The 1:00 o'clock of pride, surrounded by an ominous feeling, gritted his teeth and twisted his upper body.

I just wanted to.

'There is definitely something.'

It is because the 4 o'clock of indolence will try to avoid the future that will come soon by mobilizing all possible laws.

'I have to realize.'

If you realize something, even if something terrible happens, you can change your choice with feelings of regret.

'late.'

In the moment when one second became as long as eternity, Kuan laughed in his heart.

'Even if you say it's a hidden code, the person who handles it is a human being. That's your defeat.'

Before the first hour of pride could even look away, his sword would pierce his heart.

' Uh'?'

An eerie feeling of life was felt from the side.

"It's dangerous!"

Even before Mei Lei's voice came out, Quan had already retrieved his sword and retreated.

There was a popping sound as the air exploded as a fist came into his place.

'Who is that guy?'

As if receiving a centripetal force, Quan bypassed the air and checked the identity of the fist.

A young man with horn-rimmed glasses and his hair combed in a 2-to-8 style was smiling as he loosened his posture.

"Wow, how nimble is that? The timing was right."

??????

It was what Kuan wanted to say.

'The attack a moment ago was fast enough to match mine. Did you mean that there were schema masters in prison too?'

The young man trembled.

"I must have trained really hard. How did you do that move? I want to learn too." He exclaimed exclamations, but his eyes bent like seagulls over his horn-rimmed glasses were clear mockery.

Landing on the ground, Kuan spat out.

"You know what? No, even if I tell you, even if I live my life like you, it won't be enough."

"haha! Of course it is."

The young man stuck out his long snake-like tongue and spoke with a ghastly glow in his eyes.

"Who would do such a foolish thing, you idiot?"

As Quan kept his mouth shut, the mind of the young man whom Mei Lei had eavesdropped on flowed.

'Six o'clock of wandering. The hidden code is... ... You get a result assuming you did all the actions necessary to achieve it.

'Are you kidding me?'

Everyone who heard the waves cried.

In particular, Kuan even showed disgust in his eyes, but the 6 o'clock of wandering only shrugged his shoulders.

"I am human too, but watching the world you guys live in is really funny. Because there is no comedy. He frantically tries to do anything, and sucks when he loses a competition. Ha ha ha! just... ...

When Wanderer's 6 o'clock turned around and put strength on his arm, his robe exploded with a bang.

His right forearm, as thick as a log, was exposed.

"Can we do this?"

I expected it, but when I checked it with my own eyes, Sein and the others' expressions darkened.

'There is no need to train.'

Assuming you just did it, that's it.

"It is the same with knowledge. Every day I dig, memorize, and stay up all night trying to understand."

There was no particular change from 6:00 of Wandering.

However, Sein and the others could clearly read a subtle feeling different from before in the young man's eyes.

"Um, so about 20 years?" Filled with a feeling of intelligence, he laughed wickedly.

"You can say that I studied hard."

Sein is probably not the only one who felt a fundamental displeasure about the purpose of life.

'How far are you going to ridicule me?'

To advance 0.1 second, to lift 1 kg more, to earn 1 more point.

'To dedicate one's life is to be a human being.'

Even in the feeling of being denied life, the wave of Shi-ok continued to surge.

'Negative 7 o'clock.' was a child

It was an expressionless expression that seemed depressed, and there was a maliciousness in its eyes that could not be hidden.

'Yes, what is the hidden code?' not responsible

OO

Now, Sain and the others could easily recall the exact contents of the hidden code.

'Even if I kill others by alienating them, even if I push them off a cliff, even if I discharge poisonous substances into the river!'

No one thinks it's his responsibility.

'Okay, let's see how far it goes.' While waiting for the wave of the heart to follow, a blonde woman held out her hand.

"Hidden Peace."

The scenery where Sein and the others were split apart like a puzzle, and the entire space of Mayray was dislodged.

"Give me your ears!"

Flames ignited as the blonde woman raised a finger with an evil smile.

Just as the fiery finger was about to grab Maylei's ear, Sein adjusted the space's information.

'Sun and moon halo!'

The blonde woman's hand brushed Mayray's ear, and the tangled space returned like a puzzle.

'Is this an out-of-pocket meal?'

It was an ability I had read about in the numerous reports coming into the temple.

'Mortasinger's ability.'

Ranked 10th in the Order of the Ten Commandments.

According to Shirone, she fell for Satan's temptation and was taken to Hell.

"Are you Mortashinger?"

The blonde woman covered her mouth and laughed.

"Ho-ho-ho! It's unpleasant. How can you mistake a child who is only manure for me?"

"manure?"

Si-ok had no secrets because he knew that he was reading minds anyway.

"I need materials to activate the hidden code. It's an extreme emotion. I say it's an interesting part, but extreme emotions are at a level that you can't feel in real life. If there are 100 human beings, maybe 0.1 of them will experience it once in their lifetime?"

I seemed to know roughly what it was.

"But it is not uncommon in the underworld. Mortasinger is still screaming in hell. If this is the case, I'd rather beg for purification. Crunchy! But purification is another word for suffering. What could that mean? Don't you want me to torment you more?"

The waves of the mind about the blonde woman were collected.

'Eight o'clock of jealousy. Hidden code can have what it can't have... ... Right.'

Money, a lover, or a position can be taken away.

'On the other hand, things like talent, looks, and happiness are inalienable qualities. But eight o'clock of jealousy is possible.'

condition is destroyed.

If you get jealous of someone's face, you can pour hydrochloric acid on that person's face.

'So Mayray's ears... ... Whether or not they knew what the party was thinking, the Jealous 8 o'clock was busy talking about itself.

"Ah, and thank you for sending a child named Jin Seong-eum. The psychic realm has been closed, but the hidden code has been strengthened. He gets into a lot of accidents, so our demons love him very much. There will probably be no shortage of materials for the time being."

"Ingredients."

Sein suddenly had a question.

"I said you need extreme emotions to activate the hidden code. Then why is Kuan... ...

Sein looked back at Quan and stopped talking.

"ah."

I saw Quan's one arm standing with a calm expression, and the other sleeve fluttering in the wind.

'The pole of asymmetry. The code obtained by removing one arm while the ankle ligament was severed... ...

Quan's own emotions were used as material.

'I get it roughly. How Extreme Emotions Affect Hidden Codes

Aren't there living proofs in front of you?

As Shi-ok took a step, Se-in stepped back the same distance and gave instructions.

"Keep your distance."

"Ho Ho. what's the matter? Can you read our minds? What battle could be more advantageous than this?"

Sein felt humiliated.

'I thought so at first.'

The problem is that Siok's hidden code is not a property that can be prevented just by knowing it.

'Nine o'clock in delusion is also tricky.'

Hearing the wave of his heart, Sein's eyes turned to the old bachelor with a naive impression.

'Imagination becomes reality. It's a terrible hidden code. It's like the finished version of <Nemesis>.'

Nine o'clock of delusion pointed to Sein's ring.

"It smells familiar. Could it be <Four Messis>?"

Sein's hypothesis was correct.

'It's like this after all.'

Just as humans dream, the emotions of the demons also flow into Drimo and float.

'Sometimes I even look at it.'

If you've ever seen something when you've been pressed against it, it's temporarily opened the foil.

'Then being stolen by a spirit wizard and escaping into the human world.' There are numerous objects, but most of the objects that made human life terrifying would be on the other side of the world.

"three."

Sein's eyes widened as he turned his head.

"maze?"

As the scenery changed in an instant, the scene of Alpheas Magic School of long ago unfolded.

"Why are you standing there blankly? You said you would help me with my research today. Did you forget?"

"ah??????

Sein couldn't come to the idea that the 9 o'clock delusion had triggered the hidden code.

Imagination becomes reality.

"Oh sorry. Thinking of something else."

There are still memories of Si-ok, but the cheat reverses the sense of reality and imagination.

"Damn it! I didn't even say I would help!"

Gaold from his youthful days was following with three boxes of papers.

'Gaold...

On the day of the 20 judges, the only man who risked his life to save the maze.

'Yes it was.'

All the memories are clear and I know why, but there is no sense of incongruity.

Here is the reality.

"It's a maze."

In the contradiction of living in reality while knowing the future, Sein was seized by a strong urge.

"yes?"

Likes.

I wanted to be honest with her about my feelings, even just once.

Just like Gaold did in Superheat Hell.

"what? Why didn't you call me and tell me?"

It wasn't for lack of courage.

I just wanted to know that there is no man in the world who can occupy the maze.

'But I was wrong.'

The beginning of everything... ... .

Time passed quickly and the scene from the Day of Judgment of the Twenty unfolded.

I saw a labyrinth walking toward Estas.

'Autumn will come.'

The voice that shouted maze until she was cursed with self-reciprocal mutation had caused a small crack in her perfectly intact mind.

'All my life, no, I regret it even now. Why couldn't I have been more courageous like Gauld?'

As Miro passed by, tears welled up on one side of the Iron Wheel, which was not there at the time.

Farewell, Miro.

That was the only word I chose for my last greeting.

'damn!'

The voice of the 1 o'clock of pride planted a code in the unconscious, not the consciousness of the public.

-Choose. the future can be changed

'It's a maze.'

-Gaold will come. Before that, you guard the maze. Shout out to the world! Miro is my girl!

'It's a maze!'

- Let's omit the whole process. Do you honestly know If you choose here, Miro becomes your woman.

"It's a maze!"

Sein's face turned pale at Gaold's voice from afar.

'We must do it now! you can change it! You won't regret it! I've lived my whole life, my whole life!'

However, Sein's reason was blocking the voice without even knowing why.

'Huh!'

The cogs in both pupils moved frantically between 1 degree as if they were caught on something.

'no! It shouldn't be like this!'

Five o'clock of prejudice put a hidden code on Sain.

-Actually, Miro likes you too. A lot of that too.

"Aaaaaaa!"

As his eyes burned as if they were on fire from the clash between reason and emotion, Sein screamed.

-She still only thinks of you?

"please! My... ... !"

At the time Sein shouted, something in my head felt disconnected, and a huge crack went through the scenery.

"what... ... !"

As the positions of imagination and reality were reversed, a terrifying shudder ran down Sain's spine.

"damn! You stupid child!"

In the middle of everyone who escaped from the 9:00 of delusion looking around with eyes like three people.

"Quan?... "

Only Quan was on one knee, gasping for breath as he swung his sword.

Hidden Code(3)

Shirone was quick to accept the record of the guffin talking to the lotus for 40,000 years.

The closer the end of the omega got, the more nervous they were, but there was no way to build a battery faster than that.

'Because it's all the history of the universe.'

The attention is on the guffin, but the data that actually comes in is all the events that happened in the world.

Even the log that the 3,241st rabbit on a remote planet mated with the 8,790th rabbit and gave birth to the 17,653rd rabbit is being delivered.

"decided."

In the place where Shirone's consciousness was concentrated, Guffin's voice was transmitted to the 11th sense.

His appearance has not changed since he first came, and the lotus flowers that have become his home have not withered.

"I must leave."

'So suddenly? Where are you going?'

Guffin stroked the lotus flower.

"Thank you for listening to my long, boring story. I'm sorry... ...

'It's a story about humans. Humans are amazing. It's amazing. In fact... ... I want to be human too.'

"I lost my wife and children."

Guffin looked up at the sky.

"I wondered what it meant to be a god. Let's live forever, if we lose someone else. You may not be able to bear it then."

'You worked hard. I know.'

"I would rather have nothing from the beginning. If this world itself had not existed... ...

For an instant, emptiness filled Guffin's eyes.

all.

But for a moment, the emptiness looked down at the lotus flower with eyes full of affection.

"Still, I tried to go out into the world."

' why?'

Guffin didn't hear the lotus' voice, but as it happened, he answered.

"Because it continues. Because we have to go on endlessly."

After rising from a lotus flower, the guffin jumped over a wide lake and landed on land in a month.

"Looks like I told you too much. It must have been that painful."

I couldn't communicate with the lotus flower, but I didn't think that there would be no change in the plant that endured for 40,000 years.

"If you are listening to me now, and if you understand, then it must mean that I have a heart for you too."

After thinking for a moment, Guffin added.

"It means connected to the outside world."

'outside'?'

Guffin smiled bitterly.

"Actually, I don't know. Maybe this world should stop shutting down."

A world full of countless pains.

"But if you still want to continue... ...

Giving thanks for preserving our friendship of 40,000 years, Guffin bowed his head.

"Help the human."

human.

An existence that can lean in either direction, good or evil, ball or love.

Lotus pondered.

And the moment the guffin turned and walked away, golden smoke rose from the petals and took the form of a human. The girl, who gave off a fresh floral scent, slowly lowered her head in the way of a guffin.

'Goodbye.'

Leaving behind the birth of the Hwajok like that, Guffin calmly walked through the remote forest.

'How much time has passed?'

I haven't counted the exact date, but I can feel that about 40,000 years have passed.

A long time for humans.

However, to Guffin, who has lived for an eternity, it was only enough for humans to make time for lunch.

"Forty thousand years. Could it have changed a bit?" There were primitive tribes when they first came to this planet, but they probably didn't last long anyway.

The ability to maintain a species is determined by the superiority and inferiority of the system, and to build a system that responds to numerous variables, a price must be paid accordingly.

The price of the experience of failure.

'Maybe humans may have disappeared.'

Either unimaginable monsters are ruling the world, or maybe there are none.

'If that happens, I'll be alone again.'

Contrary to his desperate thoughts, Guffin's steps gradually accelerated as he found the exit.

'Let's not expect it. I might get excited and cry.'

The moment he climbs the uphill road to the end of the forest, trying to calm his mind, the world unfolds in front of Guffin's eyes... ... .

" haha??????

Brilliant golden light reflected in the sun.

'of course.'

With the towering castle at the center, human civilization was stretching to the end of the horizon.

9 o'clock delusion. Having escaped from the ability to turn imagination into reality, the group stared at Quan.

'Could it be that the space was cut?'

I'd never heard of someone using such swordsmanship.

'<Nemesis>.'

Sein saw the ring on his middle finger.

'Did he cut the delusion with his own imagination?'

If so, it was natural that everyone who wore <Nemesis> was released from the hidden code.

'I understand this far, but... ... How could that be?

The delusion Sein experienced was not at a level that he could endure even though he had the Iron Wheel.

'Quan has Shiina in his heart. It's not like before, but Armin's heart is also......

Sein looked away.

As expected, Armin bit his lip and had a grievous expression on his face.

'The most regrettable event in life.' What was it?

'Was it the moment when I lost both eyes? Or that she couldn't throw her heart at Shiina first?'

Armin murmured in a low voice.

"... ... I'm sorry."

With that, Sein thought it would be the latter.

No, maybe the two things weren't unrelated.

If he hadn't lost his eyesight as a child, he wouldn't have left Shiina.

So that means sorry.

'... ... It must be that he was happy in that delusion.'

who can blame him?

'Only Kuan is qualified.'

But when he looked away, Quan was not in a state where he could hear Armin's small voice.

"Huh! Huh!"

Quan wasn't weak enough to let out a quick breath with just one swing of the sword.

'What kind of delusion was it?'

Si-ok's code interfering with the unconscious must have led Kuan to the happiest event.

'Perhaps he was uninjured. And meet her most beloved her... ...

Sein stopped thinking.

'I see.'

Only Kuan realized why he was able to get out of the 9 o'clock delusion.

'The happy reality is rather unhappiness to him.'

such a contradiction.

Kuan destroyed his body to protect Shiina.

Because she loved that much, from Kuan's point of view, Shiina couldn't love someone like herself.

"Bastard."

Quan, who slowly got up, glared at the delusional 9 o'clock.

"You shouldn't have touched her."

A contradiction in which the happiest ending for Kuan becomes a terrible tragedy for Shiina.

In the end, the eyes of Kuan, who experienced the worst ending where she laughed happily with him, were like ghosts.

The delusional 9 o'clock, who was in a displeased state because the code was broken, relaxed his expression and smiled.

"haha! she? I don't even know who I am. All delusions are made by you, not by me."

Even if you are in prison, you cannot read the waves of your heart.

'That's why Satan covets that woman's power.'

God's frequency.

"Don't think of dying gracefully."

Quan invoked an asymmetrical extreme and disappeared from everyone's awareness, but the four o'clock of sloth was also able to make specific conditions for what he did not want to happen.

The situation where Kuan's gale-like slash continued to brush past Shiok's side was repeated.

"Things like rats... ... !"

At that time, a skinny girl with dark circles cursed Kuan.

"Unlucky child! Be miserable for the rest of your life!" It was 10 o'clock in revenge.

'What is the hidden code?'

Unpleasant things happen.

The spittle that someone in the prison had spat out hit Quan's strangely moving eyes.

"Keugh!"

'You're making me unhappy somehow. Surely this is a cheat, but spitting is... ...

The process of occurrence of unhappiness follows the law.

'It's not particularly threatening. But when delusional, other times supported 9 o'clock.'

That hidden codes can be combined.

'The 2 o'clock of disobedience wins in all kinds of odds. If combined with this... ...

A terrible misfortune could have happened.

"Lilia! Support Kuan!"

He didn't answer, but Lilia was already supporting with all her might.

'no. The upper limit of the law was exposed.' Don't give more than what you've already experienced

If not, you can't counter the 4 o'clock cheat of sloth.

The pot-bellied man with a warm eye smile shouted.

"Chuck! It's over!"

Peak 11 o'clock.

"At this point, I propose. If only one person remains, I will guarantee the lives of others."

What they wanted was Mayray.

" only."

The climax of 11 o'clock flicked my tongue.

"The remaining ones will have to play with me."

Sein waited for the wave of his heart.

'Hidden code.'

There is no limit to the pursuit of desire.

You can sleep or not sleep, eat 3,000 heads of cows and not be full, and be engrossed in sexual pleasure for the rest of your life, but your energy will not be exhausted.

'What the hell are these... ...

He had no intention of accepting Si-ok's deal, but his hair stood on end when he heard the hidden code.

Mayray delivered the last wave.

'The 12 o'clock of nothingness.'

It was a middle-aged man with deep wrinkles and stubbornly tight-lipped mouth.

'What is the hidden code?' Resets all phenomena created by Siok.

'It's not liberation.'

If you get tired of endlessly harassing them, reset them and enjoy them again from the beginning.

'... ... Now I understand.'

Sein, who identified the hidden code of Siok, was convinced.

'Unlawful time 0.666 seconds. In other words, the absurd phenomenon in which the incident itself disappears O...'

All 12 cheats are combined and implemented.

'It's not going to change even if I know.' One thing was clear.

'Habits.'

Where Sein turned his gaze, Habitz was sniffing with his pupils wide open.

"I want to cut off my finger. I want to eat the small intestine. I want to hear the screams. I want to lick your eyeballs."

'It was like that.'

There was disgust in Sein's eyes.

'Twelve cheats. Those who live in the world with such authority, their brains, their minds... ...

It can't be normal.

Harvits said.

"Shall we try it? Fingers first." With Havitz invoking Vanishing, the battle finally reached its climax.

While Sane, Armin, and Mayray responded to Harvitz's ability, Eden opened a barrier.

'I will definitely endure.'

As Lilia amplified the law, Quan moved in an extraordinary movement.

The five o'clock of prejudice shouted.

"Don't trust that prosecutor! It's a sneaky pervert who steals women's underwear! He would have stolen your underwear too!"

Eden shook his head.

"Stop talking nonsense! Quan is not that kind of person!"

The 3 o'clock of the house refuted.

"Look at that guy's face! And look at your body condition! The bottom line is, that guy is a pervert!"

Lyria desperately held on, but her head was already filled with huge doubts.

'So then my underwear... ...

Mei Lei gave up the pursuit of Havitsu and conveyed Kuan's feelings to everyone.

"Ugh!"

When the truth was revealed, the party's faces turned red, but they couldn't afford to worry.

'no. Can not be done.' Quan's anger was on the verge of exploding, but the more he did, the colder his head was.

'I can't pierce the hell with my movements.'

It is still possible to grasp Havitz's actions with God's frequency, but on the contrary, there was a serious drawback.

'If Havitz explodes the evil heart again... ...

Eden will not stand.

If the shield disappears, those who remain will be sacrificed to Shi Jade.

In the end, Harvits achieves what he wants.

Mayray knew.

-Mr. Kuan, a certain section of the wave is intensifying. How about stepping back?

-no. I will. Don't drop her ears from Habits. One chance??... .

At that moment, an intense evil dwelled in the heart of Havitz, who was blocked by the barrier of Eden and was irritated.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

As Eden's throat spontaneously screamed, the Absolute Barrier disappeared.

'Now!'

Kuan moved.

Havitz's heart was terrible, but it was enough to endure because of his hatred for Eden.

'kill!'

Kuan's body quickly rushed behind Havitsu, who raised his sword at Eden.

"It doesn't work!"

At the same time as Sloth's 4 o'clock activated the hidden code, Quan raised the sword in his left hand.

'It transcends.'

And as soon as he pointed the blade at himself, it deeply stabbed him in his right eye.

Clown Pierrot - super-excited.

With Kuan at the center, one side of the world rose significantly, and Siok and Havitz's awareness drifted downhill.

'I missed it.'

Shiok's heart sank.

The moment I saw Havitz's face as he swung his sword at Eden without knowing anything.

"It is Satan!"

Shiok screamed as if his throat would be torn.

All the laws are swept away by a huge tilt, and behind the back of Havitz, who is smiling wickedly... ... .

"die."

Quan's sword drew a horizontal line of flash.

"ah... ...

Dozens of gazes swaying in shock followed Habitz's neck, which separated from his body and soared into the air.

Hidden Code(4)

The war between the allied forces and the demons in the flower field was like a bingo game that erased lives.

Both flashy movements and powerful magic produced results based on the concept of simple compounding.

'There is no end! I'm not exaggerating!'

No matter how many times they were killed, the demons were still there, and the allied forces felt defeat.

"Haha! I'll wrap you around the intestines!" The moment the demon with horns on the temple tried to insert a spear into the soldier's abdomen.

"Ouch!"

The atmosphere created a roar, and the demon's back broke as if torn apart.

"Oops, sorry."

Natasha, who appeared with an afterimage, grabbed the demon's spine and stuck out her tongue.

"Why. why... ...

The demon whose upper body fell to the floor raised her head and expressed doubt, but Natasha looked away.

'Where did you hide?'

In high-speed battles that lacked the name of high-speed, it was common to misunderstand the target.

It meant that she was concentrating that much, and her consciousness was all focused on Lian's position.

"Yaaaaa!"

Lian's spirits exploded, and as the scenery rippled, demons in a radius of tens of meters were cut.

Above the waist, with a clear view, Lian was seen revealing the yaksha's body.

"There he is."

The moment she finished speaking, Natasha and her incarnation disappeared from space at the same time.

Lian's eyes widened.

'The seesaw of time.'

A phenomenon called a kaleidoscope in humans separates the time of the senses from the time of the brain.

The body is still in reality, but a lot of signals are crossing over in the brain.

'Usually die. If you feel this, you die.'

It is close to impossible to escape a crisis on your own, except in cases where you live because you are lucky.

'But I... ...

As the divine transcendence denage was activated, Lian's body broke the limit and began to move.

'It's Ogent Lian!'

The moment she raised the sword to her chest, Natasha's fist struck her broadside.

"Keugh!"

Through repeated learning, Lian pushed the straight sword forward before being pierced by the shock wave.

The power to the point of overloading both shoulders would lie in supersonic speed rather than physical strength.

'We'll fight back here!'

Lian, who overcame the inertia and stopped in the air, stepped out with one foot and struck a straight line.

swung

Natasha, who bent her knees instead of her upper body, stood up and shook her upper body as if she were sleeping.

'Great flexibility.'

Even in the kaleidoscope, her upper body could be seen overlapped in two, and her fists spread like shotguns.

'Avoid.'

The moment Lian, who hastily turned around, draws in the great sword and tries to cut her.

"Ouch!"

The sound of bones snapping was heard as a blunt impact came from the side of the side that could not be looked at.

"Great!"

Lian tried to overcome the inertia even as he was pushed aside, but his legs were weak.

' how??????

Where did you get hit?

Lian, who stopped with her back bent, looked around to see Natasha approaching before she knew it.

'This woman fights really well.'

Rather than being strong as a human being ? of course he is strong ? it was closer to the feeling that he was extremely good at something.

'The genius of battle.'

There is a reason why it is called Gustav 4th Art.

"Hmm."

Natasha, who leaned on her chin and looked over Lian's condition, said with a slight frown.

"I've felt it before, but... ...

Lian, who was indifferent to the evaluation of others, also swallowed saliva this time and waited for the next words.

"Are you really not talented?"

There was still no change in his expression, but something heavy fell on Lian's heart.

"Why do you use so much force? You have to move by calculating time and space. Rhythm is messed up, no creativity. Fighting with you is really no fun."

"We don't fight for fun."

Natasha meekly agreed.

"Of course it is. But that's the important part. Do you want to do something boring for the rest of your life?"

Lian was silent again.

"You are a strong person... ... I can't seem to find any other advantages besides that."

Lian is strong.

However, he was also the person who was the farthest from being extremely good at something.

"So it is unfortunate. Would you like to learn how to fight from me? A few corrections would be fine."

"shut up."

Lian's ribs snapped back together.

"I don't discriminate against people when it comes to learning, but you are an exception. There is nothing to learn from the villains of the world."

"So if I'm not a villain, will I learn?"

A moment of silence passed.

"What do you mean?"

"You say you don't want to learn from the villain? So while you learn, I'll be on the side of humans. you have good physical abilities It's because it's a waste to leave it like this."

Natasha was still an incomprehensible woman, but there was something defining her.

"Right."

Lian laughed bitterly.

"There are no downsides to you."

It was the most perfect talent among the many geniuses that Lian had met so far.

"I'll take my heart. Even though he's an enemy, I know he's sincere. but you can't teach me If it could be fixed, it would have been fixed right away."

"Then I will help you."

"To someone, to you, a genius, what I don't have is just a shortcoming. Just like finding the right parts and putting them together solves the problem."

"Then isn't it?"

"You don't know."

Natasha was silent this time.

"How many times have I swung my sword to overcome that one shortcoming. what have you tried How long have you resented and cursed me?"

"That's why you say you're sorry."

"Have you ever thought about it? It's not a shortcoming, but what kind of effort a human with that shortcoming would have made."

"A genius dancer has been born in the Gustav Empire!"

Natasha rose to prominence in the dance world when she was only seven years old.

Her dance was a perfect art even in front of a powerful person who was said to be the descendant of the empire.

"Awesome. That child is not even nervous."

There was no need to be nervous.

' rotation.'

Her center of gravity is exactly in the direction of gravity as she lifts both hands above her head and rotates on the tip of one foot.

' jump.'

Natasha's body, which jumped high with elasticity unlike that of a child, drew a beautiful line.

"Oh oh!"

It felt like I could even see the spectators raise their eyes wide.

'fun.'

being good at something

'I want to do better. Then I'll cry more.'

The angle at which ten fingers move, the bending of the knee, the position of the tip of the chin, the degree of gravity, the distance from the ground, the air resistance, the line of sight, the expression of the facial muscles, etc.

'I can feel everything.'

Rather than checking and adjusting each one, it feels like the entire body has become the brain.

During the time in the air, countless thoughts pass by.

'As soon as I landed... ...

As the music accelerated, Natasha's feet began to cross quickly.

While the music played in her brain, her body continued to cut one beat after another.

rhythm.

A measure of how many events can be contained in one time.

"Genius! Needless to say, he is a genius!"

Beside her was Daphne, her classmate, but only Natasha could be seen in the eyes of the officials.

Even the leader of the dance troupe was the same.

'Burning. It is at least one thousandth of a night.'

When a certain rhythm is broken by a beat, someone beats 0.1 beats slower than that beat.

If it is called 1/10th of a night, the experienced person can feel it up to 1/100th of a night.

However, the delay of 1/1000 of a night at the anchorage is beyond human perception.

The feeling itself is a state where you feel goosebumps from the sense of incongruity that surges through you.

"Brafe!"

Applause broke out as the Gustav language, which means awesome, poured out.

Natasha suddenly became a star, but the only thought in her mind was that she wanted to be a good dancer.

"Daphne."

Natasha called from the practice room.

"yes?"

Although they were close mates, Daphne found it difficult for Natasha to receive the world's attention.

"It's a bit off center,"

"uh? I? I can't tell when I look in the mirror."

"About two degrees. Muscular strength is weak at our age, so it's more important than anything else to keep your balance. As you rotate, do not keep your awareness on the center of your head, but imagine a circular band."

"A round strip?"

"Centrifugal and centripetal forces. Instead of concentrating the power, imagine that the power gathers itself."

"Aha??????

Realizing something, Daphne bounced on her bent knees and spun on her toes.

"done!"

Daphne, startled by herself, put on a dazed expression for a moment, then took Natasha's hand.

"Thank you, Natasha. I thought you became famous and didn't care about me."

"What are you talking about? I want everyone to know the joy of dancing. Let's work hard and stand on the same stage."

"yes."

Tears welled up in Daphne's eyes.

As time went by, Natasha and Daphne also reached adulthood.

Daphne worked hard, but in the end, Gustaf, no, the best dancer in the world was Natasha.

"Daphne, don't listen to the music, have the feeling that you are playing music in your head. And then push it a little. Fingertips like this... ...

Even the shape of Natasha's hands was amazing.

"awesome."

Although she couldn't confirm with her eyes what was different from others, Daphne definitely felt it.

'A tenth of a degree. No, it's a 1/100 difference.'

Daphne struggled to smile.

"Yes, I will try."

"yes. go for it!"

Looking at Natasha, who returned to her seat and started practicing again, Daphne's feelings became complicated.

'I don't rest.'

Like other people her age, going to cafes and meeting men were out of her interest.

only dance

When she was dancing, Natasha always had the happiest face in the world.

Daphne, who had been lowering her head for a moment, passed behind Natasha with her bag.

"I'll go in first. I am not feeling well."

"yes? suddenly? What's not good?" Daphne's eyes filled with despair as she opened the door to the practice room without even replying.

One day after so many years.

Natasha is dragged by a stranger and suffers an accident in which her spine is broken.

It was the retirement of a genius dancer.

Natasha, who had escaped from her flashback, opened her mouth.

"I never thought about it. But if you really hated me for that reason... ...

Natasha's cheeks swelled.

"That's a bit unfair."

"I don't know what you've been through. but you know this It's that shortcoming for you, but for them, it's the years they had to live with in their hearts for the rest of their lives. Unless you understand this... ...

Lian aimed the great straight sword.

"Your favor will never be delivered."

Strangely, Lian's words stung Natasha more painfully than the words that he would kill you.

"... ... I didn't work hard."

For the first time, coldness appeared in her eyes, which were always bright like cats.

"You didn't work as hard as I did."

"I guess so. I don't know who you're talking about, but it won't be you anyway."

The arm of the god of death controlling Natasha moved.

"You took away the most precious thing." Of course, Natasha didn't even know if it was Daphne who hired the thug to lynch her.

Rather than consuming emotions on things that cannot be undone, it was the tendency to become the best in what one could do.

Such an extreme tendency itself is genius, but... ... .

'I want to dance.'

Now, the days when you were happy just by giving your body to music will never come back.

"kill. That's my job."

Shinigami's Dance - Variational Time Concerto.

The moment Natasha moved in the seesaw of time, a shudder ran down Lian's spine.

' what?'

It was one thousandth of a night.

All History (1)

'It's over there.'

Tess ran in the huge shadow created by the flower petals.

Even while they were running 300 meters fast, the flowers around them were caught in the flash and burned.

It was easy to find the ancient weapon stolen by the enemy.

A group of troops that looked like elite demons were guarding Tess' side.

The boundaries were not as strict as expected.

'My father's enemy.'

If it was a demon, it would tremble, but the more time was delayed, the greater the damage to the flower would be.

When Tess stamped her feet to generate external gravity, her body bounced and floated.

When the demons turned their heads, they were already clinging to the pillar of the flower.

Tess ran vertically along the pole.

Around the time even the sound of the battlefield faded away, a dark group flew in from across the sky.

"Kaaa! Kaaa!" It was a human bird with black feathers.

'This is the limit.'

Realizing that, Tess found the nearest doorway and infiltrated the flower.

Even inside, the demons were on guard, but it wasn't to the extent that they couldn't avoid their eyes.

Let's deal with some demons silently and go up while hiding the corpses... ... .

"Hey! What!"

Following the old man's voice, a woman's shrieking voice could be heard.

"please forgive me! please!"

It was the control room.

She moved, hanging from the ceiling like a spider, and sneaked up from the top of the threshold.

"Puhahaha! is this really fun? Are you doing everything you are told to do?"

Veins stood up in Tess' eyes.

Gustav 4 arts Sumodo and Jetaro.

Sumodo, who was harassing the fire tribe, was a terrible pervert, and Zeta, who was watching the battlefield, didn't even care.

"Sumodo, don't be too upset. Your attacks keep missing."

Due to the nature of the Hwajok, who felt the most secure when following instructions, threats or torture would not have been necessary.

'I'm enjoying it.'

Tess also learned numerous methods of torture while undergoing espionage training, but the way they did it was not to get anything out of it.

The Hwajok begged.

"Please kill me. please......

"Puhahaha! Jetaro, did you hear? Does this woman still think she is alive? You mean, can I show you a mirror in what condition you are in?"

"Smodo, stop the operation... ...

Zeta Law's eyes widened as she sighed and turned her head.

"Harm!"

" yes?"

The moment Sumodo looked back at the entrance, Tess kicked him in the jaw.

"Kuk!"

Several teeth bounced off the ceiling, and Sumodo's body flipped over.

"You bastards!"

Putting aside her rising anger for a while, Tess looked at the fire tribe.

"it's okay? Hey!"

As if he had already lost consciousness, his eyes were turned upside down, and his head bent to the side.

'It's dead.'

Zetaro, who raised Sumodo, clicked his tongue.

"Sorry. What happened to the young wife

go... ... . Rest in peace for the deceased."

Tess' mind pinged.

"... ... Are you kidding?"

Zetaro was calm even though he felt the tremendous amount of life on his skin.

"Is this all a joke to you guys?" "you."

Sumodo, who had lost his teeth, spat out while wiping blood.

"You're in good shape."

Tess gasped in annoyance.

"You are in the top 1.78 percent of the women I have ever seen. Assuming her weight... ...

Tess's fist turned Sumodo's jaw before he could finish his sentence.

Seeing him collapsed on the floor, Zetaro frowned.

"Anyway, buying the right thing and doing it... Kuk!"

Tess, who immediately grabbed Zetaro by the hair, frantically stamped her face against the wall of the control room.

Without even bumping into it a few times, Zetaro's face was covered in blood.

"Bad babies! Pure bad boys!" When Zetaro's body stopped responding, Tess slammed her light body onto the floor.

Zetaro collapsed like a corpse with a thud, and Sumodo crawled across the floor with chapped lips.

"Ah, what kind of woman's fists are so hot? Aaaaaa!"

Raising her saber, Tess stabbed him in the calf.

"Are you sick?"

With her calf pierced and the saber driven deep into the floor, she approached Sumodo's face.

"it hurts? just this hurts? Is that why you scream?"

"Ahhhh"

Even the sight of him trembling with both hands was disgusting.

Tess grabbed his index finger and squeezed it.

"You suffer the same."

In that state, when I bent the middle of my finger, it bent at a right angle.

"Aww! it hurts! It hurts!"

"Yes, that is pain."

Tess broke another finger.

"oh my! Oops, I'm dying! This is elder abuse!"

"shut up."

When the six swords on both sides were broken, Sumodo, who had lost the strength to resist, buried his face on the ground and sobbed.

"it hurts. It hurts so much. please forgive me."

"Forgiveness? So, did you show mercy to that woman?"

"Because I was wrong... ...

Tess felt like her heart was about to burst, but she couldn't even name the feeling.

"How do you feel about yourself? Are you having fun? Is this fun? Was it that much fun to mutilate, inflict pain, and hear screams, you bastard!"

A moment of silence passed.

"?????Three-class."

"what?"

The face of Sumodo raised his head was annoyed.

"Doing it for fun is third-rate, you half-lady."

Tess' eyes gave her goosebumps as she couldn't read the emotion of repentance.

"You guys... ... What the hell is it? If it's not even fun, why are you doing this?

are you?"

Sumodo laughed, showing his teeth.

"Because I can do that." freedom.

"Sumodo, are you in the room?"

My mother always burned her throat whenever she entered Sumodo's room.

twelve-year-old son.

It's not really an accident, but the accident may already have occurred in the mind.

"yes I have it. I won't go out."

"It's not because of that." Like normal parents, Sumodo's mother lied and opened the door.

Just looking at the vertical lines densely drawn on the white wall made my head dizzy.

Objects positioned exactly at those coordinates also broke her heart.

"Relatives have come to visit."

Sumodo had severe obsessive-compulsive disorder.

Since infancy, only the same baby bottle had to be used, the length of a pencil was fixed per day, and there was a mess on the day when books were not placed in order on the bookshelf.

"I tell you to have fun. I will be here."

'The hair is really extraordinary.'

For that reason alone, Sumodo is still a child to be protected.

"Sigh. Sumo, how long are you going to stay like this? I know you're obsessive. But let's get over it. You will become a great person in the future. You hardly ever go to school, but you always rank first in exams."

Sumodo didn't answer, but seemed conflicted.

"Come on, let's go. Let's just say hello to our relatives and come back."

"Are you promising?"

Mother was in a blaze of color.

"Then, just say hi. yes?" Gently pulling his son's wrist, Sumodo pretended to win.

On the first floor, my father was chatting with relatives.

"uh? Sumo is also my brother!"

I also saw children of the same age playing hide and seek.

But to Sumodo, it's just space and things that move that space.

As Sumodo came down the stairs, he saw the salt spilled on the snack table.

It seemed that the children had overturned the salt shaker while playing tag.

Sumo Do, who was staring at the table, turned his head at the sound of his aunt calling.

"It's been a while, Sumodo. Remember Auntie'?"

"Yes."

Sumodo does not forget the shape of objects.

"Except for the wrinkle around the left eye."

The list is endless, but I persevered.

"Ho-ho-ho! you are really funny I heard that you study so well?"

Mother hinted.

"Yes. I won first place again."

"Oh my, the school Sumodo goes to is the old staff public school, isn't it? I heard it's a place where only geniuses gather."

"Because I am still young. Even so, I want you to become a great person in the empire, but... ...

While listening to the adults' conversation, Sumo Do's gaze continued to move to the table.

"ha ha ha! run away! Run away!"

The floor thumped as the children ran.

"Kyaaak! Caught!"

The salt splashed all over.

"When I entered Gustav Public, the sound disappeared and all my mind was focused on the salt.

I felt like going crazy.

That time when your heart beats like it's going to explode and the nerves in your body are on edge.

thud.

The child hit the table with his foot and walked past.

"Aaaaaaa!"

When the adults turned their heads to Sumodo's screams, he was already running and pushing the child away.

"Sumodo!"

The fallen child cried and the mother shouted, but Sumodo was intent on knelt in front of the table and rummaging through the salt.

"damn! It's all mixed up!" At the absurd sight, the thought of pushing the child disappeared.

"Sumo, what are you doing now?"

"The salt is all mixed. I have to put it where it was before. It was here, and this particle is, yes, here!"

"Salt... ...

the mother asked.

"What?"

Even the weak life was buried in the voice.

"damn! I have to build up here. I need a set of tweezers."

I know there are compulsions.

However, the sight of his son rummaging through the salt was not an obsession by the standards of ordinary people.

'My son is not crazy.' said her mother weeping.

"Sumodo, that's just salt. The salt is spilled."

"It is not so. The size, shape, color, and all the particles are different."

As soon as he finished speaking, his mother came over and turned Sumodo's shoulder.

And with all his might, he slapped his son on the cheek.

"why are you like this? What are you complaining about!" It didn't matter what relatives saw.

"you're stupid? Are you sick? Why the hell do you live like this! Why are you living like this!"

Sumodo moved as her mother waved.

Even when he was slapped on the cheek or shouted at, he did not resent it.

It was a minor problem for him, who had lived his entire life under compulsion.

' I??????

It is an essential question in the child's head.

'What kind of world are we living in?'

Whether this was an error, a blessing or a curse, I felt like I was trapped in the framework of this world.

Tess asked.

"Because I can... ... Do you?" "yes. that's free Didn't you just break my finger too? Because I can."

"You say that now... ...

Smodo shouted, breaking his own fingers.

"You can do this!"

Tess frowned.

"what's the problem? If this is wrong, then the world shouldn't be like this in the first place! Ask the guy who made it! I'm doing it because I can, but why are you fucking fucking me!"

Sumodo, who was lying on the floor with a broken finger, screamed and stood up.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The calf muscle stuck in the saber was torn, but he stood up with a limp and pulled back his jacket.

The bottoms were no longer worn.





"Freedom! "


Tess' face turned pale as Sumodo's bony body was revealed.

The whole body was covered with piercings, and the skin was bluish like a corpse due to necrosis.

"Free theaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! free the air

mom!"

What did you expect?

Tess despaired that no matter how much she retaliated, this frustration would not go away.

"Ha ha ha! I am free!"

Every time he tore off the piercing with his healthy little finger, blood flowed out.

"die."

Even if he had no resentment towards sumodo, it was a sight he wanted to rid the world of.

At that time, the wall of the control room was ripped off.

"Why are you so late?"

The demons, including the brigade commander, came in to check the fighting situation.

'This?'

After checking the status of Zetaro and Sumodo, the brigade commander noticed that there were no guards.

'These... ...

Even though Satan had nested in Havitz, the demons essentially hated humans.

In particular, now that the military authority had passed from Balkan to Paimon, the demons couldn't care for the safety of the two.

'Sheesh, but they're the ones Satan cares about.'

Thinking that it would be difficult if they died, the brigade commander placed Zetaro and Sumodo on both sides.

Sumodo lost consciousness.

"Return to base! Get those with regenerative abilities on standby!"

"stop!"

Tess pulled out the saber stuck in the floor and ran, but the brigade commander had already gone out of the way.

"damn!"

Anyway, since Sumodo was injured, it would be difficult to capture the flower for the time being.

But I didn't feel good.

'I'm not human.'

The images of Sumodo and Zetaro caught in the demon's arms seemed like monsters to her.

All Stations£ý(2)

MMM

=5ß²=¡º? =??

The sound of ribs breaking is heard rhythmically.

If it wasn't for his own bones, Lian would have been cheerful.

'It's unpredictable.'

Natasha moves with her unique rhythm

kept digging into Lian's blind spot.

Temporal Concerto.

It was a fast-tempo dance song composed by Rastani, characterized by sudden changes in tempo.

Took. Took. Took.

More than the broken bones, the fact that the speed of regeneration was slower than before worried Annie.

'No, maybe this is normal.' The right arm, which had been unusually strong, was being matched to the strength of the left arm.

It meant that Ymir's arm he had swallowed no longer remained inside his body.

'Why Ymir... ...

Did he regenerate Lian's right arm by handing over his own?

'Thanks to that, I was able to cross countless dead lines. And in the end, I reached Idea.'

If this is what Ymir wanted.

'good.'

Lian opened his eyes and rushed.

'From now on, it's only my path.'

Lian's strength was not to be pessimistic in any situation, even if he had no brains to overcome the problem.

"Goes!"

When the straight sword fell vertically, Natasha's body turned half a turn as if bouncing.

While the blade brushed the tip of her nose, the steel wire connected to the diagonal line was pulled tight as if it would break.

It was close, but Lian didn't even feel regret.

'Talent is talent, but that incarnation

O......'

Incarnation is a phenomenon in which a person's tendencies are revealed in form.

Therefore, the fact that the incarnation is in the form of a skeleton means that something has already died in the heart.

'Does this mean that being alive is meaningless?'

As the afterimage of Natasha swayed left and right in the flashlight, Lian felt dizzy again.

As if in a quick blink, she was on the right and then on the left.

'Extremely good.'

battle.

Also, her incarnation seemed to elevate her physical abilities to the limits of the law.

What I had to give up in return was 'probably automatic

puppet.

Natasha is a puppet who cannot dance alone.

After about 3 frames had passed, her fist was touching Lian's stomach.

"Ouch!"

Belatedly, he brought the Daejikdo to his chest, but the time had already passed.

Natasha asked.

"Can you see my movements?" Just being able to consciously activate the kaleidoscope could be said to be a class of super-high masters.

"But do you know why it can't be avoided?"

She raised her index finger.

" rhythm."

The kaleidoscope is the realm of cognition.

Even if the arrow seems slow to fly, catching the arrow is another matter.

Of course, through divine transcendence, it is possible for Lian to move his body at the speed of thought... ... .

"You have no sense of rhythm at all."

If an unknown rhythm is mixed with the opponent's movement, the result is that they cannot recognize it at all.

'The seesaw of time is not magic.' If your body can't follow the rhythm of your opponent from the start, you should do the same in a kaleidoscope.

Natasha put her raised index finger to the side and shook her wrist as if in time.

"Can you feel it?"

finger... ... moving up and down?

Natasha mixed the beat with the rhythm.

"How about this? Tell me a little bit and what do you think is different?"

When Lian didn't say anything, Natasha nodded as if the analysis was over.

"You know why rhythm is important? This is because all events in the world develop along the flow of time. A person without a sense of rhythm simply accepts the next event as it is. But if you have a sense of rhythm, you can do a lot. If you divide an event into 3 beats, think about it on beat 1, prepare on beat 2, and hit it on beat 3. But you react only when you are right in front of your eyes."

Lian couldn't resist.

"Another advantage of rhythm is that you can attract the opponent's rhythm to you. If you fight any strong enemy for about 5 minutes, you can read the unique rhythm. It's a number fight from there, and that's the fun part of the fight... ...

After a moment's hesitation, Natasha continued.

"You don't feel the rhythm itself at all. To be honest, it just feels like fighting an incredibly strong beast."

Lian let out a short sigh.

"That is my way."

"That way is wrong. Perhaps the reason you've been able to survive so far is because you defeated most of the enemies early on? Before you even catch the rhythm."

Actually it was.

"Like a beast of prey catching its prey, it crushes it with overwhelming power. It's good because it can be. But once you get used to it, like me, what am I to say? Your battle is at the level of a children's song, if you put it into a song. That's perfectly tone deaf."

Lian recalled memories of learning nursery rhymes from Rayna's older sister as a child.

I was excited and sang along, but every time she did, she giggled and giggled.

wow, that's a good memory

However, the problem was that it was a life-and-death battle.

said Natasha.

"No matter how good the voice or range is, that is not a song. In the same sense, you are strong, but you are by no means a good fighter."

"So what?"

Lian's ribs were completely attached.

"I knew from the moment I started holding a sword that I had no talent. I failed countless times and was ridiculed."

"Still you say you won

want?"

"no."

Lian rushed.

"That means it is my sword."

Seeing her more powerful than before, Natasha posed with an absurd expression.

'Am I stupid?'

If you point out your flaws to this extent, isn't it normal to at least criticize yourself?

'I did.'

But Daphne didn't.

Ever since she was pointed out by Natasha, she had been slandering and slandering Natasha in every case.

"... ... Shinigami's martial arts."

Natasha's eyes showed her sincere will to kill her opponent.

The wildest and fastest dance song she knows.

'Fantastic night.'

Natasha approached, creating an empty tunnel in the air, and landed a kick into Lian's side.

"Keugh!"

The yaksha's muscles twisted like a pretzel.

'If the rhythm fails, I have no choice but to catch up with force!'

As I twisted my waist with all my strength, Natasha was finally caught in my field of vision.

'see.'

In the midst of the extreme kaleidoscope, her body was flickering like a flashing light.

'what's this?'

It meant that Natasha was repeating going out of Lian's awareness and coming back in.

1/40,000 night.

It was the beat of her dealing with an incident.

'I have no choice but to bell!'

The moment Lian swung the straight sword vertically, Natasha turned and approached the side of the blade.

Ting. Ting Ting.

Lian couldn't even react to the feat of flicking the blade of a large straight sword with his fingernails.

There are still beats left.

Natasha was keeping an eye on Lian's gaze as she was tracking her... ... .

'Here's a change.'

suddenly turned to the opposite side.

'damn!'

For the first time, despair rose in Lian's heart for missing Natasha again.

'Really, can't I win?' To hold on to his crumbling heart, Lian screamed like a beast and swung his sword.

It was the end of violence, but it was rather difficult for Natasha, who fought with a sense of rhythm.

'Even if it touches me, it will be death.'

1/80,000 night.

By splitting the rhythm even more finely, Natasha regained her composure and poured out continuous hits.

There were fist marks all over Lian's body.

'Damn it! damn it!'

Feeling a sense of shame that he couldn't respond to even when he saw it with his own eyes, Lian finally admitted it.

'I'm not suited for a sword.'

I have no talent.

'A guy like me will stop Ymir? No, it's better to leave it to this woman.'

Whoever wins will show a great battle.

'Why me?'

If Guy-hyung was alive, no, if the idea had been passed on to Lai-hyung.

'Reina noona is better than me too!' Even she was blue-haired.

'This bastard ¡á doesn't know how to do anything! What the hell am I going to do here...

As Natasha's fist destroyed Lian's left eye socket, half of her vision was lost.

'Why, why must it be me!' so it's you

.......

Every cell in Lian seemed to be talking.

It is unknown whether it was a positive thought like a spark or a conclusion drawn by the Ogent dwelling in the cells.

However, what passed faster than a kaleidoscope was the figure of Ogent galloping through the heavens.

Losing even his human form, he shouted the name of Smille and raised his sword.

The enemy is mankind's strongest swordman}.

'It's never beautiful.'

Ogent saved Smille against the whole of Heaven.

'I see.'

Lian's dream is to become a swordsman who protects the brightest wizard in human history.

'It was that simple.'

Lian, whose face was distorted like a yaksha, grabbed the great sword with both hands and twisted his body.

Natasha's pupils trembled.

'what?'

Lian's back was still on her back, but the yaksha's face, which seemed to have already rotated, protruded translucently.

'Great!'

As the will of divine transcendence guided him, Lian's body began to contain rotational power.

'With or without talent!'

'Awesome speed... ... !'

Natasha leaned away from her upper body.

'To mock or not!'

Following the afterimage of Daejikdo, I could see the surrounding air breaking like shards of glass.

'Either human! Not even human!' What does that matter?

'It's enough if I do it!' Natasha got goosebumps when she found the great straight sword approaching her waist.

1/160,000 night.

That moment when she is relieved that she, who has split the rhythm more sharply, still has time to spare.

'tuk'?'

I heard something snapping in my head.





-r=r. =?.


Rhythm is being destroyed.

'Irregular beat'

What is the beat that is not contained even when an event is divided into 160,000 pieces?

'That can't be!'

Her pride was hurt, and Natasha felt the 1/160,000 beat at a faster rhythm.

One night in 320,000.

But what I hear in my head is not the rhythmic beat.

Tutututututu! Tutututututu!

There was only the noise of perfect indefinite beats that flooded in, destroying the whole rhythm.

'This guy.'

Natasha realized.

'I have no real talent.'

If too little talent is considered a talent, is Lian the natural enemy of geniuses?

'Does that make sense?' Talent is not talent.

As if to answer, the tip of the sword penetrated deep into Natasha's abdomen and gave off a cold sensation.

'Ah, that's right.'

Although, in Natasha's eyes, it was only a drawback.

'Life for this man.'

I had to live with my whole life in my heart, I had to swing my sword endlessly to overcome...

"Yaaaaaaa!"

Because it is life itself.

"Huh!"

As blood poured from her stomach like a fountain, Natasha let out a moan involuntarily.

Suddenly, this thought came to my mind.

'I'......

Maybe we are thinking too complicatedly?

Isn't it because I couldn't do one action that I just had to do my best, and I was running away with countless thoughts?

'Look, it's Daphne.'

The friend I dreamed of with.

'You can do it.'

Natasha smiled bitterly.

'still... ...

If she had eyelids, she would have a very good-natured eye smile.

"Sorry."

All History (3)

The headlights began to unravel.

Natasha fell to the ground, and the eyes of the few who discovered her attracted many.

The noise of war rippled away.

'That human woman... ... Did you get hurt?'

The demons hate humans, but Natasha's power could not be disparaged.

"Lian!"

Tess, who had returned from the mission of regeneration, froze when she saw Lian's condition.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

Lian's arms, which were breathing heavily, disappeared without even a trace from the shoulder.

Only the <idea> floating in the air with divine transcendence speaks his will.

Natasha raised her head.

"Did you say Lian?"

The Skull Reaper reached into her abdomen and was treating her, but that was all she could do to stop the bleeding.

A kind of surgical ability.

However, just like the Law of Incarnation, his technical skills were at the level of fixing a broken doll.

"Save your words. You may die." Lian has no special war philosophy.

all.

The number of people killed by his sword was too many to raise any banner.

"It's okay, even if I die."

Lian nodded and asked.

"Do you have anything to say?"

"I lost."

I really wanted to tell you.

"Your sword broke all my rhythm and came in. Whatever it is, it will become your technique and style from now on. I'd like to call it negative beat, but that's what the owner decides."

"It doesn't matter what the name is."

"yes?"

Natasha gave up and collapsed.

"It was nice, you."

She brought out all the words inside, but Lian still had something left.

"I said you could cast off evil." "That does not erase the guilt. But if you regret it, atone now. Denying the demons in this place where mankind is judging you will be the only reward for those who died because of you."

The faces of the demons were crumpled.

"You can torture and kill. You did a lot of bad things."

Natasha was calm.

"But I have no regrets. What are your regrets? If that was possible, I wouldn't be here."

For a talent who strives to be the best at every moment, looking back is unacceptable.

"When I said abandon evil, it just means it doesn't matter. Either on the side of humans or on the side of demons. my answer though

O......"

Natasha raised her head.

"I became friends with Harvits first. sorry."

For her who had no purpose in life, that was enough of a reason.

"Kill! Kill a human!"

Realizing that it would be advantageous to preoccupy Natasha, the demons terrifyingly rushed.

"All charge!"

The allied forces with the same thoughts were raised, and the place where Lian and Natasha were was filled with troops.

"Kuaaaaa!"

It was the battlefield of Abigyuhwan.

"Satan... ...

Seeing Havitz's neck on the floor, the Sioks made the same expression.

"It is Satan!"

They were all different in age and appearance, but at this moment, it seemed as if there were 12 identical faces.

"no! no!"

The first o'clock of pride grabbed his head and cried out.

"Time does not turn back! Why, why do you not regret it!"

because I didn't realize

"I will take revenge!" The moment Shiok rushed in, a huge shadow appeared and 12 people began to sink.

"Quaaaaa! Remember, humans! We will come back! Revenge must be... ... !"

The screams disappeared beneath the ground.

"Sigh."

After a while, Armin canceled the stop magic and sat down.

"You did it."

I saw Kuan bleeding from one eye.

It was impossible to regenerate because it had been stabbed perfectly, and even if it were possible, he would reject it.

"Quan, your decision... ...

"Do you understand now?"

Quan coldly cut off his words.

"Why am I not going to see her?"

Kuan's hidden code is based on the feelings that arise when you put yourself in a terrible state.

The more the body is destroyed, that is, the closer it is to abnormality, the more the polarity of asymmetry becomes more inclined.

'When this war is over... ...

What is Kuan's condition?

And can Shiina accept that?

"God, please forgive me." Eden, whose heart was subdued by Satan, poured out tears and prayed for repentance.

Sein tried to think positively.

'Still, I won.'

However, the moment he looked at Harvitz's fallen head, a suspicion bordering on fear arose.

'That one?'

Havitz's face lost its vitality.

However, on one side of the dead eye, something black and small was wriggling.

'fly.'

The sight of him tapping his eyeballs with both legs as if trapped in the retina gave goosebumps all over his body.

"It's not over yet!"

I honestly don't know.

If Havitz was alive, it was normal to hear the vibrations of the heart through God's frequency.

"Kiaaaaa!"

Harvitz's eyes shattered like glass, and vomit-speckled tentacles protruded from the pierced eye sockets.

"Harm!"

The circular snout attached to the end of the tentacle opened like an umbrella and rushed at Mayray.

'I'm afraid I'll get hurt!' Everyone activated their organs, but for some reason, the effect did not appear.

' what?'

Shiok reappeared as 12 shadows were created centering on Maylei.

"Knock-knock! You've been tricked again! I was tricked again!"

As the twelve spinning shadows spread, all the laws within the circle were disregarded.

Without even making a sound, Mayray's body was sucked into the tentacle's main back.

The iron wheel of the world did not cause any accident.

'A fixed future.'

Was it just a coincidence that Sein and the others gathered and Harvits left the battlefield?

"Quack."

Havitz's face gradually revived as he pulled the 10-meter-long tentacles out of his eyes.

"I finally ate."

The swollen tentacles, like those of an anaconda, disintegrated Mayray in an instant.

'no.'

It is not sorrow over the death of a comrade.

The worst situation had come, with no room for such human emotions.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Violet satanic energy spread in a fan shape over the top of Havitz's head.

"more."

want to eat more

The reason why the voice of desire can be heard clearly as if it is talking to your ear is...

'The hidden code of the 8 o'clock of jealousy.' It was clear evidence that Mayray's ability God's frequency was stolen by Habits.

"Ouch! Kuck!"

Things like intestines poured down Havitz's throat as he cleared his throat.

And after taking shape in the air, it turned into a bizarre human body.

"... ... Is it Satan?"

"no. I am Habits."

Harvits, whose face and body did not match, tapped the head with the monster's index finger.

"Only the brain, of course."

It would be a curse that everything except the face was made up of other people's flesh and organs... ... .

"Hoo."

Harvits didn't care.

"It was like this. Interesting?"

When Armin's mind was heard as an auditory hallucination, the faces of Sein and the others turned pale.

"Did you hear it through the object'?"

As Havitz pulled out his tongue, Mayray's bloody <Nemesis> appeared.

"Two!"

The moment he spat out the ring, the wave in his heart stopped, and Sein frowned.

'Damn it. All in all... ...

The ability that should not be taken away the most has passed to the person who should not have it the most.

Habitz looked back at Lyria.

"Aha? were you thinking like that? Surprisingly. No, should I say cute?"

Lillia's face turned into a tear-stained one.

"please."

I finally realized what had happened to this world.

"do not do that."

If I could turn the situation around even if I prayed for it.

Sein said.

"Havitz, come on. You must want to kill us. Because it is the only natural enemy that can kill you." If his face is Habits and his body is Satan, then this time he really has one life.

"Hehe. Heh heh heh."

Havitsu, obsessed with the power of God's frequency, didn't even listen to Sein's words.

"I don't care what you say. hear everything The voice of your heart."

'I'm really going crazy!'

As was his old habit, Havitz twisted his mustache.

"And killing is over. You guys must have known about this ability too, right?"

Havitz's mind that Mayray had eavesdropped on.

"No, your strategy will never work. I'd rather kill all humans! Overwork and torture! That's what you wanted!"

In short, it was better.

"Human Taste."

Harvits said.

"This is why people torture, torture, and kill people. There is nothing in the world that tastes better than humans. The problem is that it is so addictive that it raises the threshold."

Sharp nails scratched his temples.

"So I thought. Is there no part of the human body that is more delicious than life? Then there was one. heart."

This was the reason God's frequency was needed.

"Now it's time to cook it. It's extremely delicious, and you can enjoy it for a long time without chewing... ...

Havitz's one eye swayed ecstatically, and the tentacle on the other side stiffly stood up.

"Human Taste."

no one answered

"... ... You left."

When Havitz canceled vanishing, not even his footprints were left.

Armin asked.

"Where did you go? If it's Tormia... ...

"no."

Sein shook his head.

"It is not Tormia. The labyrinth is coming, or it will already be. When a conflict between good and evil occurs, the judgment of Terraforce is triggered. Also if that happens... ...

Quan got the word.

"God's frequency disappears."

These were the words Mei-Lee warned before carrying out the assassination operation.

"right. From now on, he intends to enjoy the pain rather than kill humans. Then he has no way to go where the maze is. Even if this is not calculated, the law makes it so."

Lyria raised her hand.

"wait a minute. Then wouldn't it be better to go back to the battlefield? Habitz cares about Gustav's 4th skill. Leaving them unattended is somehow... ...

Sein nodded.

"yes. susceptibility declines. But I'm putting weight on the fact that the major premise is implemented. In other words, as a result of today's incident, a big change occurred in Havitz's mind."

Kuan stroked his chin.

"Are you saying that you were so absorbed in this work that you abandoned your colleague? Well, the whole world could become his playground."

"That's right. Now that I can read people's minds, it's rather strange that it's the same as before. If until now you were Satan dwelling in a human body, now you are a little closer to Satan."

Armin said as he wrinkled his nose.

"Then it is a big deal. If Havitz abandoned his comrades, there's no way the demons would leave Gustav's 4th skill alone. Declining their influence also means that the demons' strategies will be implemented."

Eden gritted his teeth and stood up.

"Paimon, commander of the 9th corps."

The Demon Realm is the source of a hospital.

"yes. This is not the time to go after Harvits. Paimon must be subdued as soon as possible. If she opens her demon realm... ...

Even the gods will shed bloody tears.

"Um, yes yes."

Havitz, who was walking through the wasteland that stretched to the horizon, tore off the tentacles from his eyes.

Satan's flesh permeated through the black hole and was regenerated as an eyeball with red pupils.

Havitz nodded his head as he remembered what he could do with God's frequency.

"Aha, it could be used this way."

human taste.

The human heart, which he designated as the most delicious part himself, was now able to be tasted to his heart's content.

"But this is not enough. Well."

If Paimon's Pandemonium covers the world, the taste of humans will flood beyond imagination... ... .

"It is simply eating a lot. I want the best taste. Something a little more dramatic and exhilarating... ...

Absolutely painful events.

"Heh heh. Yes, there was." In order to perfectly cook the mind, I needed one more ability besides God's frequency.

It was an incident.

"It's worth it to be alive. Because I didn't want to kill you."

I don't know the direction, and I might not be able to get out of the wasteland even if I walk for the next few days... ... .

"It is Satan!"

Apart from Vulcan's instructions, demons who had tracked Habits were flying through the sky.

"Cheuk, go."

Harvits raised his hand to the sky.

"Uorin."

His gaze, which flew up into the sky while being held by the claws of a grotesque bird, was aimed at Kashan.

All Stations£ý(4)

While Guphin spent 40,000 years in the lotus flower, the art of life was developed in Heaven, and the Nephilim were active throughout the universe.

A being in which the spirit of an angel resides in a human body.

Instinctively searching for the truth of life, they eventually realize the existence of heaven through the Immortal Function.

It was an era when numerous stargates were installed on the planet, and angels were presenting the direction of life to humans according to Ankera's instructions.

Some humans followed the gate into heaven.

And among those humans, Smille's ancestors were also included.

"Kariel! A signal of treason has been caught on the 13th planet of the Alpha Cross galaxy 64 solar system."

"Little things... ...

Not all Nephilim were successful in guidance.

Human beings were so subjective that they denied Ang Kera and called themselves gods.

'No matter how faded it is, in the end, it means that he is a descendant of Gaia.'

Heaven's army has been dispatched.

Numerous human beings were destroyed, and the one who made the greatest achievement was, without a doubt, Ymir, the king of giants.

'It's too strong.'

It was a biological weapon created to subdue the Guffin, but the problem was that the universe couldn't handle it either.

- Abortion is not allowed.

By order of Anchera, Ymir is confined to Niflheim, the thickest ice region in Heaven.

"huh! They say they are like little puppets."

Unless Guffin attacked Heaven again, it seemed that he would never return to the world.

Then, one day, an incident occurs.

One human broke through the walls of heaven and invaded.

The man's name, which will later be recorded in history with a weight equivalent to that of Gaia's battle, is "Smiele!"

It was Augent.

When the walls of heaven were destroyed, Anke Ra was unconcerned.

'The world has stabilized.'

There are still Hexa and Gupins in the universe that are not included in the Akashic Records, but the forces of Heaven are too strong for him to plan anything.

-Remove it. Deprive the existence of those who defy God's will.

Ankera, who had given some grandiose instructions, was satisfied with the fact that Heaven's system was perfect, even though she had no heart.

' Well'?'

It was then that Anchera's eyes flashed open and her pupils vibrated with a whine.

'what?'

The wall of the 1st Thousand Sharma has been pierced.

It wasn't too strange since it was home to mortal subjects, but it was too fast.

Ching! Ching!

The pupils shook wildly, and Ankera's nerves tensed up.

Even the 2nd Heaven Rakia, the residence of the fallen angels, was pierced.

Even though their powers are blocked, they are also angels with asteroids.

'Why is it so fast?'

No matter how much I ran the simulation, I couldn't find a close creature.

Finally, I read the Akashic Records called Anke, and checked the log happening in the world with a sense of nothingness... ... .

' human?'

We find one human whose human form has already collapsed.

'The guest code is ogent.'

Eternals who reached the art of incarnation in the 3rd heaven and fairies born in the 4th heaven were helplessly pierced.

"Kiyiyi!"

Ankera's nerves spread a scream as her own system was being destroyed from the bottom up.

'Why? Why?'

The first blow struck against the walls of heaven was a minor impact that could have happened only once in the entire universe. However, the information received in less than an hour was a difficult number to regard as the same person.

" human!"

Ogent, who changed into the body of a yaksha, broke through the giants and broke down the wall of the 5th Heaven.

Anke Ra held on tenaciously.

'It's not a guffin. Not even Gaian. He's just a human being.'

However, it was getting closer to Gaia very quickly.

'There's no way they're connected.'

If anyone can become a Gaian, in the end, Anke Ra will have to get rid of all humans again.

'That's why I'm watching.' I was thinking of betting on a match, just like when a guffin came to set up a deal.

'Enter the sixth thousand jebul.'

As they are the angels with the highest status in the universe, Ogent's charging power has also weakened.

'Did you catch it?'

The moment of waiting for remarkable data because it wasn't weak enough to be sure.

'no.'

A shock that does not exist in this world, a signal that does not exist in the Akashic Records, struck the great world war.

'idea!'

it continued

"no!"

A terrible incident stored in the database drove Ankera to an extreme choice.

The Great World War was completely removed and transferred to a planet in outer space.

And after a while, the signal of Edea was picked up in a place very far away from heaven.

'I kept it for now.'

But I couldn't leave it like this.

If Ogent comes into contact with the Guffin, the Ultima System will head into this world again.

"Come, Ymir."

As soon as the order was given, the walls of Arabot were knocked down and Ymir approached.

It took a few leaps, but I could guess what happened to the spot he had stepped on without checking the logs.

"huh."

Ymir snorted instead of saying hello.

The resentment of being isolated in Niflheim remains.

"Ymir, to heaven...

"I know. Something came." Ymir's senses were made with the insight of 10 billion Gaians.

"Seeing that you called me, it seems that God was quite nervous too."

Why is Ymir so mean to Anchera?

An illogical thought crossed my mind for a moment, wondering if Gaiain had disappeared, but his soul still remained.

"Set an example. Indulgence is unacceptable."

Ymir knelt down.

"I take orders."

"Get rid of him. That is your only duty."

When no answer came back, Ankera added.

"Don't you want to find the reason for your existence?" Ymir finally responded.

"You know how many disappointments I've had so far. I don't think it will be different this time."

To be the strongest, that is to say, to be far stronger than the second strongest...

'It means there is no meaning to exist.' He fought many battles, but in the end was only crushed at the hands of Imir.

Neither Ashur, nor Son Goku, nor Zeus, nor Behemoth could satisfy his deficiency, although there was only a difference in degree.

'Now everyone is getting old. The normal guy is about Ashur.'

"He is a man with a mind."

It hurt Ankera's pride, but Ymir took the bait.

"mind?"

Guffin came to mind.

"good. Maybe you can find the reason for your existence there."

'Is that enough?'

Ymir, lost in thought, turned around.

"Send it."

"... ... Prove that you are the king of giants."

The moment Anchera's voice entered the eardrum, Ymir's coordinates flew to the other side of the universe.

On the planet where Shirone would later live, the greatest fight in the universe took place.

His name is Augent.

He was the first human other than Guffin to make Ymir feel alive.

However, he sacrificed himself to save Smille.

Ymir felt sorry for him, but he learned that Anchera was right.

'I found the reason for my existence.'

someday we will meet again

Upon returning to Arabot, Ankera's voice contained a thorn.

"You left room."

"To get rid of Augent. Didn't you say that was all?"

For once, yes.

"What reward would you like to receive? Niflhe

"No."

Ymir shook his head.

"There is no prison that can confine me anyway. Do you know?" "I will not fight any more. Until you feel like fighting."

"You have proven yourself to be the king of giants. You will have a lot of work to do in the future."

When Ymir held out his index finger, his fingernails extended and dripped down to the floor like liquid.

"At least one fingernail... ... I will leave it behind."

The nail on the index finger fell off, and the part of Ymir that was born next to the main body approached Ankera.

"I will take care of everything. Please tell me."

As the expansion of Heaven is accelerating, Ymir has to fight countless enemies.

'One fingernail?'

maybe that's enough

I don't know how many times it will erupt again in the future, but it will be able to endure until the main body wakes up. Ymir's body left Arabot and was again submerged in the deepest part of Niflheim.

Suoi who coexisted with him happily gathered together and told the story of the world.

"Whoops."

Ymir laughed as he licked the empty space in his molar tooth he had left far away in space.

'Don't watch. How far it leads.'

August Smile.

Knowledge is contained in history.

And at this point, Shirone had accepted almost all of the history of the universe.

'The spine of knowledge.'

The grand project that started with the great library of the Ogent family is coming to an end.

The library of knowledge in the depths of Shirone expands to the 4th dimension, and there is no space limitation.

'When I first started working, I thought that all knowledge was connected.'

Eventually, even time was transformed into a five-dimensional multi-cube combined with space.

'It was rather the opposite.' If Arius went into the depths again, he would only be able to realize this fact.

'All knowledge was born from one.' God.

And finally, Shirone, who has the brain of a god, is facing the end of history.

Omega 999 years.

Heaven had an unprecedented heyday.

Everything was peaceful, and if things went on like this, a planet would create a new world by creating an air coward system modeled after Ankera.

But, as always, the problem was human.

"why!"

The seven archangels who sat at the table of the Baek Kyung had a heated discussion.

"Why is every planet plotting rebellion? What is this, is it fashionable? You did everything! Eternal life and the paradise they seek, he made everything!"

"Because I am human."

Satiel said with venom.

"It was wrong to start with making the wine of life. do you trust humans? They say that they are always only thinking of overthrowing God. People who can't see someone sitting over their heads."

Kariel shot.

"There is nothing wrong with my life wine. Haven't countless tribes followed Ankera until now?"

"authority."

Uriel spat out.

"No authority."

"Am I lacking?"

"I don't mean that. that it is not perfect. It is us."

Everyone's eyes turned to the empty seat of the archangel.

"Ichael."

The reason Ankera couldn't reset was because they couldn't give Guffin a second chance.

In the end, there was no choice but to partially cut out the incident, and the aftereffects were more severe for beings with higher mentality.

'There must be something. Even without a very terribly clear memory, it was possible to infer based on the shape of the void formed in the asteroid.

'For example, giving birth to a human child.'

Kariel shook her head.

The reason why these illogical thoughts come to mind is probably the aftereffects of amnesia.

Even so, the shape of the void was too filthy.

said Uriel.

"We need Ichael. If the white watch is not perfect, then authority will not stand."

Currently, Ikael has lost all powers and is being punished in the spire of Arabot.

The punishment is nothing other than flying to the planet where the rebellion occurred and destroying the civilization.

Only then could Ikael regain his strength, and the archangels did not know why it was a punishment.

Even Ekael himself.

But she... ... .

'Why am I doing this?'

I couldn't hold back the tears that flowed every time I killed a human and came back.

'Guffin.'

It was after the secret meeting that night that no one in heaven noticed.

'If only I could meet him one more time.'

A knock was heard.

"Come on in."

Carefully opening the door and entering, Ashur mumbled, unable to open his mouth.

"Is this a mission?"

"Yes. sorry." He was the one who watched Ikael cry countless times as he returned after completing his mission.

"It's not Ashur's fault. And it is the archangel's mission to punish those who rebel against Anchera."

Ikael took a deep breath and smiled.

"Okay, where are you?"

"It is a planet located in the 7th solar system in the Oregon galaxy. The Kergo tribe settled there 1,500 years ago, and recently, the situation of denying God has been detected."

"Kergora. I'm surprised. Their faith is unique among the 3 subjects of Heaven."

"Even if it's the same Kergor, the gods don't stay in the country. The farther people are from their eyes, the farther they tend to be from their hearts. At this rate, the Heavenly Expansion Project will also fail."

Ikael nodded his head.

"like. I will punish them myself and set divinity right. Did you say 7 solar systems?"

"Yes. The seventh planet of the 7th solar system. Since it is a volcanic island in the sea, it will not take long."

"Hmm? It is a volcanic island."

Ashur opened the door and said.

"The natives call it Galliant.

all."

continues in the next volume