
[221] 1. Memories of Galliant (1)


Kergo Autonomous District.

The room where Shirone and the others stayed was tidy.

A black sphere was born in a space filled with quiet air. The sphere looked like a two-dimensional hole, from which five people were spat out.

After rolling on the floor, Amy crawled to the portal and called Shirone. I couldn't believe he wasn't coming back.

Tess and Arin caught her trying to enter the portal.

Amy also hated the two of Marley. She shouldn't have left Shirone alone.

"Let go! Get out of the way! I'm going to rescue Shirone!"

"Amy! If you go in, you can't come back! You have to wait now!"

"What are you waiting for? You guys left Shirone dead!"

"no! Peope is... ... !"

Arin stopped talking and looked at the portal. From the other side of space, Shirone was spinning and flying.

Tears welled up in Amy's eyes.

Receiving the Shirone with open arms, she rolled on the floor with the power of the spiral. She was so happy that she couldn't even feel the pain.

As Arin watched the metagate portal disappear, he thought of a fairy left in heaven.

'Thank you, Peope.'

The portal opened to the room given by Chief Kergo.

Heaven is far away, but since I went through the Guffin's Gate, the relativity of time does not occur. Calculating the difference in the solar calendar, it seemed that about three days had passed.

"Lian! Lian... ... ."

Tess' tears fell down Lian's face. She returned alive, but she was not happy. He lost his arm while talking like a habit to become the best swordsman in the world.

Lian's right arm was left as a bone. He tried to pull out the greatsword, but his fingers wouldn't straighten.

Tess was stunned. I don't have muscles, even ligaments are torn, so how can I hold a sword?

At that moment, the door burst open and Kergoin entered.

He sighed as he ran to the exit, watching the women embracing their partners and giving them wary glances.

"I'm back! They are back!"

Arin read hostility in Kergoin's menarche. Amy asked, realizing that it was not time for her to just cry.

"Arin, what's going on?"

"I don't know. But I think you'd better leave quickly. It was definitely not a favorable feeling."

Amy and the others left the room with the wounded. The structure of the crypt was complex, but no one could not remember the exit.

The problem was that it was a one-way street.

Footsteps came from the other side of the cave, and dozens of warriors blocked the exit.

"Where are you trying to escape, you traitors!"

Arin interpreted the language through mental resonance.

"Even death cannot pay for the sin of scorning Kergo! For three days and three nights, I will cut off the flesh and dry it in the sun to death!"

Even though the language came through an interpreter, it was terrifying.

Amy couldn't understand the situation. She couldn't fulfill Kadum's request, but she wasn't like her contract in the first place.

I saw a familiar old man standing among the warriors. His face was lined with wrinkles, and lumps of less muscle were still hanging down.

"you... ... no way?"

"These damn things!"

It was the voice of Kergo chieftain Kadum.

Is it possible to grow that old in just a few days? Maybe decades have passed while you are in heaven.

"How dare you try to destroy Kergo! Give me my life back!"

"We don't know! Why did you do that?"

"gibberish! If you don't play tricks, how did my lifespan get shorter? I could live another 60 years!"

Arin suddenly realized.

'Canis... ... .'

Even if all the men had the opportunity to control their lifespan, only Canis would make this choice.

support his choice. It was rather cheap compared to what Kadum had done to the tribesmen.

But even Canis didn't know that the situation would turn out like this.

As the warriors approached, emitting powerful energy, Amy entered the Spirit Zone with a sense like instinct.

I looked for Mahatu, but I couldn't find him.

If the anti-angel faction had been purged, this place would have been the den of enemy camps. There was no one to help.

"Catch me alive! I will give them a cruel death!"

The Kergo warriors approached with weapons. Individual strength was great, but the group's speculation was suffocating.

'What do we do? Block the road with a fire wall? But it's dangerous in a cave.'

When the five giants were about to rush forward with their spears, a commotion was heard from the exit.

A terrified Kadum looked back and shouted.

"What is it! what's the matter!"

As the body ages, it seems that the mind has also been broken.

Not long after, the warriors guarding the rear ran out towards Amy's group.

"Are you okay?"

Amy's face darkened.

Mahatu, who had been thought to have been captured, was standing there. Most surprising of all was the people he brought with him.

Jis, who had parted ways after interpreting, was standing there escorted by the parrot mercenaries, and even Marsha, the leader, and Freeman, the vice-captain, were there.

"Jis? Why are you here?"

"No time! Come here quickly!"

Before Jis could finish speaking, the Kergo warriors charged.

From their point of view, they had to capture Shirone and the others.

Civil war had already broken out in the Kergo Autonomous Region.

Residents joined the anti-angel faction, and if this ended, the angel faction could not avoid its downfall.

"Freeman! Go get the kids!"

Marcia pushed Freeman's butt with her foot.

Freeman, who did not ride the reverse technique tree, boasted of rapid movement.

The spears and swords of the warriors could not cut off a single hair from him. It was the Gunner's schema that gave up regenerative power and focused on speed.

Tuca! Tuca! Tuca!

Every time Freeman stepped into the middle of enemy lines and fired his gun in all directions, the warriors were pinned against the walls of the cave. Soon, only Freeman was left in the seat, and smoke from magic bullets spread thickly around him.

Amy doubted whether this was the man she had been dealing with. When she changed her schema, the fighting style was also completely different.

"let's go. I can't last long."

"Ah yes!"

Amy and the others followed the parrot mercenary and left.

The warriors of Khadum pursued them, but they were not in threatening numbers.

The dictator who ruled Kergo for hundreds of years lost all his strength as his body aged.

"no! do not go! I don't want to die like this! Please give me my life back!"

Kadum's scream echoed in the cave.



@



While escaping Mount Toa, Shirone and the others were able to hear everything from Mahatu.

As Kadum's body aged, the priests declared martial law and imprisoned the anti-angel faction.

It was Jess who rescued them.

Arriving in the Autonomous District to pay off Falcoa's debt, he sensed an uneasy atmosphere and began investigating.

Then, realizing that Mahatu was imprisoned, he arrived here with a gang of parrot bandits.

"Thank you, Jess. I wouldn't have survived if it wasn't for you."

Jess' face turned red at Amy's praise.

"What is this? It's nothing compared to what you guys have helped me with. are you okay anyway? Why did only men get this far?"

Amy looked at Shirone's condition. She still showed no signs of waking up.

"It happened like that. Can you find a councilor on the island? Or should I go to the magic guild?"

Marsha looked back at the wounded. Even though Shirone and Canis only lost consciousness, Lian's condition was serious.

All of the flesh on his right arm had been applied. With a wound like this, it should have died from excessive blood loss, but for some reason, the blood didn't flow.

"Why is Lian like this? No, rather, how did you treat it? Is it really okay to leave it like this?"

said Tess, weeping.

"I don't know. I ate a giant's arm, and I think it's because of that. As long as I'm alive, I'll fix it at all costs."

"giant? eat your arm What are you talking about?"

Tess just shook her head.

When we arrived at the entrance of Mount Toa, the parrot thieves' wagon was waiting.

Mahatu bowed his head and conveyed his guilt.

"The chieftain's immorality put the messenger of God in danger. Please forgive me."

The anti-angel faction was a faction created to oppose those who fulfill their self-interest in the name of God.

From Heaven's point of view, it is a heresy and a way of thinking that could lead to a final war, but Amy could not criticize Mahatu.

"Some of my colleagues must have been displeased with Kadum. Rather, we are sorry. I'm glad things went well, but I almost made a lot of sacrifices."

"It should have happened once. Had Kadum been strong, it would have cost far more to overthrow the system. thank you."

Amy waited for Mahatu to say something else.

However, he did not ask anything from the person who had been to heaven. He chose to be self-reliant.

Amy got into the carriage. She prioritized the well-being of her friends, just as the happiness of her tribesmen was first to Mahatu.

Mahatu did not move until Amy and the others disappeared over the horizon.



@



"Quickly! hurry!"

Marsha searched Galliant Island and found 1 doctor and 4 recovery wizards who came to Jis's house.

The lawmaker who confirmed Lian's condition was horrified.

I prayed that this boy would not have suffered such torture while he was still awake.

"This, this... ... ."

Tess cried and hung on.

"Senator! please fix it! Can you fix it?"

The senator was silent like a mute. What the hell are you talking about yourself? To fix means to put back what is broken. He couldn't recreate what was gone.

"I can't help it. I'm not a great senator, but neither am I. If it is not amputated, it may die."

"cut? This kid is a prosecutor! I decided to become the world's strongest swordsman!"

"You have to cut it from the shoulder down. If you don't want to become the world's strongest corpse."

Tess fell to her knees helplessly. The senator was right. When he came to his senses, no one could be sane when he saw his skeletal arm. There was no blood flowing yet, but it was unknown when it would bleed again.

"Big! this... ... It's no joke."

The recovery magicians paired up with a colleague by two to give recovery magic to Shirone and Canis.

Healing, which raises biological abilities, and Purify, which clears the mind, were being cast, but it felt like pouring water into a poison.

"What happened? who are these kids? This is the first time in my entire life that no one wakes up after being treated for so long."

said Amy.

"I'm a magic school student, so it's going to be harder than others."

"Okay! If it lasts more than 10 minutes, you should take an hour break. It's already over the limit!"

"Please hold on for ten more minutes! I will give you any amount of money."

"At this age, the money is enough, go on a date. It looks exactly like my first love."

Amy opened her eyes wide and nodded quickly.

"Yes? OK! I will do it, so please try a little harder."

"... ... Don't make the old man's wit ugly. Anyway, you must be a valuable person. Let's try as far as we can."

"thank you! thank you!"

As Amy repeatedly expressed her gratitude, the wizard casting Purify clicked her tongue and scolded her colleague.

"Hey, if you make such a harsh joke, it will be used."

"Did you know it would be like this?"

"No, I remember clearly that your first love was the ugliest of uglies."

The two old men giggled. As an unofficial 9th ??grade wizard, he hadn't seen the light of day in his entire life, but it felt like his blood was boiling for the first time in a long time.

"Shall we go with full power for the first time in a while?"

As the recovery magic was amplified, Shirone's body shone brightly.

The wizards on Canis' side, who had a competitive spirit, also strengthened their magic to avoid losing to them.

After preparing for the operation, the surgeon gave instructions to Tess.

"Come on, lay it over here. There will be a lot of blood, so prepare plenty of towels."

Tess moved Lian's body to the center of the bed with tears pouring out of her nose. Then the congressman took out a longsaw that made him feel bloody from his bag.

I lost consciousness and didn't even need anesthesia. Even if I was awake anyway, the pain was not tolerable with local anesthesia.

=======================================
[222] 1. Memories of Galliant (2)





"I will finish it as soon as possible. Don't worry. Because at one time, I even took a class."

Surgeons who perform surgical operations use schema differently from family medicine. The doctor was also able to cut the bone quickly because the basic schema was possible.

"I will begin. You might have a seizure, so hold on tight."

Tess nodded while crying. Amy and Arin, who watched the scene, could not say anything.

If I had chosen myself, I would have run away. At least it was Tess, so it was a decision she made with the determination to take responsibility for Lian's life for the rest of her life.

"Whoa! Whoa! Then let's begin!"

"Stop it."

Hearing the voice he heard the moment he put the longsaw on his shoulder, the congressman turned around in amazement.

Shirone, who had regained consciousness, was getting down from the bed. The exhausted recovery mages lay on the floor gasping for breath.

"Tess, what are you doing? Why do you want to cut off Lian's arm?"

"Shirone, Shirone... ... ."

Tess burst into tears. Now, unable to decide what decision to make and leaving everything to the flow of the situation, Shirone's recovery is like rain during a drought.

"Shirone, what should I do? I'm going to cut Lian's arm off. Lian is now... ... ."

"no. Cutting off his arm would ruin Lian's life."

"But then you die! Lian is dead!"

"Even if I die, I can't do it. I won't allow it."

Shirone's words became daggers and pierced Tess' chest.

Of course, Shirone is Lian's owner. Even if Lian died, he would not resent Shirone.

But then who knows what your heart is?

"Tess, change your mind. Lian wouldn't want it."

"Know! I also want Lian to become the best swordsman! But that's important to Lian, not to me! I don't care if you don't have an arm!"

"Where are such cruel words! Can you say the same in front of Lian?"

"That's what you're going to do! I lost consciousness, so I'll do whatever I want! Lian will now throw away the sword. So give up too! Senator, please start quickly!"

"You're holding a sword!"

Turning to Lian, Tess' face went pale.

"Look at Lian! You're still holding the sword! You're still fighting with only bones left! But are you going to cut it? No one can tell Lian to give up until Lian gives up!"

Tess looked at Lian's arm.

Why don't you let go of the sword? Are you saying that you will remain Shirone's sword until the moment you die? Then he wouldn't be able to monopolize him for the rest of his life.

But it didn't matter. Because that's Lian. Because that's Lian... ... .

"I love you so much."

Tess buried her face in Lian's chest.

will not cure If he holds the sword until the last moment, he will be a swordsman even after death.

A weak voice escaped Lian's mouth.

"frame... ... S... ... ."

Tess' head flashed.

"Lian! I'm here! Do you come to your senses? Does it hurt a lot?"

"Shirone, Shirone is... ... ."

"It's fine! You're back safely! This is Jess' house! You are the most slanderous!"

Lian tossed and turned and raised her upper body. As he turned to his bony right arm, his friends' hearts sank.

"What is this?"

Contrary to expectations, Lian did not raise an eyebrow. Being able to stay calm while looking at her broken arm was superhuman.

Tess realized Shirone was right. he knew How much determination Lian had carved into his sword from the day he took the oath to become a knight.

"What's wrong with my arm? How did you get so broken?"

Lian was just offended. The nerves were gone, so there was no pain. It didn't feel like the hand holding his sword belonged to him.

"Lian, over there... ... ."

At that moment, the greatsword fell from Lian's arm. The bones of five of his fingers were spread out and blood gushed from his shoulder.

"Lian! Lian!"

The senator shouted, pressing Lian's shoulder.

"The bleeding has started! Come on, get the hemostatic and bandage!"

Nobody moved.

The senator was glaring at them with lifeless eyes when he heard a strange sound from Lian's arm.

snip snip

It sounded like a slimy liquid splashing around.

The senator turned his head and, like everyone else, looked at Lian's arm devastatedly.

The blood dripping from his shoulder took shape.

It is impossible. Even a recovery-type wizard could not cause changes in the blood's character.

"Now, what about you... ... ."

Lian calmly watched his arm recover. Little by little, as her nerves recovered, she felt that it was her own arm. As he carefully examined each muscle fiber, he asked his friends.

"What happened? Someone please explain."

"You ate the giant's arm. You cut off the giant's arm, and the giant fed you. It turned into something like the liquid used in Ilhwa's sake and went down my throat."

"You cut off your arm? of a giant?"

It was only a fragmentary image that couldn't be called a memory, but the scene of cutting Ymir's arm came to mind vaguely.

'Still, I ate one shot.'

When I applied strength to my arm, I felt a powerful force. Is this also the secret of Ilhwa's drinking?

At that moment, the hall became quiet. When Lian turned around, everyone had their chins hanging down.

"what's the matter? Like people seeing muscles for the first time."

"Are you really okay? Your skin seems to be regenerating right now?"

"Right. I'm okay."

Shirone shouted.

"It's not like that, you idiot! You are asking how this is possible!"

"I don't know. I guess it's because it just happened like this."

No matter how bold you are, shouldn't you be suspicious of your own body? Maybe it's not bold, maybe it's just stupid.

"done! You're awake!"

The wizards in charge of Canis shouted.

Raising her upper body, Kanis looked around with her eyelids half-closed and said with a frown.

"shut up. I'm going to die of sleep, so don't wake me up."

Then I lay down on the bed again and fell asleep without knowing the world.

It's a natural reaction since they were plagued by the sleeping horse's objet, but since the situation was the situation, the friends first felt dejected.

Arin stroked Canis' head and whispered.

"Good night, Canis."



@



For three days after returning from heaven, Shirone and the others were treated hospitably by Jis and Yuna.

The average sleep per day was 16 hours, and the job was to sleep, eat, and sleep again.

Early in the evening, when we gathered in the living room to eat, Shirone would tell us what had happened in heaven.

But he kept quiet about the final war.

Lian often broke things with her right arm. It became so powerful that it was out of control. Tess told me that it would take time to develop the small muscles that finely control force.

Tess cleaned and maintained the drone whenever she had time. They didn't let it off their bodies for a second, and even while sleeping, Amy and Arin had to tremble in fear every night as they stroked it while making ghost noises.

Kanis and Arin spent a lot of time talking together. I think I got what I wanted in heaven, but no one told me what it was. However, he honestly confessed that it was his own work that shortened Kadum's lifespan.

Amy walked around with her ancient spirit jack-o'-lantern lit. She pointed to the bouncing sparks and said she was cute, and Lian said her Amy was cuter.

When men and women hung out separately, Amy looked at Shirone for a long time. However, she did not get caught by her friends because of her thorough personality.

Shirone often sat on the sofa and was lost in thought. At such times, the face of Archangel Ikael came to mind first.

Ataraxia's insight was still etched in my head, still warm.

Everyone who left for heaven achieved the desired result, but no one received a gift as great as Shirone.

Canis called it foul play and asked for the secret, but what she didn't know, she didn't know.

'Ikael... ... How are you?'

Metagate had no choice but to leave it in heaven due to the nature of its function. The coordinates were initialized, but if it was heaven's technology, it might find a way to bypass the maze's time and space.

However, at the last moment, Kariel couldn't disobey Ikael's advice. As long as she sides with her humans, the final war won't happen.

On the one hand, I wanted to see you again. When I thought of Peope, who grumbled and was soft on the inside, a longing rushed in.

"Shirone, let's go to sleep. You'd better get some rest until today."

Amy stood there in her pajamas. It was beautiful in the moonlight.

Both of them had been plagued by a sense of duty to talk about something for the past few days. But in the end, they ended up looking at each other and laughing.

"Okay, let's go to sleep."

Shirone entered the room where the men were sleeping. Lian's snoring echoed in a small space like an attic. Beside him, Kanis was asleep with her pillow plugging her ears.

Shirone sat in the corner and stared into the darkness. He shuddered when he thought that everything he had been through was real. Starlight was reflected in the eyes of Shirone, who was smiling nervously.



That night.

Jis, who returned from work at the port, burst open the gate and came in. Then, breathing heavily, I looked around him and ran to the room where the men were sleeping first.

"It's a big deal! wake up! hurry!"

When I opened the door and shouted, Canis's pillow flew in and smacked me in the face. nobody got up There seemed to be nothing big about the yard that had been to heaven.

"Wake up quickly! Don't be angry later!"

Shirone rubbed his eyes and woke up.

"what's the matter? What is it?"

"Quickly wake up the others and come down! We have to leave now!"

Jess didn't even have time to explain, he turned and went down to the first floor. And this time he stormed into the room where the women were sleeping.

"Guys! Wake up! Yuna, hurry up too!"

"Ah, what... ... ."

Amy, who had been in a deep sleep, lay on her face like an animal. Then, when her mind was lit, she immediately realized the situation of her reality, raised her axe eye, and turned her head.

"Hey! What if you sneak into the room where the girl is sleeping! Wanna die?"

"Ahh! Sorry! I'm in too much of a hurry!"

Jess realized his mistake only when he saw the girls in their pajamas. Sleeping with her belly button exposed, Tess was always grown up. But she really didn't have time to delay, so she grabbed Amy's hand and pulled.

"Don't regret it later, wake up!"

"Okay, I got it. Guys, wake up everyone. I guess Jis has something to say."

"Ah, I am tired. What is it?"

Meanwhile, men came down the stairs rubbing their sleepy eyes. Shirone snooped around the women's room, blaming herself for wasting her time sleeping while working on her form late at night.

Arin and Tess were tidying up the blankets while Amy was dragged out by Jis with sleepy eyes.

"I know you'll get angry if it's not really a big deal. I'm going to hit you even if you enter the room."

"However much! Once you hear it, you will change your mind!"

After twists and turns, everyone gathered in the living room.

Jess started talking while thinking about what timing to say so that his friends would die of a heart attack.

"Do you know what day it is today?"

"do not know. Is it your birthday?"

"no! It comes back once every 10 years... ... !"

At that moment, Yuna, who woke up late, hurriedly jumped out of the women's room and shouted.

"brother! Kaios! Kaios!"

Shirone tilted her head and asked.

"What is Chaos?"

Do not lose to Yuna, Jis shouted louder.

"Water Dragon! The water dragon, Kaios, is coming here!"



@



"Mister, please go a little faster!"

The wagon carrying Shirone and the others galloped toward the port.

Amy bit her lip nervously. She didn't even have time to get ready, so she was still in her pajamas.

=======================================
[223] 1. Memories of Galliant (3)





"Isn't it already too late? I heard you only stay for 10 minutes?"

"That's why I said I had to wake up quickly. I forgot because I was too busy taking care of you. I figured it out because the number of tourists didn't decrease even at night."

"Ah, please."

The water dragon Chaios is known to travel across three oceans across the equator over a period of 10 years.

It takes about 10 minutes to settle on Galliant Island, and the number of tourists who come to see the dragon reached a whopping 2,000.

When we arrived at the port, it was so full of people that there was no room to squeeze in. It seemed impossible to get to the dock on foot.

Someone shouted 10 minutes left.

Kanis, who was estimating the proportion of darkness in the surrounding space, grabbed Arin's hand.

"Then, excuse us."

The two quickly disappeared under the shadows. If you cast Dark Fort, you could go to your destination without being noticed.

Shirone and the others were dazed. Amy, in particular, slammed her fists and cursed Kanis' looks. Hearing the names and parts of the animals being described, he seemed quite resentful.

"What do we do? Is there any way to get inside?"

"I'll talk to the people on the port side. wait."

Amy caught Jess as she tried to run to the management office.

"Well, it's already too late. Can't we just watch it here?"

Someone shouted that they had 5 minutes left.

At that moment, flashes of light erupted from the end of the crowd and began to embroider the night sky with light. They were wizards from the continent who came to see Kaios.

Shirone and Amy looked back at each other and smiled.

"great! let's go!"

Shirone and the others, who flew up by teleportation, naturally blended into the flash. How do you know who is a student and who is a wizard in a situation like this?

Contrary to the expectation that the breakwater side would be the most crowded, most people gathered outside the dock.

Although Kaios did not harm anyone on Galliant Island, it seemed that he was afraid of dragons.

On the other hand, wizards and swordsmen who were accustomed to fighting to the death were gathered inside the dock.

It was possible to realize how popular dragons were with the population density of trained people, which can only be seen in the capital's mercenary market.

"Hey, I've got a seat for you."

Canis, who arrived first, greeted her friends without changing a single expression. Amy rolled up her arms and walked over.

"You traitor! Are you running away to live alone?"

"Is there a need to come out until you live and die? You can come and see."

At that moment, people shouted.

Realizing what had happened without seeing it, Shirone and the others immediately turned around and ran to the tip of the dock.

A huge barrier of water was pushing in from the distant sea. Judging by its size and speed, it was more than enough to submerge a port.

"Huh? uh uh uh?"

Shirone and the others were stunned. As the tsunami approached 200 meters away, I was out of breath.

Just when I thought I was going to be swept away, a huge object rose vertically from the water.

The shape of the water collapsed, and a huge waterway weighing thousands of tons was drawn by Caios and gushed out.

"Aaaaaa! Aww!"

Shirone and the others screamed as if they were electrocuted. The dragon raised the entire sea. It was a magical power with no end in sight.

The ascending waterway spread like a fountain 300 meters in the sky, creating dozens of arches.

Kaios, who had trapped himself in an arch with a radius of more than 1 kilometer, showed off his overwhelming appearance.

Oh oh oh oh oh!

A sad and beautiful cry embroidered the sea.

At that moment, a light burst from behind Shirone. People were aiming cylindrical devices at the water dragon and shooting light at it.

"Why are you doing that? Are you attacking me?"

Jis laughed at Shirone's innocent words.

"No, that is an optical camera. It is said to be a device that can contain light as it is, but it is extremely expensive. But on a day like today, it sells like hot cakes. There are even professional photographers traveling around the world taking only kaios."

As Kaios showed off his elegant flight as if he were swimming, large firecrackers prepared by the Galliant Autonomous Government filled the sky.

According to Jess, the revenue from tourism is huge, so he spares no money.

Watching the dragon swimming between the flames of firecrackers permeate the arch made of water columns was the sweetest thing the eyes could taste.

Amy looked back at Jess with sparkling eyes.

"Thank you, Jess. This alone is worth coming to the island."

"Hehe, you promised. I'll give you a proper tour."

Tess was stimulated by the sight of Canis and Arin holding hands affectionately. Thinking she couldn't miss such a good opportunity, she slipped into her arms and hugged Lian.

"What, what is it? What are you doing all of a sudden?"

Tess's eyes widened in bewilderment as Lian hated it, as if it were an insect.

"Hey, isn't that too much? No matter how hideous I am, would I be worse than your forearm?"

"Oh, no, this is not like that. I was really surprised."

Normally, I would have been upset with the feeling of disappointment, but the spectacular scenery on the sea was so splendid and beautiful that I even forgot such feelings.

The water dragon turned to the audience as if to say goodbye. The arch spread rapidly toward the distant sea, and 12 firecrackers exploded in a row like a silver tray.

Tess started to cry.

"Ugh, I don't know... ... ."

The friends looked back in amazement. Especially, Lian, who has a stabbing problem, couldn't hide her embarrassment.

"Why, why? It's not because I really hate it. Because it was so sudden... ... ."

"Be quiet, fool. I mean it's fine What should I do now?"

The hearts of her friends were no different from Tess.

"You have to go back tomorrow. I hate breaking up. Would I rather be a wizard too? Then you will always see them at school."

"What do you mean? Tess, of course, should be a prosecutor. We can meet anytime after graduation."

At Shirone's consolation, Tess nodded in succession. Then he called Amy and Arin and held his hands.

"We even wrote letters to each other. huh? I will keep in touch."

Arin pointed at herself.

"Me too?"

"of course! You are a member of the heavenly faction! Where in the world do you think there is a friendship that is stronger than this?"

Amy remembered the day she first met Tess.

There were awkward times, but now I loved doing things with her. There would be no one in the world who would not love Tess, who is just and warm-hearted.

"yes. We will definitely see you again. Only women at that time."

"great! With this, the Heaven Sect is formed!"



Shirone and the others headed home.

As it was a special day, shops were open 24 hours a day, but I wanted to spend the last part of my vacation with friends.

Upon arriving home, Jis found a letter in the mailbox.

"what? Is this a letter from the captain? came to you?"

"Who is Marsha?"

On the day I arrived in heaven, I couldn't even say goodbye properly because my physical condition wasn't normal. He fell into a deep sleep and woke up after the parrot mercenaries had already left the island.

Shirone opened the letter and read for a while.

"haha! As expected, Marsha's older sister!"

Amy's eyes narrowed slightly.

"what? What is it about?"

"yes? Oh, nothing."

"this! don't give it up sooner? Why, even a love letter?"

When Amy tried to take it away, Shirone obediently put the letter in her hand.

Then, what was more embarrassing was Amy's side.

"What, what? What if I give it for real? If it's important, don't look at it... ... ."

"no. It will be fine. maybe."

If it's okay, it's okay, but what does it mean? After reading her letter with a grunt, Amy tilted her head.

Nothing was written on the paper.

"what is this? Is it just a blank sheet?"

"right. But you left a letter."

Tess smiled knowingly.

"I see. I left you a letter."

Shirone looked at the distant sky. Her blank paper contained all the words she wanted to convey.

this is marsha someday we will meet again

'I'll write a letter when I get back.'

He wished Marsha good fortune in the future.

2. Waiting for school to open (1)





Back home, Shirone had a good time with his parents and wrote letters to his friends whenever he had free time.

Marsha conveyed her feelings with blank paper, but her wit was unmatched. So she filled the content more carefully.

"I wrote everything. Now all we have to do is send it."

I was thinking of going to the city tomorrow and sending a letter. By the time the letters reached their friends, vacation was coming to an end. After returning from heaven, I realized the preciousness of everyday life. I wanted to go back to school as soon as possible and meet my friends.

"Shirone, come down and eat."

"Yes, I will go now."

Hearing her mother's voice from the first floor, Shirone blew out the candle and left the room.



@



capital Baska.

Mercodyne's sister-in-law located in the royal castle management area.

On a shabby table unsuitable for a first-class aristocrat, there was an unknown grass side dish that would be chewed by a seeker.

Iruki's mother hated it, but the rich man and child of Mercodine enjoyed a simple meal. It's because I didn't like the feeling of fullness after eating meat that dulled my thoughts.

Iruki ate the rice with a fork and occasionally chewed greens.

In the seat across from him, a man who looked just like Iruki, with only a few wrinkles on it, was eating.

Iruki's father and an albino Mercody who serves as the head of the dragon. He was not a Servant, but he was knowledgeable enough to say that no one in the world knew what he did not know.

The albino asked at an odd timing.

"What's going on with the entropy problem?"

"I think I managed to solve it."

Iruki answered without even raising his head. The relationship between the two is not bad, but I thought that I needed only my ears and mouth to listen to the question and answer it.

After eating, the albino put down the tableware and asked.

"Iruki, how many is 1 plus 1?"

"Two."

"no. 3."

Iruki raised his head for the first time. This situation was when eyes were needed.

"No, it's two."

"Then try making it three."

"why?"

The albino shrugged.

"Doesn't it matter?"

"is that so?"

"Prove it and bring it. If you can do this, you will get closer to the answer you are looking for. This is the last homework for this vacation."

"I think it will take at least six days."

The albino's eyes shone.

"Hoho, are you getting the hang of it already?"

"Nope. Father is going on a business trip in 5 days."

Iruki ate rice again. One by one, one by one. If you only have the minimum amount of energy to activate your brain, satiety is your enemy. During his vacation, he turned his head without resting even for a second, and it felt like the Servant's brain was overloaded.

The albino opened his mouth belatedly.

"Don't check. Believe that you did it and go."

"This is the first time I know my father trusts me."

The albino laughed. Even if you can't unlock the Akashic Records within 6 days, it doesn't matter. His son, who calculated the duration of his business trip first, was just proud.

"No knowledge can beat wisdom. Let's say you win."

"I really enjoyed the meal."

Iruki bowed his head and put away the tableware. While the albino was drinking tea and reading the newspaper, he finished washing the dishes and was about to turn around when the butler entered.

"Brother, a letter has arrived. This is Ariane Shirone."

"uh? Shirone?"

As Iruki ran towards him, the albino pretended to read the newspaper and secretly looked at his son.

Ariane Shirone. It was the word that came out the most with a total of 3,742 in the mouth of my son who returned from this semester.

In his opinion, Iruki is a good timber. He has the power of a genius and is rich in human emotions.

When I was young, I suffered because of that tendency, but my son who came back after finishing this semester was different.

He was no longer afraid of his own talent, and a boy named Shirone would have played an important role in it.

=======================================
[224] 2. Waiting for school to open (2)





"haha! It's Shirone. What kind of letter is this long?"

The bright smile of his son was a sight rarely seen at home. After declaring defeat, he lowered the newspaper and asked Iruki.

"Is that the kid you mentioned?"

"Yes, I sent you a letter. He writes very well."

"If you are that friendly, call me home. Unlocker, I want to meet you once."

"... ... OK. I will speak."

There was no soul in Iruki's answer. Introducing Shirone wasn't a problem, but introducing her eccentric father to friends was a huge problem.

'In six days, father.'



@



The central city of Sadia is the area where the largest number of local nobles live in Tormia.

Like the famous grain belt, the finances were solid, so few forces advanced outside, but the internal competition to occupy the territory was fierce, so the rank changed frequently. Nade's family, the West, was no exception.

During vacation, Nade almost lived in the studio. His eyes, which had been up all night already for the second day, were sunken.

The workshop looked like an extended version of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. Tools of unknown use were rolling around the floor, and on the table was the engine part of the engine unit.

"Whoa, shall we end here today?"

The season passed into autumn, but the workplace was sweltering. As he took off his jacket, a scar was revealed that ran diagonally across his back. It was an old wound, but sometimes it throbbed unbearably.

Nade pulled up a tent and covered the table. If the family found out, there would be an uproar over spending money on useless things.

Although now in ruins, three generations ago, half of Sadia's granary belonged to the West family.

Nade didn't hear the reason for Gasse's strength. But after he lived 17 years, he seemed to have no particular reason. He is simply exhausted.

"Nade, Nade."

When I returned to the mansion, I heard a voice that made my heart stop.

It's ironic that the main character of the voice is his mother, but to Nade, she was the scariest thing in the world.

"Yes, mother."

"Didn't you say you were good at handling machines? Go to the Jones family and fix some things."

"I'll close my eyes for a bit and go."

My mother's impression was crumpled like a monster. It was like a lock that kept Nade stuck.

When I was little, I used to fight against my mother. However, she became the world's pervert because she harmed herself.

You can't beat a mother who hurts her body. There is no child in the world who overcomes their parents.

"It's because I'm tired. I haven't slept for two days."

"What the hell are you doing, Annie? It's not like going out to make money, but it's not helping the family either. I didn't tell you not to sleep, so why can't you go?"

Nade caught the muscles in his face contorting. I didn't want her face to be the same as her mother's.

"Don't you see how hard your mother lives? Do you know how much money she spends sending her to the high school of magic? I'd rather get out of this house than that. Because her mother doesn't seem to be able to support her anymore."

Nade thought about when she had taken care of him. But she has no memory of that. Only the throbbing wounds carved on her back.

No one in the West family was willing to make even the slightest trade with their wealth. they do nothing because you've never done anything

"I'm sorry, Mom. OK. I will come and go."

Burning pain came from Nade's wounds. But I couldn't express myself. Her family doesn't budge on her. No, she avoids it because she doesn't want to deal with it.

Then, on a day when she harms herself, all the family's annoyance pours out on Nade.

When I was young, I didn't know why I had to suffer. But what I've come to realize over the course of my life is that there is no such thing as a reason.

Nade's family left everything to others, and he was the only one who knew he shouldn't be.

"Go quickly before the sun goes down. The Jones family is looking for someone to check the boiler. Would you like to try something like a mechanic?"

"I think I will be able to graduate soon. Please let me graduate from school first."

"Is that school a parasite that only sucks money without teaching? I'd rather die."

Nade wanted to understand his mother.

I got married into a rich family, but the whole family is spending money, so it must be heartbreaking.

But no matter how much I thought about it, I couldn't find a reason why I should be a boiler repairman for them.

Hot breath escaped from between Ned's teeth as his mother returned to the mansion.

It felt like killing intent formed in every single cell. little bit more... ... If it accumulates a little more, it explodes.

"Bocchan, the letter... ... Hee!"

The butler, who had been running, turned pale. Nade, who finally came to her senses, shook her head. A second wave of pain came over her when she realized that her mother's face was also inside her.

"Oh, I can't sleep. what's the matter?"

"Open, the letter... ... . It's Aryan Shirone."

"what? Shirone?"

Nade's face brightened at once. Immediately snatching the letter, he read the letters written in Shirone's handwriting.

The moment I read the phrase "I want to see you," my heart filled with sadness and tears welled up in my eyes.

"Wait a minute, Shirone! I'll be going soon!"

Nade grabbed the letter and left the mansion. In the future, the Jones family will not need to repair their boilers for another 10 years.



@



Seriel's family, the home of Fortress, was in Creas City, just like Amy.

Although the rank of nobility was not very high, it was known in the kingdom as a prestigious family that produced many great doctors.

At school, she is the best friend of model student Amy, but at home, she is a spoiled brat who puts her younger brother, an aspiring doctor, at the forefront and falls behind.

Today, she has been hiding for the third day, avoiding her mother's nagging. The room of her younger brother, who was expected to become her future top doctor, was a nag-free zone away from her family.

"Sobbing! What should I do. It's so moving."

Seriel, who was reading a love story under the blanket, couldn't stand it and burst into tears.

My younger brother, Vail, sitting at the desk, was on the verge of madness.

"Ah, a bit noisy! I'm studying! Now go to your sister's room! Or it sucks or not."

Seriel embraced a novel that ended in tragedy and savored the afterglow. In my own evaluation, it was one of the top stories among the novels I read during vacation.

"It was such a sad love story. Ah, where is there a man like Joseph?"

Bale stopped taking notes and looked up.

"there is."

"really? who?"

"Josef."

"This is going to get scolded! Are you kidding your sister?"

"Why? If you're not in reality, you have to hold on to the characters and live with them, keukkeuk."

Seriel glared at the back of her sister's head and pursed her lips. He didn't get mad because he'd been owed a few days and he was very much trying to get on top of his head.

At that time, the door opened and a letter fell out along with Mom's nagging voice.

"The letter has arrived! I won't tell you to study, so don't disturb my sister and come out. If you're going to play, you might as well wash up. Are you going to get married or go with that? Tsk tsk."

Seriel pursed her lips and crawled under the bed.

It was said to be a letter, so I thought it was from Amy, but when I looked at the sender, it was an unexpected person.

"uh? It's Shirone! Shirone!"

Seriel quickly opened the envelope and read it. His eyes quickly became lovely. Smelling the scent of the paper, she muttered as she held the letter in her arms.

"Ah, is there no man like Shirone?"

Bale's eyes widened as he was eagerly reading.

'Shirone is a real person, you idiot. I can go and date her.'

These words reached her throat, but she wouldn't hear a word from her. It was clear that I was crazy after digging through novels for several days.



@



Creas Municipal Training Grounds.

Mark paid the expensive entrance fee and entered the training ground. He was already excited when he and Maria succeeded in getting promoted early and was assigned to Class Six from the next semester.

'Finally, I also have a junior in the advanced class.'

If I hadn't met Shirone, this day wouldn't have come. After losing at the Uncrossable Bridge, he was able to achieve his desired goal thanks to his constant efforts with Shirone as his role model.

"Hey, Maria."

"I'm here? Did you come earlier today than yesterday?"

Mark laughed when Maria, who was waiting first at the training ground, joked and scolded him. She was depressed to the point of endangering her students by activating the engine device of the bridge that could not be crossed, but her personality brightened a lot when she became Sade's apprentice.

"Sorry. Dad noticed There are many good teachers in the Magic Association, so why go out and train?"

"but. The Slider family is in the Magic Association. Is it really okay if we continue together?"

"No problem. He's a man who would do it again."

Mark winked and raised his thumb. In fact, he had barely escaped by starving until morning. At some point, a 15-year-old boy began to see his 19-year-old sister as a woman.

'Even if I'm crazy, I'm firmly crazy. I thought to bully such a cute older sister.'

"Howdy! did you wait long? sorry I am late."

When THAAD came running from the entrance of the training ground, Mark's expression deteriorated. He was none other than his own chief competitor. It's funny that a teacher and a student are playing tug-of-war over a woman, but the problem is that a 26-year-old man and a 19-year-old woman are fine, and Sade doesn't seem to like it either.

Whether or not she knew Mark's feelings, Maria greeted Sade with a more friendly smile than anyone else.

"No. We just arrived."

"yes. I was a little late to see the principal off."

"Oh, where did the headmaster go?"

"yes. There are some things like that. Anyway, sorry for making you wait so long."

Left out of the conversation, Mark felt uncomfortable. He had grown tired of Sade's love for women, but he was particularly fond of Maria.

Then Maria clapped her hands and pulled out a letter from her bag.

"Oh right! did you see this A letter came from Shirone-senpai."

"uh? Shirone-senpai? Didn't you come to me?"

"Maybe he came. I also took it with me on the way out. I haven't even read it yet."

Maria proudly waved the envelope, took out the letter, and read it. Her expression melted at the content that her tenderness was buried in every phrase.

"Oh, what a wonderful person. You are strong yet kind. How good would it be for Amy-senpai to go out with Shirone-senpai?"

There was a strange tension on Sade's face.

To be honest, he was 70% sure that Maria was in love with him. But now that she heard it, she wondered if it might just be her simple admiration.

When Sade was depressed, Mark was exhilarated.

Most female juniors talked like Maria, so Shirone didn't get jealous.

Above all, isn't there an insurmountable barrier called Amy standing by Shirone's side?

'great! The goal of following Shirone-senpai's footsteps has become even stronger!'

THAAD, nervous, set out to make up for it.

"haha! right. Shirone is not cool. But don't you usually prefer older people? If not, they should be at least the same age. Aren't young men no fun?"

Mark took it in stride.

"Where is that word? Love has no borders, what does age matter?"

"I am more important than borders. Shall we ask Maria then? Which one will you choose, older or younger?"

Maria put her chin on her chin and pondered, then mischievously stuck out her tongue and evaded an answer.

"Huh, well?"

Mark and Sade, who had high expectations, collapsed. Perhaps she wondered if she was the true master of wheat and sugar.

After all, I couldn't pay the expensive admission fee and chat. Mark and Maria warmed up their minds with a sequence ceremony before entering the full-scale class. Meanwhile, Sade looked up at the sky and thought of Shirone.

'Vacation is now over. What kind of accident are you going to cause when you come back?'

The course Shirone has taken right after entering the magic academy is clearly unique even in the history of the academy.

But that's why I was anxious.

It depended on what kind of answer Master would receive, but if he didn't accept it, it would be completely different from his school life so far.

'It won't be easy this time, Shirone.'

=======================================
[225] 2. Waiting for school to open (3)





@



capital Baska.

The Jerome family was one of the most powerful families in the kingdom as a family of educators who had produced great teachers for generations.

When asked who is higher than the king, the joke of answering that he is the king's teacher is not so wrong.

Even if they gathered only the disciples they raised, there would be no difficulty in managing a nation.

Arriving at the home of the Jerome family, Alpheas was guided by the butler and walked through the corridor built in an ancient style.

They had known each other for 30 years, but it was the first time he had visited her room.

When the butler opened the door, a splendid view greeted him.

The floor was so clean that you could see your face through it, and all kinds of antiques were placed on the shelves divided into three levels along the wall.

There was a leopard rug spread on the north side, enough for 10 people to lie down on, but it must be genuine because it hates fakes. However, it was questionable whether such a large tiger existed in the world.

The woman was sitting on a sofa on a leopard rug. She's in her 50s, but even though she's in her 30s, she's young enough to believe.

She's still beautiful, but she was really amazing when she was younger. No matter how fresh and tidy she was, her men hadn't even talked to her easily.

"If you come, close the door and sit down. Are you standing there blankly just because you saw something? It's still stupid."

Alpheas couldn't hold back his laughter.

The temper to put down all the men in the world was still the same. Her voice, resounding like that of a oriole, was still the same, and it felt like she had gone back in time.

"No, it's just because it's strange. When I asked what kind of place he lives, it seems that he has transferred his temper."

"It's a shameless nonsense to break into someone else's house and leave it. How could a country boy like you know the value of my stuff?"

Carpets will obviously be of the highest quality. So, Alpheas stepped on the carpet with his shoes on.

It was a good opportunity to play as the person who made her, who is said to have the highest nose in the world, hold on to her by the crotch of her pants.

She didn't blame Alpheas. Contrary to expectations, however, she had an expression of absurdity.

"What are you doing now? Oh, done. Just tell me what's going on."

Alpheas playfully tore his mouth. It was the same as it was 30 years ago.

Jerome Olivia.

Appreciation of the current teachers' council to a certified second-class archmage. In addition, four years ago, he had served as the principal of the Royal Magic School.

"Do you have any business? There was no response, so I came to see you."

"What about me? Why are you asking me to train after you got into an accident and got your teaching job suspended? Principal of a rural magic school? A six-month temporary job?"

"It's not necessarily nailed down like that. You can stay if you want more."

"so why? Why do I have to leave this nice house and go down to the provinces?"

"It would be nice to have a leisurely cup of tea while growing old together."

Olivia showed cold anger. Then she looked more like the way she looked when she was younger.

"Aren't you misunderstanding something? It was 30 years ago that I fell in love with you. Besides, you wouldn't have forgotten what you did to me? Above all, you are no longer cool."

"haha! It happened. But you are still pretty."

Olivia gritted her teeth. This is why I hate men. He is a child who acts as if he has everything he gave his heart to once.

It was disgusting to see him laughing shamelessly at the subject of being an unemployed man who had nothing to offer because he had been stripped of his principalship.

"What the hell are you, are you so confident? I am a certified second-class archmage who served as the principal of the Royal Magic School. You are a 4th level wizard and the principal of a country school. Even if I make money, I earn more and I get more respect. Why can you be so shameless about the subject you came to ask for?"

"Hmm, well? Is it because you like me?"

"mi... ... friend... ... bloke."

Olivia's face flushed. She's all old and she's spouting goosebumps. Have you heard the late wind because you're old? She was babbling words that she hadn't even put in her mouth before.

"Tell me honestly. It was because I was afraid that I would be sad if I showed a servile side after seeing him for the first time in a while."

"Oh, not at all? I've imagined you coming to me and kneeling so many times."

Alpheas smiled bitterly. Well, in retrospect, she must have hurt her more than she did.

"great. If you say that, please be cool. Can I get down on my knees here?"

Olivia responded with a snort. What's the point of kneeling now and her?

"What are you doing these days? Jobs are also cut. Is it really late wind?"

"I just read books and go for walks. I also talk about things with Erina."

Olivia's pupils were shocked for the first time.

Alfeas' first and last love. Erina still lived in his heart.

'I still can't forget you. A fool in the world.'

After 10 years of wandering after the loss of his wife, Alfeas returned and became a pupil of young Olivia with the dream of becoming a teacher. As much as she was a rare genius who established the photon theory, she taught Olivia with her affection.

Affection. That was the problem. He shouldn't have accepted him as a disciple because he was older, more talented, and above all, handsome.

Unable to control her growing love, Olivia eventually confessed her love to Alfeas.

However, Alpheas, who could not forget his wife, refused with a single knife, and her life changed 180 degrees after that day. It wasn't once or twice that she stayed up all night with her tears in her crumpled pride.

What really upset me was the pitiful feeling of having the man I loved taken away by a woman who didn't exist in the world.

The burning love in my 20s was invisible. In the end, he even committed an act of damaging Erina's painting in front of Alpheas.

For the first time, Olivia felt Alpheas' life. She grabbed the crotch of her pants and begged her, but from that day on, Alfeas didn't even treat her as her own person.

I would rather have stopped there. But Olivia at the time was so desperate and passionate. She didn't have the courage to give up her first love.

But that didn't work. Visiting Alfeas' room that night was the mistake of his whole life.

"Don't get me wrong, Alfeas. It's not because of you that I'm not married. It's just that being a man is annoying."

"So, are you collecting strange things? Olivia, there is no human being who does not want love."

"It is a low feeling. The reason I courted her in the past was because of her pride. Because I was possessed by a dead woman and didn't even pay attention to it."

"suddenly... ... It reminds me of what happened that night."

Olivia's face turned pale.

"Come to my room and take off your clothes... ... ."

"stop!"

Olivia held out her hand and shouted. It's been 30 years, but it's as vivid as if it were yesterday. It was the first and last time she showed herself naked to a man.

At that time, he wanted to win Alfeas' heart. But he didn't even listen to my request to hug him just once.

'Bad child... ... .'

Even thinking about it now, I was so sad that I was in tears.

To brag about the most embarrassing thing in your life. Why does it always have to be the woman who suffers?

'I can't forgive you. I will definitely make you regret it.'

After failing to get the head start, Olivia decided to get down to business and picked up the briefcase lying on the sofa.

"great. I'll see you somewhere."

The document contained information about Alpheas Magic School.

"Alpheas Magic School. Ranked 4th among the 5 most prestigious schools of magic. Ranked 11th among all special purpose schools. Pretty good for a jerk. When the school opened, it was really hard to see."

"I was lucky. There were many good disciples."

Olivia wanted to ram the smirking Alpheas in the head like she did when she was a priest.

"I heard about it. There is a child named Shirone?"

"You did a lot of research. Did you intend to agree from the start?"

"I think about it on my own, and what I'm curious about is that I only hit it in the beginning and came up. Looking at the achievements of the past 10 years alone, it is at a moderate level among the top 5 prestigious schools."

"I did my best to help students learn in a good environment. Wouldn't that be enough? School rankings don't matter."

"haha! It's still boring."

Olivia loosened her crossed legs and pushed her upper body out.

"great. 6 months. I'll take care of it. I will make it even more prestigious than now."

"Hoo? What an ominous sound I was listening to. If you do, I will be grateful."

"There are conditions instead."

Alpheas smiled with one eyebrow raised. He didn't even expect from the beginning that he would do a favor for nothing in return.

"There are students I taught when I was the principal of the Royal Magic School. Transfer them to your school. Here's your profile."

Alpheas put off answering and took the profile first.

They were two 17-year-old boys and girls of the same age, and they had outstanding grades at the Royal Magic School, the most prestigious in the kingdom.

As I flipped through the three profiles one by one, Alfeas' eyes widened in the last chapter.

"Dante? Is that the Dante I know?"

Olivia covered her mouth and laughed.

"Ho Ho! I am a student who deserves to attend your school. But now that I'm the principal, so what?"

Alpheas blinked like an idiot. He didn't know that Olivia of the world would put forth all his might like this.

Olivia pointed to Alfeas and declared.

"Transfer Air servant Dante and two others. That is my condition."



@



Five wizards ran through the rough mountains.

It was a young party composed of people in their early to mid-twenties, and all were majors in their respective fields who had obtained official licenses.

The location of the raid was the hideout of bandits who had settled in the mountains near the capital, and it was a force that could not be overlooked called bounty rank B.

If you defeat the bandits, you can get fame and rewards, but the reason they climbed the mountain today was different.

"Why are you so quiet? Aren't you already dead? No matter how cheap they are, they are kids."

"huh! does it matter We didn't even kill it. you were there too how much they ignored us. Is it all about the Royal Magic School?"

"right. No matter how immature he is, ignoring a certified wizard who is active in the field. Kids these days are so arrogant. You have to burn it once to come to your senses."

When I arrived at the hideout, it was as quiet as a dead mouse.

When I opened the door with a sense of wonder, an amazing sight unfolded. Up to 40 B-class bandits were all spread out on the floor.

The students sitting at the round table greeted them.

"what? Are you late? You've been waiting for a long time."

The mercenaries were at a loss for words. I was only 10 minutes late from the starting line. It was impossible at the student level to destroy the B-class bandits within it.

"You, what the hell are you?"

"Are you serious about trivial things? The adults are embarrassing. Kick kick!"

The boy, uncharacteristically tall and muscular for a wizard, burst into laughter.

It was Bonifar Closer, a student at the Royal Academy of Magic.

His face was sharp, with tanned skin, and his black-brown hair that was swept back stood up like a porcupine.

"Knock-knock! He said something like that a few days ago. Didn't you come late on purpose because you were scared?"

A cat-like girl, Victor Savina, laughed and mocked the mercenaries. Although she was short for her age, she was well-developed and her waistline was narrow as if tied with a rope.

The mercenaries gritted their teeth. It was humiliating for an incumbent wizard to lose to a student. Above all, it was a matter that could lead to being kicked out of the mercenary industry if the facts were known.

"Do you think it's time to admit it? Did we win?"

Airhain Dante, the originator of all these incidents, said. He was a handsome man with gray hair reminiscent of a rain cloud and a ferocious yet intelligent appearance.

The mercenaries bowed their heads. The most important thing for a current mage is reputation and achievements. What client would pay money to hire a wizard who was defeated by a student?

=======================================
[226] 2. Waiting for school to open (4)





"We lost. Please, keep this a secret."

"Sigh? When did they say they would expel us by flattening the bridge of our noses?"

His body shuddered with humiliation, but the leader of the mercenary army was someone who knew how to face reality.

You have to be patient for the future of yourself and your colleagues.

"sorry! Help me just once! You too will become a wizard. Still, you have a good name, so there's no need to break the rice bowl, right?"

Dante shook his head in dismay.

The mercenaries blushed when they realized what the boy was asking for. In the end, even the four people standing behind me politely bowed and apologized.

"Look at the situation. Shouldn't we also have to eat?"

Finally satisfied, Dante put his hand on the leader's shoulder.

"Do not worry. Because I was free during vacation, I only played for a while. Aren't you too careless anyway? I don't know how he got his official license?"

At that moment, the door opened and a woman entered. The mercenaries reflexively straightened their bent backs and acted as if nothing had happened.

"oh! It's already over. Alas, sorry."

It was a woman with curly bobbed hair stuck to her cheeks. Her playful face made her look as young as in her early twenties, but she was actually over thirty.

"you are... ... A kill line?"

She was a female correspondent who worked in the Academic Journal Compilation Department under the Teachers' Association and traveled to magic schools across the country to write reports.

The articles she writes are included in a magazine called <Spirit>, and since they are distributed to magic schools nationwide, it was only a matter of time before they became famous once published.

"I heard rumors and came here, and you did a great job. Dante, did you make all of this miserable scene with your own hands?"

As Killline showed off her exaggerated gestures, an accompanying photographer took an optical camera.

The mercenaries did not know what to do in the embarrassing situation.

For them, <Spirit> magazine is just a memory, but it was also a major magazine distributed nationwide. If their ugliness was published as an article, it would be a disgrace to the family.

"No. How can you defeat them alone without the help of your seniors? She wanted to do real combat training, so I asked for a favor, and she readily agreed. she learned a lot Thank you, senior."

When Dante turned around, the sad wizards quickly corrected their faces.

"haha! what is this Still, it was great. After all, he's the biggest star in the kingdom, isn't he?"

Killline turned around with her eyes shining.

"oh! Do you know Dante? As expected, the promising prospects that the kingdom boasts are different no matter what. You're still a student, but rumors are spreading even among front-line wizards."

"Sure. Sometimes I talk about Dante with my colleagues. I believe that one day Dante will become a first-class archmage."

Killline meticulously transcribed the leader's interview.

<Spirit> is originally a popular magazine, but on the day an article about Dante is published, the number of copies sold increases 1.5 times.

Dante's appearance was beautiful enough to captivate the hearts of girls, and the jealous attention of men would not be without effect.

'Aww, that's cute. You've grown up really well, our Dante.'

It's safe to say that Killline, who had dedicatedly interviewed Dante since he was a child, was promoted alongside Dante. It was thanks to Dante that he is currently on the rise as the best reporter in the kingdom.

"Now, since the coverage is over, let's go to the after party. I'll shoot you hard at the Teachers' Association!"

When Dante left the hideout, Air servant's butler, who was waiting outside, approached with a box.

"Brother Dante, Olivia sent a package."

"Master? What happened all of a sudden?"

"That's me too... ... . However, the head of the household told me to tell it directly."

Even Dante, who had nothing to fear in the world, would have died at Olivia's horse. He was a teacher and benefactor who recognized her talent from an early age and enrolled her in the Royal Magic School. So did she, as well as her motives, Closer and Sabina.

"okay. Give it to me."

When I received the parcel and unwrapped it, a thick application form came out. As he read each chapter, Dante's brow deepened.

"what? Is it a transfer application?"

Closer and Sabina looked over their shoulders. Dante's profile as well as their own were attached.

The kill line stuck.

"What is it, Dante? huh? What?"

"Um, that... ... This is a transfer application. This time, Master said that she has temporarily assumed the position of principal of a certain school. So, if you want to study together, come... ... ."

Closer said.

"Then you should definitely go. Master is leaving, so can we not follow?"

Sabina said.

"Where is it? Is there no school listed?"

"No, Alpheas Magic School. By the way, where is this school attached?"

Students living in Baska were not interested in local information. The only information that Dante and the others knew was that it was one of the five most prestigious families in the kingdom.

Killline smelled the scoop and her eyes lit up.

"Oh, Alpheas Magic School? Besides, Mr. Olivia is the temporary principal? This is a huge case. Alpheas Magic School is ranked 4th in the magic school hierarchy. It's in Creas City. The most famous graduate is Mikea Gaold, the current head of the Magic Association."

"Oh, Mr. Garold is from here."

He was taken aback when he heard that he was ranked 4th, but when he heard the name Gaold, his eyes changed. If there were only 5 certified first-class archmages in the kingdom, it seemed like they would be able to save face even if they transferred schools.

Closer said.

"Let's go. After all, schools are opening all over the country. I can transfer school accordingly."

"right. Master will also be appointed at that time."

Dante took the letter and entrusted it to Sabina. You will have to meet and hear about the details, and it felt good that something interesting happened to my boring daily life now.

Dante, watching the sunset falling down the mountain, looked back at his friends and smiled.

"Would it be fun? Alpheas Magic School."

3. Where is Shirone? (One)





The second half of Alpheas Magic School has begun.

From the morning, the front gate was filled with people with wagons carrying students.

A rare scene was created in which young students accompanied by their parents were weaving because they did not want to go to school.

On the other hand, adolescent boys crossed the front door with indifferent expressions, as if they were embarrassed to even receive help from a butler.

The entrance ceremony was scheduled for 11:00 am, and the students went back to their lodgings and unpacked their belongings.

Shirone, who arrived early in the morning, put the books he had brought into the bookshelf and arranged clothes and daily necessities.

"Shirone!"

My friends burst open the door and came in.

"Nade! Iruki!"

Shirone also ran away with a big smile. We were only 30 days apart, but it felt like we hadn't seen each other in a year.

A lot of things really happened. What would the two people look like if they knew they had gone to heaven?

They held each other's hands and shouted in unison.

"I had a great job!"

And we stared blankly at each other.

I don't know what happened, but it was predictable that today's day would be short.

"great. Let's set the order. Shirone, tell me first."

"okay. I went to Galliant Island with Amy... ... !"

Suddenly, Ned grabbed his collar.

"What! you then... ... no way... ... it... ... ! Holy shit! You traitor! envy!"

Shirone's face turned red.

"no! It's not like that, just keep listening."

"Aww! Nonsense. I thought that no matter how much I was born as a soloist, I would be faster than Shirone. how... ... !"

Nade was on the verge of going insane.

Seeing that even Iruki's pupils were shaking, it seemed that the problem with that was the biggest dilemma for a man.

Shirone was able to start talking only after drawing a clear line.

An hour passed quickly. But no one knew how much time had passed.

"wow. you really... ... dead and alive It was a very dangerous situation."

"That, too, is the final war. It's like, it's so serious that it doesn't even sound serious."

The impression of heaven was so strong that Nade and Iruki pondered for a long time.

On the other hand, Shirone, who felt relieved after confessing, wanted to hear how the other friends were doing.

"Now you tell me. Did something great happen during the vacation?"

The two looked back at each other and said, starting with Iruki.

"I had crayfish-flavored ice cream."

"A spider the size of a fist appeared in my studio."

"haha! I really enjoyed it."

It was funny just imagining it. The ice cream tastes like crayfish. Besides, it was creepy to think of a spider the size of a fist in front of me.

"Damn it!"

Nade pushed Syrone's cheek with his power.

"Aww! what's the matter?"

"He spent an exciting vacation by himself! And with Amy, who is very pretty!"

"I almost died! And what else is super pretty Amy? childishly! Aww!"

While Nade pushed Shirone in the face again, Iruki was regretting hitting the ground.

"It's really too bad. She shouldn't have acted crazy and gone back home. I'm also curious about magic that does ataraxia or something. Can you show me?"

"yes? Ataraxia?"

Demonstration can be done at any time, but the situation was not convenient. It was also a problem that mental power was exhausted, and if it was cast in a place where there were people, it would only complicate things for no reason.

"I want to, but next time. I'll show you when I get a chance."

"What? do you care Alright then, I will also hide the new magic for the time being."

Shirone's eyes lit up at the word new magic. If it was Iruki of the Servant Syndrome, the level of the new magic would be different from that of other students.

"What? huh? What kind of magic is it?"

"it is a secret. If I were to give you a hint, would it be a secret weapon that can defeat you?"

Having said that, Iruki turned to Nade and asked.

"How are you anyway? I bet it wasn't just playing during vacation."

"Oh, I've been crazy busy. I'm studying alchemy these days. I reinforced some of the magic needed for that class."

Alchemy is also a large branch of magic, but it was not a field taught at magic schools. Alchemy is a huge discipline, and the Alchemy Foundation was training alchemists separately.

Iruki was worried. After all, Nade was focusing on a part that was far from class during vacation.

"Are you okay? If you're going to become a magic engineer, a wizard license would be more advantageous."

"Of course, but I also want to learn materials science. Because function begins with form, and the beginning of form is original. I thought I should learn the basics of alchemy."

A voice was heard from the hallway.

"The entrance ceremony begins. Students, please assemble at the central venue."



@



All students from Class 1 to Class 10 gathered at the training ground.

Shirone looked for Alpheas on the podium, but for some reason he wasn't there.

"what? Can't you see the headmaster?"

"Six months honesty. From today, the temporary principal will come. I don't know who it is, but please make me study moderately."

Nade closed his eyes and prayed. It was a dream to become a magic engineer, but first of all, it was not a pleasant thing for the class to be difficult from the position of graduating from magic school.

When the newly appointed principal appeared on the podium, whispers were heard from here and there.

Iruki's face became serious.

"this... ... After all, that person is the principal."

"yes? Do you know who it is?"

"Jerome Olivia. I was the headmaster of the Royal Academy of Magic. He's probably a certified second-class archmage."

Shirone looked closely at Olivia. She looked much younger than her age and, above all, was beautiful. Her teachers were lined up on her left and right, but all of them couldn't hide their tension.

'You're a great person. The principal of the Royal Magic School... ... .'

Olivia waited until the students' clamor had subsided before she began her speech.

"hello. This is Jerome Olivia, who will be the new principal starting this semester. Although it is a temporary job, I promise to do my best to teach students during my tenure."

=======================================
[227] 3. Where is Shirone? (2)





Cheers and applause erupted. The expectations of the students were higher than ever as a person who had served as a principal at one of the best educational institutions in the country came to visit.

"I have heard of the reputation of Alpheas Magic School, so I have no intention of getting too involved in the existing policy. However, the modern wizarding society is pursuing high efficiency and practicality. pragmatism. These are the seeds I want to plant during my tenure as principal."

It was the nuance that up until now, Alpheas Magic School had been conducting classes that were far from actual combat. The students might be angry, but since the archmage said so, I had no choice but to do it.

"Serious. Because I knew it would be like this."

Iruki, who had attended the Royal Magic School, had a hunch from the moment he saw Olivia.

Years passed and I heard that he retired as principal, but I don't know what caused him to come.

Similar comments were made among the students of Class Four.

"Just in case, it's okay. <Spirit>'s prediction was correct. I will die tomorrow."

"I heard that the disciples are also coming here."

"I know, I read it too. Is one of them Dante?"

Shirone listened to their conversation. Many students seemed to already know that Olivia was taking over as principal during the vacation.

"Iruki, what is <Spirit>?"

"Academic journal published by the Teachers Association. Most magic school students can be said to be <Spirit> subscribers. Graduation exam trends and trendy magic. Because it deals with things like school issues."

"I see. Iruki, do you read it too?"

"Crazy? What do you know about what other schools do? I am my way."

Shirone also asked Nade.

"How about you?"

"Once, I borrowed some from friends, but these days I don't read them. I'm going to be an engineer anyway, so he wasn't very interested."

said Iruki.

"Still, if it was Dante, the school would be upset. It's safe to say that he's number 1 in the kingdom rankings at the student level."

1st place in the kingdom rankings. Shirone couldn't even fathom the weight of those words.

What kind of student are you? no, how do you feel?

To be number 1 in the country.

After the entrance ceremony, on the way back to the dorm, Iruki asked.

"Shirone, what are you going to do? Principal Alpheas seems to be hard to see today."

"It's the first day of school, so everyone will be busy. I just want to go to lunch after class tomorrow morning."

There were a lot of things I wanted to ask Alpheas. How far is the existence of heaven known and what is the story behind the labyrinth's space-time? But today was not a good time. With that promise for tomorrow, Shirone returned to his lodgings.



@



After joining her friends early in the morning, Shirone entered the classroom for the first lesson of the historic Class Four.

It was about half full before I knew it. In Class 5, I always went to school in first place, so it was a different feeling.

As much as Shirone was nervous, the students of Class 4 were also watching the movements of Shirone and the others without realizing it.

In particular, Shirone always took first place in the interest of students as it was an unprecedented case to go up from Class 7 to Class 4 in half a year.

It is not that in the 50-year history of the school, there were no students as outstanding as Shirone. However, Shirone's case was unique because such an outstanding student was assigned to a high class from the beginning.

Shirone felt strange when people who were her seniors until yesterday became her classmates. On the other hand, Nade and Iruki shook his hand as if it were natural and found an empty seat and sat down.

"You are finally here. nice to meet."

A hand came in front of Shirone's eyes. When he looked up, a boy with a round chin and a good personality was smiling.

Chris Boyle, number one in Class Four. He was a student specializing in summoning magic.

As a boy with the modifier "model student," he couldn't find any gaps in his clothes. The collar was buttoned tight around his neck and his hair was neatly parted in a two-to-eight.

Shirone held Boyle's hand and said.

"I'm glad too. Not at last, but barely."

"haha! You don't have to be so humble. Because this is the final gateway to the advanced class. Now is the time to appeal to yourself rather than humility."

It was advice given with good intentions, but the feeling of looking down on Shirone was quite strong. But, as Boyle said, this would also be one of the ways to appeal to oneself.

"thanks. Let's get along well in the future."

"yes. I don't know how long it will last."

"yes? What are you talking about?"

"What do you mean? Of course, it means that you are applying for the senior class."

Class Four may apply for senior classes at any time. This year, Amy was the first to start, followed shortly after by Seriel. With a total of eight students entering the senior class so far, there are now only two vacancies left.

"Usually, there are many registrants around the second half, but unusually, senior Amy took on the challenge too quickly, so there are not many seats left. Whoever gets it first is the owner."

At Boyle's words, the students perked up their ears. Starting with Class 4, performance doesn't really matter. It was a battle of notice whether to go up to the senior class or lay down a little more foundation.

Of course, no one wrote the senior class application in haste.

Once I moved on to the senior year, I had to assume that there would be no time to refine the basic skills. In addition, it is known that the impact of failing even in the graduation exam that is challenged every year is greater than expected.

In fact, 60% of those who passed the graduation exam passed the first exam, while only 20% of the entire magic school passed the second exam.

Based on that data, students were carefully considering going up to their senior year.

Boyle asked.

"How about you? Of course you intend to prove your worth in Class Four and take one of the two remaining spots, right?"

Last night Shirone discussed the matter with his friends. And I came to the conclusion that it was premature.

He scored over 80 points in all subjects in Class Five, but it was just an improvisation to pass the exam.

There is also a way to pass the graduation exam directly as soon as you enter the senior year, so it was calculated that it would not be a loss even if you lay down the basics for about half a semester.

"no. I will be in Class Four by this semester."

It was a surprise to Boyle. He knew that if he was a Shirone who had risen to Class Four in the shortest time, he would naturally challenge himself to break the record.

Is it a deception tactic? It wasn't like that. Anyway, it wasn't a bad thing if one strong competitor gave up.

"Then I can't. Anyway, let's work hard. Iruki and Nade. Good luck to you too."

"Yeah, what... ... I don't know how hard we will work."

Iruki said in a tone that was annoying. The students had a hunch that all three would not be promoted to their senior year.

It was an opportunity for them to reconsider their thoughts as they would not have made such a decision without any reason.

It was no coincidence that the first person to greet Shirone and the others was Boyle, the number one member of the Class Four.

This was also a power game for Class Four.

As such, Azelio Pandora, who was second in the rankings, was in a bad mood.

When there was a number one named Amy, there was no need to worry because all the students were only number two. However, the difference between Boyle and Pandora, who are currently ranked first and second, was only one point.

When Boyle's conversation was almost over, Pandora sneaked up to Shirone and raised her hand.

"hi?"

Nade groaned. Her universal friend, he could tell her character just by looking at her.

In the advanced class, he was a famous geek. He was the girl who thought he was the greatest in the world.

Shirone knew that too. However, living a self-centered life without a single friend seemed lonely.

"Hi, Pandora. Now we are in the same class. It's kind of weird."

"Huh, how does it feel to take classes with a beautiful woman like me?"

Pandora leaned over and sent a flirtation. In this case, even Syrone had no choice but to confiscate her face.

It's not that I didn't particularly hate my appearance, but the makeup was too revealing, so it was burdensome. Her heart felt strange even when she smelled the minute. It must have had something to do with Pandora's specialty being scent magic.

"Oh, look at how red your face is. You have nothing to be ashamed of. Let's be friends from now on."

As if approaching with determination, Pandora's blouse had two buttons less than usual. As she leaned over in that state, she couldn't decide whether to close her eyes or just watch. It seemed that either of them would be disrespectful.

"Oh, why are you doing this? Shirone already has an owner."

Nade covered Shirone's eyes. She then peeked inside Pandora's blouse for her blind friend instead.

Pandora was so annoyed that she couldn't even pay attention to the stares of the boys.

Shirone's owner was none other than Karmis Amy.

When she was in the advanced class, none of the students even raised their voices.

In terms of grades, grades, and appearance, she was superior in everything. Her reason for flirting with Shirone was to prove that she could make her own man if given the chance.

"Huh, I know you're dating Amy sunbaenim. But I can't even meet you anyway. Besides, I will pass this graduation exam and leave school. Shirone needs a new woman. She's a refined, intelligent woman like me."

Pandora secretly collected her heart like a treasure.

"Anyway, you better ride the line well. Sooner or later I'll catch up with Boyle. If you stand in my line, I'll take good care of you."

Iruki, who pulled Shirone in, waved his finger.

"Aren't you ignoring me too much? We are the Shirone Line."

"Ho-ho-ho! It's your first time, so enjoy it. You'll find out that the Class Four isn't easy. So, Shirone. See you later."

Pandora returned to her seat, sending her a kiss with her hand. Shirone had lost his mind even before his first class started. But thanks to him, he was able to guess how the Class Four worked.

It was a situation where Boyle, Pandora, and the 1st and 2nd rankers were aiming for the graduating class, and other students below them were paying attention.

Shirone felt that it was a good thing to give up the senior class this time. He had no intention of avoiding competition, but he did not want to have an emotional battle with his friends over a narrow gap that was decided on a first-come, first-served basis.

I made up my mind that if I could achieve remarkable growth this year, I would be the first to apply next year like Amy.

I went through the 3rd period without incident, and while I was waiting for the 4th period, the spiritual theory class, the teacher brought in 3 transfer students.

Students who regularly subscribe to <Spirit> magazine recognized them and murmured.

Victor Savina.

Bonifar Closer.

Air servant Dante.

A graduate of the Royal Magic School in Baska, the capital, they were the most controversial students in the kingdom.

Airhein Dante, in particular, was a genius among geniuses with outstanding talents enough to be called the next-generation great wizard even among current wizards.

"now! quiet all. These are the transfer students who will be taking classes at Class 4 from today. I will introduce myself, so please welcome me."

Dante, who went up to the podium, looked back at the students. His first impression was 'Gurida'. In the eyes of him, who was enjoying the cutting edge fashion in the capital, everything looked old-fashioned.

Dante fixed his gaze on Boyle. At first glance, it was clearly Mama Boy's outfit, but she was looking at us with confident eyes that gave me goosebumps.

'Is that kid Shirone? Hopefully not.'

It was different from Shirone's feeling from Olivia. I don't know her appearance, but at least it wasn't like that.

On the other hand, a girl with a lot of makeup was flirting with her, and although her face was pretty, she couldn't bear to open her eyes and look at the absurdly heavy makeup. It was just right for her to be stigmatized as a bar girl after going around like that in the capital.

"Dante, what are you doing? You should introduce yourself."

Dante closed his thoughts and opened his mouth.

"nice to meet. It is called Airhain Dante. Let's get along well in the future."

The self-introduction ended with that.

=======================================
[228] 3. Where is Shirone? (3)





If another student introduced himself like this, he would be booed, but Dante was an exception.

The students had no choice but to keep their mouths shut because they were proud of asking what kind of introduction was needed when they already knew enough to know through the magazine.

After the introductions to Sabina and Closer, the class began.

The spiritual theory teacher was a philosopher in his 60s named Karman who had obtained an official 8th grade wizard license.

Creas had a reputation in its own way, but in fact, the class itself was boring.

"Today, we will learn about the algorithm that distinguishes between individuality and egotism. We want to be different from others. But simply being different from others isn't going to be personality."

Dante's party was indifferent from the start. It was a subject that ended in the top 400 at the Royal Magic School.

Closer, who had been sitting in a bad chair, said.

"The class is so boring. What if it's personality and what if it's egotism? You live as you are. How old are you? It's a theory of spirit."

Dante also didn't care about class. More curious than that was a student named Shirone.

Dante, who had an interview with Olivia in the morning, received a special order from her to beat a child named Shirone.

Since it was his major, Dante readily accepted it.

I don't know who Shirone is, but I'm sure he's always had a stiff nose. However, from today onwards, he intended to make it so that he would not even raise his head.

'But it's rare. Why am I not number one?'

If the 2nd class archmage gave a special order to directly trample it, then it should of course be ranked first in the advanced class. However, the person who won first place was a mama boy.

Then who the hell is Shirone?

Dante's eyes swept over the students. Then, her gaze was fixed on one boy.

It was Mercodyne Iruki.

'Yeah, that kid was there too.'

Even when he attended the Royal Magic School, a rivalry was almost formed, but it fell apart because he transferred schools.

As time passed, he became the best in the kingdom, and since Iruki was not even featured in magazines, it was safe to say that the gap had widened. No, in fact, I thought that all the students here were not even close to the tip of a student at the Royal Magic School.

The Royal Magic School has no class distinction. There was only a ranking from first to last.

From the 30th place, called the devil's barrier, you are eligible to take the graduation exam, and the current ranks of Dante and his party were 31st, 32nd, and 33rd.

Dante was confident that even if he took the graduation exam right away, he would pass it. But his goal was only to be number one.

There is also a 32-year-old student in the top 30. Even if my skills were poor, I would not be able to ignore the experience of attending school for over 20 years, so I planned to prepare and graduate with the best grades.

If you enter the top 5 prestigious schools, the Magic Association will give you 10 graduation tickets. With that ticket, Alpheas Magic School is producing 10 graduates every year.

However, the Royal Magic School adds ten more chapters to the existing ten chapters as the best school in the kingdom.

With the large population of the capital and the added merit of being able to pass two-thirds of the graduation exams, it was only natural that aspiring wizards in the kingdom flocked to it.

After all, the level of the 30 graduating class of Alpheas Magic School and the top 30 of the Royal Magic School were different.

Simply being assigned to Class 4 with a cut-off of 30 was something that hurt Dante's pride.

Anyway, first of all, it was necessary to find out who the boy named Shirone was. When there were no students who looked particularly special, Dante asked the girl next to him.

"Hey, who is Shirone?"

"uh? Poetry, Shirone? It's the kid sitting at the far end over there. But why Shirone?"

Dante turned his head to Shirone without even replying. To his surprise, he was the boy sitting next to Iruki. He was also one of those who thought he would never be that kid.

"Hmm, your studies look good. But it doesn't look particularly strong, does it?"

Closer and Sabina were also looking at Shirone.

"Cheuk, he must be a criminal without even looking at it. Maybe it's because it's a rural school, so it only sells books. I'm already bored to death. When are you going to practice with this?"

"The fashion was poor, but he was handsome. He seems to have a calm personality, so he's a typical unlocker."

"Hey, if you're going to try immortal function, you'll have to go into the mountains and polish your sword. What are you doing at magic school?"

Immortal functions are certainly rare, but they were not an absolute measure of magic level.

It was a fact that could be known just by looking at the fact that out of five nationally certified first-class wizards, there was only one Unlocker.

Karman's spiritual theory class was nearing its end.

"When you come up with an idea, the more difficult it is to put that thought into practice, the more you can call it your individuality. Also, if you can easily elicit the approval of others, you can call it a belief. The problem is when the difficulty level is low and you can't even get acceptance. We call it egotism."

The students nodded and Dante dozed off.

"In the future, you will have to think a lot. Good personality and good faith. But don't be fooled. What others can't do, but what elicits acceptance. If such an idea came to your mind, you might be right about it."

The bell announcing lunchtime rang. The students clapped at the thought of being able to rest, and Karman left satisfied.

"Guys, I'll be back then."

Shirone hurriedly packed her bag. The only time he could meet Alpheas was during lunch, so time was running out.

"Are you okay? Aren't you eating?"

"Is it a day or two to starve? Do you know if the principal will buy you something delicious?"

"yes. Anyway, do well."

"I might be late, so tell the teacher instead."

While the students were getting ready to go to the cafeteria, Closer raised his arms and yawned.

"Whoa, are you done now? Damn it. Even though I only took one class, I was so bored. How are you going to last half a year here?"

"Still, since I practice in the afternoon, it might be okay. Dante, Dante. wake up. It's lunchtime."

Dante woke up and rubbed his eyes.

"Ah, what kind of class is sleeping pills. Let's start anyway. Since you came to his garden, it would be polite to say hello first."

Dante looked back at Shirone with keen eyes. But he couldn't be found anywhere he looked.

"what? Where have you been?"

As Dante was about to move, Boyle and Pandora blocked his way. As with Shirone, Boyle reached out first.

"nice to meet you. Fame is familiar. I am Chris Boyle."

"Boyle. How old are you?"

Boyle straightened his shoulders as if he had waited.

"It's number one. I'm the highest in the advanced class."

As expected, Shirone was not in first place. Why didn't Master say anything about Boyle? If you release a beast named Dante, shouldn't he at least get the first prize?

"Then what rank is Shirone?"

Boyle was offended that Shirone was the one the kingdom's biggest star cared about. However, he smiled at the thought that if he showed his emotions, he would lose.

"Shirone came up this semester, so there is no ranking yet. But I'm sure he's a promising player. You could say he's my rival, but I think I'm going to be in my senior year."

Dante stared at Boyle's hand, which was still outstretched.

"I'm sorry, but I haven't heard your name. In short, I don't know why I have to shake hands with you. You're in first place in the advanced class, so kneel on your own. Is this?"

Boyle's face flushed. She didn't mean to, but it was true that she expected a similar situation on the one hand.

"Because I am a classmate. To be friendly... ... ."

"classmate? So you and I are in the same class now?"

Sensing a chill from Dante, Boyle took a step back. He went through numerous competitions, rising to the top of Class Four, but he did not adapt to this kind of low-level provocation.

"What is your major?"

Boyle raised his head arrogantly, thinking that he could no longer be ignored.

"Summoning magic."

"Puhahaha!"

Closer burst out laughing and hit Boyle in the stomach. Boyle, his feet lifted an inch, fell to his knees with a thump. Even when he couldn't breathe, he couldn't believe what had happened to him.

"School, school violence... ... . Kut!"

Closer's soccer kick kicked Boyle in the stomach. He was a man who enjoyed fighting unlike a wizard, but he felt sorry for hitting him this time.

To see a 17-year-old guy look like the world is going to end just because he got hit once. I thought it might not be a rural area, so there were only bored kids.

Dante laid down the spittle boil.

"For now, just wait. Sooner or later, I will put them all under me."

The air in the classroom became cold. No one thought of attacking Dante's party, who revealed their true colors within an hour.

Sabina, bewildered, approached the bewildered Pandora and blatantly criticized her appearance.

"What kind of makeup do you wear? It's different because it's a village. Do you go out to the bar at night?"

Pandora's face turned red. She was second only to being audacious, but it was the first time she had been insulted like this.

Sabina's hand caressed Pandora's cheek.

"Huh, it's better not to move. My hands are sharp."

Pandora couldn't budge. Sabina's hands were soft, but her words weren't lying. A cold chill lingered.

"Let's see. What should I do with this angkaljin... ... ."

Iruki, who was watching, interrupted.

"Stop it. Not even kids."

Sabina frowned and turned around. But before she could say her word, her Dante walked away.

"It's been a while, Iruki."

"What, how do you know me?"

A vein formed on Dante's forehead. Even at the time, we didn't meet face-to-face and talked, but the rivalry was in full swing.

There's no way that Iruki wouldn't know that. It was clear that she was oblivious to the subject and was ignoring herself.

Nade intervened to lighten the mood.

"Wah ha ha ha! let's not fight Do you use it if you fight from the first day of the semester? We're going to study together from now on, so we should be close. is not it?"

From Dante's point of view, there's nothing good about losing to Iruki. He did not intend to be friendly with him, but he was from the dragon's family.

Dante turned his attention to Iruki and turned to Nade.

"Where is Shirone?"

Shirone went to Alpheas. However, unless he knew Dante's intentions, Nade was not the kind of person who would tell him obediently.

"Shirone? Aha, Shirone is famous! But I'm also quite popular. Why don't we be friends? There is a supernatural psychic research society that I am the president of... ... ."

Closer immediately jumped out and punched at the trick to kill time. As Ned's upper body leaned back, his fist narrowly passed by.

It happened in an instant, as if it had been put together.

'Oh, look at this bastard?'

Closer's eyebrows went up. The fact that he didn't even blink an eye while dodging by a hair's breadth was proof that he was used to fighting.

said Dante with a snort.

"Apart from laughing, your body is ready for battle."

"Aww, you were surprised. Why are you doing this all of a sudden?"

Nade had an expression that he didn't even know what had happened.

"Hey, it's okay. I don't know what the plan is, but I have nothing to do with a coward like you."

Dante had no choice but to ask Iruki.

"Hey, you know what? Where is Shirone?"

"Why are you looking for Shirone?"

"To say hello. School life will be difficult from now on. Wouldn't you say you don't know like that coward? The world's Mercodyne."

"Sure. Shirone is over here."

Iruki pointed at his feet. Dante, who was examining the floor, frowned and asked again.

"What, on the first floor?"

"no. Somewhere on this planet."

Leaving those words behind, Iruki and Nade left the classroom. Dante is so angry that even her ears are red.

"That child... ... ."

=======================================
[229] 3. Where is Shirone? (4)





The other students also asked where Shirone was, but only replied that they did not know. It would come if I waited, but I thought it would be okay to look around the school, so I decided to go find it myself.

When I looked around, the facilities were better than expected. The site area was large enough to compare to that of the Royal Magic School. But still, it was a place where I couldn't go.

Sabina grumbled when she couldn't find Shirone anywhere.

"I mean, what a difficult thing it is to tell you. Do you think you are trusted enough?"

Closer burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! Originally, rural guys have a great sense of loyalty. You don't have the skills, but you're carrying weight with something like that."

"But Iruki is also here."

Closer's laughter stopped at Dante's words. Even he thought it was strange that Iruki was here.

"I don't understand. Why is the Mercodyne family stuck in the countryside like this?"

"It used to be the same school as us. Whether it was expulsion or dropout, I heard that he had an accident and disappeared, but I never thought I would meet him here."

Dante decided not to complicate things. He was an opponent who had to be bumped into at least once anyway.

"doesn't care. The person Master took is Shirone. Let's think about it after stepping on that child."

Upon arriving at the restaurant, Dante watched as seniors and juniors met and exchanged greetings.

It was a common sight in the class system, but he laughed out loud after coming up from the bottom at the Royal Magic School.

"I mean, what time of day is the class system? Alfeas is also very old-fashioned."

"Yeah. Judging from the magazine, it seems that the ranking system is only used in senior classes."

"Geuk, that's why the kids don't have any ambitions. Did you see that soft tofu-like bastard fall out of my fist with one blow?"

Dante left the conversation behind and walked over to the students. After all, shouldn't the system be privileged?

When Dante appeared, the students turned around in unison. Is there a student at a magic school who doesn't admire Dante? It was amazing that the best stars went to the same school.

Dante put his hands in his pockets and waited a long time. When he still didn't get a response, he frowned.

"What are you doing? A senior came, didn't you say hello?"

The juniors who had been staring at me belatedly came to their senses and bowed.

"Oh, how are you! Seniors!"

It was a kid's joke, but it felt good to be greeted.

While looking at the faces of his juniors, Dante found a woman who looked at least two years older than him.

Normally, it should have been Class Four, but it was a spectacle to see them standing side by side with snorers.

"Hey you."

"Me, me, senior?"

Maria of Class Six pointed at herself.

"yes. How old are you?"

"I'm nineteen."

Dante put on a pathetic expression. Since I'm so docile, I'm old enough to hang out with the kids.

"You know Shirone, right?"

"Shirone-senpai? Yes. I know."

"Where are you now?"

"Well, I don't know that either."

I hadn't expected anything from a woman like that.

I thought I should go into the restaurant, so I moved my steps, but Closer stepped out as if touching a baton.

Maria was a perfect prey for Closer, who boasted numerous female pilgrimages at the Royal Magic School.

"Hey, how cute? My pretty noona, what's your name?"

"This is Erlang Maria."

A look of displeasure crossed Maria's face. Since she was a child, she attended magic school, so she has no complaints about the class system, but she couldn't help but feel offended if she emphasized her age difference in this way.

"Do you even know how to impress? This senior treatment is so messed up."

"Oh, sorry."

The closure was satisfactory. Why are the students at this school so naive? Growing more confident, he tugged at Maria's wrist and held out her face.

"I'm sorry. don't play with me How frustrated can you be with such fledgling kids? Even if I look like this, the hard ones are awesome."

Maria's face heated up. She can't stand it and tries to shake off her hand, but the closer's strength is too strong.

At that moment, Mark came over and grabbed Closer's wrist.

"Stop it, senior."

Closer's impression was crumpled. The power transmitted was quite good. It's not common for a wizard to train his body, so when he looked up, he was indeed the same size as himself.

"Are there any juniors holding seniors' wrists? Is this school a mess?"

"What are you doing, old man? It would be against school rules to harass a female junior."

"dalliance? This is not a flirtation, but a natural push and pull between a man and a woman."

"Maria is in a bad mood."

"Does a child like you know how to handle a woman? For a woman of that age, if you pull her hard, she will hold you as if she can't win. if not that? What were you thinking of doing?"

Mark let go of the string of reason.

"Because this child wants to see you... ... ."

"Puhahaha! This kid is so pissed off! do you really like it? Was that why you were restless because you were afraid of being taken away?"

Mark wanted to say yes honestly, but he pushed the words back to his throat. He still doesn't even reach Shirone's toes. But someday... ... .

"Maria is my friend. And I won't let anyone insult a friend. Senior or teacher, it doesn't matter. If she wants to be respected, she does something that deserves respect."

Closer's expression changed. His smile was gone, and his face was cold-blooded.

"yes? Then make me respect you. You will roll on the ground."

The two walked away without agreement. Using magic in school was taboo, so the students watching were nervous. However, neither the closer nor the mark entered the spirit zone.

"As expected, if you're a man, you're a fist. Isn't it?"

"It's funny that the word 'man' comes out of someone like you."

"Cheuk, you really use dragons to die. Come in, kid."

Closer got into a boxing stance and flicked his hands.

The drugged Mark jumped in. She didn't even want to think about dealing with the person who molested Maria.

At that moment, Closer took a step and stepped back.

Mark had a lot of trouble. You acted as if you were going to stick right away, but what did you mean by backstep?

Mark pretended to attack him in the face, but when Closer lowered his upper body, he immediately punched him in the stomach with the opposite fist.

'It went in!'

It was clear that he would not be able to stand up as the 80-kilogram giant swung with all his might.

"Keugh!"

However, it was Mark who had a wrinkled impression.

My fists tingled as if I had hit a rock. not a human body There must be something hidden in the stomach... ... .

At that moment, Closer's counter exploded in the face.

Mark's pupils shook sharply.

'What is this?'

In one blow, the nerves connecting the head and body were paralyzed.

Since he was interested in martial arts, he had also sparred with a martial artist who was said to be strong, but it was a different temperament.

"Puhahaha! Are you completely weak? how is it? Do you want to respect me now? hem?"

When I came to my senses at Closer's voice, I was in a situation where I was being kicked while crouching on the floor.

"how? is it fun? Isn't it fun to be stepped on like a dog by a senior?"

Even in the middle of the pain, Mark couldn't stand it because he was angry.

My mind got up and was fighting back, but my body couldn't even lift a finger.

Maria ran over and hugged Mark.

"Please stop! I'm going to die like this!"

"Hehe, what are you talking about? Who are you going to overwrite? Surely this bastard hit me first?"

Maria realized why Closer gave up his first attack.

If left like this, being beaten was not a problem, but Mark could have been disciplined.

"sorry. I apologize. I'll get down on my knees and beg you, so please stop."

Dante stepped in and sorted things out. If you increase your work from the first day, it will become a hassle in the future.

"Listen up, juniors. If you see us in the future, do a full 90 degree salute. Look at this guy and clearly remember what happens if you make fun of your seniors."

When Dante's group left, the students let out a sigh of relief. The best star in the kingdom seemed to be the best at inducing fear.

Maria looked at Mark with tears in her eyes.

"Mark, are you okay? Fool, why the hell are you like that?"

Mark had already come to his senses. He just let go of his thoughts because the situation in Maria's arms felt like a dream. But he didn't want to worry her, so she straightened her upper body.

"It's fine. What is this?"

Mark glared at Dante and the others as they walked away while Maria checked for any broken parts.

"They are really dangerous. What are you going to do by going out like that?"

"do not know. They say you're a student of Principal Olivia, believe that and install it. The best star in the kingdom is the horn. You are completely screwed."

When the principal changed, everything changed. The students regard today's events as happenings, but Mark, who was once like them, had a hunch. He knows that what he has suffered may be just the prelude to a major accident that will happen in the future.



@



Side by side with Olivia, Sade was walking through the corridors of the advanced class building.

Having received a special mission from Alpheas to help the new principal adapt, she has been working as a secretary.

"Hey, Headmaster. Let's go on tour later and eat first. Our school's food is famous for its deliciousness."

Olivia didn't pretend to hear and looked at the papers. She was still amazed at how she could walk so fast.

"Why are there so many 8th grade teachers in the school? In what time of day would you be able to teach students in 8th grade? Students whose names are known in the kingdom are even given unofficial 9th ??grade. If you are about to graduate, you go up to the official level."

Saad wanted to ask what aspiring magician who was not a wizard would do by making his name known to the kingdom.

However, I remembered Master's advice to approach with a mindset of practicing asceticism, and I persuaded him with good words.

"Most class 8 teachers are experts in one field other than magic. For the character education of students, we have a team of teachers with professional specialties such as philosophers, artists, and technicians."

"This is a special purpose school. We should leave miscellaneous education to the family and prioritize magic. Who is the current star of Alfeas? Dante, an air servant of the royal family, Miko Raina of Oris, and even Florent Municipal, which is not one of the top 5 prestigious schools, have a star named Axion Kabael that students are passionate about."

"But, Headmaster, how many such children are there in the kingdom?"

"It doesn't matter. It's important to be there anyway. It's important that other schools have it, but not here. Because of this way of thinking, this school has been in the last stages for about 10 years. Aren't the teachers here too inertial?"

Olivia asked and didn't give her a chance to answer.

"Teachers need a sense of tension. A school that enters the top 5 prestigious schools should have genius and young teachers. Even Olifer Shiina doesn't rank at the top level by the standards of the Royal Magic School. Honestly, isn't Miss Romi Etella the only teacher the whole kingdom wants to feed?"

Sade wanted to sew up Olivia's snout. He thinks that a good teacher is to teach students sincerely. But she was trying to line up even her teachers in order of her skill.

"It just needs a little more. or grow. Oh, it would be okay to hold seminars regularly."

Letters began to be engraved on the floating notebook to Olivia's right. It was a type of speech magic called dot writing, and it was the ability to transcribe voices into text.

Her speech was so fast that I wondered if she was using supersound (a skill of a sorceress who pronounces words at super high speed), but even so, her writing speed did not slow down.

=======================================
[230] 3. Where is Shirone? (5)





I stopped walking as if I had suddenly remembered Olivia.

"I can't go on like this. I will observe the afternoon class myself. We'll look around everything starting with Class 10, so please get ready."

"all right."

Sade answered as if hypnotized. It was an effort to raise the reputation of the school, so I couldn't hate it.

Olivia hurried her steps again when Shirone approached from across the hallway. It was too early to return after eating her meal, so Saad tilted her head and asked.

"Shirone? What's going on?"

"Oh, hello."

Olivia looked at the approaching Shirone. A boy that Alpheas said looked like him. But the Alfeas she knew was not like this.

Well, I met him when he was in his early 30s, so it was around the time he lost his wife and became a disabled person. If so, is this boy what he was called the light of the family of Alfeas and Mirhi before he got married?

"You are Shirone."

"Yes, nice to meet you."

"yes. It must be lunchtime now?"

"I want to meet the principal. I went to the principal's office, but she wasn't there."

"of course. I am the principal from today."

"Oh, sorry."

When Shirone realized his mistake and panicked, Sade quickly intervened and put the matter to rest.

"Master will be in your personal library. If you go to the right from the central building, there is an outbuilding. Go there."

Sade beckoned me to go quickly. Realizing the situation, Shirone bowed her head and went back the way she came.

"Whoa! I almost choked to death."

After leaving the building, Shirone took a deep breath.

The energy emitted by a second-class archmage was of a kind I had never experienced before.

Although she felt the pressure from Arcane, Olivia didn't even know she felt the pressure beyond that. It wasn't until she left the area that she realized she wasn't breathing.

After calming down, Shirone went to the annex as Sade told her. When I grabbed the doorknob and knocked on the door, Alfeas, dressed in a comfortable outfit, greeted Shirone.

"I was waiting for you. Come on in."

Shirone looked around at the scene of the simple outbuilding and fixed her eyes on the portrait hanging on the wall.

Alpheas pointed at her and introduced her.

"My wife, this is Erina. Did you hear about it too?"

"Yes. hello."

Shirone nodded at the portrait. For some reason, it felt like it had to be. Alfeas raised an eyebrow at his erratic behavior, but he didn't tell him to stop.

"Yes, there must be a lot of things I want to tell you. But before you hear the story... ... Are you hungry?"

"A little bit, actually."

"I cooked button mushroom soup. Let's eat together."

The two sat across from each other and ate. Curiously, Alpheas did the same, but he waited without saying anything. The beginning of any story is the most difficult.

"Principal, I have been to heaven."

With a click, the tableware fell. Alpheas slurped the soup down his lips and wiped his beard.

I couldn't believe it, but seeing Shirone's face, it was true. It wasn't the look of a traveler who had been to a strange place, nor the look of an explorer who discovered something amazing.

"Speaking of heaven... ... ."

"sorry. Somehow it happened. Canis... ... ."

Alfeas, who heard everything, was silent for a while. In particular, the fact that Arcane went to heaven was the first thing he had heard.

Well, looking back, he was a man of many secrets. He chose evil between good and evil, but he was close to nihilism.

"Principal, I have a question for you. Miro, how did you get the job?"

Alpheas realized Shirone's guess. But my thoughts haven't changed. It is past and there is no turning back. One person was enough for him to not be able to escape from the past.

'Gaold... ... .'

Mikea Gaold. Although she is now one of the first-class wizards in the kingdom, Alpheas still remembered her as his disciple and innocent young man.

"Shirone. don't tell me anything It is a transnational issue. The moment you set foot there, your life is twisted."

"But if Mr. Miro... ... !"

"What would change if you knew?"

Shirone shut his mouth. Just because he knows, there's nothing he can change. Even now, this world was maintained by only one person.

"Principal, if Heaven's army breaks through the labyrinth's space-time... ... ."

Alpheas shook his head.

"Ever since Miro blocked the army of Heaven, think tanks in each country have been preparing for a long time. Do you understand, Shirone? Nothing will change. you have a dream Don't ruin your life by being bound by untouchable truths."

The words were the same as before going to Galliante Island, but Shirone could understand them now. He almost ruined not only his own life, but the lives of his friends, just by dipping his toes in it for a moment.

"Yes, don't worry. Because I felt it too."

Alpheas smiled benignly.

"Ataraxia is admirable even to me. In ancient times, the ability of angels was called the magic of slayer dragons. If you have a chance later, look up the history of the Balaur. Dragons have a much longer history than humans, so you should be able to learn more about angels."

Shirone unexpectedly got good information. Until now, he had only thought of the relationship between heaven and humans, but after all, it was an issue that was entangled with this world as a whole.

'I should study the history of other races later.'

After thinking so, Shirone asked.

"Should I be responsible for this power?"

"Heh heh, Shirone, there is no such thing. No one knows what the consequences of your choices will be. You have to think and judge for yourself."

"I hesitate several times."

"ha ha ha! That too is a natural phenomenon. It can be said that ataraxia is stronger than me at the moment it is opened."

Alpheas' words were not lies. If there was no exaggeration in Shirone's story, the moment the Ataraxia magic circle opened, it would have been so powerful that even a certified 4th-class wizard could not block it.

But Shirone was not happy.

It was because he knew what Alpheas' premise was, 'as long as Ataraxia was opened'.

Theory and reality are completely different. Being defenseless for one minute with the Immortal Function open was no different from waiting for the head to be cut off in real combat.

"I know what you want to say. It's true that it's still a daunting ability to handle. From now on, I will train hard and make it my own."

"yes. You got a good relationship. it's yours Hug me and think about it countless times."

"thank you."

When I confessed to Alpheas, my heart felt lighter. It may be that he passed the responsibility on to an adult, but after all, it was natural.

What Shirone could do was become an adult as soon as possible and share their responsibilities.

When Shirone returned to school, Alpheas locked the door and returned with a serious expression.

It was new information about heaven that came in a year.

When Miro returned from Heaven, she accepted the reality that she had to sacrifice herself to save everyone.

But Shirone was different. He fought Heaven.

Struggle makes enemies, but it also makes allies.

Shirone gained companions in exchange for fighting in heaven. The world will pay attention to achievements that have a different meaning than maze.

"Honey, I'm honestly afraid. Now I don't know either. who the child is."

Ataraxia. I hugged you and told you to handle it, and said irresponsible words.

However, it was not her constitution to give instructions in front of a force she could not handle.

"It's been a while since my blood is boiling. I'm sorry to say this, but I think the mistake of letting you go was not to meet this boy later."

He didn't think that only he could teach Shirone. However, his failures in his youth were sure to serve as a foundation for Shirone to develop.

"What do you think? Can I be a little more greedy?"

Erina in the picture was smiling.



@



Arin happily strolled through the flower beds behind the advanced classes where autumn flowers were in full bloom. It's a place where no one goes because the empty lot is narrow, but that's why she liked it even more.

Even if I knew most of the classes, it was much harder to adapt to the first school I attended than I expected.

"Arin, did you wait?"

Kanis came running with a rice ball in her bosom. Room and board are free because Alfeas paid for his tuition, but he did not want to receive help from the school. It may be childish stubbornness to refuse meals while using the accommodation, but Alpheas did not stop it.

This is the school that killed Arcane. Even if he did not mention his young age, it was admirable that he would keep his loyalty to his teacher.

"let's eat. I don't know if the seasoning is right this time."

Arin sat on the flower bed and ate rice balls. At first, it was so salty that I couldn't eat it, but the taste gradually deepened.

said Kanis, munching on the rice.

"I think I might have to work at night."

"Kanis, the principal is giving you pocket money too. Being stubborn is stupid."

"Know. But the moment you take it for granted, it's over. I will accept what I have no choice but to refuse step by step. I was Master's enemy, but I can't servilely raise the white flag."

Kanis added a word.

"I'll use it if I'm in a hurry. I still don't want to lean on it."

Canis' words were not wrong. Above all, the two were not used to hanging out with children at a restaurant yet.

"Sheesh, not here. Where the hell have you been?"

Dante's party entered the flower bed. Canis had heard rumors about who they were. But he didn't want to care. I don't know if it's the kingdom's star or not, but it was childish.

"Shall I ask?"

Dante also found Canis and approached. When I looked closely at the two of them, I felt sorry for them, and I was on the verge of tears. I thought he was going on a date, but he was squatting down and eating a rice ball. It was clear that she was being bullied. Because in any organization, there are people who are marginalized.

"Hey, your Class Forge?"

Dante asked, but no answer came. Even though I said it loud enough to be heard, it was a comfort that they could see nothing but rice balls in their eyes.

Closer said.

"Don't you have money to buy food? Because it's a rural school, does it accept poor people? I will not be able to see you because the level is low."

Arin glanced at Closer. She then moved her jaws like a squirrel as if she were about to be taken away.

I've known since childhood that people who disregard food are the first to pick up a fork.

Clojure is tired of it. Her body was a slender girl with an enormous appetite.

"Did you hear me? Eat slowly. I won't take it away."

Still, there was no response from the two. Dante became cramped. Perhaps because it was in the countryside, there were still rare sights that could not be seen in the city.

"Are you hiding because the kids are bothering you? You also live very pathetically. Just fight like crazy. Don't get hit."

"So what?"

Canis couldn't stand it and raised her head. The thing I hated the most in the world was someone touching me while I was eating.

Looking into Canis' pupils, Dante realized that he was mistaken. pragmatism? No, the enmity that lingers deeper than that. This guy is beyond taboo.

When the reaction finally came, Closer patted his fist.

"What? Does it come out quite loud? Will you come to your senses when you taste your fists?"

"Stop it, Closer."

Dante dried up. Even if I touched it, I felt like I was going to see a dirty look. Even in this situation, there was no sign of nervousness in Arin.

Does that mean you have yourself? Or did he even live on a battlefield surrounded by corpses?

"Hey, are you the best of Class Four?"

"Best? Isn't Shirone the best?"

'Is this guy also Shirone?'

Dante was lost in thought. He followed Iruki to Kanis and named Shirone. It felt like the clue was finally solved. Master Olivia correctly pointed it out.

=======================================
[231] 3. Where is Shirone? (6)





"Where is Shirone?"

"How do I know? Aren't you at the restaurant?"

"I'm not asking because there isn't."

Canis had a guess. He must have gone to Alfeas to report on the affairs of Heaven.

It wouldn't matter if I let you know if I could get rid of the troublesome guys, but I wasn't in the mood for that.

"What should I do to find Shirone?"

"You have to step on it. I said Shirone is the best, so if I defeat him, you will come under me too."

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Canis laughed at the absurdity. Then Closer came over, glaring at her.

"Is this laughing? Don't you know who we are?"

"So you guys don't know who Shirone is?"

said Dante.

"I know. He's a guy who has reached the heights of immortal function. But what about that? If you think that a wizard is a job that sharpens your sword, you are mistaken. Magic is definitely the art of killing."

Canis also had no objection to that. He hung out with you with sage-like poetry, and it was also refreshing to hear the right sound for the first time in a long time.

But really, if Shirone was just a good-natured, pure child, he would have been trampled on long ago.

Shirone is different. That was the point.

"I'm really worried about this, but if you can, don't touch him. It's because seeing you reminds me of the old me."

"ha ha ha! So what is it, just because you lost means I lose too? Now I see, I was just a loser."

Canis was calm. The years he has lived have not been beautiful enough to consume his emotions with cheap provocations.

"It doesn't matter if you win or lose. How far have you been?"

"I don't know what you mean, but I've never fallen. It is different from you."

"Then try it. You'll feel like you're being stepped on to the bottom of the bottom you can imagine. Kuk-kuk-kuk."

Dante's face turned red. Even in the capital Baska, no one looked down on him. Not because this place is great, but because it is ignorant. It wasn't like dealing with these villagers from the beginning.

"Funny. i'll break it At that time, you too will have to kneel before me."

When Dante led the group and disappeared, Canis lost his appetite. I don't know why there are so many people living so selfishly among the nobles.

Arin said while chewing food.

"I am surprised, Canis. Just tell me Shirone is the best."

"Because I hate troublesome things. I don't want to be noticed in a place like this."

"Well, if it's Shirone, he'll take care of it."

Canis pouted. He didn't know about him, but as a member of the Heaven faction, Arin knew how to worry even a little bit.

"It is, but... ... How come you sound so irresponsible?"

"Ugh, no. I really think it would be okay if it was Shirone."

As Arin said while sucking his finger, he looked at the rice balls left in Canis' hand.

"Did you eat it all?"

"No, this... ... ."

Kanis defensively pulled the rice ball. That's why I should have done it sooner. I ended up depriving myself of a meal because I got into a fight with useless people.

"Oh, I ate it all. eat you."

"Hehe, thank you."

Arin regained his composure and asked if his hunger was gone.

"Come to think of it, Shirone has a lot of enemies."

"But there are so many allies. I won't be lonely."

Canis looked up at the sunny sky. Harvest was still analyzing the Book of Light and Darkness brought from Heaven.

There was no impatience as long as he had inherited the legacy of Arcane. Wouldn't it be okay to have this kind of leisure sometimes? It's because I've been running mindlessly up until now.

"Slowly, slowly."

"Yes, then."

Kanis smiled and looked back at Arin. And she shook her head as if she couldn't stop and patted her back.

"Eat slowly."

4. Battle simulation (1)





After lunch break, it was time for the advanced class integrated class. As usual, the teacher in charge was Etella, and the location was a training ground with an image zone.

After about 10 minutes, Shirone came running in a hurry.

I didn't know that coming by canter would be so difficult, perhaps because I was used to moving by teleportation during vacation.

"Ah, Miss Ethella. Sorry. I was trying to be on time."

"Yes. I heard about Nade. Go in and get ready for class."

Dante's party turned to shit when they learned that meeting Shirone at lunchtime was impossible from the beginning.

If so, I'll tell you. What does it mean to train a person to mutt?

"Come on, everyone. Nice to meet you all. I see new faces this semester. Welcome to Dante, Closer, Sabina and Alpheas School of Magic. Everyone, please give us a round of applause."

Dante raised a corner of his mouth as if it were absurd. She said that it was a subject in charge of Romi Etella, which was also rumored at the Royal Magic School, so I had high expectations, but it was an impression that broke my expectations.

He wore large glasses on his innocent face and tied his hair loosely. I heard he was a monk, so even if I understood that, the way he taught was like watching a nanny who taught him when he was seven years old.

What was even more absurd was that the children were earnestly applauding despite such childish instructions.

"Then let's start class. For the lower class, intensively practice four-way conversion and sequence, and for the upper class, proceed in the order of mental pulse, targeting, and sequence."

Sabina whispered to Closer.

"It seems that the senior and advanced classes are completely different here."

"Yeah. I was looking forward to it because it was practice time, but it's just as boring."

When Sabina transferred, the only thing she expected was Etella's class, which earned her the title of Triple.

If you get 6th grade or higher in three fields, you will be given the title of triple.

However, when I listened to the class, it was not only the way of speaking that was childish, but even the subject matter was boring basic skills training.

Sabina raised her hand and asked.

"Teacher, do you have any other training? I want to learn sniper mode."

"It is not taught in the advanced class because it is a subject in the major class."

"But if you are Teacher Etella, you can teach me enough. She honestly just transferred to take this one class."

"The process of finding your aptitude is the advanced class. Even if it's sniper mode, after all, it's a four-way conversion. It will never be too late to learn applied technology after thoroughly polishing the basics."

"Ugh, then how can I not do it personally? If you say you learned from Miss Etella, you can brag to her friends."

Students in the metropolitan area seemed to be proud of which teacher they learned from.

If that was the case with Basuka's climate, there would be no reason to step forward, but in any case, according to the rules of Alpheas Magic School, it was not possible to teach unless it was a task in charge.

"You want to do that too, but there is a problem of fairness. If you really want to learn sniper mode, improve your skills as soon as possible and enter your senior year."

A clear voice came from the entrance of the training ground.

"Not necessarily. Sticking to the standard too much is also a factor hindering development."

Olivia walked over. Behind her, all the advanced class teachers followed like servants.

Along with Etela, Sade and Shiina, who are called the three pillars of Alpheas Magic School, were also visible.

The two met eyes with Ethella and raised their shoulders as if asking if this made sense.

It was an action that was possible because he was out of Olivia's line of sight.

"Hello, Headmaster."

Ethella greeted them with the courtesy of a monk. Olivia was greeted with her bow and turned to her students.

"I watched from the entrance and saw a student wanting to learn applied technology. If the student's passion is learning, isn't it enough to teach them as a teacher?"

"But according to the school rules... ... ."

"Ah, I know that. But as the years go by, the school rules change. Having Jonah, who made a name for himself in the kingdom, as a teacher and teaching him only the basics. I also think this is inefficient."

Because Etela is such a great Joner, Alfeas deliberately asked the children in the advanced class to teach them basic skills.

But Olivia had a different idea. The basics are important for her, but in order to raise the school realistically, there must be tangible results.

"These children have different personalities. Trying to unify them under the name of a class from the beginning is futile. If you see room for improvement, you should actively push it."

Saad and Shiina never shied away from controversy, but they kept their mouths shut for now.

A certified second-class archmage was in such a position.

The criteria for classifying wizards are globally unified. It was called a line, and it was a huge manpower network system that managed all the wizards.

There are three lines in the world, and among them, the channel with the widest bandwidth was the Red Line, hosted by the Magic Association.

Classifying public and non-officials, all wizards who receive titles from 1st to 10th rank belong to the red line.

The teachers under Red Line's system knew how incredibly difficult it would be to rise to Olivia's position.

Since there are usually less than 5 certified first-class wizards in the kingdom, even a certified second-class wizard is called the pinnacle of the red line.

Therefore, no matter how eccentric a philosophy is, if it has risen to the second grade, there is no way to refute it.

Ethella said. It was a red line as Joner, but on the other hand, he was a monk who had nothing to do with the magician manpower network, so he had more freedom to speak than other teachers.

"Students in the advanced class still lack an understanding of magic. I think it's important to find your own personality that others can't imitate, not just a personality that's enough to be different from others. That's why we pay more attention to the basics."

The faces of the teachers became contemplative. On the other hand, Sade and Shiina secretly raised their thumbs. Even though she had a mild impression, it was Ethella who was hard on the inside.

"Do you think so? like. If so, how about checking how faithful the students taught by Etela are to the basics through a lifting evaluation method?"

I had heard about the lifting evaluation method at an academic conference in Etelado. It is said that it is more objective than other evaluation methods, and it was an effective test for estimating the overall level of the Spirit Zone.

Shirone and the others felt their hearts skip a beat at the teachers' fighting spirit.

"Hwiyu, Mr. Etella and the principal are no joke."

"Yeah. Is this really going to happen?"

"no way. Even Shiina-sensei can't say a word."

Ethella nodded confidently.

"great. I am not proud of it, but I am proud that the basic skills of the students I taught are comparable to any other school."

"Then let's begin. Has any of you ever trained for Spirit Zone lifting in Class Four?"

The only people who raised their hands were Dante and his party. Alpheas refused on the grounds that it could not prove its effectiveness, but the Royal Magic School had already officially adopted it a year ago.

"like. Then, since everyone is curious about the transfer student's skills, can Dante-kun come out and demonstrate it?"

"Yes. It's an honor for me, Headmaster."

As Dante walked to the image zone, Olivia instructed the teacher to set the target's sensitivity to maximum.

Etella explained the lifting to the students.

"The lifting test is an item to evaluate the function of the spirit zone as a whole. It is to hold a target with strong repulsive force in the spirit zone. As the spirit zone bounces off in an unspecified direction according to changes in density, specific gravity, and shape, the longer the spirit zone is maintained, the better the spirit zone function."

Dante took his place in the center of the image zone. With a snap of her fingers, a spherical target was born on the top of her head.

=======================================
[232] 4. Combat Simulation (2)





The moment I entered the spirit zone, the target trembled as if electrocuted.

Then, according to the change of mind, it began to bounce off in an unpredictable trajectory.

As the target tried to leave the spirit zone, Dante used all four methods to secure space.

Then, through the instantaneous concentration of a mental pulse, he pulled quickly.

When the target returned to the center, it went rampant again.

Every time that happened, Dante skillfully changed the shape of the four ways to control the target so that it did not escape.

As time passed, the target's movement became faster and its trajectory changed dramatically.

In some sections, it vibrated as if it were trapped in a wall, and in other sections, it stretched out more than 10 meters at full power.

The students were nervous just watching.

As it flew so fast that even the target type with the longest range could not catch it, the sound leaked out by itself.

"Uh huh?"

At that moment, Dante expanded the Spirit Zone in a sequential manner.

As the distance of the target type increased, the target was locked up again. Without a doubt, a mental pulse arose and dragged the target.

People onlookers were at a loss for words at the operation of the Spirit Zone, which was close to a stunt.

Olivia interrupted after a minute had passed.

"stop. The demonstration seems to be enough."

Dante pulled the target over the top of his head and released the spirit zone.

The students watched in awe.

The ability to move the target in the desired direction, even for an instant, was impossible with ordinary mental power.

"This is the lifting test. With Class Four, you should be able to hold it for about a minute. Then, shall we demonstrate with other students? From what I hear, the Shirone is... ... ."

Boyle raised his hand.

"I'll do it."

It was a strategy to comfort Shirone, but Olivia was embarrassed when another student raised her hand out of nowhere.

For one minute of lifting, it was much higher than the average of Class Four.

Even Dante, who practiced as soon as the test was introduced, was unable to do so for two minutes.

"I am the first in Class Four. I am confident."

Olivia's eyes shone.

It's a pity that it's not Shirone, but the comparison with the first place in the advanced class will serve as objective data to pressure Etella.

"like. It's your first time, so try it as if you're learning your senses."

Boyle walked briskly to the Image Zone.

As I climbed the stairs, I glared at Dante, but he only shrugged his shoulders and moved away.

Boyle's lifting began while the students watched with nervous faces.

Upon entering the Spirit Zone, the target reacted strongly.

It was much more difficult than expected. It was like a rubber ball bouncing inside my skull.

Although he is maintaining his lifting as a talent of being the first in the advanced class, the cycle of pulling with his mental pulse has become significantly shorter.

In the end, the conversion speed of the four methods could not catch up with the speed of the target, and the target left the spirit zone.

"Whoa, whoa."

Boyle took a deep breath. He thought it was fine for a first try.

However, the faces of the students were dark.

His eyes shook in shock as he checked the display board.

21 seconds.

It was less than half of Dante's performance.

If I practiced, I might be able to get a higher score, but even so, it seemed difficult to maintain one minute.

"damn! damn!"

Boyle went back to her seat with her head down.

He had no face to see Ethella.

His own failure proved that Etella's pupils were inferior to Olivia's pupils in basic skills.

But Olivia wasn't happy, and she didn't scold Ethella.

It was a childish motivation at the beginning, but as a person who has been involved in the teaching profession for the rest of his life, he was serious about the work of the school.

"Boyle did well too. 20 seconds on the first try is very compliant. I am not one to ignore the basics. What I want to say is, no matter how basic, you should have a function. In an era where students across the country are taking specialization courses, if you insist on only the standard, you will end up being weeded out."

When I heard it, it made sense.

For the first time, teachers had the idea that they might be wrong.

Could it be that he was immersed in mannerisms without realizing it?

To keep up with the changing times, fresh stimulation is needed.

Perhaps that was the reason why Alpheas took the initiative to bring Olivia.

Olivia brought smiles to the students.

When the woman with a cold impression smiled, her beauty seemed to stand out even more.

"Now, you guys might want to try it too. So today, let's practice lifting in a free class. It's the first day, so it's important to get used to the senses, so do whatever you want. Then the practice begins."

The students flocked to it as if they had been given a new toy.

Olivia did not leave her seat and watched the students practice with delight.

Thinking that there would be nothing to do today, Etella headed to where the teachers were.

Approaching Sade and Shiina, she drooped her shoulders.

"sorry. It's like hitting a rock with an egg."

Sade comforted Etella.

"haha! Don't think so. Still, I feel refreshed because Teacher Etella said what she had to say. Besides, Dante is number one in the kingdom. Boyle's fundamentals are never inferior."

Shiina thought the same.

There may be a difference in level, but if Boyle had practiced lifting, it would have been a good match.

Considering that most summoning wizards see the light only after their 30s, Boyle, who reached the top of the advanced class at a young age, was a rare genius.

"What I am worried about is the future. Now that Dante has won, the principal's influence will be strengthened. If not done, the foundation of the school may be shaken."

"Ah, please. What you can do in the advanced class is limited anyway."

In a situation where there is a senior class, it is impossible to apply high-intensity training to advanced students.

Above all, it wasn't even that clumsy curriculum.

But Shiina was uneasy.

He thought that Olivia's actions with Dante at the fore had some intention.

The three watched the students doing lifting exercises.

After some adaptation, most of the students did well, and Boyle and Pandora showed off their skills worthy of a leading group.

Shiina pointed at Shirone and the others.

"what? What are they doing?"

Shirone, Nade, and Iruki became a team and were lifting with one target.

The children also stopped practicing and looked at the strange idea.

One person locked the target and it bounced off, and the other person picked it up and lifted it again.

"Oh, oh, oh! This is fun."

When Nade imprisoned the target with clumsiness, Iruki's Spirit Zone came in and intercepted it.

The next moment, Shirone took the target and moved it to the back.

The two people without a target ran terribly, and Shirone held out for a long time before losing the initiative to Nade again.

Now all the students were staring at Shirone and the others.

Even though it was a group that had been doing bad things since Class 5, I was envious of the way they were enjoying themselves without the burden of competition.

"By the way, was Shirone's Spirit Zone that big?"

"Oh, yes. Did you raise it too much?"

The students of Class Four immediately noticed the change in Shirone.

It is common sense to do special training during vacation, so there will be no students without achievements, but Shirone's development was phenomenal.

Dante and the others couldn't help but point out Shirone's Spirit Zone.

"Wow, that's really big. That's enough to be within the top 30 ranks at the Royal Magic School."

"Sheesh! Well, at least it's about the same as Dante. Lifting doesn't seem to work for Dante, so I turn it that way. A typical loser mentality. Isn't that right, Dante?"

Dante's answer was not forthcoming. I was just watching Shirone and the others lifting.

"Cheuk, kids. Shall we demonstrate ourselves?"

Closer took Sabina to the Image Zone. Then the children took care of themselves and left their seats.

Their lifting skills were not inferior to Dante's in the slightest.

In particular, Sabina instantly twisted her mind and showed off her whirlwind skills. When the splendidly entwined target returned just before it left, the students erupted in exclamation.

Thanks to this, teachers were also able to check the skills of the former students.

Olivia's disciples were definitely amazing.

Even Sade, who suffered most from her, couldn't help admitting it.

"You are literally the best talent in the kingdom. How about Ms. Etella? As a Joner, let's evaluate Dante's skills."

"Um, it's hard to evaluate it just by lifting, but it definitely has a unique aspect. I think kids these days have a really good sense of magic."

Shiina said.

"But it is also sad. Talent is great, but is it light? I think kids these days see magic as a tool to show off themselves."

"Magic has been my life since I was young, so it's only natural. Sorcerer's spirit, passion? I guess that's gone. They only seek glamor and fame. In that sense, Shirone, Iruki, and Nade have a classic side to them, hehe."

Etella looked at Shirone and the others and smiled.

There was a time when magic was a child's dream. However, for children in the metropolitan area, it was shaped like an accessory that made them stand out even more.

There will be no way to stop the flow of changing times.

Still, it was nice to see Shirone and his friends, who still had pure passion.

When the game of biting and biting was over, Shirone came down from the image zone gasping for breath.

I was sweating a lot, and I felt relieved.

While Shirone was wiping his sweat with a towel given to him by a female junior, Dante approached.

No one informed, but the students stopped practicing and fixed their eyes.

It was the moment when the two finally met face to face.

Dante stared at Shirone's face.

'Is this the guy Master told me to defeat?'

Looking at Shirone's impression, no one would have thought that she was strong.

It was the reason Closer and Sabina didn't get nervous even after receiving Olivia's special order.

But it's not about fighting.

In addition to his innate talent, his vigilant and thorough disposition also played a part in establishing the myth of being undefeated at the Royal Magic School.

"nice to meet. It is called Dante."

Dante held out his hand first.

The children were surprised by the completely different attitude from what they saw in the classroom. The person whose pride was hurt more than anyone else was Boyle.

However, Shirone, unaware of this fact, accepted it as a favor and held Dante's hand.

"Yeah, I've heard a lot about it."

"Of course it was. I heard too. Are you an unlocker? It's perfect for stepping on it. Oh, of course I don't mean to disparage you."

"haha! yes. Let's do our best in the future."

Despite the active provocation, Shirone did not look bad.

Dante stopped trying to analyze his inner thoughts, thinking that it only complicated his thoughts.

"Anyway, let's get along. If you have any questions, feel free to ask anything. Because in learning there are no teachers or friends. If you want, I will teach you properly."

"yes?"

When Shirone tilted his head, Dante became displeased.

No matter how dark the situation is, it is only natural to check the opponent who threatens his kingship when he transfers school. He really didn't know, so I couldn't believe he was reacting like this.

"You don't know what that means? You say photon magic is your major?"

"uh. My main specialty is photon magic."

"Me too. My nickname is Shining Boy. do not know?"

Shirone finally realized his mistake and stuck out his tongue.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I really didn't know. I don't read academic journals."

"You didn't know?"

It was Dante, the kingdom's number one prospect in the photon line.

It was just an excuse to not know what all students at magic school knew, that they hadn't read the academic journals.

"It's quite a provocation. There will be no shortage against me."

"No, because I didn't know. It's not on purpose. I'm really sorry."

=======================================
[233] 4. Combat Simulation (3)





Dante could not bear the insult any longer.

"This is real! Are you so funny to me? You want me to believe that?"

"What Shirone said is true."

Iruki came over and wrapped his arms around Shirone's shoulders.

"It's understandable that you're excited, but Shirone really doesn't know you. Because it hasn't been a year since I entered magic school. This is the second semester."

Dante pursed his lips with a bewildered expression. Since the semester had just begun, it was only half a year in terms of duration. Still, it was difficult for common sense to understand that the size of the Spirit Zone was the same as his own.

'No, no. These things are unreasonable and they drive me.'

Dante feigned a calm expression and snorted.

"Hmph, so you're saying everyone kneeled before a guy who only learned magic for half a year? Do you think all the kids in this school are trash?"

The students were angry, but they couldn't bear to argue because Dante's words were true.

The only qualified person was the person involved, Shirone.

"Why are you talking that way? You don't learn magic to beat someone."

"haha! You speak well. Well, I haven't seen your skills myself."

Whatever the reason magic was born, modern society is a system of infinite competition. In such a situation, it was either the ideal of the weak or the pretense of the strong to consider the essence.

Concluding that it was the latter, Dante stood up on his tiptoe and looked down at Shirone.

"I will expose all your lies. Look forward to it."



@



At the end of the day, the advanced class teachers gathered in the conference room.

Olivia was carefully recording the problems she found while looking at the school today. Then she put the new paper on her desk and she started the meeting.

"Since we went on a field trip together, there is no need for long words. If this is the case, the ranking of the school will drop even further. I think extraordinary measures are needed."

It was already expected that Olivia would set off the bomb. But what kind of bomb it was was a question.

"I tried this and that, but it is true that there is no suitable alternative within the advanced class. But there is one way. It is borrowing the system of the senior class."

The teachers' eyes widened. Olivia proclaimed before the unbelievable emotion even crossed her mind.

"We request that the combat simulation training center, Icheonbeon(), be opened to advanced classes."

Sad hit the table and got up.

"principal! Twenty thousand is too dangerous. Even seniors are using the training ground under the control of teachers."

"What is the danger? You don't have to deal with the students. Even if 2,000 times is close to actual combat, you can lower the synchro rate."

Olivia was sincere and Sade calmly persuaded.

"There is also a right side to the principal's way. It is also true that we were overprotective of the advanced class children. But I dare to say that the level is not so low as for the senior class. The competition is intense enough, and I think it's okay to train only for those kids."

"If the middle class is not fierce, how can the upper class be fierce? It's going from the advanced class to the senior class, where do you get the senior class of this school? You cannot innovate with that mindset. You will have to think differently."

Ethella said.

"But then what about the senior year? We open 2,000 times a day."

"I know of two training camps. If you add the Colosseum, the graduation examination hall, there are three places. If you allocate your time well, you could use at least one of them in an advanced class."

Teachers shut up. It is a senior year because it is practiced through 2,000 times. It's not that it can't be applied to advanced classes, but we had to pay attention to the intangible value of pride in the senior class.

Above all, it went against the educational philosophy of Alfeas, who had worked hard for the school for decades.

As the silence grew longer, the atmosphere became unsure whether it was a meeting or a fight. Olivia, patiently waiting for her opinion, nodded her head.

"Okay, that's it. Are you saying you can't hear me because I'm a temporary worker? Is Mr. Alpheas still the principal in your hearts?"

"Oh, no. never that... ... !"

"You can be honest. If you are human, you can do that. But don't be mistaken. As the current teachers' council auditor and former principal of the Royal Magic School, I did not enter the school just to plug up Alpheas' hole. Mr. Alfeas knows that fact better than anyone else, and that is why he came to me and begged me."

Sadd broke out in a cold sweat. As Olivia said, her current principal was her. And teachers must admit that fact.

But if it doesn't, it won't. She is not there after 6 months. As the philosophy of Alpheas is the history and tradition of the school, it must be maintained.

"No one is denying Miss Olivia's reputation. I also respect you with all my heart. However, such a sudden request also... ... ."

"Follow Olivia's words."

The teachers turned around in unison. Alpheas, who entered through the back door, was smiling. When the spiritual anchor of her teachers appeared, Olivia showed her displeasure.

"What? Are you watching? As far as I know there is no reason for me to seek permission from Alfeas, who has been entrusted with full authority."

"It could be. I felt like I could hear ultrasound while taking a walk. Heh heh heh!"

"Then don't mind, former principal."

"Before I go, I want to personally say something to my disciple. Saad, the principal of the school is definitely Olivia's. You should know that well."

"All right."

As Alpheas stepped forward and hit the wedge, the other teachers also had nothing to say. I wondered if I had really handed over all powers to the temporary headmaster for six months, but now I had no doubts.

"Chuck! Then the idle old man will stop going."

Olivia snorted. But he didn't have any more heartache. It was something I definitely needed to do once in a while.

When Olivia looked back at Sade, he lowered his head and said, having finished preparing his mind.

"I will notify the advanced class."



@



A notice was posted on the advanced class bulletin board. In the future, the integrated education was to be conducted at the 27th training ground.

The lower class was confused, but the upper class, who knew where it was, couldn't help but be nervous.

Nade and Iruki also intuited that the situation was not serious.

"There are two thousand times there, right? Is this really okay?"

"You didn't expect it to end like this anyway. What does it matter? Not even dying."

It wasn't like Iruki said he would die, but it was true that it was dangerous.

Even though it was a battle simulation, it wasn't like a war game where I used to make sound effects with my mouth as a child.

"I am still nervous. Are you really going to do it?"

"I don't know. If you look at the current principal's disposition, it could be. You said pragmatism. Anyway, let's go tell Shirone."

Nade looked around.

"By the way, where did Shirone go, aren't you even eating dinner?"

"You skipped it. I decided to see it at the study meeting tonight. I heard there is something to do at the training ground."

"this time?"

"It's a bit like doing it when it's quiet. The only time to practice is now."

"no way... ... Ataraxia?"

Iruki gave a meaningful smile.

"It's a good time to spy. Let's go."



@



Shirone stood alone in the training ground with no one around. Even skipping meals, the reason he came here was to train Ataraxia.

The preparation time of one minute was too long for him to think about. Since the magic circle is not restricted by space, it can be used as a siege weapon, but it is not about jumping into a war right away, and actions that cause mass casualties require careful consideration.

'If you practice hundreds and thousands of times, you'll get used to it. Probably only once a day.'

The lack of repetitive training was also an obstacle to training Ataraxia. But Shirone did not give up. Hadn't she done it even when she decided to read a history book in the Ogent family library? Everything accelerates, so if you walk hard, you will be running at some point.

"great! Let's try."

Shirone casts a halo. A circle with a diameter of one meter was born before his eyes, sucking in countless concepts.

The five-colored colors flooding in from the front were a dreamy sight at any time. After passing a certain level, a multidimensional structure beyond the realm of understanding was engraved, and Ataraxia was born.

Shirone fixed her spell while glaring at the target in front. Since he had no physical power if it was a photon output rather than a photon cannon, he could use his magic to his heart's content.

"Hey, Shirone... ... !"

The moment Nade and Iruki entered the training ground, a huge beam of light was shot from the magic circle of Ataraxia.

Looking down from the sky, the training ground was so bright that even the distant students turned their heads when they noticed that the other side of the mountain was getting brighter.

Nade and Iruki widened their eyes. I felt a thrill just with the amount of light output.

It is not a size that humans can handle. It felt like a phenomenon that could only be seen in Mother Nature had been moved right in front of my eyes. What remains in the place where the light has passed?

Surprisingly, not a speck of dust rose. Iruki realized that the magic Shirone cast was a photon output. Cold sweat broke out on his back. If it had been a Photon Cannon, the cliff blocking the training ground would have disappeared.

'As expected, Shirone. It has to be that much for my special move to shine.'

Nade moved his legs awkwardly, like someone who had forgotten how to walk.

"Hey, Shirone. this... ... ."

Before Nade could finish his words, Shirone collapsed with a thump.

Originally, some level of consciousness remained, but since it was only a training session a day, it was because he poured all his energy into it.

"Shirone, Shirone! Come to your senses."

Nade pulled Shirone up and patted her on the cheek. Horrible imaginations rushed in because sometimes wizards died while demonstrating unreasonable magic.

Contrary to her worries, Shirone quickly opened her eyes.

"uh? When did you come?"

"It's fine? I mean, I've been here since I wrote Ataraxia or something."

"ha ha ha! saw? I was trying to save it."

Shirone stood up with her hands on the floor. He stumbled, but not to the point of being unbearable.

Iruki approached without taking his eyes off the target.

"The magic cast in heaven must have been Ataraxia plus Photon Cannon, right? How destructive is that? Now that I've seen this, I can't tell you to try it."

"right. There are probably very few cases where such strong power is used in real life. Still, I want to keep trimming. The problem is that it takes too long."

"Not necessarily. Maybe there will be an opportunity to write right away in real life."

"yes? What are you talking about? Is it a chance?"

Iruki looked back at Ned. At first, he came to catch Shirone and complain, but as things turned out, he became interested.

"I'm going to train 2,000 times tomorrow. The headmaster said he would."

"Two thousand? what is that?"

Iruki pointed to the sky and said.

"Virtual agony."

Nade added.

"It's a combat simulation system for archmages only."



@



Ten minutes before the advanced class integrated class began, students' tension was higher than usual.

Training Ground 27 was an open field cut flat from the mountain, and the floor was densely finished with small metal blocks.

Four pylons were erected along the outer rim, which seemed to be 7 meters high.

The teachers who supervised the education were Shiina, Saad, and Etela. The students were satisfied because they could receive guidance from all the popular teachers.

=======================================
[234] 4. Combat Simulation (4)





Olivia, who visited the training ground, stood in front of the students.

"Since this is the first class, I will explain it myself. You will be confused by the sudden change of subject. But a mage must be strong. You probably know something about the 2,000 times. It is a device developed by Louis Jacobin, a pioneer of hextech, and is a system designed to enable real-life combat even in training situations."

The name Jacobin sounded loud to Nade like through a loudspeaker.

As the world's best magic engineer, he was the one who created the extraordinary masterpiece called Image Zone.

With the advent of the Image Zone, it became possible to see the Spirit Zone, and the system developed to 2,000 times.

People in the world pay tribute to the battle mage's splendid reputation, but who raised the battle mage?

If it weren't for the Jacobin device, the level of wizards would have been stagnant for 30 years.

"Mr. Sade, please give me the master bracelet."

Sade brought 2 bracelets. Olivia wore it on her wrist and then showed it to her students.

"Here is a red bracelet and a blue bracelet. Each bracelet has a different function, so don't swap them with your friends. The red bracelet converts the wizard's state into information, and the blue bracelet converts the external state into information. Those two pieces of information are transmitted to the tower to realize the virtual world. Everyone, try it too."

Students received a pair of bracelets. When I put it on my wrist, red and blue lights turned on.

"Then, from now on, I will operate it two thousand times."

When the administrator activated the system, the ground began to shake as if an earthquake had occurred. As the height of the physical blocks on the floor changed, a complex zone was created as if realizing the natural environment.

When a virtual landscape they had never seen before was overlaid, the students opened their mouths in a daze.

I heard about it from seniors in my senior year, but when I actually encountered it, it was a sense of reality that was incomparable to that.

The fictional landscape was the urban area of ??Creas City. No one passed by, but the scene where hundreds of houses were close to each other was enough to believe that it was real.

"City is not good. Please change to another scenery."

The arrangement of blocks began to change. Blocks on the northeast border, which accounted for a quarter of the total area, descended all at once.

The water rose in the hollow and created a lake, and from there the surrounding landscape turned into a forest.

It was a heavenly mountain, untouched by human footsteps.

"It is also a prestigious school. It is difficult to make a lake even two thousand times. More than 80 percent of the natural features are physical blocks, but the scenery is all created virtually. The blue bracelet receives the information and transmits it to your brain. Therefore, when you take off the bracelet, only the physics block remains. Take a look around first. I'll give you 10 minutes."

The students entered two thousand times in rows. Even though no one told them to, the fact that they didn't break the line was proof that they were nervous.

It was common to see things in the mountains, but even the rolling stones were amazing. Shirone and the others went to the lake and looked around.

When Nade touched the wood, the blue bracelet glowed, conveying texture.

"It's awesome. This isn't even a physical block, is it really virtual?"

"The leaves look real too."

Shirone tore off the leaves. It did not disappear and was placed on the palm like a real thing.

Iruki approached the lake and scooped water with his hand to drink it.

"how? Does it taste like water?"

"It's not that much, it's going to be a year at all. Of course it would be an illusion. The brain determined that it was water. This is a bit dangerous."

Shirone thought the same. What if it was fire instead of water? Will the brain perceive the information of the heat and the body will burn?

It may not be that much because it is not a real fire. But it was unpredictable.

Shirone looked back at Nade, who was well versed in this.

"Nade, this... ... ."

"yes! Similar to the spirit zone mechanic! It's amazing! Louis Jacobin embodies the human spirit through mechanical devices."

If the biologist's dream is to replace human organs with prosthetic organs, the engineer's ultimate goal is a machine that thinks like a human.

Although still far away, at least the Jacobins seemed to have succeeded in informatizing the human mind.

"When I decided to open Icheonbeon to advanced classes, I heard there was a lot of resistance from the teachers. I guess now I know why. I could die if I didn't."

"Yes, I could die."

Olivia was approaching before she knew it.

"If I could die... ... ."

"But don't worry. Except for the graduation exam, the synchro rate is not set to 100%. Currently, the filter is off for demonstration, but it will be around 50% when you experience it. The graduating class is 80 percent. These are the regulations set forth in the Kingdom Education Act."

said Iruki.

"Even if it's 50 percent, it's not necessarily safe, right?"

"You are surprisingly timid, Iruki-kun."

"I don't want to be a fool who unknowingly jumps in and dies."

Olivia stared at Iruki. She was once a child who was considered to be on the same level as Dante.

However, I remember that the Royal Magic School was not a place that was easy enough to accept the students' arrogance, and eventually dropped out.

'Is there only three tongues left now? It's a pity.'

Olivia looked back at the students and said.

"Iruki-kun is right. Two thousand times is dangerous. But it's a risk you can control. Already at the Royal Magic School, students are trained close to actual practice by freely adjusting the synchro rate from 1% to 100% according to their level. I'm not saying take risks, I'm just saying you have control."

There is no need to apply a high synchro rate. It was said that since it is definitely education, if you practice according to the level, your sense of practice will naturally rise.

When the students returned to their seats, Olivia started the 2,000th lesson in earnest.

"The bracelet I am wearing is for the Master, unlike you. It has become a device that can control 2,000 different functions. Then let me show you what makes it different."

A 60 cm long red gauge floated above Olivia's head.

"This is my mental strength expressed as a percentage. Of course, you won't be able to see the gauges during practice. First, let me explain what it does. Mr. Sade, please call the monster."

Master bracelets share a function. It was designed so that even if one teacher tried to endanger the students, as long as the other teachers were wearing the master bracelet, nothing dangerous would happen.

"All right. But there... ... With what?"

In an embarrassing situation, like choosing a lunch menu, Sade gave up the option.

Olivia also put her chin on her chin and struggled, as if it were ambiguous.

"Hmm, is it version 6.2?"

"Yes, this is the latest version. I updated my information 10 days ago."

"Then the demons must have been added. Let's do it as a succubus."

The students' eyes widened.

"Sir, a succubus? You mean you can really call a succubus?"

Demons are a powerful race on a different level from monsters. It is found in closed spaces such as ancient towers and underground labyrinths that have been cut off from human footsteps, and even in such areas, the country prohibited entry unless it was a party of 6th grade or higher.

Considering that the gods in mythology had the characteristics of demons, it was an established theory that the collective consciousness of the ancients was reflected.

The fact that new demons are not appearing in modern times where individuality is emphasized was also an opinion that supported the orthodoxy.

Since the concept of good and evil was unclear in ancient times, taboos beyond imagination were practiced.

The stimulation enjoyed by the people at the time was so intense that it could not be felt even in modern warfare, and it was the demons called ancient gods that sublimated that desire.

As it is widely believed that the succubus also occurred during an orgy, it was only natural that the curious students were nervous.

"Then let's begin."

After finding the code name of the succubus, THAAD transmitted the information to the central control room.

As the light shot from the four spiers, translucent objects fluttered in the secluded landscape, and a succubus was realized.

The students looked at each other without even blinking. I was looking forward to it because I had come across it in novels or myths rather than in professional books, but unlike my expectations, it was a terrible appearance.

The naked woman's body was blue as if it were bruised, and ugly bat wings hung on her back.

Her eyes were straight, her nose was perfectly upturned, and her teeth were so messed up that her lips would stick out even when she closed her mouth. Like her corpse, her bluish lips added to the grotesque.

"Um, is that a succubus?"

The male students made disgusted faces. No matter how beautiful the body was, other ugly features aroused disgust.

Olivia looked into the succubus' face. She was reported as an auditor by the Teachers' Association, but this was the first time she actually checked.

He nodded his head when he saw that the characteristics of the succubus he had defeated in his childhood were well contained.

"Well, this is fine. The demons were dubious about the lack of data."

Olivia caught the attention of the students by clapping.

"Come on, everyone. This will be your first time seeing a succubus. It looks like this. Monsters that are implemented 2,000 times are being updated based on information from numerous explorers and scholars. It's the first time I've seen the demon version. Then let's see how well you implemented your obscurity this time."

When THAAD converted to test mode, the succubus' appearance began to change.

The students opened their mouths with bewildered faces. In particular, saliva leaked from the mouths of men.

A succubus with straight black hair, white skin and a neat face was smiling. Of course, he was completely naked.

"Hey, Headmaster. There are still young students, but this kind of... ... ."

Saad said, but Olivia rather moved away so they could take a closer look.

"Well, how are you? Can this be called beautiful?"

A thunderous roar erupted from the men.

"Wow! it's the best! really great!"

"I don't think I would get bored with a class like this all day long."

Olivia had a pretty eye smile.

"Then you are all dead."

The hall became quiet as if cold water had been poured on it.

"No matter how they look, they are demons in essence. What is a demon? It's an ugly mistake made by humans who lived a long time ago. There is only one thing to judge when you see demons. Can you kill it or not? The moment you make any other judgment, your neck will be rolling on the floor."

Olivia nodded to Sade, and the succubus returned to its original ugly form.

The children felt terrified at the thought of seeing such a monster and being ecstatic for a moment.

"There is a saying. Seeing is the spirit. It's just that the appearance of a succubus can shake the spirit zone. To deal with demons, you must have a party of at least level 6 or higher. At that level, a moment of inattention leads to annihilation. Whether the swordsman is distracted or the surgeon rushes to the wounded, the mage must not be swayed. Because we keep a cool eye on the situation, our comrades are able to carry out their mission at full strength. That's why mages are the party's first priority to survive, and even if they die, they must die last."

The students were listening intently. It was the first class to tell about what is happening on the front lines.

This was also the practical education advocated by Olivia.

"How is it? This is the two-thousand-fold efficiency. No matter how much I explain it in words, it is a world different from seeing it with my own eyes. Of course, fighting the demons is a story in the distant future. However, 2,000 Battles is one of the graduation exam subjects. If you make this mistake in the Colosseum, you are eliminated. Sending a wizard like that to the battlefield would kill my comrades."

=======================================
[235] 4. Combat Simulation (5)





Shirone was also engraved. No matter what profession he later pursues, a wizard must be able to protect himself and his comrades. This is because they are given tasks that ordinary people cannot do. For wizards who used to sit at a desk and rummage through papers, hiring a scholar was much more efficient.

"Then let's get started. I'm going to test you as a succubus, so please call me a mercenary soldier this time."

Sade immediately destroyed the succubus as if he had been waiting for the words to come out. Upon entering the dragon soldier's code, a steel-colored skull was projected 2,000 times.

The students burst into cheers again. The dragon soldier was a magical creature made from the dragon's fangs. It was so strong that it was almost ineffective with physical attacks, so it was a monster so strong that it would be beneficial to run away unless there was a divine mage who had learned to turn undead.

"I will bring a teacher in for a demonstration."

"I will."

THAAD came out. He honestly hates to do it, but he couldn't let Shiina or Ethella go. She didn't want to see a woman get beaten up by a mercenary.

"Even though it's virtual, the information we receive is based on actual dragon soldiers, so it's safe to say it's a real battle. So let's go lightly with a sync rate of 50%. are you okay?"

"haha! of course. What about 50 percent?"

Actually it wasn't okay. Even for a certified 6th grade wizard, the dragon soldier was a powerful monster. No matter how much the shock came in, I couldn't guarantee that my mind would be able to withstand it.

"Then, Mr. Sade will be attacked by mercenary soldiers."

The dragon soldier approached with thumping footsteps.

'scary. Damn it.'

Sade waited with a trembling expression. The eyes of the students widened as the huge skeleton approached right in front of them and raised the relic-like sword.

It was a great force.

"uh? uh huh?"

The mercenary's arm fell at a terrifying speed.

As the virtual sword passed through Sade's body, the percentage gauge floating above his head was cut by 50%.

Saad struggled to keep a calm expression.

"As you can see, Mr. Sade's mental strength has been reduced by half. This is because if you get cut by the sword, you die. Since the current synchro rate is 50%, it was only cut in half. The hologram pierces through when the mage is hit with death. This is called 'eaten'. Then I'll show you the defense roll this time. Mr. Sade."

Sade, like a skilled teaching assistant, immediately cast magic. When he used his air skin, his body was covered with a film of compressed air, and the percentage gauge slashed by 1 percent.

Since it was a numerical value of mental strength, the gauge decreased not only when attacked but also when casting magic.

"Now, let's get attacked by dragon soldiers."

The dragon soldier raised his arm and lowered his sword. This time, it was different from the eating judgment. The blade came to a stop as if it had been stabbed into the crown of Sade. The percentage gauge is down 1.8 percent.

Olivia nodded in satisfaction.

"It's great too. I got 48.2% defense for 1% of the cost of the air skin. If you think of it as a real battle, you're in a state where your mind is hardly disturbed even after being hit by the mercenary soldier who did his best. You know how strong Mr. Sade is, right?"

All the students said yes out loud. If the destructive power of a certified 6th-level magician's spirit was reduced by 1.8 percent, the advanced class students would die instantly just by brushing against it.

Saad raised his shoulders proudly. He didn't seem to need to disclose the fact that he had developed an enormous sequence just before he was hit.

"If the hologram does not penetrate, it is called 'blockage'. Eating and clogging. When these two judgments occur, the spirit is taken away through anti-magic and magic control technology."

Mana control was a technique that blocked certain circuits in the brain and made it impossible to concentrate.

The spirit zone is a phenomenon in which the entire brain is activated, so concentration becomes impossible even if only a part of the cerebral network is blocked.

When one circuit is blocked, the brain immediately bypasses another route to transmit information.

However, since the magic control device also changes the interception path at a rate of 20 times per second, a phenomenon that can be conceived but cannot enter the spirit zone occurs.

Of course, it is possible to enter the spirit zone by exceeding the 20-time blocking rate per second and bypassing irregular patterns.

However, the association's official position was that it was impossible without a certified second-class archmage or higher.

It's true that it's a great skill, but the students weren't interested in mana control.

It was natural that he would not be interested in it unless he was a person with a dream of becoming an engineer because it was not crazy and was originally developed to be used by criminals.

But at the word anti-magic, I couldn't help but be intimidated.

"Principal, anti-magic is... ... ."

"Yes, I know what you are worried about. It's mind-damaging magic. But don't worry, there's no big risk unless the synchro rate is 80 percent or higher."

Olivia firmly finished and moved on.

"Then we move on to the attack roll. It's what we call 'the jungle'. Mr. Sade."

This time it was the turn to attack the mercenaries. But THAAD had no choice but to whet its appetite.

If you can't use divine magic, you need enough physical power to break a dragon's teeth or enough firepower to melt them.

It's not impossible if you do your best, but I didn't want to show the appearance of using a dragon in front of students.

"Hey, the dragon soldier... ... ."

"Oh, I see. Let me do it."

Sade stepped down and Olivia took his place.

Looking at the dragon soldier, she lightly raised her hand and cast the divine magic Holy Cross.

At the same time as the brilliance burst from the palm of the hand, a large cross of light exploded in the dragon soldier's stomach.

The shocked dragon soldier staggered back.

"This is the jungle. Virtual information can't push your body away, but holograms can. The death of monsters also belongs to the jungle. Let me demonstrate."

Olivia pursed her lips softly. A high-pitched high-pitched sound leaked from between her lustrous parted lips.

When he cast Holy Cross, the cross, four times larger than before, smashed the dragon soldier.

The students' eyes widened at the sight of the bones dancing in the sky.

The teachers were also shocked.

As the highest authority in the spirit of the word magic, he easily performed the high-level technique of the super sound technique, the monophonic technique.

Shiina looked at her with a complicated feeling. She tried to hold out as long as she could until Alpheas returned, but there was no way to stop her well-springing respect.

"Awesome. Looking at the amplification power, it must have been more than 2,000 syllables."

"Looks like it took 0.82 seconds. I read five pages of a novel in less than a second."

I got goosebumps at Etela's realistic analogy.

Even if I tried to imagine, I couldn't get a sense of how fast it was.

"The basics of commandments are rumination and spitting out. Pronunciation is the same, but the speed of thought is terrifying."

"Yes, that's why S-class criminals are filled with inferno instead of magic control devices to make them unable to even think. Of course, the headmaster is not a criminal."

The most surprising was the fact that the gauge representing Olivia's mental strength did not decrease even after casting the magic.

It would have been a decrease of less than 0.1 percent. Smashing her dragon bottle seemed to be more comfortable for her than breathing.

"This concludes the two thousand basic explanations. Classes will be held alternately between Image Zone and 2,000, so make sure to check the timetable carefully. Class 7 sets the synchro rate to 20%, and raises it by 10% step by step to 50% for Class 4. For reference, the senior class is currently training at 80% and at the graduation exam it is 100%. If you have any additional questions, ask now."

A Class Four student raised his hand.

"What if the gauge is all reduced?"

"okay. Look at Mr. Sade's gauge."

The eyes of the students turned to Sade. Suddenly, his gauge was full.

"The Spirit Gauge reflects the wizard's spirit in real time. It decreases when attacked, and also decreases when casting magic. Of course, when you take a break, it will be replenished. If it reaches 0%, the two bracelets will glow and the 2,000th effect will disappear. Another question?"

"uh... ... Is that really all?"

Olivia smiled.

"Yes, that's all. Through 2,000 hands-on training, you will be able to significantly increase your tactical and strategic understanding. Above all, the key features of 2,000 have not yet been released, so there is no need to be nervous."

The teachers' faces darkened.

The reason why the efficiency of 2,000 times was acknowledged but limited to the senior class was because of this problem.

"No matter how strong a monster is, it is nothing more than artificially collected dead information. Having a pattern means that you can also find a strategy. The true strength of the 2,000 is elsewhere. Information for which no pattern could be found. It is a clash between living information."

The students started screaming. Having understood the system of 2,000 times, they guessed the meaning behind Olivia's words.

"It is a man-to-person battle called the 2,000 flowers."



@



The advanced class integrated class was divided into the image zone and the 2,000 class. Students who quickly adapted to Olivia's policy no longer felt repulsed by the 2,000.

"Hey, over there! Catch it!"

"No, I have to drive this way!"

The children of Class 7 were hunting Tycon.

It was a reddish-brown, hairless bird with a long beak and sharp claws. It wasn't that big, and the sync rate was only 10%, so it was a monster that could be caught without fear.

When dozens of children cast magic into the sky, anti-communist nets unfolded. Tikon caught in the intensive fire was hit by all sorts of magic and fell to the ground.

"Got it! I was hit by an ice sword!"

"No, you fool! You got hit by the wind cutter I threw!"

"Anyway, you won! We caught the monster!"

The standard way to hunt flying monsters is to spread a net on the passing road. The students of Class 7 realized firsthand how effective the anti-communist fire net was in real combat.

Shirone realized the change in the students.

After the 2,000th class began, all the students devoted themselves to magic training. It was the effect of the practicalism advocated by Olivia.

After the practice of the juniors, when it was Class Four's turn, the level of monsters increased significantly.

The Ulks I met in the slash-and-burn village were basic, and even the giant scorpion Scorpion and the harpy using sound magic were rampaging.

Trolls with the ability to regenerate were the most difficult. I heard that magic has a weakness, but even halfway attacks did not send a message.

"Come on, Mercedes."

Boyle summoned the Mercedes that lives in the Arctic Ocean.

A monster-type Echinoderm Monster, a creature of the sea urchin class, with hard cilia growing like thorns on a sphere with a diameter of 50 cm.

It has no intelligence, but once attached, it has a tendency to cool the target and make it similar to the environment in which it lived, so it was a monster that summoners chose when they needed freezing-type abilities.

Being a creature that cannot live even a minute at room temperature, Merces, clinging to the troll's back, instinctively radiated cold air.

As the troll began to freeze, its ability to regenerate decreased and its movements slowed down. The students, who were looking for an opportunity, poured out a concentrated attack and smashed the troll.

"I did it! We defeated the troll!"

"Boyle, isn't that great? You have to live in a cryogenic environment for at least two months to learn Mercedes, right? When did you go all the way to the North Pole?"

"haha! what is the arctic I lived in a cold storage every day."

With the introduction of the 2,000 number, Boyle's name value went up. It is true that there were not many opportunities to prove the effectiveness of summoning magic in the existing classes, but in practice, summons with extreme abilities that wizards of their age could not use were shining.

On the other hand, Pandora, who was second in Class Four, gradually became impatient.

The desire to stand out was great, but it was impossible to overwhelm the monsters with scent magic.

=======================================
[236] 4. Combat Simulation (6)





'How did this happen? Is scent magic a bottle of magic in practice?'

Pandora shook her head.

Fragrance wizards are not a large number, but once they get a license, they are treated favorably in the wizarding society. This is because the smell has the advantage of being invisible, affecting everyone in the area, and having a unique effect.

However, for students who did not know the true value of scent magic, it was inevitable that it seemed like it was there or not.

Pandora looked back at her competitors.

Boyle was training standardly like a model student, and Shirone and his party were hunting freely like problem children.

What was unusual was Dante's group.

Even though it was open 2,000 times, I sat outside and watched other students hunting.

"Hey, what is it? Is this a different class? Be cheeky."

Dante was indifferently accepting Pandora's gaze, then gave a chin gesture to Closer and Sabina, who were sitting behind him.

"Guys, is that girl looking at us?"

"Cheuk, look at the shit line. I like the taste, but the skills are so bad. Won't you teach me how to fight using scent?"

"Bona mana, I must have said that my major was an actor in my senior year. I feel bad anyway. Isn't the girl like a country chicken widening her eyes? Go ahead and crush it?"

said Closer, turning to Dante.

"Are you okay, Dante? Even if we demonstrate a little?"

"Go and come. Teach me properly what two thousand times is."

Only then did Closer and Sabina wear their bracelets. The fictional landscape was a vast grassland area. As they entered, the students who had preoccupied their seats stopped training and looked back.

I heard the story through a magazine, but it was the first time I saw Dante's party's skills with my own eyes.

Sabina raised her head arrogantly and said.

"You guys don't do that 2,000 times. You have to be at this level for actual practice. Mr. Sade, please use the 17th package."

THAAD sat in a corner, killing time, yawning and transmitting information to the core.

Package 17 is pretty raucous. However, since the synchro rate was low, there was no danger.

Dozens of monsters appeared from all over the land, sea and air as the sound of thunder was heard.

Golems rise from the ground, and ulks and skeletons run down the hill. Racchal, a monstrous bird that only eats corpses, attempted a physical attack with a spear-like long snout.

The sight reminiscent of a battlefield made the students breathless. It was an overwhelming quantity offensive that even a strategy was unthinkable.

"Huh, it tastes like it should be."

Sabina leaned back and cast the spell. A cold wind whirled around her body, and soon she disappeared from people's gaze.

Saad's eyes, which had been watching with half-closed eyes, sharpened.

'what? Isn't that Haste?'

It was an air-type major magic, and it was an effect that accelerated movement using the power of wind.

The ulks chasing Sabina swung her claws, but she went behind them and sprayed wind cutters.

Meanwhile, the golem approached the visible closer, seemingly oblivious to Sabina's movement.

"Chuck, let me show you why we are stars."

The golem's fist struck Closer's head. It was made of soil, but it weighed close to 1 ton, so it was not a strength that a wizard with weak physical abilities could endure. But the verdict was blocked.

'Earth Rise? Isn't that also a major course?'

Magic that raises the power of the earth and increases durability. It had the disadvantage that the caster could not move, but it boasted strong defense power that no class could imitate.

'Right. star of the kingdom Was the secret a passive skill?'

If active magic focuses on phenomena, passive magic focuses on the concept of attributes.

The wind is fast and the earth is hard. The magic derived from that was Haste and Earthrise.

Because the effect lasts even after casting the magic, it was an advantage that it could be used simultaneously with other active magic.

A wizard's representative passive skill is teleportation.

It was easy to see as an active skill, but in reality it was all about converting the wizard into a photonized state.

How to move in the state of light was completely a matter of senses, and that's why Shirone also rolled on the ground for a month when learning teleportation.

"Ho-ho-ho! slow down! slow!"

"Quack! This one is too weak!"

When Sabina mortally wounded the Closer, the process of crushing them with the power of the earth was repeated.

In an instant, the number of monsters decreased noticeably.

Since he had mastered the magic used in the senior class, it was possible to quickly clear the advanced class package.

Sade grabbed his forehead and shook his head.

"What the hell are you doing with passive skills? Is that the way of the Royal Magic School?"

Shiina approached and said.

"It must be a reflection of the capital city's academic traditions that value individuality."

"I like personality, but what about diversity? You have to experience various magics to know your aptitudes and talents. Passive skills can be practiced enough even with teleportation, so why are you in such a hurry?"

"It is true that it is effective. Active skills have a weakness that you cannot cast two magics at the same time. Iruki, it's a double spirit zone, so it's out of the question. Watch Sabina blowing wind cutters with Haste cast. They are doing a lot better than other students. Kanis and Arin, who learned from Arcane, are also using passive skills."

"But Shiina-sensei, at our school... ... ."

"do not misunderstand. I'm not in favor of Baska's way. I want to know why students across the country are so passionate about them."

Shiina raised her glasses and pointed to the corner of 2,000.

"anyway... ... There are students who achieve the same results with active skills."

Sade looked back at Shirone and the others. He was dealing with package number 7 made up of golem troops.

Lightning Bolt, Atomic Bomb, and Photon Cannon were being plugged in. Due to the nature of active skills, there were scenes where I was confused, but I was proud to see them match the sum in their own way.

More than anything, I liked that I didn't take it too seriously.

Seeing them gasping for breath and suffering from a stomachache at an early age makes me think again about whether the words pragmatism and school really fit together.

"Oh, it's hard. Let's stop now."

As soon as Nade finished speaking, the half-shattered golem corpse absorbed the soil and began to stand up.

Etella, who opened the package number 7 and left, still hasn't returned.

Of course, Ethella is an excellent teacher. However, it was clear that he was mechanical.

What if I leave the reset function on and leave it unattended?

"Let's untie the bracelet. That's the only way. Miss Etella is too much."

"Wait a minute. I remembered something I want to do."

At Shirone's words, Nade and Iruki left their seats. Even so, I wondered how Shirone would deal with it. It seemed that the only way to digest a package alone was to lose it with a laser or fire a photon cannon.

However, the expectations of the two were wrong.

When Shirone floated the sphere of light, a golden chain came out like a water stream.

It was a shining chain learned in heaven.

With the appearance of an unheard of magic, the eyes of the students were focused on Shirone.

Dante couldn't help but pay attention this time.

Shirone tied the lead golem with a shining chain. He had the tension that even crushed Tabu, so he could destroy an earthen golem in one shot, but he couldn't destroy them all that way.

The chained golem rose into the air and swung as fast as a cane, driving the other golems to the ground.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

No matter how big it is, the original material is soil. When hit with the same weight, the golems collapsed to the ground without even using their strength.

The students watched the scene in awe.

"What kind of magic is that? How can I learn such magic?"

"It must be possible because it is an immortal function. It's amazing."

Closer and Sabina gnashed their teeth as the spotlight was taken away by Shirone and the others.

When I cleared the 17th package by performing all sorts of tricks, people's eyes were all elsewhere.

Even Dante was looking at Shirone.

To be honest, as a wizard of the same light, it was shocking. The property of photons is difficult to combine, but shaping was absolutely impossible.

'Is there one talent?'

After the 2,000 times became noisy, Etella came running in a hurry.

Nade crossed his arms and rolled his eyes.

"Teacher... ... ."

"Oh, sorry. Did you wait long? Would you like another package?"

Ethella was embarrassed as she touched the master bracelet.

Seeing that, Shirone was dismayed, but she couldn't help but hate the fact that there were things even the girl she respected couldn't do.

"Just turn it off, please."

Hearing the golem wake up made him vomit.

The exhausted Shirone and the others shrugged their shoulders and escaped the 2,000th.

Dante was waiting at the exit.

"Is it a fractal?"

After thinking for a moment, Shirone nodded.

"right. It is impossible to create complex shapes with photon modeling."

"Right. That's a good way. How great?"

"Haha, thank you."

"But you are wrong. Your method has serious flaws."

Nade frowned.

So far, Shirone has overcome many obstacles. There was no chin to have a weakness in the ability that evolved through repeated battles.

"I admit the battery of the unlocker, but the problem is that there is no other option. I don't think I've mastered the passive skills yet, but that's why the balance isn't right."

Iruki objected.

"It has attack magic, defense magic, continuous damage magic, and even restraint magic. What the hell is wrong with the balance?"

"If you look at the inclination, you can think so. But they are all expensive magic. I don't know how much combat experience you have, but you can't fight for an hour with that. Am I wrong?"

Shirone blinked at the unexpected words. Certainly no battle lasted more than an hour.

Iruki wasn't unaware of that fact, but he thought it was just a difference in disposition.

The reason carnivores do not run longer than herbivores is not because they are weak. Endurance was only a secondary issue if you could produce powerful power in a short time.

"What do you mean? Offense is much better than defense. It's not 5 or 10 minutes, it's an hour. Most magic battles end there."

"Of course you might think so, but... ... . Well, it's something that can't be undone now. I was just stating an opinion. By the way, the longest time I fought was 10 hours and 27 minutes."

It was a shocking statement from Shirone's point of view, who is close to being a sprinter.

A bloody battle of 10 hours and 27 minutes. It was definitely an unknown territory that he had never experienced.

"So don't be in too much of a hurry. It's not just sprints in the magical world."

Leaving significant words behind, Dante walked away.



@



The Image Zone class was leisurely.

Even a month ago, it was a real battleground to gauge the level of the advanced class, but hitting the target was much more boring than hunting monsters.

Class 4 students weren't as eager to raise their grades as they used to be.

Ethella, who was worse off, gathered the students and scolded them.

"Everyone, if you don't practice the four ways, you can't improve your skills. You have to faithfully polish the basics to become better at hunting."

"Isn't that fine? It must have been adapted to the advanced education of the Royal Magic School."

"Dante-kun is now definitely a student at Alpheas Magic School. Please refrain from remarks that promote regional sentiment."

Etella made an unusually radical remark, but the effect was not great.

The students still looked bored and waited for the 2,000th class to return as soon as possible.

But Shirone was different. Recently, the field that has set him on fire is lifting, not 2,000 reps.

It was because I realized that the secret to shortening the time of ataraxia might be hidden in the lifting.

=======================================
[237] 4. Combat Simulation (7)





In order to build Halo, the immortal function must be infinitely expanded.

However, since the concept of a perfect circle was obtained, there was ample room for simplifying the mechanism from the second time onwards.

Lifting targets respond sensitively to mental changes. Therefore, if the mind maintains absolute stability, the target will not move.

That meant being able to draw a perfect circle without entering the realm of infinity.

From then on, Shirone tried to make the target immobile instead of normal lifting exercises.

After a month, little by little, the results showed.

The sight of the target with the maximum repulsive power floating quietly in the spirit zone was always amazing.

This was possible because Shirone realized the sense of a perfect circle through the immortal function.

The students burst into exclamations of exclamation, but did not understand why they were training like that.

Closer said.

"I've been doing just that since a month ago. Even if I did, I couldn't even last 10 seconds."

Sabina also added a word to say that she was not going to be outdone.

"I'm not even a monk, do I need to go that far? What is the use of magic?"

The target floating above Shirone was not even moving. It meant that no change of mind was taking place.

Being no different from brain death was not a mental state that normal humans could tolerate. This was only possible for Shirone, who had reached the state of gold.

However, even Shirone could not last more than 10 seconds. Eventually, the target swayed violently and flew out of the spirit zone.

Dante was the first to speak.

"A little more... ... It seems to have grown."

"yes? what's growing?"

"Spirit Zone. It seems bigger than last time."

Closer and Sabina looked at Shirone again. Even visually, it was definitely bigger than last time.

"no way. If you can grow the Spirit Zone that easily, there is no one in the world who is not a great wizard. Usually, it is through self-mortification or attaining enlightenment... ... . huh? enlightenment?"

Sabina realized from her own words. Wizards also awaken, but Spirit Zone, which is a pure mental body, was rather closely related to the mind of Gudo.

This was the reason why Etella, the Bishop of the Karsis Monastery, was also a famous Joner in the kingdom.

Sabina's prediction was correct.

Shirone, who had reached the state of Diamond Master, was in a state where there was no limit to expanding the mind. In the meantime, as I kept spinning the perfect circle, the spirit zone was strengthening at a tremendous speed.

Even while Closer and Sabina were pouring out disparaging words as if they couldn't admit it, Dante was silently looking at Shirone.



@



The 2,000th class time has returned.

Three teachers, Etella, Shiina, and Sade, supervised the class, and now the students took it for granted.

Shiina took over as the representative and conducted the class.

"Starting today, we will learn man-to-man combat. The context is different from tactical training, so please follow the control carefully."

Person-to-person combat was quite different from tactical training.

First of all, because a powerful magic exchange takes place, the gauge decreases much faster. In other words, the intensity of anti-magic is strengthened.

More than anything else, the problem was that people could also get jungle judgment when it comes to passive skills.

A typical accident case was when two wizards who cast teleportation collided with each other in the middle.

If that happened, no matter how virtual reality, it would inevitably lead to serious injuries.

"The reason the three teachers are observing is the danger of interpersonal combat. First of all, since today is the first day, we will start with practice. If there are any applicants... ... ."

"I'll do it."

Boyle, who was determined and waited for today, raised his hand.

"like. So against Boyle... ... ."

"Sir, can I point out the other person too?"

I tried to refuse because personal feelings were not good, but Boyle was already glaring at the challenger.

Dante pointed at himself as if bewildered.

"me? Are you going to do it with me now?"

"yes. I've been pretending to be proud so far, so I won't take it off, right? If you are that great, prove it with your skills."

There's nothing you can't do if you challenge yourself, but being number one in the country wasn't a place where dogs or cows accepted a challenge.

"You want to beat me like that? no matter what?"

"Don't be mistaken. The first place in the advanced class is definitely me, and the challenge is up to you. So why don't you come up? I will remodel your rotten personality."

"ha ha ha! What a wonderful word! So how about this one? The loser kneels to the winner and says they lost."

Ethella said.

"Dante, this is definitely part of the class... ... ."

"it's okay. Please let me do it, Ms. Ethella. Rather, it is what I hoped for."

Boyle asked with a desperate look. The memory of being beaten by Closer was the shame of her life. Rather, she was grateful for the opportunity to make up for it.

As the confrontation took place, Shirone wondered how Dante would deal with Boyle. There is no offensive magic in the photon series. Of course, at least Dante would have learned other types of magic, but he definitely said that he was a Shining Boy, a wizard of light.

While Shirone was lost in his thoughts, Boyle and Dante waited for the confrontation at the 2,000 practice range, 50 meters apart.

In interpersonal combat, the initial distance plays an important role.

Once you enter the battle, all kinds of variables are rampant, but since the start is always made while facing each other, the key was to develop a sequence and strike preemptively.

Of course, summoning wizards had different tendencies from other wizards, so they were free to use tactics in the early stages.

The standard was to give up preemptive strikes and call a summoned beast as soon as possible to defend against the opponent's attack.

Dante, who knew that fact, spoke as if proclaiming it.

"Let's take out the summoned number and start slowly. I'm not the type to make a fuss from the start either."

Boyle couldn't believe Dante's words.

But it didn't look like he would lie before the fight to make room for gossip.

In any case, it was an advantage for the summoning mage, who had no choice but to be defensive in the beginning.

"If you want to do that, do it. I'll do it my way."

It was an answer that could put the shackles on the opponent's words without being swayed by psychological warfare.

Dante did not lose his composure, but scratched his eyebrows in embarrassment. I thought he was a flower in a greenhouse, but he was a guy who knew how to roll his head in his own way.

'It's a summoning magic. Surely that's tricky.'

Summoning wizards can summon summons through a unique and difficult tactic called Sangsang .

The first target a wizard learning summoning magic summons is himself.

This is called a doppelganger, and if this is successful, the doppelganger has the possibility of transforming into a third existence.

To summon something is not different from having perfect knowledge about something.

That was the boss, and it goes through a three-step process.

The first, called the imprinting phase, is the process of using all five senses to observe the object to be summoned and then imprinting the image in your mind.

Because they have to perfectly memorize the summoner's appearance, the power of observation of summoning wizards far exceeds that of ordinary people.

A representative training is the placement method.

It was a training exercise in which 30 sticks with a length difference of 1 millimeter were randomly mixed and then arranged in order of length within one minute.

The second, called the empathy stage, is the process of studying the behavior of the subject to be summoned and making sure that you have fully grasped it.

There are cases where they can do it with vast knowledge, but most wizards tend to feel their characteristics while living together.

When living together in an isolated place for more than a year, the characteristics of that creature are bound to be imprinted.

Creatures with lower intelligence have simpler reactions and easier to clear.

The third phase was the extinction phase, which was the most important process.

It is to kill the target that was imprinted and erase the reality.

Nevertheless, if the target is seen in reality, the summoning wizard can materialize it through a doppelganger.

You don't necessarily have to kill it. The key is to create a state that can never be seen again.

The stronger the status, the stronger the summoned beast's sharpness.

It was a terrible feeling to kill someone who had formed a bond of sympathy for a long time, but it was also dangerous to keep alive.

For example, a sorceress was trying to summon a monster called Opoi that casts healing magic, but hesitated during the extinction phase.

In the end, he cleared the extinction stage by selling Opoi to a monster collector, but after 5 years, when he heard that he was still alive through some route, he lost his ability to summon Opoi.

According to research by the Magic Association, there are 13,872 types of summons in Tier 1, the lowest level, but there are only 3 types of summons listed in Tier 1.

It is a well-known fact that there is a Lich, one of the Tier 1 summons, who is the archmage of the undead monster world.

It is a summoned beast led by a woman named Zulu, the great wizard of the Middle East, and this fact spread and the academic world was turned upside down.

To clear the extinction stage, existence must be erased, but the lich is a monster that has lost the ability to die.

Some say that Zulu herself became a lich herself and only summoned a doppelganger, but no one will know the exact truth unless she speaks up.

said Boyle, arrogantly clearing his throat.

"Last semester, I was second in the advanced class. I mean, by a small margin. Do you know why I deliberately didn't make it to my senior year and stayed here? It's because I thought I was lacking."

"yes. I guess so."

"But not anymore. He worked hard for 4 years. And during this vacation, I finally succeeded. My summons will tear you apart."

"Don't expect it. To be honest, Mercedes was a bit disappointing."

Boyle's lips parted. At this moment, he was not a son in his mother's arms, nor a model student who valued principles, but a single summoning wizard.

"don't worry. It will be different this time."

When Shiina called out to start the battle, Boyle and Dante entered the Spirit Zone at the same time.

As the sequence unfolded, the spirit was strengthened and the spirit zone changed to its own way.

Boyle was the defensive type and Dante was the target type.

"Come out, Gaos."

Where Boyle reached out, another Boyle was born. The magician's doppelganger has been transformed into Gaos, a tier 6 summon, following the trick of the trinity where the doppelganger of a summoned beast is transferred.

Aaaaaaang!

A beast-like monster with a body length of 3 meters took a quadrupedal posture. Its smooth, hairless skin was blue, and its muscles cracked like rocks.

The body was similar to that of a human, but there were no eyes as if they had an eyepatch on, and everything from the bridge of the nose to the place where the chin was located was a mouth.

Straw-like tongues tangled under sparse fangs, and electrically charged tentacles extended from the neck down the spine.

He had four fingers, and his fingernails, as strong as adamantine, sprouted ten centimeters long.

"Go, Gaos. I really summoned Gaos."

The students were stunned. I heard that I had special training during vacation, but I never dreamed that it would be Gaos.

Gaos belonged to the highest level among the summons listed in Tier 6, but in terms of physical ability, it was a monster that could be compared to Tier 5.

Even the teachers were surprised.

Currently, there are no summoning wizards in the senior class, but so far, there are only a handful of people who have reached the 6th tier in school and graduated.

"Oh my gosh. When did you learn such a summoning magic? There is a limit on time to take advantage of vacation."

Sade gave a bitter smile at Etela's words.

"I must have calculated it a long time ago. That guy, I decided and raised him."

It was to the point of sticking out my tongue at the cleverness of children these days.

Whether it's an advanced class or a senior class, they are magicians who are weak against physical power. If he summoned Gaos, who could hit the 5th tier with his physical abilities, he could have passed the graduation exam much easier.

=======================================
[238] 4. Combat Simulation (8)





Even after the battle began, Dante did not move. To be honest, I didn't even expect a tier 6 summon to appear.

"How about surrendering now before being humiliated? Then I will cancel your kneeling."

"Awesome. How do you get Gaos?"

Boyle's shoulders shrugged as Dante gave him a tired expression.

"If it were me, I would have been disgusted and didn't even want to go near it. How many years did you live with that monster? Surely you haven't crossed the forbidden line, have you? Kkeukkeuk."

Boyle's eyes widened.

Due to the nature of the summoning wizard's job, it is natural to live with beasts for a long time. In fact, some eccentric wizards cross the forbidden line to complete the empathy phase.

It was a fact that any magician would know, but even so, saying it out of the mouth was a clear mockery.

"I will definitely make you kneel in front of me."

Gaos rushed at such a speed that it was difficult to keep up with his gaze. Even Shirone, who had fought against Ulk in the slash-and-burn village, did not want to deal with Gaos.

'What will Dante do?'

Contrary to expectations, Dante avoided his seat with a standard teleportation.

But that couldn't stop Gaos.

The monster twisted rapidly and approached Dante's nose, brandishing its claws.

Everyone thought it was over.

But at that moment, Gaos' movements slowed down.

"what?"

Gaos, whose mind was connected to Boyle, looked at the floor. Before I knew it, a small magic circle was shining.

Shirone could tell the type of magic circle just by looking at the effect.

"A slow magic circle?"

Dante mocked, putting a shaved hand on his head.

"Are you still far away? They say it's tier 6, but it's very slow."

Enraged, Gaos strained his muscles, but he couldn't twist the flow of time with force.

Aaaaaang!

Gaos finally escaped the magic circle and charged Dante with a scream.

However, this time, he was caught in the pre-laid slow magic circle and fell into a miserable situation again.

Dante, who had been staring at me pathetically, yawned and pointed down.

"Look at the land, the land. Are you stupid?"

"You bastard! How dare you mock me!"

As Boyle shouted, a hose connected to Gaos' spine generated electricity. The lightning outside the area of ??the magic circle devastated the place where Dante was.

It was safe to say that it was over because the Tier 6 summon was hit by the magic cast.

But the seat was already empty.

Boyle realized the reason belatedly.

"A welcome magic circle?"

A small magic circle was drawn on the spot burned by lightning. It was a trick he had been making since he cast the first slow magic circle.

'Where did you go?'

Behind Boyle, who looked around, Dante put on his shoulder. Boyle, so shocked that her heart skipped a beat, couldn't lift a finger at her.

Dante's face popped up over Boyle's shoulder.

"Are you kidding me? It's been a long time since I've accepted a challenge, so do it properly."

"Kuh! Go, Gaos!"

As Gaos returned with ferocious momentum, Dante teleported away again.

Based on the battles so far, Shirone realized Dante's main specialty.

"I see. It's a magic circle battle using light magic, especially information magic."

The photon output Shirone learned before the speed gun test. It was information-based magic that was applied there.

Since photons have the fastest information transmission speed, they are compatible with magic circles.

Isn't Halo, the ability of an angel, also the source of light?

In addition, the magic circle that Dante used was an instant magic circle that was disposable.

Although the holding time is only about 1 minute, the time it takes to build a magic circle is also short, less than 1 second.

Currently, dozens of magic circles were floating around Dante.

Gaos, who was running endlessly, stopped for the first time when he saw the changed scenery around him.

Closer, who was watching the battle, raised an eyebrow.

"Reflective magic circle. I was caught. Boyle can't escape."

Boyle looked around with a serious face. Wherever her eyes turned, a magic circle shimmered.

There were a total of 48 magic circles, and as a result of examining them with the superhuman senses of the summoning wizard, they were 57.62 centimeters in diameter and the same size and shape.

Dante approached with his hands raised like a conductor.

"Welcome to Dante's Playground."

"shut up!"

Dante fired an air strike at the reflective magic circle. The moment Gaos approached Dante's nose, an air strike that bounced 7 magic circles like a cushion hit Gaos' side.

Dante's not even thinking about avoiding meant that he had complete control over time and space.

Dante spread his magic here and there as if conducting.

The air strike traveled around the magic circle in a three-dimensional trajectory and attacked Gaos by multiplying into two from the copy magic circle.

Aaaaaa!

No matter how high Gaos' physical abilities were, it was too much for him to be hit repeatedly with air strikes reinforced by magic circles.

Boyle was devastated. No matter where I moved Gaos, air strikes hit me directly. At the moment of three consecutive hits, the summoning was almost canceled.

"What happened? Would the Gaos of the world have to fall under such an attack?"

The reason why he endures Dante's ridicule is that the duration of the magic circle is coming to an end.

If you hold on a little longer, the opportunity will come. If you don't miss one chance, you still have a chance to win.

"Now!"

When the magic circle disappeared, Gaos rushed at full speed.

A slow magic circle was spread in each section, but Boyle was not going to get hit twice by the same trick.

As if laughing at Boyle's idea, Dante placed two slow magic circles around Gaos' shoulders and knees.

As different times were applied to each part, the balance collapsed and Gaos' body flipped over.

"You are such a fool. The magic circle is also magic. If you avoid it, you can hang it directly on your body."

Boyle gritted it. What kind of a bastard is he, treating a Tier 6 pet like a child?

Gaos seemed to have a hard time even getting up.

Even if it is a virtual summon, its characteristics are the same as the real one, so apart from the magician's spirit, it could not fight if its physical strength fell.

"It's fine? Your darling is sick."

"You son of a bitch!"

Boyle, who was humiliated in the place where everyone was watching, caused Gaos with this judge.

Blue lightning surged from his body and transformed into an electric body.

It was a self-destruct attack that even Gaos did not use before making a life-and-death decision.

Aaaaaang!

"Are you giving up already? It's too boring."

Dante pointed his finger at Gaos. Ten magic circles were spread on the floor in a row, and after a while they all stood up.

It was the Rising Target, a technology of information magic.

'That's an amplification magic circle... ... .'

Boyle calculated the distance. It can be predicted that if all the air strikes passed through the magic circles lined up, it would be nearly 10 times more powerful.

However, with Gaos' speed, it was possible to pass through at least four magic circles and enter. If so, Dante's amplification count was relatively reduced to 6, so it was a situation worth betting on.

'In terms of power, I have the upper hand. I go to Ganggong.'

The moment Gaos reached the first magic circle, Dante launched an air strike.

However, the Air Strike was fired to the wrong place, not to Gaos.

An air strike that flew somewhere in front bounced off the triangular cushion and came back from the farthest point of the rising target.

'Did you calculate the distance in reverse?'

Gaos and magic were rushing in the same direction, so Air Strike could reach through all 10 magic circles.

Boyle never gave up hope. Even so, Gaos is fast. The point was to hit Dante before he got hit by an air strike.

"I won!"

When Gaos reached the final magic circle, Boyle involuntarily shouted.

However, Gaos' movement slowed down rapidly as if his hopes were being shattered.

By the time I realized that the last magic circle was a slow, I was already in an irreversible situation.

Although he is a summoning wizard with superhuman powers of observation, he could not confirm what the last magic circle was in a situation where 10 magic circles overlapped.

When the air strike that passed through the nine magic circles hit the back, Gaos, which bounced off in a diagonal line, disappeared.

Boyle could only stand there, dejected.

If you forcefully squeeze it out, you might be able to summon it again. But I didn't want to.

Dante had a genius understanding of time and space. His tactic of turning the situation to his advantage with information magic and driving him into a dead end little by little made him lose the will to fight.

Dante shrugged.

"Could this be the end? Even though I've seen it this far, you're disappointing me."

"Don't be cocky. It was a short hair difference. Even if Gaos had a little more health left, it was you who would suffer!"

"Yeah, I guess I should take comfort in that way. But you know what? If I put my mind to it, I could have finished it anytime."

"Nonsense! You also do your best... ... !"

A magic circle glowed beneath Boyle's feet, and his body sank.

Immediately, it escaped through the bottom of the magic circle floating in the sky and fell in front of Dante.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Pinned to the ground, Boyle arched his back, unable to bear the pain.

Dante clicked his tongue and shook his head.

"Don't you know that passive magic is judged jungle? The magic circle is also a passive skill."

"Keugh! you... ... When will the magic circle under me... ... ."

"Well, when? Guess it."

Boyle recalled the battle. However, Dante was busy avoiding Gaos and he never approached him.

No, it only happened once.

"no way... ... The reason for the shoulder to shoulder... ... ."

"That is correct. I can activate a magic circle with a time difference. We call this the time walk. Summoning wizards usually stay put because they deal with two selves, right? Besides, the technique of turning the magic circle upside down is quite difficult because it's called a spin. After all, while you were preoccupied with Darling, I was always ready to kill you. Got it, mama boy?"

"You, you child... ... !"

"But now I am fed up. Let's finish it."

After Dante's words were finished, a magic circle appeared again and Boyle shuddered down and disappeared.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Boyle, who moved a total of 7 space movement magic circles in a complex pattern, could not come to his senses.

The reason I couldn't even resist was because the actual distance was zero.

It was no different than just standing there.

Dante calculated the time and fired an air strike. He bounced exactly six times and the magic struck Boyle on the back as he fell backwards.

When it was judged to be eaten, the two bracelets lit up.

In Boyle's field of vision, the scenery of 2,000 disappeared and the floor spread out with physical blocks.

The students were silent as if shocked.

Boyle didn't know what surprised them. It bounced mindlessly and was only hit in a blind spot.

On the other hand, what the students saw was a kind of stunt.

Boyle and Air Strike crossed each other in the air and collided at exactly one point, and that was the end of the game.

It was not a skill that could be followed just because it could be calculated.

Dante looked back at the silent students and asked Shiina.

"Sir, could you please turn on the percentage gauge?"

It is usually reluctant to disclose his power, but Dante was confident.

Shiina used the master bracelet to float the percentage gauge.

His mental strength hadn't decreased by even 1/50.

Shirone realized that it was a message from Dante. The reason why the consumption of mental power is low even after making numerous magic circles is because it is basic magic.

Photon output is a magic that anyone can easily do, and it is not difficult to construct simple information with it.

It was calculated that it was much more efficient to install 5 magic circles that amplified magic power by 10 times than magic circles that amplified magic by 10 times.

However, the effect created by the magic circles interlocking was enough to treat Tier 6 Gaos as if it were a pet.

A tactic that does not give up the initiative throughout the battle, presses the opponent bit by bit and eventually drowns it.

That was Shining Boy Dante's way of fighting.

=======================================
[239] 4. Combat Simulation (9)





"Keugh! Nonsense. how is this... ... ."

Boyle was shocked that he hadn't shaved one percent of Dante's sanity.

I didn't fight the archmage. He was only a classmate of the same age as him, and he was also a genius who distinguished himself with summoning magic.

In the end, it was the difference in details.

Dante made an extreme difference by making all the thousands of minor variables that occurred during the battle into his own.

"Why don't you act fast instead of being lazy? Did you promise?"

Dante put his hands in his pockets and waited haughtily.

Boyle, the official top of the advanced class, was in a situation where he had to kneel extensively.

Boyle was as angry as the weight of first place. But a promise was a promise, and I couldn't think of a way to avoid it.

"I... ... lost."

The moment Boyle knelt down and admitted defeat, a rainy season poured into the hearts of the students.

Shirone and his friends, who cheered on Boyle, felt the same way.

But it was an inexcusable defeat.

said Iruki.

"I have no choice but to admit it. It's information magic, so that's really difficult to deal with."

Sabina intervened.

"No, it's possible because it's Dante. We've been fighting under Miss Olivia since we were 10 years old. The number of practical experiences is different from yours. Dante's official record is 472 wins in 472 matches. Besides, he is an undefeated legend who has never lost in an unofficial match. It's just that the first place in a rural school is not an opponent that can be surpassed."

Only 472 official matches. Including unofficial information, it was said that he had fought over 1,000 battles.

Any mage would have an application ability if they went through a lot of interpersonal battles.

But what makes Dante so great is that he never lost a single match in the process.

When Dante's background was revealed, the students murmured. It was an instant to change from an unlucky classmate to a star in the kingdom.

No matter how different your personality is, if your skills transcend, fame will follow. No, on the contrary, maybe that's why I'm even more enthusiastic about it.

The students all flocked to Dante. He didn't show it, but he made an effort to say something.

When the students slipped away like the ebb tide, only Canis and Arin remained.

The 2,000 man-to-person battle was the first time I had seen it, but it did not give much inspiration to those who had been fighting to the point of getting tired of it.

"It's fun. Magic schools train like that. Canis, do you want us to try it too?"

"not really. I don't like it."

"Aren't you afraid of losing to Dante? Whoops."

That's what he said, but Arin's feelings were also the same as Canis'. Two thousand times I didn't like it.

"What do you mean by that? Shirone is also quiet, so I don't get upset."

"The reason why Shirone stays still is because she originally hates fighting. It's different from Canis."

"Arin, you seem to be secretly siding with Shirone these days?"

Arin stuck out his tongue.

Of course, those who are enemies with Canis are also enemies with themselves. If the two of them collided, he would do everything in his power to help Canis, but he was someone he couldn't hate.

"How are you anyway? Information magic, maybe a new trend. Can you win?"

Canis snorted.

I don't like two thousand times, but Dante's skills were definitely real. The interesting thing is that he is a symmetrical genius with Shirone.

Iruki is also a genius, but he had a feeling that he was too lopsided.

"Hmm, if we stick together properly on the battlefield... ... ."

"What if it sticks?"

Canis' face, which had been silent for a long time, gradually became serious.

Arin, who perceived the wavering emotions through menarche, urged him by stabbing his side.

"yes? What if it sticks? What will happen?"

Canis, who turned her head away as if avoiding Arin's gaze, spoke in a creeping voice.

"Cool, it'll be a great match."

5. Match Point (1)





"Oh yea! won Hey, kneel down quickly."

"damn! stuck again! Even if I didn't make any mistakes!"

At some point, there was a buzzword in the advanced class. It was the word that Dante preached: to kneel.

Even in Class 7, similar scenes appeared one after another. It was just a joke, but the atmosphere obsessed with winning was no joke.

If A and B fight, who wins? Can the winner of them beat C?

Everything was turning into the Royal Magic School's system of ranking all students.

"Sheesh! I don't like it. Anyway, a strange principal comes and ruins the school."

Mark, who was lying on the lawn, grumbled as he watched the juniors engage in man-to-person combat at the 2,000 practice range.

Currently, his match point was the first place in the class six. It's because he threw away the challenge jokjok muk bowl. If he was young, he would have put strength on his shoulders, but since he came to respect Shirone, ranking in the lower classes was meaningless.

Maria, who was sitting next to her, said while grazing.

"Mark, you're still the principal, but what is a strange principal? What if I get caught?"

"What to do with being irritable! I don't even like Dante or anything. Especially Closer, that bastard used a passive skill when fighting me. If you fight fist-to-fist, you're no match."

Maria also vividly remembers the scene where Mark was beaten. In particular, Closer even made fun of himself because of his young age.

"Shirone-senpai will take care of it. Anyway, it's the same class. If it bothers you too much, I'm going to tell Mr. Sade too. What do you think?"

Mark was too proud to even express his opinion. I want to get revenge on the guy who bullied Maria, but their skills were real. Of course, as a self-proclaimed Shirone, he also had many monster-like seniors. Shirone, Amy, Iruki... ... .

I could ignore Dante's party because they endured it, but on the other hand, I was mad at the situation that I couldn't solve directly.

"I don't like it... ... . really... ... ."

It doesn't matter what age you like fighting, so the students of Class Four were equally interested in the order of battle.

However, since Dante had sorted out the ranks of Class Four, their eyes were on a higher level.

"If Etella-sensei and Shiina-sensei fight, who will win?"

"Ah, of course it's Miss Etella. He is recognized even in the kingdom."

"It's not about fighting for fame. Ethella-sensei says she accomplished her triple, but Shiina-sensei is the authority on freezing. She says that in real life, the one who sells only one thing is the best."

"If you look at it that way, it's Mr. Sade. If it's the same 6th grade, it's better to fire than freeze."

Even if he tried to cover his ears, he heard the sound, and Shirone stepped out.

"Where is that word? They are all great teachers. There's no way those people can fight each other just because they're strong."

The students put on a puzzled expression. After Boyle took a knee, the center of gravity in the advanced class shifted from Shirone to Dante.

At first, the students also thought that Shirone would step in and restore the school's lost reputation. But that didn't happen, and he even seemed to avoid it. Lately, there have even been rumors that he is playing tricks because he doesn't want to fight Dante.

"We're fighting in a safe place, so what's wrong with talking? Honestly, so are you. You're scared of fighting Dante, so you don't even participate in person-to-person combat."

"It's not scary. I just don't want to fight pointlessly. It may be tactical training, but interpersonal combat has nothing to do with grades."

"Sheesh, grades, grades. After all, you only do well in school. A real mage must be strong in real combat."

Thinking that it wouldn't work if I said more, Shirone shrugged.

The classmates who had hoped for a moment turned around with disappointed expressions when even the provocation did not work.

"Sheesh, Shirone is no big deal either."

"What can I do? In front of the stars of the kingdom, Shirone is just a country star."

Shirone didn't know what the meaning of ranking students was. The strength he sought was on a different level from fighting and overpowering him.

On the other hand, there were students who only meant that. A typical example was Pandora, who was ranked second in the senior class.

After Dante subdued Boyle, she actively followed Dante's party and was now almost their limb.

"Hey, Pandora! come fast! I'm going to die of thirst!"

At Sabina's high-pitched voice, Pandora hurriedly ran with her water cup.

"Sorry. The line is too long."

"Just say I'm going to drink and follow you. In any case, there is no flexibility."

"Hehe, isn't it hard? Would you like me to rub your shoulders?"

"Will you? It's sore from running with haste too much."

Pandora rubbed Sabina's shoulder with sincerity. It would be a lie if she said it didn't hurt her pride, but she thought that sooner or later they would appreciate her too.

If you get close to Dante's party, you'll be in the kingdom's best prospect group at once. Ranked 4th in the entire kingdom from 2nd in the local school. Isn't that a gamble worth taking?

Closer said, cooling off his sweat with a hand fan.

"Hey, Pandora. I'm a bit thirsty too."

"uh? okay! I'll bring you some water."

Pandora ran straight to the pot of water. The sun was hot today, so many students were queuing up.

It's convenient to cut in line with Dante's authority, but it's somehow not dignified. Her specialty was to pique her temper and make the person in front of her vomit while drinking water.

"Hey, what kind of elephant are you? Drink in moderation and get out of the way! You have to think about the people behind you."

"Now, drink my water."

Boyle held out his glass of water. Sabina looked on displeasedly, but considering the closer that awaited her, she couldn't be denied.

"Heh, thank you."

Boyle called as Sabina returned to Closer.

"Wait for a moment. Are you sure you want to bring it to that child?"

"What do you care? Are you holding a grudge against them for losing the confrontation to Dante?"

"I admit defeat. But what are you doing these days? There's nothing wrong with being close to Dante, but you don't have to be so servile."

"Then what does it matter to you? Why are you already anxious? Are you afraid you will be overtaken by me?"

"There is no such thing! You've been my rival since childhood! I feel bad for you bending over like this!"

"But not anymore. I'm going into the Dante line. Sooner or later, it will be published in an academic journal, and when I graduate, there will be a fuss trying to scout me. If you're envious, say envy. Isn't it convincing to say that when you've already lost?"

Boyle shut up. She had many things she wanted to say, but none of them would reach Pandora's ears. She was the inevitable loser's destiny.

"damn! Do whatever you feel like!

Shirone and the others watching from afar understood Boyle's feelings.

All of the friendships in the advanced class revolved around Dante. No one challenged the absolute No. 1, and the more Shirone wanted to get out of the current situation.

I thought that success would come if I did not have to fight.

What was filling my head right now was how to use Ataraxia as quickly as possible. There was no way that person-to-person combat would come to his eyes.

I worked hard on lifting training every day without a break and was finally able to hold the target for 20 seconds.

At this point, this was also a feat. It is to maintain a mental state for 20 seconds that others cannot last even 1 second.

"Wow, it's Shirone. The spirit zone is also getting bigger and bigger. It's a great talent no matter what."

"Anyway, it's only because it's an unlocker. I can't even make eye contact with Dante."

"To be honest, Dante is too strong. I can understand Shirone's position."

"Why do you conclude that Shirone ran away? Even Shirone is said to be terrifying when it comes to competition. Besides, Kanis and Iruki are still left."

"huh! If you're so confident, why are you avoiding it? If I had that kind of skill, I would have asked to join right away even if I was angry. Because he runs away like a loser, women go to Dante."

=======================================
[240] 5. Match Point (2)





"Do you think Shirone is like you, fighting for popularity?"

"what? Did you say everything?"

Whenever the students gathered, they weighed Shirone's group against Dante's group. Most of them were in the form of putting Dante as the number one factor and numerous speculations under him. These were the things that happened in the two months since Olivia took over as the new principal.

Nade was concerned about the noise coming from all directions. I don't think they even split sides so blatantly until the 2,000 number was introduced. In any case, the teaching staff wouldn't back down on Olivia's policy because her academic achievement was improving.

"Oh, really! I guess we're just going to transfer schools too."

Nade spat out words that were not in his mind. The women saw this and whispered, then ran to Dante with a sneer.

"it's okay. don't mind. We just have to do it our way."

Shirone sighed calmly and immersed himself in lifting training again.

Nade licked his lips. Dante, who reigns like a king over students, is not normal, but Shirone, who does not blink an eye even when rumors spread that he is a coward, is also quite nervous.

A week after that, there was an interim evaluation.

As Dante and his party took 1st to 3rd place, the ranks of all Class 4 were pushed back. Of course, the order was the same.

Starting from the midterm evaluation, the students stopped talking about Shirone. There was no feedback, so it was pointless to spread gossip.

Pandora made constant efforts to blend in with Dante's group, but an invisible barrier still existed between them.

Thinking that this wouldn't work, Pandora spoke softly while pretending to rub Sabina's shoulder.

"Hey, Sabina. I want to do well in real battle, but what should I do?"

"In practice? Well, you use magic the way it is. Don't do that, learn the passive. It's much easier. It's not wrong to learn first. Anyway, this school is strange."

I gave advice, but it was obvious that I didn't want to put any more effort into it.

Pandora, whose body was hot, spoke directly.

"Don't do that, can't you teach me at number 2,000?"

"Hoo? Are you challenging me now?"

"no no! It's not like that at all, I just thought it would be good for me to know some passive skills or tactics that can be used in real battles."

Closer's gaze turned to Pandora's chest. He had always been looking for an opportunity, but if he came out like this, it would make things easier.

"Yeah, anyway, Pandora is also in our group, so there's nothing wrong with becoming stronger. Shall we give you a private tutor?"

Pandora was happy to fly. Most of all, I liked that they saw me as a team.

"Oh, really? If you do, I will be very grateful!"

There was no way that his friends would not know what Closer was thinking.

Dante is power, Closer is woman, Sabina is popularity.

Since they were childhood friends who helped each other to get what they wanted, Dante also followed Closer's words this time.

"great. Shall we relieve ourselves for the first time in a while? Let's go in two thousand."

Dante's group, who took their seats in the corner of the practice room, stood up Pandora and gave advice one by one.

As is always the case with advice given by others, it was just wrapping the facts that everyone knows in plausible language.

Closer said softly, hugging Pandora by the shoulder.

"Now, since the 3 of us will be under siege, deal with it with scent magic. Don't worry, I'll take it slow."

"uh? uh. okay."

Dante's party pressured Pandora with basic magic.

It was a beneficial class in its own way from the point of view of accepting it, but in the eyes of classmates, it looked like training a mutt.

cried Sabina, excited.

"Ho Ho! Is it okay? Don't run away, try to fight back. We are bored."

Pandora followed her words and cast Olif's Flower Scent, which causes delirium. It's not instant effect, but it's easy for the opponent to be vigilant, so it's often used in practice.

And Sabina was exactly caught in that tactic. Thinking she could catch it, Pandora spread the scent of conversion, Fire Flower (manufacturer Alones).

Dumbfounded by Olif's scent, Sabina had no choice but to inhale a small amount knowingly.

Heat spread through his lungs as if he had sucked in fire. If the synchro rate wasn't 50%, it would have been dangerous.

"Ouch! Kuck!"

"Sabina! It's fine?"

Pandora, who was running anxiously, felt a chill and stopped walking. Sabina, with her head down, raised her cold eyes.

"M-I'm sorry."

"It's fine. Very well done. Because that's how you get better."

As if it had never happened, Sabina's face turned into a fake smile. Wouldn't she be able to show that she was beaten in front of other students, especially her juniors?

said Pandora, terrified.

"there... ... I think I can stop now. It helped me a lot."

"What are you talking about? I've already grown up like this. Now, let's start training in earnest!"

Before he could finish talking, Dante and Closer rushed in. Enraged at Pandora for arrogantly striking them, they did not tolerate the situation any longer.

"Come on, Pandora! Take this too!"

"Ho-ho-ho! Go here too!"

When the three of them were determined to attack, Pandora had no way to stop them. In the end, the anti-magic that was close to a fatal blow shook the spirit zone and fell to the floor.

Dante's party did not stop. Adjusting the power so that the gauge decreases as slowly as possible, he pours magic mercilessly.

The classmates who were watching the scene said anxiously.

"Hey, isn't that too harsh?"

"That's not teaching. It's just a beating."

Pandora bowed her head resignedly and accepted the pouring magic. He was so miserable that he couldn't even tell him to quit.

Seeing his rival insulted, Boyle clenched his fists. Although her personality was angular, Pandora was also a child who worked hard from class 1 to this point. She didn't know what she had done wrong and deserved such humiliation.

As Pandora's sanity ran out, the bracelet lit up. Unable to apply her magic any longer, Sabina stopped her attacks and looked down at her with a sneer.

"how? Any help?"

Sadness filled Pandora's eyes. She knew what had happened to her without anyone telling her.

But she struggled to raise the corner of her mouth. If even Dante's party abandoned themselves, there would be no place to stay anymore.

"yes. I learned a lot. thanks."

"Puhahahaha!"

Closer grabbed the boat and burst into laughter. She knew from the start that she was tacky, but never thought she would be this naive.

Sabina was still in a bad mood. At least she had to tell her about the shame she suffered from the fire flower.

"You have to be beaten many times to become stronger. Okay?"

"yes. I think I was too weak. I will ask you again next time."

"yes? Then kneel down."

Pandora looked up in despair. But there was only coldness in Sabina's eyes.

"what are you doing? I lost, so get down on your knees and beg Have you forgotten the rules already?"

Pandora tried to hold it in, but she couldn't stop crying. His shoulders trembled and he burst into tears.

"Knock-knock! are you crying now Were you angry? Diverse on weak topics. Guys, look here. Your seniors are procrastinating!"

The juniors turned their heads in embarrassment. If she had been put in that situation, he would have been terrified to imagine.

Teachers also realized the seriousness of the situation. In particular, THAAD walked towards them with the thought that it would not go unnoticed. He would have to be told, but he wouldn't be able to escape discipline.

Upon discovering THAAD, Sabina realized that the danger had been crossed. It seemed that he was too excited because he was beaten by a chicken.

But I couldn't see the trembling. If he was a good student in Baska, he was disciplined once or twice and was a medal.

Anyway, there was nothing good about the situation, so Sabina put an end to the situation as quickly as possible.

"Why? Can't you get down on your knees? Then just turn it off. Let's never see eye to eye again."

"No, no."

Pandora shook her head. It was an act that came before I even thought about it. He wondered what it would be like to kneel down now if they understood his feelings even a little bit.

"I lost. So... ... ."

As Pandora bent her knees, someone grabbed her arm. Sade stopped walking and Boyle's eyes widened.

"Shirone? why... ... ?"

Pandora turned her head and wondered that it was Shirone who had come for her. He had never intervened in Dante's business before.

Shirone passed by Pandora and approached Dante. The silence was longer than expected, but no one felt it too long. It was the first crash, and it took three months to get here.

"Why are you doing this?"

Dante snorted. The first words that came out of Shirone's mouth said something, and it was a banal hero game.

"What is this? what did we do Did you do more than just practice fighting in person?"

"You attacked Pandora with three people. Even those who have lost their will to fight."

Sabina covered her mouth and laughed. It seemed that by taking advantage of this situation, she could avoid punishment.

"oh! Did you like Pandora? This is absolutely awesome! it's better Confess on this occasion... ... ."

"I didn't ask you. I'm talking to Dante, so get out of here."

Sabina's face blushed at Syrone's silence, but Dante didn't care. It was decided that it was better to handle this matter carefully.

"great. I'll admit I did it badly. But Pandora asked us to teach him first, and we just did. That's the whole situation, so listen to Pandora for details. Enough then."

When Dante turned around, Pandora bowed her head sullenly.

It was true that they hated them for putting all the blame on themselves and getting out, but they bowed their heads first.

"Don't talk nonsense. Do you have the skills to teach anyone in your subject?"

Dante's steps stopped abruptly.

I know it's a provocation, but this one was definitely destructive. If the language was deliberately chosen, it was an excellent combination.

"just now... ... what?"

"Don't get me wrong. Don't think you're the best just because you fought her classmates a few times and won. You don't know what a person-to-person battle is until you fight everyone."

"haha! What do you mean, it's crazy. That's why there is a hierarchy and a history. I've never lost before and I finished first in the advanced class here too. Isn't that what happened?"

"Are you that confident? Then would you like to try it with me?"

The students looked back in shock. It was the first case where Shirone, who had not moved like a wooden stone until now, threw a challenge.

Dante's complexion was also not calm. If this is the case, does Shirone become the apostle of justice and she becomes the villain she must overthrow? For champions, the plate must be laid for champions.

"Why should I?"

Dante did not have the heart to do what Shirone thought.

"lets think. You're the one who's been avoiding the game so far. But now, do you want to stick with me? I mean, I'm not the kind of person who can cling to you if you want to, and run away if you want to run away."

"I don't want to force a fight with someone I don't want to fight with. Instead, promise me you will never bully your friends again."

Dante was annoyed by this. Shirone neglected the power he considered the most important in the world, and the seat of the throne coveted by many.

"Who do you think I bullied? They all know how to bake. If you didn't like it that much, why didn't you stop me from the beginning? It would be difficult if you took the opportunity yourself and used the raw group."

In any case, Dante and Shirone, who received Olivia's special order, were targeted for sniping. After pondering for a while, he came up with a plan to build up his pride as well and possibly trample Shirone.

=======================================
[241] 5. Match Point (3)





"great. I'll give you one last chance to try. Defeat Sabina and Closer and come up. I also defeated Boyle, so there will be no complaints, right? If you can defeat the two of them, then I will deal with you."

Closer and Sabina were delighted. With this, the plate was laid for Dante. Of course, he had no intention of losing to Shirone.

"no. You don't have to."

Shirone did not approve of Dante's proposal.

"Hey, come to your senses. you are the challenger At least to deal with me... ... ."

"It's just three people, all attacking at the same time. I'll get it done quickly and I don't want to worry about it anymore."

"This crazy... ... !"

Dante's eyes widened. Even at the Royal Magic School, he had never received such an insult.

Nade, who was watching the situation, stuck out his tongue.

"Anyway, horse feet kill. I will never quarrel with Shirone."

"Your knack for pissing people off is excellent. I just don't like it."

Having said that, Iruki voluntarily walked into the bloody scene. He was putting up with it because you didn't come out with poetry until now, not the bad taste of being ignored and having fun.

"Hey, Shirone. If it's something fun like this, join me too."

Dante glared fiercely at Iruki, who had interrupted like an uninvited guest. Since it seemed that Shiro could not handle it alone, it was clear that she was trying to force her into a team event.

"Iruki, this is not your place to intervene. I can clearly see your intentions."

"What are you talking about? This is basically my major. I'll deal with you at once. If you count 1 second per person, it will take just 1 second."

Closer snorted.

"Idiot, 1 second per person should be 3 seconds... ... ."

Then, realizing the true meaning of his words, he frowned.

"These are real! are you crazy Who do you think we are and be cocky!"

"If you feel confident, try attacking one by one. The bottom line is that if you fight and win, that's it. What's so complicated about beating someone? Isn't that right, Dante?"

"You are misunderstanding something. I'm not asking you to break and climb up to drain Shirone's energy. I mean, if you want to challenge me, prove your qualifications."

"Qualifications are sufficient. If you defeat Shirone, no one will attack you anymore."

Iruki pointed to the students who were observing the dynamics of this place.

"Okay? You don't have to make it complicated. If you defeat us, you are the best. You took over the advanced class. Also, that must be a special order you received from someone."

It was a word that struck a chord. Iruki, who had attended the Royal Magic School, would have known Olivia's strategy.

Even if they didn't know, they would have an intuition that she was involved in the reason for their violent behavior.

As long as each other's cards were revealed, Dante did not hide it either.

"great. Let's make it a team battle. We can't disrupt class, so we're having an informal showdown on the weekend. Every week, we face each other one by one, and if we get 2 wins first, it's over. If you guys lose 2 first, me and Shirone don't even have to fight, it's my win. Will you accept it?"

"great. If you want to match the assortment to the end, so be it. 'Cause I'm going to win anyway It won't happen that you avoid a fight with Shirone."

"Hey, you speak well. If so, add one on your side as well. no matter who Call Boyle."

"Then no fun. We also have our own line."

Iruki turned his head. Nade pointed at himself with an absurd expression.

It's not a problem to help Shirone, but I didn't expect to involve her in battle. However, if she refused now, Shirone's momentum would be weakened, so she had no choice but to go.

When Nade walked by, Dante tilted his head.

"Nade? Will you be okay with that?"

As a result of watching so far, the grades were not so good, and there were no advantages that stood out during the practice evaluation.

However, Iruki used the word line. He's been commissioned to smash Shirone, so he'd rather be in a situation where he could crush everyone involved in it.

Nade arrived at the battlefield and whispered to Iruki.

"Hey, what are you thinking? And what if I lose?"

"Just fill in the number of heads. I will take care of everything."

While the two whispered, Dante went to the teachers. He had been listening to the conversation from beginning to end, so he didn't have to explain.

"I want to build a fence. We request that the 2,000 practice center be open on the weekend."

Shiina spoke as the representative.

"It's not a matter for us to decide, but we'll look into it. Go back and wait."

The students stopped practicing and waited impatiently. Shirone's challenge is a rare event, but the confrontation will come to nothing unless the school approves.

When all the teachers in charge of the 2,000th class gathered together, Shiina said.

"It ended up like this. Should I say it was about to explode?"

Sad shook his head.

"I am against it. Students should not be judged by other students for their mistakes. We will open a disciplinary committee and announce the fact that we harmed Pandora."

Ethella, who rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought, spoke.

"Um, I also agree with some parts of Mr. Sade's words. But I think the term referee is radical. Could it be interpreted as self-purification between students?"

"It is not that we do not know the importance of self-government. But this is a showdown. There's something strange about the way students fight with each other using magic to win."

"Even so, Boyle and Dante have already won. Many students are still competing. I think opening 2,000 times on weekends is no different from the concept of supplementary classes."

Shiina thought Sade's opinion was correct. However, she also understood Etella's desire to entrust her to Shirone. He knew that Sade's words would not work in the school.

"Since opinions differ, I have no choice but to bring in a realistic issue at this point. If we refuse, Dante will make a suggestion to Principal Olivia. What decision does she think he will make?"

Silence leaked from Sade's throat. Olivia would definitely allow it. I don't know why, but I wondered if she had been aiming for this from the beginning. Furthermore, Alpheas told her to follow her words unconditionally. What the hell was Master thinking when he accepted Olivia into her school?

"We are the teachers. Are we going to trust Shirone in this situation? Why?"

"Because Principal Olivia believes in Dante. Principal Alpheas believes in Shirone. Looking back now, I don't think this is just a problem between students."

Ethella said.

"I want to believe it too. Just as I am both a teacher and a monk, Shirone has the spirit of a monk who pursues the good even though he is a student. Knowing that fact, wouldn't Principal Alfeas entrust all powers to Principal Olivia?"

Sade was lost in thought. Now that I think about it, it was definitely strange. No matter how great his master was, he couldn't have invited Jerome Olivia, the best teacher in the kingdom.

Even if there was a story, it was clear that it was solid.

'How do you get into more accidents than your pupils, Master?'

Saad sighed and walked towards the students. And he published the primary results regarding Dante's request.

"As a result of the emergency meeting, we will recognize the 2,000 open and unofficial interpersonal combat training."

The students cheered as if leaving. Thanks to this, THAAD's words that approval from the upper level must be lost have been buried.

It's a word that doesn't even need to be taken out anyway.

"oh my god! This is a big case!"

"It's finally here! Shirone and Dante! Dante and Shirone! Wow!"

The students couldn't control their blood and went wild.

In the midst of all kinds of shouts, Iruki tapped each person on the shoulder and pointed at himself.

"Hey, it's not just Shirone, I also fight."

"Wow! Iruki! did you hear They say Shirone and Dante are fighting!"

"... ... ."

News of the confrontation spread throughout the school through the mouths of the students.

The dark research society has already distributed leaflets with information about the two to induce speculation.

The teachers' conference room was also buzzing. All teachers gathered and continued to discuss how to handle this case.

"Again, it is dangerous. It is against policy to unleash a student's personal feelings through physical conflict."

At Sade's words, Olivia didn't even snort.

"It's not about fighting, it's about being the best. After all, they're all going to be graduating class next year or the year after. It can be seen as an intensification of competition."

"But the headmaster! If these things continue, the honor of the school... ... !"

Olivia raised her hand as if to say only the first verse.

"The fight between Shirone and Dante will be an event that the entire kingdom pays attention to. I will also make a suggestion directly to the Teachers Association to dispatch a correspondent."

The conference room was sluggish. She, the auditor of her teachers' society, calls her correspondent herself. If that happens, Alpheas Magic School will receive public attention. In addition, it was a special privilege for the school to be published in an academic journal with Dante, the star of the kingdom, at the forefront.

Sweet fantasies floated hazily through the heads of the teachers. The first prestigious Alpheas Magic School in the kingdom. The best teacher who guides the students there (that's me).

Sade, on the other hand, was in a bad mood. I'm always in favor of a school's growing reputation, but I didn't like using it as a tool to silence teachers.

"Principal Olivia, let me tell you something."

"THAAD, you can proceed as is."

"Yes, proceed as is... ... yes?"

Saad, his face reddened, turned his head.

Alpheas was standing at the back door. Because her case was a case, Olivia did not issue an order to celebrate as much as this time.

"As expected, Mr. Alfeas has foresight. It would be foolish to leave it alone when it is a case of great merit to the school."

"Is it possible? Thanks to that, I will become famous in my later years. Ha ha ha ha ha!"

"When the confrontation is over, Dante's victory article will go out in a big way. A child named Shirone must be hurt a lot, but I feel sorry for her because she is so excited by herself."

"Chuck! Both children attend Alpheas Magic School, so they are like Alpheas' disciples. But I also believe that the best should be covered."

Olivia's eyes narrowed. She hated being hit back without losing a word, and it was to her death.

This time, Alpheas' eyes were also violent. It was a clash of educational philosophies for decades as two teachers who had been involved in the teaching profession for the rest of their lives got students who would mark the end of their careers.

An hour later, the agenda of the unofficial confrontation was approved through formal procedures.

6. Magic Clash (1)





Students eagerly awaited the coming weekend.

It was the first time in the past 10 years that Alpheas Magic School had created such a hot topic.

On the day of the confrontation between Shirone and Dante, there was talk that the teacher association would dispatch even a correspondent.

The male students joked about making their presence known to the world by playing outrageous pranks, while the female students worried about what to wear.

Iruki and Nade headed to the research club. Even in the middle of walking a short distance, I heard a lot of stories that I couldn't distinguish between real and fake, but none of them came out.

"I didn't expect it from the beginning, but it's gone now that it's like this. Are we on the sidelines?"

"Still, the archives are coming. there... ... Maybe I should do it first, right?"

Nade was worried from the day the match was approved.

Since Closer was looking for Iruki, his opponent would probably be Victor Sabina.

A terrifying woman who sprays wind cutters all over the place while accelerating with haste.

Excluding the senior year, he was a talented player who could be ranked in the top 20 in the country, so it was clear that it would be a tough fight regardless of the match.

=======================================
[242] 6. Magic Clash (2)





"What are you so worried about? I put it on at best, and it made a sound of pain."

"Then what! How angry will Shirone be if I lose! Why the hell did you single out me? You know. I... ... !"

"I'd rather lose. Rather than running away."

Nade's steps stopped abruptly.

Iruki looked back and said.

"Anyway, you and I only need to win one. Can't you see the atmosphere right now? We are the role of the horse that carries Shirone to Dante. that's important This is something that can never be done to a non-member."

"Iruki... ... ."

Nade's face was wet with emotion.

"And honestly... ... I don't even think you lose There are a few variables, but I chose you because I still have a chance to win. Don't be pressured and work hard."

Iruki was right. Whether he won or lost in a match, if Shirone made up his mind to fight, taking him to the enemy could not be entrusted to anyone else.

It was time to take an adventure in order to be confident as Shirone's friend, because I didn't want to have the memory of running away in the distant future.

"yes! Let's try it! What a mess!"



@



The weekend of the first match is back.

The confrontation between Nade and Sabina was not a big issue, but the students had already arrived at the 2,000 training grounds.

Since it was the first confrontation to determine whether or not the match between Shirone and Dante will come to pass, the weight was never low, and the color of the team was clear, so there were many points to watch in many ways.

When Amy arrived at the 2,000 practice center, it was so full of people that there were no empty seats.

"Amy! Here!"

Seriel waved her hand from the first row of the temporarily installed bleachers. She said she was coming early, so she was thrilled with her zeal for arriving early. In the seats next to her, Mark and Maria were also visible.

"Hello, senior!"

Mark greeted with a booming voice, and Maria bowed her head politely. Amy calmly accepted her greeting and sat down next to Seriel.

"Since when have you been here? Are you very free?"

"lol! Actually, I gave Mark a special order. I haven't been here in a while either. Still, you can't watch an event like this from a distance. It's a particularly important match for Shirone."

"What is important? After all, there are a lot of accidents without knowing it."

Amy said it insignificantly, but she wasn't calm in her heart. Her Air Servant, Dante, is a name that even she, who was noted for her genius, got a scab in her ear.

A boy who beat the aspiring wizards all over the country and rose to the top of the kingdom's ranks both in name and reality. It was on a different level from the barriers that Shirone had crossed so far.

Shirone also excelled in heaven, but the consensus among experts was that Dante's information magic was so delicate that even pros could not easily imitate it.

"Start! Let's start, senior!"

At Mark's voice, Amy searched 2,000 times.

Nade and Sabina went into the practice field, and Shirone watched from the side with Iruki.

The referee was supposed to be the 2,000th teacher in charge, but today it was THAAD.

Saad called Nade and Sabina to the center and explained the rules of the match. The point was that in the event of a serious physical conflict, the game could be stopped at the referee's discretion.

Nade and Sabina had a snowball fight without turning their heads like deaf people.

Nade, who had been suffering from pain until 10 minutes ago, seemed calm as if he had finished preparing his mind.

Closer pointed to Nade and said.

"That guy might be an ambush. Even when he dodged my punches on the first day, I got the impression he was a guy used to fighting."

"No, rather... ... ."

Dante shook his head as if denying Closer's words, but he couldn't come up with an afterword.

To simply say that he was accustomed to fighting, there was a strong feeling that something was out of place. If I had to choose a similar type, I would call it Canis, but that wasn't the answer either.

"Anyway, it will be revealed in this confrontation. No matter what opponent, Sabina will win."

After the explanation, Saad instructed Nade and Sabina to return to their designated locations.

The starting point was set by agreement between the two sides, 30 meters each and a total of 60 meters.

Although they couldn't reach the spirit zone, it was a distance enough to preemptively strike through the sequence.

"Then, let's start the confrontation between Nade and Sabina."

As Saad raised his arms to give the signal to start, the students' voices all at once died down.

Senior students who have experienced 2,000 person-to-person battles say that this moment is the most tense.

This is because the aspect of the confrontation changes depending on how the spirit zone is operated in the beginning, such as forward and backward, attack and defense.

It could be said that it was the cornerstone of the confrontation because the four forms of four ways are basic and various irregular forms create various variables.

"start!"

Nade and Sabina thought the same thing.

It was an advance, an attack, a preemptive strike.

The confrontation of the sequence ceremony was a whistle. As the spirit zones of the two overlapped, the electric bolt and wind cutter crossed.

In terms of speed, there are not many elements other than photons that can catch up with electricity. However, electric force, which is sensitive to charges, has a disadvantage of low accuracy.

In the end, the wind cutter cut through Nade's arm first. Aiming for the moment when his spirit zone swayed, Sabina hung her haste on herself.

There were only a handful of students who could follow the sight of Sabina as she ran in a zigzag. She felt like she was watching a magic show with human-sized objects moving like cats.

Sabina, who preoccupied Nade's rear, swung her sword, and the blade wind cut Nade's throat and passed by.

'Eating judgment? Is it over?'

As Sabina thought, a faint electricity ran through her arm. It was Nade's specialty, image copy magic. When she looked away, dozens of Nade had already taken control of her surroundings.

"huh! The tricks are quite good!"

Checking them one by one will take time and increase the risk of falling into a trap. Sabina immediately raised her concentration and deployed the cutting flower, an advanced technique. As he put his hands together above his head and spun, wind cutters spread in all directions of him.

One of Nade's visions jumped hastily. Nade, who escaped from the radius of the cutting flower, looked at Sabina with a tired expression.

Long-range wind cutters fired over forty rounds per second. It was definitely beyond the advanced class.

Air magic is divided into a press type that compresses air and a blow type that wields air. In his opinion, Sabina was a wizard specializing in the Blow series.

'Isn't it also possible to use the default mode?'

As Nade concentrated, blue clouds began to rise around him. Electromagnetic bolts pompomed out of the clouds and moved around in linear motion.

"plasma?"

Sabina hurriedly halted her approach. No matter how much she was, she couldn't act stupid in front of the plasma.

"Wow, that's plasma. That bastard, it must have been a fluke the other time too."

"Are you stupid? It's not something you can learn by chance."

Actual plasma occurs at extremely high temperatures, but in magic that implements the phenomenon, the temperature itself does not rise because it is the realm of batteries. Even so, it was one of the most powerful weapons for the Electric Wizard.

Plasma can be seen as a state in which electricity spreads like a cloud and fills the surroundings. In short, just as the fish is king in water, the electric wizard is king in the electric cloud.

The downside of bolt magic is its low accuracy, which cannot happen in the realm of plasma, and the trajectory of the bolt can be changed at will. Since the environment itself is electricity, the consumption of mental power for magic is reduced, and above all, it is a passive skill.

An ability that is like a blessing to an electric wizard.

However, understanding the battery of plasma, which only occurs in extreme environments, was not an easy task even for professionals.

Sabina was nervous for the first time since the battle started. If an electric mage had placed plasma, the combat manual advised against approaching it unless there was a big difference in skill.

"then... ... ."

Sabina changed tactics. The only way to attack Nade without penetrating into the realm of plasma was to generate a tornado from the outside and wipe it out entirely.

Upon casting Tornado, several 10-meter-tall vortices danced around.

Nade tried to narrow the distance somehow by disturbing the gaze with image copying.

A single electric shock is all it takes. If you stun for 1 second, no one can withstand the high-speed electric bombardment cast in the realm of plasma.

However, with Haste's nimble movements, Sabina moved around freely for 2,000 times without leaving a gap.

As the area of ??plasma expands, the number of vortices also increases. Sabina began to merge the 30 tornadoes one by one, as if determined to bet. The number was instantly cut in half, but the size more than quadrupled.

If all the tornadoes merged like this, there would be no place to escape from above 2,000. Nade decided that if he had to do anything, it was time to investigate the crust through the electrical power of plasma.

About 32 percent was metal.

Of course, it was only an environment implemented with 2,000 pieces of information, but any conductor could be controlled with plasma.

'I'm a bit sorry that it's a different job skill, but... ... .'

It was not the time to cover things up. He says that if he loses, the burden of having to arrange a confrontation with Shirone will be borne by Iruki, who remains alone.

Nade generated a magnetic field with plasma. Roughly metallic dust mixed with the rocks shot through the ground. A magnetic storm created an impromptu metal tornado.

Sabina was cold. Although her size is less than a tenth of that of her own tornado, she weighs roughly three tons and is equal in her destructive power if rotated at the same speed.

'no. No one can break my secret weapon!'

Sabina gritted her teeth and combined 15 tornadoes. Rotational fusion is a very advanced technique, but she managed to merge 30 tornadoes in just two minutes.

A whirlwind so huge that it could be called a typhoon arose. Nade's metal tornado rushed toward the eye of the storm.

Everyone knew that this was the last attack.

Two tornadoes collided in the middle of the 2,000, as students watched without breath.

It was a battle of mass and size. Steel tornadoes hacked through the air currents as they danced freely inside the giant tornado.

As the anti-magic worked on Sabina's bracelet, the gauge rapidly decreased.

Nade was also not in a normal state. It's disrupting Sabina's tornado, but the difference in weight class was too much.

"Keuuugh!"

The wind pressure, which is stronger than the magnetic force, was slowly dissolving the metal density and slowing down the speed. At some point in the rotational speeds that cancel each other out, the two forces are precisely meshed.

Sabina's tornado turned into turbulence and dissipated. A roar erupted and the strong wind blew out two thousand times. The friends who were watching from the side could not overcome the wind pressure and were pushed out.

The students waited for the dust clouds that dominated the space to dissipate. Some dust rose and some dust settled, revealing the two figures.

Sabina was bent over, gasping for breath, and Nade was sitting on her knees.

Sade checked the gauges of the two through the master bracelet.

Both of them had lost their mental powers to the bottom, so it was not in a state where anyone could say that they were superior.

However, it was Nade, not Sabina, that the students admired. It was unexpected that he, who was only in the middle of the advanced class, could push Sabina, who was playing all over the country, to this extent.

'You don't know this? Maybe Sabina will lose... ... .'

Sabina gasped and walked away. Her pride was hurt by the fact that she had an unexpected match with an unknown student.

=======================================
[243] 6. Magic Clash (3)





"I won't let you go!"

Sabina charged without even having time to cast Haste. The opponent wouldn't be in a state to cast plasma anyway.

At that moment, shocking words came out of Nade's mouth.

"I lost."

Sabina, who was about to attack Ned's neck at the sudden declaration of surrender, hurriedly stopped her charge.

I wanted to end it with my own hands, but if I attacked after declaring surrender, it would be a disqualification.

When it came to this, I didn't feel like I had won, and I felt embarrassed for some reason. But it was enough to think that Nade had used up all his strength in the final clash.

"Hey, you were lucky. Get down on your knees and formally admit defeat."

Nade immediately kept his promise. He was already on his knees, so all he had to do was move his mouth.

"yes. I lost."

Sabina's expression crumpled. The reason for setting these rules was to enjoy her miserable figure immersed in a sense of defeat. But Nade didn't feel that strong emotion.

"Are you a man? You lost to a girl, can you be so meekly on her knees?"

"You say you lost because you lost. And is it really embarrassing? Can I stop now?"

Nade returned to his friends with his head bowed like a truly defeated man. He would have felt less bad if he had just laughed as if denying the match.

Saad licked his lips as he watched Nade walk away.

'Let's try some more. Sabina was also at the bottom. Well done though, Nade.'

The confrontation ended sooner than expected. If you are a student of Class Four, there is at least one magic that has strong destructive power.

There are not many opportunities to cast in real battles, but this match was well matched and the level was similar, so I was able to finish it neatly with a showdown of strength and power.

Nade, who arrived at his friends, closed his eyes tight and bowed his head in uncontrollable apologetics.

"Shirone, Iruki! Sorry! lost! Seriously, sorry!"

"Where is that word? It's a team fight. I can't guarantee that I will always win. It's okay, because I did my best."

Iruki added a word.

"I did well for you. Still, you are more advanced than before."

Honestly, I didn't expect Nade to go this far. At the time of fighting Lucas of the Parrot Thieves, he had given up completely, but lately it seemed to be controlling him a little bit.

"I'll go to the dorm first and rest. Is that okay?"

"yes. You must be tired, but go home early."

Even Shirone couldn't stop it.

Like that, Nade left the practice field, mingling with the crowd of students. However, the place he headed was not a lodging, but a remote park. It was only when I confirmed that no one was there that my heart burst out.

"cadet! damn! You idiot!"

I wanted to become Shirone's strength. But Sabina was really strong, and if the confrontation continued there, the price she would have to pay would have been beyond imagination.

He still needed the fence of school.

"Ho-ho-ho! Were you here? You pretended to be calm, but you're ashamed and want to die, right?"

Nade let out a sigh. Looking back, Sabina was standing behind her.

"Do you still have something to do with me? The confrontation is over."

"No, I think I have some leftovers. I'm honestly offended. I don't know why, but I get the feeling that you're not dressing properly."

"I'm down to my knees, so what else can I do?"

"I don't know. Would you like to kneel here again?"

Nade couldn't afford to accept Sabina's insistence. She felt sorry for Shirone and felt sorry for herself for not being able to help her friend.

"Just think about it. I won't say anything even if you spread rumors that you're stronger than me, so just leave me alone. I go."

The moment Nade turned to the inn, Sabina said.

"Now that I know it, the West family is pretty famous, isn't it?"

Nade's steps stopped abruptly.

"There wasn't even an opening like that at the end. Apparently, the housekeeper is an unemployed gambler and the hostess is an outcast in the social world? Rumor has it that he hangs out with Sachi even though he has nothing... ... !"

A rumble of thunder was heard.

Suddenly choking, Sabina saw the world moving in disarray. When she came to her senses, she was stuck to the trunk of her tree in the deep forest.

Nade grabbed Sabina by the neck and thrust his face into it.

"Say it again."

"Ouch! Gagging!"

With Nade's face in her eyes, Sabina was horrified. She was not a facial expression that humans could make. He was neither a villain nor a psychopathic killer, just a monster.

'Here you die... ... .'

It was a certainty, not an assumption. Wouldn't it be better if he was caught by a murderer, because there is no stupid human being in the world who expects mercy in a situation where he is bitten by a beast.

"Do you want to live?"

Sabina nodded desperately. As her consciousness gradually faded, she involuntarily fell into incontinence.

"Would you like me to break your neck? Or should I dry the blood?"

Sabina didn't know what he was talking about. His legs moved freely, as if the connection between his head and body had been severed.

"Huh! Hehe!"

Nade twisted his face and collected electricity in his hands. She was thinking of evaporating her blood like this.

The moment power was concentrated in his hands, a person's face came to mind. Her voice gently comforted Nade's beast.

'Nade, isn't one mistake enough?'

Nade's eyes were congested, as if they would shed bloody tears at any moment. But gradually humanity returned to her pupils, and she let go of Sabina's neck and slowly backed away.

"Ouch! Gagging!"

Sabina sat down and let out a heavy breath. She still doesn't know what it is, but her lungs suck oxygen like mad.

"You won, I lost. That's all that happened today. okay?"

Sabina nodded. She intended to nod unconditionally no matter what instructions came from Nade's mouth.

But Nade came out of the forest as if that was enough. His steps stopped before he left the entrance. He slowly turned his head and looked back at the beautiful tree.

'Hee! What do we do? Did I get caught?'

Hiding behind a tree, Pandora's heart pounded. As she tried to get her revenge on Sabina, she happened to see a sight she was not supposed to see.

I heard Nade's voice.

"Pandora, I took revenge, so you can go back."

The mention of the name was a warning not to escalate the situation. He couldn't see it because it was hidden by the trees, but Pandora covered his mouth and nodded.

Nade left the park feeling miserable. In the end, this is what happens. I wish it rained coolly, but the sky was just gloomy like my heart.

"Iruki, I will never become a wizard."



@



The weekend of the second showdown is back.

As the showdown between Nade and Sabina was a success, more people gathered than last week. In particular, there were many expectations that it would be a fiercer battle than last week because if Iruki lost, the third match would be canceled.

Maybe that's why even the teachers who said they weren't interested in fighting kids were laughing awkwardly and snooping around.

Shirone and Dante's party waited at the side while Etella, who served as referee, checked the checklist.

Sabina's expression was not good. Lynch's trauma in the woods is still not forgotten. No, on the contrary, it got worse, and now I have nightmares every night.

As the game time drew closer, the closer warmed up. After relaxing his muscles with a high-difficulty stretch unlike a wizard, he looked back at Dante while running in place.

"I will finish. You don't have to come out, do you?"

It was a rule that the first two wins in a team match would end. But Dante knew that would not happen as long as Olivia was in charge.

"Still, the confrontation will not be canceled."

"what? why?"

"Because Master wants you to trample on Shirone. I've already applied for a correspondent with the teachers' association. The school doesn't want this event canceled either."

"Right. In the end, even if I win, you and Shirone will fight, right?"

"But the plate is different. If we win 2, we can make Shirone even more miserable. Maybe that's for the best."

"Quack. Alright, I'll lay out the best for you."

When Etela gave the order to come to the center, Iruki and Closer moved on. After the explanation of the rules, Closer looked down at Iruki as if he was showing off his tall height.

"When Anti-Magic comes in, the bridge of my nose feels cold. But when fighting me, it's not as good as anti-magic. Have you ever had a broken nose? It's because I was hit with a fist."

Iruki didn't answer.

"It hurts very much. It hurts and tears are pouring out. From now on, I will sink your nose bone like an orc. Even if I yelled at him to stop, he would still beat me. Is that okay?"

The corner of Closer's mouth went up wickedly.

"Why are you not talking? Are you scared? But I can't help it. The game is on and you're going to be beaten badly. In 10 minutes you'll be bleeding from your nose and screaming. I'll break a few teeth too. The ugly face will become even uglier."

Ethella intervened.

"Please refrain from chattering before the showdown. Both of you, please go to your designated location."

After shaking a big fist at Iruki, the closer returned to his seat and made a strategy based on the information he had learned before the confrontation.

Iruki's main specialty was the rapid targeting of the breakaway type and the fire point explosion with no reach speed. Above all, since he is a strong Servant, a preemptive strike was impossible.

Closer wiggled his fingers at a distance of 60 meters away from Iruki and decided his initial response. His own organs are also in defense, not offense, so there will be no problem if you proceed according to the standard.

"Start the game!"

As soon as Etela's signal went off, multiple explosions erupted around Closer. Closer's eyes covered his face with his arms, a look of surprise. Explosion at the start. The breakaway shape decreases in size as the distance increases. However, flying 60 meters without moving a single step was a top-notch sequence.

Shirone smiled bitterly. He had already felt it in the speed gun test, but the power of the numerical formula using logarithms was great.

In fact, Iruki's speed gun score was the highest in the history of magic school, except for Shirone, who opened Immortal Function.

The students were mesmerized by the sight of Closer's huge body buried in flames. Even if the synchro rate was 50%, it could be dangerous if you get hit repeatedly.

Finally, the explosion dissipated, revealing the Closer. The earthen wall that had been protecting his entire body fell from behind, revealing his smiling face.

"Hey, is this the end? It tickles like a mosquito bite."

He strengthened his body with his passive skill, Earth Rise, and even cast Earth Skin, which protects his body with an earthen barrier. There was not even a shock from the moderate explosion.

Closer, who shortened the distance by teleportation, led the confrontation with Iruki in close combat.

"Rock and roll!"

As Closer swung his hand around to scoop up dirt, the ground began to stir and the ground began to curl.

A boulder that grew up to three meters in diameter crushed the spot where Iruki was standing.

Iruki escaped by teleportation. However, the moment his feet touched the ground, the ground collapsed as if he had dug a trap.

"Quack! That's it!"

Closer, who blocked Iruki's movement with Earthquake, a symbol of earth magic, connected the interruption magic. The explosion occurred due to the frictional heat generated by compressing the ground. Nearly 5 tons of earth and sand gushed out of the pit where Iruki fell.

Iruki covered his face with both arms and flew up. In my head, the detonation equation was developing rapidly.

=======================================
[244] 6. Magic Clash (4)





The downside of detonation magic is that the battery is not intuitive, so the casting time varies greatly depending on the explosive power.

One kilobuster is the power that can blow up a wagon, and it took an average of 21 seconds for a certified 10th class wizard to cast a kilobuster.

However, the Servant Iruki was able to end the battery in 3 seconds. And now, the power he raised over 10 seconds reached a whopping 10 kilobuster.

Closer had a hunch that this explosion would not be trivial given that Iruki's magic kept silence. If you tried to defend the whole, you were more likely to be mortally wounded.

The closer, who predicted the hit point, concentrated the earth skin on the left side. As if time was speeding up, the soil piled up to form a solid earthen wall.

At the same time, Iruki's atomic spring exploded.

Because there was no jungle judgment, Closer did not move, but Earth Skin flew without a trace.

"Pooh!"

Closer let out a heavy breath. His shock was offset, but his power to blow away his earth skin was enough to give goosebumps.

At this point, Iruki also became serious. He did not know that he would completely block the explosion of the 10 kilobuster. He was a much tougher wizard than expected.

'Should I be forced to do it?'

Iruki divided his mind into two and operated another Spirit Zone. The moment the two spirit zones penetrate synesthesia, Closer's eyes widened.

It felt like fighting two wizards.

'Damn it. Isn't this cheating?'

From now on, I couldn't even enjoy closers. If the 10 kilobuster Atomic Bombs that had been blocked earlier came flying from both sides, defense would be impossible.

"I'll finish it before then!"

When he cast the heavy stone, the soil clumped together in the air at great speed, and a boulder weighing nearly one ton fell on top of Iruki's head.

It was a gravitational weapon that could simply mate soil (an alchemy term for creating a new substance), but could crush it with only potential energy when executed from a high place.

thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!

Rocks crashed wherever Iruki moved.

It takes time to convert, and if you calculate the arrival time, the effect won't be great in a person-to-person battle, but if you're in a situation where you can't move, it's terrible to imagine.

'Right. Is that what you're aiming for?'

Iruki saw through Closer's intentions. The fact that it took time to reach the ground meant that time-lag attacks were possible in conjunction with other magic.

As expected, Closer casts a heavy stone in a wide range.

While several rocks were being created in the air, the heavy stone's batteries were removed with skill and new batteries were installed.

When the slug magic was cast, the surrounding stones floated and shot like bullets.

"How about this!"

Falling rocks from the sky, and stones from the front, spread like bullets and flew in.

"Sheesh! I didn't want to write this."

Iruki changed one of the spirit zones to defense type and cast defense magic.

Hundreds of tiny, 10-gram buster bombs were spread in the shape of spheres along the surface of the Spirit Zone. The rushing stones then collided with the bomb, setting off a mini-fire.

The students stared blankly at the sight of countless serial explosions taking place at the boundary of the workshop.

It was the Bomblet Barrier, the symbol of detonation wizards.

The key was how many small bombs could be implemented in the Spirit Zone with the technique of floating hundreds of small bombs around and intercepting approaching objects before they reached the wizard.

Based on that standard, Iruki was able to implement a total of 387 small bombs in the same time period.

Looking at the number alone, it is a skill that is comparable to that of a pro, but even with the spring bullet barrier, Iruki was put on the defensive.

It was also a problem that the breakaway type was too good. Most of Iruki's advanced techniques occur in the breakaway type. However, the Bomblet Barrier is most effective when used as a defensive spirit zone.

In short, it was like an attack-oriented swordsman who wielded dual swords gave up one sword and picked up a shield.

Of course, since he was Iruki in the Double Spirit Zone, he could hold even one sword, but he couldn't break through the earth magic defense unless he used two breakaway types at the same time.

"Quack! Don't let this end!"

Closer covered his face with his arms and plunged head-on into the bomblet barrier. It was an action that he could do because he believed in Earth Skin's defense power.

Upon breaking through the curtain of small bombs, Iruki detonated the atomic bomb in a rapid rhythm.

As the explosion of the 10 Gram Buster frantically pounded the guard, the closer also crumpled his face this time. But instead of stopping the rush, he went deeper. And at the moment the earth skin was shattered, he raised his fist and struck Iruki in the face.

Iruki's eyes spun around and then fell out.

Silence fell in the hall. In 2,000 man-to-person battles, no one expected that a magician would strike with his fist.

"Can I do that? You hit me with your fist."

"I don't know. It's a confrontation, so it doesn't matter, right? There's no rule saying you can't use your body."

The eyes of the students naturally focused on the referee. Etel was also making a puzzled expression.

When I looked at the condition with the master bracelet, the previous blow had a great effect.

Until now, Iruki's gauge had been decreasing by 1% per minute. The fact that the rate of decline was constant like an hourglass meant that she was good at managing it.

However, the moment I got hit by Closer's fist, it was cut in half. It was a weakness of wizards who were weak against physical attacks.

Having made her decision, Ethella stepped back in recognition.

Due to the nature of earth magic, it was safe to say that it was a tactic because it could be effective even with physical collision.

"Hey, did I tell you? Even though he gave me a hint, he couldn't take it, so the word genius is false."

Closer kicked Iruki's waist as he tried to stand up. Iruki's body rolled and fell to the floor.

It was an attack that even knocked down the giant Mark in one blow, so the Double Spirit Zone was already impossible.

Nevertheless, Closer approached with Earth skin all over his body just in case.

"Shall we go into the renovation soon? First, prepare your body."

Closer raised his foot and stepped on his tiny body. Iruki covered his face and crouched motionless.

"Hey, are you sick? it hurts? You don't show your face until the end? You're ugly from the start, so what's wrong?"

"That child... ... ! kill it."

Nade clenched his fists and shook them. Even so, it was for the sake of Iruki's last pride that he did not rush.

"Shirone, you stand back. I will take responsibility."

"If we are going to fight, we must fight together. But I don't think we need to go out. Because Iruki hasn't given up yet."

Nade looked closely at Iruki. Iruki's smiling face could be seen between her arms that were covered by her. Now that even the Bomblet Barrier has been destroyed, there is nothing I can try. What the hell are you thinking that makes you laugh even when you get beaten up?

"It is surprisingly tough. Hey, look around."

Iruki, who was pushed back by Closer's kick, turned on his back. Contrary to the expectation that he would be frightened, his face was lighthearted.

"This kid makes me feel dirty until the end. This time, I'll really put her down on the bridge of her nose."

Displeased, Closer raised his leg and aimed at Iruki's face. One blow would break the bridge of his nose.

"Kick Kick! Kick kick kick!"

Iruki, who laughed as strangely as his grotesque voice, bent his waist like a bow and propped his head against the ground and looked at Shirone.

"Shirone, I'm sorry. I was saving it for you."

The students are speechless. Iruki's bizarre behavior was about to start again.

"You bastard!"

The moment Closer, thinking that he had been ignored, thrust his foot down like a thunderbolt, Iruki's mouth was torn.

"I'll show you something interesting, Shirone."

bang! The boots hit the ground.

Iruki, who evaded by rolling on the floor, went into Closer's arms. And with his slender wrists he swung his fists.

Closer was ridiculous. Since Earth Skin and even Earth Rise were on, only his fists would be damaged.

"Aww!"

Contrary to expectations, a heavy shock was transmitted to the abdomen, and a light moan escaped from Closer's mouth.

Closer's eyes widened in shock. His power was so-so, but he had lost all of the defensive magic that surrounded him.

"Uh, how... ... ?"

Iruki took off in a martial arts posture imitating a crane. Then he stabbed Closer in the eye with two of his fingers.

"Aww!"

"Ouch! my eyes!"

Closer, who lost sight momentarily, hurriedly cast Earthrise. But it was the same this time. I thought the magic was activated, but it was canceled as if time was flowing backwards.

Tok. Again.

The archivist, who was watching the battle, dropped his pen without taking his eyes off Iruki.

"... ... Cancellation?"

Cancel magic cancellation.

Apart from its power, it was a magic of the highest level of difficulty, which canceled the wizard's omnipotence.

In magic books, cancellation is often compared to a glass.

The question is whether the shattered shards can be restored on their own when a glass is dropped on the floor.

The answer is 'yes'.

Nonetheless, no one has ever seen such a phenomenon because the probability is extremely low.

As time occurs in the beginning, the world is moving from a stable state to an unstable state.

That's why if you drop a glass, it will break with an infinite number of variables.

However, in just one of those infinite cases, if the direction and speed of the force acting at the moment the glass breaks is completely reversed, the glass can be restored by itself.

In fact, since breakage is only a state in which bonds between molecules are broken, if the force is reversed at the atomic level, it is possible to restore it to a perfect state without a single incontinence.

Wizards call it the 'returned glass'.

Iruki infiltrated the spirit zone of the breakaway type into the spirit zone of the closer and analyzed the effect of the change in the mind.

Then, the pattern generated by a specific magic was reversed into an equation, and the returned glass was successful.

It is a task that requires computational abilities that ordinary humans cannot even imitate. This was the reason why 72% of magicians who could use cancellation had Servant Syndrome abilities.

"Aaaaaa! it's annoying!"

Closer writhed with both arms in annoyance. When he gave up defense and cast Heavy Stone, about 10 rocks were created in the air.

Iruki started canceling one by one while poking with his fingers. Then, the process of consolidating the soil was reversed as if time had turned backwards and disappeared.

"Oh no! Acho! Aww!"

Iruki stubbornly developed his martial arts. To onlookers, it might look like he was mocking Closer, but in reality he was serious.

When he hit Closer on the bridge of his nose, two lines of blood broke out.

There was no way to respond to a situation where magic was forcibly cancelled. It was like a battle between a wizard and an ordinary person.

How terrifying magic cancellation is was clearly revealed in the teachers' facial expressions. Even if you are a student, if you have mastered the cancellation magic, the story will be different.

"I knew he was excellent, but when did he get that kind of ability... ... ."

"The influence of the environment will also be great. Apparently, Iruki's father... ... ."

The head of the dragon mine, a mercodine albino.

Although he seems to have a low-key personality, it is known that not many people in the kingdom know what he is thinking.

Servants have the potential to become the best in anti-magic and cancellation, so it was clear that any albino in the world would have been trained since childhood.

"Not all Servants are as fast-paced as Iruki. If you manage it well, you will reach an unrivaled realm in the future."

As if clothes were getting wet from drizzling rain, Iruki's small fists were hit countless times, and his bones throbbed.

Closer's face was a mess. His eyes were swollen and blood was leaking from his nose. His lips were cracked and hurt every time he moved.

=======================================
[245] 6. Magic Clash (5)





"I won't let you go! I don't care about confrontation anymore!"

Closer gave up magic and attacked. If it's a physical fight, there's no way I'll lose to Iruki, isn't it? But that thought was proof that he had lost his temper.

The moment Closer punched, an explosion of 10 kilobusters exploded. As his sanity gauge dropped all the way, his knees hit the ground. If the synchro rate wasn't 50%, it would have been an instant death situation.

Closer looked up at Iruki with a bewildered face. Right away, the regime flew in and hit me in the nose. Now, even the touch of his fingertips hurts.

Tears welled up in Closer's eyes.

"Aaaagh!"

"Now, shall we make an orc soon?"

As Iruki said while stroking his fists, Closer, who suddenly came to his senses, raised his hand.

"Wait a minute! I'll admit it! i lost... ... !"

Iruki's strong punch crushed his nose. Close's heavy upper body leaned back and shot the back of the head.

Iruki also frowned and wiped his hands. As expected, it didn't seem like anyone was doing anything to hit people.

"Ah, it's a fist."

When Etella made the victory decision, the students burst into cheers as if they had been waiting for it.

In particular, Mark and Maria were very fond of it. I felt like I had a tooth knocked out because I threw away such a nasty Closer.

'Awesome. Shiro's senpai and her friends are amazing too.'

Iruki is obviously a great senior, but I never respected him with my heart. Just Servant Syndrome. He considered himself one of those common geniuses with biological privileges.

But now it was different. He couldn't help but admit his ability to play around with the closers known in the kingdom.

Although he is popular at school, he is currently being pursued by numerous women. She seemed to have a lot of people piled on Closer like Maria.

"It's cool, Iruki-senpai! It's the best!"

"that's right! Wow, handsome!"

Iruki shrugged and stepped on the fainted Closer's cheek with his right foot. Then he calmly made a V with his fingers and gave the victory sign.

The cheers fell and stopped. No matter how much you hate it, stepping on the head of a loser. That eccentric personality would never be corrected.

Seriel, who had been watching the battle without even breathing, gulped and asked Amy.

"Shirone and friends... ... Didn't you say you were coming up next year?"

"yes. I think you said that?"

"yes. I have to graduate this year somehow. When they all make it to their senior year, it will be real competition hell."

Seriel is also a competent person who has settled down stably in her senior year. But she couldn't take what she said as a joke.

In fact, most seniors were not laughing.

He was just sending his eyes of caution and caution to a potential competitor who would block his graduation.

'Well, I guess I should be careful too. I've felt it before... ... What a great kid.'

During the Class Five days, Iruki came to visit me. He had a few words of conversation, but it seems that he turned off his nerves because it was so absurd.

But now that I think about it, it seems that the absurd words at that time were real to Iruki.

Shirone and Nade ran to Iruki with shocked faces. In particular, Shirone had no choice but to admit that the secret weapon to defeat him was not a lie.

Of course, it was extremely difficult to calculate the returned glass, but once the analysis was done, it was clear that no mage would be in the mood to fight Iruki.

"Iruki, you are really amazing. I got goosebumps watching it."

"Yeah. You kept it a secret from us, when did you practice?"

"Today is the first time I actually used it. I was caught by my father during vacation and I only solved the formula to die. I thought I would be able to do well once I got into practice, but when I actually tried it, it became easy as expected."

If it was like any other time, I would have put my head on it, but I couldn't hate it as much as today.

With this, victory and defeat were tied, and the desired result of sending Shirone to Dante was achieved.

Dante walked over as Sabina woke the fainting Closer. However, the person he spoke to was not Shirone, but Iruki.

"I saw a good game. cancellation. Impressive."

"Isn't that already in trouble? It will be more impressive in your match."

Dante snorted. Cancellation is the highest level that is impossible even for pros. In the end, the first place in the advanced class was neither Boyle nor Shirone. It was Iruki.

"I thought it was over when I left the Royal Magic School, but talent doesn't die. so I'm even more sorry It would have been a better match if I had stuck with you."

It was as if Shirone didn't care. In fact, he was thinking that promoting a rematch with Iruki would help the box office.

"I see what you mean. But with that kind of complacency, it must be hard to beat Shirone, right?"

"haha! I? To this country chicken? If you're at your level, you'll know. It never happens."

"Do you know why I left Baska? Because I thought there was no one who could stop me there."

Dante's expression crumpled. It was a remark that blasphemed not only himself but also the entire Royal Academy of Magic.

"I don't know now, but I thought so at the time. That no one can control the hazardous substances in my head."

"therefore? Are there people like that here?"

"I met two people. One refused but one accepted. that's Shirone I don't care what your impression is, but if you think you're the best and all, you'll be in the worst mood for next week's showdown."

Dante turned his gaze to Shirone. Why does everyone rate this child so highly?

At first, I thought it was simply because he was an unlocker. However, if he was a genius enough to use cancellation, he wouldn't judge by such a low standard.

The students who had been listening to the conversation between the two became agitated.

It was revealed during the speed gun test last semester that Shirone was the person to stop Iruki from running amok. However, Iruki said that he had met the two of them.

"Who the hell are you, the only one left?"

"Isn't it senior Amy? There were rumors like that before. Iruki is sniping Amy-senpai."

There were several other characters besides Amy, but it was unknown unless Iruki revealed it.

Anyway, the second confrontation ended with a complete victory for Iruki.

The hearts of the students returning home were pounding. Now next week was the highlight of the big match, Shirone vs Dante.

He supported Shirone in his heart, but he had no choice but to raise Dante's hand with objective power.

A splendid record of 472 wins in 472 matches. Time seemed to slow down the next week.



@



The day I've been waiting for day by day has arrived.

Since morning, the school has been busy welcoming new guests.

The students tidied up their quarters, washed themselves, and put on their best clothes.

Killin, a correspondent for the Teachers' Association, entered Alpheas Magic School accompanied by a video recorder. When she saw the students gathered in the training room for 2,000 times in advance, she put a smile on her face.

'Even at the local school, Dante's reputation is awesome. I have a few hours left to start.'

Killline cuts between Mark and Maria, who are waiting in line, and enters the practice room.

"sorry. I'm a correspondent. I'll go in first."

Maria looked up curiously.

"Wow, that guy is the kill line. I only heard her name in an academic journal, but she is more beautiful than I thought."

"Hmph, I heard that you are a die-hard Dante follower. They are like enemies to us."

As the match time approached, the practice field was opened. Shirone also entered after waiting in line with her friends at the entrance.

The stage was splendidly decorated to make the word unofficial confrontation colorless. The rumor that the event company was called last night to arrange it seemed to be true.

The sleek physics blocks were free of dust, and even torches were installed to create an atmosphere.

A video recorder was installed at a location where the practice field could be seen at a glance. It was a device that could capture the passage of time, unlike an optical camera that recorded a moment in time.

According to Nade's explanation, the optical crystal used in the video recorder is called Obscura B, which is 200 times more expensive than Obscura A used in optical cameras.

It is a mineral that occurs in ultra-low-temperature darkrooms and is highly valuable because it cannot be synthesized through alchemy.

As such, Obscura B is being handled by the government, and for use, it has to be approved by the relevant authorities.

"In a nutshell, we decided that it was worth capturing Shirone's confrontation in the kingdom. If you win this confrontation, your name will really be known throughout the kingdom."

While Ned was excited about his work, Iruki calmly faced reality.

"The approval must have been given to include Dante, not Shirone. There aren't many wizards who can handle information magic as well as Dante. I'm thinking of using it as a teaching material for the Royal Magic School."

"Sheesh! It doesn't matter anyway Because Shirone will win. Is that right, Shirone?"

Shirone wanted to smile, but the corner of her mouth didn't go up well. After a while, she gets into a fight with Dante. Although she was determined to do her best, she was not an opponent who could be sure of the result.

On the way, I met Canis and Arin. She said, as a habit, that she was not interested, but it seemed that she was interested in today's confrontation.

The front seats in the 2,000 were reserved for teachers and officials, so Mark and Maria reserved their seats in the second row. Amy and Seriel were also occupying their seats early on.

As Shirone walked in, Mark nodded.

"Hello, senior!"

"Shirone! Shirone is here!"

When Seriel ran like a puppy meeting her master, holding Shirone's hand and bringing her back, Amy examined Shirone's face. He wasn't nervous, but he wasn't relaxed either.

Canis, who was following Shirone, raised her hand when she saw Amy. It was the first time we saw each other in one place, even though we had known each other while passing by because we had been busy with each other since we returned from heaven.

"Hey, Pumpkin. long time no see."

"Where is this for seniors? Aren't you going to call me senior?"

The two, who were enemies in heaven, were the same at school.

"Don't be too tight. Then should I call Arin sunbaenim too?"

In fact, Arin was at a loss as to how to greet them.

"Of course Arin is an exception! Every time I see you, you keep trying to get involved with Arin, but that doesn't work for me!"

Shirone interceded.

"now. It's good if everyone is friendly. But why do you two fight every time you meet?"

Canis and Amy shouted, pointing at each other.

"You scratch your temper first!"

Shirone forgot the tension of the confrontation and laughed. Well, it was a bad relationship that started when Arcane invaded the school. Just keeping her friends was on the side of no end.

Mark and Maria, distant juniors, could not participate in the conversation and were watching from a distance.

After putting them together in one place, the Shirone line was also the top class in school. At least in Mark's eyes, the seven of them felt like a walking legion.

At that time, Dante's party, which could be called another legion, approached from the other side.

Mark glared at them and burst out laughing. It was because he was quite different from when he first transferred.

Sabina looked weak and Closer had a bandage on her face.

'Quack. It's ugly, fools. That's why you shouldn't touch the Shirone line.'

Dante fixed his gaze on Amy first. She was so pretty that she couldn't help but be conscious of it. It didn't really make her shine, but it felt like only she was clear.

The red-faced Karmis family. Besides, before entering the graduating class, he overwhelmingly beat Boyle and Pandora in first place. If she had to welcome someone to be her queen here, there was no one more suited to her than she was.

"hello. The reputation of the Karmis family is well known. My name is Air servant Dante."

"yes. I hope you will work hard and get good results."

=======================================
[246] 6. Magic Clash (6)





Dante was bewildered. He didn't really want a favorable attitude, but at least he expected a special reaction, whether he liked it or not, to be greeted as number one in the country. But Amy, like her other juniors, gave only ordinary thanks.

"Is that all? To be honest, I would like to hear a compliment. The result is that I will win anyway."

Seriel, enraged by those words, grabbed Amy and Shirone's wrists and forced them to hold hands.

"You sound funny! I wish I had done that to the person I was fighting with my boyfriend, what more do you want? Amy is always on Shirone's side, so wake up!"

It was the first time Dante had heard of it. Come to think of it, I never asked who Shirone's girlfriend was. Clearly, she wasn't the type to hang out with a girl.

"Really, Amy-senpai?"

"yes. Really."

Amy's confirmed kill made Dante a poop-chewed face.

"Shirone students! Dante student! Come this way! I have to get an interview, so come quickly!"

A teacher association official called the two. It was scheduled for an interview before the showdown.

Shirone said while following the person in charge.

"Then I will come. see you when it's over Don't go first, wait."

Dante quietly walked behind Shirone. He honestly didn't feel like provoking him because he felt like he had a shot. How can Amy date her country boy like Shirone?

'Hmm, no matter what, you'll eventually become my woman. I'll give you a muk bowl in this confrontation.'

He's not the kind of person who lights up a woman like Closer, but having a beautiful and intelligent woman around makes a man stand out.

In that sense, Amy was a woman who would fit right next to her. She's not in the class to hang out with a country boy.

Dante could not hide his curiosity and looked at Shirone.

In the meantime, I went around collecting various information, but everyone I asked said that Shirone was the best.

Most of all, what left an impression on me was that he didn't hurt his pride or get offended when he said such things.

'Why is this kind of meek guy the best? Are you still hiding something?'

Canis said that there was nothing good about touching Shirone. Iruki said that only Shirone could control him.

Amy, the best student in school, was Shirone's girlfriend.

Mark and Maria did not withdraw their eyes of respect for Shirone even in front of the name Dante.

That moment... ... My heart started beating. It was the kind of tension I had never experienced before.

I don't know anything. The more information he got, the more the person named Shirone became blurry.

Who the hell is Shirone?

Dante arrived at the back of the practice field with a distraught heart. As if the teachers' interview hadn't ended, Killline was beside Saad asking questions and the video recorder was recording it.

Whenever a question came in, Sade's face became more like a blank sheet of paper. Then it dawned on me that his skin might have become transparent so that he might be able to see his bones.

"I think the odds between Dante and Shirone are 5-5. However, if there is a variable, I think it is about 6 to 4."

"okay. thank you."

Killline turned away as if there was nothing more to see. Not only did she lose the nutritional value of the contents, but she was useless even if she tried to capture the face of a nervous person.

Besides, it's 5-5. In her opinion, Dante was 10 and Shirone was 0. Of course, as an article, it would be about 9 to 1.

Killline approached Ethella, who was waiting for her next turn. She also showed her clumsiness, perhaps for the first time in a situation like this.

"Ahaha! Yes. Shirone is such a good kid. Oh, and Dante is a great student too. I hope everyone gets along well as one, ahahaha!"

"... ... Yes. Okay. I heard good things."

When Killline ended the interview with a single stroke, Ethella let out a sigh of relief. Realizing that she was doomed, Sade approached Ethella and pretended to cry.

Their articles will never be published.

Killline was getting annoyed. He was said to be one of the top 5 prestigious, so he prepared everything, but every teacher he met had no sense.

I hoped for Shiina, who was the last one, and thought that if that didn't work, I'd have to go through the teacher interview.

"Hello, Shiina-sensei. It is the kill line of the Teachers Association."

"Yes, this is Olifer Shiina."

Shiina nodded toward the video recorder with a cold expression on her face.

Killline's eyes shone as if he finally got it right.

'Oh, nice character, nice expression. I can get this.'

Shiina answered incoming questions without hesitation. She conveyed her thoughts as they were, so she had no reason to be nervous.

"okay. Thank you for those kind words. So let me ask you one last question. You are the referee today. Dante and Shirone, who do you think will win?"

It's cruel to ask a teacher how his student won or lost, but it was Killline's job to think about these questions.

The crueler it is, the funnier it is for the viewer. To read articles like this, students across the country buy academic journals.

Shiina thought for a moment before answering leisurely.

"Personally, I think Dante has an advantage. About 7 to 3? But no matter who wins, it doesn't determine the wizard's level. It would be anachronistic and barbaric to limit magic to combat."

"ah... ... okay. Thank you for the interview today."

Shiina bowed lightly and disappeared from the focus of the video recorder. Sade wanted to cry all the more when he saw that even the departure was sophisticated. On the other hand, Ethella burst out with exclamations.

"Wow, that's great. I was so nervous I couldn't say anything."

"Sheesh, you're from the Oliper School. How could you know the earnestness of a nameless teacher like me?"

"Whoops, no. Sade teacher did a good job too."

Ethella patted him on the back. However, Saad, who watched her interview, was not comforted in the slightest.

The kill line has finally walked to the stars of the day.

Priority was given to Dante first and Shirone second.

Considering the time left until the confrontation, the person who finished the interview first can buy some time to recover.

"Dante, can you do well today? I'll write a cool article, so please be fancy."

"haha! Do not worry. When was it not flashy?"

"How can you speak so beautifully? Then the interview begins."

Killline's laughter faded, followed by serious questions. Dante also skillfully answered with his unique wit. He seemed to know even the angle from which her face came out cool.

"Yes, according to Master Olivia's will. I think spreading the advanced magic of the capital to the community is a good way to narrow the skill gap between magic schools."

"Oh, but isn't that a loss for Dante-kun?"

"haha! Not so. The higher the overall level, the more I boil. And at the end of this semester, I will be entering my graduating class. I have to become a pro now."

"As expected, this is a bold statement befitting the kingdom's best prospect. So, lastly, you've defeated countless opponents with an overwhelming gap, how about today's confrontation? Can I look forward to it?"

"First of all, Shirone is an unlocker. And he's also very talented. Maybe it will be a good fight. But as always, the winner is me. Today I will show you the essence of information magic."

"Thank you for the interview. I look forward to good results. Alright then, let's interview Shirone-kun next. Shirone-kun, could you come this way?"

"Ah yes!"

Shirone, who thought there would be time to prepare when Dante was over, was caught off guard and suddenly came to his senses. Standing in front of the video recorder, I could feel the feelings of the teachers.

In particular, Dante's interview was pretentious enough to praise the opponent. She couldn't decide whether to tell Killine what she wanted to hear or to tell her how she felt.

"uh... ... So. Yes. I entered magic school this year."

"The rumors are true! There was a reason why Dante-kun acknowledged it as a confrontational opponent. Then, from Shirone's point of view, how is Dante-kun? Do you feel lucky to have a chance to play against the best student in the kingdom?"

Most of the words that came out of Killline's mouth were questions related to Dante. However, Shirone had no time to feel dissatisfied. He was overwhelmed just by thinking of the words as his eyes urged him to answer.

"Ah, yes. I don't like fighting, but it's nice to have this opportunity."

Killline sighed inwardly.

'What if I use the expression 'good' twice? You look clumsy It's too late for this child to become a star.'

No one beat Dante, but there were quite a few students who made their names known by sticking to their star surname.

However, Shirone was a country boy without fail. He's good-looking, and he'd be eaten if he dressed up, but with this clumsy attitude, he couldn't appeal to the girls in Vaska.

Dante, who had been listening to Shirone's interview, turned away as if he had nothing more to look at.

In the meantime, Killline asked one last question.

"I can't help but ask what Shirone-kun thinks. Many experts are predicting Shirone-kun's defeat, what do you think about that?"

"uh... ... I cannot approve of Dante."

Killine's smiling face was devoid of emotion, leaving only form. Dante also stopped and looked back at her.

"Dante doesn't seem to know what is really important. It doesn't matter how famous he is in the capital city or who he beats to get to this point. A sorcerer is not simply a magician who can light fire and freeze water. The spirit that pursues intellect, that is magic. I don't think I can get tired of a wizard who is out of his mind no matter how great he casts magic. No, I will never lose to a wizard like that."

Even Killline, who had gone through all the pre-natal battles, missed the timing by about 0.5 seconds at Shirone's bomb declaration.

After a while, her words continued.

"Wow, wow! The challenger's spirit is amazing! I wish good results to Shirone-kun. It was the kill line for the Correspondent of the Teachers' Association."

Dante fixed his gaze on Shirone, who was moving away. A steely spirit hidden behind the clumsiness. Flexibility that seems to sway here and there, but does not change as much as its shape.

'Right. Was it you?'

Dante's eyes began to see Shirone for the first time.



The audience seats were full.

The front row was occupied by teachers, only the two middle seats were empty. You could tell who was going to sit without looking.

"Heh heh, as expected, Principal Olivia is very resourceful."

The teachers stood up when Alpheas and Olivia appeared.

The students behind them also stood up without knowing why, and the skyline of the crowd rolled over like a wave.

Alpheas, sitting in the reserved seat, looked left and right, then as if he had a good idea, he grabbed the handle of the chair and pulled it forward.

"This is blinding. I'd like to see it up close."

Olivia approached with a reddened face at the absurd act of turning all the people in the first row into the second row.

"What is this? Embarrass yourself in front of everyone."

"Cheuk, don't do that, come forward. You look good."

"I'm crazy? To act the same as a person like you?"

"Then don't mind me and go away."

As Alpheas acted like a savage, Olivia snorted. Then she turned coldly and she herself pulled up her chair and sat down next to Alpheas.

If left alone, there might be an article saying that Mirhi Alfeas has gone senile.

Alpheas lifted his leg and placed it on the opposite knee, waiting for the confrontation with a crooked posture. Olivia made her impression on every aspect she didn't like.

"Sit up straight. Become a principal. Do you know what kind of underground fighting arena this is?"

"It's because the blood boils after a long time."

"What if I get old and my blood boils? So, what are men? Our photos will be published in academic journals. wake up soon Have a nice seat."

Then, Alpheas laid his upper body down, put his arms on the handle and rested his chin on it. Anyway, since her apprentice days, Olivia glared at her coldly, thinking that she wouldn't listen even if she died. On the other hand, Alpheas' eyes seemed to be burning. She pursed her lips, lost for a moment in her old thoughts at the sight of her.

"You're not expecting that, are you? It's a battle that Dante has no choice but to win."

"Don't you know that? And I'm not sitting here to cheer for anyone. If Shirone loses, I think it will be a good result."

"What kind of senile noise is that?"

=======================================
[247] 6. Magic Clash (7)





"Shirone is a strong kid. I'm not the type to get frustrated if I lose once, and rather, I'm sure you'll gain something bigger through defeat. If he is a true teacher, he must also teach us how to learn from defeat."

Olivia raised her hand as if to block Alpheas's voice.

"I'll take it as an excuse from a 4th-class loser."

"Cheuk, anyway, today I'm just a spectator. Syrone and Dantera. That would be really fun."

The time for confrontation has finally returned.

When Shiina, who was in charge of refereeing, walked to the center of the 2,000th, the atmosphere in the hall became reverent.

After a while, the best talent of Alpheas School of Magic and the best talent of the kingdom collide.

Mark, whose limbs were shaking as if having trouble breathing, looked back at Iruki who was sitting next to him.

"Oh, it feels like my blood is drying up. Senior, Shirone-senpai can win, right?"

"I think both of you will have a chance. Attack magic is different for Syrone, but Dante's tactical operation cannot be ignored. If the number of magic circles increases, Shirone will also be tied up from then on."

A hopeful diagnosis did not come out even from the mouth of Iruki, who could be said to be the closest. Mark was crying and trying to get his words out when the students suddenly shouted.

Shirone and Dante were coming up on the side of the 2,000.

Shiina, who served as the referee, was courteous to the former and current principals, then summoned Shirone and Dante to the center of the 2,000th.

The faces of the students who watched with interest as the two met turned pale. It was because Shirone was approaching Dante beyond the prescribed location.

'Oops!'

Shirone hurriedly came to his senses and stopped walking. But Dante's face was already right in front of her nose. It was because I didn't pay attention to her while thinking deeply.

The students understood Shirone's behavior as a provocation and were more excited, but their friends who knew Shirone's personality had a different idea.

It was clear that he was nervous.

Killline laughed as if she felt sorry for the unusual situation.

"Ho Ho! what should I do? What time of day would such a cheap provocation be made?"

There were many challengers who had behaved like that against Dante in the past. Whenever that happened, Dante would leisurely strike back and rather embarrass his opponent.

Whoops, Dante. What performance will we start with today... ... yes?'

A question crossed Killline's face. Dante was also glaring at Shirone without even moving.

Shiina was explaining the rules, but I couldn't even get the feeling that I was hearing them.

Dante's friends were equally puzzled, as they had never seen anything like that before.

Sabina said, biting her nails.

"Dante, don't you think you're a little nervous?"

"I'm not that kind of person. Did you feel good until morning? let's wait a bit Maybe that's showmanship too."

Iruki, who had been listening to the conversation between the two, spoke.

"I can't help but be nervous."

"Yes? You can't help but be nervous?"

Mark turned his head away with shocked eyes. Her nervousness reached its peak, and she was surprised at anything Iruki said.

"Shirone has never lost a competition. He said that the period of learning magic was short, but that's why he kept jumping over the barriers of high difficulty and came this far. Of course, Dante also accumulated a record that was close to impossible in the position of emperor for a long time. Those two will face each other."

said Amy.

"A defeat is a record that is engraved in a person's life. Change the direction of life in any way. However, the two are still undefeated. An abnormal career that is possible only when a single mistake is not tolerated. You don't want to miss it."

Iruki answered.

"And today, the career of one of them is completely over. You will engrave the record of defeat into your life and live on."

Mark was dazed. Is this the world where geniuses live? Defeat was engraved at the age of only 15, and he was in a state where he could not even catch his senses.

But I didn't feel the slightest regret. She just hoped that Shirone, who had beaten her, would win again, and her heart only raced as much as her heart ached.

"Ugh. driving me crazy. When are you starting?"

Shiina, who explained the rules, instructed them to keep their distance. But nobody moved. I couldn't seem to hear it.

"Two people? Please return to the designated location and wait."

All sorts of thoughts ran through Dante's head. who the heck is this boy? At first he said he didn't want to fight, he said he didn't need power or honor, but now he was glaring at me like he was going to eat me.

'no. Let's not think about it.'

Dante suddenly came to his senses. He hasn't lost in 472 fights, so we can expect him to not lose in the future. Just like any other challenger, he just had to step on it.

"Shirone! Dante! Follow the referee's instructions!"

The two came to their senses only after Shiina shouted ferociously, and stood back without averting their gaze.

Arriving at the designated location, Dante took a deep breath and moved his body to relax.

The distance of 60 meters seemed farther than usual.

However, I came up by beating all the strong people who said I was strong. It's a match that you can't lose if you do it as usual.

'Yes, I can fight my way. His only option would be a pre-emptive strike. Let's use it in reverse. As a target type, I have an advantage in speed.'

Accelerating the four-way to maximum, spreads a space movement magic circle under Shirone's feet. He wouldn't be shocked, but there was no way to break the balance. Then it was enough to cook according to the occasion, as we had been doing.

"Then from now on Shirone and Dante, Dante and Shirone... ... ."

Shiina's words were drowned out by a loud shout.

It's a crash in the next 10 seconds.

It felt like the temperature of the air had risen due to the heat.

Shiina gave up trying to signal with a sound and raised her hand. Then, the cheers of the students grew louder, and Shirone and Dante's eyes were fixed on the hand signals.

"Start the game!"

Dante developed an ultra-high-speed sequence formula. The number that started from 1 reached 10,000, and the target-type Spirit Zone stretched out and swallowed Shirone.

'done... ... !'

The moment he thought that, Dante's eyes widened. Dozens of photon cannons had reached his nose before he knew it.

Dante replaced the batteries and spread a defensive magic circle. The photon cannon, spread out like a barrage, struck the magic circle. Only then did I realize how things were going.

'Immortal Function!'

Immortal function was opened from the beginning. Moreover, regardless of the tactics used, the photon cannon was fired nonstop.

Even the speed was fast with physical power comparable to earth magic. When I actually experienced it, it was a seriously irritating magic.

Every time the defense magic circle cracked, information was accumulated and repaired, but it could not hold out any longer.

When Dante avoided the spot by teleportation, Shirone, who was firing a photon cannon at high speed, followed after using photonization magic.

Two flashes of light embroidered the sky over 2,000 times.

The students were mesmerized by the slugfest that unfolded from the start, or rather, the one-sided display of firepower.

Iruki let out a devastated laugh.

Of course, that's a good move. However, it was unexpected that Shirone, who has a prudent personality, would bet on the game this early.

"It's an ulterior motive to prevent anyone from even thinking about opening a magic circle from the beginning."

Mark asked in a trembling voice.

"It's amazing. Is the person you are fighting right now the person who had a teleportation match with me last semester?"

"Probably not. Anyway, the fact that they don't give you time to practice your skills means that Shirone is serious too. If this happens, we don't know the outcome."

Shirone put pressure on Dante with her flamboyant movements. After blocking the left and right sides with the Patrol skill, he reversed the rainbow drop and soared into the sky. Underfoot, dozens of photon masses, several of which were born per second, chased after each other.

Shirone shot them all. When the photon cannon took over the space, Dante escaped by descending to the ground, the only way out. An air-to-ground bombardment followed, but he didn't feel like looking up at the sky.

'Damn it! Let's use some magic! Wasn't that a complete jerk?'

No, maybe this is better.

I can't keep immortal function for a long time anyway. If he passed only his initial offensive safely, it was his own victory.

'Yes, no matter how long it is in this state, it's 30 minutes. If you can hold out for 30 minutes... ... !'

The photon cannons fell in a row, scratching the floor. Dante turned and checked Shirone's location.

Dozens of photon masses were pouring down from where Shirone was supposed to be.

Realizing the illusion, Dante got goosebumps.

'Damn it! 30 minutes is what, I can't even last 5 minutes!'

After blocking the 1st bombing with a defensive magic circle, he escaped the barrage by breaking through the path that occurred during the delay of the 2nd bombing. But there was nowhere else to move. Unbeknownst to him, he was pushed to the outskirts of the 2,000 rounds.

Shirone used her patrol technique to occupy the space and drove Dante to the end of the corner. Then, when Dante showed signs of slipping away, he threw a condensed photon into his hand. A flash of light stretched out.

In the end, Dante, who couldn't get out of the corner, hurriedly opened a defensive magic circle. A sense of weight that was different from the previous attack was conveyed.

When the 2nd and 3rd attacks collided in the same place, cracks broke even while repairing the magic circle.

Iruki smiled sadly.

"No matter how nervous you are, have you hardened your head? If you've dealt with this much, you should know. There's no way you can stop it with an improvised magic circle."

When the magic circle that was blocking Dante was shattered, Shirone rushed in a straight line as if compressing space into dots.

Dante chose to give up evasion and buy time to prepare. When I spread a magic circle in all directions to block access, Shirone bent down and cast a berserker.

"Keuuugh!"

As the curtain beat 30 times per second and hit the magic circle, Dante's mind felt like it was being torn apart.

I had seen a wide range during tactical training, but I wondered how powerful it would be since it was only used for defense. However, when I experienced it myself, it was a handmade wide-area destructive magic.

As all 7 magic circles were broken, my mind was shaken. Covering her face, Dante peered over his wrist.

But Shirone was nowhere to be seen.

The moment I lowered my gaze, I met eyes with Shirone, who was bending over with photons compressed in her hands.

Shirone swung her hand as she burrowed into Dante's arms. Photon afterimages followed him, hanging his tail.

For wizards, 2 seconds is enough time to increase their power. Dante didn't have time to think about anything else and opened a defensive magic circle.

The photon cannon thrown from an ultra-short distance hit the magic circle, smashed it in one blow, and hit the abdomen.

Dante was stunned for a moment. However, he quickly checked his condition and his shock was not too great.

'Sheesh! Still, I roughly blocked it! From now on... ... !'

At that moment, Shirone reached out with both hands, grabbed Dante by the collar, and cast a photonization spell. Without even time to wonder about the unexpected head-to-head battle, Dante moved as light.

When the photonization magic was released in a state where it was impossible to distinguish where it was, Dante began to search for Shirone's location.

When he looked back, Shirone was nowhere to be seen, and countless photon bullets were filling his field of vision.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

As the photon cannon was hit, the place where Dante was was smeared with white light. The students filtered the photons pouring into the retina with their fingers, but were unable to confirm the situation.

Shirone stopped attacking and took a breath. It was only 5 minutes after he started fighting.

Dante spread seven magic circles in front of him and covered his face with his arms. However, the light of the magic circle soon became blurred and shattered like glass. One of Dante's knees buckled and he slammed the floor with a thump.

The eyes of the students shook in shock. Although they spread the magic circle, it was clear that they could not completely block it.

Iruki's eyes lit up.

"Finally got in. This one is shocking."

Dante is famous for never losing the initiative in any situation.

Once in battle, it was a style of neutralizing the opponent's attack with genius management and then ending it with a counter.

However, Shirone broke through the barrier like an iron wall and succeeded in an attack that could be called an effective attack.

None of the 500 people gathered at the confrontation site said a word. Killin, who had been watching Dante since he was a child, as well as his friends couldn't believe it.

472 wins out of 472.

Dante, who boasts an undefeated record, fell on his knees to his opponent in 5 minutes. As if revealing the ferocity of the battle, a rough wind came in and swept away the two thousand times.





(end of volume 10)

=======================================