
[372] Steel Gate (1)





"Are you here?"

As soon as Nade threw his bag, he jumped onto the sofa.

"Oh, I am tired. The road from the middle to the south is too rough."

"I am from the capital."

"Could I have come by car? I came here while starving and having to wait in the bathroom. If it was the carriage of the Mercodyne family, it would have been cheap while eating."

"Or eat while cheap."

"Enough! How are you anyway? Couldn't it be that they betrayed you and did special training?"

Iruki did not deny it.

"Well, now that we've come this far, shouldn't I graduate too?"

Nade jumped up from the sofa.

"Really? Damn, what am I to do with you? what kind of magic Is it greater than cancellation?"

"It's still at the omnipotent level, so it's not the stage to call it magic. After all, you only have to complete it before the graduation exam. I'll tell you when the desired results come out."

Every senior has a plan to keep their body rhythms at their peak on test day.

Just looking at Amy's case, I knew that no matter what the process was, the result was everything.

"Sheesh, that's fine. I played a lot during vacation."

Iruki looked back at Nade with a bitter look. Contrary to what she said, she wasn't particularly sad.

Even after entering her senior year, it was clear that she was still not interested in wizards.

"But you... ... ."

"yes? what?"

Iruki shook his head and swallowed his words.

"No, nothing."

"Sheesh! It's bland."

The door that had been open opened more violently than before, and Shirone came in.

A smile bloomed on his face as he reunited with his good friends.

"Hey! Guys, what the hell is this smell!"

But the good mood was short-lived, and he immediately covered his nose and frowned.

The floor of the study group was littered with garbage. How the hell do those kids put up with this smell?

Nade and Iruki looked back at each other and giggled.

"sorry. It's been a while since I sprayed perfume. Was it that good?"

"shut up! Clean up first!"

The three of them each took a cleaning tool and started cleaning.

By the time the place that looked like a large garbage warehouse was almost clean, the time for the event was approaching.

Nade, who was lying on the sofa exhausted, looked up at the ceiling and asked.

"What time is it?"

"1 o'clock. I must prepare soon."

Suddenly realizing, Shirone stood up from the sofa.

"hit! I didn't come to conquer!"

"I came to you in the morning. Even you and Nade's."

Nade gave a thumbs up.

"Because it's thorough as well. But do I have to wear it? I really hate wearing them."

Conquest is a school uniform for magic schools, and it is forbidden to wear it except for special events, but students are reluctant to wear it even once a year because it is ridiculous.

"It's not a graduation ceremony, it's a conquest call for an entrance ceremony. I'd rather see myself applying hemorrhoids than wearing that and looking in the mirror."

Shirone turned to Nade and asked.

"Are you hemorrhoids?"

"That's what it says! Let's get ready anyway. Hemorrhoids, no, where is my conquest?"

Iruki pointed to the corner. Three boxes were erected like a tower.

As each of them held a box with their name on it and unfolded their uniform, the white background with a line along the shoulder line fluttered like a ghost.

Wearing it will make you look like a wizard, but wearing a mask in a crowded place will be good for your mental health.

"Ugh, wearing this to meet Class Two kids? they don't wear Aren't we being made fun of?"

"I can't. Because that is the rule."

Iruki was pretty good. He thought that it was enough to cover important parts of the clothes. Like the head, eyes, or heart.

Wearing uniforms over their clothes, the three stood side by side in front of the mirror. It was as if three mushy liquid monsters were standing there.

However, unlike the first thought, the expression was pious.

"Will we ever get a chance to wear this again?"

In the busy senior year schedule, there are few days to wear a uniform. In the end, it meant that if you failed the graduation exam, today would be the last time you would see yourself covered in soup.

Iruki said while flapping his sleeves longer than his arms.

"It won't be easy. After all, we lack information."

Ned looked back in surprise.

"yes? I think you and Shirone will pass the exam well enough?"

"It's a personal feeling, anyway, mathematically it's 1/3. If there are Shirone, Dante, and Amy, two of them will be eliminated. If Shirone passes, Dante and Amy cannot graduate."

Nade couldn't imagine their elimination in his head.

"Ah, would you? All three of them might pass."

"That's because you've known three people. Originally, human beings think that the information they have is the most accurate. But when that happens, he has no one to drop out of. Even with a simple average, there are only 3.3 people per class. And besides, we're the lowest class three in our senior year."

Nade didn't say anything.

Literally the pinnacle of magic school. The gap in skill was narrower than any other class, and it was a group that no one even thought about being eliminated.

Shirone said while shaking the wrinkles of her gown.

"If you want everyone to pass, you don't need probabilities. Let's go with the mindset of starting from the beginning."

Shirone's words were correct.

All the courses taken while going through the low-level class to the advanced class are initialized. It was a real sword fight with 30 people ahead of the final gateway to becoming a wizard.



* * *



With 20 minutes left for the graduating class event, 10 students were walking from different paths towards Central Park.

Without exception, they wore uniforms and their eyes were more intense than usual.

The first to arrive, Shirone and the others greeted the classmates who will compete for the next year.

Students who are ranked within the top 10 in the overall score of practical, theoretical, and performance evaluations.

It felt like even the air was heavy with their aura coming from all directions.

Shirone (ranked 3rd overall in the advanced class) looked back on the road to the east.

Kanis (ranked 6th in the advanced class) and Arin (ranked 7th in the advanced class) were walking side by side.

The two of them faced each other when the Arcanes attacked, and they fought together in Heaven. Shirone knew better than anyone that their skills were not easy.

Canis met Shirone's eyes but turned away without speaking.

He already knew that there was no way that the 10 people who would be gathered here would pass the exam by arming their shoulders side by side.

Arin came in place of Canis.

"Hello Shirone?"

"Yes, bye. Did you have a good vacation?"

"Just what... ... ."

Arin smiled shyly.

I kept my mouth shut, remembering Canis' words that I would be surprised to learn what they had accomplished during this vacation, but that I should never divulge it.

"Hey, are you together already? Aren't you nervous?"

Hearing the familiar voice, Shirone turned around.

On the southern road, Boyle (ranking 8th in the advanced class) and Pandora (ranking 9th in the advanced class) were walking side by side.

Pandora, who once gave a fart to Dante's party, but eventually got out of the way and seemed to hang out with Boyle again. Of course, we quarrel every time we meet, but it seems that we cannot ignore the affection we have had together since childhood.

'Boyle of Summoning Magic, Pandora of Fragrance Magic.'

Boyle had a history of losing to Dante, but his summoning magic was not at a level to be ignored.

Also, it would be quite difficult to tactically deal with Pandora's scent magic.

"Shirone, here you come."

Nade pointed the way west.

Dante (ranked first in the advanced class) was at the head, followed by Closer and Sabina.

Seeing Dante roll up the sleeves of his conquest and secure them with pins, Shirone burst out laughing.

I felt it at the old castle site, but the desire to stand out seemed to be innate.

But for today, I couldn't help but pay more attention to Closer and Sabina.

As much as I heard that he had undergone hell training under the guidance of Vice Principal Olivia during the vacation, his eyes were definitely different.

Closer, who can freely form rocks, and Sabina, who scatters dozens of blow-type sharp winds per second.

At least you have to think that you are much stronger than in the 2,000 battles.

"yes? Why are the faces like that? It's a good day. Have a little laugh."

Boyle said with a displeased look on his face as Dante raised his hand and walked away.

"What are you wearing? Don't you know that uniforms have to be worn according to the rules?"

Dante studied Boyle's style before answering. As before, his hair was oiled and parted, and the livery was ironed and sharpened.

"you... ... Anyway, isn't it a bit harsh to catch each other? If you rub it, you will bleed."

"How is this? neat and nice If you dress like that, your score may be lowered."

"How about cutting it down a bit? All I have to do is pass the graduation exam anyway."

While Dante and Boyle were bickering about fashion, Closer and Sabina also went to their respective errands.

The person Closer (ranked 4th in the advanced class overall score) was grinding his teeth the most was definitely Iruki (ranked 2nd in the overall score in the advanced class).

"It's finally here, when will we meet again? Be nervous. Maybe every day is like hell."

"I don't think there's any need to tell you if you don't know. Are you sure you want me to teach you?"

"This child... ... !"

Closer's eyes were filled with life. It was the first time in my life that a person called out to me with such a fist.

Unlike the bloody atmosphere of the two, a subtle air current flowed on the other side.

Sabina (ranked 5th in the advanced class) pondered over and over again and eventually talked to Nade (ranked 10th in the advanced class).

"hi? long time no see."

"Uh, yes."

Nade's nonchalant attitude upset Sabina. No, I don't know.

I've dated numerous men in Baska, the capital, but the level of thrill was different from that.

'You must have a broken heart. Or I'm perverted.'

In any case, he couldn't retreat like this unless he could stop Nade from staring at him.

"Conquest too... ... It suits you well."

But all that came back was Nade's bitter smile.

To him, who had no intention of becoming a wizard, being told that conquest suited him only hurt.

Pandora, who was watching the scene from afar, snorted as if accusing him.

In the past, she had flattered Sabina all over the place, but she was confident that she couldn't be inferior to her now through hard training.

'Anyway, it's clever. It's already being designed, isn't it?'

When Sabina was lynched by Ned, Pandora, who spyed on her at the scene, guessed that Nade would be the biggest variable among the 10 people here.

Although they are in 10th place so far, if they show their true colors, the rankings will fluctuate.

"It looks like everyone has gathered now, but let's start slowly. Finish quickly and take this off."

Shirone wasn't the type to step out, and Dante led everyone.

So far, the grade of first place in the overall grade of the advanced class has also played an important role in moving the competitors.

Of course, from the moment you pass through the steel gate, the advanced class's rating will lose its meaning.

Class Three students headed to the senior class building.

On the slope of the uphill road, a magnificent steel door stood firm.

Below him, he could see the 10 members of Class 2 waiting side by side.

"Hey, juniors! Doesn't it come out quickly? Get completely out of it!"

"Conquest suits you well! Where are you going to the school festival? Fuhahaha!"

Boos that stimulated Class Three erupted.

It was a long tradition, and the pressure was far greater than rumor had it. However, no one in Class Three has changed their expression.

"huh! The senior is an asshole! From the senior year onwards, everything is the same anyway!"

Boyle gritted his teeth and murmured. He was also hypnotized by himself.

He shook his shoulder, which had developed a closer, and sped up his steps.

"Yes, talk as much as you like, dropouts. I'll cook for you one by one from now on."

Most of the students widened their eyes to avoid being overwhelmed by the momentum, but Dante was just bored.

After watching the reactions of his classmates, he turned his head to the other side and looked at Shirone.

'You're not nervous at all.'

The corner of the mouth slightly raised. His eyes sparkled with passion and excitement.

How could I not be thrilled? It was the scene in my imagination that even came out in my dreams.

The wizard's life that he so wanted. The final gateway is now ten steps ahead.

My heart pounded and my consciousness became hazy as if I was flying to another world.

"come in! come in and see! Do you think you can graduate? You are just my manure!"

"Hell is here, you children! Your life is over here!"

Shirone bit his molars and clenched his fists.

Wizard. Wizard. You will become a wizard!

'Yes, I'll gladly go into hell or whatever.'

With every step he took, the steel door, the symbol of intelligence, was shaking.

=======================================
[373] Volume 16 - Senior Class Information Session (1)





A special tradition has begun for Class Two students to welcome new students to Class Three.

When Shirone crossed the steel door, the booing disappeared like a lie, and they split left and right to open the way.

Shirone walked along the road listening to the applause. Welcoming applause, but no laughter.

'These are class two.'

When 10 students in the graduating class graduate, the remaining 20 students are ranked according to their graduation exam scores. Therefore, the 10 students who welcomed them could be said to have dropped out relatively early in last year's graduation exam.

Amy was also clapping among them.

Last year, I was eliminated for the third time, so Class Two. And that's 18th in the graduating class rankings.

Shirone fixed her gaze straight ahead and examined their faces with the edge of her field of vision.

Men and women.

So far, that was all there was to feel.

Of course, some students remember their major because they watched the graduation exam last year. But now I felt like I was dealing with a complete stranger.

'If I can't break through here, I can't go to the top.'

Class 2 is the middle class of the graduating class, and becomes the boundary between the upper and lower ranks.

The average age of this year's graduating class is 20.6 years old.

Shirone is 1.6 years younger than average, but considering that there are senior classmates such as Fermi and others, it can be concluded that most of them are of the same age, and among them there are students younger than Shirone.

After passing the path made by the students of Class 2, the students of Class 3 turned around and arrived in front of the steel door. Then, they stood face to face with the students of Class Two standing in a row.

"Welcome to the senior class."

A man with a confident face stepped forward.

Shirone could tell just by hearing his voice. Before he passed through the steel door, he was the most mocking student.

He was a handsome man with a shiny look, with his blonde hair turned all-back.

However, unlike a wizard, he was wearing a blue training suit that fit his body exactly.

He was about 175 cm tall, and despite his slender figure, his body was well-balanced to the extent that he never looked weak.

He had sharp eyes, a high nose like a wolf, and the tongue exposed when he laughed was strangely red, as if soaked in blood.

"I am the No. 1 Screamer in Class Two."

The moment I heard the screamer's words, the same thought popped into the minds of the students in Class Three.

'It's 11th.'

'You're in 11th place overall.'

Although he majored in light, he was in a different field from Shirone of photon magic and Dante of information magic.

No, strictly speaking, he was a bookmaker.

A hybrid type like the Gunner, it mainly uses tactics to confuse the opponent with various light-type magics and inflict critical hits with schema's physical abilities.

Another person in the senior class who can speak schema is Amy.

However, unlike her, who had been learning for a while as a child, the screamer's schema was quite high.

The ability to enter a blind spot through the flashy movement of teleportation and end it with a fist drew students' attention in last year's graduation exam.

It is said that after graduating from magic school, he plans to go to the Colosseum and learn martial arts again.

After the screamer's turn, Pony stepped forward.

Her straight blond hair, calmly laid down, flowed from side to side along her pretty forehead like a half moon, and her characteristic expressionless expression clearly showed her intention to stuff her beautiful appearance into the scenery.

The white face, crescent-shaped eyebrows, high nose and pointed chin made one mistake it for a standing doll from a distance.

"I am Pony. rank 12. Major is Hydropower. The series is torrent."

If Screamer was long, Pony's introduction was brief.

Even so, the students of Class Three couldn't take their eyes off Pony. She is also a pretty face, but more than that, I knew that the most important thing in her introduction was missing.

'Ah, that kid is Pony.'

Alpheas Magic School's only royal family.

Although she is of maternal lineage and is far from the core power, she was a standard among the royal family, and she was a girl who could not be treated carelessly by the aristocrats.

Of course, in the senior class, the competition is fair. The reason why Pony didn't add lineage in her self-introduction was also because she knew that she didn't have to make enemies with needless pity.

Pony's eyes overflowed with the pride of royalty. It was as if he was looking at Jion, the prince of Khazra. Of course, it fell far short of Uorin's absolute gaze.

After Pony's turn, self-introduction continued.

Shirone listened attentively to each one. Then he felt the gaze of the woman standing in front of him and turned her head.

Everyone was paying attention to the current student, but only she was watching Shirone with mischievous eyes from beginning to end.

'Maya... ... Did I say?'

She had brown skin, a plump body, and a round face, but her features didn't make her look cute.

To Shirone, she was a memorable woman with a unique meaning.

The first person to fail the graduation exam last year. In addition, I heard that I was in last place in the graduation exam the year before last.

His specialty is sound magic, and his main specialty is buffs and debuffs using sound, but he didn't feel great at the time.

In a word, no talent.

Her sound magic couldn't penetrate the wizard's mind, and she was enduring with the basic magic learned in the advanced class.

The basic skills are solid, but the ambiguous position does not have enough skills to deal with geniuses. It could be said to be the boundary between the advanced class and the senior class.

When Shirone looked up, Maya smiled and raised her hand.

"hi?"

Shirone looked around. It was not manners to have a conversation while other students were introducing themselves.

But she didn't care, leaned over and spoke in a low voice.

"I know you. Ariane Shirone."

It is an ambiguous situation to answer or not to answer. Shirone struggled for a while, and eventually gave an answer in a whisper.

"Ah yes. okay."

"I saw it at a research presentation last year. That's a ghost commotion. Are you really surprised? How did you come up with that idea? It was really ingenious. I've been a huge fan ever since."

Maya still vividly remembered that day.

I was lying in bed listening to the midnight bell, and how devastated I was when a ghost came out of the ceiling.

As I ran after the students, I was at Central Park before I knew it. And then, three members of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society appeared on the roof of the building.

She was so delighted with the announcement that poked a loophole in her mind that she even had stomachaches while laughing.

"I also really enjoyed the play. Did the dress suit you well? What did you put in your chest?"

The screamer frowned and turned around.

"Hey Maya. You are introducing yourself right now."

"Oh sorry. I am so happy."

"Sheesh, anyway, I don't have a concept... ... ."

Maya sticks out her tongue at Shirone with an embarrassed expression.

I still couldn't figure out who he was. However, the gaze of her class two looking at her was not good.

She was always in last place, so there were some who did not recognize her as a senior.

The representative figure was the screamer.

Having failed to enter Class One with a difference of one rank, he was even annoyed at being in the same class as Maya.

After many twists and turns, after the self-introduction, the screamer, who was in a good mood again, said with a bright expression.

"Okay, now that you've gotten familiar with the face, shall we begin the traditional ¡®Courage of Truth' of Steel Gate?"

Pony made a bitter expression and muttered.

"What is tradition... ... . quality down."

"yes? Courage of Truth?"

As Shirone raised his eyebrows and waited for an explanation, the screamer opened his mouth with his characteristic long-winded gesture.

"I'm going to ask a question to the opponent I'm facing in Class Two. For example, who is the most handsome? It's like this. Then you just need to nominate one of us."

'Hmm, that's what I mean.'

There was nothing better to dread a freshman.

Yesi had heard of the most handsome, but no student would ask such a heartwarming question.

'That's why Amy told me to choose me unconditionally.'

The screamer looked back at the young boy and said.

"Eider, you do it first. Because I am the youngest."

"Sheesh, how old are you here?"

Eider was seventeen years old. It was also the reason Amy didn't get the title of youngest graduating senior last year.

She had big cat-like eyes and dimples on both sides when she smiled, making her look much younger than her age, and being short for a man also contributed to that feeling.

'Why is age emphasized?'

Shirone tilted her head.

What does it mean to be the youngest in a class where everyone is competing?

Even so, Eider grumbled a little, but obediently followed the screamer's words.

'It's because the title of youngest is more useful.'

If you admit that you are young, you will be bothered by trivial things, but there will definitely be an advantage beyond that.

'but. Even I get caught off guard when I see Eider.'

The person Eider asked the question was Arin. The students in Class Two watched with interest.

It is none other than Arin of the early stage. No matter what question you asked, you would get an interesting result.

Eider was engrossed in his thoughts and laughed like a mischievous person.

"Who is the ugliest person?"

"yes?"

It was an unexpected question for Arin.

He cannot properly recognize the shape of an object. Also, since rumors spread about this information while attending school, the seniors must have already known about it.

Class 2 students naturally became nervous.

It's because being ugly in her eyes could be a word that represents an inner distortion.

"The ugliest person?"

"Yes. How can a human look like that? You just have to choose someone who is ugly enough to do it."

"Hmm."

Arin stared at Eider, who was smiling bashfully.

Then, he tapped his lips and took a good look at everyone in Class Two.

Some students averted her gaze.

'Why did you ask this question? Are you looking at me?'

Arin raised his index finger. And pointed at someone on the right.

"I'll do it for you, then."

He was such a fat student that you could feel the heat just by looking at him.

Even though it was a senior event, he seemed to be addicted to food, judging by the fact that he was holding a bag of potato chips in his hand.

His eyes were thin, buried in his cheekbones, and his hair was a mess of hair that he didn't even pay attention to.

It would have been fine if she was wearing loose-fitting clothes, but it was embarrassing to see her wearing small clothes that exposed the curves of her body.

'It's Luman.'

Luhmann, 13th in the senior class.

His specialty was trap magic, and his class was crowd control.

Since he is a member of a group that cannot stand out alone, he is always at a disadvantage because of his eccentric personality even though his skills are excellent.

The screamer cracked the beat and clapped.

"Yeah, as expected, women's eyes are sharp. Even though she has menarche, her appearance is like a ghost. Oh, you never know. If her appearance is a mold, then the heart inside her must also look the same."

Some of the students burst into laughter.

Among them was Boyle of Class Three. However, there was no sincerity in his smile.

Psychological warfare had already begun, and it seemed that they had set up a strategy to be aggressive from the beginning.

Despite being made fun of, Luhmann was just chewing on potato chips. Then he pointed to Boyle and asked.

"But why are you laughing? Aren't you supposed to laugh?"

Boyle frowned exaggeratedly.

"what? Does it matter if I laugh or not?"

"It doesn't matter. but you are fat too If you laugh, isn't that self-deprecating?"

Boyle, who had been staring at Luman in bewilderment, always fired at him as his mother had told him.

"I am chubby and you are fat. Absolutely different. I'm just a pig, and you're just a pig."

Luhmann didn't chew the potato chips in his mouth for a while, then quickly moved his jaw again. That was the only reaction.

=======================================
[374] Volume 16 - Senior Class Information Session (2)





The Courage of Truth begins and the first question ends. That alone created a subtle tension among the students.

Although it is an unwritten rule for the senior class not to mention the words spoken today again, the people concerned couldn't help but feel hurt.

All of them are fighting desperately.

'It's like this. If I didn't know, I would have been in big trouble.'

Shirone looked back at Amy with a much lighter heart.

No matter what question came up, I only had to point to her, so the risk of getting caught up in a nervous war from the beginning disappeared.

Amy met Shirone's eyes and shrugged.

She also took this course in her senior year last year. To Shirone, her freshman in her senior year, she was an aid worth more than gold.

'Thank you, Amy. Thank you very much.'

Psychological pressure wrapped in the name of tradition.

Being able to avoid the psychological checks of competitors from the beginning would definitely work as an advantage in the senior year.

"Haha, good! Then shall we move on? How about you, Pony this time? Because you have to do it once anyway."

Pony asked Nade, who was standing across from her, holding on to her ice-like face.

"Well. Who was the first person you saw when you came here?"

It was such a bland question that there was no room for psychological warfare. She seemed to have no interest in the courage of truth.

The screamer looked back at her in disappointment.

"Hey, is that all? Let's have some fun."

"it's okay. This is childish."

Nade confirmed all aspects of Class Two. Any question can be searched for meaning, but as much as Pony asked lightly, he pointed to someone frankly.

"The first person I saw was that old man?"

His eyes focused on the person Nade pointed to.

He was a tall man with perfect curly hair, dark skin from long exposure to the sun, and thin cheekbones.

Shirone realized that Nade wasn't playing psychological warfare. In fact, she was the first person he noticed when he came here too.

'It's a fisho.'

Ficho was twenty-five, the oldest in his senior class, and looked thirty-five from his looks alone.

His major is Insect. As a magic that deals with insects, it was in a very unique position among various types of magic.

I knew that the Insect system was more developed in the field of science than magic.

As it is difficult to harmonize with other classes, most of the majors turn to scholars, but they are holding out at school until they are twenty-five because they can be treated much better if they acquire a wizard license.

The result, as trivial as the question, smacked his lips. Then he decided to step out himself to change the atmosphere.

Can't we blow away the opportunity to step on freshmen who have just entered their senior year?

"Then I will ask you this time."

Screamer's opponent was Dante. As it was the first place in Class 2 and Class 3, it felt like a grand battle.

"Who thinks this guy can win unconditionally? I mean, the student who thinks he's so weak that he can throw out a bowl of muk with just one finger."

Even though it was not a question to herself, Shirone naturally became nervous.

No matter who you name, your pride will be crushed. It was a question that no matter what choice was made, there was no choice but to remain.

Dante frowned and thought.

The students of Class Two watched him with sharp eyes. There were faces asking me to choose where to go.

"Hmm, is this really difficult?"

The screamer laughed, revealing his characteristic red tongue.

"You just have to be honest. No matter what choice you make, the unwritten rule is never to retaliate."

"Can't we just say all of Class Two? I guess it's all there anyway."

The atmosphere that seemed to explode with excitement subsided in an instant. Class Two's expression grew cold, and Shirone's eyes widened.

Those were the words that Dante, who was once the kingdom's best prospect, could utter.

'anyway... ... Your personality is also amazing, really.'

The screamer wasn't thrilled.

It was not that he was ignorant of Dante's intentions. It was a strategy to alleviate hostility by distributing emotions to everyone.

"Sorry, but that's not possible. You must choose only one. That is the rule of the courage of truth."

Dante carelessly pointed at the screamer.

"yes? Then what to do with you Since you are number one in Class Two, if I choose you, everyone will be below me."

'Is this bastard really crazy?'

Even the screamer couldn't help but get a fever this time.

Air servant Dante. The number one prospect who was evaluated as the best at the Royal Magic School.

Even now, he was one of the most talented people to be considered for the first rank of graduates.

However, the public's evaluation was based on the standard of the advanced class.

Beyond the steel door, it is no longer an advanced class.

No matter how good your skills are, if you stumble once, you will fall into the abyss. It was the competitive system of the advanced class.

'This is why I hate kids. When they ask me if I'm from the advanced class, I don't know how high the sky is and run wild.'

Dante's declaration of war was effective. Class Two's face, which had been smirking, finally began to become serious.

"Can I ask a question this time?"

Maya raised her hand and said.

He didn't really need anyone's permission, but the screamer nodded as if he had the right to do so.

"try."

Maya tightened her smile and looked at Shirone.

Waiting for the question, Shirone salivated. What question will you ask?

At first, I thought it was nothing, but when the situation came, I couldn't help but feel my heart beating fast.

'You only have to choose Amy. Because it's already been promised. No matter what questions come, there is no burden.'

Maya asked with her eyes shining.

"Which girl is so lovely that you want to hug and kiss her right now?"

"Well... ... uh?"

Shirone's eyes twitched.

This time, even Amy could not hide her bewilderment, as if it was unexpected.

Shirone stared at Maya's mischievous smile.

This is not a matter of choosing an answer. The question is chosen on the assumption that you already know the answer.

'What do we do? Should I just name someone else?'

I tried my best, but in the end there seemed to be no better solution than sticking to the old strategy.

"I, I... ... ."

Shirone lowered her blushing face and pointed at Amy.

Then, unable to bear the embarrassment, Amy quietly turned her head and looked at the distant mountains.

"Wow! really? Were you really dating?"

Eider made an exaggerated fuss and pressed Shirone.

In fact, rumors were circulating in the senior class that the relationship between Shirone and Amy was a fake romance.

In my senior year, I avoid dating on campus. This is because the probability that lovers join hands and pass in the final 10 is extremely small.

The screamer cheered up the atmosphere by clapping.

"Hey, but to be honest, you have great courage, don't you? Why don't you show it to me while I'm talking about it?"

Ignoring Shirone, she turned to Maya. She was just laughing as if she was having fun.

Why did Maya ask herself this question?

After this moment, you'll never have a chance to hear it, but questions like this don't pressure a freshman, and they don't particularly interest her.

The courage of truth continued, and finally, it was Luman's turn to ask Iruki a question.

Ruhman, who had eaten a bag of potato chips while waiting, said as he stuffed the last crumbs into his mouth.

"Then I will ask you a question. Who is the girl in Class Two who will never be a virgin?"

Pony's golden eyebrows slanted fiercely.

"Low quality... ... ."

This is why I didn't like the tradition of the senior class. Why should a person of royal blood be a candidate for this question?

No matter what Pony's thoughts were, Luman explained further as if he was not satisfied.

"I mean, a woman who seems like she'd just roll around with any guy."

The women's unpleasant rage seemed to flare up.

It was one of the reasons Luman couldn't get out of Class Two even though he had excellent crowd control skills.

"Hmm, that's right."

Iruki put his chin on his chin and tried to find his own reason.

Of course, there is no way to know just by appearance. However, choosing something based on intuition was also not my constitution.

Excluding Amy, there were a total of four women in Class Two: Pony, Maya, Suabi, and Dorothy.

Iruki looked at Pony's face first. As if insulted by that alone, Pony gently twisted his head.

'It's royal... ... .'

The first impression of Pony was a cold and lofty ice flower.

If you're a royal family, at least you won't hang out with common aristocrats. In terms of standard deviation, the male group had no choice but to shrink.

'First of all, is this the case with Maya?'

Maya watched with excitement to see what kind of answer would come out. She herself was also a candidate, but it seemed that she was just having fun with the current situation.

'Do you like it too openly? this is a bit... ... .'

Iruki turned his gaze to Suabi.

With her brown hair in short braids, she hadn't said a word from the start of the senior year event until now, and hadn't made eye contact with anyone.

Her personality seemed as docile as her rabbit-like appearance, and she was now trembling with fear.

'I'm too shy. Aren't you majoring in utilities?'

Utility magic was an auxiliary class that supported other wizards rather than doing something alone.

If sound magic is strong in wide-ranging buffs, utility focuses on personal enhancement and has excellent effects.

In the world of pros, it is the first class to be sought in a party, but since it is more dependent than crowd control, there were not many wizards who chose it as their major.

As she had to deal with numerous wizards, Suabi's timid personality was certainly surprising.

However, if you think about it in a different way, you could say that I chose my major because I had a weak self-esteem and a passive personality.

'You are very anxious. on the other side... ... .'

Iruki moved his gaze to Dorothy for the last time.

It was a girl with oversized glasses and vaguely open eyes.

It could be said that she was pretty, but she didn't seem to pay any attention to her appearance.

She was a 4D girl who always carried a tin doll of scrap metal to be manipulated.

Shirone also took a special interest in Dorothy.

Having heard about Jonah from Fleur, this year's Dorothy looked quite different from last year's.

'That doll was moved by an algorithm. I thought it was something like Harvest.'

Iruki finished his thoughts.

His finger extended to the right and pointed at Dorothy.

"Do it with you."

Everyone's eyes focused on her, but Dorothy didn't react. It was as if she was the only one living in another world.

Iruki shyly lowered his hand.

After a while, she returned to reality and opened her mouth.

"Why me?"

Iruki shook his head as if it was a good question.

"What I observed was resignation and resistance. If it's seriously promiscuous, you won't want to reveal it to others. By that standard, you were the best at blocking out your emotions."

Dorothy left for another world again, as if asking what to do. And only after 10 seconds he came back and opened his mouth.

"right."

The boys turned to Dorothy with surprised eyes.

You don't even have to answer from the courage of the truth. However, when he confessed with his own mouth, he was curious about what he would say next.

"I love all men."

Dorothy met Iruki's eyes for the first time.

"Iruki. I love you too."

Iruki's eyelids opened and closed quickly.

"And I love women too."

"yes?"

A question popped up from someone.

Either way, Dorothy lowered her eyes slowly as she hugged the tin doll.

"But I hate humans."

"... ... ."

The eyes that had been focused on Dorothy were scattered in different directions. It was an instinctive reaction.

'What are you saying? I'm not crazy.'

Shirone was equally embarrassed. Do you have to compete with these guys in the future?

In particular, Class One hadn't even stepped forward yet.

From the first day, I thought it would not be easy.

=======================================
[375] Volume 16 - Senior Class Information Session (3)





* * *



After The Courage of Truth ended, an elderly teacher walked from the graduating class building.

It was Collie, the head teacher of the graduating class.

"Is the event over?"

It is rare for advanced classes to see the face of a senior class teacher, but Collie was a familiar figure in Class Three.

It was because when Alfeas resigned from the principalship for six months due to the Arcane incident, he briefly served as the temporary principal during the hiatus until Olivia took over.

Although it is an official 6th grade, it was recognized for its achievements in the teaching profession for decades, so it could be said that its ability is lower than that of Shiina, Etela, and Sade, which focus on skill.

In any organization, there are people who hold executive positions at a young age, and there are also managers and department heads in later years.

None of the students were vigilant, however, as they should be considered superior to young teachers in terms of evaluating their abilities.

"nice to meet. My name is Collie, the head teacher of the senior class."

"hello!"

The students in Class Two were more energetic than in Class Three.

"From now on, we will have a briefing session for the senior class. Class Three will follow me, and Class Two will enjoy a short break. Do you understand even if I don't talk anymore?"

Class Two's face turned pale. However, this was also the authority of those who experienced it first, so he did not hesitate to make a statue to die for.

Collie led Class Three to the meeting room on the first floor of the building.

It was empty and a bit cold.

After 10 students sat around the edge of the long table, Collie went up to the podium on the other side.

"From now on, there will be no time for you to learn anything at school."

The sound of conversation disappeared at Collie's one word.

"Basic education ended in the advanced class, and the senior class only serves as a link between the school and society. The most important thing here is whether or not your skills will work in real life."

i get through

Everyone was thinking the same thing.

"You were born with different talents than normal people, and that is why you were not treated as children who needed to be taken care of at school. These words may not be humane, but if you die in class, 50% of the responsibility lies with you. If expressing it in numbers is ambiguous, let me tell you this. For your death, the school compensates but does not take responsibility."

This is what I heard at the magic school admissions meeting. However, Collie's words were much more explicit.

"And the senior year is different. 100%, you are responsible for your life. From now on, this place will not be a school, but as a cooperative institution of the Kingdom Magic Association, it will only determine whether or not you can immediately be put into the field with a sense of power."

Collie held out a card.

"What I am seeing now is the evaluation teacher certificate issued by the Graduation Examination Registrar. Starting today, all evaluations I record are codified and submitted to the association. In addition, all organizations under the World Red Line have exclusive access to this information."

An unknown chill hung over me. The things I did in the advanced class no longer remained in my memory.

"Then, from now on, I will explain the senior class schedule."

When the gold thread was pulled, the tent with the graduation grade evaluation items schematically drawn came down.

"The contents written here are the senior class schedule. It runs for a total of 30 weeks, and each week six events are evaluated in rotation."

Pandora raised her hand.

"Can I take notes?"

"Can not be done. The first day evaluation is a person-to-person battle. Thirty seniors switch opponents each week, with 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for a loss. In other words, you will compete against everyone once for 29 weeks. There is no PvP in the final week 30. This is because it can adversely affect the graduation exam."

Boyle raised his hand.

"I have a question. You said that a draw is worth one point. Can a draw come out of a match?"

"The one whose mental strength gauge reaches 0 is the loser. However, if it becomes 0 at the same time or if there is no winner within the 10-minute time limit, it will be treated as a draw, and each player will receive 1 point."

'As expected, there is a time limit.'

There were also majors in the senior class who were not specialized in combat, so it was Shirone who thought that he was optimistic about interpersonal combat.

However, if the strategy was structured defensively, there was a possibility of getting a point by holding out for 10 minutes.

"Day 2 Assessment, Mental Activity. The place is the Image Zone training ground. A geometric filter made of holograms approaches every 3 seconds. You just need to transform the spirit zone so it passes through a filter so it doesn't touch the hologram. The difficulty level increases every week, and the score is paid differentially from 5 to 0 depending on the number of successes."

'Ugh, that must be really difficult.'

Shirone also rescued hostages in Baska's Gold City by transforming the Spirit Zone. However, it was definitely a difficult task as durability was a strong point.

On the other hand, Arin was relaxed. As the mental fluidity of a spirit-type mage was unmatched, it must have been a not so difficult event.

Knowing that fact, Kanis also leaned in and whispered, 'That must get a perfect score.'

Of course, Arin nodded meekly.

"Day 3, tactical strategy. group evaluation. Six groups are organized according to rankings from 1st to 30th, and 5 members of the same group will face simulation monsters at the Icheon-beon training ground. The first group to complete the task gets 5 points, and the last group to complete the task gets 0 points."

Even with a short explanation, the students realized the seriousness of the situation.

A rule that always results in 0 points.

and joint responsibility.

If you cut them in order of ranking, you can see that the level is similar, but even within the same group, the responsibility will be covered. Conflicts between members are bound to arise.

Of course, it was natural that the probability of this was high in the group that received 0 points.

"Day 4, strengthening the main skill. 20 evaluation items are prepared according to the major. Each item is classified into 10 levels, and 1 point is obtained for each level. For reference, the 10th level of difficulty for the 'heat amount' item of the flame series is 1,000 degrees Celsius."

'Master difficulty is 1,000 degrees Celsius?'

It's not student level difficulty.

Of course, Amy reached Thousand City during vacation, but it was thanks to Hongan's ability to remove entropy.

'After all, it's a professional-level achievement.'

"Duplicate acquisition is impossible as much as strengthening the main specialty. When a certain level is reached, the score of the previous level is erased. You will register for your major at the personal interview tomorrow, so decide carefully."

'That's right... ... .'

If you pass Master Difficulty and get 10 points, you can't get any more points. However, as the score can be adjusted arbitrarily and a high score is possible even in the beginning, it was an event that will be a major variable in the competition.

"Day 5, cognition and judgment. The place is a virtual zone. Everyone must have experienced it during the entrance ceremony test."

Shirone was also tested in the Virtual Zone. He counted balls and talked about feeling cold and hot.

"But the senior year is on a different level. You will experience extreme conditions. Depending on each person's judgment, the key is how long they survive. This is also paid differentially from 5 to 0 depending on the level."

Shirone rubbed his face. The other students who confidently passed through the steel gate also had dark faces.

"Day 6 evaluation. battery implementation. This is also done in the Virtual Zone. For example, in an environment of minus 27 degrees Celsius, if the problem arises to raise the temperature to 3 degrees Celsius, you can solve it by using the 36 types of magic specified by the association."

Battery implementation was also difficult for Shirone.

Of course, I passed 80 points in all subjects in the theory test, but I couldn't say that I was competitive because other students were the same anyway.

"Here are the six evaluation items to be completed in a week. Points are earned by rotating this over 30 weeks, and the rankings are rearranged daily according to the overall score."

thud! thud! As Collie finished speaking, several students banged their foreheads on the table.

Shirone also folded her arms and lay down.

I just wanted to sleep.

'Is this the first week evaluation? Amy, how did you last a year here? No, how did you get the idea to do this again?'

Collie said with a smile.

"If you want to rest, rest. Because you are semi-pro But if this is too much for you, you won't be able to graduate."

The students' upper bodies slowly stood up. Yes, let's hear what else there is, these were the eyes.

"There is such a thing as overall evaluation. It is held on the last holiday of each four-week unit, and the items are almost the same as the graduation exam, 'person-to-person combat', 'occupying the hill', 'management operation', 'special move', 'survival', and 'tactics strategy'."

It was like a mock exam for a graduation exam.

"The overall evaluation is free to organize groups. You can team up with anyone you want. If you win the overall rating, you get 20 points. Conversely, the loser loses 20 points."

The students were agitated by the awesome score quota.

If you gain 20 points and take 20 points away from your opponent, you will eventually be able to widen the gap by 40 points.

'This... ... It's too cruel.'

Amy wasn't exaggerating when she said welcome to hell.

"Assuming a perfect score in all subjects by the 30th week, the highest score an individual can obtain is 87 points in interpersonal combat, 150 points in mental activity, 150 points in tactical strategy, 150 points in cognition and judgment, 200 points in strengthening special skills, and omniscience. Add 300 implementation points for a total of 1,037 points."

Numbers started spinning in the students' heads.

"In addition, if you win all six evaluations, you add 120 points to the conclusion that 1,157 points are perfect. According to statistics, the average score for graduation is 1,000 points."

"One thousand points... ... ."

Shirone opened his mouth blankly. It was possible to achieve 86.4 percent of the total score quota.

"Because the evaluation is conducted every day except holidays, the ranking also changes every day according to the score. In the beginning, the level of difficulty is low, so there won't be much flexibility, but as the level progresses, it's common to jump around. This is the one-year journey you will undertake."

A solemn silence hung over the meeting room.

'One thousand points? Uneasy. It's really not easy.'

It wasn't just about being good at fighting or having exceptional talent.

Everything a wizard should have is evaluated.

"Then I will tell you the most important one last."

The eyes of the students turned to Collie again.

"In two days, the graduating class schedule will begin and assessments will be conducted for 30 weeks. And you... ... ."

Collie, who had put down the baton, said with her hands behind her back.

"We reserve the right to reject all these evaluations."

The meeting room seemed to be buzzing with the sound of my heart.

"So, you mean you can give up the evaluation?"

"Yes. Strictly speaking, the score obtained in the evaluation does not affect the success or failure of the graduation exam. Even if you don't get evaluated, if you pass the test, you graduate."

Sabina asked.

"Are there any restrictions in case of refusal of evaluation?"

"There are no specific restrictions, but students who refuse evaluation are restricted from entering the training ground."

"Hmm... ... Do not spectate."

You can't see the opponent's ability with your own eyes.

However, as there were cliques in the last graduation exam, even if only one person belonged to it, it was possible to devise a strategy, so it was not a restriction.

Nade asked.

"Then what are the advantages of being evaluated?"

"You seem to be misunderstanding something. I said semi-pro. This is not homework. There are no pros and cons of not doing it. The judgment is yours."

Colli, who was on the podium, showed his face.

"On the day of the graduation exam, scouts are dispatched from red line associations around the world. If you become one of the top 5 prestigious schools, it should be considered that scouts from dozens of countries are watching."

The pupils' eyes shone intensely.

"Under red line regulations, the school is obliged to provide your profile. From a scout's point of view, it adds to the depth of judgment, but if the evaluation score is messed up, it will be poison. this is such a problem It is a choice about how each of you will lead your life, not your school."

'I see. Graduation is not everything from now on.'

Red Line operates a trade system to prevent affiliated wizards from leaving the line.

Of course, the first priority negotiation right is held by the association, but it was not a problem to pay the transfer fee and take it if negotiations broke down.

What major would you like to work in? And finally, what do you achieve in your life?

From the moment she entered her senior year, her life as a wizard had already begun.

"This concludes the presentation. There is a personal interview tomorrow, so choose your major carefully today."

=======================================
[376] Volume 16 - Senior Class Information Session (4)





Collie left the conference room and everyone stood up. The door was closed and we looked at each other, but no one said a word.

It was the beginning of the competition from the moment I realized the senior class rules.

After a while, Dante's group left first, followed by Boyle and Pandora, Arin and Canis.

Unfortunately, Shirone and the others who remained until the end did not feel the need to leave the conference room.

Shirone's legs gave out, and she collapsed on the chair.

"It's a really big deal. I never imagined it would be this hard."

"Yeah. I can't do anything other than evaluate. How are you going to lead the study group in this state?"

Shirone looked back at Nade.

"You don't have anything to do anyway?"

Iruki said.

"I said I had the right to give up the evaluation. no one is going to give up No one goes into senior year thinking they're going to get a low grade."

"But if you pay too much attention to the score, there is a risk that your skills will be exposed. Then the probability of being checked or eliminated in the graduation exam will increase."

An obvious example is Amy. Up until her final week of 30, she was ranked 5th in her graduating class, but in the exam, she was intensively checked and dropped out early.

Regardless of Fermi's collusion, the fact that he was the first candidate for graduation must have had an impact on the reason why students were easily agitated.

said Nade.

"Hmm, in the end, is it an evaluation score or a graduation test? process or result? That means you have to judge it well."

"If the scout checks the score, I want to do my best. But even so, it's meaningless if you don't pass the graduation exam."

Iruki added.

"The nerve conduction with the other students won't be a joke."

Shirone rested her chin and twisted her lips.

"I think it would be nice to be in the top 10, though. I don't want to go into the exam room with low confidence."

said Nade.

"Person-to-person combat has the lowest score, but the greatest discrimination. It is important not to lose points."

"You will have to keep an eye on the tactical strategy. If you rank low, you will be in the bottom group. Score difference of up to 5 points. It's bleak to think that it builds up over 30 weeks."

Iruki said.

"The ranking can be adjusted to some extent by strengthening the main skill. However, it is dangerous to go too far from the beginning. It's best to adjust while looking at other students' scores."

After putting together their opinions, a rough outline was drawn. It was a one-year long journey, and it was necessary to decide the course of action as carefully as possible.

"For now, let's wait until tomorrow's meeting. Let's think about it after looking at the person-to-person battle schedule and the main special skill enhancement items."





one more step (1)





The senior students received a call from Collie and went to one by one for a personal interview.

Shirone's graduating class was 23rd, so she was called up to 23rd in the rankings.

Evaluating students' personalities and academic attitudes is the main goal of the individual interviews, but the fact that the purpose is to register majors has not changed, no matter what rhetoric you put on them.

"Nice to meet you, Shirone-kun."

Collie offered a handshake. Unlike yesterday's briefing session, he showed the same benevolence as before.

But Shirone no longer acted like a child in front of him.

"Yes. I hope to go along well."

As we sat down with the table between us, Collie looked at the papers and adjusted her glasses.

"Get this first. This is the schedule for Shirone-kun's anti-personnel battle."

Shirone's hand holding the document trembled. He felt like he had obtained a confidential document that no one should know about.

The papers listed the opponents and dates for the interpersonal combat event. The first opponent was Dorothy.

'Ah, Dorothy.'

A four-dimensional girl who always carries a tin doll in her arms.

It seemed that he would not be pushed back in combat power. But he didn't have to fantasize about his enemies, as Flew advised.

Next, I looked at my friends' schedules.

Iruki, Nade, and Amy. All of them were assigned to the schedule for the second half of the year, which resumed after the vacation.

'Hmm, competing with friends is also a variable.'

Personally, I want to do my best no matter who my opponent is.

However, if the other players form a faction and share 1 point each, Shirone will have to think differently.

Collie pulled out the next document.

"Then I have to register my major from now on... ... ."

It was understandable what the circumstances were, to blur the end of his words.

In the database of the red line, there are evaluation items for unlockers, but Shirone's battery is unique.

A god particle that gives mass.

The magic realized through it is differentiated from any magic that exists in the world.

In short, it meant that there was no criterion for evaluation.

"After the senior class promotion test, the school sent an official letter to the red line. I think I need a separate evaluation form. However, this is also a bit ambiguous, so to speak, your major is like a field that only you can learn in the world."

In the Senior Class Promotion Test, Shirone was comprehensively evaluated for her unique battery, the skills that could be used with it, her achievement in the Spirit Zone, and her theoretical understanding.

"The only thing the school can confirm is the magic you used at the time. The problem is that the criteria become ambiguous because there is no basis for which direction it will develop."

"Yes. That makes perfect sense."

Even if Shirone was an evaluator, it would have been the same.

If you evaluate Ataraxia, what level is the master difficulty? What about Photon Cannon? Wide or wide?

What's more, the school doesn't even know if they developed the magic called Gwangik.

And perhaps, not all of these circumstances worked to their advantage.

"So it seems that the association has caught the strand in principle. In other words, it measures only the phenomenon created by the combination of light and mass. Please read it once and tell me what you think."

Shirone examined the evaluation sheet handed over. Twenty items about God Particles were written one after another.

There were 15 active magic questions and 5 passive magic questions. Active was mainly attack and defense, and passive was movement.

As she read the questions step by step, Shirone's expression hardened.

It didn't take long for her face to completely distort.

'Are you asking me to do this now?'

too difficult.

Of course, it seemed like it would be easy to get 3 or 4 points for each item, and there were also items that could get more than 7 points in advanced difficulty. However, level 10, the master difficulty level, was a level that was difficult to reach at the current level.

Shirone's gaze went all the way down and stopped at the note at the end of the form.



All items measure magic with God Particles applied. In addition, in the case of attack magic, it is recognized as an evaluation target from an impact of 20 or more.



20 crashes were about the average impact of the photon cannons that had been cast in actual battles so far.

In the end, it meant that even if God's particles were grafted, if the mass was reduced to an extremely small level, the evaluation standard could not be reached.

"Whoa."

Shirone is back with the first entry.

Paragraph 1 was the standard for measuring the rate of fire, and at most a difficulty of 1 point was a whopping 60 rounds per minute.

'Sixty rounds per minute with 20 crash power?'

Of course, it is possible for Shirone today. But that didn't mean it was easy.

When he fought the Ice Queen in the old ruins, he showed a rate of fire of about 120 rounds per minute.

The problem is, it's the result of trying your best.

Looking at the standard of the master difficulty, it was two hundred rounds per minute.

It meant that you had to cast attack magic 3 or more times per second and endure it for 1 minute to get 10 points.

Shirone squinted one eye and scratched his head.

Collie, who understands his feelings, clasped his hands together and waited for him to organize his thoughts.

The projectile velocity item in paragraph 2 was no different.

The master difficulty is 140 meters per second. As a rule of thumb, it was twice as fast as the current Photon Cannon.

'What is it? Why did you decide this way?'

According to Amy's evaluation sheet, even fire magic wasn't up to this level.

The caloric item is a key component of flame, so it's understandable that it is difficult, but the other items were human difficulty based on the average level of the students.

On the other hand, God Particles were too harsh. This was no different from saying not to graduate from magic school this year.

Just look at the 'illumination' of the passive item.

The master difficulty is a whopping 500,000 lumens. It was a figure that could never be reached with normal Shining Magic.

However, the Association judges that it is possible if it deals with God Particles.

With the magic of Shining Impact, the illuminance was raised to 300,000 lumens.

But if it's 500,000 lumens... ... Even if the people of the association are mistaken, they are doing it for a long time.

If it is 500,000 lumens, it is not an auxiliary type, it is just an attack magic.

It was strong enough to penetrate the eyelids and cause fatal damage to the retina if the eyes were not covered with hands.

Shirone looked at Collie and pointed at the evaluation sheet.

"Hey, this... ... ."

"Yes, it is an evaluation item to strengthen your main specialty presented by the association. Is the difficulty higher than expected?"

"It is not high. No matter how semi-professional your graduating class is, this is a bit... ... ."

Collie nodded as if she understood.

"Shirone, I think you are a very good student. But I mean... ... When it comes to your main specialty, I can't tell how much better you are than anyone else. Because there is no comparison."

Collie looked down at the copy of the evaluation sheet and continued.

"From the association's point of view, it is not particularly dangerous to set the difficulty level high. only you are embarrassed Downward, on the other hand, needs to be cautious. What if I lowered the difficulty and you pass too easily? There is room for that to be directly linked to the issue of equity in the entire magic school under the Red Line."

I understand that there are practical problems. Obviously, it's natural to be more careful about downwards rather than upwards.

"But couldn't it be the other way around? It's against fairness that I'm the only one with a high level of difficulty."

Collie's lips moved left and right.

"yes. The association is conservative. I'm conservative too. In your own words, you would be a kkondae."

"Nope. I mean to criticize... ... ."

"This is the first assumption."

When Collie stopped talking, Shirone immediately shut up as well.

"Now I will tell you the second assumption. Maybe, the evaluation you are looking at right now might be the correct standard."

"accurate... ... standard?"

"It's not about seeing how much stronger you are than others. It's about looking at the level of your major. For example, fire magic is more difficult than air magic. Air is accessible to everyone, but fire is not. Differences in affinity lead to differences in omnipotence, and omnipotence is closely related to talent. That's why the evaluation of fire magic's main skill is more difficult than atmospheric magic. It's because there are people with better talent on average. Do you think this is against equity?"

Shirone did not answer.

"Shirone, society is not so easy. Let's say there is an announcement in the association's official document that one fire mage is urgently needed. Dozens of fire mages will gather and the highest level will be selected. However, none of the dropouts say they are unfair because they are stronger than other wizards. It is such a world."

Saliva went down Shirone's throat.

"It doesn't matter that the difficulty level is higher than others. It's different from the battery you have in the first place. You have a powerful battery that others cannot imitate. So that's what the people of the association are saying. If it is possible to give mass to light, isn't it a professional to be able to do at least this much?"

"... ... ."

Collie folded her hands on the table.

"Now I have a choice. As a head teacher, I presented two assumptions about the evaluation paper. The association is conservative and only the crosses gathered, and the association's eyes are correct. Judgment is yours. If you choose the former, you can register for another department as your major, and if you are the latter, you can accept it."

=======================================
[377] Volume 16 - One more step (2)





Shirone lowered her gaze to the evaluation paper. The master difficulty of numerous items was going down one after another.

'It must have been an amateur.'

I thought I had reached the level of a pro in some areas while experiencing real battles. He's also definitely had an effect.

But that wasn't the case.

Whether the Photon Cannon is faster and more powerful than other classes, who beats whom, or who cannot imitate Ataraxia.

The association was conveying it through the evaluation paper.

If you can't do even this much, you're just an amateur who luckily got a special battery.



-You're out of balance a lot.



He seemed to hear Fleur's voice.

A senior graduate of the Royal Magic School and a certified 8th grade Joner.

Among the many 8th class wizards in the world, Flew was a wizard in a special position.

She is a person with a lot of inner feelings, but when it comes to magic, she does not spare bitter criticism with a cold standard.

I think I know now how she looked at me when we first met.

Unless she conquered all 20 items on the evaluation sheet, she was an amateur after all in her eyes.

'Senior, strangely, I miss you today.'

A smile came to his lips as he imagined Flew sweeping away his goosebumps and freaking out.

"Have you made your decision? Whatever you choose, follow your judgment."

If you change your major, the difficulty is understandable.

Since you've learned all the basic cells, you may be able to score more easily depending on how much effort you put in.

However, Shirone, who had already experienced the post-graduation world at the Magic Association, realized that there would be no point in doing so.

"I will do this. Particles of God. Please register as your major."

Collie didn't forget to ask again.

"Are you really okay? Once an evaluation is entered, it is impossible to reverse."

"yes I'm okay. Even if I don't get a high score, I won't regret it."

No regrets.

Because this is my magic, my life.

"i get it. Then don't register like that. Good luck."

"Yes. I will do my best."

Shirone bowed politely and left Collie's room.

Iruki and Nade were waiting in the hallway.

Iruki, who was ranked 22nd in the graduating class, had just finished the interview, and Nade was 30th, so he still had to wait.

Nade asked with an anxious expression.

"How about it, do you think it's worth doing?"

A bitter laugh replaced a hundred words.

Iruki, who was in good spirits, said while wielding his evaluation sheet, which was crumpled and unfolded several times.

"The master difficulty of the explosive power item is 50 kilobusters in 20 seconds. In short, it means blowing up a fruit shop every 20 seconds."

Nade didn't feel like it was someone else's business.

Since Shirone is an unlocker, it was her specialty, electric magic, that was as difficult as detonation magic.

"Guys, aren't you crazy? Do you think that would be possible at the student level?"

It was the same with Shirone.

"Maybe it is. However, if anyone passes, there is no discrimination, so there is nothing to blame."

"There is definitely a big difference between level 9 and the master difficulty. If it's 9 points, you might be able to guess it. By the way, Shirone, you're surprisingly calm, aren't you? Do you have confidence?"

Shirone shook her head.

"no. never have confidence But, it's what you have to do."

Iruki and Nade silently agreed.

It was something that had to be done according to Shirone's words.

Does it make sense that Myeong-saek was aiming to become the best mage but couldn't even master his major?

'Of course I won't.'

It was Nade who only thought inwardly.


Entering the competition system (1)





It was bright in the morning to start the official senior year schedule.

The first evaluation of Week 1 is a face-to-face battle, in which 30 students are divided into 15 groups to compete against each other.

The place was training ground 2 on the mountain behind the senior class building, where a huge 120 square meter 2,000 battle field was prepared.

The senior class gathered at the training ground by class and waited for the anti-personnel combat evaluation instructor.

Shirone stood between Nade and Iruki.

There were occasional conversations between the same class, but overall it was still an awkward atmosphere.

The evaluation teacher came up on time.

He was a teacher in his mid-fifties with gray hair and sharp eyes.

He was also famous for not saying anything except about evaluation.

"The interpersonal combat evaluation begins today. You've already done Class Two, but I'll just briefly point out for Class Three. According to the Kingdom Education Act, the synchro rate for two thousand times is set at 80%. Of course, in the graduation exam, without question, it is 100 percent."

Even if it was 80 percent, I couldn't be relieved.

Considering the superhuman ability of magic, even if it had 80% power, it was not a level that could withstand a hit.

Shirone also faced Dante with a synchro rate of 50%, but the battle was so fierce that it almost didn't feel like a simulation.

"We cannot carry any weapons. Only embodied weapons are permitted."

The students in Class Three tilted their heads, and as expected Boyle, a model student, raised his hand.

"I have a question. What is the criterion for embodying?"

"The clear criterion is whether or not it is deprived. Non-deprivable weapons are regarded as embodies. In addition, even if deprivation is possible, if there is room for damage to bodily functions, the association recognizes it as embodying."

According to the teacher, Shirone cannot use Armand.

On the other hand, Kanis is free to fight alongside Harvest. Because deprivation is impossible.

Another person that came to Shirone's mind was Richard of Fermi's gang.

Befitting the nickname Richard of Alchemy, he transformed 35% of his body with alchemy technology. Of course, it is possible to attach and detach the device, but it is classified as embodied because the body cannot function normally when detached.

If he cut off his right arm and connect it to Armand, he would be able to use Diamond Arms in the graduation exam, but Shirone never thought of that.

Some of the class three looked displeased.

It felt like a loss for someone else to alter his body, even though he knew he couldn't commit such madness himself.

Said Boyle, turning to Canis beside her.

"It's good, it passed."

It was natural for Boyle to miss it. To him, who had to use slots for summoning magic, Canis, who handled magic creatures regardless of slots, was an object of envy.

'Don't worry. People like you are enough without Harvest.'

Canis didn't even respond.

Because of the Arcane Incident, there is no student who is unaware of the existence of Harvest.

However, only Shirone and Amy knew the true nature of the magical creatures.

The more you save the secret of repentance, the better.

Unless it is a critical situation, Harvest will not have a chance to play an active role.

Of course, Canis also had no intention of completely entrusting his future to the magical creatures.

'I'll win this time, Shirone. It's a mistake to think that Harvest is the end.'

After the questions were completed, the teacher proceeded with the evaluation.

"Then, from now on, we will conduct an interpersonal battle in turn. Battle time is 10 minutes. Wait your turn while wearing the 2,000 bracelet."

Except for the evaluation team and waiting group, I was able to freely move around the training ground.

It was a different atmosphere from the advanced classes that emphasized discipline and principles.

Shirone found a seat with a good view of the training ground with his friends and sat down. Then he opened his schedule and said.

"My opponent today is Dorothy. Iruki, what about you?"

"yes? Oh, it's a guy called Binder."

Shirone turned her head to the opposite side of the training ground for 2,000 and looked at the binder in the sequence ceremony.

A member of Class 2, I saw him at the senior event, but he wasn't a particularly memorable student.

He had light brown hair, glasses, and sparse beard under his nose and chin.

As he failed to stand out in last year's graduation exam, his opponent, Iruki, also had no doubts about his victory.

"Well, should this be called a three-point reservation?"

"Still, don't be alarmed. We haven't even played a game yet. It can be different once you enter."

"I said that with that in mind. In my calculations, it is an opponent that can never come out as a variable."

Shirone was worried about Iruki's confident appearance.

As Flew said, it is foolish to imagine the outcome in advance, and battles are not won or lost by numbers alone.

'Well, I can't even imagine Iruki getting impatient.'

Anyway, for them, today's main match was neither Shirone nor Iruki.

"By the way, Nade, are you okay?"

When Shirone asked, Nade shrugged.

"Well, let's try it first."

His opponent today was none other than Fermi.

A mysterious student who failed in the graduation exam but always won first place in the final evaluation.

When I first heard about Fermi, I could only do a vague analysis, but now that I know what rankings mean in my senior class, I can't help but worry even as Shirone.

Other students were watching Fermi's attitude, as if he had the same thought.

Then, feeling her gaze, Fermi turned her head this way. And he smiled and shook his hand at his today's opponent, Nade.

"Hey bastard, are you provoking me?"

"No, I think we just said hello?"

Nade looked back at Shirone with a face that looked like he was going to eat it.

"That's a provocation! Since when did that kid pretend to know that he knew me? Keep an eye on it. Today, I'm going to expose that person's skills in detail."

While looking at the training ground where the evaluations were being held, Shirone realized that her turn was coming and got up from her seat.

"Anyway, okay. I must prepare."

As I entered the two-thousandth training ground, Dorothy approached me, dragging a tin doll.

Every time I took a step, I heard a loud clicking sound from the tin doll dragging the floor.

Dorothy came right in front of Shirone. His face was small and his glasses were large, as if he had been wearing the decorations of a masque.

The expressionless face and disheveled eyes were also a major shield that made it impossible to read emotions.

'What do we do? Should I say hello?'

The waiting process for the interpersonal battle was the same as in the advanced class 2,000 battles.

If you check the 2,000 bracelet in the center of the training ground and return to your seat, a 10-minute timer turns on and 2,000 is activated.

There is no particular need to say hello, so turning around coldly is a kind of psychological warfare.

However, it wouldn't be nice to erase humanity in the first week evaluation, when the identification of peers was still not done properly.

Above all, it didn't match Shirone's personality.

"nice to meet you. It's an important evaluation for each other, so let's fight hard."

"Would you like to draw?"

At Dorothy's sudden suggestion, Shirone immediately asked back.

"yes? what?"

"Let's make it a draw. Then I'll do anything you want."

Her face flushed before she could even analyze the meaning of her words. It may not sound like a big deal, but it's a different story when it comes to women.

"What does that mean?"

"It is literally. that you do whatever you want Anyway, you also think that revealing your skills from the beginning is a disadvantageous strategy. So let's share one point with each other."

Although she had no intention of participating in the collusion, it was important to decide whether or not the proposal was good or bad, so Shirone was lost in thought.

Her suggestion could certainly be put to good use. You will be able to create variables when it matters.

'If she really agrees to my terms.'

In case of a draw, each player gets 1 point. It was not known whether the value of the two points to be discarded when assuming victory was included in the proposal.

I want to win the first match as much as possible.

If you start well, you can face future evaluations with confidence, and realistically, you have an advantage in the ranking competition.

"No, I will decline. I want to fight fair and square. So do your best too."

Dorothy still showed no emotion. Then he nodded his head in agreement and turned around.

"Then I can't. let's work hard."

Shirone stared blankly at Dorothy's back as she returned to her seat while dragging the tin doll.

If it was psychological warfare, it would have been devastating.

It was really quite disturbing.

'Calm down. It just didn't happen. You just have to fight like you did before.'

When Shirone arrived at the waiting area, the light on the 2,000 electric signboard changed to green, yellow, and red in order, announcing the operation.

Shirone waited with her knees slightly bent so that she could switch between offense and defense quickly.

I heard a beep and a mechanical sound, and the light on the bracelet came on 2,000 times.

Dorothy was motionless, still holding the tin doll in her arms.

Shirone leaned forward as she mounted the teleportation battery and raised her omnipotence.

'Go to the attack!'

At the same time, Dorothy twisted and said,

"I lost."

The center of Shirone who hastily canceled the magic poured forward.

By the time I looked ahead, barely holding on to the fall, Dorothy was already going down the training ground.

=======================================
[378] Volume 16 - Entering the competition system (2)





Students' reactions were varied. In particular, Class Three did not even understand what had happened.

"Shirone wins. Shirone gets 3 points. Dorothy has zero points."

Despite the stern tone of the evaluation teacher, Dorothy just nodded her head in agreement and went back to her seat.

I knew that there weren't many people in my senior year who could compete with Shirone on a par with Shirone anyway. That was the conclusion Dorothy came to after seeing her 2,000 fights with Dante half a year ago.

I might be able to last for about 10 minutes if I gave my all, but it was a foolish decision to give up something bigger for just one point.

manipulative magician.

In particular, those who manipulate real objects like Dorothy lose 80% of their power when the manipulated objects are damaged.

'Because I can't spend a week repairing the doll.'

If she had to fight for 10 minutes against Shirone, who was shooting mass-filled photons relentlessly, the doll would become a lump of scrap metal.

Anyway, since there will be an interpersonal battle next week, the conclusion I made now was the best.

Shirone came down from the training ground feeling possessed. He took 3 points, but was still dumbfounded.

Iruki and Nade approached with curious expressions.

"what? What happened?"

"That, you know... ... ."

Shirone confided in Dorothy the suggestion she had made before starting.

Friends couldn't help but be absurd. No, I never thought that there was a possibility of earning points in this way.

Nade quickly skimmed through the schedule.

"When am I going to do Dorothy?"

Iruki's palm hit the back of Ned's head.

"Ouch! why do you hit I was just joking... ... ."

"I read 10 percent of my sincerity. Anyway, Dorothy is not going to use the same strategy. It must have been a conclusion based on Shirone's personality and the circumstances of her relationship with Amy."

Shirone turned to Dorothy. He was still sitting alone with an expression that could not read his thoughts.

"I had a strong feeling to use the information I got from the Courage of Truth. That's why I declined too. I guess you guessed my tendencies."

"I thought he was blind, but he is quite calculating. So will other students. The real value comes out when you go into practice."

Nade touched the back of his head and cried.

"Aren't you just a weird kid? I just don't know. You're not taking sides because you've been confessed to, are you?"

Iruki raised his eyebrows.

He was the one who heard that Dorothy loved him in The Courage of Truth. Of course, it was a light remark that was not worth worrying about, but it was also true that it was the first confession she received from a woman in her life.

"No bullshit, just know that from Class 2 onwards, it's a fairly advanced level. We should be vigilant too."

Nade didn't look suspicious.

"It seems to be taking sides... ... ."

Iruki changed the topic.

"Anyway, it's your turn next. Opponent: Fermi. Do you have any strategy in mind?"

Nade was also nervous as his turn approached.

"Well. For now, I'll just do what I normally do. If something comes out of there, gear up."

"You don't have to push yourself too hard. Because it's still only one week. Besides, Fermi is going to lead this year anyway. In short, today's victory points are not that important to you."

If Fermi became first in his senior year anyway, the relative loss would not be so great whether he won or lost.

But Nade thought differently.

He had no intention of giving a rough estimate, as he was expected to be the greatest enemy of Shirone and Iruki.

"I know. But if you draw out Fermi's skills, it will be easier for you to strategize when fighting. First of all, I'll focus on winning, and even if it's a draw, I'll at least try to figure out how strong I am."

Another confrontation was over at the Icheon-beon training ground, and the evaluation teacher called Nade and Fermi by name.

Nade raised his thumb and headed for the training ground.

First, when we arrived at the center of the training ground, Fermi walked leisurely while appreciating the surrounding scenery. It was as if an office worker was taking a walk after lunch.

Feeling that he was being ignored, Nade glared at Fermi with cold eyes.

Fermi's smile, on the other hand, was the same.

"Oh wow, your eyes are bloody. Since it's the first day, let's take it easy, junior."

Nade didn't even snort.

Regardless of whether or not the graduation exam was fixed, he had a debt to pay.

Last year, Shirone was trapped in the labyrinth's space-time and fell into a near-death state.

At that time, it was Fermi who led the student council to admit Shirone's death and go through the funeral process.

'Do you know how much I annoyed you? It's probably only now that I can relax.'

The two crossed their eyes and backed off. Fermi turned first, then Nade turned and walked away.

While shaking their limbs and warming up in their respective positions, the color of the electric signboard changed to green, yellow, and red.

As soon as the 2,000 times system was activated, Nade jumped out with electric shocks in both hands.

'I'll dig everything about you in 10 minutes!'



3 minutes after that.

"Fermi wins! Earn 3 victory points. Nade 0 points."

said Fermi, cooling his face with a hand fan.

"Whoa, that was dangerous."

Unlike the horse, there wasn't even a single drop of sweat on his face as he walked down the training ground.

Nade was kneeling like a doll with a thread cut in the center of the 2,000 training ground.

Thanks to the synchro rate of 80%, I was not shocked enough to lose consciousness, but the psychological shock seemed considerable.

Nade's eyes were blank as he looked at the ground.

After not showing any signs of moving for such a long time, Shirone and Iruki hurriedly ran.

"Hey Nade, are you okay? Get your mind right."

"I was totally blown away. Let us just take it."

Grabbing Nade's arms, the two dragged them like a sack and left the training ground 2,000 times.

As the students burst into laughter, Amy sighed and shook her head.

'Aww, those idiots... ... .'

Although he was made fun of, it wasn't that he couldn't understand Nade's feelings.

The battle between the two seemed intense at first glance, but Fermi's mental strength gauge did not drop below 90%. That means he allowed very few effective hits.

In fact, Fermi drove Nade into a groggy state with only 36 types of prescribed magic without using any special major magic.

Just as clothes get wet from drizzle, Nade wouldn't be able to pinpoint exactly what had happened to him.

Shirone worriedly shook Nade.

"Nade, calm down. Are you okay?"

Nade stood up as if he had never done that.

"Of course it is fine. Are you sure you're going to fall like this?"

Iruki asked.

"What happened? You said you'd hold out for 10 minutes unconditionally?"

Shirone could not hide his regret.

"Aren't you reacting too poorly? Try pushing a little harder. Then it would have been quite a hit."

Nade turned his head away without answering. Then I stared at Fermi's back as he walked to the other side of the training ground.

"Shirone, be careful."

"yes?"

"That guy... ... Really strong."

Shirone sighed softly.

It was a confrontation with a good chance for Nade if he pushed just a little bit more.

All I could see was that I was careless.

"Of course it is. Because I beat you."

Fire lit up in Nade's hot eyes.

"Because it's real! Do I look like I just lost?"

"okay. Anyway, let's not worry too much about the 1st loss. After all, you can't fight the same opponent twice. Forget about it quickly, too, and do it properly during the evaluation tomorrow."

Iruki understood Shirone's feelings.

Even when he saw it, it was a battle that left him wanting Nade to push a little more aggressively.

But Nade... ... It didn't.

'It's rare. How can this guy call someone strong?'

It was the first time I had heard of it in six years.

But if Nade says so, you need to be wary. It's because he has a beast's sense of smell when it comes to battle.

'I didn't feel it. After all, is it outside my cognitive realm?'

It was the only case where he could thoroughly hide his skills in front of the entire senior class.

Anyway, Shirone, who had no way to know Nade's past, was just heartbroken over her friend's defeat.

Thinking that Nade's first loss should not affect Iruki's win or loss, he quickly changed his mood.

"Iruki, don't be careless either. Binder has never stood out, but unexpected ambushes are always like that."

As always, Iruki was at his own pace.

"There is no carelessness in my dictionary. I'll finish it in three minutes."

'That's careless... ... .'

Shirone's thoughts did not reach Iruki, who had already left.

Iruki encountered Binder in the middle of the 2,000th.

True to his dislike of appearances, he made eye contact for a moment, then turned and walked away.

"Iruki, it's an honor to meet you like this."

Binder spoke to Iruki's back.

As if he wasn't just talking, his eyes were shining and the corners of his mouth were raised in a mocking way.

"glory?"

"He is the son of a Mercody albino. You are the leader of the dragon mines."

Iruki completely turned around with his hands behind his back.

"Someone like that comes to my house sometimes. But what about that?"

Binder pointed at himself.

"Do you know what my advanced class theory grade is? 100 points. It is one of the best records in the history of Alpheas Magic School. And nobody can break my record. Why? 100 points."

Iruki scratched his head.

"So what do you want to say?"

"I will go into the dragon mine. No, one day I will definitely become the head of the dragon mine."

The head of the dragon has been occupied by the Mercodyne family for 300 years.

As such, the family also pointed to Iruki as the next head of the dragon.

Binder had officially challenged the Mercodyne family, not Iruki.

"Listen, Iruki. The best intelligence in the kingdom will be me, Binder, not you."

Iruki, who was lost in thought, strode forward.

Binder, who was full of confidence, flinched and backed away when the opponent approached without warning.

"What, what? The confrontation is after 2,000 operations... ... ."

Iruki quickly reached out with both hands and tightly gripped Binder's arms.

"request."

"... ... what?"

"Please do. It's something I've heard since I was born, so I'm sick of it now. You bring down my father and become the head of the dragon mines. I'll cheer you on. go for it."

After saying that, Binder turned around and stared blankly at Iruki's back as he walked away.

Then, soon, his eyes burned with anger.

'what? Is that what you've been hearing since you were born? Are you sick of it? Do you even know how many scholars shed blood and sweat just to cross the threshold of the dragon mine?'

Binder's fist trembled.

I don't like revealing my strength from the first week, but it's a different story with Iruki. He was determined to destroy his future rival.

As soon as the light came on at the second thousandth, Binder shortened the distance by teleportation.

A battery of 100 points in the theory test made it possible to use all basic magic with near-perfect detail.

Three sets of fireball, wind cutter, and ice spear alternately crossed each other and flew in.

In response to the frantic attack, Iruki opened a distance and activated the Bomblet Barrier.

Hundreds of mini-bombs unfurled the orb's curtain. As the magic hit the bombs, a series of explosions erupted.

"huh! That has already been analyzed!"

Binder held out his index finger and fired the air gun, which is the basis of the press series.

It was a cool magic for Shirone, but its power was so weak that it could not be compared to Gaold's.

However, the hit rate was quite good.

As the magic flew through the dense arrangement of the Bomblet Barrier, Iruki flew up in an instant.

After transforming into fly magic and staying in the air, Binder held out his hands with his eyes shining.

"I knew it!"

Glowing spheres of fire coalesced between the palms.

'Did you think only the battery would be perfect? Even if you look at people funny, there's a level!'

The flames of the Flame Strike burned in Binder's hand.

It is difficult to use unless you are a flame major, but Binder's perfect batteries easily surpassed beginner fusion magic.

"This is it!"

Convinced, the binder cast desperate magic while taking a magical action of stretching out his hand.

"yes?"

However, the fireball that was supposed to shoot out like a shot went out in front of his eyes.

'no way... ... Cancellation?'

Goosebumps down the nape of the neck.

=======================================
[379] Volume 16 - Entering the competition system (3)





Iruki landed on the training ground. Then he walked over to Binder with a grin on his face.

"Kuk!"

Even seeing the backing binder, Iruki didn't feel impatient. It was all over for him.

"Certainly the batteries are clean. It was like reading a textbook."

Cancellation analyzes changes in the opponent's spirit zone and returns all vector quantities in reverse order.

The effect of resetting omnipotence was enormous, but the humiliation felt by the opponent was also a magic that could not be ignored.

"Do not be ridiculous! My batteries are perfect!"

Binder cast the spell again as if he couldn't lose. But now, before he could even try, his omnipotence was being initialized.

"Know. not perfect Perfect."

Binder's upper lip curled up like a gorilla. Then he suddenly lowered his gaze with a bewildered expression.

A detonation reaction was taking place below.

'Oops!'

"It's fine. It's only 10 kilobusters."

An explosion occurred at the same time as Iruki turned around.

In the two thousand times system, the binder did not fly because there was no 'jungle' judgment in the person-to-person battle. However, the mental strength gauge was pushed all the way to 0.

He could have endured if he had cast defensive magic, but there was nothing he could do in front of the cancellation.

Iruki descended from the training ground with a V of victory.

At one point, he was booed for not being polite to a loser, but no one laughed at him in his senior year.

"From day one... ... A cancellation."

Their faces were serious. Iruki had revealed the most powerful weapon among all the magic he could use.

'Are you confident that you will never lose? Or is another magic prepared?'

When he confidently revealed his special move, his thoughts began to get complicated.

"Hmm... ... ."

Fermi watched the battle with his hands in his pockets. Then he smiled and asked his colleague.

"How many seconds?"

"Two minutes and eleven seconds."

"Two minutes and eleven seconds to put the broken glass back."

No matter how classic Binder was, it was impossible to analyze a graduating class spirit zone within 3 minutes unless it was a Servant's brain.

'If the graduation test takes a person-to-person battle, that must be quite tricky.'

Business calculations ran quickly through Fermi's head.



* * *



The door to the dorm closed with a thud.

After 11 p.m., Shirone, who returned to the lodging, collapsed onto the bed sobbing.

"Oh, that is hard. It's too hard."

The graduating class schedule was already in its fourth week.

Except for special circumstances, most evaluations ended around lunchtime, but even so, there was no time to rest.

My senior year was literally wild.

No one taught you anything, and if you wanted something, you had to learn it yourself.

After the evaluation, Shirone also continued training at the training ground all day with his friends.

Person-to-person combat was still on the rise, and cognition and judgment were also in favor of Shirone.

Even when faced with a terrifying situation, his mental endurance was unwavering, and he accurately headed for the exit of survival with judgment based on his excellent insight.

However, other students also had pro-level skills in one field.

Binder, who was aiming for dragon lightning, received a perfect score in battery implementation, and in mental activity, Arin and Joner, Dorothy, received attention.

A person with a unique major like Fisho was maintaining his ranking by smoothly acquiring points in the strengthening of his main skill.

Therefore, even though the six events have already been rotated four times, the range of change in the rankings was still insignificant.

"It's a lot harder than I thought."

Given the 30-week schedule, it's still an early race.

However, the fatigue that Shirone felt was beyond imagination.

You have to take an evaluation every day, in which your ranking will drop if you miss one point. The tension that comes out of that melts intact into the personal training in the afternoon, and when you enter the dorm, you are completely exhausted.

"I want to sleep. I want to sleep. I just want to sleep for an hour."

Contrary to what he muttered, Shirone got up from the bed.

The other students could have gone to bed by now, but he had another task.

Fulfill Gaold's conditions.

The reason for the bloody training every day was not only to raise the ranks, but also to avoid being killed by a dog in an unexpected flight to heaven.

Be strong.

and must be developed.

A magic powerful enough to destroy Heaven.

"I?"

Are you talking about yourself struggling with the senior year evaluation?

"haha!"

Shirone burst out laughing and sat down at her desk to open her notebook.

The ideas that came to my mind after thinking about them for a month were written in full.

However, none of them penetrated to the core, so they were still mere scribbles.

'Let's approach it conceptually today. It's magic that destroys heaven. What is it?'

For now, it has no choice but to be long-distance magic.

If you cast wide-area destruction magic at close range, the wizard will die in the aftermath.

'No, in some cases, you might have to think about that too...' ... .'

At the end of the note, Shirone wrote 'Possibility of death of the caster'.

'I can die. If so, will there be a slightly more diverse path?'

While pondering, Shirone clutched her head.

"Ugh, I really don't know."

The key is to use Ataraxia's amplifying power.

Only this was certain.

However, it was extremely difficult to reach the subluminal speed range of the light system with a photon cannon containing mass.

It might someday exceed the speed of sound, but even then it wasn't powerful enough to fly through the heavens.

"The squirrel wheel keeps spinning."

Syrone wrote "Ataraxia" and attached "Trigger" next to it.

Ataraxia's strength is, of course, its tremendous amplifying power, but if you think about it, it had other strengths as well.

First of all, it is especially threatening to heavenly beings.

Humans with sensitive senses are also shocked by Halo, but Maras born from the concept of angels also feel instinctive fear.

"Well, maybe we can delay it."

Shirone put parentheses on the ataraxia and wrote 'a delay of about 1-2 seconds'.

"The most important thing is that it's a trigger."

The magic that penetrated Ataraxia is controlled by Ataraxia, not the magician's spirit zone from then on.

That was the reason Shirone defined Ataraxia as siege magic.

"Amplification. delay. trigger."

These are the current 3 types of Ataraxia's sacred treasures.

"Then the magic I can use is... ... ."

Shirone wrote them down sequentially.

Offensive magic includes Photon Cannon, Homing Photon Cannon, and Laser.

As for defensive magic, it is wide range and dark ball.

Control techniques include Shining Impact, Shining Chain, and Slow, and movement techniques include teleportation, space movement, mass teleport, shot movement, and in addition, optical wing movement techniques.

"A lot. I've been working pretty hard too."

Her proud heart went dark for a moment, but her expression darkened.

No matter how diverse the magic was, none of it was capable of blowing up the whole kingdom of heaven.

No, it is impossible from the beginning.

How could he, who was not even a formal wizard, destroy Heaven?

"no! This doesn't work, that doesn't work, everything doesn't work!"

Shirone drew a large X on her notebook and slammed her face into the desk.

All I got from studying for a month was a feeling that tickled my brain.

Even if you learn a new magic, there is a limit to a single series within a year anyway.

'amplification. delay. trigger. timeshare. force. fusion. And the magic I've learned so far.'

All of this has to be grafted together to create something completely new.

It could be wrong, but on the other hand, a strange feeling that it might be the right answer was flowing along the passage of insight.

'Let's find it. let's find Let's find a way.'

Replaying the only thought left in her head, Shirone fell asleep.


Meaning of Survival (1)





A holiday that cannot be replaced with anything for seniors.

However, Shirone had to wake up rubbing his sleepy eyes from dawn.

After the evaluation of the 4th week, today was the overall evaluation day, which happens six times a year.

It was an evaluation that I had to do my best as it was a place to directly experience the regular events of the graduation exam.

The winner gets 20 points and the loser loses 20 points.

If the value of 40 points is at stake, other students who have been engaged in psychological warfare will also be inclined to give their all.

In terms of interpersonal combat, the score is equivalent to 13 consecutive victories.

It was also the same score as passing the master difficulty in four items when it was measured by strengthening the main specialty.

'The rankings may change significantly from today. No, I have no choice but to change.'

Today's overall evaluation is in the event of survival.

Because it is a rule that inevitably results in a loser, in some cases, a hot ranking rise could be expected.

Especially in terms of survival, it was a match that couldn't be missed because it was a version of the graduation test for Cirone's skills, cognition and judgment.

Students enter the huge virtual zone as a group.

And your mental strength will be evaluated on how long you can endure under extreme conditions.

Judgment is important, but mental endurance is essential.

For Shirone, if he failed to score points here, he would have no choice but to be placed at a disadvantage in the future schedule.

After meeting Nade and Iruki and leaving the building, Shirone headed to the training ground with a large virtual zone.

Many students had already gathered.

Although they are still competitors, the initial awkwardness was no longer felt.

In addition, identification of peers was also in a state of being to some extent.

While it was difficult to get along with Screamer, Pony, and Luman, he got along quite well with Maya and Eider.

There was a neutral relationship with Dorothy, Suabi, and Fishaw, and the students in Class One did not even look at Class Three.

As the senior class gathered, Collie stood the students in each class and checked their eyes one by one.

As it is a sport that is rumored to be the most dangerous and severe among all evaluations, his face also had a sense of tragedy.

"Today, the entire evaluation category is survival. Before we begin, let me explain the rules. First, divide the team. Based on the line drawn over there, the right side is the red team, and the left side is the blue team."

A line was drawn in the wide open space leading into the Virtual Zone.

"Once the team is decided, everyone enters the virtual zone. The survival program consists of stages 1 to 7, and lasts for a total of 50 minutes. At the point where the final survivor comes out, the team's victory or defeat is decided regardless of the future result. In other words, the team with the final survivor takes the overall victory, and the losing team loses 20 points."

Boyle raised his hand.

"What are the criteria for selecting the team?"

"You just have to go to the team you want to go to."

Pandora asked.

"Uh, there... ... Isn't it 15 to 15?"

"It doesn't matter. It's okay to be a team of 30 people."

The atmosphere in Class Three became chilly. There were also students who looked left and right as if this was the case.

'It's impossible to compete with a team of 30 people. What kind of rules are there?'

Of course, no one will say that we should form a team of 30 people to die together and live together even if we die.

It's because the senior year is where they are frantic to somehow stand above their opponents.

But I had to think about the meaning of the rules.

If you think about the management principle of the senior class so far, it was not just a competitive system to earn points and rise in the rankings.

It was structured so that there were advantages and disadvantages depending on what position you took in the competition and how accurately you grasped the abilities of others.

Iruki said.

"A mage's position in a real-life party is absolute. It seems that the overall evaluation is no exception."

If the wizard is shaken, the party is destroyed. It was common knowledge even third-rate travelers knew.

Just because you shoot powerful magic and have an excellent spirit zone doesn't mean you can pass the graduation exam.

How intelligently judged one's position among competitors to solidify was also an invisible evaluation criterion.

"From now on, I will decide the team. The set time is 10 minutes. Those who fail to arrive on time will be considered forfeited. Go with the team you want."

As Collie's words fell, 30 students flinched as if stunned.

Someone must have flinched first, but in the end, it was an unpleasant reaction speed that the culprit could not be found.

You need to think carefully.

A rule that allows you to earn 20 points per victory bonus even if only one member of your team survives.

Therefore, if a student was not confident in the survival event, the key was who would remain on the team that was included.

In a sense, it is a true ability to survive.

That's why people who are confident in their mental durability should move first.

Some were already thinking of taking the lead.

However, I was secretly worried about what to choose between red and blue, which had no meaning.

'What was the win rate of the blue team and the enemy team so far?'

It was a kind of jinx.

"For now, I'll choose first."

Shirone moved first.

Because he was the one who was the final survivor, he didn't have to worry about other people's choices.

When Shirone went to the red team, the crowd started to stir. Of course, Nade and Iruki were the ones who moved second.



Shirone and the others are the red team.



Once vital information was gathered, the remaining 27 brains began to spin rapidly.

"Hmm, then should I go blue?"

At the sound of Fermi's voice, everyone turned to him. As he confidently walked, Fermi and his party followed behind him.

Arriving at the center of the blue team, Fermi looked back at Shirone and smiled mischievously.

Shirone didn't laugh. I couldn't tell what thoughts were behind those thin eyes.

Finally, the moment the rest of the students had been waiting for came.

The team was divided into the formidable freshmen of Class Three and Fermi and his party, who had never missed the first place in the final evaluation.

Which side is most likely to win?

From now on, it was a matter of choice.

=======================================
[380] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (2)





"Then I'm definitely a Shirone."

Amy, who moved to the red team, gave high fives to Shirone, Iruki, and Nade in turn and settled down.

"Sheesh, I'm so eager to jump out. That's why freshmen can't do it."

The screamer didn't like the fact that Shirone was the first to quit.

Even those who have been in the senior class for two or three years are cautious about choosing a team. In the midst of this, Shirone's sudden lifting of the team's flag was a disrespect for the ranks and a display of himself.

'By the way, that guy is a little better.'

The screamer turned to Dante.

Judging from the fact that they are still thinking about it, it seems that there is something in common between No. 1 and No. 1.

There's no change in being a guy you don't like, but putting emotions first in the evaluation was a shortcut to being eliminated.

"Hey, let's join Fermi with me. I know because I did it last year. If it's Fermi, it's an unconditional victory. Of course, I won't be easy."

Bringing in Dante can isolate Syrone. Then, more team members could be recruited.

"Hmm."

Dante didn't even listen to the screamer's words.

He, who was lost in his thoughts alone, moved with his colleagues.

"let's go. I have decided."

The screamer's face contorted.

Even Dante, who was said to be the best in the kingdom in terms of talent, was joining the team with Shirone.

'What the hell? Not even kids... ... .'

When Dante, Canis, and Arin crossed the line and went to the red team, I was annoyed beyond absurd.

'What happened to your hair? Do you know what survival is? The answer would have come if I had only investigated last year's results.'

In last year's survival assessment, the ratio between the red team and the blue team was a whopping 22 to 8.

As a result, the choice of the majority was correct.

Of course, Fermi belonged to the 22, and he endured until the 5th stage to become the final survivor.

'it's annoying. To think I have to do this again.'

The screamer trembled.

The things you will experience in the Virtual Zone today are extreme situations that will not come out even in your dreams.

The difficulty level was prepared up to level 7, but there was no need to go there anyway.

I heard that there is only one person in the history of Alpheas Magic School who has passed the 7th level of survival.

Even that was just an unconfirmed fact.

"Oh no, yes. Become my score sacrifice. Let's go, Pony."

The screamer turned around and headed for the blue team. Pony, who had been staring at Shirone for a while, followed.

With more students choosing teams, Boyle made a decision after much deliberation and told Pandora.

"I'm going with the blue team. you pick quickly Unless you want to hear later that you only put a fork on it."

Pandora tilted her head.

"blue? Do you have any reason to be confident?"

"On my own. but i won't tell you Because I don't want to influence your judgment."

"It's okay, tell me. I won't be swayed."

Then Boyle looked around and whispered into Pandora's ear.

"As you know, survival is an event that evaluates self-denial. It's not about skill or anything like that, it's about patience."

"By the way?"

"I heard that there is only one person in the history of the school who has completed survival. We probably won't make it to the end either. That's why it's best to leave it to someone who specializes in this and care about the record."

"Hmm... ... ."

"You know, Fermi was the last survivor for four years in a row."

"I see what you mean. But if that's the case, Shirone isn't easy either. Because it's an unlocker. The mental intensity must be considerable. In fact, I showed good grades in cognition and judgment."

Boyle let out a sad sigh.

Why did we set the difficulty level of survival assessment so high?

This is because if it is possible for even one person to endure, the confrontation itself will not be established in the first place.

If you can pass step 7 without fail, everyone will stick to that person unless you are an idiot, and the balance of the team eventually becomes 30 to 0.

Therefore, it is the same for Syrone and Fermina to be eliminated.

If so, it follows that Fermi, who has undergone a survival test for at least four years, has a much better advantage.

The fact that students from class 2 and above are heading to the blue team without any doubt also proves Boyle's thoughts.

"Well, you decide. Anyway, I'm going to Fermi."

Boyle didn't say what he thought.

It's a value judgment anyway. They share information as they have learned together since childhood, but from the moment they try to convince them, the alliance system is bound to crack.

Pandora looked at Boyle as she entered the blue team.

She was also troubled, but as expected, it was Shirone who confirmed her ability with her own eyes.

The reason most of Class Three belonged to the red team was probably because they had similar thoughts to her.

"Ah, it's either this or that anyway."

Pandora followed Boyle to the blue team.

Even though it was a senior year without blood or tears, it was she who realized the importance of allies at the same time.

'If it's 50%, let's die together.'

By the time Pandora chose the blue team, the outlines of the team were beginning to emerge.

As expected, the students who did not get high grades in the evaluation were cautious until the end.

One of them was Maya.

She had been in the senior class for a long time, so she knew that it was advantageous to stick with Fermi.

'Um, I guess... ... .'

Maya turned to see Fermi. Then he said the screamer on the blue team raised his chin.

"Hey, are you sure you want to come here?"

Collie spoke sternly.

"Screamer, outside pressure is prohibited in team selection."

"I was just asking."

"Warning. If you get another warning, you are eliminated."

"Sheesh!"

The screamer clicked his tongue and turned his head. But this too was part of the calculation.

Maya is worth pushing away with a single warning.

So far, he has been in the same group as Maya in terms of strategy and tactics, so he has suffered severe loss of points.

If you become the same team here, the difference in points remains the same whether you win or lose, so you can't avoid being a team in strategy and tactics.

On the other hand, if the team split, and if he won, the gap of 40 points widened, so he was able to escape from the disgusting Maya.

'Please let's tear up here. You go to Class Three, and I go to Class One.'

Maya was depressed and moved to the red team.

Even if it wasn't external pressure, I didn't have the courage to become a team after seeing the hostile attitude of the screamer.

She approached Shirone.

Since he was the first to pick the red team, he thought it was the same as Shirone's team.

"Can you accept me?"

Shirone said with a bright smile.

"of course. Because it is advantageous to have more than one person. And I didn't accept it, you chose our team."

Iruki and Nade stepped back left and right and gave up their seats as if to ask them to come in.

It was a strategic decision to plant a sense of belonging in her, although she was angry at the screamer's grumpiness.

¡®Self-denial is governed by psychology. It's important that even one person last longer.'

In the end, those with strong durability would remain, but being with a teammate could be a powerful weapon in itself.

"I want to go this way too."

Dorothy entered the red team with sleepy eyes.

Then Luman followed, and the timid Suabi also moved cautiously, keeping an eye on him.

'Oh, is this surprising?'

Nade glanced sideways at the three people who had just entered.

It is highly likely that Dorothy was the motive for the judgment that Ruman, who did not like Shirone, chose the red team.

Of course, Dorothy was almost the only person Ruman was close to, but it was necessary to reconsider that Suabi, who was indecisive and indecisive, immediately joined in.

'Some in Class Two have considerable confidence in Dorothy's judgment. That means... ... Are you really a brain type like Iruki said?'

With everyone choosing a team, only Eider remained.

The trouble with being the youngest was the same in this situation.

The older brothers and older sisters who were usually close were divided into two teams, so I was worried about where to put the enemies.

'Hmm, where should I go to spread rumors that I've lined up well?'

Shirone was looking at him with a kind smile.

Eider, who felt a sense of trust as a team, also jumped there with a smile.

"Hmm! Hmm!"

Then the screamer covered his mouth and cleared his throat.

If they received one more warning, they would be eliminated, so they had no choice but to signal with a sound.

Fortunately, Eider turned his head to see if it worked.

Collie's eyes were keenly watching the crowd, so the screamer was distracted to pass the time.

'Screamer hyung... ... .'

In the senior class, the person who pampered Eider the most was the screamer.

However, he took care of him as much as he did, so he was one of those people who should never be looked down upon.

After changing his mind, Eider bowed his head to everyone on the red team, then turned and ran to the blue team.

"Teacher! sorry! I will change the team."

Collie sighed.

However, it was not possible to give a warning only with a heart attack, so the procedure was eventually concluded.

Coincidentally, the members of the red team and the blue team were exactly 50-50, 15 to 15.

'Hmm, Park Bing. It's been quite a while.'

No, it was the first time since Fermi stood out in the survival test.

'Shirone's presence is that great.'

The advanced class and the senior class are completely different worlds, but the title of the kingdom's number one prospect was as strong as ever.

The title he won after defeating the former strongest Dante must have also played a role.

"Now that the team has been decided, let's enter the Virtual Zone."

As 30 people moved in groups to the center of the virtual zone, Collie followed them and explained.

"Listen, everyone. It is a life-and-death matter."

The students of Class 3, which was their first survival test, looked especially nervous.

"Virtual Zone is not 2,000 times. It means that information is not converted into anti-magic and transmitted. The runes engraved on the floor borrow sophisticated magic engineering techniques to inject certain senses into your spirit zone as if they were real."

If the body is under the control of the mind, it is not strange that a person locked in a cold storage room at room temperature freezes to death. But this time, it was a way to hit the information directly into the spirit zone, an extremely sensitive state of mind.

"No matter how virtual it is, it can put strain on the mind. Once you enter the survival test, your brain is put into a hemisphere state by shock. Therefore, it would be impossible to consciously leave the Virtual Zone."

A dark shadow fell over Class Three's face.

"Especially from level 4 onwards, it is really dangerous, so the teachers will also check your condition through visions. However, as it is an official evaluation of the red line, you must remember that even if a dangerous situation arises, you will not be able to save it."

Collie spread her two index fingers.

"There are two ways you can get out of the Virtual Zone. First, release the Spirit Zone. Second, if you can't unlock the Spirit Zone by all means, shout 'Toako'. be sure to remember It's Toako."

Toako is a word that has no meaning, and was a randomly generated password for the survival test.

This is because using meaningful words leaves room for abuse in test situations.

"Teachers never respond to words that are not toako. Please save me, I give up, the Virtual Zone is strange, etc., it means that no matter what I say, I will not be able to save you."

All the students in the graduating class showed their spleen eyes.

"What I want to ask you to do is do your best, but don't be stubborn. This is just a rehearsal. Also, if you feel any abnormality after leaving the Virtual Zone, speak up immediately and receive mental treatment. Did you understand everything?"

"Yes!"

The students' voices echoed through the mountains of the training ground.

=======================================
[381] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (3)





Collie went down the virtual zone and the 30 students were divided into red and blue teams.

Shirone took a deep breath and relaxed.

Survival evaluation is neither a person-to-person battle against people nor a strategic tactic against monsters.

There is no way to win against Mother Nature.

The pain was inevitable, and now there were 10 seconds before the pain came.

Maybe that's why some of the students who experienced last year were already bleeding from their faces.

'Damn it. If it wasn't for this, I would have been in my senior year for 10 years.'

The number one event that seniors want to avoid the most.

It was a survival test.



-Transmits information to the Virtual Zone. 5 seconds waiting time. 4 seconds. 3 seconds... ... .



When the woman's guidance voice was heard, different groups were revealed: students closing their eyes tightly, students loosening their shoulders and necks, and students calming down with calm expressions.

Shirone also gazed straight ahead and calmed down. Then someone hit me on the arm. It was Iruki.

"I'll see you live, Shirone."



-Data transmission complete. Virtual Zone Activates the Virtual Cold Program.



Beyond Iruki's bitterly smiling face, the scenery began to shimmer.

The scenery of the virtual zone disappeared in an instant, like turning a picture book, and the top of the snowy mountain appeared.

Shirone looked around with a surprised expression.

A cold wind blew into his nose, and the snow all over the place shone with the reflection of the sunlight.

The sky is close enough to touch.

The snowy mountains that wrapped around it like a wall were revealing vivid colors as if condensed milk had been poured on the rocks.

"here... ... First stage of survival?"

The situation itself was the first since the survival program was reset every time even for students of Class 2 or higher.

Iruki looked back and raised a finger.

"It starts from there."

Shirone's eyes widened as he looked back.

A gigantic smoke that I had never seen before, and that I would never see again, was coming down slowly.

It was an avalanche.

"Damn it!"

A number of students, including Boyle and Pandora, cast teleportation and flew in the opposite direction.

But some, including Shirone, just stood there.

The avalanche's approach is much slower than expected. It is pouring from great heights. Nevertheless, the fact that it looked huge meant that an unimaginable amount of eyes were pouring in.

"It's not a situation I was made to avoid... ... ."

Woo woo woo woo!

A snowball of astronomical mass landed on the top, pushing the air outward.

A strong wind blew through the cheeks, and then a 300-meter-high snow storm swept the summit in 0.1 seconds.

"Keuuugh!"

Shirone gritted his teeth and regained his composure.

An avalanche that flowed faster than the torrent relentlessly pushed him off the top.

'no! Let's wake up!'

Swallowing the snow as it entered her mouth, Shirone pushed through the snow mass.

"Puha!"

The snowball was bigger than an iceberg, and it was falling down, out of sight of the ground.

At the top of the snowball, Shirone poked out his face.

"Puha! Pooh!"

I spit out everything in my mouth and opened my eyes, and the round sun was embedded in the clear sky.

After flying into the sky, Shirone inspected her surroundings while maintaining her fly magic.

One by one, students who made the same judgment as Shirone were jumping out of the falling snow.

"Shirone!"

When I turned my head to Iruki's voice, he buried his face and body in snow, pointing down and shouting.

"Get down slowly... ... !"

Before he could finish his words, a waterfall of snow swallowed Iruki.

Surprised Shirone's gaze turned upward. The clear sky was completely blocked by white snow.

"I'm really going crazy... ... !"

A white torrent flowed where Shirone had been.



"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa... ... ."

"it hurts... ... save people... ... ."

Collie looked at the students rolling around the virtual zone with pity.

Starting from being swept away by an avalanche, all 30 people fell into a half-water state without exception.

'How hard is it? They are precious children.'

Winning or losing is in the hands of the final winner, but for that reason, no student gave up the evaluation easily.

Individual achievements, not teams, will be disclosed to the association and scouts, so they will try to endure with all their might.

'Maybe it's a situation that I don't have to go through in my life. But the world you will live in is even harsher than that. Just because it's real, life becomes hell.'

"Looks like it's already started."

Collie hurriedly untied her back and turned around.

"principal."

Alpheas, accompanied by Vice Principal Olivia, was looking at the Virtual Zone.

"Everyone went into a semi-water state. Well, it's natural."

"Doesn't even the pros hate it? It is an event that does not even adopt epitaphs with a small number of graduates."

Survival evaluation is a subject that has been talked about a lot by associations.

It's good to evaluate real-life ability, but it's because there is room for students to break before they sprout.

Even students who did not graduate are valuable talents who will become members of society in the long run. The wizarding society cannot return without a wizard who opens a magic shop, becomes a teacher, enters the police force, carries out requests from the guild, and sees civil complaints from administrative agencies.

Therefore, the association issued a guideline to conduct survival evaluation only for the five prestigious schools that received more than 10 graduation tickets.

Survival was an event that was not left out of the alumni reunion and became the go-to for drinking as only the chosen ones took part in it.

It would be embarrassing to go back to school days and try it again, but such feelings could also be said to be the pride of a prestigious school.

Olivia asked.

"Is this the program offered by the association this year? Is the current stage 1 ¡®Snow Play'?"

"Yes. Two minutes left. It may feel like two hours to students."

Olivia's brow narrowed displeasedly.

"However, there is not a single dropout. As a result, the ability to discriminate among low-scorers is reduced. In the future, I will have to suggest a higher level of difficulty."

Alpheas shook his head with a wry smile.

Teachers' council members seemed to be impatient to give the students even better decorations.



"Aww!"

Seeing a rock crashing right in front of her eyes, Shirone fell while covering her face with her arms.

An exhilarating pain pulsated through his arm bones and his nose tingled. A chunk of his snow hit him hard over his head.

It was a point that came down considerably from the summit, so the amount of snow was not enough to crush people. Still, it was a shock enough to shake my bones.

'The arm, the arm is broken.'

Even though it was covered with an air shield, it fell so fast that it could not fully absorb the impact.

When he looked up from his face down on the rock, a sharp broken arm bone was sticking out of his skin.

It's a virtual world, so it will be reconstructed sooner or later, but the pain transmitted through the nerves was more irritating than reality.

"Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!"

The place where it fell was on a bedrock protruding from the middle of the cliff.

I'd rather have this I hoped that time would pass and the first stage would end.

jump. damn

As if mocking such an idea, cracks appeared in the rock wall and began to show signs of collapse.

Shirone grabbed his broken arm and shook his shoulders.

"Hehehe, hehehe."

I laughed because it was absurd.

'Is this a regular event? Is there anything to catch someone?'

I could imagine what the students would look like if survival was adopted in the graduation exam.

Once again, all the graduates in the world felt respected.

"Okay, let's go somewhere to the end."

Shirone raised her head with eyes filled with poison.

At the same time as the rock wall broke, his body fell to the ground.



* * *



with a plop!

'what?'

Hearing the sound of falling into the water, Shirone opened his eyes.

I felt a chill that would break my spirit. Subsequently, students were sinking, raising foam, regardless of whether they were on the front or back.

'Is this the second stage?'

The process of going from stage 1 to stage 2 definitely exists, but those who entered the half-water state could not feel it.

It was to leave no room for recovery.

'Why can't I use magic?'

I couldn't get into the spirit zone. Of course, since this world was virtual, magic wasn't actually blocked.

'Let's go up first.'

Shirone struggled like a frog and headed for the surface. It seemed that she would freeze to death if she held out any longer in the water.

The moment she reached out her hand near the surface of the water, Shirone's eyes shook in shock.

couldn't go up

What he touched was a cold, hard ice wall.

'What, then how do I get out?'

A blurry shadow was visible on the ice sheet. I went up a little further and opened my eyes to see a young boy squatting down.

'I have to go out. I'm slowly suffocating.'

He pounded the ice wall with his fist as if calling for help.

After staring at him for a while, the boy nodded as if he understood and pointed somewhere.

'there? Can I just go over there?'

Shirone poked in the direction with her index finger as confirmation.

The boy nodded again, and headed there as if to inform himself.

Shirone pushed off the ice wall and followed the boy. All the while, the cold water was choking him.

'It's a big deal. I can't stand it anymore.'

I want to arrive right now and breathe the air to my heart's content. But the boy's gait was terribly slow.

'hurry! hurry! Anymore... ... .'

The time to hold your breath at will is over. From now on, it's just that I can't drink because there's no air.

My body trembled from the cold and the fear of death.

Finally the boy stopped walking. He looked down at Shirone and pointed to a place a couple of steps away.

'Hey there!'

Shirone choked with all his might. Even though it was only three meters away, it felt so far away.

'done! finally... ... !'

Shirone held out her hand towards the exit, feeling a burst of joy.

chin.

A solid wall of ice blocked him again.

'what... ... ?'

My brain went pale. Shirone looked at the boy on the ice and demanded an explanation.

Then the boy grabbed his stomach and giggled, then pressed his face to Shirone and stuck out his tongue.

Goreok!

A handful of air rose from Shirone's mouth.

'no. Let's stay calm.'

I hurriedly suppressed the rage that burned my mind.

I hated the boy who was giving medicine with his tongue in and out in a place full of fresh air. But getting angry didn't make things better.

'Teach me again. Where is the exit?'

Shirone tapped the ice wall with eager eyes.

Even after putting the person in a hurry under his feet, the boy stroked his chin as if in agony.

Shirone's head started to heat up again.

'No, no. If you lose your cool, it's over.'

After much thought, the boy came to a conclusion. Then he turned to Shirone and shook his head as if he couldn't teach me.

'Control your anger. I am a wizard.'

The light of life went out in Shirone's pupils. As oxygen is not delivered to the head, the body organs begin to paralyze.

'Rage doesn't change anything. Until the moment I die... ... If you don't let go of reason... ... .'

gurgling!

Bubbles of air in his organs protruded out of his mouth. As much as the air escaped, cold water flowed into his stomach.

Cells seemed to freeze.

The pulse stopped, and the palms that had been touching the ice wall slowly came off.

He saw a boy smiling in his sinking eyes.

The boy stared at Shirone's face as he was being sucked into the darkness of the abyss.

Then, as if he had made up his mind, he nodded and raised his trident from an unknown source.

Aaaaaang!

The ice wall was shattered in one blow.

The sight was reflected in Shirone's dead eyes.

As the frozen nerves slowly communicated the fact to the brain, the legs shook again and the body rose little by little.

"Puhaaaaa! turn it off! Turn it off!"

Cirone, who rose to the surface, recklessly sucked in the air. There was nothing else I could think of right now.

"Huh! Huh!"

After about a minute, I finally came to my senses.

The ice sheet was peaceful, and the boy's figure had disappeared before he knew it.

"Puha! Pooh!"

Students were coming up to the surface one by one. Amy was also seen not far away.

'It passed.'

Amy took a deep breath with a look on her face as she faced death. Then, belatedly, she spotted Shirone and met her eyes.

Greeted with a smile, she blew air and let her wet hair float.

"haha!"

Shirone laughed. It's really hard to make a living.

And that was the last memory in the second stage 'Ice Prison'.

=======================================
[382] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (4)





* * *



Reading level 3.

It was a place where swampy areas spread all the way to the horizon.

At first, they all stood in the air using fly magic, but they fell into the swamp one by one after drinking poisonous gas rising from the swamp.

The reading began from then on.

The students who fell into the swamp screamed with distorted expressions so that their original faces could not be found.

I didn't know it, but it was obviously a terrible pain.

The students floating in the sky gritted their teeth and endured.

But everyone knew, that they had to go in there anyway.

The association is communicating through survival programs.

The power of Mother Nature cannot be defeated with magic. The power to survive to the end is not magic, but the wizard's will.

Students in the air started vomiting.

The students who fell into the swamp were getting hit by it, but I couldn't even think that something was already falling.

"Sigh."

I heard Nade's sigh. Slowly tilting his head, he turned to Shirone and said.

"See you later, Shirone."

Starting from Nade's fall, the students began to follow him one after another.

Shirone couldn't stand it any longer. A muffled voice escaped from his mouth.

"yes... ... . Nade."



* * *



The students who were eliminated from survival crawled out of the virtual zone one by one.

Placing ice towels on their heads, they sat away from the device and rested.

Collie, who checked the virtual zone's instrument panel, said.

"Severe cold level 3, reading has ended. There are currently 8 survivors on the red team and 7 on the blue team."

said Olivia.

"Hmm, surprisingly, a lot of people survived, didn't they? Certainly this year's graduating class is at a high level."

"Because there are outstanding kids in Class Three, and Fermi and his friends are still there. Of course, there are no clumsy kids in Class Two."

Alpheas said.

"Step 4... ... Is it 'cut off'? The weight of the match will be tilted here."

The level of difficulty presented by the Magic Association as a criterion for certified wizards was level 4.

It's because here you experience real death, not just pain.

dozens of times.



* * *



Whoa oh oh!

Listening to the sound of the wind blowing from the abyss, Shirone was in the midst of an endless fall.

If you have experienced extreme natural environments so far, the fourth stage is a mechanical space.

It was inside a huge chimney whose depth at the bottom could not be measured.

Hundreds of thousands of blades were rotating fiercely without any gap to escape, cutting the students into pieces.

Death was of an incompatible nature.

Every time a terrible and tragic emotion hit my head, the spirit zone was destroyed and the dropouts continued one after another.

Shirone bit his teeth hard.

Has it been dismembered and reconstructed about ten times? It was as if he was saying, 'Are you going to hold on like this?'

A huge blade awaits, drawing an afterimage like a tray. There is probably no way to get through it alive.

'Hold on! Hold on!'

Shirone penetrated the afterimage of the blade in an instant. However, his body had already been separated into three pieces.



What should I say about the feeling of looking at the two legs falling before the face?

There are dead people, but no one has ever died, so human language will never find an accurate expression.

Other students were in the same situation.

Stabbed by a blade protruding from the wall, she paused her fall for a moment, then shabbyly moved on to her next death when the blade fell out.

"Huh uh uh uh!"

With her body reconstituted, Shirone inhaled the air as if a fetus in her belly had just taken its first breath.

'Ugh! Rather kill, kill!'

Anyone would have thought that when they saw dozens of drills meshing like teeth waiting like a floor.

chin!

Shirone fell there.

tutter trumpet tuck!

And in an instant, the body was ground and poured down like juice.



* * *



"cadet! Damn it!"

Nade wakes up in the Virtual Zone annoyed.

Iruki, Amy, and even Fermi and the others couldn't stand it and bounced off and rolled on the floor.

My head felt like it would break, and I was vomiting. It was common for them to vomit and spit out a long sigh.

"driving me crazy. Why do I always get stuck at step 4?"

Amy's expression as she wiped her lips was not good.

Maintaining the Spirit Zone even after death is impossible without a strong obsession that transcends life and death.

Seeker. religious person. killer.

Whatever it was, from now on, it was the world of those whose mental state was beyond the realm of criminals.

That's why it wasn't strange that Iruki was eliminated.

"You die when you die, what next?"

You shouldn't create something to die for in the first place. It was a stage that did not make sense to his head, which abhors uncertainty.

Jeolsa clearly met the association's expectations.

Quite a few dropouts occurred in the 4th stage, and most of them were crawling out of the virtual zone with deathly wounds.

"Oh, I'm going to die. Hey, are you okay?"

Nade approached Iruki, rubbing the back of his neck. Iruki's eyes turned to wonder as he looked back at him.

"No way, did you fall too?"

"uh. My head hurts and I am going to die."

After thinking for a moment, Iruki asked.

"Why?"

"Why? What do you mean?"

It was Iruki who thought that if it was Nade, he would pass through the jeopardy easily. But as soon as he thought about something, he agreed.

'Maybe this is a natural result?'

Nade doesn't think about things after death. Perhaps it is an intentional suppression.

Because if his mind goes beyond death, a normal human like now would be absolutely impossible.

"no. let's go anyway I am so dead that I am going to die."

Collie looked back at Alfeas and said.

"After 30 seconds, you will enter the 5th level of King of Kings. Shall we open the vision?"

"Hmm, Chungwang... ... ."

It is a world that cannot be defined by theory from now on, as it has passed the 'death scene', the standard for professional wizards.

It was necessary to open the vision and check the condition of the students, as it would cause fatal damage to the mind.

"I will open the vision."

"Yes. I will activate the master device."

When Collie manipulated the device, a large, concave, curved hologram appeared in the virtual zone.

In the graduation exam, a huge hologram appears on the ceiling from the beginning, but even with the current vision, the situation inside the program could be clearly confirmed.



- Entering the virtual cold program stage 5, Chungwang.



"Ugh! What is that!"

When the scene of King Chung appeared in the vision, the dropouts gathered in front of the Virtual Zone frowned in horror.

All sorts of nasty bugs swarmed endlessly. The sight of hundreds of millions of insects seemed to move as if the earth was moving.

The survivors were probably suffering from being buried by bugs somewhere out there.

5th level king.

It was a place of fear, loathing, and pain to the point where I thought I'd rather die.



* * *



The sight of entangled insects incites the natural fear of humans, but this time, it wasn't just watching.

They penetrated the skin, nerves, and intestines to deliver real-life sensations.

The pain of digging into every hole in the body and eating flesh didn't just end in death.

As those who could not stand it continued to appear, the place where the insects were piled up like graves began to stir up and down.

Somebody, surrounded by worms as if smeared, jumped to his feet and began to scream and struggle.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Eider, who had collapsed in the Virtual Zone, took over the screams that erupted from the virtual world.

"... ... Aaaaagh!"

Shaking his body and rolling on the floor, he struggled on his limbs and tried to crawl out somewhere.

"Ouch! Aww! Aww!"

no one helped him It's because he gets a bigger shock if he gets close to him in a state of severe shock.

Still, Eider quickly regained his stability, perhaps because his talent had passed the test.

"Huh! Huh!"

At the boundary between the virtual and the real, he looked around left and right with a terrified face, and tears welled up.

"Oh, this is really scary."

"... ... ."

How could it not be scary?

Those who were eliminated from the death toll saw Eider's appearance and thought it was fortunate that they ended up in the 4th stage.

On the other hand, the expression of the screamer was not good.

I don't know about other sports, but Eider has been getting good marks since last year in the survival evaluation, so he was brought into the blue team.

But as expected, this time too, he couldn't go beyond the 5th stage, and Shirone, the target to be most wary of, was still in the King of Kings.

'Shirone endures what Eider can't stand?'

Nade was thinking the same thing. While watching the Virtual Zone with an ice pack on his neck, he said to Iruki.

"Eider guy, but you went all the way to level 5, right? You're young and pretty, right?"

"No matter what, I am currently the youngest in my graduating class. Even if you don't know the skills, you must be sure that you have the talent."

The difficulty of King Chung did not compare with the cutoff. Starting with Eider, students began to drop out one after another.

Canis frowned and straightened her upper body, and after a while Arin slowly opened her eyes.

Unlike Eider, they calmly took care of their minds.

"Canis, are you okay?"

"so so. It's much harder than expected. After level 4, the spirit zone becomes too sensitive."

"There are too many bugs secreting toxic substances. It's hard to keep your mind still because it goes into your gut and shoots you."

'You're talking like immobility. Crazy guys.'

It was Arin's evaluation like an expert in the spirit field, but the students who were eliminated before the death of a woman were just absurd.

With worms crawling through the intestines, it was natural that he looked crazy, since he was doing toxic substances and immobility.

But that's why it's called gyeongji.

It was a sensation that could never be understood without reaching the realm of depth that could not be measured by numbers.

'Everyone is amazing.'

While the dropouts gathered in the Virtual Zone, Maya was still staying at the resting place.

Although she was the first to drop out, her recovery was the slowest, and no one paid any attention to Maya.

The harshness of competition is understandable. But it saddened her that she didn't even consider her as a competitor.

She went to Shirone's friends. They were the only people in her senior year doing her the least favors.

"Amy, are you okay? How are you feeling?"

Hearing Maya's voice, Amy turned her head.

"yes. I think we're fine. you?"

"I'm a bit more comfortable now. sorry. I was eliminated in the second stage."

Maya lowered her head as if she had no face. She felt sorry for not being able to live up to the expectations of Shirone, who accepted her as a team.

"It's fine. In fact, I was also very upset. Don't worry too much."

Amy rather comforted Maya. She knew what stage 2 pain was, so she couldn't be blamed.

"By the way... ... Will Shirone be okay? It hasn't come out yet."

Amy examined the Virtual Zone. All of them were eliminated in the 5th stage, and only the last two people were lying side by side.

It was Shirone from the red team and Fermi from the blue team.

"Anyway, the balance was maintained until the end. Whoever wins over there wins."

Maya surveyed the vision floating in the air.

It was disgusting even when I saw it from a distance, but seeing the screen in front of me made me vomit again.

'How do you survive in a place like that?'

She was too scared even with the 2nd stage Ice Jade. But someone is struggling even in such a terrible place.

'If it were me, I would have just died.'

Maya couldn't bear to see the vision. But he didn't look away until the end because you were fighting with Shiro who believed in him.

"I-over there... ... !"

Boyle pointed at the vision with a look of astonishment.

The bugs swayed, and Shirone slowly stood up.

"Three, my God... ... ."

Maya's face turned pale.

The other students were also shocked, their mouths wide open and unable to look away from the vision.

Shirone's appearance was so great that he couldn't bear to see it with his own eyes. In some parts, the flesh was completely covered and the bones were visible, and in some parts, the skin was swollen and rotting.

Maya couldn't believe that the human mind could withstand such a thing.

Shirone, who had completely relaxed her body, had her arms drooping and her head down.

The corners of Alpheas's mouth went up at the sight of the bugs not even moving even when they tore through his skin.

"It's quite. It is complete immobility."

It's not that I don't feel pain or disgust. It was a dehumanized state of maintaining concentration in any situation.

=======================================
[383] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (5)





trousers. trousers.

Hearing the sound of insects crushing and approaching, Shirone slowly raised her head.

Fermi was walking with his hands in his pockets. His distorted smile had already turned more than half of his face into a skeleton.

As he consciously chewed on the bugs in his mouth, he spat out the shell, and the students watching through his vision wrinkled their brows.

"Ugh!"

It was not something I could endure even watching it on the screen.

"Fermi isn't easy either."

Collie nodded at Olivia's words.

"Yes. Last year, I went up to level 5 and became the final survivor. But this time with Shirone, I don't think we can guarantee the outcome."

"Hmm... ... ."

Olivia's gaze was cold.

We know that Fermi made a collusion that had nothing to do with graduation. It's just that I can't accuse it because there is no evidence.

'As expected, I'm sure he's a regular eater.'

If understanding an apple as an apple is omniscience, then accepting an apple as a strawberry is the omniscience of an outsider.

Cognitive distortion to the extent of denying the facts.

If he wasn't immortal like Shirone or self-denying like Gaold, then he could only be seen as a twisted human being from the beginning.

puck!

Shirone's right eye exploded as if it were being crushed. Then the disgusting maggots swarmed out.

Fermi was chewing and spitting out worms as he gazed at them calmly.

Even so, the throat continued to tickle.

'Certainly not in a good mood.'

To be honest, I didn't expect it to last this long.

During his senior year, Shirone was the first person to follow him through to the end of Stage 5.

'I thought it was nothing... ... .'

Even during the ghost disturbance, he was just a kid. However, within a year, he was growing at a tremendous speed and came here.

'A little more... ... Shall we go?'

After stage 5, Fermido has never been seen. Since he is not obsessed with winning or losing or scoring, it is okay to stop here.

However, if the opponent was Shirone, the story was different.

It was Fermi who said that elements that interfered with business should be removed by any means.

"There will be no contest here. let's go over What awaits you next?"

After speaking, Fermi spit out the bug again.

"... ... ."

Shirone just kept silent.

The moment the state of the natural body is shaken even a little, the mind is turned upside down like the sea in a storm.

puck!

Shirone's remaining eye was also blown out. And with that as the starting point, the 5th stage Chungwang ended.



* * *



"Step 6! Enter super fever!"

Collie's voice trembled with excitement and anxiety.

It was only the second time in his long teaching career that a student had reached this point.

The depth of enlightenment has nothing to do with magic level or age. However, super fever was a dangerous stage even for practitioners.

"I-that... ... ."

Shadows of flame flickered in the eyes of the students. Shirone and Fermi were facing each other in a world made only of fire.

The collars of the two people began to burn little by little, and soon they soared with a blazing fire, burning their bodies.

"Ugh... ... !"

The students shook their heads in disgust.

The sight of the 3-meter flame completely burning people was enough to feel the heat even without entering the Virtual Zone.

If you feel pain through the nerves, fire directly stimulates the nerves, causing the threshold of pain.

What was even more terrifying was that this was a virtual world where bodies were reconstructed.

Roaring! Roaring!

The two of them were burning like candles on a candlestick. His expression didn't change, but his mind was screaming desperately.

It is not the same as transcending death. Humans are not that strong.

Pain travels through the body, and fear meshes with the mind like a cogwheel.

'It's a big deal. This is really dangerous.'

Shirone's face began to contort little by little. Even with the spirit of Geumgangtae, it was difficult to maintain composure.

What kind of life did Gaold live to be able to unleash this kind of hell?

But even that thought knew no bounds, and Chimi was swept away in terrible pain.

The students watching through the vision no longer shouted cheers.

It's painful enough to see, but what about the feelings of the people involved?

The moment I screamed for strength here, it was an instant to be driven into a psycho.

"Quack."

Fermi caught sight of Shirone shimmering through the flames. Does he dare to stand up to the end against himself?

'He's a cheeky guy.'

Stage 6 was difficult even for Fermi. If he had known it was probably this much, he would have reconsidered his judgment.

'That's why it's even more annoying.'

Now, the evaluation score was pretty good.

All that matters is money.

Here, Shirone must be put to an end so that this year's one-year business can bear fruit normally.

"It holds up pretty well. Is this sauna okay?"

Shirone didn't have the energy to answer. Rather, this place was real, so I just wanted my body to burn quickly.

But cruelly, the body was reconstructed in real time and the nerve threshold was reset every moment.

"Why don't you just give up? It's only four weeks."

Shirone's face twisted.

At present, his mental state had reached the height of irritation. He hated everything in the world and was fed up with even being alive.

An infinite amount of resentment was accumulating to the point of leaving the spirit zone just by talking to someone.

Fermi, who is in the same space, is obviously aware of this fact. That's why it's getting on your nerves.

If so, you must respond in the same way.

"you are... ... Who the hell are you?"

The students watching through the vision swallowed their saliva.

Shirone's question implied all the questions she had in her senior year.

"Well? Who is it?"

Fermi was not in a normal state. However, using his own condition as a mirror, it irritated Shirone even more.

"Why did you attack Amy? why aren't you graduating? Why is a strong person like you still in school?"

"I don't know what you are talking about. I'm just enduring well because I have a better mentality than other people."

The students made a bewildered look at the conversation between the two.

Talking about your senior year while your body is on fire. All I could think of was that both of them were crazy.

'It's coming soon.'

Fermi intuited the limits. To pretend to be calm, the inner soul was running amok.

It's something that can't be tolerated frowning on arrogance. Would customers cling to seeing the signs suffer?

'Because publicity is important in business.'

Fermi, who activated the timer in his head, moved to give Shirone one last chance.

"Whatever you think, it's not true. Of course I know I get suspicious too. By the way, isn't the guy who stands out in the senior class getting beaten first anyway? That's the natural order of competition."

Shirone glared at Fermi with burning eyes.

'I know. You're using it.'

Cover up the crime in the students' competitive psychology. It was as if a guard in a bad mood that day beat up a robber according to his feelings, but no one knows.

I didn't like it, but it was an excellent strategy.

"As a graduating class senior, I will give you one piece of advice. It's not good to splash too much. If you do, you will be eliminated at the beginning."

Shirone's nose twisted. The flames that flowed from her eyes and mouth seemed to represent anger.

"Are you threatening me?"

"It's a threat. Anyhow, that's advice. 20 points is a big score. But is that more important than one more year of my senior year?"

It was a threat.

He meant that if he didn't give up here, he would drop himself in the graduation exam, just like he had done with Amy.

I know from the words of the person who was stamped by Fermi. Even Amy of the world was eliminated at the beginning without even having time to come up with a countermeasure.

No matter what event it takes, everyone will be lynched. A year of hard work will be in vain.

Conversely, if you accept the offer by donating 20 points, Fermi will surely pass you.

Because the question of whether it is more important than doing it for one more year is the same as saying that you don't have to do it for one more year.

'Give up quickly, motherfucker. Don't interfere with business and get out of school. I'll graduate right away from you.'

Shirone clenched her fists. Heat leaked from between his clenched teeth, causing his teeth to stick together.

Poor Fermi.

'Because of a guy like you... ... .'

Now I could see how hard Amy had worked for the past year and what pain she had endured to become a wizard.

Fermi blew it. It made me burst into tears all night long.

"leaving out? Do whatever you can if you can. At least I will never lose to a human like you."

Even in the heat of hell, Fermi looked down at Shirone with eyes that had lost their vitality like a corpse for a moment.

negotiations are broken

And Shirone will never become a wizard as long as she is in school.

"Okay, then look forward to it."

With those words, Fermi turned around. it was the limit

"wait. still my words... ... ."

The moment Shirone opened her mouth, Fermi's figure disappeared. The Spirit Zone was unlocked.

Fermi's eyes opened in the virtual zone. The pain of super fever was still vivid, and he couldn't even lift a finger.

Even in the midst of that, the timer in my head was constantly checking the time accurately.

'... ... 2 seconds. 1 sec. This is the beginning.'

A guide voice was heard.



-Survival program level 7, enter the air coercion.



'It's a gift from me, Shirone.'

Having experienced step 6, Fermi guessed that even a regular eater could not survive step 7.

Also, if there was only one person in the history of Alpheas Magic School who passed, there was no way that Shirone would be safe.

'If you give up, that's it. But really... ... ?'

Collie headed for the engine unit to turn off the Virtual Zone. Even if the team won, it was possible to challenge a higher level for individual evaluation, but at least that level was not an attack.

'It's not a step made because humans can do it. It's just a lid that sets the limits of the survival test. It has to end here.'

Colli, who put her hand on the switch in the Virtual Zone, looked back at Alfeas and said as if proclaiming.

"We will shut down the Virtual Zone."

Fermi, who got up before he knew it, pointed at the vision.

"Nope. Do you think you will continue?"

"what?"

Collie's head turned as if it had been broken. Shirone, reflected in the vision, was standing in the dark, unable to see anything.

Needless to say, it was the starting point of the cowardice.

'Despicable Fermi.'

For the first time, Shirone regained her composure.

The whole process so far felt like eternity, but the past was just an event that had already disappeared.

'I will never bend to a human like you.'

Shirone did not release the Spirit Zone.

Even though he became the final winner, he felt bad because he played a lethal trick until the end.

As of today, Fermi sacrificed Shirone. It was clear that at any time, he would apply pressure with his unique agitation ability.

'Then I will press Fermi.'

That was Shirone's strategy against Fermi's.

never give up the initiative If the forces are tightly balanced between the two, agitation is impossible.

Survival level 7 is definitely a risky challenge, but it was worth trying even more.

'By the way, where is this place?'

Shirone looked around.

It is strange to say that he can see darkness, but in reality, all he could see was darkness except for himself.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

Vibration was felt. It was the trembling of the entire space, unable to even feel the direction.

"uh? uh huh?"

Shirone held out his hand in an ominous mood. Darkness came hard from all sides and began to oppress him.

'Is it stampede this time?'

Both arms bent toward the body. Even in such a state, the darkness continued to develop its pushing power.

=======================================
[384] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (6)





* * *



Tension was evident in the eyes of the students. The 7th stage, which I had never heard of even by rumors, was unfolding before my eyes.

"What is it, are you still pushing yourself? You can't possibly die from being crushed against a wall like that, right?"

"That won't be it. Then there is nothing different from me."

Collie's face changed seriously.

Cowardice is not the same as pressure. It was a terrifying stage that could put an end to his life as a wizard.

'We must follow the opinions of students who are more than official evaluators. But Shirone, you have already won. You don't have to go that far to become a wizard. Then everything is lost.'

Collie, who could not ignore the sound of her conscience, requested an unusual reconsideration even though she was an evaluation teacher.

"Principal, are we going to proceed like this? If you miss the timing, you may not be able to get out of the Virtual Zone even if you cancel it."

The students whispered at Collie's words. Is it possible that even if the device is turned off, there is no escape?

Amy asked with surprised eyes.

"You can't get out? No, even if that's the case, shouldn't you have told me in advance?"

"I didn't say I couldn't get out. She said she might not be able to get out. And information about survival programs is top secret. Our schools aren't the only ones using this program."

Currently, survival assessments are being conducted by the same program in all countries in the same time zone based on universal standard time.

Even if I knew in advance anyway, it was something I couldn't say. But to be honest, I didn't really expect to get this far.

'It's been 19 years. Watching this... ... .'

In any case, since the right given to the evaluation teacher was used, what remained was Alfeas' judgment.

"Where is the decision and not? the student will do Shouldn't you already know how to get out of the Virtual Zone?"

"That's right. But coercion... ... ."

"The dimension is different. But isn't that why there are stages? It would be murder if you caught any student and locked him up at level 7, but Shirone beat all difficulties and reached it. Then, isn't it enough to qualify for evaluation? How can you become a wizard when you can't even judge your own life?"

At first glance, the view of education is harsh, but the students who have already overcome countless dangers and reached this position silently agreed.

"Aww!"

Shirone in the vision was pushing back the darkness with all her might. But in the end, she couldn't stand it and her body was crushed flat.

Collie let out a sigh of resignation.

'Am I going to do it in the end?'

This was the beginning of the cowardice.



* * *



'what? What happened to me?'

Shirone was stuffed into a two-dimensional square. Lost in time and height, he could not lift a finger.

'What the hell are you doing here... ... .'

The square hem came up and folded like paper.

Then, the pattern of folding from left to right, top to bottom, and right to left was repeated endlessly.

It is dwindling.

It is infinitely smaller as a one-dimensional point.

It is impossible to infinitely fold real materials, but the Magic Association implemented the concept of cowardice through a virtual program.

'Ahhhhhh... ... .'

A huge shock hit his head. Even in the world of Shirone, the Spirit Zone was on the brink of collapse.

Whether you are getting smaller or the world is getting bigger.

As the scale gap widened transcendentally, pressure rose in my head and my eyes rolled up.

Each time one cycle progresses, it is reduced to 1/16. infinitely smaller More than molecules, more than atoms.

'no. I can't stand this.'

The students put on a blank expression. I couldn't figure out what kind of pain it was.

Since the focus of their vision was chasing Shirone, all they could see was folding in a certain pattern.

However, even if he realized the mechanism of cowardice, the feeling of accepting it would not have been different from now.

Until you realize it, you will never realize it. That was the colossal true intention contained in the cowardice.

"Shirone!"

Amy shouted with a pale expression. Shirone's waist was bouncing around as she collapsed in the Virtual Zone.

Collie's fists clenched tightly.

'Shirone, give up! If you give up now, you can live! Release the Spirit Zone!'

The coercive program strikes into the mind the maximum gap that can be expressed in units of space.

Humans who stay on only one planet do not even have the sensory organs to feel fear of this nature.

If you progress further here, even if you turn off the device, your mind will continue to be sucked toward the first dimension, and eventually you will become a vegetative person who cannot wake up forever.

After hitting the floor with her back, Shirone's waist curved like a bow and came up.

The fact that the body, which was fine even in the first fever, is shaken so severely means that it is in a dangerous state.

"Move! We have to save Shirone!"

As Amy ran into the Virtual Zone, Nade hurriedly grabbed her arm.

"wait! If you interfere, either you or Shirone will fail!"

"doesn't care! You can take the test again next year! If Shirone goes wrong here, he will never forgive me for the rest of his life!"

Nade looked into Amy's burning eyes. she was sincere

After a moment of shaking, he turned around.

"You're right. Let's save it together."

Then, this time, Iruki stopped the two of them.

"Don't be quick to judge. It's Shirone."

"What are you talking about! If Shirone... ... !"

"There is no change at all."

Amy immediately shut up. She then turned her head to where the vision was.

Still, only the scenes of the same pattern were repeated.

"A change? What is it?"

"The folding is slowing down. Although subtle."

Amy looked through her crimson eyes.

Clearly, progress has been slower than before. And... ... It was getting slower.

'Aww!'

Shirone was in the state of immortal function.

It was attempting to escape the ever-deepening pit of cowardice by extending its mind into the realm of infinity.

However, if you do not expand your mind faster than the speed of shrinking, you will not be able to escape the bondage of eternity.

'It's not enough. A bigger expansion... ... .'

The bonds of the mind began to loosen. If you are an ordinary Unlocker, you are already on the verge of losing your self and infiltrating everything.

But Shirone never lost herself.

mental transcendence.

When the fiction of the scale was broken and the immortal function moved out of the realm of fear, the folding phenomenon stopped in the vision.

"Stop, stop."

The students were buzzing. Then, in the reverse order of the process that had been folded up until now, the Shirone began to unfold.

"what? Why, why are you doing that?"

An even more surprising thing happened in the Virtual Zone.

The students slowly backed away. The fallen Shirone stumbled and stood up.

"How do you move? Are you in a semi-water state?"

"Look over there! vision!"

The eyes of the students turned back to the vision. Shirone in the screen was standing in the same posture as Shirone in the Virtual Zone.

With his head lowered and motionless, he raised his arms and started pushing the wall of darkness left and right.

"I-that... ... !"

Collie shuddered in disbelief.

The Shirone in reality and the Shirone in the vision showed the same movement and were perfectly synchro.

Shirone slowly raised her head and opened her eyes. At the same time, the darkness of cowardice disappeared in the vision and the scenery of reality appeared.

Same place, same people.

The two Shirones, real and virtual, were staring fiercely at the front with their arms outstretched.

"A coward... ... I woke up on my own... ... ."



-Stage 7, air coercion program ended. Disable the virtual zone virtual cold system.



When the sound of the machine went silent, Shirone slowly lowered her arm and went down the virtual zone.

The students flinched and opened the way left and right.

Even the students who normally looked down on Shirone knew instinctively that they should not touch her at this moment.

It was none other than the 7th stage of the survival assessment.

While everyone's eyes were tracking Shirone's movements, Shirone stopped in front of Fermi.

"There's something I couldn't tell you because you ran away."

Fermi's eyebrows went up.

"I will definitely become a wizard. I don't care what you do, but if you get in the way of my dreams, I'll drop everything and destroy you first."

The faces of the students hardened.

It was a declaration of war against Fermi and a message to everyone present.

don't disturb my dreams

In front of the life-and-death resolution to catch and defeat only one guy, everyone's heads became complicated.

'Damn it. Fermi alone is a headache... ... .'

Anyone in senior year knows that Fermi is in some sort of control.

The reason why they can't fight back even though they know it is because the first person to be stamped will fail the graduation exam.

Of course, even now, Fermi's influence is considerable, but with the advent of Shirone, the airflow has begun to change subtly.

'The second survival assessment master in school history.'

In other words, if the survival test was taken on the graduation exam, it was possible to pass 100 percent.

'So far, I've hit the guy Fermi took. What do we do? Aren't I the only one stepping on poop because I was instigated for nothing?'

All eyes were now on Fermi. Depending on how he turns out, we'll have to reconsider.

Fermi gave a fake eye smile. Whatever he said, it was just an excuse for a loser.

'I'll step back today.'

The students were shocked when Fermi turned away without saying a word.

It was the first time I had seen him exercise his right to remain silent, who always turned the situation in his favor.

'Damn you son of a bitch. From now on, I will consider you my number one enemy. You will regret it for the rest of your life for making me think this way.'

Fermi's face, as he receded, showed an expression of anger that no one in his senior class had ever seen.

"The final survivor, Aryan Shirone. 20 points are added to all members of the red team, and 20 points are assessed to all members of the blue team."

When Collie's declaration fell, the students returned to team versus team, not Shirone and Fermi.

"done! won! That's 20 points!"

"That's the score I got by beating Fermi! It's very cool inside! After all, my judgment is correct!"

Amy and Nade embraced each other and ran around, and Shirone also celebrated the victory by giving high fives to Iruki.

"wow... ... ."

An exclamation of admiration erupted from Maya's mouth as she watched the scene from afar.

He is a veteran of his senior year, but he was the first to go head-to-head with Fermi.

But soon, her eyes sank with loneliness.

'I hope, the strong man... ... .'

I had never even dreamed of going against Fermi. Of course, I wouldn't mind if I messed around.

To her, who was trying to solve the poverty of her tribe by becoming a magician even after getting caught, Shirone was a person living in another world.

"Shirone! It was amazing! I never thought I would pass the 7th level!"

"As expected, my prediction was correct! No matter how great Fermi is, he can't beat the Unlocker!"

Shirone, Shirone, Shirone.

Even the students, who were normally distant, praised Shirone's performance as a team today.

Shirone led the team to victory by climbing at least two more steps than the other participants. Thanks to that, 15 people got 20 points each, so treating them coldly on a day like this would have a negative impact on interpersonal relationships.

After comforting the blue team members as they left the training ground, Alfeas finally looked back at Shirone. It was a complicated feeling.

'Is this really the boy I used to know?'

The boy who came over the wall at the age of 12 and asked me to teach him magic has now become a student who has broken through fear.

I was happy with the student's growth, but on the other hand, I was concerned about the too rapid growth.

It was no coincidence that things from long ago overlapped in my head.

Looking at Shirone, Olivia said.

"Mind transcendence, or self-denial equivalent to it. Except in two cases, it is impossible to escape air terror on your own."

=======================================
[385] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (7)





Alpheas had a bitter laugh.

"The vastness of the universe may be only the size of dust to beings outside. So what do we mean in this universe? That terrifying truth is the true intention that Gong-Gyeol wants to convey. Shirone took the first step toward the truth."

The two did not speak for a long time. I knew that the sights that came to my mind were no different.

"How close was that child to the truth?"

19 years ago, for the first time in school history, a student passed the 7th stage of survival.

It was an unlocker who transcended the essence of humanity, who realized the truth of scale.

"Adrias Miro. While building the school, I hoped that at least one genius would surpass me. But the emotion I felt when I saw the maze was fear. Perhaps that child was a human who should not have been born into this world."

Alpheas was also a genius recognized by the kingdom when he was young, but Miro was different.

He is a student who is so eccentric and idealistic that even the word genius cannot express everything.

"Shortly after the survival test, there were 20 judges. I can't guarantee that it didn't affect me. Everyone wants to be a genius, but it must have been a curse to Miro."

Olivia's eyes calmed down.

"me... ... Will you be resentful?"

"It was a difficult problem. We all lived because of Miro's sacrifice. And after 19 years, Shirone is standing here."

That's why it's anxious.

History does not repeat itself just because some parts are similar, but the judgment of the 20 people was the original sin of mankind, which should not even occur forever.

"Don't leap. The 'Holy War' doesn't move just because it broke through the cowardice. At that time, Miro was already a completed scale wizard. Even if it was sent out to society as it is, it would have been at the highest level in the world."

"I guess so. But in the end, the level leads to the state."

There is no limit yet. Then there was no guarantee that the feared event would not happen.

The appearance of Shirone laughing at the compliments of her friends resembled the sunny Maze 19 years ago.

'Miro put the lives of all mankind in his bowl. Shirone, what are you going to put in that huge vessel?'

On the final holiday of Week 4, survival assessments were completed.


One-Man Team (1)





Assessment of mental activity at week 5.

Mental activity, which evaluates the change in the shape of the spirit zone, has greatly increased in difficulty since the 5th week, with the advanced technique of 'joint' applied to the four-way method.

Since it is an element that is opposite to durability, Shirone was concentrating on the ceremony differently from other days.

Of course, Shirone's thoughts are quick and reasonable.

However, it was easy to get hurt if you thought of it as an event that evaluates such a human level of disposition.

Specializing in mental activity, the mental fluidity of wizards is unmatched.

For them, belief is the absence of belief.

It was their spirit that they did not hesitate to assimilate with others, even monsters.

"Aryan Shirone. Next."

At the teacher's call, Shirone entered the Image Zone.

The evaluation standard for the spirit zone was 20 meters in diameter. As the floor became transparent, the spirit of the sphere appeared around Shirone.

A beep sounded and the first question was presented.

It was a figure-eight filter with two circles sticking up and down.

The difficulty of the 5th week was to 'joint' certain sections of the mind to create a symmetrical spirit zone.

'What is it, isn't it quite difficult?'

I thought there would be time to spare when I watched other people's evaluation, but it was a mistake in judgment when I actually experienced it.

Shirone threw a joint into the spirit zone with all her might. Meanwhile, the filter was approaching indifferently.

10 meters. 5 meters.

Every time the distance narrowed, my heart thumped.

The moment the last meter was left, the center of the spirit zone tightened strongly and the filter passed Shirone.

The green light of pass came on ahead.

'Whoa, it was really dangerous.'

The problems that followed were in the shape of a figure 8 and tilted at various angles.

Unlike the first time, Shirone managed the spirit zone leisurely and passed the filter.

Mental fluidity is poor, but he has another weapon, great insight. Once he grasped the core, he was a genius who could not be matched by anyone in terms of application.

Shirone, who passed all the heat problems, got 5 points, but her face coming down the image zone was not bright.

It was progressed until the 5th week, but there was not a single student who received 4 points yet.

The high level of students also played a role, but this is because mental activity is an item that can be learned according to training.

Since Class Two had already taken the 30th week's evaluation once, they should have mastered the level of difficulty of the 5th week.

But that fact was no consolation. This is because there are great people in Class Three.

"Next turn, Arin. Come up to the image zone."

The students who were chatting became quiet.

It was rare in society to see a demonstration of a magician equipped with a weapon called menarche as well as a mental magician.

The fire in the Image Zone dimmed, and Arin's Spirit Zone became visible with a blue glow.

Among the five patterns prepared in the 5th week, the 8-shaped filter that Shirone used appeared again this time.

However, Arin did not take any action.

Even when the filter came up to only 5 meters in front of me, I just stared at it.

"What, why are you like that?"

The moment the filter came right in front of her nose, Arin's spirit zone oscillated like water and her center tightened in an instant.

"wow... ... ."

Exclamations came from Class One. Even Shirone, who was well aware of Arin's skills, opened his mouth.

'Nonsense. How can the human mind change like that?'

To Arin, the world is only filled with feelings.

The turbid desires spewed out by all kinds of human groups.

If the essence of thought was not as free as water, he would have already gone mad, buried in anger, sexual desire, and hostility toward himself.

That's why Arcane also evaluated Arin as the best talent in the spirit world.

After the demonstration, which was close to a stunt, the number of filter volume ratio of 99.9% appeared on the instrument panel.

It meant that the form proposed by Image Zone was molded without any errors.

'It's not easy after all, graduating class.'

Thus, the evaluation of all students was completed.

As expected, until the 5th week, the discrimination power was not great, so almost everyone scored 5 points, and only Eider got two questions wrong.

The first 4-pointer in mental activity this year. Shirone did not feel that disgrace was someone else's business.

'It looks like he has a similar disposition to me.'

Even at a young age, Eider showed off his strong durability, going up to the 5th level in the survival evaluation. It can be seen as a similar tendency to Shirone.

The only difference was that he lacked Shirone's insight.

'Because I'm still young. If I train for one or two more years, I don't know if I'll be able to graduate.'

Eider came down from the Image Zone sullenly. Then he looked at Shirone and smiled pitifully.

"Ew, that's very difficult."

"It was a waste. I wish I had done the joint a little quicker."

Eider sighed.

"If it was that easy, I did it right away. I'm not an absolute genius like you."

There is room for saying that he can become a moderately awesome genius, it must be the youngest's wit. And he wasn't really an ugly person either.

"What are you talking about? I am the youngest graduating student. It's proof that you're standing shoulder to shoulder with us enough. Besides, mental activity is an event in which proficiency increases with training."

"Honestly, until last year, I thought so too. However, when I saw Class 3 that was uploaded this time, those thoughts went away. Like Arin noona, they are all very talented."

Even in Shirone's opinion, the current Class Three squad was no match for any prestigious family in the kingdom.

"Besides, my major is Air. In fact, it's the most common. There are also rumors that people with no talent choose."

Attribute affinity is closely related to omnipotence. But in any case, nothing is absolute.

"it's not like that. How many strong players are there in the Air series? Sabina is also strong and... ... ."

Shirone shut his mouth.

The example of Gaold, the head of the Magic Association, was perfect to cheer up Eider, but he didn't want to leave any room for leaking secrets.

"Hey, Eider! what are you doing there Can't you come out quickly?"

The screamer shouted in the distance. I was already annoyed at losing 20 points, but even flirting with Shirone caused a tantrum.

"Ah, I will go. As you know, it is the youngest survival strategy."

"haha! Yes, go quickly."

Eider turned around and ran away. As much as he is still immature in his skills, he is trying to benefit from being good at human relationships.

In a way, he seems modest, but honestly admitting it was not something I hated.

'Work hard, Eider.'



* * *



After the evaluation, the students headed to the cafeteria.

The senior class had a flexible meal time according to their schedule, so the food was also prepared in a buffet style.

The friends sat across from and beside Shirone and continued the conversation they had been having since Nade entered.

"Then I got a cramp in my calf. I was in so much pain that I crouched down, but they said that I farted because I exerted too much force."

"Kick-kick, that must have been embarrassing. So how did it go?"

"My legs are sore, but my mouth is bursting with laughter. That's why you laughed and then cried! Fuhahaha!"

Shirone held her belly button and stamped her feet.

"I think I know what it is. Oh, in that situation, tears come to my eyes."

"Ooh, hey! Are you talking about that while eating?"

Contrary to the disgust, a smile was on Amy's lips. She was the one who found more peace of mind than last year when she joined the senior class of Shirone and the others.

"hi? If it's okay, can I join you?"

Class Two's Maya approached with a tray.

"Ah, of course."

When Nade pulled out the chair next to her, Maya bowed and sat down.

"thanks. It looks so interesting, so I thought I'd give it a listen."

Iruki said.

"You better not listen. Nade's laughing code is far from the dining table."

"Ho-ho-ho! are you okay. My stomach is pretty good too. What? What?"

Shirone stared at Maya, who naturally got along with her friends with her unique affinity.

Uncommon brown skin. Except for the fact that he was always in last place in graduation exams, he actually knew nothing.

Sensing Shirone's gaze, Maya turned her head.

"what? Why are you staring at an extramarital woman? Surely there is a lover next to her?"

"uh? No, I just... ... ."

When Shirone hesitated, Amy snorted.

"Hey, what about a lover?"

Maya playfully glanced at Amy and cut a large piece of meat into her mouth. And he drank the water that was placed next to him.

Shirone and the others stopped cutting their knives at the same time and looked at her. She didn't taste it, but seemed to force it through.

Realizing everyone's gaze, Maya hurriedly spoke.

"Oh sorry. Didn't it look a bit bad?"

Shirone shook his hand.

"No, not at all. just a bit unique If you eat water and meat together, you won't feel the taste."

Maya nodded bitterly.

"right. But I can't help it. I have to eat to maintain this body. I have a constitution that doesn't gain weight well."

Nade asked.

"Do you have any reason to gain weight?"

"of course. My major is sound magic. It's also a buff series. The higher the volume, the wider the range of effect and the higher the efficiency."

Iruki, who was eating vegetables with his front teeth, asked.

"You don't necessarily get bigger just because you gain weight, do you?"

"It could be. But in my case, it seemed to work to some extent. In fact, he has no talent. That's why I'm desperately trying to grow my body."

Realizing the reason, Shirone ignored it and said while taking a fork at the salad on the plate.

"I think you'll look pretty when you lose weight."

Then, this time, everyone paid attention to Shirone.

Seeing the shocked expressions on her friends' faces, Shirone realized her mistake and hastily apologized.

"Ah, no, of course she's pretty now, but I thought she would get prettier if she lost weight... ... . That's what it meant."

Maya, who had been staring at Shirone even more blankly, soon changed her expression and smiled happily.

"thanks. Shirone is really kind. I wish Amy."

"Heh, that's good. Sooner or later you will find out too. What a bursting personality."

Maya smiled and cut the meat again.

"Whoops, is it? I'm good... ... ."

Between Maya and Amy's carrots and sticks, the three boys just buried their faces in the tray.

=======================================
[386] One Man Team (2)





The graduating class schedule was already in its sixth week.

The competition intensified from moment to moment, and ranking changes in each section were not boring.

However, no students have changed classes yet.

Teachers clapped their tongues, saying that this was the first time in five years. The problem was that the rankings of Class 2, which had a lot of liquidity, were frozen.

Class One stamped out Class Two, and Class Three desperately pursued Class Two.

In other words, it also meant that the level of the entire graduating class was higher than in any other year.

One reason was that there was an unusual situation where as many as 15 people scored 20 points in the survival evaluation, but most of them were class three students, so there was little change.

Today is the day when the fierce ranking competition shines.

A strategy-tactics evaluation in which groups were organized according to ranking was awaiting senior students.

"Well, then I will be in the fifth group."

Shirone noticed without even looking at the table. The ranks of all 30 people were already recorded in my head.

Group 5 is from 21st to 25th. Of course, 21st place will be the group leader, and Shirone will be included in group 5 with 23rd place.

Since 21st place Dante and 22nd place Iruki always got the same points as Shirone, the ranking was the same as in the first week.

The 24th and 25th places were Kanis and Closer, and it was a squad that could get a high score if you look only at the members.

On the other hand, there was also Joe who was crying because of the ranking trouble.

A typical example was section 4.

As a group belonging to the lower ranks of Class 2, Jo Won was in order of Screamer, Amy, Suabi, Maya, and Eider in order.

Most of it was successful in maintaining the status quo, but Screamer had plummeted from 11th to 16th in just six weeks.

'I'm annoyed, I'm going crazy. When will I be able to get out of this abyss?'

The event in which a bookmaker, a screamer, can easily score points is, of course, a person-to-person battle.

However, this year, the matchup was not good, so the problem was that the talented players of Class 1 were crowded in the early stages.

This is because some students' draw strategy worked and they ended up with 1 point out of 3 points on two occasions.

Of course, the root cause of the collapse to this extent was the 20 points lost to the red team in the survival evaluation.

"Hey, everyone gather around. Let's start by deciding on a position."

When the screamer beckoned, four groups of people gathered. A sigh escaped the screamer watching them.

'The balance is really messed up.'

There is something called 'party contribution' as an indicator that scouts use.

By determining the contribution of the members, in a party of 5, the total score is 5, and points are distributed according to the contribution.

It is not possible to fully evaluate an individual's ability because it is looking at party organization ability, but there is nothing like this to determine who is responsible.

If your contribution is 1 point, you have done your part. If it's 2 points, it means that they did their share.

In that case, scouts will pay attention, but it means that someone is not even able to serve one person, so it can be seen that the balance is bad.

The ideal ratio within a party is 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, where everyone fulfills their role properly, but the current Screamer group couldn't even dream of such a golden balance.

The cause was Maya.

In his opinion, Maya's contribution to the party in the 4th group was 0.5 at best.

In the end, it meant that the remaining four players had to get 0.5 points more to gain competitiveness.

'If Maya is set to 0.5, Eider is 0.8, Suabi is 1.1, and Amy is 1.2, then I... ... 1.4? You're crazy.'

0.4 points in party contribution was a staggering figure.

This meant that the combat power of a 5-person party had to be increased by 8% alone.

'Hmm, is it possible? Because there are two of them.'

Even though Suabi and Maya had different majors, their majors were utilities.

Normally I wouldn't include two utils in a party of 5, but if you have a screamer, that's a different story.

This is because if you give a buff to a magician who has physical abilities as well as magic, his performance will be much higher than that of other magicians.

'I'm glad I have Amy. I stir it and Amy pours it. In the end, I have no choice but to drag her by the collar.'

After organizing his thoughts, the screamer cheered up by clapping inappropriately. Anyway, since he was the leader of Team 4, it was necessary to unite the team.

"now. I'm going to decide my position from now on, so listen carefully. If we strategize well, we can achieve high scores."

The screamer pointed at himself first.

"First of all, I am the main dealer. And that's it. Do you know what I mean?"

"The bookmaker's deadly strategy?"

Screamer nodded at Amy's words.

"Exactly. So, Suabi always buffs me. Haste, concentrate, healing, etc. Don't spare it and pour it all out. Even if it's 6 weeks, there won't be such a strong guy. Let's make it clear in the beginning. okay?"

"Ah Okay. I will work hard."

Suabi replied in a dying voice. I couldn't find any fighting, but the screamer turned off my nerves.

Even if it was a decision disorder and a bad interpersonal relationship, he was a genius with a perfect score in utility that linked over twenty types of buff magic, so he would do it for one person on his own.

"Amy is the assistant dealer. Well, if it were you, you wouldn't have to give any instructions. And Maya... ... What magic can you do? I think it would be better to go to the wide-area buff."

The advantage of sound magic was that it had an effect over a wide radius.

"uh? The one I am most confident of is Arya on the battlefield. Amplify your mana through resonance."

"Hmm... ... ."

Aria on the battlefield is a magic that has a considerable effect even in actual combat.

However, if the caster was Maya, the story was different. Her buff effectiveness is far below average.

Screamer made a slight variation on the bookmaker's deadly strategy.

"Then let's go to the debuff. Is there anything I can bet on my enemies?"

"A rhapsody of oscillations. It amplifies anxiety."

"Okay, just go with it. Because betting on hundreds is more effective than betting on five."

"yes. I'll do my best."

Maya made up her mind and nodded deeply.

"Brother, what am I doing?"

Eider asked as he supported his head.

I didn't feel the same tension as Maya, probably because I was less burdened with graduation because I was younger.

"Multiplayer. I'm going to go out boldly, so you confirm and kill me. definitely get rid of it It's not uncommon for the board to turn over because you couldn't kill one."

"OK. That's about it."

"ruler! Let's do it right! Let's show them."

Amy, who knew the personality of a screamer, was on the verge of getting goosebumps at the unsuitable fighting.

'It looks like he wants to get out of here.'

Still, it was questionable whether the bookie's killer strategy would work.

In the past, even gangsters were famous for their trembling fists, so the possibility that he thought he would solve it alone could not be ruled out.

'Well, because I'm currently ranked low. Let's go like this for now.'

Even the members of the group could present their opinions, but it was effective only when they looked at the leader's tendencies.

On the other hand, Team 5 of Shirone was also waiting for evaluation, but unlike Team 4, no special operation came.

Dante hangs out with Closer, Shirone hangs out with Iruki, and only Canis enjoys solitude in a remote place.

Of course, I wasn't alone in the mental channel.

- Quite boring. That's where the school is.

It was Harvest who cut off communication with the outside world for a long six months and finished deciphering the 'Book of Light and Darkness'.

However, as the battle for notice in the senior class was so fierce, they hadn't even revealed themselves yet.

- Be patient. Because if we hold out for a year, we can do what we want.

-is it? Well, it's because I'm much stronger now. Graduation would be as simple as that.

The 'Book of Light and Darkness' obtained from the Akashic Records of Heaven was a theory that amplified the power of darkness using the power of incarnation.

In other words, the main point was that light strengthens darkness.

It was Canis who hadn't realized enough to draw out specific magic yet, but his true intentions alone made his mana much stronger than before.

- Graduation is not a problem. This time, I must surpass Shirone and follow Master's will.

-Keuk, that must be a lot of fun.

After completing the 2,000 checks, the teacher said.

"It's five minutes before the game starts. The mission for the 6th week is 'Eradication'."

All 30 people entered the two thousand times.

The evaluation had to be conducted at the same time as the rankings were given from the group that cleared the monsters first.

The huge 2,000th training ground was divided into six sections, and Shirone entered the 5th team's evaluation area.

As the members gathered, Dante spoke briefly according to his personality.

"Well, since we met like this, let's work hard."

Shirone asked.

"Strategy or tactics? Since you are the leader and you major in information processing, I think it will be okay if you decide."

"tactics? Hmm... ... ."

Dante put his chin on his chin and looked at the members. Iruki of Explosion, Shirone of Flash, Closer of Assault, Canis of Darkness.

"Just grab it fast, unconditionally."

"OK."

At the same time, the five who turned around went into the center of the area.

After 3 minutes of warming up, the evaluation teacher said.

"From now on, we will conduct a strategy-tactics evaluation."

If it was the 6th week, no explanation was necessary.

The green, yellow, and red lights on the display board turned on in turn, and a large number of monsters of the same type appeared in the six areas.

'This is the beginning.'

Shirone entered the Spirit Zone.

The first thing to do was figure out the race and number.

Bat Jargol is flying in the sky. Like a monster, one of them was about the size of an eagle.

On the ground is a bipedal walking monster, Warwolf.

And from this week, one species has been added, a giant earthworm that digs underground tunnels and moves.

'This week is also tier 9.'

Looking at the species alone, it was worth fighting for. However, the problem was that the number exceeded three hundred.

Aaaaang!

The werewolf burst into a wolf howl and ran.

Jar'gol flew in with an ultrasonic sound, and earthworms vomited acid from dozens of holes in the ground.

Everyone in the 5th group instinctively took a position.

Shirone and Iruki cast their magic on Jargol. Photon cannons and atomic bombs quickly detonated the bats.

The ground was a collaboration between Dante and Closer.

Dante, who installed a space movement magic circle 10 meters in front of him, scattered the instant magic circle everywhere.

The werewolves caught in the instant magic circle were automatically moved to the main magic circle in the center.

After about 20 of them gathered, Closer cast his magic.

"Eruption!"

As the ground heated up from friction, the werewolves looked down. At the same time, a small volcanic eruption occurred and blew away the entire main magic circle.

"Ha ha ha! Send more, more, Dante!"

"Oh yeah?"

As Dante laid more magic circles on the ground, three enemies per second began to enter the main magic circle.

Closer poured all kinds of magic like a fish out of water.

If you didn't care about targeting, the land type was considered the strongest in terms of physical strength, so magic and monsters couldn't stand it.

The rock and roll that swelled like a snowball, pushed out like rolling the ground, hit the werewolf.

Huge rock Heavy Stones fell from the air and crushed the enemies.

Then, with 3 consecutive hits of Eruption, Eruption, Eruption, all the monsters on the ground were devastated.

Canis stood with her hands in her pockets.

Earthworm's acidic liquid flew from all sides, but it couldn't pierce the dark skin.

Of course, I didn't do anything. His Spirit Zone was locating all the monsters underground.

And finally, the right hand came out of the pocket.

'If the sky is a world of light... ... .'

The index and middle fingers stood tall.

"Under the ground is a world of darkness."

The power of darkness in the form of a saw blade, which is Canis' long-term ability, slashed the earth worm as it sprinted underground.

Kiek! Kick!

All of the Earthworms standing vertically sagged and vomited green saliva.

- 328 monsters have been annihilated. Execution time 3 minutes 28 seconds.

=======================================
[387] One Man Team (3)





As the monsters in the sky, ground, and underground were wiped out almost simultaneously, a guide voice came from number 2,000.

"Whoa."

Wiping the sweat from her forehead, Shirone looked back at the display board.

"wow! Did it turn out well?"

Group 5's name was ranked in second place. The first place belonged to Group 2, to which Fermi belonged.

Team 2's execution time was 3 minutes and 15 seconds.

It was disappointing to lose by only 13 seconds, but considering that all of the 2nd group were Fermi and the others, it was a good result.

'Well, we're an instant party.'

The closer was a bad look.

"Sheesh, Fermiya again? How do they go up in rank together?"

said Dante.

"You have to see that he has a lot of skill in score management. Anyway, second place in the group isn't bad. That's why it's in the top 10 overall. If you make it to the top 10 for each evaluation, you will eventually graduate."

Dante was satisfied that a group of three who had never worked together came in second place. In terms of party contribution, it could be seen that everyone scored 1 point.

Iruki was thinking the same thing. However, in his case, it was a little more specific.

'If this was a graduation test, Dante 1.01, Closer 0.99, Shirone 1, Canis 1.02, I'd say 0.98.'

The best player in Group 5 was Kanis by a narrow margin. It was great that he single-handedly annihilated the monsters underground.

'To increase party contribution, it's important to choose the right enemy. The gap will widen even more in the graduation exam.'

In the meantime, Group 1 was listed as 3rd. The time gap widened slightly and was 4 minutes and 18 seconds.

"Anyway, let's go down. I want to see the other groups too."

Dante went down two thousand times with his crew. And immediately dismissed Joe.

"Shirone, good job. Iruki and Kanis too."

Shirone also greeted in a good mood.

"Yes, you suffered too. Let's do it again next time if we have a chance."

The 4th place was decided, and the 5th place completed the annihilation mission. Each record is 4 minutes and 24 seconds. 4 minutes 28 seconds.

"Wow, this week has been very short."

Although Shirone took second place in the group, the party was lucky because the monsters were not yet high in tier.

Considering that, the skills of the other groups were not easy.

Iruki said.

"There is a high possibility that this trend will continue until Tier 8. It's hard to deal with them alone, but mages become incredibly strong when they're together. Of course, this is also possible because this is a school."

At the magic school, everyone you meet is a wizard, but even the 30 graduating class are high-quality personnel who are scattered all over the world once they graduate.

Since they accounted for less than 0.0001% of the population, at least the Royal Guard, Capital Guard, and Border Guard had to have wizards in unit units.

In fact, even third-rate wizards from guild to guild, if about 20 people gather, the firepower is terrifying.

This is because if you shoot one fireball every 10 seconds, it means that you will hit 1.200 fireballs in 10 minutes by simple calculation.

Even such wizards are expensive, so there are few requests that pay off when 20 people gather.

Even if there is, it will go back to a high-ranking wizard.

There are exceptional cases of terrorism, but in front of the public power called the red line, they were just mice in front of the cat.

The combat power of the official red line, that is, the authorized wizard unit, is different from that of third-class wizards.

When a monster outside the tier, for example, a demon, appears, the Magic Association organizes a large, elite party consisting of official 4th to 6th grades under the king's approval, which is called a 'cage'.

In other words, it means to put them in a cage and beat them, and it is known that when 20 or so wizards who are considered the best talents in each field gather, they will pull out enough power to describe it as a walking corps.

Since the number of 3rd-class wizards is drastically reduced even across the entire continent, experts view Cage as the strongest party unless a global catastrophe strikes.

'If I go out into society, I'm sure there won't be a party with so many different people. Let's learn a lot from this opportunity.'

Two thousand times the operation stopped.

"Article 4 evaluation complete. The 4th group that performed the mission last will receive 0 points."

Shirone looked at Team 4 with a sad feeling. All of a sudden, I thought the group that Amy belongs to would be in last place.

'As expected, balance is important. Even though I have a great dealer named Amy, I can't do it.'

Group 4 could not hide its bitter expression.

It was not a situation where anyone could point out and say that they were wrong.

In fact, they overran the enemy camp with flashy and colorful attacks, starting with the Screamer. It's just that it took longer to annihilate than the other groups because the balance wasn't right.

'I should have gotten the buff instead.'

Amy regretted that.

The magician's deadly strategy gives one person a fighting power that cannot be handled in the same class, but the mission of the 6th week was annihilation.

We had no choice but to reveal our weaknesses in missions that required detail to ensure the team came together to eliminate enemies.

'I can't do anything. I should aim for next week.'

Amy coolly accepted the zero. Anyway, the manager was a stubborn screamer and had no choice but to follow his advice.

If you don't understand, you can raise the rank and promote it. It was the rule of the graduating class with no room for excuses.

'Oh really. I'm going crazy from annoyance.'

On the other hand, the screamer couldn't accept the result.

Anyway, how do you get last place? Even in his senior year last year, he was the one who never got a zero in strategy tactics.

'It's all because of you.'

The screamer shouted at Maya, unable to contain his rage right before the explosion.

"You idiot!"

The students turned to the screamer at the unheard-of shout in the graduating class of the Magic School.

If the team lost, there is no need to consider individual capabilities. But it's already been weeks since her evaluation of strategy and tactics has been ruined because of her.

As the screamer strode forward, Maya's eyebrows rose to her arms and her expression hardened.

"Because of you, the monsters have become more violent!"

The riotous rhyme induces anxiety.

It is a magic that is strategically helpful, but in the case of annihilation, it took more time because the enemies were rampaging.

"No, it wasn't that they became violent, but a commotion... ... ."

"shut up! On the topic of making pig-picking noises! You call it sonic magic? What are you going to do now?"

Maya put on a sad expression and then lowered her head.

"Sorry... ... ."

No one stopped the screamer.

Maya is not good at sound magic, and Screamer is the second-ranked graduate. For her, stepping out and arguing with him could have bad consequences for her future schedule.

"What the hell are you doing? If you've been in your senior year longer than me, shouldn't you have some experience? Are you just saying that? If Warwolf appeared, the answer wouldn't come out right?"

"Sorry. sorry... ... ."

Maya only repeated her apologies. There was nothing she could do other than that.

"Anyway, commoners are not allowed. If you don't have the talent, drop out or drop out. It's not a nuisance to other people because you're holding on so badly that you'll try to get your share as a wizard."

Maya's shoulders trembled. Tears dripped down her face, hidden by her hair.

'You were a commoner, Maya... ... .'

Shirone glared at the screamer.

It was the first time I had heard that Maya was a commoner, but that didn't matter. To demean someone else's major by calling it a pig-picking sound.

Maya's voice was rather pure compared to combative sound magic, so it had a feeling that it was less effective.

It is a personal attack. It was a saying she would never have heard if she wasn't fat.

"sorry... ... Black! Sorry... ... ."

The screamer got even more annoyed.

You're a wizard who swears because you've been cursed at. Even in the graduating class.

It's an evaluation of everyone's life. But aren't you putting yourself out there as the bad guy?

"Okay, get off! And I beg you, if you don't have the skills, please go down voluntarily. Wouldn't you feel sorry for others if you were lucky enough to get a little higher in the rankings?"

The screamer turned coldly and walked away. Shirone called after him.

"Hey."

The screamer turned around and raised his chin.

"what?"

"I apologize to Maya."

The screamer's eyes turned to bewilderment.

There was no reason to apologize, and meddling in this way was never wise in the senior class.

'Look at this kid? Am I going to stop saying I was filmed by Fermi?'

Even when Shirone announced his immediate death, Screamer snorted.

Magic or something, things that would all fall to their knees if they were split with one touch from the outside are attacking inside the school.

'No, is it a good thing?'

Screamers are never stupid. His stock price would go up if he crushed Shirone, who had passed the 7th stage of survival evaluation.

'Should I stab him once?'

Screamer was determined and scratched Shirone.

"Come to think of it, you were also a commoner, right? No, was it royalty? Ah, I thought I was a member of the royal family, but I ended up being a commoner again. ha ha ha!"

It had already been several months since I had gone to Kazura, so the students accepted it as an established fact that Shirone was a commoner.

"It doesn't matter if you are a commoner or not. I cancel everything I said to Maya and sincerely apologize."

"Nope? Why should you? I did my share. It's Maya's fault for coming last."

"No, it is a joint responsibility. And if one person must be held responsible, you are the leader."

"What nonsense are you talking about? Don't you know the party contribution? Are you saying you know how many monsters I've killed?"

Nade interrupted the conversation.

"Isn't it embarrassing to shout out loud about an inappropriate subject?"

The screamer's face flushed with anger. Shirone wasn't enough, and now even flying flies were being seduced.

Iruki added a word.

"He's the main dealer, but there's not much difference between him and the sub dealer, right? Do you think the bookmaker's deadly strategy is suitable for an annihilation operation? In the end, the fact that 0 points came out is a misjudgment by the leader."

The screamer frowned.

"The third person talks a lot. I was right. There was just a hole in the team. He said that since he was wearing Maya anyway, he had no choice but to go ahead with the adventure. Who evaluates just to get 1 or 2 points? Even I raised my contribution to 1.4."

"That is your limit. The fact that you thought about the contribution to the party before the results came out is proof that you don't trust your teammates. Maya is also a formal graduating class. She must have had any number of ways to score her, including her."

"ha ha ha! so? If you had been in Group 4 instead of me, would you have said that?"

"Sure. If I had been the leader, I would have been at least in the top three."

"Sigh."

The screamer let out a sigh.

This is why I don't like rookies. Guys who talk as they come out even though they haven't experienced it.

Maya is incorrigible. Aside from her skills, she was never in her character to be a wizard.

"Can you get a high score with Maya? Do you really think that is possible?"

said Amy.

"It must have been at least higher than a team with a leader like you."

Screamer looked back. Amy crossed her arms and flicked her toes.

"Are you talking to me just now?"

It is the standard of the senior class to avoid conflicts with competitors who may collide in the future.

This is because there is no need to benefit others by getting caught up in useless wars of attrition.

Of course, Amy knew it well. No, she was feeling bad as she was eliminated last year.

But this year will be different. Unlike Seriel, who was wary of harming each other, she now has an ally she can trust and entrust everything to.

Amy took a quick step. Iruki and Nade gave up their seats with a grim expression. Confidence increased even more in the support fire of comrades rather than strategic alliances.

=======================================
[388] One Man Team (4)





Amy pointed at the screamer.

"Then would you have done it to me? Honestly, it's true that the bookie's killer strategy failed, right? I can understand that until then, but why are you taking out your anger on a poor teammate?"

The screamer's face went blank.

No matter how emotional he is, I tend to do it while watching the situation before and after.

On the other hand, Shirone and the others were pushing ahead with stage guns without taking any countermeasures.

'Aren't these groups crazy?'

If you focus on emotions, you will only be used.

And the screamer immediately found a way.

This was an opportunity.

If you can easily get 20 points for losing 5 points, it won't be a losing trade.

'As long as there is Mayan, any team will lose.'

Having made the decision, the screamer made an offer.

"Okay, if you guys are so confident, why don't we check it out?"

"Verification?"

"You know there's a full evaluation in two weeks, right? occupation of the highlands. If you beat me with Maya on your team, I'll admit it."

Highland occupation is a confrontation in which flags are planted on both camps and the opponent's flag is captured while adjusting the air and water balance.

In the graduation test, the score is 15 to 15, but in the group evaluation, a mini game is played with a score of 5 to 5.

'As expected, graduating class. It bites properly.'

Shirone saw through the screamer's strategy.

It was a plan to include Maya, who thought it was a hole, in the team and get 20 points for sure.

When Shirone delayed answering, Screamer tore his mouth. Her red tongue protruded.

That's why you shouldn't cover it up and attack it. Whether he refused or accepted, he ultimately won.

"Why? Are you not confident about doing it? Did you yell at me then?"

Shirone finally opened her mouth.

"It's true that Maya's sonic magic is below average."

"ha ha ha! Now you're confessing! Yeah, what can you do if you think you're going to lose in the end... ... ."

"But."

Shirone's face frowned.

"At least it's way better than having a guy like you on the team."

The screamer shut his mouth and erased his expression. The eyes that made the thugs tremble when they were young were shot.

"that word... ... Can I take that as a will?"

Shirone turned to her friends.

"Guys."

Iruki, Nade, and Amy approached one step at a time and lined up on the left and right of Shirone.

said Amy, wagging her fingers.

"Okay, let's do it. You'll probably have to assemble the best team and go for it. It'll be smashed anyway."

When this happened, it was Maya who was embarrassed.

Ruined the evaluation and ate swearing. The work that normally should have ended there has flowed to the point where I can't handle it.

I was grateful to Shirone and the others for standing up for me. But that's why he couldn't cause any more trouble.

"Wait a minute, I don't think... ... !"

Before he could finish his words, Nade pulled Maya into his arms.

The moment Maya blushed and was about to say something, Nade raised his fist at the screamer and shouted.

"Let's stick together aaaaaaaaaaa!"

Nade's voice boomed.

No regrets. On the contrary, it seemed that the accumulated sediment was being released by noticing whether it was a senior class or a junior class.

'Yes, this is the Shirone phage.'

On the other hand, Maya's face turned pale. However, the spirit of Shirone and the others was too hot to pour cold water on them.

Screamer controlled his anger.

To be honest, it's like winning. Because they will lose 20 points and you will gain 20 points.

"See you in two weeks."

The screamer left the training ground. The students looked blank as if they couldn't believe the current situation.

Fermi and the others aren't enough, and now they've even touched a fairly well-known screamer in Class Two.

'No, what kind of chickens are these?'

Sabina, who was next to Dante, sighed. No matter how much I tried not to interest her, she couldn't be bothered because she was entangled in Nade.

"It will really turn. Why do they just run around like that? Of course, if Maya gets involved, it's a disadvantage. It looks like only Nade was deducted 20 points. Shouldn't the Shirone have been dried too?"

"I did not know?"

Dante smiled and turned around.

"Shirone is the worst captain."

battle readiness (1)





For the first time in a while, Shirone and the others gathered at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society and spent a quiet time.

In addition to training, Shirone had to complete Gaold's mission, so a day was not enough.

The feeling of lying on the sofa on a holiday and staring blankly at the ceiling was indescribably good.

Why did I make a fuss about being bored without knowing that this kind of time was precious in the past?

Shirone recalled what had happened a few days ago.

"By the way, Maya. You were a commoner. I didn't know."

said Nade.

"So do i. I've been researching since that day, but to be precise, he's an outsider."

"A foreigner?"

"It's a mysterious tribe, a minority from the south. About 200 people settled in Tormia and cultivated the clan's secret capura for medicinal purposes. That's why I owe my debts and I can't even advance into society because of the stigma of lack of drugs, so it must be difficult."

"Right. Then Maya's house will be in trouble too."

"I guess so. I heard there are 7 brothers. It seems the tribe is raising money to support Maya. If you become a wizard, your reputation with the Mystic Tribe will increase."

"But how did he get into magic school? If I hadn't belonged to the Ogent family, I wouldn't have been able to even pass the special screening."

"Mr. Collie recommended it. I don't know the circumstances, but there must have been a connection. As you."

In the senior class, he is a cold-hearted head teacher, but he is a kind person at heart, so there was a possibility that he helped Maya enough.

"It seems that there was some gossip at the time. Then, the grades were surprisingly insignificant, so they were just buried."

Should I say this is fortunate?

Shirone wouldn't have been hated too much if she hadn't stood out in the entrance exam.

"Anyway, that's too bad. The burden will be enormous. I can't graduate even though I'm getting the expectations of my tribesmen. It was pitiful to see the meat being passed over with water to raise the volume."

Shirone also liked that part.

"yes. Especially Maya is a woman. Why don't you want to look pretty? In fact, I think I would look pretty if I lost weight. I can't help it since I'm in my senior year."

Iruki said.

"Shall I show you, Maya's old self?"

"yes? how?"

"I quit now, but at the time, Nade collected a lot. would you remember? A picture book."

Shirone suddenly remembered.

"Oh, that the female body research society publishes?"

Nade rose from the couch.

"hit! We are now in our graduating class. Most of the repeat students will be drawn there."

As soon as he finished speaking, Nade went under the desk.

"Iruki, try calling Hosu and Paige."

Iruki, who was oblivious to oblivion, said.

"The most accurate is the latest issue. Publication No. 48, page 8."

"Isn't issue 48 from last year? Even then, Maya must have gained weight."

"I know when I see it. Bring it once."

Nade rummaged through the picture books stacked in the safe.

He stopped paying attention after Shirone came in, but it was the man's heart that he couldn't bear to throw away the things he had collected.

"Let's see. No. 48, No. 48... ... Oh, here it is."

Nade put the picture book on the table, and Shirone and Iruki also sat on the sofa and pressed their faces.

On page 8, Maya's former self was drawn.

"wow... ... ."

It was a modest style for a work by the Women's Body Research Society, and the way of expression was sacred.

But they were surprised for another reason.

"Is this really Maya? It is very pretty."

It was different from Tormia's urban standards, but she was a fresh and bright girl that anyone could fall for.

Nade nodded.

"I remember, I remember. In the past, I saw this picture and wondered who it might be."

Iruki explained.

"Maya gained weight from the second year of her senior year. But the female body research group seems to be only drawing her before."

"It's rare. Do you like Maya?"

"It could be. But don't you think the feeling of respect is stronger than affection?"

Shirone was seized with intense curiosity.

"Who are you? The Women's Human Body Research Society."

said Nade.

"I don't even know that far. If these guys get caught, they'll be expelled right away. But you'll be in your senior year. You won't be able to draw your senior year while you're in an advanced class."

It was creepy to think so. In a word, she said that she was taking the graduation evaluation while running into each other every day.

said Nade.

"Let's check out the others. As of last year, there must be girls in the senior class now."

Iruki said.

"Pony on page 14, Suabi on page 16, Dorothy on the last page. These three are currently graduating class."

Shirone looked back at Iruki.

"You really remember it because of the Servant, right?"

Nade pointed at Paige.

"Hey, it's Pony, Pony."

Pony's appearance was the same as now.

With a symmetrical part that emphasized the tall forehead, hair like golden threads came down to cover both sides of the face.

Wearing a dress that showed off her shoulders and collarbone, her chin was raised, revealing the elegance of royalty.

"Oh, there's Suabi here too."

Suabi was sitting on her knees by the stream, covering her naked body with a blanket.

A bird was sitting in the seat with both hands together as if to support it, and it was smiling a beautiful smile that you would never see at school.

"Are you Dorothy? Seeing it this way is very different."

Dorothy pulled up the bottom of her black woolen knit and bit it in a rebellious mouth.

A water drop-shaped navel was cutely embedded in her narrow waist, and her lower body was only wearing underwear, showing off her beautiful legs that stretched out like a giraffe's legs.

The point was that the tin doll that never let go of her was hugging her neck.

"I've felt it before, but I'm really good at drawing. It just looks like you put the real thing in there."

Nade sighed and closed the picture book.

"Ah, there are so many beauties at school, how come we don't have any partners?"

"Shirone is there."

"Oh no! what am i... ... ."

Nade looked back with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Come to think of it, you said you and Amy went on a trip. Did nothing really happen?"

"yes? Anything?"

Shirone's face turned red. Obviously nothing happened. But why is the blood rushing to his face?

"what? Are you really suspicious? You better be honest!"

Shirone rolled her eyes left and right. Realizing that he had no one to help, he resorted to a last resort.

"Ah, I don't know! I'm going to sleep! I'm tired these days Wake me up in an hour!"

As expected, sleep is the best way to get rid of anguish.



* * *



After waking up, Shirone got up from the sofa. His friends had already gone back to their lodgings.

"Umm, what time is it?"

A note was left on the table.



we go first You look tired these days, get a good night's sleep and see you later at the restaurant. Also, the red book number 24 in the safe under the table is so awesome you should never look at it.



Shirone yawned, crumpled up the note and stood up.

"Still, I feel refreshed after taking a nap for the first time in a while."

Shirone packed her toiletries and headed for her senior year. She didn't have to go to the hostel, she was going to wash up at school and go to the cafeteria.

As I finished brushing my teeth and washing my face, the bell announcing 5:00 rang.

"Ahhh."

I yawned and blew away the remnants of my drowsiness, and as I walked through the hallways, I heard music somewhere.

"what?"

Someone was singing in the music room at the end of the hallway. It was not a vocal song borrowed by magicians, but a popular song.

"Wow, you are so good."

His singing skills were surprisingly good.

'Could a singer come?'

When I opened the door to the music room, Maya was singing and playing the piano in a row of instruments along the window.

It was a cheerful rhythm and blues song that I sang while walking around the slash-and-burn village.

As soon as he opened the door, Shirone felt a shudder run up his spine at the sound of her voice coming into reality.



There is nothing more beautiful than you



It just wasn't good singing. I don't know anything about music, but the moment I heard it, I was convinced.

Maya's song is something different.

=======================================
[389] Battle Readiness (2)





'What is this feeling?'

Even after the song ended, Shirone remained in her seat, unable to calm her pounding heart.

"uh? Shirone!"

Maya, who noticed it belatedly, welcomed him with a bright smile.

"come in. What are you doing here?"

"I thought I'd wash up a bit. I came because I heard the music."

Shirone held up her toothbrush to get rid of the suspicion of spying.

Either way, Maya moved her butt off the piano chair and suggested a seat.

"Sit here. there are no chairs Oh, if you're busy... ... ."

Since it was Shirone who was struggling to the death with the strong players in the senior class, I thought that there would be no time for leisurely chatting.

"no it's okay. I had nowhere to go anyway."

The piano chair was small and Maya had some flesh. As their arms touched each other, a sense of unfamiliarity was transmitted through their skin. Her skin was soft and a bit on the cold side.

The awkward Shirone spoke first.

"Ahaha, you sing so well, why didn't you talk? I don't know much about music, but I think I do much better than a pro."

Seeing sadness in Maya's eyes, Shirone realized her mistake. Even though he has such great skills, if he is not a professional, there is no choice but to have a story.

"Oh sorry. If something hurts... ... ."

Maya smiled and shook her head. Seriously, I couldn't stand Shirone's seriousness. So she was even more upset.

'It's been like that since the beginning.'

On the presentation day of the Supernatural Psychic Research Conference, Maya first saw Shirone speaking on the roof.

prove the invisible

The situation at the time that convinced all the students was shocking to her. She was the brightest star in school.

"Song... ... Shall I call you?"

"yes. I want to hear it."

When Maya put her hands on the keyboard and started singing, Shirone immediately fell into her music.

I thought it was just a sound. But she had the power to move people's hearts with her voice.

'ah... ... I see.'

To sing only for the happiness of the listener, forgetting about graduation from magic school, the circumstances of the tribe, and the poverty of the family.

At this moment, he wasn't a wizard.

Maya was an artist.

After the celestial song ended, the afterword flowed. Shirone couldn't even exhale until the note disappeared soundlessly.

A moan escaped from between his trembling lips.

"Haaaaaa."

diva. The goddess was in front of me.

Shirone could not resist Maya's eyes looking at her with a passionate gaze. Fire penetrated into my heart. She seemed like she could take anything she gave.

"... ... ."

The sunset was setting outside the window.



* * *



The 8th week's main skill enhancement time is back.

It was an intense competition to gain an upper hand in the ranking competition because the distribution of scores was autonomous as it evaluates the achievement of 20 items related to the major.

Students report challenges prior to the assessment. For example, if you challenge three items to level 7 and do not reach them, you will not be awarded points for that week.

Therefore, if you need even 1 point, it is better to choose an appropriate level of difficulty, and on the contrary, if you need a high score, it is better to increase the level of difficulty even if you take an adventure.

Shirone was sitting side by side with her friends and watching the evaluation of other students' major skills.

The reason why the analysis's eyes are sharper than usual is that after tomorrow, the scrimmer and the high ground occupation confrontation will be held.

The Shirone team has already been decided, but the members of the Screamer team have not yet been confirmed. Therefore, it was good to analyze the majors of as many people as possible today.

The difference between the main skill enhancement evaluation and other events is that actual magic is cast instead of 2,000 times.

Various devices were equipped in each area, and the impact force test in particular was similar to the marble in the maze seen in the Kergo ruins.

After 7 people finished the evaluation, it was Fishaw's turn. The evaluation teacher checked the evaluation paper and looked up.

"Fisho, what is the challenge?"

"I will challenge three items. Eruption, gigantism, mutation. The difficulty levels are 5, 6, and 5, respectively."

Twenty-five years old, the oldest in his senior year, Fisho.

Although he doesn't stand out in the evaluation, his Insect magic makes Shirone excited every time he sees it.

"Fisho has gone up one notch from last week. It's only been 8 weeks, but you're entering the intermediate level, right?"

"You are twenty-five. You should consider that you have polished your major for at least 5 years more than others. I'll probably pass easily this time too."

"At this point, Shirone, there is something you must know."

Nade said with a serious look.

"That guy, Fisho, is the president of the Ant Language Research Society."

"Ant language research society? Is there such a thing?"

"It's a research society that works in the shadows like us. They want to have an audience with the queen ant by analyzing the ant's pheromone language. Perhaps they are thinking of making a diplomatic agreement."

After thinking for a moment, Shirone asked.

"But why should I know that?"

"Idiot! If they make a pact with the queen ant, they'll hit the supernatural psychic research group. It's not a matter of subsuming a few ants. All the ants under the queen's control will become enemies!"

Shirone moved her lips to say something, but eventually turned her head away without saying anything.

Iruki continued.

"Insect is the most maniac category among majors. It's good to watch while we can."

"Is it similar to summoning magic?"

"no. A boss imitates a specific target so perfectly that it is close to the real thing. Of course, insects are also possible, but you can't implement hundreds of species of insects that way."

"Then how do you do the fisho?"

Iruki referred to the explanation he had heard from his father.

"The core battery of the insert series is the egg. An aggregate of undifferentiated functions that can evolve into various forms. They say that it induces spontaneous generation with the theory of 'ecosystem in the head', but they say that this is really insanely difficult. Because we have to calculate from occurrence to evolution and mutation."

"Hmm, that must be really difficult."

"So there are many scholars in the Insect field. But once you become a wizard, you get treated very well. Ficho will be in his senior year by the time he is twenty-five, but graduating now is absolutely no loss."

When Fisho signaled that he was ready, the assessment teacher presented a challenge.

"First of all, eruption. The fifth level is three hundred."

Fisho tuned the battery with the ecological theory in his head. Once the food chain and predators were established, the eggs began to differentiate into the most suitable population for survival.

"Grasshopper."

A swarm of 300 locusts flew up from Fishaw's feet and flew like black particles through the clouds.

The teacher wrote three hundred and twelve on the record sheet. It was not difficult to count insects through synesthesia.

"It is 1 point for passing the 5th stage. Next is gigantism."

Ficho closed his eyes again and concentrated.

It took approximately 5 minutes to differentiate the egg by increasing the oxygen saturation and adjusting the surrounding environment.

An ant as huge as a person was born and moved its antennae in all directions to examine the surroundings.

Both female students and male students frowned as if they were terrible. So Fisho is a loner.

"Body surface area 2.02 square meters. passing gigantic. 1 point earned Next, mutation."

This time, it took a whopping 20 minutes to build the cell. As such, the results were shocking.

A centipede with the protective coloration of a ladybug crawled on the floor. The scythe-like jaws opened, and the deadly venom shot all the way.

"One type of shape change. 1 function change. Passed."

"thank you."

It was an amazing demonstration and a shocking sight, but the students just wished they would never see it again.

That's how Fisho's main skill was strengthened, and Maya walked out in the next turn.

Nade made a horn and shouted.

"Maya, fighting!"

Maya just smiled and scratched her cheek and went into the evaluation room without showing any reaction.

"yes? Why are you like that? Is something bad happening?"

Embarrassed Nade licked his lips.

But now that I see it, Shirone's expression doesn't look particularly good either.

"what? What happened to you two?"

There was no way to know that it was Shirone.

After the incident in the music room, Maya deliberately distanced herself. He didn't treat her coldly, but he didn't feel as friendly as before.

Iruki said.

"Maybe we were too rude."

"What are you talking about? What did we do to Maya?"

"Even if she was insulted by the screamer, she should have made the choice. Because there are people she doesn't want to fight with."

Nade suddenly recalled the situation at the time. He was relieved when he shouted to bring Maya to fight, but thinking about it again, he clearly crossed the line.

"Uh, so what? I made a loud noise. No, shouldn't we apologize and make things happen that didn't happen?"

"Maya doesn't get mad about that. And I'm not angry about that."

Shirone said bluntly.

According to Iruki, the feeling should have already arrived when we met in the music room. But she was more affectionate than anyone else, and sang her songs with all her heart.

'But why are you avoiding it? why?'

Maya's evaluation ended quickly. All three categories of vocal volume, sound vibration, and sound remained at the second stage, and they did not pass even that.

"None of the sonic magics are below average. After that, it will be impossible to graduate this year."

Ned cried at Iruki's words.

"Shouldn't graduation be the problem, should we be worried about the entire evaluation right now? You said that you can get a high score even if you have Maya as a team member. Wasn't there some kind of strategy?"

"No, I just spit it out as it came out. You can't say good things to the screamers there, can you?"

"what? you then... ... !"

"Don't make a fuss. Just because I didn't think about it doesn't mean there isn't a solution. That's it, you can think about it from now on. Anyway, maybe the reason why Maya is like that is because of her grades. Even I can see it doesn't go well with sound magic."

"Maybe it's the other way around."

Iruki looked back at Shirone.

"What have you been talking about since before? You two, what really happened?"

Shirone told the story of what happened in the music room. Maya's incredible singing ability and the thrill running down her spine.

"Hmm, popular song. Definitely a different area. Because sound magic borrows vocal music to maximize the function of the voice."

Iruki's head turned quickly. I thought that maybe it could be a major variable in the occupation of this highland.

Next up for Maya was Fermi. Heading to the training ground, he glanced back at Shirone and laughed.

Fermi's major is Air, and the main skill enhancement score is exactly 100 points. All items were cleared 5 levels.

Similar to the average speed of Class One, it seems that there is no chance of falling into Class Two even now.

The evaluation teacher changed the evaluation paper and asked.

"Fermi, what is the challenge?"

Fermi said with a smile.

"I will master it."

The evaluation teacher raised his head as he was about to record. The students also started whispering.

Last year, he mastered all of his special skill enhancements, so it wasn't unusual, but the timing was too early.

Considering that they usually started to pick up speed after the 12th week, it was a whopping 4 weeks fast pace.

'It must have been influenced by Shirone's existence.'

After defeating Fermi in the survival test and even declaring war, it was a strategy to use this opportunity to dampen spirits again.

"good. Let's measure from the first press item."

Fermi held out his index and middle fingers and pointed at the impact-measuring device.

The air was compressed at the tip of the finger, and the air gun fired with a bang.

The eyes of the students turned to the billboard beyond the glass marbles.

1,123 press.

It was a figure that easily passed the master difficulty of 1,000 presses.

=======================================
[390] Battle Readiness (3)





"Isn't that amazing, Fermi? How much air did you compress for 1,000 presses?"

"Yeah. Even if it hits the armor, the impact will be considerable."

Shirone was not impressed. In the old days, he would have at least clapped, but it didn't compare to Gaold's air gun.

Fermi conquered the master difficulty step by step. Finally, applause erupted when the 10th stage of the fly aerobatics, a movement item, was completed.

It was an acrobatics that was impossible without mastering the basics of the two types of press and blow.

"Fermi, all masters. That's 100 points."

It was the moment Fermi regained the top spot in the senior class again.

"Surely great."

It was rare for Iruki to acknowledge someone.

This time, even Shirone had no excuse to refute. It was none other than the All Master.

"Yeah. I think the fundamentals are very solid."

"No, that's not what I mean. Even last year, Fermi was an all-master. It's just that the majors are different."

Shirone's head turned quickly.

"You said your major was different?"

"yes. Registered Earth Magic. The year before last, I mastered all with fire magic."

Is it really possible? It's not enough to change your major every year, so it's not enough to do all masters.

A high-ranking wizard would be able to use a student-level difficulty, but it was a nonsensical comparison. Fermi was a student.

Shirone stared blankly at Fermi. As he pretended to slit his throat with his thumb, his emotions from his survival assessment came back up.

Fermi made the all-master and became the undisputed number one.

It was such an event that even the students who had been weighing Shirone and Fermi had to tip their weights.

'Even if you regret it, it's too late, kid. I won't let you graduate until you lick my shoes.'

Seeing the anger in Fermi's eyes, Shirone stood up. Then he told his friends and headed to the training ground.

"Iruki, Nade. I will go up first."

Nade and Iruki looked back at each other. As they train together every day, they know that Shirone is not yet ready to challenge for All Masters.

"What are you going to do? It's a fight that won't gain anything from a head-to-head confrontation. It will only be a power exposure. No, if you fail at all, you will be completely trampled on."

"What are you thinking? Let's trust Shirone for now."

The eyes of the students were focused on Shirone.

Amy and Arin turned their heads while talking, and Kanis's eyes lit up.

Dante, who was sitting on the ground, rested his chin and watched.

'Fermi did an all-master. How are you going to respond?'

The evaluation teacher held up the evaluation sheet and asked.

"Shirone, your specialty is God Particles. What is the challenge?"

"7 levels of power, 8 levels of projectile speed, 7 levels of projectile speed, 7 levels of defense... ... ."

Shirone, like Fermi, lined up the items.

Until the 7th week, Syrone's main skill evaluation level averaged 3.6 levels. Therefore, the stage I am currently reciting was more than twice that.

"Finally, movement control, 10 steps."

The teacher's eyes lit up.

Level 10 is Master Difficulty. Furthermore, the standard value of the particle movement control item of God was much higher than that of the photon series.

It seemed clear that Fermi's All Masters had influenced Shirone's judgment.

However, it was also true that there were insufficient parts to compare with Fermi to this extent.

In fact, only seven items were selected by Shirone, and the difficulty level was between 7 and 8, excluding the movement.

"what? If you're going to do it, don't you say it, right?"

"You are cheating. To some extent, other students will also have a conflict between Fermi and Shirone."

"Then it is a great misunderstanding. That level couldn't hurt Fermi even as much as a fingernail. A typical mistake of the first year. After all, what can a freshman do?"

Class Two was the majority opinion.

Dante suspends judgment and thinks. He blinked quickly and the corners of his mouth went up as he counted.

'Hmm, that way... ... .'

Meanwhile, Fermi and his party, watching from the hill, were already convinced of victory.

"Keukke, is this the final push? Doesn't it look cute like this? Isn't that right, Fermi?"

The Electric Monster Lichen turned to Fermi.

Fermi was laughing. But Lichen, who had been with him for years, knew that the smile he showed when he was most pissed off.

'That damn bastard... ... .'

Shirone's first evaluation was a single attribute power item.

Although it does not exist in the photon series, it was newly established based on the fact that God's particles are based on mass.

When I closed my eyes and focused my mind, a sphere of light was born and compressed at a terrifying speed as if pushing space.

As the eyes of the students watching the suppressed vibrations turned golden, the photon cannon fired with a roar.

The flash of light embedded in the glass beads spread out as fragments of light, and the numbers on the instrument panel rotated to calculate power.

2,242 crashes.

It was a figure that far exceeded 1,800 crashes, which is the 7th level of single attribute power.

After checking the score, Shirone looked back at Fermi, and the students realized something and began to hum.

When converted to units of energy, 2,242 crashes are approximately 8,200 presses.

In other words, the destructive force that comes out when the atmosphere is compressed with 8,200 presses is 2,240 crashes.

This is 7.3 times higher than Fermi, who recorded 1,123 presses, revealing the power of God's particles.

Shirone's evaluation continued.

In the projectile speed category, the speed of the photon cannon was 100 meters per second, which was also a result that far exceeded Fermi's projectile velocity category.

Puff pup pup pup pup!

Shirone fired a photon cannon at a target in front of her at blazing speed.

Even in broad daylight, the surroundings were sparkling, and the eyes of the students were filled with afterimages of golden lines.

"165 rounds per minute. It is a 7th level pass."

The standard for Fermi's rate of fire rate master is 160 rounds per minute.

Having already overpowered Fermi in three items, the students now understood Shirone's intentions.

"I see. Shirone that guy... ... ."

The seven items that Shirone presented as challenges were common to the Air series as well.

"It's surpassing all of Fermi's criteria."

When the students turned to Fermi, he was looking at Shirone with his palms covering his face.

It was a fact that only his colleagues knew that his eyes were burning with murderous intent.

Shirone did not do all masters.

But even so, he scores higher in the same category than Fermi, who did All Masters.

Students felt the same way. Air-type magic can be overpowered at the 7th level of God Particles.

"That bastard child... ... ."

Fermi's colleagues were startled. It was the first time his feelings had been shown so blatantly.

Feeling the eyes of countless students, Fermi finally lowered his hand and smiled.

'Oops, businessman smiles. The businessman smiles.'

Entrepreneurs need to be relaxed. Even if a debt is strangling you and you are on the verge of getting a knife stabbed in your back, as long as you have confidence, a way out is a business.

Of course, the crisis is real. In fact, the students were cutting Fermi's earnings expectations in half and giving them to Shirone.

The Air series is at the 7th level of God Particles. The strategy to increase stock prices by comparing numbers with Fermi worked well.

"As expected, Shirone hyung is amazing."

Eider approached behind Iruki. His major was also Air, so it was only natural that he felt bitter.

"It is different from talent. How do you beat someone like that?"

"Talent?"

"It is. The advantage of the photon system is that it has no mass. But Shirone hyung can even give it mass. That no one can beat."

Shirone's magical talent was acknowledged by Iruki as well. But I didn't think I'd come this far just for that reason.

Talent is just a tool. The speed of a person digging with bare hands and a person digging with a shovel is inevitably different.

If the land is magic, the shovel is a talent.

However, no matter how much he holds the shovel, he never digs the ground unless he uses his arms, waist, and legs.

That's why even a moment of realization is just an explosion of the accumulation of daily training.

Shirone has been working hard day by day and breaking through the limits every day. Even if it's not right now, in the end, it gathers and achieves the result.

All success in the world begins with knowing that the future will always come.

"I don't think anyone is born with bare hands."

"Yes?"

Eider looked down at Iruki.

"Some are born with a shovel, some with a hammer, and some with a pen. He who has a shovel digs faster, but he cannot write well with it. Talent is not something given, it is something you discover and develop yourself. The Air series has something that only it can do. If you can't find it, don't take it easy for someone else to find it. Talent is also hard work."

Eider chewed those words in his mind. Although he said it because he was displeased with the disparagement of Shirone's efforts, it was a piece of advice worth more than gold to him.

"Yes. Thank you, Iruki."

Iruki raised his eyebrows and then lowered them. The way he wasn't displeased and was rather grateful was really like the youngest. He was the reason Eider had no enemies.

"Finally, movement control. Master difficulty. The response time is less than 0.8 seconds."

Shirone took a deep breath and cleared his mind. He went all out on the six items and felt dizzy for a moment, but it was nothing compared to his practical experience so far.

The evaluation teacher activated the red line certified evaluation magic, navigation.

A small sphere was born, inside which the arrow pointing in the direction was spinning like a compass that had lost its polarity.

Movement control is an item that accurately implements the movement suggested by the navigation system.

The shape, length and color of the arrow indicate direction, distance and speed, respectively, and the wizard must do it within the reaction time.

God's particle master difficulty is 0.8 seconds reaction speed. It was 0.2 seconds shorter than the photon series master difficulty of 1 second.

At the nerve level, 0.2 seconds is an enormous gap.

Nevertheless, the reason why the association set the standard is that it believes that rapid acceleration and sudden stop using mass will be possible.

"Reaction time of 0.8 seconds?"

The students looked puzzled.

Of course, the photon-type magicians differentiate time and build a series of processes in advance. Patrol, rainbow drop, etc. are applications from there.

However, movement control was not an item that moved as it came out of my head.

The navigation will suggest a completely different direction, speed, and distance than expected, and the wizard must react immediately.

In such a situation, it felt too cruel to have a reaction speed of 0.8 seconds.

'No, the association's judgment is correct.'

Shirone recalled Collie's teachings. After all, it is a standard because someone is doing it.

I heard the other day that the response speed of Etela's movement control was 0.1 second, which is called superhuman.

When you reach such a state, you can cover an area densely covered with trees simply by teleporting. Also, I heard that you can evade an attack just by weaving the upper body by feeding back the instantaneous movement in place.

Of course, Shirone, a student, cannot be comforted by the fact that a famous monk on the continent can do it.

However, the idea of ??the association was well understood.

Do not judge God Particles by the standard of the photon series.

It was an ability unique to Shirone that no one else had.

'I conquer with my skill.'

A light rose from Shirone's body like fire. The flames, which gradually grew in size, became a pair of giant wings and burned.

"I-what is that?"

The students widened their eyes. It was a magic I had never seen or heard of before.

=======================================
[391] Battle Readiness (4)





"Photonic shaping. More advanced from fractal."

Canis muttered with a nervous expression.

Making wings with light is proof that plastic surgery has transcended the realm of photons.

Shirone was already aware of incarnation.

"How far do you know?"

Harvest spoke through the mental channel.

-If it's a stage where you can use a certain magic, you should consider it ahead of us. It seems that Immortal Function wasn't the only reason he passed the cowardice.

If so, the sense of incongruity Kannis felt at the time could also be explained.

"It's clearer."

Canis turned to Arin.

"What are you talking about?"

"Shirone's wings have become clearer."

Canis tilted her head. It was not common for her to refer to the shape of a particular object.

'Come to think of it... ... .'

On Galliant Island, Arin asked if Shirone was blonde.

At the time, I didn't think much of it, but after hearing what Harvest said, I couldn't just ignore it.

"What the hell does Shirone look like? Can you explain?"

"Shirone."

"yes?"

"Shirone is Shirone. I vaguely guessed from before, but now I know, that I was watching the incarnation of Shirone."

Arin cannot analyze the shape reflected in menarche. However, the form of incarnation born from the number of the law never changes.

"It is not incarnation. Shirone is the incarnation."

That was the conclusion of Arin's mental transcendence.

"Hmm."

Canis looked back at Shirone with a serious expression.

There must be a difference between incarnation and incarnation. I couldn't imagine what the result would be when they were attached head-on.

"What do you mean your wings are sharper?"

"It was there at the time, the wings on Shirone's back."

"what?"

When we met at Galliant, Shirone didn't have the skill of wide wings. But how did he see the wings?

"Is it like a feeling?"

Arin shook his head.

"There is no feeling in the incarnation. just an incarnation But it wasn't as clear as it is now. It was placed in a transparent form as if created by the wind. But now it is colored golden."

Arin is not a foresight. That's why it was highly likely that the wing of Shirone she saw was possessed by an incarnation.

'The incarnation has wings?'

If Shirone further strengthens the power of incarnation in the future, will wings really sprout from his shoulders?

There is probably no one in the world who can give an answer to that.

Shirone bent her knees as she watched the navigation magic fixed in front of her eyes.

'one two... ... .'

The arrow finally pointed to the sky.

'three!'

At the same time, the wings of the wings flapped and the body soared.

The acceleration created by pushing the mass down at the speed of sub-light was tremendous, and everyone raised their heads in surprise.

It was the realm of intuition to check the direction, distance, and speed within 0.8 seconds and cast teleportation.

The trickiest thing is that the navigation's suggestions change during teleportation.

In the end, it is possible to judge only when the turn is over, and a loss of about 0.2 seconds occurs here.

That 0.2 second should have been the time that could be shortened with the God Particles proposed by the association.

'This is the beginning!'

Gwangik met that standard exactly.

pop!

During the teleportation, the wings flapped and the direction of the flash was bent vertically.

pop! pop! pop!

As explosive sounds exploded one after another, Shirone carried out the navigation's suggestion without error.

"Aww!"

The pressure of the gravitational acceleration due to the sudden change of direction was entirely up to Shirone.

Every time the direction was bent, the blood in the veins was concentrated to one side and the muscles were torn.

Armand's diamond armament would be able to remove the risk factor on its own, but at present he was naked.

The stronger the pressure, the more intense the flapping of the wings. Even if the body is broken, it cannot be stopped.

It was a flight to become a wizard.

"Wow, is that for real?"

The difference of 0.2 seconds was passed on to students on the ground. It was a completely different trajectory from normal teleportation.

Knowing how hard it can be to turn around while casting, they felt terrified.

"Isn't that what breaks from the sky? It must have been under several times the gravity."

"But if you can hold on, it's on a different level from teleportation."

It is different from the sense of rhythm of the movement.

As long as there was no off-beat, there was a high chance that the victim would accept it as a completely new tactic.

Numerically, it was a huge gain.

Assuming a battle of 100 turns, it meant that he could take the desired coordinates 20 seconds faster than the opponent.

Also, that was the true meaning of the 0.2 seconds currently practiced by Shirone.

'When will it end?'

The navigation system was persistently harassing Shirone as if it had the ability to think. The reverse direction is the basic, and vertical rise has been requested in succession from vertical fall.

How far have you flown?

The site of the magic school looked small enough to fit inside the circle made by fingers.

No series of movement evaluations require such a vast space. What are the alternative associations?

'No, this is right!'

Shirone believed blindly. God's particles are his own, but there will be no errors in the standards calculated by his pros.

Finally, the arrow pointed towards the magic school.

The speed suggested by the navigation is more than 300 kilometers per hour on average. The distance was 5.4 km.

'Go in in 65 seconds?'

Distance that can be reached by linking teleportation 540 times. The problem is that it cannot receive the force of acceleration because the inertia is initialized.

It wasn't a photon series from the beginning. What the association requested was the mechanics of mass, that is, a movement containing acceleration.

"Whoa!"

Shirone cut off the start with a teleportation, and from there swung the light wing at full speed. Every time the wings struck the air, the sound of a gong flew toward the school.

180 kilometers per hour. 220 kilometers per hour. 280 kilometers per hour.

At the moment of covering a distance of 2.4 kilometers, it finally exceeded 300 kilometers per hour.

However, since it suffered losses in the early stages of acceleration, it had to fly faster to meet the average speed.

"Mmmmm!"

The situation where the field of view was so narrow that only the navigation was visible was no different from the feeling of falling off a cliff.

Shirone only focused on speed. There's no way a navigation system would drive a student into a rock wall.

340 kilometers per hour.

The area of ??the light wing was doubled. The power equivalent to a photon cannon fluttered, and the acceleration soared.

440 kilometers per hour.

I heard the sound of fire burning in my eardrums. Magic school was approaching at breakneck speed.

'wait for a sec... ... '

A thought came to my mind at that moment.

Who guarantees that navigation won't send you into a rock wall?

That is just the vague expectation psychology of a person driven into a dead end, not a rational judgment.

The only reliable information is that the navigation simply points to the school's coordinates.

'I'm really going crazy!'

Shirone pulled the light wing to her body.

Acceleration is already attached as it should. However, if you lose speed, you will be eliminated. The only safety device to save life was air resistance.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

Shirone passed through the body of air, feeling a violent vibration. He knew for the first time that air was such a hard substance.

The students who found Shirone jumped up.

"Harm! Falling here is the end!"

but where can i go? Since the exact arrival point could not be predicted, only the upper body swayed left and right.

The navigation system brought out the last offer only when it arrived at the evaluation site. dot. It meant that it would be good for the gods to stop here.

"Huh!"

Shirone widened her eyes and swung her wide wings forward.

Whoa!

There was a sound that seemed to tear the eardrums. The dust from the training ground was pushed out, spreading a haze in front.

The students turned their heads and frowned as they listened to the deafening tinnitus.

But soon, with a fearful expression, he shifted his gaze to the spectacle of dust.

Imagining Shirone's corpse turned to blood, it would have been better if the dust hadn't cleared.

"Shirone?"

Maya moved on with a pale face. But her body stiffened and she could not move forward.

"Shirone! Shirone!"

Amy and her friends ran past her to the evaluation site.

flutter!

A slow, loud sound blew dust in all directions. Nade, who ate the soil, spit and spit, then looked ahead.

The Shirone floating 5 meters in the air was slowly flapping its wings as it descended to the ground.

"Shirone, are you okay?"

Shirone responded with a smile and turned her gaze to Maya. Her exhilarating ecstasy filled her as she slumped down with her relieved look on her face.

It was clearly an antinomic feeling.

"I'm okay. Let's finish the evaluation first."

When the light wing was folded and extinguished, the golden fragments spread brilliantly for an instant, then disappeared.

The assessment teacher started recording.

"Shirone, you have passed the Movement Control Master difficulty. With this, today's score is 30 points."

It fell short of Fermi's 100 points, but the heads of everyone in the senior class were bound to become complicated again.

All Masters Fermi. Even though he is not an all-master, Shirone has surpassed Fermi's capabilities.

Still, the confrontation between the two was close to ice.

'This makes it more difficult. Isn't this really going to break Fermi?'

With the exception of Fermi and the others, it was only natural that there would be conflict as they were the ones who risked life and death in this graduation exam.

Electric Monster Lichen said with cold eyes.

"This is the first time I've seen such a tough guy. Fermi, slowly... ... !"

Lichen's face froze as she turned her head.

Fermi's pupils were not normal. The right pupil was rolled up and the left pupil was pushed to the side.

It was the true monster hidden behind the mask of a businessman.

'Damn it, the only thing we can do is to commit suicide together.'

regular eaters. No matter how cool-headed he may be, the inside of him is a twisted monster.

It's unlikely, but if Fermi starts to move emotionally, he'll see a huge loss.

¡®How much do you earn per month? ... .'

I thought it might be better to just send Shirone.

"Hey, Fermi. you... ... ."

"Call an emergency meeting. All executives gather around the golden ring."

Fermi gave a brief instruction and walked away.

As if seeing a ghost whose features had disappeared, Lichen couldn't remember Fermi's face a moment ago.



* * *



The evaluation of the occupation of the high ground is approaching in two days.

Students would gather secretly for strategy meetings, and even those who hadn't decided on a team would have to make a decision by now.

As befits a mock evaluation of the graduation exam, everything from team composition to competition was autonomous.

You can point to the team you want, and if you are pointed out multiple times or not, it is decided to draw a marble.

Until now, the only team with all members revealed was the Shirone team.

On the other hand, the screamer team was still shrouded in mystery. At least, that was the case for the Shirone team.

'Are you going to be in the music room today?'

Shirone entered the graduating class building. At the request of Iruki, he was the one who went to find Maya earlier than the scheduled time for the strategy meeting.

As expected, the sound of singing came from the music room, and the feelings of the day when the sunset was setting came to mind and my heart started to beat.

As I slowly opened the door and entered, Maya turned her head with a bright smile.

"Oh, Shirone! What are you doing here? We were supposed to meet later."

Shirone felt like he didn't even know. Even though she felt a sense of distance, she was more friendly than anyone else at times like this.

"Iruki asked if I could do it a little faster. He said he remembered the custom strategy of the screamer team."

"Oh, I see. Where would you like to see it?"

After closing the piano, Maya stood up and walked past Shirone to the door. She smelled like milk from her, like her child.

=======================================
[392] Battle Readiness (5)





Shirone did not look back. No matter how much I thought about it, I couldn't figure out why she was doing this.

"Maya."

"Can we have a meeting while eating delicious food? I have wanted to do it for a long time."

"Maya."

At the second call, Maya turned around.

"yes?"

Shirone shut his mouth.

As soon as our eyes met, it felt like the words in my head were running away in all directions. I can't say anything that isn't clear. The problem was that it wasn't clear.

"If you're fighting the screamers because of us, you don't have to. I think I'm worried these days."

I thought it was cowardly to borrow Iruki's words, but if it was solved with this, there would be no need to argue.

"Ah, no. It's a full evaluation anyway. Rather, I feel sorry for being a burden."

The moment Maya turned the doorknob and was about to leave, Shirone realized she couldn't stand it any longer.

"Then why are you doing that?"

Despite Shirone's voice rising, Maya wasn't surprised. She just smiled awkwardly and scratched her cheek as usual.

"No matter how much I think about it, I don't know. Why are you avoiding me these days? I mean, I can feel it."

"I... ... Did you do anything wrong?"

"It's not like that."

"Then why should I be nice to you?"

The steps that were approaching Maya stopped. Her sharp blade seemed to pierce her chest with a hook.

"What do you want from me? What would you like me to do? Do I always have to smile while looking only at you?"

Shirone couldn't figure out why Maya was doing this. If there is any misunderstanding, please clear it up. But this was not a misunderstanding.

"The way you treat me is your freedom, but... ... ."

Maya smiled bitterly. Amy's words about dying inside seemed a little understandable. But she had no intention of reversing her reply that day she had told her of her.

"Then Shirone, can you love me?"

Shirone's face hardened.

At the expected reaction, Maya lowered her gaze with sad eyes.

It was the same with her who kept in her heart the wind that blew in the music room that day.

'Shirone, I'm different from Amy. Not cool, not strong. If I can't hold you, every day will be like hell. only you will think If you can't love me, you have to end it here. I just have to let it flow.'

Shirone's trembling eyes gradually subsided. Her face, which had been astonished like a rabbit, became calm.

Maya prepared her heart. Even so, the anticipation that I couldn't help it made my heart beat.

What will Shirone answer?

I love you? Actually, did I like you too?

All sorts of exciting words came to her mind, but she already knew the outcome.

sorry.

I already felt terrible. You won't be able to get out of your hair for a while. You will spend the night in tears.

'But that's it. It ends here.'

Having finished her resolution, Maya raised her head. However, the moment I saw Shirone with a determined look, my heart dropped without a doubt.

"Maya, I... ... ."

"Ah, hahahaha!"

Shirone's face turned into an embarrassment. She seemed really funny, even shedding her tears, and Maya came over, wiping the area under her eyes with her index finger.

"Just kidding, kidding! Ugh, naive."

"Are you kidding?"

"It was like that at the graduation ceremony, and it is like that again. If you keep appearing like this, will it reach Amy?"

Shirone was at a loss. It felt like standing in the middle of an unreal world.

"But you haven't been talking lately... ... ."

"Ah, my head was so complicated that I didn't have time to think about anything else. I have high expectations at home and my grades keep dropping. sorry. never in the future! I won't pretend like I don't know."

Shirone's pulse went numb. I felt that I had to organize my thoughts, but Maya didn't give me a second to spare.

"now! let's hurry! I'll wait for Iruki. Occupy the Highlands! Are you sure you will win?"

"yes? Uh, that's how it should be."

Maya pushed Shirone on the back and left the music room. Her face crossed her threshold, her eyes clenched shut with her molars bitten.

'Haa, I came in and threw it away. What should I do now?'

It felt like crossing the threshold of hell.



* * *



In the mountains northeast of Alpheas Magic School, there is a cave that goes down 20 meters underground.

And if you go through the complex labyrinth again, you will find a golden ring with Fermi as the chairman.

It was a spacious and splendid room that could be considered a mansion.

All kinds of delicacies were cooked on the table, and a waiter in a tuxedo carried wine and filled empty glasses.

In the center, beautiful dancers are dancing, and the performance of seven musicians is laid out calmly.

The number of top-notch employees residing at Geumhwaryun is 40.

Labor costs alone exceeded 700 gold per day, and all of this was a space reserved for 5 members.

Fermi sat on the sofa and enjoyed a glass of wine. On the carpet, a tiger with white fur was sleeping on a leash.

On the four sofas placed on the left and right with him at the center, members of the so-called Fermi Party were sitting.

"Finally, the monthly profit exceeded 7 million gold. Breaking 10 million is also within sight."

It wasn't a tangible amount at the student level, but Fermi was just plain bored.

The quick-witted members kept their mouths shut. On a day like today when an emergency meeting is called, you will have to cover your words.

"Aryan Shirone... ... ."

When Fermi opened fire, the members began to speak prepared words as if they had been waiting.

"Do I need to care? I'll have to step on it someday, but why don't you focus more on business?"

"I think the same. I'm a kid who doesn't know the world. Can't we just graduate and throw it away?"

You can't tear down a house just to catch a fly.

Nor was there any guarantee that such a thing would not happen, given that Fermi had shown his emotions.

"That's why you shouldn't let it go any further."

"Fermi, aren't you stressed out? Provocations can be ignored."

"Provocation can be ignored. But it's a risk. The danger of the continuation of the Golden Ring."

They followed whatever Fermi said, but they couldn't sympathize with the classification of Shirone as a risk factor.

"Of course, Shirone is a great rookie. But you know what? we are pro Not only because of the money, but also because of the skills. I have enough control in the graduation exam."

Fermi twirled his wine glass with cold eyes.

"Do you know why I can't make a lot of money? It's because you don't know that the problem you're facing has been going on for a long time. Or even knowing it and ignoring it. A risk today becomes an unmanageable risk in the future. If we don't prepare from now on, there will be no solution when it comes."

Members were silent. Again, Fermi is right.

"From now on, Shirone categorizes the Ring of Gold as the highest level of threat. I'll do the analysis right. I heard you're going against the screamer, what about their teammates?"

Sona's Hercy reported the wiretapping results.

"Screamer, Pony, Luman, Suabi, and Eider. The team was completed yesterday."

"Hmm, Luman Suabira. It's a 2-utility, magician's killer combination."

As expected, it was a team formed by mobilizing all the networks of screamers. It's surprising that Dorothy was left out, but it's likely that she rejected her. Because she is an incredibly sharp woman.

"As much as your pride is strong, you must want to prove it. It will be completely different from strategy tactics. It's not easy even for Shirone to defeat a team of screamers with Maya."

If it's not a teamwork-oriented confrontation like the annihilation mission, the bookmaker's deadly strategy is quite powerful.

In the strategic tactical situation, Joe Shirone annihilated more than 300 monsters in 3 minutes and 28 seconds, but Joe Screamer killed more than 150 monsters by himself.

Extremely strengthens one person and causes balance collapse.

This strategy will shine even more in a five-on-five matchup, and Shirone's team must establish a perfect balance to win. In such a situation, Maya's existence could not be poison.

"That is not enough. I'm going to take this opportunity to find out all the strengths of Shirone. It scrapes away even what is hidden inside."

"What are you going to do? Anyway, the overall evaluation has a high score, so the participants are also doing their best. The screamer team is fully prepared."

Fermi tapped the sofa a couple of times. A bluish aura shuddered from his body, and black things under his raised hand made a gurgling noise and quickly bounced back and forth.

Transactions in out-of-regulation-depreciation.

Ting! A casino chip spun and bounced with a noise.

Catching the vertically falling chip horizontally, Fermi threw it back at Hercy.

A whirlpool was drawn in the center of the chip, and the border was a pattern of alternating black and white.

"This... ... ."

Hersy looked at Fermi in surprise.

It was a fairly rare chip for this kind of use. Even when converted to market value, it was over 400,000 gold.

'You're serious, Fermi.'

Shirone will surely become the main enemy of the future. It was a chip that could never come out without being so sure.

"Take a deal with it. The terms of the contract are that Shirone do his best in occupying the hill. If you scratch it lightly, it will reveal its true color."

"okay. Anything else to say?"

After thinking for a moment, the corners of Fermi's lips parted viciously.

"Don't think about taking care of yourself and tell them to do it hotly."

Capture the Highlands (1)





It was the day when the highland occupation evaluation was conducted.

After 30 students gathered at the training ground, the first thing they looked at was the members of the opposing team.

Shirone also confirmed the Screamer team.

Pony is a strategic alliance with the screamer, and Suabi and Luman are key factors in the bookie's deadly strategy. Lastly, it seemed like they had built a solid team by including reliable Eider.

With six teams gathered, the evaluation teacher explained.

"Today is the occupation of the high ground. The opposing team already knows. Six teams compete simultaneously, and there is no time limit. The first team to score 5 points wins, earning 20 points each, and the losing team deducts 20 points. The location of the confrontation is the main battleground for the capture of Hill No. 2,000."

Shirone surveyed the battlefield.

It was rectangular in shape, 200 meters long and 50 meters wide, and surrounded by a glass wall 20 meters high. Inside, on both sides of the camp, a hill 10 meters high was erected, and a flag was planted in the middle.

It was conducted in a round system, and the moment the flag was pulled, the 2,000 rounds ended for a while and the rule was to move on to the next round.

"For the deepening of strategic tactics, space movement is prohibited. Also, the flight height is limited to 20 meters of the barrier, and if you go above that, you will be disqualified. If you touch the flag, you cannot use any magic through its own magic control device. Go back later and don't whine and make sure to remember it."

Since you are defenseless while holding the flag, you are more likely to be attacked by the enemy.

Therefore, in order to draw the flag, it was important that at least two people occupy the hill and play cooperatively.

The teacher's explanation continued.

Upon entering the arena, the formations of both teams are divided based on the central 100-meter line.

There were four positions: forward, winger, linker and guard.

The forward is a role that starts at the front of the friendly camp, 10 meters from the center line, and rushes toward the opposing team's flag.

The wingers move along the left and right lines, usually starting 20 meters more defensively than the forwards. However, there were many cases where the movement speed was faster because the defense was relatively less attached.

The linker starts at 50 meters from the center line and is responsible for balancing offense and defense.

In other words, depending on the opponent's strategy, you can help one wing or rush with a forward. It was a multi-player that even retreated to the flag and blocked the opponent with a guard.

Finally, a guard guards the flag on the hill. Even if the opposing forward penetrated, he could not cast magic while holding the flag, so it was a defensive position that could be defended.

=======================================
[393] Highland Capture (2)





Shirone's team decided on a position last night.

Shirone, who has excellent movement, is in charge of the forward, and Nade and Iruki are the left and right wingers.

The multi-talented Amy was a linker, and Maya, who had weak attack power, was naturally a guard.

In the Screamer team, the Screamer, the main character of Bookmaker's ultimate, was the forward.

Luman (crowd control) and Pony (water power) were the left and right wingers, Suabi (utility) was the linker, and Eider was the guard.

The two teams didn't even look at each other's eyes. Whatever their relationship was, they were just competitors now.

From there, the screamer raised his chin and approached Shirone. He was the one who knew the importance of early fights.

"Hey, are you ready? Prepare to be smashed."

After the survival test, Shirone's stock price jumped even more, and the more excited it was, the more excited Screamer was.

Teams with Maya have the worst balance. Defeating Shirone in this showdown could have cemented her position in the senior class.

"I'll be nervous, there's a hole in the team."

"Aren't you ashamed that the biggest hole said that?"

To Shirone, Maya was no longer just a senior classmate. She couldn't forgive the screamer for insulting her.

"Geuk, I'll finish it with a score of 5 to 0. Look forward to it."

Following the evaluation teacher's call, the six teams moved to the designated battlefield.

Arin, who was following Canis, suddenly remembered something and looked back at the screamer team.

"... ... ."

A huge snake arrogantly coiled around.

It was always a grotesque menarche, but today it was worse.

"Canis, wouldn't it be nice to tell Shirone?"

"it's okay. Shirone is definitely a senior competitor. It's not like he's allied with us."

Arin didn't ask twice. She also had no energy to worry about others as long as she was risking her life and death to occupy the high ground.

Crossing the battlefield threshold, Canis added a word.

"Because I'm not the kind of person who will be taken lightly."



* * *



Team Shirone and Team Screamer entered the second arena and briefly checked their strategies in their respective camps. If the screamer team thought the most difficult, it was, of course, ataraxia.

"Listen. When Shirone uses the magic circle that defeated Dante, it is always a charge. You just need to stop Shirone. The casting time seems to take more than a minute anyway, so we have a chance."

Pony asked.

"What if it fails? If you come out as the Guardian Force over there, you might get hit the other way, right?"

The Guardian Force is an extreme form of defense in which all members protect the flag, and it was the first tactic that Shirone could choose when casting Ataraxia.

"In that case, retreat unconditionally. Dig a bunker on a hill and hide. If it's Luman's crowd control, it'll be in an instant."

Eider said.

"So, in the end, it's like giving 1 point to start?"

"It doesn't matter if I give you one point. I even fainted after writing it once. You can't use giant magic every round. On the contrary, we benefit from reducing Shirone's mental strength."

Even if the power was strong, if it took 1 minute to cast, the number of ways to respond to it varied. If possible, I would hang up, but if it wasn't possible, it was enough to hide.

"now! 20 points are eaten raw. It's a team that came together for that. Like I said, let's destroy the first fighter."

The screamer team put their hands together and shouted "fighting".

In the meantime, the Shirone team was also finishing its inspection. Iruki called everyone together and spoke in a low voice.

"You will have to use Ataraxia while monitoring the situation. They're going to forfeit the utility to the screamer anyway. We better take the early lead with the Sidewinder."

The sidewinder was a strategy in which the wingers hit both lines wide and ran, putting pressure on the enemy team trying to concentrate on the center line.

When the announcement voice announcing the start of the first round was heard, the 10 people dispersed to their respective locations through space movement. Of course, if the 2,000th system was activated, space movement was disqualified.

Shirone waited 10 meters from the center line.

The battlefield map was symmetrical and various cover was erected so that the faces of the team members could not be seen. All Shirone could see was a screamer facing him 20 meters in front.

Wearing a tight-fitting tracksuit and warming up, he was moving his feet quickly and slowly relaxing them. His tension could not be found in the calmly relaxing appearance.

'Iruki will bump into Luman and Nade will collide with Pony. Then shall I enter the Iruki line?'

The numbers are equal at 5 to 5, but depending on strategy and tactics, partial 1-to-2 and 1-to-3 compositions will occur nonstop. The key was to lead local warfare to an advantage through selection and concentration.



-10 seconds left until the start of round 1.



The lights on the battlefield came on and the sound of engines could be heard.

Two thousand times the light on the bracelet came on, and the screamer stepped lightly and turned his body diagonally. Then, as I quickly moved my feet back and forth in place, it seemed as if I was floating in the air.

"great! Let's play properly!"

4 seconds. 3 seconds. As the count dropped, the screamer's legs moved faster.

From a distance, it seemed like they were trembling, but Shirone, watching from a distance of 20 meters, fluffed up at the speed of the schema.

Can human legs move that fast? Like a strongly pressed steel spring, it had the momentum to spring out immediately.

"Oohhh! Oooooooo!"

The screamer's limbs shook, his body blurring. At the same time, the 2,000th system was activated, and all power went into the spirit zone.



-Start Round 1 of Hill Occupation.



pop! Puffup! pop! pop!

Colorful fireworks exploded above the screamer's head. 20 types of Suabi's utility magic combat packages, such as muscle strength, agility, nervous system, concentration, and muscle endurance, were being inserted without mercy.

The high-speed force, which can be said to be a utility wizard's long-term ability, made the screamer's movement even faster. The moment his limbs reached the level of being invisible, a ripping groan erupted from his mouth.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"



Screamer Martial Arts - Biryonggak.



Stretching out his arms to the left and right as if his shoulders were about to fall off, the screamer flew with his right leg outstretched like a gun barrel.

'Spear to spear?'

A tactic that presses the entire line by attacking the opposing forward.

Seeing the screamer flying like a giant archery weapon, Shirone reflexively cast magic.

'Broad!'

At the same time as the curtain of light pulsed, the screamer's flesh bullet pierced the mass barrier and hit Shirone.

"Keugh!"

Cirone, who covered her chest with both hands, flew over 5 meters and fell to the ground.

Even though he had killed his strength with a wide blow, the impact penetrated his stomach and choked his breath.

'This is the bookmaker's deadly strategy.'

A creature's strength cannot be analyzed by the sum of its numbers.

Just as strength increases and speed increases, each of the 20 buffs coordinated to create a synergistic effect that transcended numerical values.

Puffup! Boom! Pupperpuppung!

Suabi applied consecutive buffs. The average duration of her active buffs is 2 seconds. The key was to rotate 20 species at the correct timing.

Amy stopped Shirone. In spear-to-spear, it was standard for linkers to back up the center line.

"Come on, come on, come on!"

The sight of the screamer flying on the teleport was terrifying. Every time the flash exploded, the posture was different, like a spinning wheel.

"Come! Come!"

The frame of the process was omitted in the action of the screamer who quickly cuts off his fist. Her side kick with her weight on her back knocked her out of her defensive stance.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The screamer clenched his fists and trembled. His upper body, with his top ripped open, shuddered, exposing small muscles.

As soon as the center line was pierced, the screamer jumped into the high ground without any hesitation. Maya took the offensive, but before he could even cast his spell, he was thrown into the arms of the screamer with his arm bent behind him.

"Hey, let go of this!"

"Cheuk, why? Are you new to these muscles? To be ashamed."

The screamer grabbed the flag. The Spirit Zone disappeared, but there was no problem in overpowering Maya because of the schema.

As the pole was pulled out, the 2,000 times system went down.



- End of Round 1. Round 2 begins in 5 minutes.



Coming down the hill, the screamer planted a flag at the bottom of the hill and shouted at Team Shirone.

"Hey, isn't that too easy? How can a guard be so weak that it can properly defend the flag?"

The bookmaker's killer strategy was much stronger than Shirone expected. The skill of the screamer is also excellent, but Suabi was a problem.

A skilled person who can replace 20 types of batteries at high speed. He had a hard time getting her win without cutting her off.

Shirone looked back at Maya. She was the key figure that could be put up as a counter to the bookmaker's deadly strategy.

Maya nodded vigorously. Although the situation with her in the spotlight on the team was burdensome for her, she was the one who would do anything for Shirone.

'I'll do my best, Shirone!'

Round 2 started, and the screamer pushed again spear-to-spear.

As Shirone retreated to the friendly camp, his confidence rose even more. Isn't Shirone of the world also afraid of himself?

"ha ha ha! There is no ambition... ... !"

Aaaaaaaaaa!

The screamer's steps stumbled. When Maya's sonic magic exploded, it felt like an earthquake had occurred in my head.

"Huh!"

Suabi frowned.

The Rhythm of Death sung by Maya is a magic that breaks the enemy's concentration. However, she couldn't produce such power with her skills that only stayed at the 2nd stage of her main skill.

'Isn't the voice different?'

Contrary to how she had used vocal skills so far, Maya was performing a death rhyme as if singing a song. Although his radius is short, the increase in violence was truly enormous.

The power of a screamer that does not receive a buff has significantly weakened. The Shirone team, which pulled the line in the beginning, defended firmly.

As the confrontation escalated into a melee, the screamers returned to their friendly camp.

Maya's amplifying power is great, but the radius isn't that wide, so I thought of cutting off Shirone from the friendly camp.

"Suabi! buff!"

After crossing the center line, Suabi's buff came back.

As the angle force strengthened, the screamer sprang out with tremendous acceleration.

The back of Shirone, who was breaking through 60 meters behind enemy lines, quickly approached.

"Kyaaaaaa!"

Screamer hit with the Biryongkak and went in.

Amy shouted, twisting her back and spilling the screamer.

"Shirone! back!"

"It's already too late!"

At that moment, Shirone's body glowed pale and spread out in eight directions as if exploding.

Santan movement!

"Gagging!"

The moment a flash of light hit the abdomen, an anti-magic of immense strength came in. It was a shock that even Schema's strength-enhancing build couldn't handle.

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!

Photon cannons were sprayed all over the battlefield whenever the shotgun movement struck.

It's not just a moving skill. It was a powerful crowd control that tore through the display of the screamer team.

"Keugh!"

Eider managed to avoid the rain of photon cannons. As Amy backed up and cut off the path to her flag, Shirone was able to effortlessly grab onto the pole and pull it out.



-End of Round 2. Round 3 begins in 5 minutes.



At the end of the round, it is standard to leave the flag in its original place, but Shirone carried it and came down the hill. Then, after planting it in front of the screamer's feet, he sneered and returned to the friendly camp through space movement.

"That child... ... !"

The shotgun movement, equipped with movement, attack, and crowd control skills at the same time, was magic that was impossible except for Shirone.

'what? Particles of God?'

Are there only gods and no demons in the world of magic? What the hell are you doing without catching a guy like that?

Pony approached, looking at the high ground of Shirone's team.

"Don't get excited. How did it go anyways? Isn't Maya's sonic magic too strong?"

The loss of the second round was there. However, he had no idea why he amplified his magic in such a short period of time as a screamer.

Seeing Maya laughing among her colleagues reminded her of the strategy and tactics, and her tantrum flared up even more.

'Damn it! What the hell did you do? That talentless kid... ... .'

The atmosphere of the Shirone team was friendly. It was as if the counter of the bookie's deadly strategy worked properly.

"Maya! it was really cool! You won this round."

"I just did as I was told... ... ."

Iruki's advice to eliminate vocal techniques was right. Since she was a Maya with a natural talent for singing, it was a strategy that abandoned omniscience and greatly strengthened her omnipotence.

Of course, there are limitations to this approach.

The reason why sound wizards learn vocal music is that they are most specialized in handling the voice technically. In the end, fighting only with omnipotence is said to work only at the student level.

However, Maya gladly accepted Iruki's offer.

It was because he wanted to bring victory to those who fought screamers for him.

Shirone's team was not a one-man team.

=======================================
[394] Highland Capture (3)





From the 3rd round, the screamer team withdrew their spear-to-spear tactics and used advanced strategies. Winger Pony crossed over to the center line and was running with Suabi.

'I put on a shift. As expected, it's not easy.'

If there are 3 people in the center line, the left line is discarded.

As expected, Luman completely retreated to the hill and covered all three lines.

Upon entering the radius of the Rhythm of Death, Suabi's concentration was disturbed. Then Pony cast a spell.

refresh.

As a sense of refreshment flooded Suabi's mind, the effect of the Rhythm of Death disappeared completely.

It has no physical defense, but it is the best rare magic that blocks most crowd control.

It wasn't an exaggeration to say that refreshing alone was enough to make it worth including a water magician in the party.

"ha ha ha! how is it? Can this be stopped?"

Equipped with a combat package, the screamer turned back into an armed force and swept across the battlefield.

Maya kept her magic to the end. He couldn't cut Suabi, but he was doing more than a guard just by tying Pony's presence to one refresh.

'As expected, Suabi is the key. It was like that last year too... ... That kid is really amazing too.'

The duration of the 20 combat packages' buffs is different, so the duration of the buff for sight-enhancing buff is 1.13 seconds and the duration of the buff for strengthening muscular endurance is 1.78 seconds.

At first, they walk in order, but after about 20 cycles, the buff with a short duration cycles 1-2 more cycles, intervening in the middle.

Moreover, it was not nonsense that it was a series that required the most concentration among wizards, as it had to calculate the time spent on rotation.

'Tick tock tick tock. Tok. Tactic Tick. Tactic tick.'

Therefore, utility wizards use a unique technique called cross force, unlike normal force.

That is, after placing the cross-shaped intersection and mounting the battery in the center, the reserved batteries are collided toward the center from four directions.

The reason why the 20 types of buff cycles can be turned at the correct time is thanks to the unique rhythm called 'tick toc tak tick'.

'Tick' when hitting in the vertical direction, 'Tok' when hitting in the horizontal direction, and 'Tak' when hitting again in the same direction are set to feel the error of 0.several seconds as a rhythm.

'Tick tick tick tick tock tick tick tick tock tick tick tock.'

puff. boom boom. Boom. puffer puffer.

Iruki carefully watched the explosion effect above the screamer's head in a unique rhythm.

'0.11 seconds. 0.23 seconds. 0.38 seconds. 0.49 seconds... ... .'

It's a really machine-accurate cycle. The speed at which the battery is replaced at high speed is also worthy of applause.

'I'll end it here.'

However, that too was just a phenomenon occurring within Iruki's Servant Calculation.

cancellation.

As the screamer's strength-enhancing buff was cancelled, Suabi, who was maintaining a tick tock tick tick, frowned.

Then, as the sight-enhancing and flexibility-enhancing buffs disappeared, the rhythm of the Cross Force began to get tangled.

'No matter how fast a Servant is, it's against the rules.'

The reason cancellation is a difficult spell is that the vector amount of the spell must be reversed perfectly.

But that, too, was a different matter from reading the passing battery at a rate of four times per second.

In a word, even while analyzing the amount of battery and vector of omnipotence without a single error, Iruki thought faster than Suabi.

"What is it, Suabi!"

The screamer looked back and shouted. She had never made mistakes in the Force, so her current situation was unacceptable.

"Where are you looking during the match?"

The screamer hurriedly turned his head. As both of Nade's hands were pushed, the lightning shock exploded.

"Keugh! This bastard!"

The screamer's body went into a stun state.

"what? A pig-picking sound?"

Nade raised his fist in place of Shirone.

"Cry out with a pig-picking sound!"

The head of the screamer who was hit in the jaw with a straight turn turned to the side as if it would break.



Meanwhile, in the camp of the screamer team, Luman was doing his best to stop Shirone and Amy.

Blinds, slow traps, air presses, and various other crowd control techniques are killing time, but these forward link combinations really suck.

"damn! Damn Hong'an!"

Amy's red eyes are the nemesis of crowd control.

No matter what crowd control came in, it was impossible to control because the self-image memory reset the mind.

'I can't. Let's cut Shirone.'

Shirone's durability was also formidable, but at least it was more likely to get caught in crowd control than the red face.

'The subject that is uglier than me is popular.'

Luhmann is driven by personal feelings. Because he believes he is the best.

To him, who thought he was handsome if he lost weight, Shirone was definitely a political opponent worth punishing.

"You must have even kissed Amy!"

"What are you talking about, you idiot!"

As Luhmann's mountain range exploded, a huge barrier reaching a height of 10 meters separated the two.

'Amy has been removed, air fresh here!'

As the strong atmospheric pressure pressed down, Shirone stopped moving. Aiming for that gap, Luman kicked off the ground and flew.

After bypassing the barrier, Amy widened her eyes.

Luman's stomach, which was bent like a bow, was pushed out, exposing his belly button. The molars clenched hard, crumpling her face with all her might.

"Shirone! Harm!"

It was clear that Luhman's long-term skill was the Spirit Hammer.

A non-attribute anti-magic type of crowd control that causes spirit zones to collide and stun.

It is often compared to a headbutting technique, but the spirit hammer was also possible because the victim received the impact energy as well.

'Shirone and what, I'll smash it!'

Luman intended to strike down with all his might.

As proven in the survival test, it is no exaggeration to say that Shirone's durability is the strongest in the graduating class. However, the stronger the Spirit Hammer strikes, the greater the impact on the affected side.

Staking the pride of a crowd control wizard, embracing the pride of the most handsome graduating class, destroying Shirone in one shot.

"Goaaaaaaaa!"

Seeing the hideous figure of Luman, Shirone instinctively equipped herself with a mental state of defense. At the same time as Spirit Zone changed to a defensive type, Ruman bounced his stomach and swung his forehead.

Whoa!

"Aww!"

Shirone frowned and stepped back.

It wasn't actually a blow to the head, but it felt like someone had hit the skull with a hammer.

"Shirone! It's fine?"

Amy hurriedly came running. Even from a distance, the Spirit Hammer entered properly.

'But why is there no follow-up?'

When Amy turned her head, Luman was standing there with a sigh. Then, suddenly, her nose bleeds and she struggles through her sluggish body and hits her buttock.

Sitting with both arms on the ground, Luman's eyes were completely open.

Although the anti-magic system was originally a seesaw game, the spirit hammer was a magic that the attacker had an unconditional advantage.

Even so, when he cast the Spirit Hammer, it was a shock enough to blow his mind away.

Is this what it feels like to have your head in an adamantine stone?

'Oh, Mr.... ... ! What are you going to do if you're this hard?'

After attacking, he was stunned in reverse, so he didn't even have the strength to stand up. By the end of the third round, it seemed that his spirit would begin to recover.

"Now! let's go!"

Shirone ran up the hill past Luman.

Amy, who was looking at the friendly camp, was also beaten by Nade, and after confirming that the screamer's jaw was spinning, she followed.

Eider struggled by firing an air gun, but was forced to retreat outside the range due to Shirone's wide range.

Meanwhile, Amy drew the flag.



- End of round 3. Round 4 begins in 5 minutes.



Everyone's movements stopped and the tension was released.

However, there was still life in the eyes of the screamer.

Although he had a lot of temper after entering magic school, he couldn't handle the shame of being punched by a wizard.

"Are you crazy? How dare you hit me?"

Nade said with a snort.

"Why? can you do anything If you did the right thing, it's right, do you get angry with that?"

The screamer suddenly closed the gap and thrust his face in.

"yes? Shall we hang out outside? If you're a wizard, use magic. Don't even think about punching me in front of me."

Nade kept his mouth shut.

The fight between the winner and the loser couldn't excite him. If it is a fight in which one person must die, can he be provoked so easily even then?

"huh! You coward!"

When the screamer returned, Nade looked back at his friends with a bright expression on his face as if he had never done that.

"Cheer up! reverse! We'll keep going like this!"

Shirone asked.

"what's the matter? What did the screamer say?"

"yes? i don't know, i forgot Anyway Maya! How was I?"

Maya figured out why Nade hit the screamer. It was a blow to her on behalf of her party to her confrontation.

"yes! I felt relieved! Thanks, Nade."

It must have been bothering me that I had kept my distance lately.

Actually, I was cold because of Shirone, but I felt sorry and thankful that they thought that way.

"I'm glad Maya is here. Even though it's a guard, it applies a debuff, so even the enemies are wandering around."

"lol! I will work hard for the next round too!"

Nade and Iruki looked back at each other as Maya's face turned red. It was a 180 degree change from a few days ago.

'I was praised by Shirone... ... .'

Maya didn't want to hide her feelings any longer.

There was a chance to stop. But she was willing to jump into hell. If so, wouldn't it be okay to enjoy at least this trivial pleasure?

Meanwhile, Screamer frowned at Luman sitting there like a defeated soldier.

It is said that he hit Shirone with a spirit hammer and became like this. No matter how much he lived for his own taste, he couldn't help but make an absurd judgment.

"Why did you do that? You know Shirone's durability, right?"

"Then what about Hong An? Pour water into the bottomless jar. Wouldn't it be better to break Shirone? Aww, but that guy really has a stone head. I am dying of pain."

The screamer let out a sigh.

"How are you anyway? Will you recover?"

said Pony.

"I put the refresh on. But until the next round, I think I'll have to buy myself."

Ruman turned to Pony and said.

"Don't do that, and rub your hair. It still throbs."

A vein rose from Pony's temple.

How dare you give yourself a massage as a member of the royal family.

In particular, Ruhman was the most hated man in the senior class, except for Fermi and his friends.

'You can't hurt teamwork. I don't want to hear that you lost because of me.'

Enduring the thought of killing people three times, Pony rubbed her hair behind Luman's back.

A thick moan escaped Luman's mouth whenever his thin fingers tickled his head.

"Aww, that's cool. Screamer anyway. After this confrontation, I will introduce you to a pretty woman, right?"

Pony's fingers tightened even more. I couldn't understand Luhmann's way of thinking, using life-threatening evaluations for personal use.

But after all, it was a magical world.

Luman also knows his personality. If he had skills, no matter how eccentric he was, it was the kind of wizards who would be recognized.

"To be precise, if you win. So please recover as soon as possible. What's the shame if you lose?"

"huh! Just charge it up this round. Then go straight to 5 and you're done."

At present, Luhmann's strategy was the most realistic. Besides, it was clear that the Shirone team would save themselves in this round at least because of Maya.

The guard position had nothing to do except defense, but Maya had already been casting magic nonstop for the 3rd round to interfere with Suabi.

'Because the basic skills are low, I must have been exhausted.'

said the screamer, who made the decision.

"Okay, let's take some time. But that doesn't mean giving up the round. When the opportunity arises, let's hit it right away and run."

=======================================
[395] Highland Capture (4)





The 4th round went to the Shirone team. The shotgun movement was a strategic weapon, and Iruki's cancellation completely blocked Suabi.

The score so far is 3 to 1.

It was the superiority of the Shirone team, and it seemed that the current trend would continue as long as there were no other variables.

"what? Are we only done with round 4?"

The students came out of the 3rd battlefield. Kanis and Arin also joined their group.

The opponent team was the Fermi team, and the result was a 1-5 victory for the Fermi team.

It was a disappointing result for Canis and Arin, but this kind of evaluation was a part that they had to endure if they wanted to stick to their personalities that extremely dislike cooperation with others.

In addition, if the Fermi team was the opponent, even if they had the best team, the result could not be guaranteed, so the faces of the two did not show any sign of discouragement.

Fermi checked the scores of the Shirone team and the Screamer team from a seat overlooking the side of the 2nd arena.

"Hmm, 3 to 1."

"The Shirone team performed better than expected. According to the initial calculation, it looked like a close match."

Fermi had a similar idea. However, it was only a probabilistic problem, and the possibility of other variables occurring was always open.

"Insights that create variables. that's Shirone If I get just one more point, it will most likely end with this."

Saying that, Fermi looked at the screamer team.

'Of course, it's never going to end like this.'

The corners of Fermi's mouth parted viciously.



* * *



The 4th round was over, but Suabi was still watching Iruki from the side of the Shirone team.

'Mercodyne Iruki... ... .'

If it weren't for the highest level of overpowered magic called Cancellation, which is used by Servant Syndrome, no one would have frustrated her so much at the student level.

Iruki, with his hands behind his back, calmly accepted Suabi's gaze.

'It seems very unfortunate.'

I didn't want to do anything provocative. In terms of calculation speed anyway, everyone in the graduating class was under his feet.

To defeat a Servant, you need intuition, not calculation. That level of intuition is high enough to be placed on the same level as that of a Servant.

"Suabi, let's go."

At the screamer's call, Suabi finally turned around.

A fire burned inside. I know that there are many strong people in my senior class, but I also failed the graduation test last year. But the disabling of the major itself was a completely different kind of misery.

The screamer gathered his teammates and said.

"Let's unite. I will break through the central line in the shortest distance. Pony is going to be aggressive from now on too. If even this round is taken away, a comeback is almost impossible."

If the score is 4 to 1, defeat is almost certain. This is because Shirone's team always has Ataraxia, which is guaranteed to score one point.

"no. Pony keeps on refreshing."

Suabi took off her glasses and said.

"I'll do it right this time."

The screamer's head tilted.

They've known each other for over a year, but it was the first time that Suabi had shown such a determined attitude, except for the graduation exam.

'Hmm, is this completely pissed off?'

There was nothing bad about the bookmaker, the screamer. I couldn't even guess the cancellation law, but Su Abi, who was involved in the cancellation, said it was okay, so it was good to trust him.

"Okay, let's assume this round is over. I will show you when I saw it properly."

At the beginning of the 5th round, the scrimmers team all gathered on the center line, excluding the guards.

It was a rush and rush tactic with a high come-from-behind win rate.

As soon as the combat package entered the screamer, Iruki twitched his eyes and fired a breakaway spirit zone.

'If it's a cancellation anyway... ... .'

Pupperpuppung! Puff puff puff puff!

At that time, the buff effect exploded in succession. Combat packages were being sent to all team members except for the guard.

Iruki blinked in embarrassment, but Suabi gritted her teeth even more and glared at him.

'How can I do this?'

The number of batteries reserved in my head is 137. That was the cumulative number in a situation where 8 were being consumed per second.

'Tiki-tock-tick-tock-tock-tock-tick-tock-tick-tock-tick-tock-tick-tock!'

Whenever the unique sense of rhythm struck my brain, the batteries in my head bounced in all directions.

"ha ha ha! Good! This is it!"

The screamer, full of brute force, jumped into the center of Shirone's team without hesitation and hit all four of them. And, just like in the first round, he took a bold finishing stance.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The morale of the screamer team skyrocketed. As soon as Suabi's will was felt, the wingers also began to take out the cards they had saved.

'All I have to do is quit Shirone.'

Luman thought as he raised his hands slowly as if he were drawing energy from the soles of his feet.

'Everyone hates me.'

But he didn't care.

For humans, harmony is only the next best thing out of fear of mistrust. If you can control it, you don't care about other people's feelings.

'Yes, I am the number one (self-proclaimed) crowd control.'

Luman's cheeks trembled and the whites of his lips were exposed, and the corners of his mouth went up to the bottom of his ears.

"I am the king of the battlefield!"

The secret weapon 'Spiral Hunter' has been revealed.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

The ground swirling around in a spiral became soft like mud and dragged Shirone down. And again, it turned into a rock, biting hard on his waist and not letting go.

"Now!"

As the screamer charged, Suabi's concentration jumped to a record high.

Numerous batteries blew through my head like a windstorm.

It was the realm of intuition beyond calculation, and whenever the battery hit the battery, the tongue snapped quickly.

'Tiki-taki-to-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-kit-taki!'

372 reserve batteries.

The corners of Iruki's mouth went up.

'It's good that I entered the senior class.'

I've never wanted to beat someone in my life. But now it seemed to be vaguely clear.

That I hate losing even more.

'It's wonderful, Suabi.'

Like stars, many talents claim their own talents.

'I must have practiced every day. He must have been diligent, biting the back of his hand every night in order to hold on to his distant spirit.'

Iruki lowered his stance and clenched his fists. It was his own answer to Suabi's sincerity.

'If you do this, your life span will be cut, but... ... .'

It was the third time since entering magic school, six years ago, when he had a bloody battle with Nade in the rain, and one year ago, when he was excited by Canis' provocation in the hallway of the infirmary.

Brain cells will be destroyed, but does it matter? Aside from the confrontation, the pride of the Shirone faction was at stake.

'You will become a good wizard. But not now. Because there are only two people in the world who can stop me. One is Shirone, and the other... ... .'

Real sparks flew in Iruki's pupils. It was a phenomenon in which electricity was generated in the cerebral cortex and projected onto the retina.

'That's me, Mercodyne Iruki!'

In the virtual image in Iruki's head, data reaching 100 million lines per second soared like a tornado.

When the amount of information that could handle all the events in the city at once was processed, Double Spirit Zone flew through the screamer team at an astonishing speed, canceling all buffs.

"Nonsense... ... ."

Suabi was devastated. It was an overwhelming calculation speed that even the will to fight disappeared.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

Shirone, who destroyed the hunter who went out in a frenzy, led a counterattack with her teammates.

With the buff gone, the Screamer team rapidly weakened and ended up on the defensive.

"Haa, I'm pushed after all."

Eider sighed.

The downside of the bookmaker's deadly strategy is that there is no plan B. If this round was taken away, there would be no chance of a comeback.

The youthful energy disappeared from Eider's face. He took out a chip with a black and white pattern and passed it down his throat.

'It's embarrassing, but does it matter?'

You can even give up graduation if you can enjoy it. No, graduation cannot be abandoned. Because I have to enjoy being a wizard more.

A battery was installed in my head. According to the trader, it will be the advanced technology 'Ghost Movement' of the Air family.

The reason why you can cast magic even if you don't know the inner principle was similar to Shirone's Ataraxia.

"Ah ah ah ah ah... ... ."

Eider's eyelids trembled.

The days I endured because I wanted to taste a human being. But now I didn't have to. After making a deal, his graduation was confirmed.

"Ha ha ha ha ha ha!"

Eider took off his mask and flew straight into the team's camp. It is classified as a tactic called reverse position, but there was no agreement with the screamer team.

While the allies looked at each other in bewilderment, Shirone's team intercepted with their own magic.

The first to arrive was the Photon Cannon. However, just before being shot down, Eider's movements were strangely twisted. The movement line swayed like a willow branch and avoided all the photon cannons.

"what? Ghost Movement?"

Dorothy's eyes shone as she watched from outside the battlefield.

It's not magic that can be used at the student level. However, Eider's movements could not be explained without the AT algorithm.

'Is it attached to Fermi?'

It's hard to believe that he learned it in just a few months. The AT algorithm, which automatically avoids the approach of objects by controlling turbulence, was a battery that even pros struggled with.

There was nothing that could stop Eider. Arriving at the hill, he ran towards the flag.

However, it was Maya, not the flag, who broke everyone's expectations and aimed. Fuck! Her body rolled up the hill as her powerful kick turned Maya's jaw.

"what... ... !"

Eider sat on Maya's stomach. The muscles in his face were twitching at the thought of venting his yearlong pent-up desire.

"Sister, it will hurt a little. Are you still patient?"

Eider's fist pounded Maya. A muffled laugh escaped from his mouth.

Seeing her terrified expression, the pleasure substance blew my mind away.

"Aww! It's fun, I'm going crazy!"

Like a gorilla, Eider raised both hands and grinded the pounding, which was not a human figure. Whites were visible in his eyes, and saliva was dripping from his open mouth.

It was so brutal that not only the team members, but also the students who were watching outside after the confrontation were at a loss for words.

"You asked me a question in the game of Truth and Courage."

Arin said.

"The ugliest person? I was puzzled at first. Because I can't distinguish the shape of things. At the time, I chose Luman, but in fact, the most intense menarche was Eider. According to the classification of the mental system, he is a person who corresponds to 'evil'."

Canis just listened in silence.

"Only those who understand evil can play good. That is the law of good and evil. All he has in his head is the desire to torment others from beginning to end."

Canis didn't think much of it. Because all humans in Radum were Eiders.

"The reason I asked the question was to test you out. I acted a bit more after you denied the truth."

"right. I thought I could use it as a trading card. But today's menarche was a little more blatant. Probably because I joined the Fermi organization."

"Your existence must have had an impact. You would have thought that you couldn't act for a year since a person with supernatural ability came in. Anyway, one card we have is gone."

Kanis lightly put aside his lingering feelings.

There are dozens of cards left anyway. Rather, it was good to know how much Arin's menarche can put pressure on the senior class.

"Maya!"

Shirone's eyes lit up. Her head went pale when she saw Maya crouching with her face covered and being beaten.

"Hehehe! sick? how much does it hurt Aren't you mad? Will you hate me to death?"

Eider swung his fist with his eyes wide open.

The idea of ??the Shirone team running from all sides was not in my head. As long as you have the Ghost Movement, no matter what you do, you won't be able to hit yourself.

Dismissed!

Then, blue electricity flashed in front of Eider's eyes.

The AT algorithm kicked in belatedly, pushing his body over 10 meters. Nade's face as he slashed his nails lingered on his retinas. When he came to his senses, he had already come down the hill.

Eider's face, which had been engrossed in bliss, was mixed with fear.

'what? What did I just see?'

I think I saw Nade's face, but I couldn't figure out what it was. It was later recognized that one of her legs was shaking like a dog's leg.

'Are you scared? I?'

Nade, who arrived first, blocked Maya. His face at the time when he swung his hand with the intention of killing him was split into fragments and only remained in parts and then permeated.

"Screamer, flag."

"ah... ... ."

Screamer, who came to his senses at Pony's words, hurriedly ran and pulled out the flag. nobody cared

Shirone approached Maya. Seeing her still trembling in her curled up body, her heart gave way.

"Maya... ... ."

Maya is by no means suitable for a wizard. Talent enough to get into the spirit zone should be spent elsewhere. She was an artist who moved people's hearts and a genius singer.

"Maya, wake up."

Shirone said in a cold voice.

The Maya have a family to support and a tribal honor to defend. If she collapses here, she will never be able to cross the threshold of the wizard.

"wake up. You are still evaluating. If you get disqualified here, we all lose 20 points."

Maya's shoulders twitched.

20 points for him. But everyone in the senior class is risking their lives to get those 20 points.

'I... ... I'm so scared, Shirone. Everyone here, their coldness is so scary.'

I wanted to give up. I endured for my tribe and fought for my family, but I realized the moment I saw Eider's eyes.

This wasn't the place to be.

'Shirone... ... .'

Maya stood up slowly.

I fell in love with Shirone. She was even more desperate than her license as a wizard. Everyone in her senior year would laugh at her, but Maya was that kind of girl.

"I'm fine... ... . We can fight more."

Seeing Maya trying to hold back her tears somehow, Shirone's tears welled up.

I looked back at Eider, who was flirting in the enemy camp. Terrible anger filled his eyes.

=======================================
[396] High Ground (5)





"How about my strategy? Did it work?"

The screamer licked his lips.

I thought he wouldn't be a good guy anyway. No, even if he is a good guy, is there anyone in the senior class who believes in others more than himself?

However, assertiveness that is too strong is difficult for others to digest.

"Anyway, it's done. do reverse position? Have you decided to stop playing the game? You shouldn't have said something beforehand."

"Hehe, sorry. I saved it because it was a conversion card. Anyway, since I let Maya go, now we have an advantage. Actually, I was thinking of making it a disqualification here."

It was canceled due to Nade's interference.

Eider prides himself on being crazy, but at the time, Nade's face was something that deviated too far from the normal range.

"Eider."

Eider turned around at Shirone's voice.

"what? Shirone hyung, this is our camp, right? Oh, does it matter according to the rules? Still, it's cowardly to eavesdrop on the plan."

"... ... Why did you do that?"

Eider tilted his head. Then, as if realizing it belatedly, he flipped his fingers and said.

"Oh, who is Maya? Why is that? You didn't come all the way here to say something frustrating, did you?"

"Ask again. Why did you do that?"

Eider's expression crumpled.

As long as he revealed his true colors, he couldn't find any signs of struggling with his older brothers like before.

"What is the problem? I was just trying to put the guard into a groggy state. You beat Screamer hyung and Nade hyung too. Maya noona is so weak. If it was Amy's sister... ... ."

"Don't get me wrong. I didn't come here to be angry. That's not what I want to ask."

"Yes?"

Eider clasped his hands together and supported his head.

"I would have made it clear. After the survival test."

Shirone's eyes froze coldly.

"Don't touch me."

"... ... ."

Anyone who does tricks is trampled on. obviously said so. In short, Eider was on the killing board of Shirone.

"ha ha ha! Then I'm ah, okay, I won't touch you again next time, should it be like this?"

In the past, he would have pretended to be scared, but now that Fermira has gained the power of a huge organization, there is nothing rough.

"It's enough to know. I just wanted to check that out."

Shirone turned and returned to the friendly camp.

Friends came over. With only a minute left until the start of round 6, we had to strategize quickly.

"Shirone, let's defend this round for now. It will take time for Maya's sanity to recover."

"No, I will end here. I'll do it, stop the screamer team. If you're the forward alone, they won't come to back you up."

Maya will not be able to recover during the confrontation. Eider's violence was too great a wound for her, who removed her omniscience and strengthened her omnipotence.

Iruki said.

"Shirone, don't get excited. I'm annoyed too, but it's important to win first. The ground gets hotter. you know?"

"It's fine. Because it really doesn't matter."

Shirone smiled only with her eyes, then suddenly turned around with a cold expression on her face. To her fearsome chill, her friends opened the way.

"It was a big deal. That guy is really pissed off."

If this happens, no one will stop Shirone.

As expected, as soon as the 6th round started, Shirone flew straight to Eider without paying attention to anything.

"Whoa, it's creepy."

The corners of Eider's smiling lips trembled. It was a strange expression mixed with fear and joy.

The one with the strongest mental power in the senior class is flying to trample on him.

"The more I do, the more fun I am."

When I remembered the misery of not being able to touch even a hair on the person I wanted to kill in front of me, my body already trembled.

Eider evaded between the barrages of the Photon Cannon, adding to Shirone's misery.

"ha ha ha! What to do with this? I don't even fit one. Would it take a lifetime to count the number of hits on Maya-nee?"

Shirone didn't respond and landed in front of the flag.

Wind cutters formed on Eider's hands. The moment he seized the flag, he intended to strike back and put an end to it.

"Ataraxia."

As a pale light formed 10 meters above the summit and drew a huge circle, exclamations erupted from outside the battlefield. It was a Halo that was twice as big as the one against Dante.

Eider blankly looked up at the halo. Then, realizing something in him, he hurriedly retreated out of the radius.

'Damn it. After all, he's an annoying guy.'

Indeed, there was such a way. If you spread Ataraxia on a hill, even if you grab the flag, you won't be able to approach it.

'then... ... .'

Eider crouched down and calculated the timing to jump out. Once the magic circle was completed, there was no chance.

"30 seconds."

Shirone said.

"We have 30 seconds left. If you can't stop me inside, you can never defeat me."

'I know that too, you damn bastard.'

The reason she knew but couldn't do anything was because she had seen the power of Shirone's magic circle with her own eyes.

If you go in to bite and get caught up, you may end up lying in the infirmary for the next round, regardless of whether you win or lose.

'no way... ... I won't die though.'

Because it's two thousand times anyway.

A choice that would never be taken in a real game, after going through the filter of virtuality, it turned into a game worth trying.

'Enter!'

The fact that the magician's power drops to less than half in the time-sharing state also contributed to Eider's decision.

Obviously it should have been.

However, when the photon cannon brushed through my eardrums, I couldn't help it.

'damn! Can't I?'

In terms of single combat power, Shirone is expected to be in the top class even in the senior class.

Even in a time-sharing state, the power of one shot was not at a level that Eider could handle.

'No, it doesn't fit anyway. You can never hit me.'

The price paid for Fermi's deal was certainly great.

With the Ghost Movement, it seemed that he could graduate even without the help of Fermi's gang.

"what? Shirone in the world is not a big deal, is it? I was sucking Kamaya's finger until she was beaten so badly."

Shirone fired a photon cannon at full speed.

However, the Ghost Movement undoubtedly pushed Eider's body to the side to escape the flash.

"ha ha ha! No matter what you do! So from the beginning... ... !"

Puck at that moment! And a strong shock was transmitted to the back of the head.

'what... ... ?'

One of Eider's legs staggered.

AT algorithm is broken. That fact was more frightening than the pain of Anti-Magic.

When I raised my head in disbelief, Shirone's face was blurry. It was a much stronger shock than expected.

'I got hit.'

But how?

The AT algorithm responds to any object that causes air resistance. Whether it came flying from behind or rising from the ground, it should have reacted to be normal.

"That... ... what?"

When the focus returned, the photon cannons floating around Shirone came into view.

It wasn't particularly loud or clear. There was only an eerie red dot in the center of the light.

"Laser Guidance Algorithms."

Dorothy murmured.

It is an advanced battery comparable to the AT algorithm. This is because the omnipotence of the laser itself is the highest level.

'That's why I made Shirone... ... .'

Dorothy's manipulatives are also equipped with functions similar to the AT algorithm. However, the laser-guided algorithm was the natural enemy of autoreflection.

"Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!"

Eider flew around the highlands avoiding the Homing Photon Cannon. But he couldn't escape no matter where he ran.

I wanted to peel off the red dotted skin.

It was none other than magic with the power of approaching 8,000 presses per piece.

'damn! Where the hell is this kind of magic!'

The flight trajectory of the homing photon cannon that intercepted the 7th-level drone is about to catch up with the movement of a front-line professional wizard.

With Eider's skills, he couldn't escape from the magic of the laser guidance algorithm, and was eventually bitten.

"Keugh!"

Right before colliding with the homing photon cannon, Eider's body swayed from side to side and flashes passed by.

After a moment of relief, real fear came.

Eight photons were slithering endlessly over the AT algorithm like a hyena hovering around its prey.

"Huh? uh huh?"

As his body shook against his will, he vomited. But more than that, the fear of the shock to come was worse.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The Homing Photon Cannon, which wrapped around Eider's waist like a snake, hit the back of his head.

"Keugh!"

If it wasn't for the durability that passed the 4th stage of survival, it was already enough power to lose consciousness.

Eider, who had fallen to the ground, raised his head. His emotions were on full display, and he was wearing a demonic expression.

"Something like this... ... !"

Puff pup pup pup pup!

Eider's voice was drowned out by the sound of impact that came from the air.

The Homing Photon Cannon has no mercy. The heartless light just bombarded where the laser was guiding.

"Quaaaaaaaa!"

Eider clutched his head and suffered. Hundreds of awls seemed to dig through his brain.

Realizing that he could not win at this rate, he hurriedly knelt when he saw Shirone approaching.

"Well, I was wrong! brother!"

Shirone's steps stopped.

"I was wrong! I won't do that anymore. Pull the flag and be done. please!"

"What did you do wrong?"

"You hit Maya. I'm sorry that she hid her true feelings and pretended not to. I'm such a guy I can't help it. But I won't do that again. I will also apologize to my sister."

Wizards are acutely aware of the impact their actions have on the outside world. That's why they don't show their anger. Except when even the act converges to the best result.

"... ... Be sure to apologize to Maya."

Shirone passed Eider as it was.

'Ah, Shirone hyung. My brother is really... ... .'

Eider's eyes shook as he looked back at Shirone.

If only I could land a proper blow to the back of the head. If only I could look at Shirone's eyes as she collapsed and bleed and beat me.

how exciting would that be?

A shudder to the point that your consciousness will fly away just by imagining it.

Foretold pleasure led him to the Spirit Zone. As the AT algorithm was installed, Ghost Movement magic began to surround it.

'can do. I can't even counterattack at this distance!'

Shirone looked up at the sky. Hot anger burned in his head, but even that was quickly frozen.

the sky is cold

100% concentration sharpened the spirit zone, and omnipotence and omnipotence created a powerful harmony.

It suppresses even the slightest bit of anger and adds to magic power.

That was the magician's wrath.

'Now!'

As Eider widened his eyes and was about to jump out at Shirone, the screamer shouted.

"You fool! stomach! stomach!"

Eider's face went blank as he held his head upright.

Ataraxia was completed before I knew it. And higher than that, the homing photon cannon's laser was aimed at the forehead.

The power and scale are different from those cast on Dante. Synchro rate at the time was 50%, but now it was 80%.

"Damn it!"

Eider grabbed his head and crouched down.

As the homing photon cannon penetrated Ataraxia, a gigantic flash struck directly from a height of 10 meters.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The enormous mass of the waterfall was converted into anti-magic and destroyed Eider's mind. With a bang, the nosebleeds exploded like a cannonball, and bloody tears flowed down.

Deed Deed Deed!

Eider's body began to vibrate at a terrifying speed.

This is because the jungle judgment does not apply to humans, but the action between magic is clearly implemented.

The AT Algorithm, caught in the shock wave, began to move Eider, exerting its original function.

But the problem is... ... It was that there was nowhere to escape.

"Khehehe! Khehehe!"

Eider, caught in the huge flash, bounced at great speed. It was as if someone had grabbed him by the spine and shook him at will.

Crunchy! Awesome! Everyone was shocked when they heard the sound of body fractures.

The duration of the flash was only 1.6 seconds, but it was enough time until no intact bones were left.

Eider, who was thrown out of the flash, rolled down the hill. There were no pupils in his eyes as he collapsed looking up at the sky.

Shirone turned around and walked towards Eider only after Ataraxia disappeared.

Even when he saw his limbs bent in an absurd way, his eyes were calm.

"Promise to apologize to Maya, be sure to keep it."

If it was Shirone that was broken, would Eider's actions be acknowledged?

Is it Maya's weakness that isn't sorcery? Is it the evil of Eider who was so wizard-like?

Is this also nothing more than the ruthless competitive system of the senior class?

I didn't have to judge. Shirone will move on, and Eider's senior year journey has ended here.

That was the only thing that mattered to the mage.

The door to the battlefield opened and the medics rushed in.





(end of volume 16)

=======================================