
[92] Genius who lost his light (1)





"Your name is Harvest."

The black beads vibrated at Arcane's words. As the molecular bonds loosened, black matter rose into smoke. The monster body born in the darkness spoke in a muddy voice.

"I am a harvestist."

"We will do some tests. Let him be in the test tube for the time being."

Arcane pointed to a three-meter-tall glass tube. It was such a small place that humans couldn't even last 10 minutes, but magical creatures had no concept of the permanence of time.

That night, Canis and Arin infiltrated the laboratory. Since he had not received permission from Arcane, his nervousness was evident. However, that feeling disappeared the moment I discovered Harvest.

A humanoid shadow with a height of 2 meters.

The slender waist and dynamic broad shoulders shook Kanis' heart.  

"This is Master's... ... ."

The essence of sorcery biology perfected over 150 years by the Archmage. In addition, it was a magical creature that inherited the memories of Arcane and also possessed intelligence.

Unlike Canis, Arin trembled as if he had seen a monster.

"Ugh. It's very strange. I thought it would be similar to a human."

"Who's going to be scared if a magical creature doesn't look scary? I think this form is really great. You are combative."

"Still, I am strange... ... ."

Canis didn't care. If she didn't like her, it was rather a good thing.

'Wait, Harvest. I'll be your master.'

Arcane said that she would choose the owner of Harvest between herself and Arin. Of course, Arin is a precious friend, but there was no concession in this matter. We will definitely prove our qualifications through friendly competition.

"Kanis, let's get out. Maybe Master will come."

"yes? uh, yes."

Arin turned off the lights and followed behind Canis. Then, startled, she looked back. Harvest's explosive emotions came through.

"Mom!"

Arin ran out of the room as if running away and did not even go to the lab after that day. However, as a child she was locked up in Radum's warehouse, she couldn't leave Harvest alone like this.

While everyone was asleep, Arin mustered up the courage to visit the lab. Harvest was trapped in a glass coffin as before.

"Are you very frustrated?"

When there was no answer, Arin looked for the switch while examining the device in the glass tube.

"I can get you out for a moment."

"Why do you think it is frustrating?"

Arin took a step back. It was a hoarse voice that evoked fear.

"You've been locked up for a month already."

"It is human beings who are uncomfortable with being unable to move. I can't perceive time It doesn't matter if I'm locked up like this forever."

Arin tilted his head in disbelief. It was because the Harvest wave she felt was filled with suppressed and stuffy energy.

"... ... But maybe you're right."

"Did you remember something?"

"Well. Should I say curiosity? The expression is not suitable. I am made to learn from the moment I exist. But now that is impossible."

"That's what I mean by saying it's frustrating."

Harvest was deep in thought. Is it really like that?

"How can you read my emotions?"

"lol. Somehow it happened like this. I lived in Radum for a long time."

"Radum. The slums of Baska, the capital of Tormia. High-level concealed facilities and extreme population fluctuations. It is presumed to be the den of sub-species who have lost territory on the continent."

Even Arin, who lived in Radum, had never heard of it.

"Mr. Harvest knows a lot."

"What information do you have?"

"You want to talk?"

"Right. I have no choice but to have a conversation. I still don't have a master to share my spirit with."

Arin talked with Harvest all night long. It was the first time she had ever talked so much with someone of her own, having spent most of her childhood alone.

After two months of experimentation, Harvest was finally set free. Arcane opened the glass coffin. But Harvest still didn't move.

"Come out. You come into resonance with Kanis. But it will not be subject to the constraints of subordination. I will explain the reason later."

Harvest didn't answer. It was unexpected that a magical creature with superhuman calculation speed was slow to respond, so Arcane turned his head.

"Why? Do you think it will take?"

"Why Canis?"

"Hmm. Do you mean you don't like it? It's strange that you, who don't have mental resonance, already have a taste."

"I understand that there is no advantage to me being subordinate to you, having inherited your memories. But Kanis is stubborn and proud. He's unlikely to listen to my advice. Such an inclination will be a weakness in battle."

"Of course not."

"On the other hand, Arin is different. She lived in Radum for 10 years and never met anyone except Kanis. The resulting backlash makes her mental sensitivity incredibly sensitive."

"Are you talking about menarche?"

Menarche was a unique brain wave pattern that perceived any object as if it were seeing it for the first time. Arin grew up without seeing anything since childhood, and that condition hardened her brain.

So she couldn't distinguish things like normal people. But she was absolute when it came to grasping the feeling of things. Although she had many inconveniences, she was the best talent for spirit-type wizards.

Arcane knew that Arin's talent was more special than Canis'.

"Arin can't. That child is too soft-hearted."

"I don't understand. Carbide more than covers other disadvantages. With her, she can maximize my abilities."

Arcane smiled bitterly.

Are the judgments different because they share the same memories but have different forms?

"Perhaps your words could be more reasonable. But Arin can't. You are going to Canis."



* * *



"Quack!"

The falling Harvest shuddered.

"That was it, Arcane."

I was able to realize it only when I came to the last moment of my life. The reason why Arcane gave up Arin, who had excellent magical talents, and chose Canis.

'It was the same stubborn.'

Harvest's fall felt no weight. So he looked even more shabby.

"Harvest!"

Canis ran to Harvest. There were holes in Harvest's body, shrunken like a thin sheet of paper, so it was hard to see with the naked eye.

"Why! why did you do that! I didn't care if I died! If you're going to do this, don't betray me from the start! Why the hell!"

"Quack. how do i know that You are my master."

Kanis, as if realizing something, kept his mouth shut.

"A magical creature, you just have to do what the owner wants."

"Harvest... ... ."

Canis' head fell. I was resentful and unfair to live, and I would rather die. But at the same time, she wanted to live. why wouldn't you want to live? that was human Harvest seemed to know. That is why he decided to sever the master-servant contract and self-destruct.

"I'm sorry, Harvest. I... ... ."

Harvest didn't care. A magical creature can do what its owner wants. Because it was designed that way, death was also not a shocking event. Rather, he was more interested in the fighting power of Shirone, who overpowered Canis and his combination play.

'Hmm. You use strange magic. But I'm not simply pushed back from magic.'

It was definitely a strong enemy. There is no hesitation in overpowering opponents. However, it was not a warlike personality. Rather, the combat method that was thoroughly focused only on results resembled that of a magical organism.

'The speed at which emotions are restored is incredibly fast. Perhaps superhuman insight. It seems unshakable because the time from problem to solution is so short.'

After the analysis, Harvest tore his mouth. Absolutely specialized in something. I don't know what it was, but it wasn't a property commonly expressed in nature.

'Quack. Arcane, you're going to have a hard time.'

Arcane's expression was not good. He was this guy and that guy, and there was no human being who could move according to his will. Feeling irritated by the current situation, he said as he moved slowly.

"I'm sorry, Canis. Even if you disgrace my face... ... ."

"shut up."

Shirone stopped talking. His friends' eyes widened at his unusually radical words. Arcane, on the other hand, turned her head in interest. If it was too absurd, he wouldn't even get angry.

"Chuck! What a lively child. How are you? I'll make a suggestion... ... ."

"I told you to shut up. Can't you hear me?"

This time, Arcane's face had no choice but to harden.

"I'm desperately holding back. So shut up. One more word and I'll crush you."

Shirone's body glowed with a faint red light. laser. The power had already been confirmed. If Harvest, who specializes in energy absorption, exploded with excessive energy, even a great wizard would have a chance to defeat him.

However, the friends who were watching had no choice but to dry their blood. The opponent, Shirone, the great magician who commanded the world, was just a student. A provocation of this kind was tantamount to suicide.

"What are you doing that for? Do you really know what's going on?"

"no. It will be fine."

Nade and Iruki looked back at Etella at the same time.

"Teacher. What does that mean? Shouldn't it be dry now?"

"It's a tricky situation for Arcane. I'm pushed out of the castle. If Shirone's magic from earlier was the type that concentrated energy, the current Arcane cannot block Shirone's magic. He's not going to act out of emotion as long as there's a chance he'll be bitten. Shirone knows that."

Nade looked back at Shirone. Even if that was the case, it was impossible for anyone other than Shirone to show courage to the archmage.

'Anyway, it's clever.'

Arcane readily acknowledged it.

"yes. If it were you now, you might be able to subdue me."

For a moment, the surroundings became quiet. It was hard to believe that it came out of the mouth of an archmage. But it was not a thought born out of servility. He had a rather relaxed smile.

"Red Wave. It seems to be the principle of vibrating particles, but it can truly be said to be the natural enemy of dark magic. Besides, I'm exhausted, so it's going to be pretty hard to stop you."

Arcane carefully observed Shirone's reaction.

"How are you? After hearing this from the Archmage."

"What do you mean? I wouldn't have told you not to?"

"Magic, isn't it fun?"

Shirone wrinkled his brow. She didn't know what Arcane was talking about.

"That's what magic is. It's not fair, and there are no rules that say it has to be this way. It is unpredictable because there are no limits. In the world of magic, a meteorite wizard who can blow up a city can die at the hands of a mercenary wizard. Therefore, it wouldn't be too strange if I got hurt by you."

"So what do you want to talk about? Are you willing to pay for your sins?"

"I might take it that way, but... ... ."

Dark smoke rose from Arcane's body. There was white in her eyes, and her expression was ghostly. Sharp as a knife, life spread like an explosion in all directions.

"They say you have to fight to know."

Shirone took a step backwards involuntarily. Pure fighting regardless of skill or level. He was the aura of death that only those who crossed countless lines of death could exude.

"No matter how good your match is, if you can't win, it's useless. How are you? Would you like to deal with me?"

Shirone's lips, which had been confident until now, remained silent for the first time. To be honest, he didn't feel like fighting. Arcane's fighting spirit was overwhelming.

'As expected, things are things.'

It relentlessly attacks its weak points, and when it disappears, it immediately changes its stance. that there is no persistence. Thoughts are as flexible as water, and vision is open to all directions. It was a little bit clear why Canis had been defeated.

=======================================
[93] Genius who lost his light (2)





"It is a good decision. Ignoring 9 just because you got 1 out of 10 is stupid. Under no circumstances should you stop thinking. Everything in the world is determined by the amount of thoughts. The same goes for combat."

"Don't get me wrong. I will never forgive you."

"Chuck! If you have the guts, there is nothing better. Shall I guess? You are the type to grow in practice. A school that only teaches stereotypes doesn't suit you. How are you? won't you come with me? Then I will make you the best wizard."

"Don't talk nonsense. I respect the teachers here much more than murderers like you."

"Tell me, then. what have you learned here? Photon Cannon? red wave? If that's not the case, did you give me advice on immortal functions?"

Shirone's eyes widened slightly.

"How did you do that... ... ?"

Arcane burst into laughter. It seems to be a teacher for this taste. Because I can round up kids who don't know the world and talk nonsense to their heart's content.

"It's really rare. Not to mention rare. Is immortal function a normal state? But, child, there are many terrifying monsters living where you don't know. If you hang out there with excitement... ... ."

Arcane smiled, squinting one eye.

"Unlockers aren't that rare either."

Shirone swallowed dry saliva. How many slashes do you have to cross before you can say unlockers aren't rare? Aside from skills, the accumulated experience itself was a different person.

"I met 7 people in 100 years. Four were quite good and three were killed. The Unlocker's hallmark is its uniqueness. The possibilities for distortion are endless. But undisciplined uniqueness dies before a greater sense of security."

It was an embarrassing but irrefutable statement. Personality can be a variable that ignores objective military power, but on the other hand, it was a double-edged sword that could lose power in front of the regular method.

"You learn nothing in a school that ignores individuality and teaches the same thing. You have to sharpen your own organs. If it were me, I could do that."

"You don't learn magic to defeat someone. Don't treat me as a human being just like you."

Arcane read the conflict in Shirone's eyes. No wonder. If it weren't for his obsession with magic and his desire for achievement, he wouldn't have reached the position he is now.

"You think everyone likes you now. However, humans are naturally friendly to great people. It's not because he likes you. How long do you think you can interact with such pretentious people?"

Everyone included in Arcane's words frowned.

But Shirone just listened in silence.

"Be strong. So that they can't ignore you forever. Otherwise they will crush you. Even in such a situation, can you avoid a fight with a nice excuse?"

Arcane spread three fingers.

"3 years. Within that, I will develop you into a skill that no one on the continent can ignore. Do you think 3 years is short? Not in my opinion. If you maximize your individuality, nothing is impossible."

At least to Shirone, it wasn't bullshit. As an Unlocker, there was little benefit for him to give up the guidance of the Archmage and remain at school. At best, he's easy enough to get a job in the magical society?

"You are right."

Iruki and Nade's faces darkened.

"Shirone... ... ."

If it is true, there is no need to deny it. The Unlocker was a unique position in the wizarding society, and there was a limit to developing skills with the leveling education of the magic school.

"Maybe you are right. But still I won't follow. School is not a place where I have to fight, but a place where my life is contained. Teachers, friends, a sense of belonging. I don't think you can give me anything like this."

Arcane made an impression. I don't know what Alfeas did, but I couldn't help but admire his ability to brainwash his students.

"You are being deceived. When it comes to life, it doesn't matter. If you weren't strong, you would have been just a mediocre kid in school. Proving your strength is everything in life."

"If that's really all, why are you doing this?"

"what?"

"What's left of you, who fought like that and became an archmage? everyone hates you Actually, aren't you lonely too? No one is interested, so you can only prove it this way."

Arcane gritted his teeth with a red face.

"You are talking nonsense. The strong are lonely. They are weak, so they try to unite. Look at the situation now. Everyone is kneeling at my feet. I am in control of them. That is loneliness."

"no. You are just a murderer with no one looking after you."

The word murderer sparked madness in Arcane's eyes.

"ha ha ha! It could be. But do you know? That I also once had a colleague. But he ruined everyone around him. That is the Alfeas you admire."

Shirone didn't believe it. He had heard from Ethella that the two had a grudge. The Alpheas he knew was never the one to lead others to ruin.

"I don't know what happened in the past, but I won't listen to you. because he's a murderer And he's still committing murder."

"You are a murderer. That Alpheas... ... Even if you're a murderer just like me?"

Shirone opened her eyes. He couldn't help but be shocked this time.

"It was a lie. What do you know about the principal?"

"Chuck! Of course you know. Because that kid was my disciple."

"what... ... Called?"

Shirone was at a loss for words. Since childhood, Alpheas has been a pioneer of light magic. But how can a master of dark magic be a teacher?

Perhaps feeling the irony himself, Arcane looked up at the sky with vague eyes. The events of that day were still as vivid as yesterday. He stopped thinking and looked back at Etella.

"Is Alpheas married?"

"Nope. He has been living alone for the rest of his life and is working hard on his education."

"is it."

A moment of sadness passed in Arcane's eyes. Alfeas hated 40 years, but if there was anything left to sympathize with, it was Erina.

"I don't know if you know, but Alfeas was married."

Ethella tilted her head. As far as she knew, Alfeas was unmarried. Even if she got married and separated, it was normal that it should remain on record as it was the union of her family.

"But the headmaster is single on paper."

"Looks like you haven't been recognized after all. Still, Alpheas is married. Because she lived together for three years. She was a woman named Erina. she was a great woman She shone more than anyone else and was beautiful."

"What happened between the two of you? Is it something that still deserves resentment after 50 years?"

"At the time, Alpheas was recognized as one of the newcomers whose photon theory was recognized. He was awarded the Gold Circle by the Emperor, so you guessed the stature, right? Her job at the dragon's magic department was confirmed, and she was living with a woman from the Bastard family, so there was nothing to envy in the world. But she also had concerns for him."

Arcane tapped her head and said.

"My wife Erina's intelligence has declined a little. She was at the level of a ten-year-old."

"I see."

"But Alpheas didn't care. He truly loved his wife. His love was never pity or pretense."

Arcane's memories went back in time. The time was 40 years ago. It was a time when Arcane ruled the world and Alpheas, who entered the world of magic, was called a supernova.



"Gold Circle Award of the Year! Mirhi Alpheas!"

Fanfare rang in the Grand Hall. Alpheas shed tears of emotion as he was hit by colored paper falling from the ceiling. The Gold Circle Award given to the wizard with the best achievement in a year. Once he won the prize, he could not only enter the Yongle, but also receive support from numerous aristocratic families.

"Congratulations, Alfeas. Of course I knew you would ride."

"I wish you well in the future. Surely you won't forget your alumni just because you've succeeded?"

Numerous mages gathered around Alpheas. Since his stock price would rise endlessly in the future, he was trying to take a look at it in advance.

However, there were certainly undesirable views. In particular, the face of Sarov, who had been fighting for the statue until the end, was crumpled as if he had chewed shit.

"huh. I caught a nerd and got out. Since it's a combination of Mirhi and Bastard, how can I overcome that?"

"Say that. Truly, medicine is your friend. But what can I do, the result came out like this. From now on, we also have to cover up what we say to Alpheas."

Sarov knew. In any case, since he couldn't leave the wizarding society, it was best to get close to Alpheas.

"What are you going to do, Sarov? It gets weirder when we meet separately. Are you secretly burying me and asking for reconciliation?"

"No, I don't feel like that. I'm fine, so why don't you come too?"

"It's the same feeling. just do it later Because two are better than one. Would you like to go out for a drink?"

"I will. I don't want to stay here any longer."

Sarov took his friends and left the castle. Sarov was also a finalist who narrowly missed out on the Gold Circle award, but no one cared about the losers.

Clump burst into a big laugh and dragged Alpheas out of the crowd. Alfeas wanted to take a breather, but his face was caught in Clump's forearm and he shook violently.

"Hahahaha! this bastard! You did it! My friend received the Gold Circle! I can't believe it!"

"it hurts! It hurts!"

Alpheas screamed, but Clump's celebration didn't stop.

"When I pretended to be unluckily smart, I really wanted to beat it up, but now I see that I was a genius, right? You did it, man!"

Alpheas felt dizzy and was about to die, but he didn't think about getting out. It's a gold circle. When, if not today, will you experience this exhilarating pain?

"now! It's a good day, so let's drink until our noses are crooked. The bar is reserved, so you can leave your brain and go with your stomach."

Alfeas finally got out of the head lock and said with an apologetic smile.

"Oh, I don't think it will work right away? I'll go somewhere for a while."

"what? If the main character is missing, why are we toasting for fun?"

"To go home. I want to hang a medal on her wife."

Even Klump couldn't stop it. She married Erina a year ago, but due to the opposition of her parents, she could not even receive support, and she was living in a small house for newlyweds in a common district.

It started with the Mirhi family. His son, who had sent him to study abroad, said he would marry an idiot woman, so there was no way he would agree.

Then the Bastard family responded without losing. Even in the same first-class aristocrat, there was a clear difference between the province and the capital, so he was in the position that he would not be inferior even if his daughter was a little short.

In the end, Alpheas and Erina had no choice but to have an informal wedding ceremony at a gathering of only their friends.

"Right. There was Mr. Jesu. Why don't you bring it?"

"it's okay. What wife would love to see her husband play with a drunkard? She'll just be back for a while."

"Damn it, you're noticing it. Then go quickly."

"I'll be back soon. Go to the bar first!"

Alpheas came out of the castle as if he were running away. He worked hard day and night to study, and his stamina was exhausted, but he was not out of breath today.

'done! I did it!'

Won the most prestigious award in the kingdom. With this achievement, the Mirhi family would have no choice but to accept themselves again, so having a spiritual wedding with Erina was not a dream either.

"Honey, I'm here."

Erina knew that it was the day the winners were decided. She came out of the kitchen just like yesterday, although in a different house she would have prepared a surprise party.

"came? Did you eat?"

=======================================
[94] Genius who lost his light (3)





Alpheas liked her like that. The intelligence of a ten-year-old does not necessarily mean that the mind itself is a ten-year-old. Tears welled up in her eyes as she thought about what her husband would be saddened by for failing to win the award.

"Honey, I... ... ."

Alpheas took out the golden medallion with trembling hands.

"I did it! I rode it! It's a Gold Circle Award!"

Erina is always calm and calm, but this time, her bright eyes, which seemed to contain the world, couldn't help but waver. The day that Alpheas had been talking about had really come.

"Congratulations. I knew you would ride."

"Erina, thanks to you. that you did everything Come and see. I will walk you."

Alpheas thought that the true owner of the Gold Circle was Erina. Of course, the honest Klump didn't understand. He thought that Alpheas, who deciphered the true intentions of Erina, was more important than Erina's innocence. But Alpheas knew. That the small idea that came from Erina's head would become the core code responsible for the future of mankind.

"This is your award. Your thoughts shocked the world."

As Alpheas pushed out his lips and approached, Erina pulled herself out like a bridesmaid and said.

"I need to eat. Come quickly."

"Oh sorry. Klump is throwing a party so I think we should go. I will eat rice later."

"Oh yeah."

Erina couldn't hide her sadness this time either. Then her alpheas laughed at her mischievously and lifted her up.

"That's why you say you have to save time to eat."

"Kyaaak!"

Alpheas strode up the stairs to the second floor while holding Erina in his arms.

"Wait! I will burn the bread with this."

"Tell me to ride! Otherwise I will burn!"



After Alpheas won the award, dozens of invitations flew in every single day. All of them were sent by nobles or organizations that were said to be the best. To get along with everyone is to get along with nobody. His reputation quickly spread thanks to his ransom while refusing any connections other than necessary. As part of that strategy, Alpheas left home today to attend a dinner invited by the Alchemy Foundation. It was an institution in charge of 40 percent of the volume of magical materials transported, so it was a position that could not be left out.

But Sarov and his friends, unaware of this fact, were camped out in front of Alpheas' house before the sun went down. Their mood as they waited for the evening to come was beyond their comprehension.

Sarov sighed.

"Haa, that hurts your pride."

"Do you have a problem with your ego? Even if the value went up, it went up too much. Speaking of Alpheas. He wasn't just a man good at magic. He should have predicted it in advance."

Sarov was also full of regret. When he won the Gold Circle award, he had to somehow blend in with the crowd and clear up the sediment. It had only been a month since he received the award, but Alfeas' reputation had risen to the point of being terrified. All of this was due to his outstanding political skills. Now, as Alpheas also covers people, the gap that Sarov could squeeze into had to become even narrower.

'Oh shit. I didn't want to lower my head, but it made me kneel down. Why doesn't this happen?'

It was a question that could not be answered no matter how much I thought about it. It was comforting that there were friends who were with me, so the embarrassment would be a little less.

"Go in slowly. I will speak."

Sarov took the lead and knocked on the door of Alpheas' house.

"Is there Alpheas? I am Sarov."

The person who opened the door was unexpectedly Erina.

"who are you?"

"Oh, your wife is there. I don't know if you remember, but I'm Sarov, a classmate of Alfeas. Are you at Alfeas' house?"

"no. Her husband is out. It's the Alchemy Foundation."

I knew that there was a dinner party at the Alchemy Foundation. But since it's not a drinking party, it won't take long. Sarov said politely, thinking that it was better.

"okay. If you don't mind, may I go in and wait? Because people are paying attention... ... ."

It was embarrassing to have come all the way to the house, but it was clear that I would get caught up in gossip if I snooped in front of the door.

"Yes, come in."

Sarov sat in the living room with his friends and rubbed his hands nervously. It seemed pitiful to see them, but Erina invited them to the table and served them snacks and drinks.

"You are eating something. Her husband will eat there."

"thank you. You are very kind."

Sarov, quite embarrassed, regretted not bringing a present. He bought it just in case, but when he tried to carry it, he couldn't stand it because he was upset.

It's not about skill. No matter how much he cut ties with Alpheas and Erina's both families, he had a first-class name value, and he thought that it would have had some influence on the evaluation.

As I passed the drink with such thoughts, I quickly became drunk. At first, she endured with her nervousness, but from the moment she felt Erina's level of intelligence, her mind was relaxed without realizing it.

"I mean! Even so, he was once called a genius. I, it is me!"

"Who is not? The world is so unfair! People who have worked hard write porridge, and anyone can get ahead with connections! Magic is already dead!"

One of Sarov's eyebrows went up at his friend's words. The person his friend was shooting was none other than Alfeas. But he let it go. Anyway, Erina wouldn't even know what she was talking about. She was suddenly drunk. Maybe she won Alfeas for the first time? How could she criticize so loudly in front of her wife?

'Hmph, what an insult that bastard gave me. This is about medicine, medicine and medicine.'

Sarov went one step further and spoke to Erina.

"Isn't that so, Mr. Jesu? As for magic, it's not something that can only be done with skill. Do you agree with Jesu?"

"Yes, I don't know."

"ha ha ha! of course. You wouldn't know. But it's true. Everything I say is true."

Sarov tasted the thrill of victory. In addition to criticizing Alpheas, he was sarcastic towards his wife. The friends who caught Sarov's intention joined by knocking on the table.

"Jesu-ssi, the atmosphere is great, but why don't you try singing a song?"

"Yes! Pick a song to celebrate the success of Alfeas."

Erina's smile hardened. People think that if they are less intelligent, they will not know anything. However, reading the emotions of others has always been the responsibility of the weak. She also knew that Sarov's party was not friendly. Even so, she was just trying to accept her husband's friends.

"When the wheat in my hometown is ripe... ... ."

As Erina started singing, Sarov and the others clapped and blew whistles. Even in the midst of that, she continued to sing with a trembling tone.

But before I could sing three bars, I heard a cold voice from the living room.

"What are you doing?"

I turned my head without saying who it was. Alpheas stood with her fists clenched with a red face. Saroff sobered up. When his sanity returned, he finally realized what he was doing.

"Mi, I'm sorry. It looks like we had too much to drink."

"You son of a bitch!"

Alfeas, who had strode forward, swung his fist. Sarov, who had been hit in the face with a straight blow, fell to the floor. Then the friends jumped up and shouted.

"Alfeas! What a nasty thing! No matter how angry you are... ... !"

"No, that's okay. quit."

Sarov raised his hand to stop his friends. he was ashamed of himself Was I just like this? Was it just a loser taking comfort in flirting with a competitor's wife?

"Get out, before I kill you. Get out of this house right now!"

"I'm sorry about what happened today. I won't come back in the future."

Sarov and his friends are kicked out of Alfeas' house. There was silence in the living room where the uninvited guest had left. Alpheas had no way to stop his rising anger. I knew why they had her Erina sing her songs.

"What happened? Why are those children here?"

Erina was terrified and said nothing. It was the first time her husband had ever been so angry.

"say! Why did you bring those children in!"

"sorry. Because I'm your friend, I know you'll like it... ... ."

"What are you talking about? Why is that kid my friend? Can't tell the difference between a real friend and a friend? Are you still singing? What a fool you are!"

Alpheas turned wildly. His face contorted with regret as he lowered his head. Words he should never have used, and which he had sworn he would never use, flew out of his mouth.

'You trash child. I'm not even a person.'

I wanted to turn back time, but it was already too late. No, even if he returned it, he might have said the same thing. I couldn't contain my anger and it was driving me crazy.

"Forget what you just said. I made a mistake."

"Honey, I was wrong. I won't do that anymore."

Erina's words made her heart ache even more. It's not her job to apologize. But then, where the hell am I supposed to throw this resentment?

"I'll go get some fresh air. You'll be fine with time. sorry. Sleep first today."

Alpheas left the house. That was the only way to rationally resolve the current situation.

He went to the inn where Klump was staying and drank all night. he didn't get drunk As he grew drunker, Sarov was erased from his memory, and only the scars Erina must have received came to mind.

"Damn it. i'm trash I don't deserve a husband. I'm the only one who trusted and followed her. For me to talk to her like that."

Clump made a pitiful expression. Because he was a man himself, he could understand Alfeas' anger. But he didn't change the idea that he made a mistake.

"They say that a husband and wife fight is like cutting water with a knife. The future is bright now, and the bad times have passed. Wouldn't it be possible to get closer with today?"

As Alpheas remained silent, Clump brought up what he had been thinking about before.

"Why don't you have a baby now?"

Alpheas' eyes twinkled for a moment. But she shook her head with a grim expression.

Guessing something, Klump raised his eyes in surprise.

"What, you, can't you? Not even once... ... ."

"What nonsense are you talking about? we are a couple No matter how young Erina is, she knows everything."

"Sheesh, who said what? It means that you might be a eunuch, not Jesu. I'm talking about being dishonest. Kuck."

Alpheas, not in the mood to laugh, stared at the glass and poured it bitterly.

Clump sighed and said.

"I am So what the hell is wrong? It's enough to have a baby and live happily ever after."

"Erina is... ... I don't know if she will be able to bear children."

"Why? Are you not feeling well anywhere?"

"no. Actually it is. Childbirth is a terrible pain, but will Erina be able to endure it? There are also parenting issues."

Clump, who pondered over Alpheas' words, sighed. In the end, it was a question of whether a ten-year-old intelligent woman would be able to endure her labor pains. Intelligence is a great power that controls humans. There was a world of difference between suffering knowingly and suffering without knowing.

"Alpheas, it's a little hard to say this, but you knew it too. Ever since I thought about marriage... ... ."

"Yeah, I know. no regrets No, I don't really regret it. I can't live without Erina. If she is not her, she means no glory."

Klump poured two glasses down his throat in quick succession. He himself is frustrated, but what can the person concerned do?

"So what are you thinking? It's not like you to complain like this. What's wrong with a smart guy?"

Alpheas turned his glass round and round, deep in thought. Then, at some point, his eyes, which resisted drunkenness, shone intelligently.

=======================================
[95] Genius who lost his light (4)





Arcane knew that someone broke into his dungeon last night. But he didn't care. It was because there were many people who entered the Archmage's dungeon aiming for riches. By now, he would have been turned into a corpse from a monster or trap.

Arcane erased his thoughts for a while and focused on his research again. Recently, he has been digging into the effect of dark magic on memory. His hands, which were frantically writing down the thesis, suddenly stopped. Then he took off his glasses and looked towards the door. Engine devices were disengaging at high speed. He wasn't an ordinary guy.

"Did you catch a fish after a long time?"

Dungeon raiders were a good pastime for Arcanes, who would not go out of their way for years once locked away. Besides, it seemed that a decent human being had bitten the bait today.

When the iron door opened with a thud, Arcane looked at his watch. Exactly 32 hours 28 minutes 5 seconds. It was the time to dismantle the engine device from the entrance to this place and reach it.

"The Archmage... ... Are you Viltor Arcane?"

He was a bloody man. He was handsome and his eyes were shining with firearms.

"You don't look like someone who is greedy for money. Who are you?"

"My name is Mirhi Alfeas. There was no way to meet him, so I came to see him in person."

"Hoo?"

Arcane's eyebrows went up. It doesn't make sense to turn a blind eye to the outside situation just because you're stuck in a dungeon. He had already come across Alpheas' photon theory through a secret route.

"For a light wizard to visit a dark wizard. What a peculiar thing. sit down at once I will treat you."

Arcane activated the life support system. As soon as Alpheas entered the hemispherical device filled with green liquid, he fell into a deep sleep.

3 hours after that.

"Puha! Haha!"

Alpheas raised his upper body above the water. He would almost suffocate if he tried. But how could I fall asleep? As he turned his head with his doubts, Arcane was sitting at his desk writing his thesis. It was an academic appearance that could not be seen as a great wizard who disturbed the continent.

"Thank you for the treatment. That's a nice device. I am curious about the principle."

"There is nothing to talk about. That doesn't change the fact that you're an uninvited guest. Tell me why you came to me."

A person driven by curiosity and interest would not need to waste time.

Alpheas went straight to the point.

"I want to learn dark magic. Please accept me as your disciple."

"Hoo?"

The hottest issue right now is that Alpheas begs his pupil. Even the Arcanes of the world could not help but be interested in it.

"Is there any particular reason?"

"I have a wife. However, intellectual abilities decline. Rumor has it that you are doing research on storing memories in dark magic, and I want to give my memories to her wife."

Arcane's eyes flashed. We knew each other's majors anyway, so there was no need for long words.

"I did quite a bit of research on memory manipulation. But what you're asking for is on a different level. There is also a personality problem, and above all, it is a work that requires the entire life of one person to be moved."

"I think it is possible. If we combine the absorption of dark magic and the information transfer ability of photons, wouldn't it be possible to implement virtual intelligence?"

"Hmm, build a nervous system with photon magic and endow it with memories?"

It was definitely a novel idea. Until now, photon magic had limited effectiveness enough to be called time magic, but Arcane expected that it would stand out in the information field in the future as long as the photon theory was revealed.

"Before examining the theory, I have one question. Did your wife approve of the experiment?"

"I don't know yet. But I will definitely respond."

"I wonder if there is a story."

Alpheas confessed how he came to this place. Upon hearing the story, Arcane understood his feelings. Besides, the suggestion was certainly genius. Over the course of a day, the two reviewed the possibilities. When they came to an agreement on the theoretical basis, they agreed that the arcanes were not vain delusions.

"Good. If you are really prepared to risk your life, I will accept you as a disciple. But it won't be easy to convince the family."

Although he would become a disciple of the Archmage, Alpheas was also a son of a prestigious family. He thought that the possibility of leaving the future of a job in the dragon's magic department and entering the gloomy laboratory was slim.

However, Alpheas did not have other routes in mind. If Erina is unhappy, she is also unhappy. He only wanted Erina to be happy.

"thank you. I will bring my family back soon."

After returning home, Alfeas consulted with Erina. Since it was a matter of life, Klumph was also seated. The part Alpheas emphasized was that Erina's intellectual future could be cured. And Klump objected as soon as his words were finished.

"Alpheas, what are you talking about? How do you find someone like that? Is he a criminal?"

"It doesn't matter to a wizard. What really matters is that he has the best understanding of dark magic on the continent. He also knows a lot about human memory and brain structure. He won't be at a loss."

"No, I have to lose. you're obsessed with something Planting memories in the human brain? There's no way that could be possible!"

"Clump, why do you think so... ... ."

"yes! I'm stupid! I'm not as smart as you, I'm not even a genius! But even this country knows one thing. You are kicking away the fortune that has rolled in now. If you hang out with someone like that, your entry into the dragon mine will be cancelled. What about the family name? Your family will really abandon you!"

There was no way Alpheas was unaware of that fact. But it was a decision he had made after much thought.

"doesn't care. Because those things can't decide my life. It's a dragon and a family, and I don't need all of them. If only Erina can be happy, I can be much happier than now."

Erina was troubled. However, with Alpheas' last words, the decision had already been made. If her husband was happy, she could be happy with Erina as well.

"Honey, I will."

"Jesu! This is something to think about."

"I will. Because she trusts her husband. Alpheas will make me happy."

"Then, of course! Who am I? He's a wizard who received the Gold Circle. And my master is the Archmage. If we join hands, we can easily fix your weaknesses."

Clump came every day to persuade Alpheas, but he couldn't break the couple's stubbornness. In the end, Alfeas arranged all his assets and entered Arcane's dungeon with Erina.

"Nice to meet you. It is called Viltor Arcane."

"hello. Her husband owes it."

Erina greeted politely. She was henceforth her husband's teacher, so her actions could not be taken lightly.

But Arcane comforted her as if she didn't care.

"Don't worry too much. Even so, I have been immersed in this field for decades. It's a big decision. Success can cure many mentally ill people. Your husband will also gain a reputation that is incomparable to that of Yongleo."

To become a disciple of the Archmage. Besides, if the reward for her success was to get back everything her husband had given up, she thought Erina might as well.

For the next two years, Alfeas resided in the dungeon and conducted research on transferring memories to his wife. Arcane was an expert in experimentation enough to run a personal dungeon. Under his reasonable care, Erina was able to spend her time in the dungeon without any inconvenience.

"Hey, Mr. Jesu. How are you?"

Once a week, Klump came to bring food. Even if the two of them were busy experimenting, wouldn't it be possible to make Erina eat the bitter food?

"it's okay. The experiment will be over soon. Then her husband will be able to go out into the world again."

Klump let out a hearty laugh. It must have been hard for him to do this and that for two years, but he endured it very well. So he was also bitter at the same time. What if you lose some intelligence? Her heart of sacrificing for her husband was never vulgar.

Upon hearing that Clump had arrived, Alfeas went to the room. As Erina said, he seems to be pushing spur after spur, but his face was emaciated every time he came.

"I'm here? Thank you every time."

"How about an experiment? Any progress?"

"Almost done. Clinical trials have been successful. Next month, Erina will also be free from the disgusting gaze."

"next month? Is it that fast?"

"What are you talking about? It's almost two years. He said he stayed up all night studying with Master. Anyway, you should come that day too. At that time, bring a lot of alcohol, not food."

A month was a long time for everyone.

Eventually, however, time passed and the long-awaited moment of execution arrived.

Erina lay down on the bed and waited. Since Arcane and Alfeas were busy checking the machinery, Clump talked to her so she wouldn't be nervous.

"Jesu, how are you feeling? After today, Jesu-san will have the memories of Alfeas. He even remembers peeing on the duvet when he was little. Think carefully about whether or not you have flirted with other women. ha ha ha!"

Erina burst into laughter at Clump's joke. You can't be nervous, but the atmosphere was good. It was the kind of day when everything seemed to be going well, and the test equipment was judged to be fine.

"Then let's begin, Erina."

Alpheas lay down next to Erina and stroked her hair. Because you are the person you love the most in the world, you can give them memories. Neither her shameful memories nor her shameful memories mattered to her if it was her.

"Honey, thank you."

"What are you talking about. I'm grateful. It has held up really well. let's live happily and have children."

Alpheas was worried that his smile was awkward. To be honest, he was losing his mind with the tension. Arcane came over and attached a mechanical device to both of their heads. It was an experiment in which reports from all fields such as magic engineering, magic biology, alchemy, photon mechanics, and human biology were gathered.

"I will begin. Relax. It will be over soon."

As Arcane prepared to activate the device, Klump walked to the corner and rubbed his hands nervously. The engine unit lowered with a clank. Dozens of detailed organs turned with mechanical sounds, and crystals shone and disturbed the scenery.

Alpheas accepted the dark magic penetrating into his head without resistance.

The key principle was simple. Absorb Alpheas' memories through dark magic. Then, transmit it through the photon output and overwrite Erina's memory.

"Huh!"

Erina's eyes widened. Sparks flew in her eyes as the massive amount of information came in. From the first memory of Alpheas' life to the memory of the conversation a while ago, all the times that formed him were being transmitted at the speed of light.

Erina smiled faintly. She felt truly united with Alfeas.

The excitement and worries of meeting for the first time, the anticipation of marriage, and the happiness of newlyweds. The heart that loved him without any prejudice has been passed down in its entirety.

'Honey, thank you. And I love you.'

Erina closed her eyes. No regrets. Since she was born into the world, she has been loved beyond measure.

Meeting Alpheas... ... It was fortunate.

The experiment ended when the light faded. Arcane checked the instrument panel. 100 percent information transfer rate. All memories were transferred perfectly.

"honey! honey!"

Alpheas turned to Erina. He had a pale complexion and was breaking out in a cold sweat.

=======================================
[96] Genius who lost his light (5)





"Master! How did it go? Was the experiment successful?"

"Yes, it worked! Our magic worked!"

But Alpheas couldn't be happier. No matter how you look at it, Erina's condition was strange.

"But why is my wife like this? Honey! Come to your senses!"

Arcane looked at the instrument panel once again and was shocked. The balance of each item was normal, but the overall body rhythm was falling at the same time. It was as if life itself was dying out.

"Hey, why is this? Obviously, this was not the case in clinical trials."

"honey! Erina! Open your eyes!"

Erina half-opened her eyes and smiled faintly.

"honey... ... I'm OK."

"Erina! What happened? what's the matter? What's not good?"

"A rejection reaction occurred from the terminal nerve. There must be something different about the human brain. But you did a really great job. A little more research... ... Huh!"

Erina took a deep breath and convulsed.

"honey! Do not say! I'll try my best! I'll save you no matter what... ... !"

Alpheas was already cursed with his own intellect, which he realized was irreversible. But he couldn't help but say it.

Erina shook her head slowly. What her husband knew, she knew herself.

"honey... ... Please hold my hand."

Alpheas gripped his wife's hand tightly. He would have tried if there was even a 1 percent chance. But for now, it was all about keeping her side.

"Erina, it can't be like this. How could this... ... ."

Erina smiled sadly.

"Honey, I'm sorry."

"What are you sorry about? what are you... ... ."

"Because I am stupid."

Alpheas' heart was torn to pieces. Trying to change his wife. Why did I forget her words that she is beautiful just by existing?

"no... ... why are you sorry What are you sorry about! it's me! I was stupid! The fool was me!"

"I'm glad I met you."

Erina was finally able to understand her husband. A wonderful world where rationality reigns. he was living here. I was happy to be able to be with him even for a short moment, to be able to leave with his memories.

"honey! Open your eyes! please... ... I was wrong, honey!"

As Erina's eyes closed, Alfeas hugged her face and sobbed.

"Aaaaaaa! Honey! honey!"

Arcane lowered her head with a sad expression. How is the human brain different from that of animals? Had human experiments been conducted from the start, there would have been no tragedy.

But it was a meaningless assumption. There is only one condition that Erina put forward to experimenting on herself. She never said that she should never experiment on others.

That's why I paid more attention. The data obtained so far would be valuable for mankind.

'I'm sorry. I won't let your sacrifice be in vain.'

A pop and dull sound rang out. When he turned his head, Alfeas was banging his head against the wall.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Every time their foreheads collided, there was a cracking sound. It was to the point where I didn't know if the walls were breaking or if my head was breaking.

"what? The light of the Mirhi family? light? light!"

thud! thud! thud!

Alpheas' body bounced off like a rubber ball. But he didn't stop. The horror of being left alone with his wife turned his stomach.

"Arrogant Alfeas!"

Alpheas rushed into the wall again.

thud!

Clump grabbed Alfeas. If I left it like this, I would die without moving.

"Alfeas! Wake! What are you doing!"

"Let go! damn it! Aaaaaa!"

It was difficult to stop Alpheas even with Klumph's physical strength. It was as if he was burning his soul and rushing towards his death. But in the end, his pupils dried up as if the shock was intense, and his consciousness went away.

"Erina... ... . Erina... ... ."

Clump also shed tears when he called his wife's name even in a faint state.



* * *



Erina's funeral was held. It was a gathering of only members of the family, and Alfeas was prevented from attending by his relatives. He never married and has no heirs. In the end, the two of them had to say goodbye while they were dating.

Alpheas was sitting in front of the funeral parlor. Then, as the sun went down, he got up from his seat and walked away like a man out of his mind.

The place they arrived at was Arcane's dungeon. Many of the equipment that had been experimented on for two years remained intact.

"Erina... ... ."

Alpheas took an oil canister and scattered it all over the laboratory. Every time the oil splashed, tears flowed from his eyes. The moment of her laughing and talking with her was as vivid as if it had happened yesterday.

When the oil drum exposed the floor, Alpheas sat down with his back against the wall. It is knowledge that should not exist in the world. How could a human being do such a cruel experiment?

"Are you here, Alfeas?"

Arcane entered the laboratory. He knew that Alfeas wasn't even invited to his funeral. After all, for him, this was the grave of his wife.

"I'm sorry about Erina's work. Take care of your mind and body for the time being. Then come back... ... ."

Arcane realized something and turned his head. She smelled too much oil to believe it was leaking from the mechanism.

"Alpheas... ... Can you?"

Alpheas stood up with dark eyes. One shot of fire magic would blow up the entire laboratory.

"no! What are you doing!"

"Master, it was something I shouldn't have done from the beginning."

"I understand that your wife's death has weakened you! But no! The experiment almost succeeded! Did you forget Erina's will? Erasing this place is disregarding even Erina's sacrifice!"

"You don't need anything. Now without a wife... ... I have nothing left."

"Even so, no! This isn't just you and Erina. My lifelong knowledge is also accumulated! These are documents that cannot be destroyed without my permission."

Alpheas cast fire magic. Arcane absorbed it with dark magic, but it couldn't be helped as the temperature rose above the ignition point.

Flames covered the room.

Thousands of papers, precise magical devices, and difficult-to-handle alchemy substances were also denatured.

Alfeas, who had been looking at the flames indifferently, left the dungeon.

But Arcane couldn't leave. he has to turn off the lights No, even if you lose everything, you must protect the experimental data.

"No no!"

Going back and forth through the fire, Arcane was preoccupied with collecting documents. Eventually, the box containing the vaporized material caught fire and exploded.

The whole laboratory was blown away, and the shock was transmitted to the extent that the entire underground dungeon was shaken.

A terrifyingly air-sucking fire galloped through the tunnel.

"Aww! Alfeas! I will not forgive you, Alfeas!"

Arcane gritted his teeth. Right before he completed the masterpiece of his life, he felt more injustice and resentment than dying that the data had been lost.

"certainly... ... make sure you survive and will take revenge Wait, Alpheas!"

Arcane hated Alpheas even as he burned. The arrogant Alpheas was arrogant to the end.

Surviving with a single spirit of revenge, he conserved his strength and mobilized all his personal connections to search the continent. However, no one knew about Alpheas's whereabouts.

Seven years later, Alpheas reappeared in the world.

It was the main house of the Ogent family in Creas City.

"Alfeas! Hey man! What have you been up to?"

Clump stared blankly at Alfeas, who had become a completely different person. Her neat face was gone and she was growing a beard like a madman. Dressed in rags, her skin was charred.

Clump took Alfeas to the bathroom and washed him himself. Numerous wounds were carved on her body. Because it was a test, it was possible to distinguish. Wounds from wild beasts, wounds from torture, and obvious self-inflicted wounds.

"Did you go around looking for a place to die?"

Alpheas did not answer as he covered his face with his wet hair. Then, after a while, he opened his mouth.

"I had no intention of dying. I didn't even want to live there. I just wandered around."

"yes... ... ."

"I heard you. He said he was an accredited prosecutor. Congratulations."

"What is the celebration between us. Among my peers, I'm the latest, man."

Clump accepted it shyly. He wasn't particularly proud of the achievements his friend had made while experiencing hell in the backcountry.

"sorry. I have nowhere else to go but here. Let's take care of ourselves."

Klump stared at Alfeas' withered back sadly.

How did it get to this point?

He, who was called the supernova of the wizarding society, has now been kicked out of his family and has fallen into a vagabond without any nobles he knows.

After taking a bath, Clump prepared a meal for the ladies-in-waiting. But perhaps even her stomach shrank, Alfeas couldn't pass much of her food.

Clump knew. Just because I have nowhere to go, I'm not the type to come to you.

After taking Alpheas into the study, he offered a drink. Alpheas didn't even look at the drink. Just like the look he had seven years ago, his intelligent eyes flashed past him.

"Tell me. It must have appeared in the world because the wandering was over. You won't have to recover either. If I can help, I will help."

Alpheas spoke straight.

"Lend me 100 million gold."

"1 million... ... gold?"

It was a huge amount.

Of course, Clump obtained the right to succeed the governor by passing the official exam. However, even if he became the head of household, there was a limit to the amount he could contribute.

"I'm not asking you to borrow it all at once. I'll withdraw over 4 years. Hire a treasurer. If you set the monthly limit to 7 million, you will be able to operate without any damage. I will also pay interest. However, compounding is not possible. Instead, I'll set it at an annual interest rate of 20 percent. The principal repayment will be possible after one year."

The method of repayment was decided by the lender, but Klump didn't care. If it was the Alfeas he knew, he would have thought of the optimal trading conditions even before he came here.

In the end, he was talking about earning 80 million gold excluding the principal after 4 years, but I was more curious about how he would do that.

"What are you thinking? Have you developed any new magic?"

Alpheas shook his head.

"I have no passion anymore."

"Then what are you going to do with the 100 million gold?"

"I will build a school."

"what? school?"

Clump opened his eyes wide. Alpheas, who thought he was the best between heaven and earth, would teach others.

"What are you thinking... ... ."

Seeing the tears flowing down Alpheas' cheeks, Clump was speechless.

"never... ... People like me shouldn't come out. I will teach students while atonement until the moment I die. I will live by gnawing away at my pain so that my talent will not be trampled on by a momentary mistake."

Alpheas covered his face with both hands and sobbed. Still, he couldn't stop the tears from flowing.

Clump's eyes also turned red.

Bastard Erina. Perhaps Alpheas will never forget her. She may have to live with suffering for the rest of her life.

But that's why the decision was easy.

If the pain that Alpheas had to endure could be sublimated into someone else's growth, if it really could happen, I wondered if this friend who dreamed of happiness rather than success would have a day to smile in the distant future.

"Don't lend me. 100 million gold."

Alpheas founded a school named after him in the city of Creas. During the construction period, he worked as a wizard to pay off the interest and studied at night to obtain a teacher's license.

and 4 years later.

Mirhi Alfeas, principal of Alfeas Magic School, paid 180 million gold to the Ogent family.



* * *



When the effect of Abyss Nova completely disappeared, Alpheas slowly opened his eyes. All his memories returned, but he was speechless for a long time. His 40 years, reiterated back to back, were so long and heavy.

=======================================
[97] Genius who lost his light (6)





"Master... ... ."

Sade did not hesitate to speak. Is Alpheas really the old Alpheas? Humans have hope because they do not know the future. However, there was no hope in Alpheas' memories. Any happy memories were buried in terrible pain.

Alpheas closed his eyes again. A drop of tear flowed down.

"Master, are you okay?"

"Thank you, Saad."

Sade let out a sigh of relief at the benevolent tone.

"Are you really okay?"

"Nothing. I'm sorry I said harsh things to you. But that's who I used to be."

"no. I'm sorry. I thought Master would be wrong, so I'd rather stay the same... ... ."

Alfeas patted Sade's shoulder.

"It was your decision. Maybe that was good."

"Master, then... ... ."

THAAD became anxious again. Maybe he should have pushed on as he initially thought. It must have been an opportunity for escape that would never come again for Alpheas.

"yes. It's a memory I never want to recall. But... ... ."

Alpheas looked at Erina's portrait. When I remembered the moment we first met and confessed at the ballroom, a gentle smile came to my lips.

"No matter how painful life is, there are times when we live only to protect one moment."

"okay."

THAAD was finally relieved. Alpheas was Alpheas, no different from the old one.

A woman named Erina, who had shaken a person's entire life, had settled in Alpheas' heart as a painful but irresistible memory.

"Master, the one who committed this incident is Arcane. Currently, Mr. Etella... ... ."

"I had a hunch from the time I got hit. It's not the time to listen to explanations. Let's move."

As Alpheas walked to the door, Sade followed. The first hurdle was passed, but the problem started now. The entire school was under the spell of Arcane.

'Please don't be late.'

to infinity(1)





After learning about Alpheas' past, Shirone and the others were silent for a while. It was such a shocking event and it was a heartbreakingly sad love story.

"That's what happened to the principal... ... ."

A certified 4th class wizard and the principal of a prestigious school. I thought it was a successful life no matter who saw it. However, if you listen to Arcane's story, Alpheas in his youth was really great. Gold Circle winner who proved the photon theory at the age of ten. In particular, the memory transfer experiment was a progressive idea that the wizarding community had finally begun researching.

"Obviously, Alpheas was a genius. But I was weak. The world would have been different if I had only endured a little. But a little affection ruined everything. I can never forgive Alpheas like that."

Shirone thought a lot. Arcane was a world-recognized villain, but he was also a wizard. At least in Erina's experiment, he was just a great helper.

"yes. The principal may have been hypocritical in destroying your data."

Because Arcane's murderous spirit had softened, Shirone was able to get a little closer.

"But I would have made the same choice."

"Does that sound come out even after seeing Alpheas? Well, in your eyes, an official 4th grade might look great. However, if you are swayed by your emotions, you cannot rise to the top. Erina's death is unfortunate, but magic is magic. In that sense, Alpheas was unqualified."

Shirone shook her head. History will tell you what was right, but Alpheas was not swayed by emotion. At least he thought so.

"If the experiment had been carried out further, there would have been numerous victims. You would have conducted human experiments without hesitation."

"Don't deny it. But the sacrifice of the few can save the many. After all, someone is bound to suffer. Isn't it the duty of intelligence to save more people even at the cost of sacrifice? What would you do if there were parents with mentally retarded children in front of you? Can I still say something pretentious then?"

"you can do it."

Arcane frowned as if in displeasure. But Shirone wasn't being stubborn.

"As you said, if 10,000 people can be saved by sacrificing one person, it would be a reasonable choice. Even so, I will not sacrifice that one person."

"If that happens, ten thousand people will die."

"It is unavoidable."

Shirone said with a firm look.

"Ten thousand people could die. However, even if such a situation arises, it is not an area that we as humans can intervene in. He's arrogant to think he weighs people's lives. Even if more people are sacrificed, we just have to do what we can. Then the day will come when we can save 10,000 people. What you are trying to do is no different from a dictator trying to stand above humans."

Arcane realized that Shirone was his antipode. Can't the few be sacrificed for the many? Some would call this a good thing, but if this actually happened, not many people would accept it. This is because humans are beings who wander in search of things that benefit them in the middle of good and evil. But Shirone was at the far end of the line. The cruel killer and the saint who saved mankind are all post-human. And both were equally persecuted by the public.

'Your life won't be smooth either. Even dying here will be a blessing to you.'

Wizards choose between good and evil based on their intellect. To Arcane, who believes that the effectiveness of evil advances humanity, Shirone is a future enemy that must be nipped in the bud.

"We are the kind that can't get along. I'm sorry, but I have to die."

Shirone took a step back. It was an Arcane that had clearly felt its power decline until just a moment ago, but now it was exuding the energy of a true great wizard.

"Are you surprised, kid? Magic is a subtle thing."

According to a study by the Magic Association, it is known that the mental fatigue of a wizard casting pure magic is equivalent to that of an ordinary person immersed in one task for 48 minutes.

However, Arcane ignored these arithmetic calculations and instantly increased his strength.

"Let's finish with this. There will be no pain."

A shadow rose from Arcane's body and a black veil covered the sky. People were astonished at its enormous size. It was different in scale from the power of darkness that Canis showed off.

As Arcane raised his right hand, the veil came together in the form of a fist. Shirone was genuinely amazed. Judging by the size of his fists, a fall would blow off half the basin.

'I can't stop it. But I can't avoid it.'

If the power of darkness is quantified, the force exerted by the unit cube (width, length, height 1 cm) is approximately 0.1 N, which is slightly better than that of an ant's jaw joint. However, if the unit exceeded a billion units, everything on the ground could be wiped out with an enormous force of 1,000 tons.

"Stop being rude, Master."

All eyes in the basin returned to the cliff. Alpheas stood with his hands behind his back. Then, a ray of light bent with a roar, and Sade landed next to Alfeas.

"Mr. Sade!"

A blush appeared on the faces of Shirone and the others. Just the arrival of Alpheas and Sade made it feel like a thousand troops had been won. Sade looked up at the power of darkness and cast a fire line. Streams of flame shot up in a double helix and converged into a huge ball of fire.

"wow... ... ."

I couldn't even open my eyes as the scenery around me was bleached to white light. However, Arcane offset the light that burned his retinas with the power of dark magic and stared straight ahead.

"Hmm."

As I spread my palm toward the fire line, the power of darkness floating in the sky moved in the same motion and grabbed a huge fireball.

Chee Hee Hee!

Shirone shuddered. It was the first time something burned with such a huge sound. As the world plunged into darkness again, Sade frowned and converted the Spirit Zone into an offensive type.

"Sheesh! Annoying inspiration... ... !"

Alpheas raised his hand to stop it.

"Stop it, Sade."

"But Master... ... ."

"It is my job. It's me and Arcane's business. You want to leave it to me from here on out."

Alpheas moved slowly. Then Arcane also returned the power of darkness that stayed with the fire line turned off in the form of a veil and spread it across the sky.

"You are old, Alpheas. Well, even a wizard of time is just a human being in front of time."

Alpheas ignored the first greeting in 40 years. At least not yet... ... It was not the time for the two foolish, absent-minded old men to put an end to the past. Passing through hundreds of students, looking at the injured Iruki, Nade, and Shirone, he looked back at Etella for the last time. He had bruises on his white skin that must have already come from a collision with Arcane.

"You worked hard, Ethella. It's because I'm immoral. All I can say is that I'm sorry."

"no. I'm sorry. We couldn't save the students."

Alpheas shook his head. When she came to see her teacher interview, she was puzzled. But to this day, she couldn't be so proud of her own judgment of hiring her. If it wasn't for her, she wouldn't be in the situation where all of her students are safe.

"principal. be careful."

Shirone said with a worried expression. If it was an arcane whose energy was exhausted, it was considered that Alfeas, a certified 4th grade, was worth a try. However, the current Arcane was arguably in the best condition.

Alpheas smiled as if he already knew.

"Don't worry. There is no magic that violates the principle of equivalent exchange."

"But Arcane must have mental power... ... ."

"yes. would have recovered But it is also magic."

"Is it magic?"

"Abyss-type magic controls memories. It was created by Arcane, and it is the magic that Arcane uses best. Is that correct, Master?"

Arcane snorted.

"You don't seem to have dementia. By the way, the magic you received is a magic called Abyss Nova that is incomparable to that. I've experienced the effects myself, so I don't need to tell you."

"It was great magic. Thanks to that, it was nice to be able to recall old memories."

"Don't be bluffing. Subjects who ran away in fear. I must have been weeping at least in tears."

"You got it right. But while Master didn't see you, you've become very weak. It's hard enough to even cast Abyss Memory against children as young as 100 years old."

Arcane was not angry. When Alfeas is calm, he himself is calm too. The 40-year-old hatred could not be resolved with mere words.

Alpheas turned his head to Shirone as if enjoying the afterglow of the night before the storm.

"Shirone. In order to cast magic, you need a momentary strong concentration. It's like the average person spends the result of 1 hour of concentration in 1 second. That is why Arcane did this."

Alpheas tapped his temple with his index finger and said.

"It was cast on his own head. The magic to erase memories."

"ah... ... ."

There was such a way. If you erase the memory of using your brain, the mental fatigue will disappear. Of course, it was inevitable that it would become functionally overloaded, but once in a while, it would be enough to restore mental strength.

Alpheas understood Shirone's feelings. Viltor Arcane. He was a wizard who endured on the battlefield for 100 years with non-mainstream dark magic. He's a grudge from the past. He had no choice but to acknowledge his skill no matter what.

"yes. It's a bold and cool technique. Arcane is a wizard who lives in such a world. So remember you too. The one who doesn't have a single last resort, he will never be able to disappear combat magic."

=======================================
[98] Infinity (2)





Arcane put on an annoyed expression.

"huh. that you compliment me Every passing dog will laugh."

"Are you okay? It is said that mental power has been restored, but in the end it is just an illusion of the brain. If you intend to add here, you cannot guarantee your life."

There is no free magic in magic. The mental power recovered with the Abyss Memory was an equal exchange achieved at the risk of causing brain death.

"therefore? Are you trying to stop me after all?"

"If you back off, we can end it here. Maybe this is your last chance. So far, everyone is safe, so I can suggest something. But if you can't let go of your tenacity, you have to pay the price."

"Quack. Even now, the tongue is excellent. You pretend to be thinking about it, but in the end you only know yourself. Do you think your past will be covered if I step down? It's already late. Not only those in this seat, but also the students who were affected by Abyss Nova have their ears open, so you will no longer be the principal."

Shirone looked back at the students who had lost their memories. When the magic is lifted, everything that happened here will remain as a memory. Even if the battle ended safely, it couldn't be a big deal.

"Chuck! Are you aware of the situation now? Why don't we just kill them all here? If so, are you willing to overwrite it for me?"

Alpheas gently raised the corner of his mouth.

"One joke too."

"Then why don't you go with me? I am giving you one last chance. Shouldn't Erina take care of what she left behind? Come on, look. the results I have achieved. It's a magical organism harvester!"

Shirone and the others turned around to where Arcane pointed. Harvest was lying on the floor, strewn about like a rag.

"... ... Well, it did look a little off. In any case, the experiment was successful. If you help me, I can achieve even higher results. And that is exactly what Erina really wanted."

Upon hearing Erina's name, Alpheas' eyes lit up with a cool light.

"Master. Please grow up."

Arcane finally revealed that he was going to live. They were having a trivial conversation, but in reality, it was all meaningless words. It was a bad relationship from the beginning.

"You think you can beat me? Principal? That's not even funny. Pretending to be smart and making foolish decisions is still the same, Alpheas."

The powers of darkness that spread in the air united again in the form of fists. Against him, Alpheas slowly raised both hands and prepared to cast magic.

"No, this is right. One foolish judgment is enough."

Alpheas compressed the photons between his palms. Upon seeing the photon output that any wizard of light can cast, Arcane snorted in displeasure.

"Are you going to stop me with something like that? You have become weak, Alpheas."

"You won't know until you try."

"Chuck! Wasn't that the word you hated the most? Where has Alpheas gone who used to say that you should know before you try?"

"Wizards live the future. Although his gun is gone, he is not as old as I am. Do you think I have not counted your 40 years?"

"Hoo. Did you foresee today? So what you prepared is only photon output?"

"Let's finish with this."

Alpheas raised both hands to the sky. Then, the photons between the palms compressed and became smaller than dust. At the same time, Arcane swung his fist. A huge power of darkness poured down to the ground. End with this. It was a blow that poured out all the resentments of 40 years.

Shirone and the others stared at the power of darkness falling at an incredible speed. When I saw it up close, it was much bigger than I expected.

Alpheas's hands slowly fell down. The movements of his arms continued like flowing water, and then began to split into dozens of afterimages. The eyes of those who watched were filled with wonder.

'what?'

The afterimage of Alpheas moved terribly slowly. The photons compressed in his palm disappeared in an instant. Even during that time, the Power of Darkness had not yet reached half the distance.

Shirone couldn't move a single finger. No, he couldn't even breathe. Time is passing slowly. Only a drop of photon, smaller than a speck of dust, was moving at the speed of light.

The photon plunged into the great darkness. The wave-like ripples slowly oscillated and moved away as slowly as time slowed down.

and the next moment.

Flash!

There was a powerful explosion of light that made the world a blank slate.

The power of darkness was torn apart and spread. The light that spread throughout the magic school weakened from the center and then disappeared in the form of a ring.

When time returned to normal, Shirone and the others looked up at the sky with absurd expressions. A pale moon hung in the night sky where even the clouds had disappeared.

'What kind of magic is this?'

It does not have physical force like Photon Cannon, nor does it have durability like Shining. It was a magic that was created to explode the strongest light in only a moment.

Arcane's impression was distorted.

"Alpheas... ... ."

"It's the magic of the Big Bang. It's embarrassing to put it on the association, but I think it's good enough as a farewell gift."

"exactly... ... You didn't just run away for 40 years."

Arcane realized what Alfeas was aiming for. It is not a magic developed as an antidote to dark magic. It wasn't even about getting over yourself.

Alfeas only assumed this moment, this situation, and polished the Big Bang for 40 years.

"It was pretty good, for you."

Arcane's knees thumped and hit the ground. Due to the aftermath of the Abyss Memory, her brain function was seriously impaired.

"It will be good, Alpheas. The 50-year bet paid off. Since you have defeated the Arcanes of the world, your reputation will rise. Do you want to become the archmage of your dreams?"

Alpheas shook his head. Even at this moment, he is obsessed with superiority and inferiority. Knowing that it was the driving force behind the creation of today's Arcane, on the other hand, felt sorry for him.

"Master is no longer the Archmage. It was called that 50 years ago. That's enough time for a 10th-class newbie to become a 2nd-class archmage. Our time is already over. The world has changed, and I am too old to be ambitious. How can you not know that?"

A vein stood in Arcane's temple. Even though he was defeated, his years of living enough to receive admonitions from his disciples were not insignificant.

"Why do you think you are an arrogant Alpheas? You'd think you'd been caught up in some unfortunate misfortune. let me tell you the truth you are not a genius I'm just a lowly wizard running away from misfortune."

Arcane gave strength to his shaking legs and stood up.

"Old? I became an archmage at your age. How about being honest? I don't have one. Aren't you making excuses because you don't have the confidence to go up any further?"

"It's not just about going up. As you get older, you should have appropriate introspection. But Master is still no different from a boy who only pursues sweet ambitions."

"Chuck! Foolish Alpheas! What are you so afraid of? Take a step back and see. There is no categorical imperative in this world that says it should be!"

A terrifying aura exploded from Arcane's body again. Realizing that her memory had been erased again with Abyss magic, Alfeas raised her eyes in surprise. The brain would withstand one Abyss memory, but the second was death with an almost absolute probability.

"Stupid old man! Are you determined to die?"

Arcane responded with a sneer and cast a dark power. The shadows beneath their feet extended to cover the basin, lifting the amnesic students into the air and moving them to the cliff.

This time, even Alpheas couldn't help but be terrified.

"Stop it! It's just pointless killing! What the hell will you be left with like this!"

"The winner's satisfaction remains."

"You fool! I want to win even at that age! I don't think you'll ever be a boy!"

"You foolish Alfeas. Listen carefully."

At the end of his life, Arcane said with a confident smile.

"Wizards... ... He is forever a boy."

400 people captured by the power of darkness flew off the cliff as if scooped up with a gourd. Alpheas couldn't understand. To use the mental strength he gained in exchange for his life on such a foolish thing.

'What the hell drives you? What does this stupid conviction bring?'

Anyway, now wasn't the time to care about Arcane. Alfeas, who poured all his energy into the Big Bang magic, hurriedly turned to his side and shouted.

"Save the students!"

As soon as the instructions were given, the THAAD turned into a flash and flew away. Shirone followed, and Nade and Iruki also teleported to the cliff. It was 400 people. You can't save everything anyway. However, the situation was so urgent that even such a thought was a luxury.

Sade descended halfway up the cliff and created a wall of air with air-type magic. However, he had to make a wall of at least 50 square meters, so the thickness had to be thin.

In the end, a hole was pierced in the weak part of the durability, and the students poured down.

Iruki and Nade were active under Sade. But it was too late to turn things around. Tears welled up at the sight of excellent students falling from children to seniors.

"Damn it! Damn, damn!"

Iruki looked at the sky through his hazy vision. The stars in the night sky twinkled, and a single flash descended vertically.

"Shirone!"

The flash passed even Iruki and kept going down. A red-haired girl caught the eye of Shirone, who was moving at high speed.

"Amy!"

Hearing Shirone's voice, Amy looked away. Since it was an impossible reaction when affected by Abyss Nova, Shirone shouted again with a glimmer of hope.

"Amy! Wake!"

'mental?'

Humans are thinking beings. Because he finds it harder not to think than to think. However, if you get caught in Abyss Nova, which blocks your memory, the source of your thoughts will not be provided.

"Amy! Amy!"

Still, Amy could think.

Because she is Amy of the Karmis family.

"Amy! Come to your senses!"

'It's annoying. Please don't do this.'

"it's me! I mean Shirone!"

'Shirone?'

What did you mean? It was an unknown word. But Amy couldn't let go of the three syllables that kept tickling her brain.

'What is it, what is it? what was it I'm very curious.'

Amy kept thinking. As electricity spread through her cerebral cortex, she began to seek out information. Finally, a pattern flashed and the meaning of Shirone rushed into my body.

'Oh right. Shirone! It was Shirone.'

Amy took a deep breath as if she thought she was dying of frustration. At the same time, her eyes burned red, triggering her crimson eyes ability. Abyss Nova burned in an instant, and her memories flooded in.

'What an idiot! What am I doing?'

Her specialty is her red face. Scientifically, she says it is self-image memory.

People of the Karmis family can return their condition to a specific point in time when the red eyes are manifested.

For example, it is possible to save the action of lifting a sword and slashing, and repeat the same action infinitely without error. Moreover, since it is an area of ??feeling like a schema, the correction of errors was also immediate.

The famous saying, 'One mistake is the foundation for progress, two mistakes are the shame of the family', was the word that revealed their confidence.

'what? What condition are you in now?'

Amy analyzed errors at the neural level based on self-image memory. She is currently in the sphere of influence of gravitational acceleration. Her center of gravity tilted 87.6 degrees and her heart beat 1.6 times faster.

'It's going down.'

I didn't really have any complaints about that. I saw Shirone descending on a flash of light. He remembered what had happened to him. How could he forget about you?

=======================================
[99] Infinity (3)





'Like an idiot... ... really stupid... ... !'

He came to me first, and I gave him coffee, but he threw away his hand coldly. Amy closed her eyes tightly as if turning away from the scenes dotted with her regret. She and she shouted with all her might.

"Shirone!"

Shirone smiled. It was fortunate that Amy had her memories back. At least for the last moment, she is able to leave as a Shirone who remains in someone's memory.

"Thank you, Amy."

Shirone's tears fell down Amy's cheeks.

'Why are you crying, Shirone?'

Amy was anxious. Something went wrong. Then, the moment she saw the will to live slowly slipping out of Shirone's eyes, she realized.

"Shirone! no!"

"Sorry. I couldn't keep my promise."

Shirone embraced Amy and fully opened her immortal function. As consciousness expanded to infinity, the ego began to fade like water.

'Hello everyone... ... .'

Father, mother, members of the Ogent family, and friends at school. Shirone could laugh because she was loved by so many people. A huge light flooded the bottom of the cliff. Falling students, Iruki, Nade, and even Sade were swept away by the brilliance and disappeared.

The next moment, a huge flash of light shot up vertically.

It was a mass teleport that moved as many as 400 people at the same time.

'Ah, that's right.'

Lying on the ground, Arcane watched as the flash of light soared over the cliff and dispersed in dozens of directions. It was only at the last moment that I was convinced. where she was And what a wonderful life she had.

'It's a playground that I regret playing for the rest of my life. Isn't that right, Alfeas?'

The legendary archmage who dominated the world passed away just like that.

"Master?"

Canis was dazed in front of Arcane's corpse. Wasn't he still a disciple? But he left without even leaving a will, doing what he wanted to do until the end.

"Was it really nothing? Were we just tools?"

Canis ran to Arcane and shook her collar.

"wake up! How could this be! I'd rather die! Why are you leaving me alone!"

Arin approached Canis with sad eyes. His reflection in menarche was the shape of a man made of liquid like sludge. The shape did not stay still for a moment, spreading like a liquid and rising again in the form of a human being.

"No, Canis. I didn't die because of you. That person took advantage of us. The villain of the world."

"Hehe, what's wrong? It looks like you've realized it now."

Harvest said in a muffled voice.

"Yes, Canis. everything died because of you Arcane, I will die, and someday Arin will die too."

Arin, who was glaring at Harvest, hurriedly turned to Canis. As expected, she was shocked, and as the human form collapsed, she was released into muddy water and stuck to the floor.

"Why? What did I do? Living in Radum? Is it because you are an unlucky child?"

"Because I am weak."

Harvest's conclusion was simple.

"How long are you going to live hoping that others will notice you? There is no such thing as saying that you have to live like this, or that you have to die like this. Arcane just lived his own life."

Arcane sacrificed his life in exchange for his evil beliefs. Harvest fulfilled the contract as a magical creature, even choosing to self-destruct.

'I... ... What did you want to die for?'

couldn't find anything Blindfolded, she was nothing more than a wildling colt. It was a life made up of all kinds of shells.

"Like Master... ... ."

"Yes, and like that boy."

Shirone was lying in the middle of the 400 students. He said he wouldn't hurt anyone. And he stood by his convictions to the end.

Canis approached Harvest and checked his condition.

"How are you?"

"If you ask me, I will die. Because if you don't parasitize life, you can't live."

Arin said.

"All you have to do is sign a master/servant contract with me. Canis will not be able to hold on because her mental strength is exhausted."

Harvest shook his head.

"I'm sorry, but that's not possible."

"what? why? It will perish at this rate!"

"Because my master is Canis."

Harvest's words pierced Canis' chest. It was time for him to raise the banner of his convictions. Will I be able to survive? Either way, both would die.

"Harvest. I will accept you as a vassal. But I will not forgive you for betraying me twice."

"Quack. You know. master."

"Canis! It's too dangerous! If it goes wrong... ... !"

Arin stopped talking. As the mud soaked into the shape of Canis, which was made of liquid, it was becoming hard. Will he one day be able to gain an unshakable heart? Like the look of Shirone she looked up to with her menarche.

Canis put her hand on Harvest. As the subordination contract progressed, Harvest began to suck up what little life force was left. His eyes closed as his consciousness fell into darkness.

Away from Canis and the others, Alpheas stood sadly. He saved the students by dying, but he lost too much.

"principal."

Ethella was of the same mind. Starting today, there will be big changes in the magic school. The students who have regained their memories will fall into confusion, and the mistake Alpheas made 40 years ago will also come to the surface.

"Ethella, I am a sinner."

"Don't beat yourself up too much. If even mistakes are unacceptable, human existence itself is a sin."

Alpheas shook his head. Anyone can make mistakes. But with everything comes responsibility. Like Arcane, he had no intention of running away.

"He is the one who raised dark magic to the ranks of great magic. Harvest can be said to be an innovation in the field of memory transfer. Abyss Nova will be registered as a prescribed magic in the Magic Association."

In front of Arcane's corpse, Alpheas put his hands together and mourned his death.

"Arcane, the Archmage who was always a boy. The magical path you have walked will be passed on to posterity."

Alpheas opened his eyes and looked relieved. Ethella, on the other hand, was still worried. It was an incident in which her entire school life was threatened, so it was not a problem to be dealt with within the school.

"Principal, what do you plan to do next?"

"What can I say? I am also in a position to wait for treatment. Why don't we leave the matter of punishment to the experts and praise the hero of the day instead?"

Alpheas looked around to find Shirone. He was a boy with a knack for surprising people the more he looked. He couldn't guarantee that even he could move 400 people at the same time.

"I'm in trouble!"

Where Shirone fell, Amy was weeping.

Feeling the unusual atmosphere, Alpheas and Ethella hurried their steps. Iruki and Nade were running from afar.

But before they even arrived, Amy shouted first.

"Shirone is not breathing!"

Meet God (1)





Syrone has spread enormously and also faded. He was permeating everything, forgetting even the lingering attachment to the world. Then some powerful force pulled him to a point. If there is more to humans than life, it is safe to call it the hijacking of the soul.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

As Shirone's mind was reassembled, her memories before attempting the Immortal Function came back. Trembling for a moment at the fear of his death, he let out a rough breath and checked his body condition. He seemed to have no special abnormalities except that he was not wearing any clothes.

"Where are you?"

It was a space full of white. I couldn't feel the distance in this place where the monochromatic scenery was infinitely spread out. I tried to move slowly, but I didn't even think I was moving.

'It's very strange. It feels like all five senses are paralyzed.'

Shirone suddenly came up with a unique idea. As an experiment, he slowly bent his knees and stepped on the soles of his feet as if he were going up a flight of stairs. Surprisingly, his body floated.

"what?"

Shirone endlessly climbed the stairs. Pausing for a moment and looking around him, he was speechless.

"... ... ."

I didn't feel like I was up there. Wherever I moved, it was just the same white scenery as before.

"There is no distance."

Space cannot exist if it cannot be measured. Shirone went down this time to confirm the hypothesis. The prediction was correct. No matter where it moved, it didn't move.

When I couldn't find the meaning to move anymore, I heard a woman's voice.

"awesome. Do you understand the meaning of space? You deserve to be here too."

Shirone did not look back. There was no concept of direction anyway.

"Who are you? Am I dead?"

A beautiful woman stepped out of a gap in the white landscape. When the sense of distance arose, the scenery changed in an instant. A gigantic temple he had never seen before was looking down on Shirone as if it would crush him.

"wow... ... ."

It was on an unimaginable scale. Even ancient temples were not so large. Hundreds of pillars supported the ceiling, each about two kilometers high.

"Here is... ... ."

"Nice to meet you, Shirone. I was waiting for you."

It was a woman with aqua-colored hair that reached her ankles. Since Shirone was born, she has never seen such a beautiful woman. It wasn't about her looks. value of existence. Her value here was absolute, just as the man she fell in love with felt that her lover was the most beautiful in her world.

"Oops!"

Shirone hurriedly covered her face. Unaware of his nakedness, he proudly exposed his body.

"Whoops. You have nothing to be ashamed of. Because this isn't your world. Your body is still in the original world."

The clothes were instantly put on by the woman waving her hand. Shirone stared blankly at her own figure until she finally gave up. There was only one thing that immediately came to mind.

"Is this the underworld?"

"Nope. The underworld is not. It's just a spot (dot) different from where you used to live."

Shirone tilted her head. A point is one dimension without space. A point moves to become a line, a line moves to become a plane, and a plane moves to become a three-dimensional space.

"no way... ... ?"

Shirone recalled the white space she had just stayed in.

"that's right. that's the spot. It is not that there is no space, but that it is compressed to infinity."

According to her words, it was natural that she couldn't feel the distance. But even though she is trapped in 1D, her own body is 3D. If she could measure the distance between her right and left arms, wouldn't space exist?

"Aha. It means that there is a third dimension in the first dimension."

"Your insight is great, too. that's right. That is the essence of space-time. No matter how huge the world is, it's just a dot when you see it from a distance. Conversely, if you go inside, no matter how small a dot, an infinite world is unfolding."

Shirone was finally able to calm down. In a world where logical conversation was possible, there was no need to be afraid, even in the afterlife.

"Then who are you?"

The woman laughed like an idiot. It felt eerie, but even that was beautiful to Shirone. Because she is the most valuable being right here.

"I am a god."



* * *



The magic school was in a state of total chaos.

It took eight full hours just to collect Arcane's body and send the students back to their lodgings.

The students were still lying in their rooms with their memories blocked. If the teaching staff regains their memories, the work will gain momentum, but thinking about the commotion that will happen when all the students wake up makes me nervous.

To make matters worse, Kanis and Arin, the suspects in the case, disappeared, so Nade, Iruki, and Amy were the only ones taking care of Shirone, who eventually moved to the infirmary.

In fact, the word caring didn't fit. Shirone wasn't breathing and his heart stopped. But he never put the word death in his mouth.

=======================================
[100] Meeting God (2)





"Shirone... ... ."

Amy held Shirone's hand with her eyes swollen from crying. The teachers were also in a state of distraught, so no one came to see them. No, maybe he had already admitted that Shirone was dead.

But Amy shook her head and denied it. She couldn't believe that Shirone was dead. She had too many obscure corners to be called an obsession.

Nade offered words of comfort.

"Senior, don't worry. Shirone will be back."

"right. Common sense makes no sense. Why the hell are you dying? If you were going to die from casting Mass Teleport, it shouldn't have been activated from the start. Something strange must have happened to Shirone."

Iruki frowned in disapproval. She himself has been by her side all night, but he has done nothing more foolish than to mistake the dead for living.

"If you're going to argue that way, Arcane should have lived too. Just casting magic is enough to kill me."

"The situation is different with Arcane! Shirone completely opened the immortal function. That has nothing to do with declining brain function!"

"Anyway, it's the same as exceeding the capacity. Humans can die from any variable. Whether he is dead or alive is what matters, and it is not reasonable to question why he died."

Nade frowned. Even if it was true, she had things to say and things to say in front of her girlfriends. Just as he was about to shoot, Amy approached Iruki with her cold eyes.

"You, you are as unlucky as ever."

Iruki looked at Amy with his chin resting on the table. Her eyes were burning red.

'It's the Karmis family. Well, if it's red eyes, it must be immune to spirit-type magic.'

The red face is a famous trait on the continent. Anti-magic was the only thing that could invade their minds, so it was understandable that they escaped from Abyss Nova. However, his thoughts were just there, and soon he looked away as if he was not interested and said.

"It's a bad habit to blame others when you feel bad."

"no. You are really setting the mood on fire. What are you? Are you really Shirone's friend? How could you think Shirone is dead?"

"I didn't think he was dead. They said she was dead."

"That's a worse word! And you, how are you talking about Class Five?"

"If you feel bad, refer it to the student council. It's okay if you get punished."

Amy couldn't stand it and approached. She then grabbed Iruki by the collar and lifted him up with the power of schema. Iruki's legs fell off the ground.

"Say it again. But this time I'll have to be honest."

"Oh, you are scared."

There was no emotion in Iruki's eyes. She just stared down at Amy with her empty eyes. However, she was the kind of person who would not hesitate to do anything if Amy turned inside out as well.

"Do the same thing I say. Shirone is not dead. Otherwise, you will end up lying next to Shirone."

"Shirone is dead."

"Shirone is not dead! Follow me quickly!"

"Shirone is dead."

Amy's crimson eyes flickered. Engineered the accuracy of his punches with his self-image memory, he targeted Iruki's 3rd and 4th teeth and punched him. However, even Iruki's expression did not change. He was about to stop exactly in front of his lips as he saw his acceleration diminish.

As expected, Amy stopped moving just before hitting. Iruki said dryly as he watched her fist tremble with her resentment.

"Ah, I'm glad."

"Do not be ridiculous! Unlucky Servant. People like you don't even understand the meaning of my stopping my fists."

Amy couldn't hit Iruki. No matter how much she hated her, she was Shirone's friend.

"It means to stop the fist. To the extent that I just drained my strength needlessly?"

Sparks flew in Amy's eyes.

"So, with that gaping mouth, are you saying Shirone is dead too? I know that? People like you don't even deserve to have friends."

"Maybe. But do you deserve it?"

"What is it? this is real... ... !"

Amy pulled her collar again and raised her fist. Then, Iruki frowned at her for the first time and shook her hand that was holding her collar.

"Ah, sir!"

As Amy looked at her while shaking her hands, Iruki walked over to the bed and pointed at Shirone.

"It is you who are pitiful. Does this look really alive? I can't breathe, my heart has stopped! But the truth is, you guys are talking nonsense, like saying you're alive, saying there's something strange going on, what kind of friends are you guys!"

"Then what! Shirone is in this situation, what are you asking me to do!"

"So think about it!"

Iruki shouted with an excited expression that was not usually seen.

"If you think you are alive, do you think the dead will come to life? If you're in the mood to talk nonsense like that, think of a way to bring the dead back to life!"

Amy, who bit her lip looking for something to say, finally realized and bowed her head sullenly. Iruki was right. Shirone was mathematically dead.

Nade said with a sad expression.

"I know what you mean. But, Iruki, how do you live? Like a way to bring the dead back to life... ... There can be no way."

"Hmph, that's your limit."

Iruki closed the door until there was a bang and went outside. Silence fell in the infirmary. Nade was relieved as Amy sat in her chair and covered her face.

"Seniors. Don't hate me too much. Iruki is also doing that because he is frustrated."

"it's okay. I don't want to worry about a child like that. To think of a way to raise the dead? Why don't you know that's a bigger wound?"

Nade couldn't answer that either. It may be an act like Iruki, but it was also true that I felt sorry for such a friend today.



After leaving the infirmary, Iruki frowned as he walked down the hallway. The two people I most wanted to see were waiting. Kanis was leaning her back against the wall, and Arin seemed uneasy to find where to put her gaze.

As the person who led this situation, we have to strictly monitor it, but the problem was that the current situation was not relaxed enough to pay attention to them.

Of course, it was the same that Iruki didn't have any composure. Had he decided to run away anyway, he would have run away right away. Even so, he couldn't escape the eyes of the Magic Association.

"Did you come to salt people? Or are you going to apologize now?"

Canis bounced on her back and fell off the wall.

"It's both. I came to do salting and also to apologize. It's okay to die in battle, but it's embarrassing that Shirone sacrificed herself for something meaningless. But I think you got the timing wrong."

He must have heard the sound of fighting with Amy outside. Iruki scratched his head annoyedly at the thought that he had shown a bad appearance and said.

"Good idea. If you go in now, you won't see anything good. The girl in the infirmary will start by breaking your leg. Try your best anyway. I go."

Kanis followed Iruki, who passed by, with her gaze.

"It doesn't matter. Getting the timing wrong means that the opportunity is gone. How can I apologize to someone who is already dead?"

Iruki, who stopped walking, looked back at Canis and widened her eyes terribly.

"what?"

"I totally agree with your opinion. dead is dead Seeing him making a fuss with the corpse lying down made me want to apologize."

Iruki thought for a moment, then burst out laughing.

"You speak well on the subject of dying and coming back to life. who's idea is that? you? Or a shadow?"

"... ... Do you want to play here?"

"Shirone is, from my point of view, a pretty annoying friend."

When Iruki brought up a sudden story, Kanis's forehead crumpled.

"Actually, I am a very strange and bad guy. So I decided to limit myself. In other words, Shirone is like my lock."

"huh. What a weak idea."

"is it? Well, if it wasn't for Shirone, I don't know if I would have thought of this. Anyway, there is no such Shirone now. So I want you to be careful with your words from now on."

Feeling something from Iruki, Arin took a step back.

"Because I am different from Shirone. You can do anything crazy if you put your mind to it. So you'd better pray that Shirone will surely come alive and dry me."

Iruki's eyes began to shine as he glared at Canis. Sparks from her cerebrum shone through her eyeballs.

"If Shirone ends like this, I will kill you first, no matter what."

As Canis' mental channel opened, Harvest's brainwaves came through.

-Kanis, it's a warning level. Caught in targeting

-Know. You already knew what a Servant was.

- It's not like that. The calculation speed is incredibly fast. Calculated by the movement of the Spirit Zone, it is estimated to be more than 10,000 times faster than our mental channels.

Canis couldn't believe it. The exchange of opinions with Harvest is faster than the speed of thought. 10,000 times faster there was a speed that could not even be imagined by human common sense.

-What level is that?

-This is the amount of information enough to analyze all events that occur in the city for 3 seconds. You need a special strategy to deal with them. But we are criminals. Causing an accident here has the potential to put things at a disadvantage.

Canis didn't want to back down. This stubbornness was the reason he was selected as Arcane's disciple, but the timing was not good. Arin intervened while Harvest desperately tried to stop him.

"But doesn't that mean you also think Shirone isn't dead?"

Iruki's Spirit Zone disappeared. Arin, who was watching her live through menarche, felt that her breath was now free. Iruki took control of his heart. He must be cool than anyone else. It was enough for the idiots in the infirmary to get swept away by emotions.

"Shirone is dead. If you don't admit the facts, there will be no solution. I'm just thinking rationally."

"Nope. You believe Shirone is alive. Maybe more than the two people in that room."

Iruki made an impression. The Servant had the strongest ability to calculate the causal rate of an event. There was no room for illogical sensibility to intervene.

"What are you talking about knowing about me?"

"I have the ability called menarche. We perceive everything as if we are seeing it for the first time. So I can't remember the shape of things. It looks different every time."

"therefore? What do you mean by that?"

"I can see your emotions in my eyes. In a completely different form from what other people see."

"I am fine. dead is dead There is no room for emotion."

"Nope. different."

Arin shook his head.

"Because you are crying with a very sad expression right now."

Iruki couldn't answer.

As Arin said, a hundred words were useless in front of menarche.



That night.

The door to the infirmary opened slowly.

Amy was lying on the cot, exhausted from crying, and Nade was napping in a chair in the corner.

Iruki approached Shirone. Sleeping and dying feel different. Seeing Shirone's cold face made me feel like I was going to collapse.

In the morning, teachers will come to check on Shirone. To hold a funeral, embalming would be done first, but then it had to be seen that there was no way to save Shirone anymore.

Iruki managed to control his emotions and took out the scalpel hidden in his arms.

'I will definitely save you.'

I looked at Amy and Nade, but there was no sign of getting up. She's been there for 2 days already and she's been extremely stressed so no wonder. Only then did Iruki use a scalpel.

The blade reflected in the moonlight cut through Shirone's skin.

=======================================
[101] Meeting God (3)





Shirone felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer. Even if this place was the underworld, it was a state of being reliable, but meeting a god was a completely different matter.

"Are you a god?"

"Don't you believe it?"

"well. I didn't even know there was a God, but I thought that even if there was, he wouldn't be this human."

The woman smiled.

"Every creature has no choice but to resemble its creator. It is like any object made by humans inevitably contains human thoughts and forms. Plants, animals, mountains and seas all resemble God. But the degree is different. Creativity is the criterion. For example, squirrels are more creative than rocks. In that sense, humans are quite like gods. and Shirone. You are one of the most godlike among them."

The woman reached out and stroked Shirone's face.

"Shirone. Would you like to create the world with me?"

Shirone was confused. Everything was so sudden and unfamiliar. Above all, the woman's words that this place is not the afterlife remained in my mind. Maybe it was something that gave me a little hope.

"Is there any way I can go back?"

The woman looked at Shirone in surprise and shook her head.

"Sorry, Shirone, there is no way to go back. Didn't you choose to end your life? Do you want to go back now?"

"That's not it. It was definitely something I was prepared for, and if it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have come back to my senses like this. Oh, there... ... Can I call you like this?"

"Sure. God is just a concept. I have no name."

"Then may I ask you one more question?"

"Whoops, whatever."

"Why are you lying?"

The woman's brow narrowed. That alone made the temple shake.

"God doesn't lie. No, I am an existence that cannot lie."

If God is omnipotent, lying is impossible. Because any word can turn into truth. But Shirone read it in the woman's eyes. She was hiding something.

"When I asked if there was any way to go back, I said no. But that's not true."

"Whether there is a way to go back or not, there is no way back unless I am there. That's why."

"That's a lie"

"You don't understand, Shirone. They said there was no way I could go back. So I can't go back, never!"

"Then I will tell you again. It has nothing to do with your doctor. What I want to hear is, is there a way to return to the original world?"

"There is no way!"

"Another lie!"

The woman's shoulders twitched. Shirone did not miss her reaction. As she panicked, the scenery of her temple shimmered as if she were submerged in her water.

"Are you really a god?"

It was suspicious from the start. Of course, there is no reason why the form of a god imagined by humans should be a real god, but even so, the woman's reaction was very human.

The woman nodded as if she knew something.

"Shirone. We have different conceptions of God. So there is a misunderstanding. God is not as sublime as you think. He is just the designer of the world."

When the woman held out her hand, a glass ball floated above her palm. Inside the glass sphere was a scene of a small town, with sparse people standing there.

"You see, I created a village. Of course it's a model. But you can move people like this."

The woman put her finger in the glass ball and carried the farmer feeding the horse to a nearby field.

"Okay, the farmer has moved. Changing space means giving time. Can you find something different from the world Shirone used to live in? There is not. This is God. I have now become the god of this town."

The woman held out the glass ball in front of Shirone's eyes.

"A god is, in the end, nothing more than a designer who can create a dimension one level lower than the one he is in. Why do you still feel that God is absolute? And that's the fun part. This farmer will not feel that a force has acted on his movement to a nearby field."

The woman pulled out the glass ball again and held it up with her palms. As she spread her arms wide, her village expanded in an instant and she covered the temple.

Shirone looked around. He had already entered the village. The two stood at the end of the trail and faced each other. Others still didn't move.

The woman approached the farmer who was tiling the field.

"This farmer has no idea how imperfect the world I've created is. Because I was born here. There is only one way to know."

"It's an immortal function."

"that's right. The immortal function expands the senses as a whole. This town is enclosed in a glass globe. Therefore, it is no exaggeration to say that there is no world beyond the glass sphere."

The woman put her hand on the farmer's shoulder. The farmer turned to light and covered the entire sky. In that state, as the woman held out her fist, the landscape shrunk and the entire village was once again immersed in the glass sphere.

Shirone stared at the glass ball quietly. He was filled with light emanating from the farmer.

"This farmer has been expanded entirely through Immortal Functions. But even so, I cannot recognize the existence of me. It is Shirone, and you are too."

Shirone's condition as a farmer did not seem like someone else's business. She said that if she hadn't tried to hijack the woman, she too would have been disseminated in a meaningless light.

"What do you want from me? Knowing that, what can I do?"

"This is it, Shirone."

The woman pressed the glass ball between her palms. Then the glass sphere shrank and compressed into a black dot.

"spot... ... ."

"Yes. This is the identity of the world we live in. The world you live in is, after all, just a dot. But once inside, an infinite world opens up. It is the space-time matrix."

The woman showed herself. The landscape of the glass sphere disappeared into dots and a new world was born. Another world within a world, and then another world... ... . Then, when we put our palms together, the glass sphere disappeared. Billions of worlds perished in an instant.

"Please enter the time-space I created. Create your spacetime there. Then a perfect universe will be born."

For some reason, she seemed to want to innovate her world. It wasn't a particularly embarrassing proposition. It was a decent ending if she became a god from another world in return for risking death.

"I can't."

The woman asked as if she couldn't understand.

"Why? There would be no cause or reason for refusal."

"Because if I enter your time-space, I will have to sacrifice someone like me again."

A glimmer of sadness flashed in the woman's eyes. But the change in her emotions was short-lived, and she soon returned to her cold expression, and she said to Shirone.

"What does that matter? It's the world you created anyway."

"But you are not a god."

For the first time, hostility flashed in the woman's eyes.

"You are a human being in the same world as me. The proof is that I was brought here before I was completely disbanded. Shouldn't God really be outside the world?"

The woman did not deny it. That didn't change the results.

"Shirone, you must follow my words. I called you for a purpose. If you refuse, you can go through the process of disbanding right now."

It is a spirit reconstructed with the power of a woman. So it might be free to go back. However, as long as there was even the slightest possibility of returning to the original world, Shirone did not intend to obey.

"It will not disintegrate."

The woman reached out to Shirone and cast the Almighty of Destruction. However, Shirone was not disbanded. Because she had already entered the Spirit Zone.

"You got another problem right. An excellent choice."

The woman's arm came down slowly.

"I get it now. The Spirit Zone was also a spot."

The spot could be infinitely penetrated by the principle of space-time matrix. It was the reason why Shirone, the spirit body, was able to enter the Spirit Zone again.

"And here... ... It is your spirit zone."

Shirone concentrated the energy of light. The woman frowned in displeasure. The red glow of her Shirone, rising from her body, was oppressing her with her ferocious aura.





Gold Medal (1)





The fifth day of Shirone's death.

The students all regained their memories. Children in particular were confused. However, since they were also talented people with exceptional mental strength than ordinary people, the aftereffects were not as severe as expected.

But the real trouble began now.

The incident in which the school was taken over by monsters exposed the vulnerability of the security facility. In particular, safety was a specification that had to be considered as a top priority under the regulations of schools that operate a dormitory system.

The biggest problem was that there were deaths among students. It was also Ariane Shirone, who was expected to be a promising star in the school.

Shirone was in the infirmary instead of the morgue at the request of Iruki and Nade. Common sense meant that a funeral should be held, but the teachers were also in a situation where they noticed.

The reason why there is no movement in the student council to determine who is responsible is because there has not been a ruling on Shirone's death.

In the end, it was like planning a strategy to avoid responsibility by turning Shirone into a specter.

Of course, there were not a few teachers who felt remorse for this method. Currently, they are gathering in the teacher's conference room to emphasize the urgency of the issue.

"We have to hold Shirone's funeral right now. I have to tell my parents too. If we don't deal with it now, the school's policy will be criticized later."

"It is not an easy decision. If the news of a student's death spreads, the aftermath will be devastating. You could lose the reputation you've built so far in an instant."

"Are you lying that the dead student was alive? Eventually it will be known! The position that schools should take now is to make a declaration of conscience. Reputation isn't the issue, the school might close."

"Who doesn't know that? Wouldn't you like to take a little more time to think about it?"

"Why don't you know that the more time you take, the worse it gets? Currently, Arcane's disciples are also missing. Missing a criminal is also fatal. We must act now."

Currently, the teachers who are delaying Shirone's funeral are divided into two groups. Those who made political calculations were on the side of trying to satisfy the anger of the students while wasting time as much as possible.

On the other hand, there were teachers who really couldn't accept Shirone's death. Representatively, Etella, Sade, and Shiina, who were directly involved in the scene at the time, were also in a position to doubt Shirone's death.

"Principal, tell me! I heard that the student council is being convened today. Teachers also need to take action."

The student council also had a big impact on the teachers' impatientness. This is because students with numerous families on their backs miss the right time to use their hands when they start accusing the school.

"I am in a position to watch."

Most of the teachers rose up.

"principal!"

Alpheas understood their feelings. The more time passes, the worse the school becomes. But he had more important things than the school's existence. It was the exact state of Shirone.

Is Shirone dead?

It was an absurd agenda for a magic school, a symbol of intelligence, to propose.

So I was more careful. If the dead person hadn't been Shirone, would he have even suspected this?

'You have to think rationally. But I can't.'

Perhaps only Shirone is receiving special treatment. But even knowing that fact, Alfeas couldn't let go of the subtle feeling stuck in a corner of her head.

=======================================
[102] Geumgangseung (2)





"I don't want to jump to conclusions about Shirone. We currently lack information about the Unlocker."

Ethella, who agreed with Alpheas, added.

"Shirone joined Immortal Function three months ago. And in this battle, it was extremely open. The Order recognizes the Immortal Function as a mental sublimation function. I think it could be a problem separate from life."

"What do you mean? We're not trying to hear the position of the Order right now. We want to get this situation resolved as quickly as possible."

Some teachers did not understand Etela's words. This is because Immortal Function is a realm, not a level. No matter how deep a teacher was in learning, he could not be confident that he was deeper than a beggar on the street in the realm of enlightenment.

The teacher who gave Etela a face mask said directly to Alfeas.

"Principal, change your mind. To be honest, though with all due respect, it all started with the principal's love affair. There is nothing more important to us than school. At this rate, the worst may happen."

Alpheas looked around the crowd. Dozens of eyes were exerting silent pressure.

"Worst case? What is the worst thing you can think of?"

"There may be an order to close the school."

"No, the worst is not like that."

A teacher said, beating his chest as if he was frustrated.

"I can't understand the principal's will. What could be worse than closing schools?"

"The worst thing for a school would be if all the students and teachers were dead."

The conference room was enveloped in silence. The gazes that were facing Alpheas diverged one by one.

"If it wasn't for Shirone, no one would have survived. Also, the list of those killed must include you."

Alpheas was disappointed with the spirit of the teachers who tried to exploit the death of their students instead of honoring them.

"Isn't there some possibility left? Even if it's a less than 1 percent chance, isn't it the child who gave up his life for us? Then shouldn't you at least try it until you try it? Even if the school is closed, isn't it your duty as a teacher to do your best for Shirone's life?"

"But, Principal, what does school mean to us? I feel sorry for Shirone too, but if you close the door like this... ... ."

"Schools will not close. I will take all responsibility. So, do your best for Shirone. Shouldn't we sacrifice this much for that child?"

The teachers could not refute Alfeas' words. For whatever reason, it is an undeniable fact that his life was saved by a student.

After the meeting, the teachers left the conference room with dark expressions.



Magic School Student Council.

Members of the student council gathered by class in a huge conference room. Unlike the teachers who were worried about the rice bowl, they were sensitive and felt betrayed by Alfeas' past.

"hello. This is student president Amira. We opened a seat to lead consultations regarding this situation. Please provide constructive comments."

Amira of Class Two declared a meeting from the podium. She majored in climate magic, was 22 years old this year, and was one of the first people to graduate.

As he is a representative left-leaning figure in the student council, the atmosphere of the discussion could be predicted. As expected, it was the conservatives who defended the school's position who applied for the right to speak first.

"This is Seriel from Class Three. As far as I know there is a serious public opinion criticizing Principal Alpheas on campus. But I think you have to be careful. The honor of the school equals the honor of the students. Under these circumstances, attacking the teaching staff could have adverse repercussions for future graduates."

"This is Cass from Class Four. Commissioner Seriel's opinion has a point, but this agenda is related to the morality of teachers. Even if it happened 40 years ago, it was a criminal act. I don't think there is a future for the school if it doesn't take responsibility for this part."

Naturally, Amira agreed with Cass. However, as befits her chairman, she did not show it outwardly and stopped at nodding her head.

"This is Olivia from Class Six. The main issue right now is whether Shirone is dead or not. As you know, Shirone is dead. But few students and teachers distort that fact. As a result, the school side missed two of the suspects who were aligned with Arcane, and the principal's accusation is also being delayed. This is a clear evasion of responsibility, and I think the student council should step up."

Amira was angry for the same reason. Currently, the teachers have delayed accusing Alfeas because Shirone's condition is uncertain.

Seriel objected.

"Aren't we over-interpreting the teachers' intentions? Syrone's heart isn't beating, but neither is decay. I know that there is a lot of discussion in the Ivory Tower about the opening of Immortal Function. If you consider these things, the judgment of the faculty is not incomprehensible."

The students reacted with disdain. It was an immortal function that even teachers could not understand, so there was no way they could accept it at their level. Some students didn't even know what an immortal function was.

It was the same with Amira. The highest level that a wizard can pursue. But what about that?

Magic was a knowledge-based phenomenon. I heard that this was the best while catching a cloud, but I did not understand what was so great about it.

"Hey, this is Veronica from Class Ten."

An eight-year-old raised his hand. Even though the student council was young to elect a representative for each class, the weight of the remarks was the same.

"Yes. Say it, Commissioner Veronica."

"What did Grandpa Alpheas do wrong?"

At the sound of a voice that looked like she would burst into tears at any moment, Amira frowned and let out a sigh.

'That's why I suggested separating them by class.'

said Veronica with a sniffle.

"Can't you forgive Alpheas' grandfather even if he did something wrong?"

"That's not right, Commissioner Veronica. This is a matter related to the honor of the school."

"But... ... Everyone makes mistakes, right?"

The atmosphere in the conference room was tumultuous. Certainly, the current remarks caused considerable ripples. In an unexpected harvest, the conservatives listened to Veronica's words and watched the development of the situation.

"I get scolded by my mother often. But she's not too upset. He said that anyone can make mistakes. Grandpa Alfeas made mistakes, but he has led the school well so far. So can you forgive me?"

Mark, wanting an opportunity, raised his hand and stood up.

"This is the mark of Class Seven. I agree with Commissioner Veronica. Of course, it is natural that the guilty person should be punished. However, I believe that we, who have trusted the security of the school and insisted on maintaining the status quo, are going aggressive. Unless the teachers are in a position to aid in the situation, I think the student council needs wisdom to know how to wait."

'Nice work, Mark.'

Seriel raised her thumb under the table, and Mark signaled with a nod.

A reversal of the atmosphere occurred, and opinions were tightly opposed.

Amira predicted the votes through each of their remarks. Overall, the lower classes tended to side with the school, while the senior classes tended to criticize the school. The tickets for the advanced class were half and half.

'I'll lose this if I do well.'

At this rate, there would be no way to accuse Alfeas. He has to seize the momentum of the reversal somehow, but it was not easy to extinguish the flames because the lower class, who are relatively young, tend to be swayed by emotions.

"This is Ardino Fermi of Class One."

When Fermi, who had been listening until now, raised his hand, the eyes of the audience turned to him. Since he was the first in the senior class and the first in the ranks of the next graduates, it was natural to wonder what he was thinking.

Seriel looked at Fermi anxiously. A young man with dark brown hair neatly swept back and wearing office-like ready-to-wear. But beneath his authoritative attire was a hideous sense of mischief.

He has enough skills to graduate, but for some reason, he gets eliminated every time. The next student council president was also considered a strong candidate, but in the end he abstained and handed over the seat to Amira.

To be honest, I don't know what I'm thinking. The only thing he knew was that he liked buntang and enjoyed everyone's struggle.

"Everyone here is indebted to Shirone. If it wasn't for him, he'd be dead already. Therefore, there must be some who cannot accept his death."

The students were stunned. They knew how hard Shirone fought for the sake of the entire school.

But on the contrary, Seriel became impatient. As far as she knew, Fermi wasn't the type to be grateful. She didn't know why she was suddenly bringing this up.

"I am also grateful to Shirone. However, the teaching staff uses such Shirone as their shield. So our judgment is not over the top. It's a struggle to protect Shirone's soul."

"What spirit are you protecting? Shirone is still dead... ... !"

"It has already been five days. Shirone's heart is not beating. There is probably no one among you who does not miss Shirone. Isn't it?"

Most nodded. Even if you don't think so, mourning someone's death isn't too difficult.

"Everyone misses Shirone and is grateful. So let's ask the question again. Does anyone among them really think Shirone is alive?"

Seriel realized Fermi's strategy. If you separate emotion and reason, guilt disappears and reality becomes clearer. Students will judge with sobriety.

"Of course, no one is like that. It's not cruelty, it's common sense. Even so, teachers still insist that Shirone lived. Like a cult cult."

Seriel hit the table and got up.

"That's not true! There's definitely something strange about Shirone's condition... ... !"

"What is so strange about it? I've read reports about immortal functions. But it has nothing to do with the magical realm and the death of creatures. We also obtained intelligence that Shirone's body had already been embalmed."

"That, that... ... !"

It was Alpheas' order. It was the foresight that if the immortal function was involved in the mind, physical loss should be managed here.

But it was unknown how Fermi came across a secret that only a few knew.

Amira asked, her eyes flashing fiercely.

"Embalance? Is it true what Commissioner Fermi said?"

Seriel glared at Fermi. Seeing that innocent smile made me even more annoyed.

'Bad child. while it doesn't matter You just want to cause a commotion.'

"Commissioner Seriel, please tell me."

Seriel sighed. The fight he could have won was lost in an instant mistake.

"I will exercise my right to remain silent. If you want more answers, please hold a formal hearing."

Keeping one's mouth shut in itself implies a positive meaning, but it was a world apart from speaking directly. The importance of the right to remain silent is to leave room for dissent. There was no need to do the stupid thing of driving a wedge in advance as you don't know which variable will turn the situation around.

Amira didn't waste time. If it was a come-from-behind atmosphere, now was the best point. Closing her meeting, she cast her vote.

"Then, we will start the secret ballot from now on."

result... ... It was as Seriel expected.



* * *



"Alpheas resign! Accept the investigation of the Inspection Department!"

"Proceed with Shirone's funeral! It's not a teacher's job to play with the dead!"

About 100 students who participated in the decision of the student council were protesting in front of the medical office holding pickets.

=======================================
[103] Geumgangseung (3)





Amira, who stood at the forefront, encouraged the students.

"The school needs to announce the whole story of this incident. Only prosecuting Principal Alpheas can ensure the future of the Magic School!"

"Right! Alpheas resign! Proceed with Shirone's funeral!"

Their shouts passed through the window of the infirmary and reached Amy's ears. Then the door burst open and Seriel came in.

"Amy, it's a big deal!"

"What happened? Why are they suddenly like that?"

It was natural for Amy to be upset. Just as she thought it was near the end of the student meeting, she suddenly gathered around and she was torched to hold Shirone's funeral.

"The seniors are doing their best and trying to accuse the principal. I thought I could protect Shirone, but Fermi's bastard made a fuss... ... ."

Amy could see the situation without looking. If it was Fermi, it would have been enough. In the end, the student council seemed to have caught up with the resignation of the principal. But I couldn't blame them for being unkind. The head of the school is morally flawed it was also a good thing for the future to rob it.

But it was too extreme. That's why Fermi's behavior annoyed me. It was the teachers' lukewarm response that sparked the anger of the student council, but in the end it was Fermi who set fire to the fuse.

"Bad child. While he himself lived thanks to Shirone."

"What now, Amy?"

said Amy, biting her nails.

"What can I do? You have to hold on."

Alpheas said to watch Shirone for a while. It was a miracle that he, the general manager of this case, persuaded the teachers.

Nade, who was looking out the window, turned to Iruki and shot at him.

"Are you satisfied now? There's a group of kids who think the same as you. Shouldn't you be with me too?"

"Will you do that if you want?"

Iruki also accepted without losing. After the fight that day, the two of them were still awkward.

Seriel frowned and said.

"Stop it. There's nothing wrong with us fighting each other. Now is the time to join forces."

"Sheesh! Iruki Do you think this bastard will join forces? It's like a guy with no blood or tears."

"Stop it. And Iruki, you are also self-respecting. Things got really serious. You don't know how a word can change public opinion, so I'm here for the time being."

"I have no intention of leaving anyway."

Iruki buried his face in the table and was lost in thought. It had already been the fifth day since Shirone died. It was coming much later than his own expectations.

'If the student council moved, the teachers wouldn't be able to hold on for long either. About 48 hours from now... ... .'

The atmosphere in the infirmary rapidly cooled. Everyone was suffering from this situation and was overly sensitive.

Amy stroked Shirone's forehead. Her common sense had to assume that she was dead. But is the current situation that holds on to her hope really normal?

'Please, please come back, Shirone... ... .'

Amy was unsure of Shirone's survival. But now, five days after the heart stopped, the realm of certainty had already passed. From now on, it was the realm of faith.



* * *



The woman looked closely at the red light emanating from Shirone's body. The principle of emitting high energy and vibrating particles would destroy any object.

"Shirone, don't do this. The magic is so destructive. It doesn't match your disposition."

"I don't want to fight either. But you intend to keep me tied up here. It can't be. I have to go back."

"Do you think you can win against me?"

Shirone shook her head. It was an honest feeling. Even though he was a being of the same dimension, he was a person with such strong ability that he called himself a god. No matter how bad he was, he had to be regarded as a higher level than Arcane.

Who the hell is this woman? And where is this place?

Shirone stopped thinking. At least he wasn't where he was supposed to be.

"Teach me how to return to the original world."

"Even if you teach me, there is no way it will be possible. It is an act that will drive you to death again."

"Even so, I think you should try."

The woman was not afraid of Shirone's magic. However, the power of the laser was not to be underestimated. The destruction of this world had to be prevented at all costs.

"like. I will do as you please. But promise me. If you return without being able to return to the original world, then please follow my will."

"How do I get back?"

"I can't give up any more. Will you still do it?"

No matter how terrifying the difficulties were, Shirone's thoughts did not change.

"like. But I will never give up."

"Your life is yours. Use it however you like."

The woman made a glass ball in front of Shirone's eyes. Inside, black darkness was spinning.

"Shirone. In order to return to the original world, you have to go through the reverse process of coming here."

"okay."

"It's not an easy thing to think about. It is a process of returning from a pure spirit to a human being. Human beings are a collection of all sorts of unpleasant elements. If you don't accept this, you will eventually change into a strange existence that is neither human nor anything."

The woman was convinced of Shirone's failure.

"The darkness you see now is a spot that penetrates space and time. Commonly referred to as a black hole. You can return to the original world through this place."

As the glass sphere disappeared, a huge darkness was born in front of Shirone.

"What can I do?"

"It's simple. You can go in. It is a spot that is connected to your body."

"thanks. I will not forget Grace."

Shirone was sincere. She was hijacked, but if it weren't for her, she wouldn't have had a chance to return to her original world.

"Don't be quick to thank me. Because I never thought you'd be successful. If you want to give up, just walk this way again."

Will that ever happen? If he died, he would die and he would never come back, but since it was something he hadn't experienced yet, Shirone didn't make any conclusions in advance.

"Then I will go."

The woman said, squinting her eyes as if she were sleepy.

"Have a good trip."

Shirone took the first step into the sphere. He felt the same way as when he first entered the spot. As expected, Shirone couldn't find an exit. No matter how far he moved, nothing changed.

Shirone, who inadvertently turned around, was startled. She was looking this way as the woman was still sleepy with her eyes. Time is not passing. It is trapped in the horizon of events that only occur in extreme gravity.

'I can't escape. It is absolutely impossible to escape from this place.'

Shirone finally understood what the woman was saying. There was nothing he could do in a place where even time could not escape.

As clever as he was, he was quick to face reality. Shirone turned around with a miserable feeling. she has to go back to her Shouldn't she at least live in the presence of people rather than be locked in darkness forever?

'for a moment. perhaps... ... .'

Shirone suddenly stopped walking. Time is forever caught on the horizon of events. But he had the ability to generate time. It was photonization magic.

Quasi-subluminous, subluminous, superluminous, superluminous.

The speed that the photon wizard classifies was four. According to Shirone's calculations, to pass through the event horizon, a speed faster than light was required.

'Superlight... ... Is it really possible?'

Shirone's level is at most sub-light speed. It seemed possible to reach sub-light speed with the addition of God's particles, but even so, it fell far short of super-light speed.

'Let's think about it.'

Time was not an issue as a method was found. After struggling for a long time, his eyes changed. can do. Now, without a body, it might be possible to reach super light speed.

'Immortal function.'

Even at the speed of light, you cannot travel across the vast universe. However, the speed of infinite expansion is instantaneous. Perhaps the immortal function was the key to reaching superlight speed.

In any case, going back was the priority. Shirone took a deep breath and opened the immortal function at the same time as she cast photonization magic.

The effect appeared immediately. The tremors accelerating at quasi-sub-light speed, sub-light speed, and light speed were transmitted strong enough to collapse the Spirit Zone.

"Ughhhh... ... !"

However, it did not reach the speed of light. It was impossible to cast magic through batteries unless the mind understood that it was faster than time. All that was left was the complete opening of Immortal Function. It is an unknown world that may disappear again, but he expanded his consciousness to the whole without delay.

The shape that made up the Shirone exploded and disintegrated into fine particles. At last something faster than light crossed the horizon of events and began to run toward the light.

'done!'

Shirone was still conscious. Even if he fully opened the immortal function, no particles were disturbed within the black hole. The exit was visible in the distance. There, his body was waiting.

'Goes! I'm finally going!'

Then all of a sudden it started to slow down. Particles of unknown meaning stuck between Shirone's particles. The particles combined to create meaning and acted like voices, disturbing Shirone's mind.

-feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding.

-breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding.

In Shirone's eyes, which grew heavier and heavier, he saw that the exit was getting farther and farther away. As the particles are complexly entangled, the simple meaning has evolved into a higher-order meaning.

-Ah, a birth. It is the lowest being.

- I don't want to die. mortal life.

Shirone realized that it was the process of becoming the human that the woman had talked about. She is a being thrown into the world, holding both desire and fear at the same time.

Could it be that all human beings have heard this voice in their mother's womb?

"Don't lose! I will definitely go back!"

-Where? There is nowhere to welcome you.

"To my world! Where friends are waiting!"

-They will kill you. It will interfere with feeding and reproduction. What awaits you is a collision of desires, a painful struggle, and a journey of death that must arrive.

"Aww! I can't hear anything! No words can stop me!"

Shirone desperately shouted. However, as the combination progressed, the drifting sound grew louder.

Humans were, after all, beings made up of countless sounds. As if a solo was buried in a chorus, Shirone eventually lost his voice.

-feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding. feeding.

-breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding. breeding.



* * *



The 7th day of Shirone's death.

The student council was still holding a sit-in. To be precise, they were the radicals who followed Amira.

In response, conservative students blocked the entrance and blocked entry. Factions split on the centrist side as well, eventually doubling the total number of protesters.

Most of the students in the school gathered in front of the building, and the protests day and night made the friends guarding Shirone nervous.

"Perform Shirone's funeral!"

"Execute! Execute!"

"Alpheas must be judged by the Magic Association!"

"Take it! Take it!"

Seriel covered her ears. He closed the windows, so the sound wasn't loud, but he couldn't hear it anymore.

"Isn't that really too much? Why do you keep worrying about not being able to eat Shirone?"

At Seriel's words, Amy, who was dozing with her face buried in the cot, raised her head.

"They must have their own position. Even the kids who normally hate Shirone would have participated."

"Is it Shirone's fault that Shirone is proud? They have a narrow stomach."

"All humans are like that. If there are people who acknowledge Shirone, there are bound to be people who reject her."

=======================================
[104] Geumgangseung (4)





Iruki, who was lying on the table, said.

"Have you done anything in the meantime? He said he chased and beat me up until yesterday."

Amy didn't even have the energy to get angry. She probably does as well as Iruki. She didn't want to lift a finger in the stress she'd been through for a week.

said Amy, resting her chin on the bed.

"I know because the situation is like this. But there are people who are fighting for Shirone right now."

Nade, who had been watching the sit-in through the window, intervened.

"Anyway, our side is mostly in the low-level or advanced class. On the other hand, most of the protesters are seniors. If they really come in, you can't stop them."

Seriel said.

"It will be fine for now. We have teachers. The principal is like that, Shiina-sensei and Etella-sensei are on our side."

"That's because the senior doesn't know. those... ... Your behavior has been questionable since yesterday."

"yes? What?"

Seriel turned to Nade and asked, but Iruki answered.

"Some people seemed to be missing. It's especially strange that Amira and Fermi are missing. At least one person has to stay and agitate."

Amy screamed in a fit of fuss.

"Hey! You talk respectfully to Seriel, but why do you keep talking bad things about me?"

Iruki looked away as if it was annoying. He had no particular reason anyway. He just had the simple idea that if he was Shirone's girlfriend, he was also a friend to herself.

As the door to the infirmary opened, Alpheas entered with Shiina and Etela. Due to the persistence of the student council, the faces of the teachers were also fading day by day.

"You have a lot of trouble. How about Shirone-kun?"

"As you can see... ... It is the same."

"yes. It is unavoidable."

Now Alpheas couldn't help but question. A week has already passed. If some Absolute appeared and said that Shirone would come to life, he could wait a year or ten years. However, the problem was that no one could prove that Shirone would return alive. It was a race against time.

"I will cast a spell on Shirone."

Amy and Seriel opened the way. Alpheas put his hand on Shirone's chest and cast a slow magic. It was an embalming treatment that could be done without harming the body.

After finishing the magic, Alpheas retreated again. Now Shirone will be able to get through another day.

But until when? Now, the teachers are silently watching, but as time goes by, the voices of dissatisfaction have no choice but to come out.

Shiina stared at Shirone and stroked her hair. The more she thought about it, the more unfair and resentful she was. To think that a promising wizard would end up like this before he even blossomed.

'That's why I said I should stop it.'

Shirone passed the overflow well. But what he got in return was frequent contact with Immortal Function. At that time, Etella said she would take all responsibility. He had no intention of criticizing now. If Shirone was wrong, she would spend her whole life comforting Shirone's soul.

"Teacher! It's a big deal!"

Seriel shouted. Amy and Nade were also looking out the window, unable to hide their anger. Shiina walked to the window. Amira and Fermi, who had not been seen until yesterday, were pushing documents toward the infirmary.

"On behalf of the students of Alpheas School of Magic, I will file a complaint against all teachers! Please allow me to take over the recruits of Principal Alpheas!"

Shiina's back ached. In the end, her concerns came to an end. The student council had super strength. It meant that not only Alpheas, but also the punishment of other teachers would be enforced.

When a complaint is filed, the situation escalates out of control. If the family of the student side intervened, the school would collapse without any room to deal with it.

When Shiina opened the window, the demonstrators instantly fell silent.

"What the hell is this all about? Is it the job of the student council to incite students to shake the school?"

Amira walked towards the window.

"It is not incitement. We don't want to go this far either. That's why I haven't filed a complaint yet. But there are too many questions. It's already been 7 days since Shirone died. Still, the teaching staff is reluctant to announce anyone."

"Shirone is not dead. He's just in a state of suspended animation."

"There can be no suspended animation without a beating heart. I also don't understand why corruption isn't progressing. Wouldn't it be possible with Principal Alpheas's magic?"

The student council seemed to have come to that conclusion. It was an accurate prediction.

But there are things in the world where you shouldn't judge based on results alone. The student council couldn't understand why Shirone had to be embalmed.

The origin of the problem was the immortal function. Even a student at a magic school knew nothing about the realm of nirvana, so he had no choice but to respond emotionally.

"It is as you think. Currently, Shirone is preventing corruption with slow magic."

Shiina readily admitted. She made a fuss not only with the student council, but also with the oppositional children blocking her entrance.

"Are you admitting to the charges?"

"It's too soon, Amira. Suspicion is a word that can be used in case the teachers think about escaping by using Shirone as a shield."

"Teacher is right. However, I have not heard of any circumstantial grounds to judge it at present. The student council cannot understand this kind of response from the faculty."

"Teachers did not acknowledge Shirone's death. He's also not thinking about getting out. So I ask for your understanding."

"Sir, Shirone's death is sad for us too. However, the student council does not want their precious alma mater to fall like this."

"I understand that you cannot trust the current teachers. But we also thought carefully and made the best decision. It will be your judgment whether you believe it or not."

Amira savored Shirone's words. She couldn't rule out the possibility that her teachers were aware of something she was missing. A human being is a being who believes in what he thinks is right.

But no matter how many times I thought about it, I couldn't understand it. Shirone is already dead. No, he honestly felt good just to have all the teachers around him, dead or alive.

'Is it right to go this way? Am I rational? What if Shirone survives? But that can never happen... ... .'

Amira also did not want to sue unless it was for the position of student council president. However, if she is defeated, the damage will be to her students.

Fermi, who was watching, did not like the way Amira was conflicted. Thinking that the plate might break if we continue like this, we decided to go ahead.

"In the end, a compromise cannot be found. Then we have no choice but to use the last resort."

Shiina looked at Fermi with a displeased expression. She was the first student like that in her four years of teaching. Although she possessed great talent, she was more adept at hiding it.

Believe in lies, and enjoy using that power to control the situation. This may also be a necessary ability for a wizard, but it was not a skill that a student should have.

"Heh, whether you file a complaint or not, do whatever you want. In the end, you will be the ones who will regret it."

"Okay, let's do it! First of all, we will take care of Shirone's body and proceed with the complaint process! So let's go! We will rescue Shirone with our own strength!"

Fermi advanced to the infirmary, led by the seniors. There was no one who could stop them who were already caught up in crowd psychology.

"Let's hold Shirone's funeral and accuse the teachers! The owner of the school is not the teachers, but the students!"

"wait a minute! Don't do this!"

The students of the Syrone faction, including Maria, stood in their way. However, it did not have much effect and the road was soon opened. The side with Fermi was mostly seniors like the sky. Numerical superiority was meaningless if it went into a skill event.

"Aren't you doing too much? Still, the life of a student at the same school is at stake!"

Mark stood at the corner of the road with his unique pulpit. However, in the eyes of the graduating class, the juniors in Class 7 were not even worth talking to.

At that moment, a window on the third floor was broken. As debris fell, the students rushed back. Nade jumped off the building. The protesters frowned as the fly magic wind pushed away the dust from the ground.

Nade raised his head slowly, and life blazed in his eyes.

"Turn it all off, before I kill you. No one can lay a finger on Shirone."

When the situation came to this, Amira gave up her thoughts and took action. She was already spilled water, and when she is pushed from her momentum, even public opinion is pushed.

"What is this? Don't you know it's not going to be a waste of time? And you say that you are killed by a senior? Where did you learn this habit?"

Nade didn't hear a word. He only had the thought of protecting Shirone.

"You want to take Shirone? If so, go all in. Instead, life cannot be guaranteed."

A bluish bolt floated above Nade's head and scattered powerful lightning bolts around him. It was lightning magic lightning. But more terrifying than that was the plasma rising from Nade.

Amira widened her distance, showing a look of bewilderment.

'How the advanced class uses plasma... ... .'

In order to cast plasma magic, you need to build a super-high temperature battery or implement a hypothetical super-high temperature with omnipotence.

However, since the former method was not developed, all plasma wizards belong to the latter, and it was difficult to reach because it was not something that could be learned through theory.

Iruki looked down at Nade with a displeased look.

'Stupid bastard. I've been patient until now.'

The only person in the school who knew about Nade's past was Iruki. Five years ago, Nade was a completely different person than he is now. But he put on his mask, vowing never to show his face again. But now he has taken off the mask. Only to protect Shirone.

'If I do this, I'll feel a little sorry.'

Iruki smiled bitterly and turned around. And like the man he never was, he slipped out of his infirmary without anyone noticing.



The protesters were quite embarrassed. Even in his senior year, he knew how dangerous plasma was because there were licorns called electric monsters.

Nade glared at Amira and said.

"Finally, a warning. go away."

"Why are you doing this? What does protecting a friend who is already dead mean to you?"

"Shirone is not dead."

Nade shed tears with wide eyes.

"What do you know? What are you talking about knowing something about Shirone!"

Seeing Nade's tears, Amira sympathized with him. But she had no intention of giving up.

"If you want a physical collision, I can't stand still. I will subdue you first before the students are harmed."

Amira took a step back and brought her fists together. Her gray-white clouds curled up and circled around her. It was cloud magic, a kind of climate system. The compatibility with electricity was very good. No, at Amira's level, she could charge Ned's electricity into her cloud and hit it back.

"anyway... ... Why do you do something you can't even handle?"

Iruki walked out of the front door. Nade frowned. What else did he appear to bet on? However, the place where Iruki stopped was next to Nade, not Amira.

"what? do not disturb This is my fight."

"But from now on, it will also be my fight."

"Weren't you on the other side?"

Nade's tone was brusque. There was no resentment left between friends, but there was no reason for Iruki to intervene in this battle, who judged that Shirone was dead.

=======================================
[105] Geumgangseung (5)





"You're not a kid, are you splitting sides? I am sincere too. Because I don't want them taking Shirone."

Amira made a puzzled expression. Her desire to protect her friends is imaginary, but she was in the advanced class anyway. There was no way she could fight against this side of her senior year, most of them.

"Do you guys know that you guys are really great? Do you think you can win against us?"

Starting with Amira, all the demonstrators entered the spirit zone. The powerful John of the senior year level was transmitted through Nade and Iruki's synesthesia.

'Quack. Heck heck.'

Watching their confrontation, Fermi secretly shook his shoulders. The current situation was ridiculous and to the point of death.

'yes. fight, fight Destroy it as much as you like.'

Fermi knew that all profits are created from chaos and confrontation. In that sense, war is the best blue ocean. Because wealth accumulation is impossible unless the few winners exploit the many losers.

Fermi knew how to win wars. You have to castrate your emotions. Human weakness is, after all, emotions. Those who use the emotions of others rule the world.

'Be sad. Be angry. Scream that only you are right. That's how you raise the plate. Of course, I'll take all the stakes.'

Shiina, who was monitoring the situation in the infirmary, caught Fermi in her eyes.

'It's all your fault. He looks like a bad guy.'

I was angry, but I couldn't criticize. Because Fermi's philosophy is also not clumsy. Perhaps Fermi is even taking advantage of the situation Shirone is in.

Alpheas approached Shiina.

"I can't help it now."

"principal."

"Looks like this is it. Accept the student council's request."

cried Amy.

"principal! No! And what about Shirone?"

"Amy, I'm sorry."

"How can you do this! You know, the principal! That Shirone isn't dead yet!"

"no. Actually, I don't know."

Shocked, Amy froze. Alpheas put his hand on her shoulder and said.

"Amy, no one knows Shirone's condition. just believe in I also believe Shirone will return."

"But why... ... ."

"But look. Aren't even the kids who don't care anymore fighting? It doesn't matter why this happened. I can't let the disciples fight any longer.

The other students were as precious to Alpheas as Shirone. Such students were now spreading the spirit zone to kill each other. In this situation, serving only Shirone was a selfish act.

"I will go down and tell you. Inform Shirone's parents and proceed with funeral arrangements. We will discuss the disciplinary matter later."

Amy slumped and sat down in her chair. Seriel approached with tears in her eyes.

"Amy, what should I do? Shirone, Shirone... ... ."

Amy's heart was no different. In the end, Shirone never returned. The moment Alpheas acknowledged it, it felt like Shirone had disappeared from her heart.

"Shirone... ... ."



The atmosphere in front of the building was on the verge of exploding. Everyone had their spirit zones open, and anyone could use lethal magic if they made a decision.

Amira felt skeptical again. Is this really the right way? What kind of logic can precede alumni to aim at each other's spirit zone and cast murderous magic?

She gnawed her lips and looked back and forth between Nade and Iruki. Nade was already ready for battle, but Iruki seemed to have room for conversation.

"You, do you achieve it? Servant ability."

Iruki didn't answer.

"Do I really have to do this? Your friend is too emotional. But you are no different."

"I'm sorry, but I'm emotional right now."

"lie. no, it doesn't matter anyway do you know Do you really think your friend is alive? Is that your conclusion?"

"Hmm, conclusion. Then there is only one answer."

Iruki, who lowered his eyes and was lost in thought, glared at Amira and said.

"Shirone is not dead."

Nade looked back at Iruki with a surprised expression. Until he was in the infirmary, he didn't know why he suddenly changed after claiming that Shirone was dead.

"Iruki, you... ... ."

Iruki was still looking straight ahead. Amira's disappointment increased. She was expected to be the most rational person in the school, but in the end, she was just a kid in the advanced class.

"If you really think so, then you must have logic to convince us?"

"of course."

Amira blinked for a moment. She couldn't believe it until she heard it.

"Then give me a reason. Why do you think Shirone is alive?"

"Because it's 4 o'clock... ... Shall I say that?"

Dang. Dang. Dang. Dang.

The bell rang in the clock tower.

The reason why he measured the time without looking at his watch was because he was a Servant. The method was simple. It is a matter of counting 1 second at a certain point in time.

Nade realized why Iruki's talkativeness had decreased lately.

'I was stocking up on candles. But since when?'

Amira stared blankly at the clock tower. Then, realizing something in her, she turned her head.

"I get it now. you are just crazy What does time have to do with Shirone's death?"

Iruki didn't answer. He thought there might be some errors, but he was running much later than expected.

'Four o'clock seven seconds. 8 seconds. 9 seconds. What are you doing?'

Amira finished thinking. His own judgment is right. Her attempts to converse with the emotional Nade and her originally crazed Iruki were in vain.

"We will take Shirone. Let's see how far we can hold out against our senior year."

Nade's eyes were filled with murderous intent from the energy emitted by the best students in the magic school. Then I heard an unfamiliar but familiar voice.

"You guys are having fun. Why don't you put me in too? This is my major."

Everyone looked around. However, the identity of the voice was not visible. After a while, two men and women rose from the shadows cast over the building. It was Canis and Arin.

Sparks flew in Amira's eyes.

"you! How dare you say where is this place! I will arrest you right now!"

"Anyway if you can. I have no intention of running away anyway."

Canis responded with a snort and approached Iruki.

Iruki frowned as if annoyed.

"It's too late."

"You told me to come by 4?"

"It's been 27 seconds."

Kanis was upset, but she tried to calm herself down. In any case, the first thing to do was to end the Eun-Won relationship.

"Here you are, what you asked for."

Iruki quickly accepted the documents Canis handed him and turned the pages. Only then did Nade, feeling curious, look at the documents and ask.

"Iruki, what is that?"

"The dragon's report. I took a tissue sample from Shirone and sent it to you."

"What? When? No, more than that, how can you come from the capital in five days?"

It was a distance that would take four days even by carriage. In addition, it took time to analyze the torpedoes, so the actual round-trip time was less than 48 hours.

"I asked Kanis. Basuka's geography is also sharp."

Canis gritted her teeth as she recalled the hardships of the past. It was a mortal journey, albeit punctual for her. During the day she rode in a carriage and at night she traveled to the Dark Fort. Her speed was faster at night, but it wasn't once or twice that she lost consciousness due to exhausting her magical power to the limit.

"Anyway, I don't owe Shirone anything with this."

Canis didn't feel particularly sorry for Shirone's death. However, as a disciple, he felt a sense of responsibility for the sacrifice of Shirou by Arcane's atrocities.

"Well, that's none of my business. Anyway, I'll tell Shirone that."

As the situation turned strange, Amira became uneasy. Especially when it comes to dragons, it was the best organization in the kingdom, headed by Iruki's father.

"What the hell is this trick? Do you think we will back down just because we are Mercodyns?"

If it was a Mercodyne, there was no choice but to feel intimidated. However, the families of the students gathered here were by no means lame. It was a battle of strength that was worth trying if we pushed through the numbers.

"Don't worry about that. Because I wrote my name. If my name is written down, I don't know what kind of prank the old man will play. Isn't the more important thing what is written in the document here?"

"huh! Are you saying there are even magic phrases that can bring the dead back to life?"

Iruki closed the document and read it from the beginning.

"title. Opinion on immortal function and cessation of biological activity."

Upon hearing the title, protesters flinched and shut their mouths. The people in the third-floor infirmary also pricked their ears at Iruki's continued words.

"Analysis of a tissue cell sample from the subject. Non-mechanical apnea. No organism-specific modifications were found in samples taken after 24 hours of death. Data attached."

Iruki moved on to the next chapter.

"Based on the above data, it can be seen that the subject's biological activities have stopped, but it is unreasonable to extend that state to the cessation of function, that is, the absence of life."

Iruki emphasized this part as if it were an important part.

"In dragon mine, there are three cases of cardiac arrest. First, a state in which the function of the heart has stopped. Second, a state in which the function of the heart temporarily stops. Third, a state in which the heart has not stopped but appears to have stopped phenomenally."

Amira shouted with an absurd expression.

"What nonsense is that? I may not know the first case, but the rest makes no sense!"

Iruki turned to the next page as if he knew that.

"Explanation of usage. In a state where the function of the heart is stopped, the organism can be considered dead, but two new cases are likely to occur in the immortal function."

In the quiet atmosphere, Iruki's voice rose.

"Case 1. If mental expansion is being delayed by a particular event, it is possible that the body temporarily ceases to function until the conclusion of the mind is reached. Report attached."

Iruki nodded in agreement and read the next chapter.

"Case 2. Even if mental expansion is over, there is a possibility that the observer's time will change. In other words, life activity is normal, but it refers to a state in which the activity cannot be confirmed from the outside due to the barrier of time and space. Report attached."

Iruki didn't feel the need to read any further and flipped through the pages until he reached the end.

"Based on the above magical findings, the subject, who is currently lying in the infirmary... ... ."

Yongleo's opinion was put out in front of the demonstrators.

"Aryan Shirone can never be considered dead."

All the protesters who had made so many noises remained silent. They also know because they are wizards. That there is no one who can refute the opinions analyzed by Yong-roe.

"Iruki. since when did you... ... ."

Iruki looked back at Ned, who was making a blank expression, and smiled.

"how? A way to raise the dead that I have found."

Nade pursed his lips shyly. There really was. way to bring the dead back to life. While everyone was sad and holding vain hopes, Iruki had been fighting alone.

"Now, check it yourself."

Iruki gave Amira a written opinion. She took it silently and looked at the first page of her opinion. The dragon's seal was clearly stamped.

Further struggle was futile. The kingdom's best academic institutions are proving that teachers are right. Even if a complaint was filed, the court was likely to favor the school side.

"You have suffered a lot, Amira."

Alpheas appeared at the entrance of the building.

"principal."

=======================================
[106] Geumgangseung (6)





Amira's eyes, which had been firmly planted, shook for the first time. She had a wick like steel, but she couldn't help but melt when she saw Alpheas' face.

Why not? He had been following him since the days when he used to pee on the blanket.

"sorry. For making you do this hard work."

Amira lowered her head and tried to hold back the tears that were about to spill out.

"I don't mean to hurt the headmaster. The more respected the world is, the more you shouldn't cover up your mistakes, and if you go on like this, even school... ... ."

"Why don't you know? No one here hates you. You are the future of the school."

Alpheas looked at Amira with pity. All the students who gathered here were like the upbringing that they had raised. I was sorry for hurting them.

Raising her head again, Amira looked at Alfeas with moist eyes. She had a benevolent smile like the one she had seen in childhood.

"Will you trust me just once? Once Shirone's work is finished, let's handle everything transparently. Even if any punishment is given, I will do my best to stand out in front of my beloved disciples. I will never run away."

Hot tears ran down Amira's cheeks.

"Are you really coming back? I respect... ... ."

"then. There will be no deceit in punishing me. I promise you with the honor of a lifetime."

Amira wiped away the tears with the back of her hand. She could never cry in front of Alfeas. She wanted to show a more mature version of herself than she did when she was younger.

"All right. Since you said that last time, the student council will accept the principal's opinion and review the agenda again. Please do not do anything that damages your honor."

Alpheas smiled happily. He grew up to be a wild and smart student. In a short voice of his tongue, 'Principal Dundaeng!' The child who ran to me while calling out has grown up like this before I knew it.

'Erina, I guess my life wasn't in vain either.'

When the student council president made the decision, the protesters immediately dispersed. The conservatives who occupied the entrance also scattered, leaving the front of the building deserted in an instant.

Fermi, the only one left, scratched his head shyly.

"Ah, it went well and then ruined it at the last minute."

Alpheas burst out laughing.

"Chuck! Looks like things didn't go your way this time, Fermi."

"I can't. Honestly, I think it's against the rules for the principal to step forward."

"Should I graduate now? You too will be twenty-two next year."

"well. I don't even have money to make here yet."

"Is that so?"

I knew at least that Fermi was the key figure behind the incident. However, Alpheas was proud of being a disciple who had grown so fast.

"Besides, it's still fun here. Enough then."

Without saying hello, Fermi saluted and walked away. Perhaps he wouldn't even be in the student council after today. Because peaceful places don't make money.



Iruki and Nade, who headed to the infirmary, were silent. It was the first time we had a serious fight since five years ago, so the awkwardness still lingered. But as expected, Nade couldn't stand this atmosphere.

"Hey! How can you not say a word? You don't have to fool me, do you? Is it just to make you look cool?"

"You are laughing. What strategy are you discussing with the guy swimming butterfly in the sea of ??sorrow? Besides, if the information is leaked, the other side will also come up with a means. Why is your head not spinning like that?"

"Yes, I am stupid! You are very good at yourself!"

Whether they were angry or swearing, the conversation was open and the awkward feelings disappeared in an instant. Iruki asked with a worried expression.

"How are you anyway? No matter how tempered I am, should I reveal my old personality?"

Nade also covered his head as if he had a lot of regret.

"Oh, I don't know. I didn't even have time to think of anything else at the time. Anyway, it's okay because we didn't fight."

"Because I was so cool. You may have already been erased from my memory."

"You are laughing. Did you calculate everything after all?"

"Hey, how are you? Bow down to me."

Their conversation ended when the door to the infirmary opened. Amy was out to meet her. Iruki scratched his head embarrassingly. As for Nade, it was still difficult for him to treat Amy comfortably.

"Well, once it happened like this. Anyway, since Shirone was protected... ... ."

Tears flowed from Amy's eyes just as she was about to gloss over it.

"thanks. Thank you, Iruki... ... ."

Iruki put on a terrified expression.

"Sheesh, it's okay."

Emotionally weak, he entered the infirmary as if running away. But there, another mass of emotions, Seriel, was waiting with his arms wide open.

Iruki escaped from Seriel's arms and took refuge in Shirone with the weaving technique of boxing.  

'Oh, this is why women hate it.'

Seriel and Amy, who met at the door, hugged each other and started running. In addition, Nade joined in and went round and round in the infirmary.

"Wow! live! Shirone is alive now!"

In the bright atmosphere of the tide, a soft smile appeared on Iruki's lips. But her heart wasn't very good. The death was postponed on paper, but nothing improved.

Shirone is still motionless as if asleep. Even after graduation, the promise to be together was vivid, but it did not feel real that the person concerned was dead.

'Come back. I'll wait forever.'



* * *



Shirone regained his sanity. To be precise, in a mad state, he went mad again. His mind was repeating normality and madness like a rapidly spinning coin between the N and S poles.

I was crazy a thousand times. She desperately tried to hold on to her spirit that was about to be overturned, but the huge stimulus that surged infiltrated into Shirone's essence and changed her disposition.

"You are a given child. Your parents would have been fine with anyone other than you. Was there ever a hard time while raising you? I would have regretted it every time. I mean, I just picked it up. If it were my real parents, I wouldn't have thought of this."

"no! It can't be!"

"You must be an illegitimate child. Anyone in this world can be adopted. They are not your parents."

The cries of the soul spread as the particles of Shirone shook.

Oh oh oh oh!

"Your essence is a sneaky predator. An existence that tramples everyone with superior abilities. Your strength inevitably causes someone to fail. You are a tumor unnecessary to the world."

Oh oh oh oh!

Shirone went crazy again. I felt like I was stinking from my mind. When the union ends like this, what will I be reconstructed into? devil? Yasha? Devil? It was unknown.

The speed of impact has accelerated even more. As soon as the limit was reached, two tendencies began to coexist in Shirone's head, which rotated from pole to pole.

It was a new world.

In an extreme mental state that no drug can reach, Shirone has finally found the only solution to maintain her sanity.

That was the starting point.

If the boundary of the cycle is called the limit, the origin is the starting point of the limit. But it contained possibilities that encompassed the entire world.

Some people call it a spot. Some call it the Spirit Zone. Some say Taegeuk. But the sorcerer called it like this.

infinite.

Shirone's eyes widened. The spirit zone was sucked into my head, and countless particles that were scattered at superlight speed began to be restored to my mental body.

At the center of infinity, Shirone did not waver. As the voice that had been tormenting him disappeared, the intensity of his psychic body tightened like an adamantine.

The realm of gold medallion that can be reached after thousands of agony.

It was a gold mine.

Shirone gazed at the exit with a radiantly burning body. There was no more confusion. As he moved his stride, the warm, bright light of the exit penetrated his body and became one.

A small, transparent glass marble floated in front of his eyes. Inside the marble, small enough to fit in the palm of your hand, was the temple you had just stayed in, where a woman was looking up at Shirone.

"You are leaving at last. Shirone."

"sorry. But I want to go back."

"You don't have to be sorry. Because I honestly thought it wouldn't work. You deserve it."

I didn't expect that the woman would let go, so my steps to leave were rather heavy. Is that why? Even though she knew it had nothing to do with it, Shirone had no choice but to ask.

"Have you ever been lonely?"

The woman blinked with a puzzled expression, then smiled warmly.

"Shirone is a kind person. But God doesn't feel alone. I'm just a little sad that you're leaving. Very little."

"Thank you for bringing me back to life. I really wanted to tell you this."

For an instant, the woman's expression became serious.

"Remember. There are no second chances. You, who have reached the stage of Vajrapani, are no longer worthy of being invited by me."

Shirone nodded as if resolving and moved toward the exit. I felt a warm light as my mind began to be sucked into another dimension of time and space.

'It's finally back.'

A woman's voice was heard in the distance.

-Please say hello to the principal.

Even in a clouded state, Shirone was suspicious. How does she know Principal Alfeas? However, her thoughts didn't last long and she was sucked into Shirone's body as her mental body melted away.



* * *

 

The 10th day of Shirone's death.

"Mmm."

Amy woke up rubbing her sleepy eyes. I heard her crunch as I leaned her back from her seated position in her chair. She stayed up all night, so it felt like her brain was still asleep even though her body was moving.

Looking around, the other friends haven't woken up yet. After drinking her water and washing her face, she approached Shirone while wiping her face with a towel.

"Shirone. I will come back today... ... ."

Amy groaned and held her breath. The sound of her heart beating reached her eardrums. A shudder ran up her spine and quivered down her shoulders, neck and face.

Shirone opened her eyes.

"uh? uh?"

Amy called Nade and Iruki, who were sleeping on a blanket on the floor.

"Hey, here... ... here, here... ... ."

No words came out. I should at least make a sound, but it felt like my throat was clogged. Amy tried a last resort. Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes tightly and exclaimed.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Nade and Iruki jumped up at the sound of screams that seemed to leave the infirmary.

"what! what!"

to everyday life (1)





Alpheas calmed his shaking heart and held out his hand. When he saw Shirone open his eyes, even he, a certified 4th-class magician, couldn't help but be surprised.

Currently, Shirone is under the slow magic. He probably spent the whole night just lifting his eyelids. The only way to know if he was really alive was to break the spell.

Alpheas put his hand on Shirone's chest and turned back time. However, Shirone still showed no signs of moving. No one could have guessed what happened next. I have no choice but to follow the will of heaven.

"Huh!"

Then, Shirone breathed in and raised her upper body. The faces of the people watching nervously brightened. Shirone, on the other hand, was terrified, like someone who came back alive from hell.

"what? What happened?"

Shirone was stunned by the sudden amount of air. The world seen in the slow state was an abstract painting full of colors. As the landscape returned to normal, people's faces were visible. Amy and her friends were crying behind Alfeas.

=======================================
[107] To daily life (2)





From Shirone's point of view, not much time had passed. After entering Immortal Function, he met a woman and all he did was get out through a black hole. But in reality, it had already been 10 days.

Shirone smiled awkwardly and raised his hand.

"haha. hi?"

"Sounds like hello, you jerk!"

"Aww!"

Amy turned Shirone's face into a fist. There was no shock from her, but Shirone, who collapsed on the bed pushed by her power, looked back with a teary face.

"Ouch! What's wrong all of a sudden?"

Amy shed tears like chicken droppings.

"You bastard, worrying me like this... ... You bastard!"

Shirone put on a blank expression. Everything was rushed and embarrassing. But he soon realized something and smiled warmly. Amy's tears spoke of what had happened.

"Sorry. because of me... ... ."

"Shirone is back!"

Nade and Iruki pushed Amy forward and buried Shirone in the bed. Amy, unintentionally thrown into Shirone's arms, shouted with her blushing face.

"Kyaaak! Hey, go away!"

"OMG! it hurts! It hurts!"

Shirone also screamed in pain. In fact, it was more embarrassing than painful. Thinking that he wouldn't be able to look at Amy later, he twisted as hard as he could, and his friends fell to the ground.

"Whoa, what the hell is it?"

Sitting on the bed, Shirone looked like a refugee who had been bombed. On the floor, the fallen Amy caressed her sore back, nagging at Nade and Iruki.

"It's a grandiose welcome. After all, being young is good."

Shirone looked at Alfeas and corrected her expression. His presence alone made it clear how serious the situation was.

Shirone asked Nade what he was most curious about.

"What happened to Arcane? What about other friends? What the hell happened?"

Nade, who had been nagging Amy, shouted with an absurd expression.

"It doesn't matter now! You've been dead for ten days!"

"what? 10 days? Is it dead too?"

"Of course not, man! My heart is not beating, how can I be alive? Please explain what happened."

Shirone seemed shocked and couldn't speak for a while. She should tell you what she's been through, but he doesn't know where to start.

The door to the infirmary opened and the teachers entered. Shiina makes a surprised expression when she sees that Shirone is awake. She was, of course, someone who prayed earnestly for her to come back to life, but when she saw her, she was shocked.

Although she did not realize infinity like Shirone, she had a vague idea of ??how terrible and painful it is for a human being to come back from a disintegrated mind.

'Still, you're back. Thank you.'

Shiina smiled and glanced sideways at Etella. She was the one who had been haunted by her immense guilt for 10 days. As expected, she approached Shirone with a face about to cry.

"Shirone."

"Sir, I am sorry. I again... ... ."

Etella hugged Shirone to her chest without even hearing her words.

"sorry. It's my fault. Even if you paid a little more attention. It will never happen again."

To the friends, it was a beautiful hug between the priests, but from the point of view of Shirone, it was to die for. Ethella hugged her so tightly that she couldn't breathe. Her shame aside, she really felt like she was suffocating.

"I-over there, sir... ... ."

"yes?"

"Sorry. Help me."

"Oh my!"

Ethella hurriedly removed herself when she heard a snort from Shirone.

"sorry. I'm so happy that I don't even know... ... ."

Shirone drew in a breath with a tired face. But this feeling was also temporal. The fact that he came back is just as good, he said with a smile.

"Now I feel like I'm back."

Realizing her mistake as her friends' eyes widened, Shirone hurriedly shook her hand.

"No, I'm not like that because of that. So this... ... ."

"You son of a bitch, what are you doing?"

Amy ran over and pulled Shirone's cheek.

"Why? Am I not that realistic? yes?"

"Nope! Because that's not what I meant!"

Nade and Iruki burst into laughter. Alpheas watched with delight as Shirone was hanging out with her friends, then sneaked out of her infirmary without anyone noticing. From now on, the person to be busiest was himself.

"principal."

When I looked back, Shirone, who had escaped before I knew it, was closing the door to the infirmary and walking towards me.

"What is it? I think it's best to rest for a while. Listen to the progress from your friends. It seems that schools will be closed for the time being anyway."

"Yes, thank you for caring. By the way... ... I have a question for you."

"yes? Are you curious?"

Shirone told everything about what she had been through. From the moment he entered the realm of infinity to how he returned to his original world through a black hole.

At first, Alpheas also listened with interest. But as the story progressed, he gradually hardened his face. Especially when Shirone explained the woman's abilities, she closed her eyes and sighed.

"Did she say she knew me?"

"Yes. I asked the principal to say hello. It's a hazy memory, but I think that's how I heard it."

I wondered if Shirone had brought up something useless. Alpheas' expression was much worse than expected.

"Yeah, I think you know who it is."

"Yes? You know?"

Shirone's eyes widened. Alpheas is obviously an excellent wizard, but the woman was staying in a place beyond life. It was strange that he had met two people who lived in different worlds.

However, Alpheas thought differently. Necessity, not coincidence. It was decided that Shirone met her from the moment he realized her immortal function.

"Who the hell is that woman?"

"Adrias Miro. At the time, it was called the Labyrinth of Time and Space. He is my disciple who majored in scale magic."

Shirone put on a blank expression. He never dreamed that he would have been a disciple of Alpheas. She was particularly shocked when she found out that her powers, which she thought were divine powers, were actually magic.

"What is scale magic?"

Alpheas scratched his eyebrows as he chose the words to explain.

"Shirone. In the wizarding community, those who have reached the immortal function are called Unlockers."

"Yes. I have heard of it."

"Then it would be easy. The maze is also an unlocker. Ever since I was little, I had a great sense of inquiry. She dug endlessly. A world larger than the universe, a world smaller than a particle. Scale magic is magic that can only be used by those who have realized the infinity of time and space."

Shirone remembered the time she met Miro. Certainly, her main ability, the glass marble, freely expressed the relativity of time and space.

"Miro said he had been watching me all along. Is that possible?"

"No need to worry. Miro is staying in a different dimension from you. However, when the immortal function is opened, it may instantly reach the same dimension. Miro must have been waiting for that moment."

"But why did it have to be me? Unlockers are rare, but according to Arcane, I've heard that they're not too few. There must be many unlockers who are better than me."

Alpheas stroked his beard and took a break. What I am going to tell you about now is a top secret that no one knows except for teachers who have worked for more than 20 years.

"Miro is the first president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society."

Shirone recalled Miro's face. It is surprising that he is the one who created the research society he is currently in, but he seems to have hardly aged even though he was the first president almost 20 years ago.

"Miro is not obsessed with phenomena. I saw that there are so many things that cannot be explained with knowledge. Together with his classmates, he opened a research society in Istas. Mikea Gaold, the current head of the Tormia Magic Association, is also one of the early members."

Shirone imagined the members at the time. According to Nade, the master key of the magic warehouse, Estas, was created by the same Servant as Iruki. It wouldn't be Maze, and it wouldn't be Gaold either. I could roughly guess how talented the early members were.

While Shirone was lost in thought, Alfeas also recalled what happened 18 years ago. He was a good kid. If only it wasn't for the events of that day. Suddenly realizing that he had forgotten something, he looked back at Shirone.

"Shirone, do you know how many students there are in total?"

As if he didn't ask to hear an answer, Alpheas immediately continued.

"Of course, the total number is always changing. Because someone graduates, takes a leave of absence, and gets disciplined. But no matter how many members there are, this school always lacks one person."

Alpheas turned his head out the window and said.

"Miro didn't graduate. I am still staying at this school."

Shirone swallowed his saliva. It was like hearing a ghost story passed down from school to school. But what does it mean to stay? Didn't she say that she lived in another dimension?

At that moment, the scale magic appeared in Shirone's head.

"Then please... ... ?"

Alpheas nodded and said.

"yes. The labyrinth is in Estas. Of course, it is a higher dimension created by scale magic. People who know it call it the Upper Level."

Alpheas put his hand on Shirone's shoulder.

"Shirone, promise me. I decided not to tell anyone about today. The upper echelons are not for you to know. Never, never get involved in the upper echelons. It could throw the world into chaos."

Shirone did not immediately respond. the world of unknown. unlocker. scale magic. All the information was shaking his mind. Of course, I have no intention of stepping into a dangerous place. But to say he would never get involved would be a lie in any way.

Alpheas sighed as if he knew that.

"If you want to know more about the maze, I will at least allow you to investigate the Kergo Ruins. I am not suggesting this to placate you. It's too dangerous to break into the upper levels right away. So please keep this."

Shirone then nodded. There must have been a reason for Alpheas to be so strict. Also, it was the same as he wanted to approach step by step.

"I know. But he is spooked to think that he is staying in Istas. I don't think he'll be able to sleep at the study meeting. He might appear out of nowhere."

"Don't worry. Miro will never leave the space he created."

Shirone tilted her head. Being so sure meant having a way to prove it.

"But you are a very good person. Is there any special reason?"

Alpheas looked out the window with a sad expression. He didn't say anything with certainty. But he knew the maze would never return.

"To Miro, this world is... ... Because it hurts so much."



* * *



Alpheas, Canis, and Arin left for Basuka, the capital, to be investigated by the Magic Association. According to the teachers, the temporary closure will continue until the association's decision is made.

Shirone was admitted to the infirmary. He hadn't had a heartbeat for 10 days, so it was the medical staff's judgment to watch the progress. Shirone also didn't want to do anything for the time being, so he was killing time with his friends.

"Shirone, I'm sorry. I was very sad."

Seriel said with a tearful smile. The one thing she regrets the most after she regains her memory is that she savagely pushed him the day Shirone bought her coffee.

"No. It's because of magic. Seriel sunbaenim didn't do anything wrong."

"Anyway, how could I forget you?"

"It's really okay. Don't take it to heart too much."

Seriel's eyes softened like those of a deer.

"Shirone is really friendly. So what are you going to do now? Are you going to claim my body?"

"yes?"

=======================================
[108] To daily life (3)





Shirone's face turned into an embarrassment. The reaction of his friends was no different. Amy shook her head and said, putting her hand between her brows.

"Seriel, what books are you reading these days?"

"yes! This one!"

Seriel pulled out a novel as if she had been waiting. On the painty red cover was the title Primal Lasso.

"This is the hottest book on the bookstore these days. It's about a married nobleman falling in love with a lady-in-waiting, and lines like this come out there. I broke your plate. What are you going to do now? Are you going to claim my body? So after her nobleman tied her up with her rope... ... ."

"stop! it's okay. All the way!"

Amy raised her hand to stop it. I felt like I couldn't go any further.

"what's the matter? This is a fun part from now on."

"Seriel, no matter how much you like fiction, please don't confuse it with reality. Such books are meant to captivate readers with primary colors and stimuli."

"huh! yes you don't see If you read it just once, you will fall in love with this world. Shall I borrow this for you?"

When Seriel held out the Primal Lasso, Amy hurriedly turned her head away. She said that if she agreed to her request, she would suffer from her comments for at least a week.

Shirone leaned back on the cushion and said.

"Sigh. Today is the last day in the infirmary. Thank you for coming all this time. Senior Seriel too."

"What a sad sound. To be honest, I was dying from studying for my senior year. It was nice that Amy and I could breathe."

Amy didn't deny it either. The stress was at its peak because of competing for rankings every day. As such, the temporary school closure was like a sweet rain for the seniors.

Seriel said with a gloomy expression.

"But the principal is worried. To be honest, this decision was unexpected. It's a matter that can be handled by Creas Autonomous District, but you said you'd be directly inspected by the Magic Association."

Alpheas voluntarily filed the complaint. As he had a high reputation on the continent, he could have been able to cover up the situation, but he accepted all the student council's arguments. In the end, the agenda was passed on to the 3rd Division of the Inspection, which was said to be the most vicious in the Magic Association.

"The 3rd Inspection Department is called the special prosecutor even in the Magic Association. It's a personal connection and whatever, they say they follow the law unconditionally. Even Principal Alpheas will not be able to avoid discipline."

Shirone thought it was a good thing.

"The principal lived with pain for 40 years. I think accepting discipline is a good thing, if this opportunity can lighten the burden even a little."

said Nade.

"For now, let's watch the progress. Who are we worried about? It's Alpheas, a certified 4th-class wizard. I'll be busy again after the school closure, so let's take a break while we can."

"yes. That would be great."

Shirone looked back at the window.

The afternoon sun was coming in with a languid light.



* * *



capital Baska.

The view of Baska from the underground mountain range was a structure in which the royal castle rose as if to pierce the sky, and the core institutions spread like concentric circles around it. Residents of the capital say that the building that can be seen when looking down from the underground mountain range is the institution that symbolizes the nation.

One of them was the Magic Association. The 18-story building was the central part of the country, managing the affairs of all wizards registered in the kingdom of Tormia and taking charge of the wizard society's surveillance and intelligence missions through liaison with other organizations.

It is a place that any magician would like to visit at least once, but Sade, who was chosen as the leader of Alpheas and Canis, felt like a cow being led to the slaughterhouse.

"Master, is this really the best?"

"It is what I wanted. My only regret is that I dragged it on too long."

Alpheas's determination was firm. THAAD also did not ask with any expectations. However, he only wanted to reaffirm his master's will because once he crossed the threshold of the association, he could not go back.

"All right. Then I will wait until the trial is over."

Alpheas had a happy expression. After taking Canis and Arin, he surrendered himself to the inspection department, and the three of them were locked in private rooms and waited for a day.

When the next day came, Alfeas entered the investigation room first. In the meantime, Kanis and Arin were waiting for their turn in a quarantine facility covered with magic devices. The Magic Control Device makes it impossible to enter the Spirit Zone. But on top of that, even Harvest was not active.

After about 3 hours, the call order fell.

"Kanis, Arin. come out."

Although the charges have not yet been officially proven, Magic Association officials have already treated the two as criminals. It must have been because he had heard the report from Alfeas, who had completed the investigation first.

Canis and Arin silently followed the instructions. As I entered the corridor where the investigation room was located, I saw Alpheas walking from the other side. Canis thought to pass by him indifferently. But right before they crossed each other, Alfeas looked back at the jailer and said,

"I'm sorry, could you give me a minute to talk?"

"Ah yes. But not too long."

Canis snorted at the guard's completely different attitude from her own. The reason Alpheas is treated well is not because he is strong, but because he is famous. It made me feel bad that he, who was inferior to Arcane in terms of his magical skills, was taking the leeway of a winner.

As the guards avoided their seats, Alpheas spoke.

"There is nothing to be too nervous about. You just have to answer a few questions and come out."

"Aren't you mistaken? We are not the meek students you teach. fought countless battles No matter what happens, there is nothing to be afraid of."

Kanis, who had gone through all the hardships on the battlefield, definitely had something that kids her age didn't have. However, because he lived such a life, there were many things he lost. Alpheas wanted to give it back to the two who still had a bright future.

"Actually, that's why I asked to see you."

"What are you talking about?"

"If this is over, why don't you go to magic school?"

Canis felt like she had been ripped off by swearing. Doesn't he know how he lived? He told me to mix with the flowers in the greenhouse as he learned magic while crossing life and death.

"Do not be ridiculous. I didn't lose because Master was weak. If it wasn't for Abyss Nova, no, if we were officially attached, I could have blown you and the like in one shot."

"It could have been."

Alpheas accepted it meekly.

"But if it hadn't been that way, I might have gotten down on my knees first and begged for fault."

Canis bit her lip. What he said was unacceptable, but he couldn't even refute it.

"Kanis, that is what evil is. No matter how good the reason is, it is bound to be hated. you can go higher I want to give you a bright future, not a dark one."

"Why do you care about me? Do you sympathize?"

"I was also a disciple of Arcane. That would be the death penalty for you. Just as time cannot be turned back, relationships last forever. I will help you if you want to live a new life."

Canis didn't respond. Now, what's the point of a new life? The only thing he learned was combat, so he had no choice but to live on the battlefield.

As Alpheas walked away from the corridor, the guard grabbed Canis and Arin again and dragged them to the interrogation room. Contrary to what I had imagined in Inferno's prison, the investigation room was neat and tidy. A small man was sitting at the table with his back to him. From the back, there was nothing to confirm other than that it was silver hair.

"Inspector, these are the suspects in this case, Canis and Arin."

"Oh, come this way."

A ghastly voice like sharpening iron. As a person running around the scene of the notorious Inspection Division 3, I felt the energy like a blade. Canis and Arin turned around the table and sat down facing the investigator. Contrary to expectations, it was not a scary impression. He had a pointed chin like a cat's and smiled with thin narrow eyes.

"My name is Sakiri, an inspector from the 3rd Inspection Division. Canis and Arin, are you the right person?"

"you're right."

Kanis replied calmly. But there was no answer from Arin. Kanis turned his head and asked, not wanting to offend the inspector.

"Arin, what's wrong?"

Arin was trembling with a pale face. Kanis grasped the situation by the fact that Arin's pupils looking at her Sakiri were shaking in her shock.

'What did you see that surprised you so much?'

"Kanis, I can't read... ... ."

There is no way Arin, who is in menarche, cannot read the feelings of things. Therefore, she was originally saying that she had no feelings or that she had artificially erased them.

In fact, the way Arin looked at Sakiri was bizarre. Her entire body was made of metal as smooth as a mirror, and her egg-shaped face had no features. Her hands and feet were conical, making it impossible to read even the slightest emotion. She was in the form of menarche, which can only come out when her emotions are completely blocked.

"Gee, the lady must have been surprised. She says menarche, is that it? I blocked the magic, but there is no way to block the unique trait. Of course, I don't think the two of you will go on a rampage."

Sakiri put down the pen and crossed her legs, as if interested.

Arin watched as the conical legs twisted. It was twisting and untwisting like a pretzel.

'This person is playing around.'

It's not just suppressing emotions. He was someone who had complete control over his emotions.

"Concentration."

Arin raised his head. The inspector's mirror-smooth face stretched into a pointed cone, reaching just in front of her forehead.

"Please do it. For now, it's because I'm on duty. Arin, is that right?"

"Yes, that's right."

Arin, terrified, didn't even know he had answered. Her sharp cone aimed at her forehead is probably Sakiri's fierce gaze. It was the first time that menarche was revealed in such a neat form. It occurred to me that if any criminal were caught by this man, he would not be able to break even a bone.

Canis and Arin finally faced reality. It was a situation that was caught by the most powerful and authoritative judicial institution in the kingdom. As the two of them waited in dismay, Sakiri's face, which had been pointed like a needle, returned to a smooth metallic egg shape.

"Well, I wrote a police report based on Mr. Alfeas' statement, but there are a few things to check. Please answer my question."

Sakiri checked several points through Q&A. Arin and Kanis answered honestly. After an hour had passed, Sakiri said with a satisfied expression as she organized the files.

"Yes. Most of the statements agree. There are some things I don't like, but it's not particularly important."

It was too complacent to say that it came from the mouth of an inspector from the Inspection Department. However, Sakiri leaned back against the back of the chair as if it was not a big deal and continued.



"After all, isn't it some kind of brainwashing? So that's it. Arcane used your miserable life to brainwash you from childhood."

"what?"

Canis' eyes tightened. I'd rather be called a villain. Sakiri's remarks were no different from completely denying the roots of Kanis's life.

"Master never forced me to do anything. I did it, and I did it."

Arin, who knew the strength of an investigator, was nervous when Canis got angry. However, Sakiri's form, seen through menarche, was still unchanged.

"It is a vicious tactic. After saving them and making them respect them, they say this. I need something like this, but of course I don't necessarily want you to do it."

Canis didn't know what the investigator was talking about. He himself came to this place to pay for his sins. But now he's brainwashed. Is he thinking of putting him in a mental hospital?

=======================================
[109] To daily life (4)





"So what are you asking me to do? What difference does admitting to being brainwashed make?"

"Yeah... ... They will be acquitted, both of them."

Canis' expression went blank. He himself followed Arcane to break out a criminal from Inferno. He was also responsible for endangering the lives of hundreds of wizarding schools. Even if he was not the main instigator, it was a verdict that could never come out of innocence.

"innocence... ... Called? U.S?"

"Oh, of course, if you admit to being brainwashed. After all, the current association is focusing on the possibility of brainwashing."

If you admit it, you will be released. become free Both herself and Arin can live a new life as if nothing had happened.

This time, Kanis's blood was also dry. What was most strange was the association's judgment. Why is there a fuss about releasing criminals when it is not enough to catch them?

"Oh, and one more thing."

Sakiri looked through the files as if she had just remembered. Maybe he really did. After all, Arin couldn't read the investigator's feelings.

"Arcane's exclusive lawyer sent an official letter. She requested anonymity, but the notarization is over. Let's take a look. These are documents related to his property details, will and inheritance."

"history?"

Sakiri pushed the papers on the table as if no words were needed.

Kanis checked each one with trembling hands. Arcane's will was nothing special. In his plain handwriting, he merely wrote down matters to be dealt with after death.

Among them was this phrase:



[Document] Transferred all property to Kanis



'Master... ... .'

In fact, I didn't think that he was a warm-hearted person or that he secretly took care of his disciples. Rather, he was a person who confidently pushed his convictions, so there was no lie in his attitude towards him.

Arcane proved that fact in his will. He was someone who didn't care about the lives of his students, but he still considered Kanis as his only student.

After putting down the will, Kanis checked the details of her property.

Real estate including various dungeons, items such as magic equipment, expensive artifacts and rare herbs, and the amount deposited in the bank were clearly organized.

'1, 10, 100, 1,000, 10,000... ... .'

Kanis counted the total of the property listed at the end.

'4.8 billion gold... ... .'

Even if it was the wealth that Archmage Arcane had accumulated over 150 years, it was a huge sum of money. As such, Kanis couldn't understand the current situation. He suddenly said that he was innocent, and he was saying that this time he became the heir to a legacy of 4.8 billion gold.

Sakiri scratched her head as if embarrassed.

"By the way, there are actually some problems. The reason why Arcane inherited the inheritance from Kanis-kun must have been the recognition of his disciple. But in the Magic Society, so that's what a kind of brainwashing is, isn't it? It's injecting a false ego. In the end, I think Canis was tricked by Arcane. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to commit such a heinous thing, right? That's why the association is somehow reviewing the acquittal. But then... ... ."

"No inheritance? Because you're not Arcane's disciple?"

Sakiri put on a mild expression for the first time. Of course, menarche did not change as much as the tip of a hair.

"Yes. There's just that part. This is because the target that Arcane inherits is the brainwashed Canis, not the unbrainwashed Canis. In the end, this money will go over to illegal funds and be returned to the association, but I want to hear Kanis-kun's thoughts before that. If you admit to being brainwashed, you will be acquitted. And all you have to do is sign here."

Sakiri held out an additional document. Kanis looked at it with empty eyes.

memorandum of renunciation.

Admitting that you have been brainwashed will make you innocent. It's because he's just a victim of being used by Arcane. However, if that happened, the property that Arcane had inherited would pass into the hands of others.

In the end, the association chose the practicality of 4.8 billion gold rather than catching two youngsters.

"I can give you time, but it could adversely affect the trial. It's because it becomes a heart that doubts the arbitrariness of the crime. does it actually make sense? Of course I was brainwashed. Otherwise, would Kanis-kun and Arin-kun commit such a heinous crime?"

My mind went blank. He thought he wasn't afraid to die fighting. However, the investigator says he is not guilty. He apparently did something bad, but he says he never did.

'This place is no different from Radum.'

The outside world was also not a hothouse with the sun beating down on it. It was just a battlefield where huge desires swirling around under the guise of law.

When Kanis hesitated to answer, Sakiri clicked her tongue and stood up.

"Then give me some time. about an hour... ... ."

"I will sign."

Sakiri, her knees half-extended, stopped moving. Then he smiled again and sat down in his chair.

"Good idea. Alright then here... ... ."

Sakiri handed over the fountain pen she used. Canis put her name on the signature line of the waiver.

With a creak, the pen scraped the paper. Sakiri accepted the pen with a hearty smile and confirmed the memorandum.

"Congratulations on being free. It is said that the yard is over, but it was a good choice. If I had hired a lawyer, things would have been more complicated."

be a lawyer I didn't even think about it. Maybe I should have hired a lawyer?

No, Sakiri wasn't lying.

If the Magic Association had been a good place, they wouldn't have brought in a waiver from the beginning.

"What shall we do now?"

"well. Well, you can leave once. Because I am free."

Kanis and Arin were literally dog ??hair. However, as if Sakiri didn't care, she just packed the documents and turned around.

"Where are the release procedures... ... ."

"There is nothing like that. You can just go."

Kanis was able to see what was going on inside her attitude, as if she was kicking out a troublesome traveling salesman.

From the beginning, the Magic Association didn't even look at them. It was only about 2 hours, despite the hassle, to get back Arcane's property.

What was more miserable than having his pride hurt was the strength of the association, which he knew but could not help. I could feel with my skin what a great person Arcane was, who fought proudly with the nations of the continent.

Kanis regained her composure. Now it has become self-evident. He himself is a battle mage. And since he knew how to fight, he had no more hesitation.

"Hey, you."

Sakiri turned her head in front of the door.

"Did you call?"

"Are you a wizard too?"

"Hmm, you can say that. All the staff of the Magic Association are wizards."

"What grade are you in?"

"It's official 5th grade, right?"

Canis could imagine the enemy's level. The Magic Association's investigator was a certified 5th grade, and he was such a man.

"I will not end here. I will never sit down like this."

"okay. It should be. Then let's go."

"Someday definitely... ... I will make you my subordinate."

Sakari, who was turning the doorknob, stopped moving. And after thinking for a moment, she turned to Kanis and smiled thinly.

"You must study hard for that. In fact, the competition for this position is not usually fierce. But if that kind of situation comes... ... ."

Sakiri put her right hand on her chest and said.

"I wish you well at that time."

Despite the investigator's unusual attitude, Canis did not respond. I just realized how thoroughly pragmatic Sakiri was. It doesn't cost money to bow your head once. After all, no one knows the future.

As Sakiri left, Arin turned to Kanis with a smile. There was nothing wrong with her, since she was acquitted anyway. What could be better than rotting her whole life in prison with 4.8 billion gold in her arms?

"Kanis, you made a good choice."

"Oh my god... ... There are many strong people."

The corners of Kanis's mouth went up slightly. Now that he had a new goal, his heart was beating as intensely as when he first met Arcane.

"Arin, let's become stronger."

"yes... ... ."

Arin looked at the door Sakiri had left. Canis will come back here someday. Because this is not the end for them, she too could move towards her future.



After leaving the investigation room, Sakiri went straight to the inspector's office. Compared to the seriousness of the situation, the work was done easily. It was great that Arcane died. There was no legal conflict, and Alfeas' admission of guilt was also a major factor.

The inspector's office was a luxurious room with a marble floor. A man called the Iron Inspector, a legend of the Inspection Division 3, was looking out the window with his hands behind his back.

"Inspector General, these are the settlement documents for this case."

"Leave it on the desk."

Sakiri put the folder on the desk. Normally, I would go back like this, but this time I couldn't suppress my curiosity and turned around in front of the door.

"Is the Alpheas gun okay?"

"Why? Do you think something will come out from the upper level?"

"Six months of suspension is on the weak side. But the words don't seem to come out. If this happened 40 years ago, there was no intention of injury, and the 4.8 billion gold is converted into jewelry, I think it's an appropriate agreement."

"Then why do you ask?"

Asking back meant as expected. Sakiri smacked her lips as if she scratched it for no reason. However, since the words came out, reversing them was also a handshake.

"I wonder if the meaning of atonement is involved."

The inspector was silent for a long time. Then he slowly turned and looked at Sakiri.

"I did feel sorry for Alpheas. But he has never determined the punishment of a sinner by personal feelings."

"sorry. I made a mistake."

"Stop going out and see."

Sakiri was at a loss and hurriedly left the inspector's office. He is a notorious investigator for criminals, but at the Society he is just a wizard watching his superiors.

The inspector opened the file. After examining the sentences meticulously, he took out a fountain pen and held it to the approval column. Countless memories passed through my mind. Now he too is a gray-haired old man, but when he recalls that time, he still feels a throbbing pain in his jaw from being beaten at Alpheas's house.

"Sheesh. That's why I should have brought a present."

He had never visited Alpheas since he made a mistake with Erina, but he lived without accepting the fact that he had lost.

However, over the past 40 years, the photon quantum theory continues to evolve and innovate, changing the world even at this very moment.

He had no choice but to admit how much genius Alfeas had accomplished at the time.

"haha. It's a belated gift. The Gold Circle belongs to you."

The inspector inscribed his signature on the document.

Ardiano Sarov.

Report card at the end of the semester (1)





The end of the semester, the most tense time for magic school students, has returned. The achievements of half a year are implied on a single sheet of paper. It was a terrifying cut-off like a guillotine that decided promotion and failure.

Alpheas was sentenced to 6 months of suspension from the Magic Association. The legal effect came into effect from the next semester, and currently, Collie, the eldest among the teachers, was temporarily acting principal.

While clearing the weeds in the flower bed, Alfeas stretched his back and smiled. Cute disciples were walking from afar. Shirone, Iruki, and Nade. Now, they were troublemakers that everyone knew at school, but that's why they were more promising children.

"Hello, Headmaster."

"haha. Didn't I tell you not to call me principal? Now he is just a grandfather doing his chores."

"a. After half a year, you're the principal again."

Alpheas just laughed. He is still grateful to his disciples for supporting him, but on the other hand, he does not stand on the side of the thought that he is undeserved.

=======================================
[110] Report card at the end of the semester (2)





"yes. How are you? Doesn't it taste like you're going to die after the school closure is over?"

Nade's face quickly turned into a tear-stain.

"I think I am going crazy. I have to get 80 points or more in all subjects for the rest of the period, but it's to die for."

"Chuck! Would you like to take this opportunity to get a promotion?"

The only way to get from Class Five to Class Four was to score 80 or better in all subjects. The difficulty level was the highest in that the average score was not 80 points.

"Absolutely. If you're a student, don't you think of it?"

"Indeed, it is. Well, do you want to try hard?"

Nade, who was expecting words of encouragement, made a puzzled expression. However, Alfeas' education policy was firm. Students are not racehorses. If you let it loose on her meadow, it will learn its worth.

"Can we help you?"

Shirone rolled up her sleeves and came over to help pull the weeds.

"Heh heh, I can't take away the old man's only pleasure. I will pull the weeds, so you guys do what you want."

Nade's eyes showed a hint of disappointment. The thought of trying to escape from reality for a little while as an excuse to pull weeds was in vain.

"Yes. Then, have a good time at work."

The faces of Shirone and the others returned to their lodgings with worry. It was the same with other students. The school was still cluttered after the Arcane attack, and it was not easy to concentrate on studying like before.

Frustrated, Nade burst into a tantrum.

"ah. Going crazy. I have to study. study! study! I can't concentrate."

"Originally, if you explode it once, other things are out of your hands. It was like that even after the presentation was over."

Shirone let out a deep sigh at Iruki's words.

"You are better than me though. I have twice as many subjects as you guys that I need to raise above 80 points. I don't know if that's possible."

"The only advantage I have is math. The humanities department is called a bakery. In that sense, Nade is the most advantageous."

"What are you talking about? I don't have a particularly strong subject. Shirone and you will definitely aim for the top in practical skills, but I can't even do that, so I'm at the worst."

In the practical test of Class Five, the main evaluation item was the operation of the spirit zone rather than magic. If it's Immortal Function's Shirone and Servant Syndrome's Iruki, it's possible to rank higher in any practical skill. On the other hand, Nade was in a position to compete in the same spirit zone as other students.

"The more I think about it, the more my head hurts. Shall we just rest until today and start tomorrow?"

Nade's suggestion was neither affirmed nor denied. Seeing that even the exemplary Shirone kept her mouth shut, it seemed that her morale had waned.

"what? Guys, over there... ... ."

When Shirone pointed towards Central Park, Nade and Iruki turned their heads and their eyes widened.

"what? How are they here?"

Kanis and Arin were walking around the campus. Then, when I met eyes with Shirone and the others, I started walking in this direction. Kanis raised his hand and pretended to know.

"Howdy. Is class over already? The facilities and environment are fine, but they seem to treat the kids too gently."

"you! What the hell are you up to?"

Nade blocked the way. Of course, I heard from Sade that the two were released without guilt, but I thought the relationship ended there. No, it had to be over. But why are you walking around school?

Shirone asked.

"What happened? Any business at school?"

Canis looked back at Shirone without answering. The person he cared about the most at school was Shirone, not Alpheas or the teachers. He was the first person to defeat him. If he couldn't overcome him, no matter how strong he became, he would just walk in place.

"Listen carefully. If we face you again, the result will be the exact opposite of the last time."

Nade responded before Shirone could answer.

"This kid is still out of his mind. You are 10 years away from defeating Shirone."

"Do you really think 10 years are not enough to deal with me?"

Nade's expression crumpled. Murderous intentions crossed her mind as Shirone's emotions from the time she was wandering between life and death were revived. Then, Iruki, who didn't want to cause a fuss unnecessarily, sorted things out.

"stop. Anything else is fine, why are you here?"

"Why are you coming? I'm visiting because it's where I'm going to be staying."

"What?"

Shirone's eyes widened at the unexpected words.

"It is literally. I thought it would be nice to experience something like a magic school."

Nade crossed his arms and fired.

"Even if you look down on the magic school, you will still be able to do it! Who said they would accept a kid like you?"

Kanis raised a finger and pointed.

"Seniors."

"what?"

"Call me senior. I found out that your class 5. Because I am Class Four."

Shirone and the others were dumbfounded. Perhaps it was Alpheas who accepted the two of them. However, as soon as I entered the class, I became a class porani. I can't say it's not there, but it's true that it's a rare case.

"What are you so surprised about? We are the disciples of the Archmage. I learned all the basics of magic. It's funny how you treat them the same as idle guys like you."

Shirone and the others kept their mouths shut while crying. If it was magic that he had mastered over 10 years of living with Arcane, there was a feeling that even if it was class 4, it would not be enough.

"So, I hope you will call me senior from now on."

"Funny! Aren't you going to attend next semester anyway? By then, we'll be promoted to Class Four!"

"yes? Were your grades surprisingly poor? I'm honestly disappointed. I mean, you had a hard time with these lesser bastards."

The first thing Canis investigated at school was Shirone's grades and friendship. Contrary to what he expected to contend for the lead, it was a shock to learn that he was in the middle of the class five.

But no one in the advanced class ignored them. It was a car that had been told that if you set your mind to it, you could hit it and come up at any time.

When Shirone and the others didn't respond and bit their molars, Canis turned around with a satisfied face.

"Anyway, try your best. If you come in as a junior, you'll be cute. ha ha ha!"

The shadow of Canis, who was moving away, stretched toward Shirone, and then Harvest raised both arms and raised the middle fingers of both hands. The three people's shoulders trembled.

Shirone broke the heavy silence and spoke.

"Today's play is cancelled."

"yes. Canis is a senior. I wish I had quit school, but I can't see that even if I die."

"Hey, why stop quitting? I have to show off and press her nose."

The three of them had only the thought of promotion. But how? The end-of-semester evaluation was on a different level from overcoming obstacles. Half a year was the total settlement of a long time, so even starting something right away could not guarantee success.

"I've been thinking about it before... ... ."

Shirone floated with a serious expression.

"The odds of being promoted at my level were about 30 percent. When I did my best in studying."

Although it is not a mathematical analysis like Iruki's, Shirone's insight is also highly reliable, so his friends thought that what he said was true. Then Nade's expression darkened again.

"To be honest, even if I shouted out loud, it wasn't easy when I thought about it. If Shirone is 30%, will I be 50%? Iruki is about 60 percent."

"no. I'm around 58.7 percent. Of course, promotion is evaluated based on grades at the end of the semester, but to be honest, I didn't take any classes."

Each of the three sighed. If he continued like this, he would have to bow his head to Canis and Arin from the next semester.

"So that's what I mean... ... How about something like this?"

At Shirone's suggestion, Ned turned around with his eyes shining.

"What? Do you have any good ideas?"

"Honestly, if you study in the way you have been doing until now, your chances of success are too low. So I need to change my strategy."

said Iruki.

"You want to change your ways? But how?"

"The 30 percent I mentioned assumes that you study hard. But if I only aim for the test, not study, I think I can get more than 50%. That means it could be 70% or 80% for you guys."

"Hmm. Are you aiming for a test? i know what You mean to choose and focus?"

"That's right. I just need to get over 80 points anyway. You don't have to invest time in subjects you're good at. There is no need to study the areas that are not on the exam. The sixteen subjects can be broadly divided into four categories. Humanities, mathematics, science, practical skills."

Shirone continued to explain, pointing her fingers one by one.

"Fortunately, you can easily pass at least one class. And above all, the series do not overlap with each other. I am humanities, Iruki is mathematics, and Nade is science. Practical skills are the part that can't help you anyway."

Iruki nodded as if he understood.

"In short, you want to form a study group. Since there is no need to study the fields that are each of your strengths, you mean to supplement each other's weaknesses at that time, right?"

"right. If you teach the core tips to get over 80 points in the exam, your chances are much higher. With this, I think we can raise it by 50 percent."

The corners of Iruki's mouth went up. Seeing that Shirone was so desperate, it seemed that having Canis and Arin as seniors bothered him.

Anyway, it was a good idea. Also, if three people could be promoted at the same time, there was no better result than this.

"I agree. If so, let's go to the research meeting right now and make a plan. how?"

"Good!"

Three boys, burning with fighting spirit, rushed to Estas.



* * *



Shirone devoted himself to studying day and night.

You need to know how to manage your time. An hour passes in an instant to someone who is not conscious of it, but to someone who counts an hour by dividing it into 10 minutes, it is quite a long time.

Shirone divided the remaining time until the end of the semester exam into one-hour increments. It was a strategy to prevent time leaks by always holding time in your head.

Snipe the test with the powerful efficiency obtained there.

Rather than understanding the process, I conquered the problem type and analyzed the intention of the question and the solution process. In that respect, the study group was effective. Thanks to complementing each other's shortcomings, Shirone was also able to raise the average score of the mock test to over 70 points.

Of course, it wasn't all smooth sailing. After studying, I realized that the reason why I was weak in certain subjects was not because I was lazy, but because I was really not good at it.

In particular, the gap between humanities and mathematics was too great for Iruki. As he frantically worked out the question paper that Shirone himself had created, he put down his pen and stretched himself in just 30 minutes.

"All solved."

"Look where you are."

Shirone pointed out each of the problems Iruki solved. His hand trembled the more he checked the correct answer. I could understand why the humanities teachers hated him just by looking at his face.

Shirone pointed at the test paper with an absurd expression and said.

"Hey, how does 'You eat pasta, I'll eat pasta' make sense? I explained the usage of auxiliary."

"Why don't you make sense? you eat pasta! I'll eat pasta! does it just fall off? It is a sentence that emphasizes that each person is an independent subject."

"uh? Oh that... ... ."

Feeling that it was so, Shirone was taken aback for a moment. But soon she came to her senses and cried out.

"That's not it. Language is not math. It is not a tool of proof, but a tool of expression! So, read the meaning between the lines, not separate the sentences!"

"Damn, what is that? Math is the best!"

"shut up! I know you're stubborn! Honestly, don't you feel weird too?"

=======================================
[111] Report card at the end of the semester (3)





"Of course it is strange. But that's just the realm of the senses. It's a sentence that doesn't have any problems mathematically."

Iruki's pride in mathematics was enormous. How bad would it have been for humanities teachers to have given the exam paper a score of 0?

Shirone decided to use the last resort.

"Aren't you going to get promoted?"

"Huh! Damn it!"

Iruki couldn't help but fall to his knees at those words. He died when he died, but he didn't want to become one of Kanis' juniors.

As Iruki returned to solving the problem, Shirone returned to her seat and sighed.

'If I do this in a real test, it's terrible, really.'

Nade asked, taking his eyes off the book as if he had suddenly thought of it.

"Ah, come to think of it, the practical exam is next week. Did you guys practice a lot?"

Shirone and Iruki asked at the same time.

"What test is it?"

"Damn it. didn't you know what it was? It's a heartbeat test. Spirit Zone Endurance Assessment."

"Do I really need to practice? Shirone and I can get more than 80 points. Why are you anxious?"

"no. Still, there are many variables in practice. Unlike other items, it is a relative evaluation. If others do better, our score goes down. I wonder if I should point it out at least once."

"It's okay, it's okay. I don't have time."

Iruki focused on solving the problem without listening to it with the back of his ear. If you deal with the spirit zone at the class five level, how much will you deal with? Iruki thought that the practical exam was an unconditional pass.

Shirone said while solving a math problem.

"Let me pass too. I just can't afford to worry about that."

Nade also had his own confidence. But it was also true that he would have a hard time getting a higher score than the first two.

'Well. What do we do?'

If you think it's really difficult, just ask. But taking up friends' time just because you're anxious is like using the rules.

'do not know. I just need to be in the top 10 anyway.'

Nade stopped thinking and started studying. The effectiveness of a study group is destroyed if each person fails to do their share of 33.3 percent.

We do our best to cooperate for the benefit of the whole, but the result is not something that others win anyway.



* * *



Image Zone Practice Center.

Originally, it was the time when the advanced class integration class was held, but currently there were only class five students.

It was the infamous practice evaluation period that drove Shirone into a corner several times. In particular, with the end of the semester approaching, students' tension was higher than ever.

Entering the Image Zone, Ethella spread out the 20-meter-diameter Spirit Zone as always and began to explain.

"The item to be evaluated today is the Mental Beat Test. It's a test of how long you can sustain a change in the spirit zone."

Ethella extended both hands left and right and pointed far away. A black rod of unknown material rose high, and unknown characters were engraved on the surface.

"The evaluation standard is 20 meters in diameter, which is the distance from end to end of the rod. If you are in a lower spirit zone, you cannot take the test. Of course, none of you will be less than 20 meters."

Etella contracted the Spirit Zone. When the number on the electric signboard measuring the volume of the zone fell below 2 cubic meters, a buzzer sounded from the sound device.

"When the buzzer rings, it is one cycle. The measurement time is 30 seconds and points are awarded according to the number of beats in the spirit zone. I rarely practiced with the recorder on, so I'll show you a demonstration first."

When Etela sent a signal, the image zone's mind beating mode activated. At the same time, Etela's spirit zone thumped like a heart, repeating expansion and contraction.

"wow... ... ."

The sight of a 20-meter-diameter spirit zone dropping to less than 2 meters in diameter and then unfolding again in an instant was spectacular. The cycle was not particularly fast, but the repeated contraction and expansion was intense, as if reminiscent of an explosion.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

The sound machine, one of Image Zone's functions, calculated the speed of expansion and exploded.

It wasn't just about implementing sound to add excitement. Understanding the intangible image zone with the five senses provided the highest efficiency for magic training.

After 30 seconds, the number 30 points appeared on the notification board. It was like beating once a second.

According to my seniors, I had to get at least 90 points to get into the promotion cutoff. 3 beats per second. Based on Etella's demonstration, the children finally checked the strategies they had prepared so far.

After the demonstration, Etella put her hands behind her back and said.

"In practice, it is often necessary to convert zones of various shapes at high speed. Mental pulse is the basic training, so it is important to keep working hard even after practical training is over. Then we will proceed with the evaluation."

Based on the results of the speed gun test they took the other day, the children started coming out from the back row. As expected, most of the rankings were similar to last time, perhaps because it is difficult to improve one's skills in one or two months.

With the students recording their grades one by one, with the lowest score being 48, Nade's turn came. Since he was in the upper-middle rank in the speed gun test, he had no choice but to take the test much earlier than Shirone and Iruki.

"Nade, do your best."

"Whoa, I'm nervous."

Nade entered the image zone with the support of Shirone and Iruki, closed his eyes and focused his mind. She opened her eyes with a start-up sound and her spirit zone expanded. John beat at a rapid pace, like a heart beating with all its might.

"wow! What is this, Nade?"

The children's eyes widened. It had only been 10 seconds, but it was already breaking 50 points. The beat of 5 times per second came as a tremendous force to the people watching.

"Weren't you originally in the middle rank? At this level, you will definitely enter the top ranks, right?"

"After playing with Shirone, your skills improved a lot, right? If we knew it would be like this, we would join the study group."

"Yeah. Aren't those kids studying hard these days? Even Iruki, who was idle every day, never skipped a class."

After 30 seconds, Nade's grades came out. Episode 173. Accelerating in the last 10 seconds helped improve the score.

"Good job, Nade."

Etella recorded the score with a hearty smile. She felt even better because the disciple she was in charge of was doing well.

'Well, I expected this much from the beginning.'

Nade came back with his tongue out as if embarrassed. After high-fiving her friends, he said as he sat down.

"Whoa, I thought I was going to die from nervousness."

"great job. once passed one It's just the two of us left."

As if stimulated by Nade, the subsequent participants took the test with all their might. However, scores higher than 173 never came out.

With Nade sticking to first place, Iruki, who is second to last, entered the image zone. Iruki, who was standing without any sign of nervousness, activated his Servant ability as soon as he started.

The method of designing the expansion and contraction mechanism in advance and repeating it like a machine would not be very useful in practice, but it produced the highest efficiency in the test.

The score thus obtained is 210 points.

The children looked at the score with absurd expressions. It was a number that could not come out without recording 7 beats per second like a machine without increasing or decreasing the speed.

"Ha, that's great too. Is even the mind an equation? You bastard, you probably didn't do this right."

"You can't. Because it's a Servant. It must be hard for even Shirone to win this time, right?"

Then I heard a voice pouring cold water on the heated heat from behind.

"Heh, talking about scores that aren't a big deal. Class Five seems to be a gathering place for pathetic people."

The moment the hot students looked back, each one opened his eyes wide with an expression as if he had seen a ghost. Kanis and Arin, who were supposed to be enrolled in the next semester, were watching the practical evaluation.

Etella, who was recording the students' scores, asked.

"yes? Those two, what's going on?"

"The principal said it would be nice to go on a field trip. I have come to see how the test is conducted."

"Oh, I see. then come this way Because it looks good from here."

Kanis' brow wrinkled. Does that woman really have a quarrel with her master? She was not in a hurry during the battle, but when she watched the class, she was like an idiot.

'Are you doing this on purpose? Or are you really stupid?'

In any case, it was also true that he was interested in exams. Kanis took Arin and stood behind the participants.

"How are you, Arin? What do you see?"

"I did a lot of heart rate training until I got tired of it. Because my master told me to pull it up unconditionally. If it were me, I could easily pass 250 points."

Arin is a spirit-type wizard. Spirit John's stamina was second to none, especially since he had to freely handle the tentacle type, which was the most difficult among John's forms.

'As expected, Arcane's disciples. It's on a different level from us.'

After hearing Arin's words, the students were intimidated. They were also descendants of aristocratic families, but anyone who aims to become a wizard dreams of becoming a direct disciple of a great wizard. Even though they came from the slums, in terms of magic, the two of them had been on the elite course of the elite.

'huh. But we also have a secret weapon.'

When Shirone, the last player in the group, entered the image zone, the students cheered him in one voice.

As they regained their memories, they also knew that Shirone had subdued Canis. As much as that, I wanted to show my true self this time as well.

Shirone took a deep breath in the center of the Image Zone. Since Yiruki scored 210 points, she had no problem getting a promotion even if she was just a fringe.

However, Shirone's eyes were different from before. As long as he had a firm goal, he had no intention of taking the test in moderation, even if it wasn't for Canis.

Starting from Etela's signal, the device turned on, and Shirone made the spirit zone beat at its highest level from the start.

It is difficult to evenly divide one second without an accurate design like Iruki. However, humans have a very accurate human body clock called a sense of rhythm.

Shirone added John's beats to the rhythm and accelerated it. The sound machine exploded with a series of hits that sounded like a drum line.

Puff pup pup pup pup!

The children couldn't close their gaping mouths. I watched Shirone's demonstration without blinking, but I was able to properly check the spirit zone only about once a second.

"I can't... ... . How many times per second is that?"

Multiple spirit zones were moving at the same time, so it was impossible to count by eye. Students waited for 10 seconds. After a while, a huge number of 120 points was printed on the display board.

"12 times per second... ... ."

Can you imagine a 20-meter-diameter sphere contracting 12 times per second? I was just watching with my own eyes, no one knew what was going on inside. Only the exploding bursts of fire and the numbers counting at breakneck speed proved that Shirone's mind was fluttering.

Even Canis and Arin were stunned and watched the demonstration. Arin, in particular, had an expression of disbelief. If the heart rate increases to that extent, the mind collapses first, leaving the speed.

How quickly you can stretch from the smallest circle to the largest circle and how long you can withstand the shock when contracted were the key to the beat.

In that sense, the demonstration presented by Shirone was the highest level that maximized both speed and durability.

'Geumgang Bulgogi.'

Etella grasped Shirone's state at a glance.

'It's really great. That child's potential is completely unfathomable.'

Even Ethel wasn't sure where Shirone was now. When I thought I was here, I was already far away.

=======================================
[112] Report card at the end of the semester (4)





'The mental durability, which was strong from the beginning, has increased remarkably. Now I can control immortal functions to some extent.'

Shirone's organs were four-way defense type. Like most defensive types, the teachers expected that Shirone would become a defensive mage.

However, Immortal Function reversed the trend. Now, his strong point, durability, has become an essential element to support his offensive power.

As the 20 seconds passed, Shirone gritted his teeth and attempted a final acceleration. As the sound exploded at a terrifying speed, the score exceeded 340 points.

beep-!

When the measurement time is over, the buzzer sounds. Shirone closed her eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. Dozens of children had gathered, but there was still silence in her room. Everyone was staring at the scoreboard.

410 points.

On average, it lasted 30 seconds at 13.6 beats per second. Moreover, the last 5 seconds were more than 15 times per second.

"It's really amazing. Why are they like that these days? After all, aren't you really going to become a senior from next semester?"

"No matter how hard it is to get promoted. Theoretical grades are in the middle. Raising the score in a short time is not an easy task."

Shirone turned to Canis. It was an unspoken declaration that he would still be able to become a senior.

"It's really great, that kid."

Arin admired with a pure heart. Infinite mental power through immortal function and durability to control it. There's even a unique magical inclination to put mass on light.

There was no other way to explain it other than that he was a wizard especially loved by God.

"Hmm, at this level you can call it an old enemy."

Canis' fighting spirit flared up like never before. At first he thought it was a difference in attributes. However, the demonstration presented by Shirone more than shattered that illusion. If it is now, it will be pushed back even in a battle of brute force.

Canis, who had been glaring at Shirone for a long time, turned around roughly.

"Let's go, Arin. The tour seems to be over."

The students felt relieved as they watched Canis and Arin walk away. Although Shirone did not represent the level of Class Five, she felt the same sense of satisfaction that she had defeated the great mage's apprentice.

"Shirone, it was really great. I messed up the test, but I feel good. Is it all if you are a disciple of the archmage? How dare you ignore the Class Five of the magic school?"

"Shirone as well as Iruki and Nade. Are you guys really planning on getting promoted this time?"

"Well, you're doing your best."

Shirone evaded an immediate answer. However, Nade, who took third place, was very excited about the fact that he had passed the practical test.

"ha ha ha! of course! Get ready to treat your seniors with respect! now! Let's practice in advance from now on. Call me, senior!"

Students' protests poured in.

"Very conceit pierces the sky! Get away with it!"

"If you were my senior, I would rather not go to school!"

"If you drop out of the theory, why are you talking out loud because you're embarrassed? I will pray for you every night so that you never get promoted!"

Either that or not, Nade proudly straightened his back and smiled. Because he was friendly with all the students, it was a hoot he could endure.

Shirone and Iruki sneaked out.

'Ugh, embarrassing.'

The final practical exam is over.



* * *



summer was going

A cold wind blew in the morning and evening, and the plants and trees prepared to change into colorful clothes. However, it was still hot during the day and the children were busy burning the end of the semester.

It was now the last week left. Classes ended last week, and all that was left was the final exam.

Tests are taken sequentially every day, starting with class ten. And finally, on the 6th day, the students of Class 5 moved to the exam hall, soothing their exploding hearts.

Shirone and the others also ate breakfast and arrived at the test site early.

The test lasts exactly 12 hours, with a 5-minute break. Compared to an ordinary school, it could be said that the schedule was close to heavy labor, but for the students of the magic school, maintaining concentration was just as important as knowledge.

The test questions are classified into A, B, and C types, but the questions are the same, but the arrangement of the correct answers is different. This was to prevent cheating and to reduce as much as possible the chance of getting the answer right by chance.

Shirone was type A, Iruki was type B, and Nade was type C. Assigned to different exam halls, they were relaxing in the hallway before the exam started. As this test determined the performance for half a year, even the world's bad guys had no choice but to stiffen their bodies.

Nade was trembling continuously even in the mild weather.

"Ugh. I'm dying. Shirone, how are you?"

"I feel like throwing up. If you make one mistake, it's all over. Especially the repair department."

"Let's stay calm. Anyway, enough time. It's not too late to be nervous after receiving the test papers."

Iruki's words calmed the two of them. However, when the bell rang to start the exam, everyone had no choice but to turn pale.

"Come on, let's go in. See you later with a smile on your face."

"yes. go for it!"

The three entered their respective exam halls after 12 hours.



Supernatural Psychic Lab.

Shirone and the others were busy grading their grades. It is impossible to leak the test papers, but Iruki perfectly restored the test questions.

A Servant's memory is incapable of forgetting. It was like putting a stack of papers in a drawer in your head and being able to pull it out and read it whenever you needed it.

When Iruki called a question, Nade wrote it down and Shirone found the correct answer. After working until dawn like that, I was able to restore the test papers for all subjects.

Although their bodies were already exhausted, the three of them scattered and started substituting answers.

Since the test paper restored by Iruki was type B, he had to match it one-to-one with the correct answer Shirone found.

"Whoa, I'm nervous. I think I messed up some subjects."

Nade made a sound of pain. However, everyone had weak subjects.

"Me too. Seriously, this is really brutal. Even if you get a perfect score in another subject, if you fall short in one subject, it's over, right?"

Shirone was nervous like never before. He couldn't guarantee a promotion even with his insight.

"It's a study group for that anyway. now! Let's do the evaluation later and finish the grading first."

A few more hours passed like that, and gradually the outline of the grades began to emerge.

Nade was the first to stand up with his fist raised.

"Oh yea! done! Average 82 points! I broke 80 points in all subjects!"

There was no particular high score, but I raised all subjects equally and scored 82 points. In the past, he was a bad boy who laughed at Class 4, but he couldn't be happier when he got promoted.

Iruki and Shirone didn't say anything. The point of truly bursting into celebration was when all three were confirmed for promotion.

After scoring, Iruki leaned back on his chair and wiped away his sweat.

"Whoa. That's it. 87 points. One 80 points came out in the language. If I had gotten one more wrong, it would have been over."

"wow! So are you passing? congratulation! Class Four!"

"What is this? Anyway, it doesn't feel bad."

Nade and Iruki looked back at Shirone without asking anyone first. If only the last one passes, their first long-cherished wish, simultaneous promotion, will come true.

However, Shirone did not respond. Iruki noticed that his scoring hand was not moving.

"Shirone, what's wrong? Did you screw up the test?"

Shirone's face, seen from close up, was as pale as white paper. It was clear what had happened.

Nade asked nervously.

"Why are you doing that? How many points do you have?"

"86 points... ... ."

"Wow, did you have a good look?"

Nade was genuinely surprised. She set a goal of getting everyone promoted, but when she heard it, she thought it was a miracle. Shirone was the son of a commoner and lived a life far from studies. However, he received an average of 86 points in just half a year of hard work.

Compared to Iruki, who scored an average of 87 points, who passed the math class with a perfect score using his Servant ability, you can see how desperately Shirone studied.

Iruki tilted his head, perhaps thinking the same thing.

"well... ... didn't you see Are there any subjects you messed up?"

"That, I don't know."

"You don't know? what do you mean? tell me exactly."

Shirone nervously bit her nails. No matter how much he thought about it, he didn't come to mind.

"Iruki."

"yes?"

"What is the answer to the last multiple choice question in the math proof?"

"Oh, that? Are you linking the two equations together to prove it? That's a very long answer."

Iruki, who had said that, said in surprise.

"You can't... ... ?"

"Uh, I don't remember. Which proof did you consider as the correct answer? I've tried unlocking it again, but it's the same. Even back then, I was definitely thinking about one of the two."

"How many points? If that's wrong, how many points?"

"78 points... ... ."

Iruki and Nade realized the seriousness of the situation. The final multiple-choice question is worth 2 points. Therefore, the result of one problem is the difference between promotion and retention.

"How could you not remember that? How many times did you write the answer?"

"number 3. But I can't confirm because I'm blood type A."

Nade hurriedly pulled out the test paper. Only one example was filled with 20 lines of atrocious proofs. To be honest, I was wrong about this too. Perhaps the only person who solved it easily in Class 5 was Iruki.

Shirone clutched her head in agony.

"I thought it was number two or number three. I was in conflict with 10 seconds left, but it suddenly came to my mind. By the way... ... I don't remember what it was."

It happens once or twice when time is tight. Nade and Iruki, who had been attending magic schools since childhood, knew full well what that feeling was like.

But this time it was a matter of promotion. If I fall here, I have to stay in Class 5 for another half year.

Nade was on the verge of dying from impatience.

"Damn it! I can't wait!"

"What are you going to do?"

"I have to go and check it myself. Let's ask Shiina-sensei. You are a dedicated teacher."

It seemed that even Shirone would not be able to get hold of anything at this rate. After making a decision, the three left the study group and headed for the exam hall.

It took a whole day to score, so the Class Four test was currently in progress. Shirone and the others entered the building during lunchtime and anxiously waited for the teachers to return. About 30 minutes later, Shiina walked down the hallway. The three of them ran toward it like a race.

"Teacher! Teacher!"

"yes? why are you here Didn't the class five exam finish yesterday?"

"The math proof A-type multiple-choice last question! What is the correct answer to that?"

Shiina tilted her head. Although her major is chemistry, all teachers participate in grading because the question paper is reviewed at least three times. Of course, even if it wasn't her major, her student-level math was funny if she was good at it.

"Why is that suddenly?"

"Quickly! I mean, this is a really important issue."

Shiina, who read the urgency in Nade's eyes, recalled the final multiple-choice question. It was a fairly difficult problem, so it remained in her memory.

"Oh, that? If you're type A, you're number 2, right?"

"No.2... ... ."

As if struck by a hammer, Shirone's body stiffened. He wrote the correct answer 3 times. In the end it was wrong. The score is 78 points. His breath stopped when he thought that his promotion would be canceled by only two points.

"No.2... ... No.2... ... ."

Shirone, who was muttering the same thing, suddenly grabbed the back of his neck. Then, in the end, I couldn't stand it and fell back. Just before collapsing in the hallway, Ned hurriedly helped him.

"Shirone! it's okay? Wake! You say you are indestructible!"

"No.2? why... ... How could that be twice... ... ."

"Sir, let me go! work hard!"

Even while being dragged away, Shirone muttered the same thing. Shiina, who blinked at her as she watched her, smiled and headed for her office.

"Anyway, aren't they tired? I am full of energy every day."

The office was cluttered with teachers grading students. Shiina also sat down and started scoring. Then she suddenly opened the drawer and took out a type A paper for the math proof.

"Didn't you say it was the last multiple-choice question?"

Shiina looked at the last problem. She tried to solve it with her eyes for a while, then she said with a bright smile.

"Ah, number three."

Ariane Shirone. promotion confirmed.

=======================================
[113] Report card at the end of the semester (5)





Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.

Located in the capital of the kingdom of Tormia, the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy boasts a 200-year history and has produced many knights who have achieved great achievements.

There were more than 10 certified first-class swordsmen alone, and among them, 3 were given the title of swordsman.

iron conviction. A symbol of courage.

Anyone who dreams of becoming a knight in the kingdom of Tormia wants to enter the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.

However, there was no entrance exam here. Instead, it goes through a one-month probationary process, during which the cadet's qualifications are evaluated and final admission decisions are made.

There are as many as 300 cadets in one semester. Of these, only 30 were admitted.

Lian, proudly among these 30, was currently taking lessons at the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.

Urban combat training ground.

The training ground where the scenery of the city was reproduced was the pride of Kaizen.

A teacher with a clown sticking out like a skeleton said while glaring at the first-year students sitting on the stairs.

"Today's practical subject is movement. Among them, you first-year students will focus on shifting the center of gravity and evaluate them."

The teacher's name is Parka Quan.

A certified 6th grade swordsman, before being wounded in the leg in the war, he was a master swordsman called a death mage.

"Center displacement is a skill that a prosecutor must possess. This is because the three beats of a sword?speed, power, and accuracy?start from here."

Quan limped on his right leg and walked up the stairs. Then he asked, pointing at the tall boy with his chin.

"you. Where is the center of gravity of the swordsman?"

"Yes! It's a navel!"

"Wrong. you, tell me."

Quan pointed at the cadet with his eyes wide open like a shark. Without knowing the answer, he had to stand up straight away. If you hesitate even a little bit, it will be a test and you will be punished.

"Yes! It's the sole!"

"Wrong. you."

"It's a sword!"

"Get down. Do 200 push-ups."

"practice!"

The cadet broke away from the row and started doing push-ups. Exhausting one's stamina before a test is a terrible thing, but the teachers at the swordsmanship academy didn't care about that.

Quan pulled out the longsword that was strapped to his waist. The tip was spread out like a fan, and the sword body looked relatively thin.

"Where is the center of gravity of the test? The answer is outside. This is called external gravity in schema terms. Follow me, outer gravity."

"External gravity!"

The cadets were angry even as they shouted. To explain a term I hadn't heard in a semester right before the exam.

"The reason I haven't explained it until now is because it's annoying. Of course, there's no way an asshole like you would find out. But today, I'm in a bad mood, so I'm going to add an evaluation of external gravity. Got it?"

"Yes!"

The cadets' answers echoed loudly. The roaring roar contained the intent to kill. Now, if the evaluation items are changed, what will become of their efforts that they rolled over like dogs for half a year?

'Oh, I really want to do something about it. What kind of teacher is that?'

"I only do it once. So that I can see it well and apply it to the evaluation."

Each person's thoughts, anyway, silence flowed in the originally quiet Colosseum.

"I cut while leaving, and cut while retreating."

Kuan repeatedly advanced and retreated, showing off his cutting skills. The sound of the wind cutting was terrifying.

"This is the normal swordsmanship movement. The power of the body moves the center, and the movement of the center raises the destructive power of the sword. In addition, if you improve your strength with schema, the destructive power of the sword can increase exponentially."

The cadets swallowed their saliva. It's a story I've heard until my ears wear out, but their tension ahead of the exam was extremely high.

"... ... I'm sure you're thinking something stupid. However, if you approach the real battle with this idea, you will die within three seconds."

'It's unlucky.'

The cadets' eyes became more intense.

"Remember. No matter how strong the destructive power is, if you are pushed back from the movement, you will win one match. Therefore, swordsmen use the center of gravity for movement depending on the situation. It is like this."

Kuan slammed the ground with the soles of his feet. Then he lifted one of his legs and his body fell toward the floor.

The cadets opened their mouths in a daze. The central axis of the quan was tilted more than 70 degrees.

Is this really possible? It was impossible for humans to maintain such a posture unless at least a rope was tied around their waists.

"The force amplified by the schema maximizes the movement of the center of gravity. Currently, my center is outside the body. This is called external gravity."

Kuan's body jumped up like a tumbler.

"If external gravity is used, the possibilities of movement become infinite. For example, something like this is possible."

Kuan fell backwards, hitting the ground again with the soles of his feet. His body, tilted to the point where his back touched the ground, rotated in a cone.

"External gravity is not gravity that actually exists. It's just an extremely strong inertia. Therefore, if rotation is fed to external gravity, the body also rotates."

The rotation slowed as Quan held out his sword. However, as the slope gradually returned, the centripetal force accelerated.

Ssssssss!

Standing upright, Quan rotated at a tremendous speed. Then he finished his spin in a controlled manner, as if time had stopped.

The cadets looked at Quan with astonished eyes. What would happen if you were standing there? The ankle would have been cut off first. And it would have been hacked into dozens of pieces by the accelerating blade.

Defense is impossible. It was the same reason that humans could not stop a tornado caused by a difference in atmospheric pressure.

Such explosive external gravity. By analogy, it was a technology similar to rotating a mechanical device with blades.

'This is the magician of death.'

It was a nickname that was given to the opponent because he gave death without knowing how he suffered.

"This is today's performance evaluation. Passing through obstacles is the first, street fighting movement is the second."

"Instructor, I have a question."

"Get down. Do 200 push-ups."

The cadets broke away from the column. And he thought while doing push-ups. what the hell did i do wrong?

"Be sure to remember. To get the answer you want, you have to overwhelm the other person. Instructors are not your parents. Don't look at me with eyes that can't wait to be praised. Because it's disgusting. Got it?"

"Yes! I will correct it!"

"Try again."

The cadet, who had finished acting, raised his hand with a shout.

"Instructor! I have a question!"

"Tell me."

"What is the street fighting movement evaluated for?"

"That will be explained from now on."

The cadet felt embarrassed. In fact, the motive for asking the question was because I wanted to look good to Quan. But Kuan thought that even respect was a sign of weakness.

"Street fighting movement. It's annoying, so I'll keep it short."

Kuan entered the building. Like a doll's house, the front was open, so there was no problem listening to the explanation.

"The place where external gravity shines is the complex terrain. In particular, it can be said that the match is decided by the level of movement because even the space is narrow in urban combat."

Kuan stamped his foot on the floor. However, he did not attempt external gravity.

"The reason for stamping the ground is to generate force and move the center of gravity. This is called First Impact. Of course, you don't have time to do crazy things like this in real life, but you guys, you youngsters, would definitely do well to hit the ground."

There was a mixture of belittling and ridicule, but the students, who admired Quan's inaction, were no longer outraged.

"But I don't hit the ground with first impact. If I shoot here with my own strength, the floor will be smashed. In the schema, the external gravity series uses various first impacts, and among them, I will use muscle vibration, which can be called the basic."

Quan contracted the muscles in his upper body to generate vibrations. He jumped up and put his hand on the wall. When I adjusted the inertia by bending my elbows, a long view was created in which I was floating in the air for more than 3 seconds.

"Wowaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa"

The cadets let out exclamations. Of course, 'Get down!' is supposed to come out, but Kuan continued to explain whether it was a nuisance.

"With the first impact, it leaps while creating external gravity. Of course, in this case, the external gravity force would act in the direction of the wall. By applying this, such a movement is also possible."

Kuan walked along the wall. The cadets, who slowly raised their heads, looked up at the top with disbelief. Quan stood upside down with both legs on the ceiling.

"External gravity is, after all, using the force of inertia to offset gravity. Therefore, gravity is currently not acting on my body."

The sight of Kuan walking across the ceiling was beyond awe, to the point of grotesque. But it wasn't magic.

As long as they can run on walls, they can become circus troupe members who cannot perform schema. However, Kuan only maximized inertia with stronger and more precise power.

When the external gravity disappeared, Quan's body fell along with the gravity. When they came out of the building after finishing the demonstration, the cadets' expressions changed 180 degrees.

"Everyone down. Do 200 push-ups."

"practice!"

The cadets prostrated themselves with sad faces. If you are a formally admitted student, most of them can handle the schema, so it is not an impossible number of times. However, the range of strengthening that they could use as first-year students was not that great, so 200 times was quite stiff.

"Listen while doing it. The first practical skill is a horizontal obstacle, and the height decreases as the level goes up. The final stage will be impossible to pass without the use of external gravity. time is 20 seconds. Since the obstacle is made of a real sword, it can lead to death in serious cases. Of course, I believe that there are no idiots who avoid obstacles. If you are injured, you will be treated by Instructor Caina."

Kaina was the best surgeon at the swordsmanship academy. If she had a healer as a mage, she had surgery to perform surgery. The problem was that the surgery was excruciatingly painful. In particular, in the case of amputee patients, it was common for her to pass out while receiving treatment because it was connected to her nervous system.

'Damn it! It's even more scary to hear that!'

"The urban combat movement is simple. Create external gravity and lean on the wall. The longer you hold out, the higher your score. Got it?"

"Yes!"

Quan, who was examining the faces of the cadets with high spirits, took the evaluation papers and moved.

"It starts with number one. I won't call you by name, so come out as you notice. Rest for those who wait."

Lian sat down and rested his chin. It took at least 3 minutes per person, so the time could be said to be ample.

"How are you, can you do well?"

It was a woman's voice that was not often heard at the swordsmanship school. But Lian looked at her as if she had nothing to do with it. She was a beautiful woman with blonde hair flowing like waves. She was tall and slender, with long limbs that gave her a cool look.

Elzaine Tess.

She was the only daughter of the famous Elzain family in the kingdom, and entered the swordsmanship academy to carry on the family business of her father, the commander of the colony.

His face was cute when viewed cutely and ferocious when viewed fiercely, but his personality was ferocious no matter how you looked at it. Her skills are also outstanding, and she has no one to follow from the first grade.

"Sit down quickly. If you get caught by the instructor, you will be sentenced to death."

"Oh, does Instructor Liando of the world look scary? Aren't you busy with scoring anyway?"

"What do you know? He's a nobleman with eyes on his back. Anyway, why did you change seats all of a sudden?"

"What is a good friend? I'm here to let you go, in case you're nervous."

"When have you seen me nervous?"

"Whoops. Well, there's no bottom to go down, so what's there to be nervous about? It's a convenient last place."

If you were a swordsman academy cadet, this might sound offensive, but Lian only pouted her lips. Tess smiled. His temperament of not getting angry at anything was definitely what set him apart from the other kids.

Why is this man in charge of last place?

Among the freshmen, the person who trained the hardest was definitely Lian. No, he was digesting his harsh training every day, almost to the point of overwork.

=======================================
[114] Report card at the end of the semester (6)





However, grades did not go up.

I heard that I had mastered the schema a month ago, but the pace of reinforcement was so slow that I doubted if it was true.

"No matter how bad I am, you won't know until you try. Who knows that things will work out unexpectedly if you try?"

"Huhu, yes, that sounds like you."

Tess had never seen Lian nervous. It was a strange feeling that Lian, who had the weakest ability, remained calm before an exam that could result in the amputation of limbs.

'Well, it was like that then.'

It was during the probationary period that Tess got to know Lian.

Swordsmen are naturally fond of fighting. Since 300 such children gathered, the atmosphere was bloody from the first day. The instructors did not particularly interfere with the work in the barracks. Then, as expected, some wolves bared their teeth.

Sequencing was instantaneous.

Those who learned the schema were in the 1st group, those with strong physical abilities were in the 2nd group, and those who were not this or that were in the 3rd group. The problem was that the cadets were not even in the 3rd group. They were boys who had no interest in swords, but were pushed in by their parents' annoyance.

Group 1's leader, Richard Feiger, bullied the boys relentlessly. He has a savage temperament, and since he was legally admitted to a military academy that teaches the art of killing, he has been let loose.

Tess didn't care. In terms of skills, 1 group or 10 or so women among the apprentices were free from competition for rank.

At the time, Lian's rank was in the middle of Group 2.

At this level, he wasn't in a position to be bullied, but Lian didn't get along with anyone. There was one reason why he applied for swordsmanship school. Graduation doesn't matter. All he had to think about was that he had to somehow improve his skills and become a swordsman worthy of Shirone .

"Puhahaha! Hey, run! sooner!"

"Hee hee hee! Hee hee hee!"

One day, in the barracks, the first group of cadets rode on the backs of weak children and had a race. Every time I hit the buttocks of the boys playing the role of horses with a club, the horses neighed.

Some of the cadets frowned, but most of them were enthusiastic about cheering as if they were watching a real horse race. It was a small but real money race. Besides, if you showed dislike, you could become the person who crawls under them.

"Faster! win! win!"

Piger, who runs the lead, was excited. He was a man who did his best in any race, no matter how jokingly, befitting his personality that did not tolerate defeat in any job. As the finish line came into view, the sticking intensified. The cadet who became a racehorse had to crawl until his knees were bleeding with tears in his eyes.

"Hee hee hee! Hee hee!"

"Oh yea! I'm 1st... ... !"

As he was about to cross the finish line, a blurry afterimage appeared in Piger's eyes. Then, a strong shock hit the bridge of his nose.

"Aww!"

Unknowingly, the kicked Pyger fell off the racehorse's back. In the meantime, the latecomers crossed the finish line one after another.

"Do it in moderation. Is this your playground?"

Pyger held his throbbing nose and glared at the blue-haired boy.

"You child... ... !"

August Lian.

As far as Pyger knew, even in the 2nd group, their skills were mediocre. His pride was hurt when he realized that he had been hit by someone he hadn't even mastered the schema for.

"What are you? do you want to die?"

Lian didn't answer. His reserved nature did not change even after entering the swordsmanship school. He doesn't make up any words if he has nothing to say.

"Look at this kid... ... ."

Pyger stood up revealing his will to live. It was an immediate situation, but none of the cadets, terrified, could step forward.

Of course, there were those who did not feel the need. Tess was one of those people.

This was a swordsmanship school. Nothing will change if you stand up for the weak in a group to learn war skills. In the end, the situation would be sorted out according to the order of power.

"Hey, isn't that Lian? I ended up having an accident."

Tess looked back. She had a female cadet like her, but a girl a head taller than the boys, perched like her wall.

"Do you know that child's name? It doesn't look very strong."

"Weak. But stubborn. The other day, group 2 kids got together and collected some money. It's Piger's birthday. But the only person who didn't pay was Lian."

"Aha, is that why it was filmed?"

"I must have waited. But she was honestly surprised. I thought he had a quiet personality, but he is surprisingly hot-tempered."

"Hmm... ... ."

Only then did Tess take a closer look at Lian. He still kept his mouth shut, but he didn't seem to want to back down either.

'I have a kid like that. Certainly the kingdom is large.'

The excitement ended there. Due to the influence of her father, the commander of her occupied territory, she grew up watching a lot of geeks from her childhood.

No matter how much I believed in it, if the sword wasn't strong, it was the bottom line that it would break.

"Quack. Has this kid gone dumb? It's too late to regret it Surely you didn't want to buy it after doing something like this, did you?"

"Let's go outside. If the instructor knows, it's not good for the evaluation."

Pyger was not amused. He should have begged for his life right now, but rather avoided the instructor's eyes and said that he should fight.

"Come on, don't do as you wish. Follow. All the others follow. I'll show you what happens if you attack me."

Pyger took Lian to the vacant lot behind the building. Groups 1 to 3 were located behind Piger, and the only ones standing on Lian's side were the children outside the group.

But they had already lost their will to fight. No, I didn't come here with the intention of fighting from the beginning. It's just that I didn't belong to the group of pigers. In my heart, I resented Lian for making things this far.

"Hey, those who don't want to be beaten, come over here."

Pyger handed over the indulgences. The cadets didn't even worry. I passed Lian's side and rushed to the other side.

"Puhahaha! pitiful things. Hey Lian. What are you going to do now? Everyone has run away and only you are left."

"To rely on numbers. From the start, the buds are yellow."

"What is it?"

"If you have no choice but to fight, fighting is a knight. You don't even deserve to be a knight."

Pyger snorted. Anyway, when war breaks out, it is a knight to bite and tear each other like dogs. Chivalry was nothing more than a wrapper for those who survived it to exalt themselves.

"Okay, let's see if your fist is as strong as your muzzle. Let me face you directly. You'd better not be at ease. If I do it alone, it means I will kill you."

Lian raised his fist and took a fighting stance. On the other hand, Piger walked slowly as if he were taking a walk.

"I'll give you one shot. Hit it first."

When Pyger flicked his fingers, Lian threw a fist. At that moment, Piger, who avoided the attack, struck Lian in the abdomen.

"Ouch!"

Lian's eyes widened in pain from the tearing of her stomach. It felt like a heavy rock had been pushed into my stomach. Is this a schema-enhanced fist?

"You fool. Why am I hitting you?"

It was a firer mocking Lian, but it was surprising that he couldn't finish it in one blow. he was too careless He thought about that, and this time, he poured out a series of hits with all his heart.

Lian was on the verge of embarrassment. It was a bare-handed confrontation, but the schema itself was a murder weapon. It was as if he had been beaten up by a heavy-duty soldier.

Lian's legs lifted off the ground as Pyger's fists sank into his stomach.

When he landed again, even the toughest Lian couldn't stand. Bent at the knees, Lian's body plummeted toward the ground.

'Well then... ... .'

Pyger sneered at Lian. At that moment, Lian jumped out like an arrow and burrowed into her arms.

'what? Are you still holding out?'

Pieger was perplexed. Lian couldn't master the schema. He could also tell by the feel of his fist that he was in the right place. Unless he defended himself with a schema, he should have already lost his mind.

Lian focused on attacking Piger's ship. If you glared at his face, he would easily dodge. However, if you cover the opponent's view with a wide back and attack from below, even a fighter cannot hastily counterattack.

The operation was major and the Piger retreated one after another. His stomach throbbed with each punch.

'What is this bastard?'

From the point of view of Piger, it was worth winning. It was a disgraceful thing to have a melee with a guy who couldn't even handle the schema.

"You son of a bitch!"

Piger let go of the string of reason. Grabbing Lian's shoulder and pushing him away, he wrung his fists frantically. A dull sound of blows echoed through the clearing. The cadets watched the one-sided beating with pale faces.

When Piger came to his senses, Lian was crumpled like a rag. But she still didn't faint. Her Pygear's eyes caught fire as her Lian's fingers wiggled.

"Aww! it's annoying!"

Pyger's kick bombarded Lian. Finally realizing the seriousness of the situation, the children of Group 1 came running.

"Hey, stop! You really die like this!"

"Let go! I will kill you! Die, you bastard!"

Lian's reaction gradually slowed down and finally stopped moving. Pyger looked around him. Seeing the horror on the cadets' faces relieved them a little.

"Listen straight up! If you open up to me, this is what happens! Hey, get the rope!"

Lian was completely stripped, leaving only her bottoms. There were bruises all over her hard, muscular body. Feiger thought he should set an example here and hung the roped Lian from a tall tree.

Blood dripped from Lian's face, bent like a shrimp.

"Puhahaha! Are you a worm on a fishing pole? So why are you messing around without knowing the subject?"

"Quack. Oh, I'm really embarrassed. I pretended to be unlucky and I was caught properly."

Words of ridicule poured out from here and there. It was as if the war had been won.

Tess frowned. No matter how weak he is, he gives such shame to people.

Besides, there were also women of the same age in this place. What is Lian thinking right now? No, how much did she get her heart broken?

"eww... ... ."

Lian came to his senses. He didn't lose consciousness, but he wasn't sane either. Many cadets were giggling. It was like watching monkeys in a zoo.

Tess met Lian's eyes. She tried to put on a calm expression. Even sympathy would hurt in his current state. However, Lian broke expectations and winked with a smile.

"Ah, sorry about this. There are ladies too."

Tess still maintained her nonchalant expression, but a strange chemical reaction was taking place inside her.

"Puhaha! What are you talking about now? Even in this situation, you are bluffing. Weren't you just stupid?"

"Yaya! Be honest. What do you think you'll look like if you pretend to be proud of a subject that's beaten to death? You are so funny right now."

"Are you embarrassed? embarrassing? What's that like in front of women? I'd rather bite my tongue and die."

Lian looked down at the cadets. His eyes remained calm despite the many mockery.

"It's fine. Even if it's embarrassing."

"Puhaha! Well, guys like you should live like that for the rest of their lives. Or are you a pervert? Are you enjoying yourself right now?"

Lian said calmly.

"Because you'll soon forget."

Silence has arrived. An unknown and anxious aura dominated the silence.

"I fought to the best of my ability, so I am not ashamed. As time goes by, I don't even know if there was a day like today. by the way... ... Can you guys really forget?"

No answer came back. Their hearts were all beating fast.

"The images of you guys who rolled up their tails without even fighting will probably follow you for the rest of your life. and you'll regret it If I had fought then, if I had stood up then. But you know what? That you can't turn back time."

The cadets' faces trembled. It was a different form of fear from Piger's violence.

=======================================
[115] Report card at the end of the semester (7)





"It's okay to lose as much as you like. You can quickly forget the shame you endured to keep your beliefs. But the memory of running away in fear follows him for the rest of his life. Whether you are eating, sleeping, or on the battlefield, you have no choice but to suffer. So, the prosecutor's beliefs are like life. Once broken, it never comes back."

No one mocked Lian anymore.

"No one wants to have cowardly memories. Especially if you are a prosecutor. Perhaps the day will come when you will hate reminiscing about today more than you would die. so it ends here If you want to be confident in the future, at this moment, in this place... ... ."

Lian screamed, coughing up blood.

"I mean fight! You fools!"

Lian's cry penetrated the cadets' hearts. Blood boiled. His skills are different, but his desire to be called a ghost on the battlefield, the strongest swordsman, and a knight of steel is the same.

The fighting spirit of hundreds of people boiling at the same time was transmitted through the skin. The air was getting hot. There was no fear like before in the eyes looking at Pyger.

Group 1, starting with Pyger, felt a sense of crisis and spewed out their lives.

"shut up! No one listens to what losers say! do you want to knock me down then jump in I'll make you the same as the one hanging over there!"

Tess smiled and licked her lips.

"Hmm."

August Lian.

A candidate for admission to the swordsmanship academy.

"It was good."

Tess kicked off the ground and threw herself. Jumping over her firer, she untied the rope and her thump fell, Lian crawling over her sore body and twisting her cross-legged.

"Did you say Lian? I am Tess Let's fight together."

Tess offered to shake hands, but Lian just stared. He was bound with ropes and could not move.

Tess' appearance resonated with the children. Although she belongs to the women's group, her skills displayed during her training have been rated as equals with a firer.

"I will fight too! I can't stand it like this!"

"Women are stepping up, but men can't stay still!"

Both of you started to take Lian's side. In the end, all the cadets except for the 1st group got together and shouted.

"Let's show them! Let's get those idiots out of school!"

"Let's drive it out! Let's drive it out!"

Piger's group was surrounded by close to 300 children. No matter how much I increased my muscle strength with the schema, I couldn't deal with this many numbers.

"These children! I really want to die!"

"Kill if you can, son of a bitch!"

In group 2, the boy who used some strength took the lead first. The moment Feiger, whose jaw was turned, frowned and glared at the boy, dozens of people rushed in and beat him to the ground.

"Wait a minute! stop!"

Faced with reality, Piger shouted, but the children's resentment was not easily resolved.

Here and there, the first group of cadets were being treated the same. It was a situation where even the boys outside the group came forward and beat them up.

"Sah, save people! Instructor! Instructor!"

Tess smiled as she looked back at Lian, who was staring at the battlefield indifferently.

"Huh, sorry about this? I feel like I just stuck a fork in someone else's food."

"it's okay. Because I hate being a hero. That's why I called you here on purpose."

"what? Do you really not know?"

Tess, who realized it was true when Lian looked at her bewildered, put on an absurd expression.

"Are you stupid? There's no way the instructors will leave us free. All of the current situation will be reported."

Tess' prediction was correct. Pieger suffered a fracture and was expelled, and the other group 1 children who were in sync with him also completed the probationary period, but were notified of admission refusal.

And Lian... ... Despite his poor training results, he entered the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy as the first among the 30 admitted students.



Tess, recalling her first meeting with Lian, smiled bashfully, raising the corner of her mouth.

"Lian Yii, who used to be like that, is hovering around the bottom right now."

"shut up. Why are you suddenly talking about old things? Who asked for first place?"

"Huh, but it's really amazing, if it were me, I would have fallen into a sense of shame, but seeing how you train without a day off."

"You sound like a freak. It's been a long time since I graduated."

"Aren't you worried though? Anyway, since I entered the school, I have to graduate, and I have to tell my name as a prosecutor. If we continue like this, we won't be able to eat porridge or rice, right?"

"... ... You were very determined to kill your spirits."

"What! It's something I'm really worried about. I'm curious. What is the driving force that moves you?"

Lian looked up at the sky and thought. be the driving force After all, he was more comfortable than other cadets.

"It's good if you make a name for yourself as a prosecutor, but it doesn't matter if you don't. 'Cause I just need to be strong For the sake of the lord."

"Lord? What are you talking about?"

"Ah, I took the oath to be a knight."

Tess' eyes widened. She asked her kid next door who she was going to marry, and she felt like she was told she had a fiance.

"Really? You're not even twenty yet?"

A Knight's Oath is an oath that a swordsman can only take once in a lifetime. Therefore, when choosing a master, he had to meticulously consider the future and prospects.

"Are you okay? What kind of person are you? Do you know someone I know?"

Tess must have guessed that he must be famous. He's a war hero, a minister in a castle, or a lord of a provincial town. Wouldn't he have to be that much to entrust his whole life?

"Shirone."

"Shirone? Hmm, Shironera... ... . I don't know What are you doing?"

"my friend. I am attending a magic school in my hometown now."

Tess opened her chin in disbelief. Are you friends? Besides, she's not even an official wizard, she's a student.

"What are you thinking? No matter how close you are, you don't have to take an oath to be a knight. Oh, please... ... ?"

Tess suddenly felt uneasy. There was a case where a knight oath was given to a person who was neither famous nor had any prospects.

"A child named Shirone... ... Is it a girl?"

"Crazy? What are you thinking? No matter how talented I am, I wouldn't take a knight's oath like that."

"yes? Hmm."

Tess let out a sigh of relief.

"Anyway, don't be mean. I believe Shirone will be the best. That's why I risked my life."

Lian looked different today. To put it bluntly, it was a spirit of unity between the boys, but it wouldn't be enough to even pledge to become a knight unless you were a great person.

'Who the hell are you? Shironera... ... .'

At that moment, a good idea struck me. While I was thinking about how to get the word out, I came up with a good case called Shirone.

"Can I show you one more time? That child named Shirone."

"what? Why are you looking at my friend?"

"You should be able to bear it because you're curious about bragging like that. In short, aren't you going to school after having a job first?"

"Does that make sense out of the blue? Besides, Shirone is in Creas. It is very far from here."

"How are you? The semester will be over in a few days. After all, my family is in an occupied territory, so I have no one to meet. I can't go to Creas to play. That's right, there's an island south of there, isn't it? Since it's a tourist destination, I always wanted to go there. Let's go play together with Shirone."

Like a person who prepared in advance, Tess's words were not blocked. When Lian heard that, his thoughts changed. Of course, I had no desire to go out alone with Tess, but it would be different if Shirone intervened.

"Hmm, Shirone and... ... . But wouldn't it be a bit awkward if the three of us went together? Because I'm not good at socializing. Especially for women."

Tess' eyes twinkled at Lian's positive attitude. When he, who usually didn't even listen in the back of his ear, suddenly changed, on the other hand, I was jealous.

"Tell them to bring one Shirone too. There must be some girls you know at the magic school. I'm going to play 2 on 2. pair travel. how?"

It's a pair trip. It sounded fun. Above all, since she was Lian, who was only thinking about playing with Shirone after the semester was over, she had no reason to refuse.

"Well, think about it for a moment."

That's what he said, but it was as if he had already given permission. Tess nodded his head with a satisfied expression.

"Good. Shall we finish the last practical evaluation in a splendid way for the holiday?"

After most of the cadets finished their practical skills evaluation, it was Tess' turn.

"No. 47 Elsaine Tess. Ready for evaluation!"

When Tess shouted at the starting line to cross the obstacle, Kuan bent her fingers and gave a signal.

"Let's go."

Tess broke through the limbo-like obstacle at full speed. However, in front of the blade obstacle that was lower than the sitting height, the body had no choice but to stiffen.

Although she learned the schema earlier than others, today was the first time she experienced external gravity.

Due to the nature of the schema that affects the body, it is rare to master the schema during childhood. Also, even if there was, it was not recommended.

Tess made the first impact calmly. The shockwave that hit the ground and came up came through the schema.

'Let's take the center of gravity out of here!'

External gravity is not magic. It was just to create a strong inertia that overcomes gravity. With such confidence, Tess tilted her upper body.

'done!'

Tess' body escaped from under the blade while drawing a fan-shaped movement. It wasn't a fluke. So far, all the training that has been done without using external gravity has produced the current results.

"No. 47 Elsaine Tess. End of passing obstacles!"

When Tess opened her arms and reported, the cadets burst into applause. But her heart was pounding and she couldn't hear anything.

'I did it. Is this for real?'

Kuan's guidance was not in vain. He was aiming for this from the beginning and educating him.

'Even if you have a broken personality, a teacher is a teacher.'

Tess, who perfected the street fighting movement, proudly took first place. Since there were only a handful of participants left, it seemed that no one could surpass this score.

"No. 52 Ogent Lian. Ready for evaluation!"

When it was Lian's turn, Kuan's forehead wrinkled. He doesn't even expect it anyway. However, it was a strange cadet that made me rather anticipate it.

"try."

Lian kicked off the ground and charged. Obstacles that do not require a schema have been passed with outstanding level. But the problem was the last hurdle.

'First Impact!'

He bent his upper body while stepping hard on the ground. At the same time, Kuan's eyes flashed.

Lian thought something was strange. He felt the blade approaching his neck for some reason.

'what?'

Quan flew at breakneck speed and kicked Lian in the face. Lian rolled on the floor and couldn't get up for a while. An angry instructor limped in front of him, who struggled to raise his upper body.

"You bastard! Are you crazy? Are you excited to die? How are you going to sell schema and shove your neck into her blade?"

Lian, who had come to his senses, jumped up and shouted.

"sorry! But I did! schema... ... ."

"What nonsense are you talking about? don't you know what schema is? Guys who can't ski are out of practice!"

"no! Clearly it worked! I did a strength test and it passed!"

"What, man? Strengthen your muscles? Where are you lying... ... ."

Muscular strength was a test to verify the schema by lifting twice the body weight. Looking around, Quan calculated Lian's weight and found something suitable.

"Hey, you come here and listen to this."

It was a large chunk of stone left over from the construction of the training ground.

Lian took a deep breath and walked away. She honestly couldn't help but be nervous as she passed the strength test with all her might.

"Whoa!"

Lian hugged the stone and stretched her back with all her might. As he braced himself with his wobbly legs and raised his arms, a heavy stone floated over his head.

Quan pressed Lian's body with his fingertips. When the action of muscle fibers was transmitted through vibration, his expression darkened.

'Damn it.'

It wasn't a schema.

I've raised countless cadets, but this was the first time I've ever had such a talent.

No matter how talented you are, if you receive education in the best facilities, you will do at least a schema. But Lian wasn't even doing that.

Of course, if you don't have talent, it's enough to throw it away. Because there are many aspiring prosecutors in the world.

But Quan didn't want to abandon Lian. He was the guy who made me feel that way.

'How long have you been training... ... .'

I don't hate this guy No, he was a willpower worthy of respect as a swordsman. But one problem was blocking everything. he has no talent He would do anything if he had a little bit, but he didn't have it at all.

"I'm sorry, Lian, but you haven't mastered the schema."

The cadets' expressions changed to bewilderment. It was the first time in half a year that the words of sorry came out of Kuan's mouth.

"It can't be! here like this... ... You're holding this boulder! Then what the hell is this?"

Kuan sighed and said.

"that's... ... It's just the muscle strength of you, who is strong like an idiot."

Lian put on a puzzled expression. After a while, the stone he was holding fell with a thump.

August Lian. Last confirmed.





(end of volume 5)

=======================================