
Facts and Lies (1)

Shiina, caught by Yula, the leader of the wind farm, twisted her body with all her might.

"Quan! Quan!"

"Don't be fooled. Even now, cutting your throat is no business."

Yula's words were probably true, but he also knew that he wouldn't be able to kill himself easily.

"That's it! I will follow you So don't attack Quan."

Yula said nothing.

'It must be killed.'

The reason Shiina was held hostage in the first place was to neutralize Kuan.

'Is there any restraint more powerful than death?'

May this be the end.

As Yula flew away with such thoughts, a terrible sound was captured in her ear.

'what?'

When I turned around, the blood and flesh were spinning as if they were being ground by a machine.

"stop."

The squadron of 40 stopped, and the blood drained from Shiina's face.

"Quan??????

How many humans must be replaced to create what we can see now?

"Shina!"

When Kuan appeared through Fengzhang's defenses, Yula quickly confirmed the death.

"37 people."

It was probably a battle of around 10 seconds, and in the meantime, more than half of the 60-member formation had been cut down.

it is abandoned

"Big!"



Landing on the ground while spinning, Kuan performed a sword dance alone as if to appease the wrath of the sword.

The sight of him limping on one leg and wielding a sword with one arm was ridiculous at first glance.

"Shina... ... protect."

Every time he limped, the world shook, and sickness set in every time the sword spun.

Yula realized.

"I can't predict what's next. The probability of going from action to action has been completely destroyed."

That is the realm of idiot.

It was the reason that Kuan seemed to disappear and reappear every moment from her gaze.

The survivors of Pungjang returned to the main base.

"sorry."

It's something that can't be blamed.

'Yes, it's a world where mistakes are not tolerated. Fengzhang is the best swordsman group in the world.'

Realizing fluid dynamics with the human body is a state that cannot be reached with effort alone.

'Even though there were a lot of losses during the Great Cleanup, the new recruits filled the void with their genius.'

Even in the rehearsal of squadron battles, his skill was so perfect that there was almost no difference between him and a veteran.

'But Kuan, for that man... ...

Did even that trivial gap seem like a huge gap between life and death?

'Thirty-seven people who died like that.'

Yula, lost in thought, slowly lowered her sword and took off her owl mask.

'Parka Quan.'

He was walking with a limp on one leg, but it was unknown whether it would be the same in the next moment.

A cold sweat broke out on her forehead.

'It's a murderous grotesque.'

He doesn't know what will happen in the next moment, but Kuan is sure to carry it out.

'In other words, that man... ...

A symmetrical being of Yula, and an existence that became the same at the apex.

"Stop."

The moment her sword aimed at Quan's forehead, his steps stopped for the first time.

As the scenery vibrated, Fengzhang gnashed his teeth.

"Keugh!"

To put it in a realm, the accuracy of Yula's aiming the sword was probably atomic.

'I'm not caught.'

Quan was also impossible without moving the body with the same level of precision.

'It looks like it's stopped, but it's actually moving. Of course, humans will never be able to observe it.'

So what has changed is the feeling.

"Quan, I sincerely congratulate you. You have reached the pinnacle of technology today." "So don't suggest me again. This is the first time in my history. Become a member of the wind field."

There was determination in her eyes.

"I will give you the authority to lead the first squadron."

He was the leader of the wind farm.

"Captain."

Yula ignored Daewon's words.

"You asked before, isn't it embarrassing to be called the strongest in group swordsmanship? In return, you lost a leg, but now you have the right to say that. lead the wind This position is proof that the world's strongest swordsmanship."

Everything she said was sincere, as she had never broken her convictions in her life.

Kuan looked up at the sky and replied.

"Shina... ... protect."

Somewhere in the incoherent tone, not only Poongjang, but also Shiina had a terrifying thought.

'no. It can't be.' It's just the edge of something.

'Now that I'm in danger, I have no choice but to do something. So... ...

It will be something that can be reversed.

Unlike Shiina, who was blindly obsessed with it, Yula finally understood everything.

"is it?"

that there is no choice but to do so.

'It's a pity.'

To hide the emotion on her face, she put on the owl mask again.

"Kill him."

Except for Yula, all of Fengzhang exploded.

It spread and flew towards Quan.

In the garden of the Delta headquarters, Shirone and Kido were sending each other their murderous intentions.

"Shirone."

Kido only moved his lips.

"I don't want to fight with you."

"It is the same."

Although they were enemies, they knew all too well why they were fighting each other.

"I want to go to Uorin. That's all."

Not only Tormia, but the troops of each temple must have been frantic to kill the empress.

"Why are you here?"

Shirone asked.

"As you said, protecting Uorin is all wealth. Couldn't you stop her? Why did you join in?"

"Uorin... ...

There was sadness in Kido's eyes.

"You don't like me." "All I can do is this. She will leave me if I don't give her what she wants."

'it's not like that.'

Uorin would not abandon Kido, but he understood Kido's sorrow.

Shirone said.

"I'm worried about Shiina-sensei. Mr. Kuan too."

Since Tormia gave up on Shiina, the only person who could rescue them was Shirone.

'I've been wasting too much time here. Mr. Quan won't last long.'

Through Omega, he knows the fighting power of 100 Fengzhang.

'Especially Yula... ...

As Shirone withdrew his hostility and turned around, Kashan's guards moved slowly.

It was a truce due to mutual needs, but Kido said this while passing by Shirone.

"I owe you."

Shirone's eyes grew hot.

"Kid too."

The two passed each other and turned around, and Shirone asked with a smile.

"Are we friends?"

Kido kicked the ground and said.

"of course."

No one in the wind field screamed, but Shiina wanted to cover her ears.

The sound of flesh being cut, the sound of bones snapping, the sound of wind blowing from organs.

It was as if the body was screaming.

"now stop... ... !"

It was unknown how much Quan's share would be in the bloody whirlpool that was born in front of him.

"Shina!"

A rain of blood and flesh poured down around Quan, who jumped out screaming like a demon.

Now the number of Fungjang is 24.

Fengzhang's annihilation was already decided in that he had cut down 75 people alone.

Yula muttered.

"Wonderful."

wind is the wind

The reason why the wind is the strongest is also because no one can avoid the wind... ... .

"I can't reach you."

Quan was avoiding the wind.

Lame, one-armed, one-eyed, one-eared, now even his thoughts will not be perfect.

'No, I don't have to think about it.'

Watching the sword demon's sword dance, Yula shuddered at the memory flooding from distant nostalgia.

'Was it that?'

I couldn't picture the ideal swordsmanship with my head, but there was a feeling that transcended the five senses.

'The swordsmanship the girl dreamed of.'

A killing machine that can cut down on everyone while ignoring all strength-based factors.

'I wanted to become the strongest prosecutor.' She became the leader of the Fungjang, able to command 99 swordsman geniuses like limbs.

And now, the genius she had ruined was destroying all meaning.

"Shina... ...

Every time he limped and drew his sword, Fengzhang's black curtain was stained red with blood.

'I cut it.'

Achilles tendon cut out.

That should have ended the path of the sword, but in the end Quan came a long way back.

'Is it to protect this woman?' If a sword is meant to kill someone, then Yula was definitely the world's strongest swordsman.

'Quan's sword... ...

A sword to protect someone.

"Let's make a decision."

After putting Shiina on the ground, Yula walked towards Kuan, who cut down 99 people.

'The back is empty.'

The moment Shiina was about to enter the Spirit Zone, Yula spoke first.

"Make no mistake." How sensitive she is, Shiina asked herself.

'I know the sensitivity of the test. It doesn't seem to be a different reaction from other tests. But obviously... ...

The idea that it is much faster, or an illusion?

If feeling is a realm that cannot be measured by humans, Yula's feeling is indeed a monster.

"If you want to fight, do it. But think carefully about whether your actions will benefit or harm him."

Shiina could not intervene.

'I don't even know how to help.'

Yula moved again.

'I can reach it.'

Fengzhang embodies fluid dynamics with her body, but her realm goes much deeper than that.

'My senses are in the right place.'

Even in the quiet surface of the water, the reality is that numerous atoms are moving in a chaotic manner.

"The culmination of Jung-Jung-Dong."

In Yula's eyes, Quan seemed to blink, but he aimed precisely at the black heart.

"Goes."

Quan and Yula moved at the same time.

Relatively slow compared to their inaction

Because of the speed, Shiina was puzzled.

What happened at the moment of the collision, she never knew.

The wind blew, and the two quietly crossed each other, keeping their backs to each other in silence.

The owl mask split in two, revealing Yula's pale, smiling face.

A drop of blood ran down the forehead, passed the bridge of the nose and lips, and reached the chin.

"under... ... under."

It cut through the chest to a depth that could not be matched by an inch, and left the center line while bisecting the abdominal muscles.

Blood poured out like a fountain from the gap between the blades, and Yula's body fell over with the output.

"Quan!"

Shiina ran to Kuan, who was kneeling down.

"Quan! are you okay? Quan!"

"I didn't reach you."

Surprised by Yula's voice, Shiina turned her head with a wary look.

"I almost got there... ... It didn't reach."

Why?

' iced coffee.'

Yula's confused eyes calmed down.

'Should I protect it?'

To Yula, Uorin is just an object she has to persevere for her beliefs.

"That would be nice."

Yula's expression was ready.

"Because I have become the noblest person in this world. More than the Empress of Kashan."

I couldn't breathe anymore.

'I'm sorry, Empress.'

He died, hoping that one day you will meet someone who will truly give it to you.

"Quan, Quan."

Shiina shook Kuan again.

"Shina."

"Quan! Are you awake?"

Her face turned pale, but the moment she saw Quan's condition, she turned pale again.

"... ... protect."

She shook her head.

"no. It's over now. that you won So you can come back now."

"Shina... ... I... ...

"No!"

Shiina could not accept it.

"Where is this law! without telling me! You said you'd be by my side!

never again, never again... ... !"

that I won't leave

Realizing the contradiction in those words, she buried her face in Quan's chest.

"Aaaaa! Aaaaa!"

Shirone noticed the flesh all over the place, Yula's corpse, and Quan muttering the same thing.

"Teacher... ...

In front of Shiina's sobbing figure, he couldn't think of any words of comfort.

Facts and Lies (2)

By the time Shiina's cries died down, Kuan fell on her unconscious.

"Quan."

She checked her condition with a surprised expression, but fortunately her heart was beating.

Shirone asked.

"Sir, what happened?" Shiina, who was lost in her thoughts, spoke.

"Fengzhang has been annihilated. And Kuan... ... It feels like they gave up something for me."

She turned to Shirone.

"I can't go to the temple like this. I want to take care of Kuan for a while. Would that be okay?"

"... ... Yes."

Even in Shirone's thoughts, Kuan didn't want to be on the battlefield anymore.

"Do not worry too much. Kuan is a strong person. He will definitely come back."

Shirone didn't know how that could be, but Shiina nodded.

"yes. I will never give up. Kuan will definitely come back to me

peel."

The Sword Demon left the battlefield.

The front of the Delta Headquarters was noisy with the sound of demonstrations by city leaders who had gathered from the morning.

"Get away from Geese!"

"Let's uphold Shirone's will! Yahweh is also accusing Kish of absurdity!"

Thanks to a line in the article, Shirone also rose to fame.

The voices of nearly 600 people reached the Delta Headquarters through the garden.

"Sigh."

The man who was looking out the window in the neutral zone's office sighed.

My name is Raymond.

He was Geese's political rival and the man who sold the trap in collusion with Arachne.

'It seems that my heart is being torn by the cries of the citizens. How should I change this filthy country?'

Tears welled up in his eyes as he remembered the political mission he had to fulfill in the future.

"Mrs. Raymond." While the escort knights were on guard, Phaedra, the prime minister of Arachne, entered.

"Ah, are you here?"

Raymond hurriedly stole his tears, but he couldn't fool Phaedra's eyes.

"You must be very concerned."

"It is. So many people are worried about the future of the Jive Kingdom. I feel like I have a stake in it, so I don't feel comfortable."

"Don't think so. Isn't it all to make the world a better place? You are doing well."

"Whoa."

As Raymond let out a sad sigh, Phaedra patted his shoulder and pointed to the door.

"Let's go together. There is nothing like exercise for stress. Sweating is the best."

"Maybe?"

The place where Phaedra took Raymond was the deepest part of the Arachne sector.

A beautiful middle-aged woman greeted them.

"Welcome to."

She was the leader of Arachne's think tank, Yoeumbang, which focuses on beauty.

"Make it a quiet place."

"All right."

With Raymond's escort guarding the door, the two entered the secret room.

Two women were chained limb to limb.

"Today I will win."

As Phaedra raised the whip, Raymond also picked up one and savored the feel of the leather.

aka Crying Game. The rules were simple.

The first player to hit the woman tied to the cage once each wins.

When Phaedra took the lead, the sound of flesh being torn was heard along with the sound of a sharp wind.

"Huh!"

The woman held back her screams.

The moment he committed evil with his upbringing, he would be subjected to far more terrible things than he was now.

Raymond swung his whip.

"scratch!"

The woman's waist was bent like a bow.

"A guy like you is king? On the topic of ruining Jive! Do you know how hard it is for citizens? uh? Right now, citizens are possessed with tears of blood!"

After Phaedra's turn, when it was Raymond's turn again, a crackling sound erupted.

"Oh oh."

Havits, who was squatting in the corner and eating snacks, opened her eyes wide.

"This one was good."

He stopped by this place whenever he was bored and was concentrating as if he were watching a sports game.

"An equal world! uh? I am the only one who can create a world where everyone is equal!"

Harvitz's eyes were locked in the abyss.

'Do you think it's a contradiction?'

people of the world.

'No, this is human.' A monster of self-justification.

'Arm yourself with every conceivable logic. After all, morality, conscience... ...

It may be true for some.

'In reality, that too is just self-justification to hide weakness. The strong have no conscience.'

what is human

'It's because if you have the ability to do something and don't damage yourself, you can commit anything.'

Raymond did everything in his power.

"For Jive!"

When the whip hit the spot where the blood was flowing again, the woman's mouth opened wide.

"Kyaaaaaa!"

Phaedra threw the whip and clapped.

"bravo! Is this a record?"

"Sigh! Sigh!"

Then he put his hand on the shoulder of Raymond, who was breathing heavily, and smiled.

"Are you feeling better?"

"Whoa! Yes. Sweating off makes me feel better. Thanks to you, I played well."

"This is what I do. Just say it anytime. And this woman...?"

Phaedra severed the screaming woman's rope and she fell to the ground like a corpse.

"I have to dispose of it anyway, so take it with me. Yoeumbang will take care of the aftermath."

"Poor you. Can't you save it?"

"Yes. Because if there is an exception, the game won't work. Isn't there such a thing as a system?"

"but."

"Get a good rest today. Since the trap was dug properly, Gis will not be able to escape. Now, peace comes to Jive as well. Under the rule of King Raymond."

Raymond was heartbroken.

"It is all thanks to the Prime Minister. When I become the king, I will never forget today."

"Enjoy, enjoy."

When Phaedra beckoned, the maids of Yoeumbang dragged the woman into the room.

"then."

Then, as soon as Raymond said hello, Ma quickly followed after him.

Phaedra clicked her tongue.

'anyway... ...

The brain is like a child, and when exposed to certain pleasures, it forgets the lesser pleasures.

'Always want something more stimulating. If you can do it and it doesn't hurt you... ...

He didn't think deeply.

"Well, that's why we also eat and live."

The women in Yoeumbang threw the woman with blood on her back onto the bed and left.

"Huh. Whoops."

Raymond touched her wound.

"Are you sick?"

"Ahhh!"

"Yeah, it hurts. My heart hurts too. Be patient. I'll make it easy for you soon... ...

At that moment, a woman's thumb entered Raymond's left neck.

"please! Ugh!"

Even in the midst of surprise, I tried to make a sound, but it was exactly a situation where my vocal cords were blocked.

"yes. It hurts, you son of a bitch."

When she raised her upper body and twisted her thumb, the positions of the two were completely reversed.

"Turn it off... ... !"

Even when he was crushed by a woman, Raymond saw that her claws were sharp.

'Sal, save me! Bodyguard! My bodyguard!'

"Ho Ho! Even though the gills are clogged, it still flutters! After all, fresh is the best."

Moistening her lips with her tongue, she began dismembering Raymond's throat with her ten fingers.

A terrible sound was heard, and finally, having ripped all of her flesh, she severed the vertebrae in her neck.

"Whoa!"

As I grabbed the hair from my neck and got off the bed, a member of Yoeumbang entered.

"It's finished?"

the woman asked, lifting Raymond's neck.

"The escort driver?"

"Me and Roro took care of it."

As she tore open her mouth, flesh could be seen between sharp teeth leaking deadly poison.

"Because it never ends with lips."

"yes. let's go."

She placed Raymond's head in a wooden box, closed the lid, and walked away.

Phaedra was waiting.

"I have done it."

When I opened the lid, Raymond's face appeared, staring at the ceiling with his eyes wide open.

"Hey, Mr. Raymond."

Phaedra brought her face closer.

"Why are you making such a scary face? Is it because it's unfair to die? yes?

Are you embarrassed?"

His hand patted Raymond's cheek.

"Hey, say something. I don't know why you died Shall I tell you?" "Because it's clumsy."

Phaedra smiled and stepped back.

"Because you're the second-in-command of Jive, and you're next to Gis, did you think you could be anything? You are not a king or anything. There is nothing you can give me."

If Raymond had been able to reveal his shameful appearance to the bodyguards... ... .

"That's why you're not good for Geese."

Geese can do it.

The woman in Yoeumbang asked as she closed the box.

"What about the settlement?"

"70 percent was paid in advance. If the neck is crossed, the balance will be paid, and the deal is over."

"One percent is ours."

It was 1 percent of the astronomical amount Gis had to pay to Arachne.

"Okay, man. pecking."

From the beginning, Arachne had no intention of making Raymond the King of Jive.

'If you want to rip the ribbon, you have to rip it properly.' Even if voting was important, there was no way a powerful country like Jive would yield to Arachne.

Therefore, after trapping Geese, he demanded money in return for saving him.

Phaedra rubbed the fingers of both hands.

"Big money. this is business Fold slowly. The temple work is over, so why not enjoy it?"

The leader of Yoeumbang asked.

"Will Geese be okay? I have a feeling I did too badly. What if we use dumpers?"

"It's fine. That should be enough to not be intimidating. Raymond's throat was cut, so we'll take care of the rest."

"Then what about Rangi?"

Phaedra's eyebrows twitched.

"Sheesh! It seems like a clever thing. leave it alone for now It must mean that you want to live as long as you give up your share and stick to Yahweh. I won't do anything stupid."

Having heard that far, Havitz turned around.

'Hmm, Rangira.'

I had to find another target because it was going to be an hour since I killed Gando.

'It's a little vague. If you get directly entangled with Yahweh, it's annoying. There should be a goblin next to Uorin...

At times like this, God's frequency was resentful.

'It's not fun.'

The back story of Arachne Kingdom, which would have been fun to listen to in the past, was just boring.

'Greater pleasure. Does such a thing exist?'

As I was walking down the hallway with that thought in mind, I heard a familiar voice from around the corner.

"Havitz."

I stopped walking and slowly turned around to see Zetaro and Sumodo standing side by side.

"I... ... see?"

It was in a vanishing state.

Havits, who was watching the two staring into the sky, turned his gaze to the side.

Wena Wizard was standing.

"Hoo?"

Vanishing was released, and Zetaro and Sumodo finally recognized Habits as their head.

"Havitz, long time no see."

"is it? I don't know. Why did you suddenly come looking for me? You want to join the assassination game?"

"no. I want to suggest a game I made."

"Hmm."

Not using God's frequency meant that I wasn't completely uninterested.

"Well, the only thing that can kill me is the game. But am I still having enough fun?"

Rather, I wanted to play with Wizard.

"Why don't we just mess around? I have something I want to do after I kill you guys quickly."

Zetaro was saddened by the fact that Habitz's eyes were fixed on the Wizard.

'If I can't convince you, there's no chance.'

said with that thought.

"You will like it. It's okay to risk your life."

"Hoo."

"Facts and lies. That is the name of this game."

Hearing the name of the game, Habitz opened the god's frequency with a throbbing heart.

And... ... .

"Quack! Kkkkkkkkk!"

The corners of his mouth were grotesquely torn.

Facts and Lies (3)

'I really want to kill myself.' Because I only have friends.

Moved by their determination, Habitz finally turned his attention to Zetaro.

"Explain."

I knew the rules with God's frequency, but it wasn't a game that I could win with just my head.

Zetaro said.

"The game will be played between you and the Wizard. The rules are simple. One truth and one lie." Harvits laughed.

"But you mean we can't tell each other what's true and what's false?"

"yes. One thing must be said. If you don't prove it, you lose."

"Is the price of defeat death?"

"Well. I want to do that, but I want to avoid a situation where the final goal works within the rules. If you can prove 'I will die' as a fact, you will rather win the game. Then the rules are broken, right?"

"Doesn't it matter? Because you want to kill me anyway."

"Then it's not a game."

When Zetaro smiled softly, Harbitz felt a chill for the first time in a long time.

"Hehe, yes."

Satan is unpredictable.

If the rules of the game themselves were broken, he would survive in any situation.

'As expected, it's fun with Zeta.'

Harvits asked, feeling a little excited.

"What is the cost of defeat?"

Wizard said.

"Let's do it by granting the other person's wish. It cannot be arbitrarily determined."

"haha. Whatever your wish is, it doesn't matter, right?"

Despite seeing the madness in Havitz's eyes, the wizard calmly replied.

"Yes, whatever you wish."

They may have different wants, but the Wizard's aspirations were no less than Havitz's.

"Okay, then let's sort it out. For example, in an hour I will eat an apple. In an hour I will eat strawberries. One of these is true and one is false

to be."

Jetaro nodded.

"yes. You must prove the fact by eating either an apple or a strawberry. Eat both, or neither, it's all your defeat."

There must be one truth and one lie.

"Hmm."

After that, Havitz, who checked the detailed rules, was unexpectedly cautious.

Sumodo narrowed his eyes.

'As expected.'

That this is really dangerous

As the thought took longer than expected, the party was nervous, but Jetaro was confident.

'Havitz will agree.'

The conversation from an hour ago flashed into my mind.

"Havitz will agree."

When Zetaro said that, Balkan thought with a pale face.

"Are you 100 percent sure? Playing the game means following the rules. Chaos, its greatest strength, is weakening. It seems like a form of suicide for someone who already plays an assassination game to double play."

Zeta also agreed.

"I guess so. No game could shake him unless it was quite funny. But this time it's possible. Because there is a wizard."

Zetaro looked back at the Wizard.

"Actually, the rules are simple. The important thing is mind. And with psychology, you can stab Havitz. It's because it's a rule that you must tell one thing."

"God's frequency."

"yes. Harvits can't read wizards' minds. When I heard the rules of the assassination game, I immediately felt it. Harvits can get sick of everything. If the only thing she can't read her mind is her wizard, then she just needs to make her rules around her."

Vulcan laughed.

"Certainly so. People are more important than games. If you play this game with someone you're not interested in, it just becomes a pointless pun. But he wants to know about Wizard. I will actively participate."

"It's good if Havitz is fun." Zetaro had a sad expression.

"So... ... You will definitely play this game." "great." Harvits said.

"I agree."

Even the Wizard, who maintained an extreme coolness, had a slightly flushed face.

Harvits checked the time.

"I have to play my game soon, so shall we go this way first? I will kill Zetaro in this assassination game."

Is it true or false?

"And another one. I will kill Sumodo in this assassination game." One of the two must be true.

"If you can avoid it, avoid it. you two

If all of this survives, it will be my defeat."

"Hmm."

Sumodo rested his chin.

'Have you already made up your mind? Or are you simply listing the two and choosing from them? Anyway, me and Zeta, one of them will die.'

Jetaro was also lost in thought.

'Is it too easy? If Sumodo and I commit suicide, it's over, right? Harvey's thoughts... ... :

he raised his head

"ah."

Harvits is into this game.

'Even if Sumodo and I commit suicide, if the Wizard loses, it will be a draw. It was a declaration of war that would somehow make Wizard fail. No, a much bigger desire than that.'

How will the opponent turn out?

"like. Received. then me

Is......"

Wizard said.

"I will kiss Shirone until this assassination game is over."

true or false.

"and I... ... I will kiss you until this assassination game is over."

Jetaro nodded inwardly.

'As expected, Wizards understand the essence of this game. There is no need to worry about this.'

not a child

Perhaps through every simulation imaginable, her mind will mature as an adult.

'If you don't get pushed in the psychological warfare, you can beat Havitz. It doesn't matter what is true and what is false. The real intention of this game is... ...

It's the same as what Zetaro is feeling right now.

"Fun."

Harvits said.

"Okay, accept it. Then where... ... I have eight minutes before my game starts."

He put the watch in and said.

"good. Eight minutes."

Sumodo and Zetaro hurriedly ran away as they exchanged glances with each other.

"Tick-tock, tick-tock."

Habitz, who had been making the sound of the clock, asked the wizard who was still there.

"Are you thinking of killing me now? The moment you have the intent to kill, vanishing will be triggered."

Harvits raised an eyebrow.

"Or what? You want to kiss me?"

"Even if you don't kill me." When the wizard invoked incarnation, the ghastly afterimage of the free god appeared in the air.

"It's enough to stop you."

"You make the game boring."

Of course, it didn't matter which position you took in the game, considering the winner's reward.

'It became stronger.'

From the swaying appearance of the free spirit, Habitz had an intuition of what kind of state she was in.

"haha."

Life flashed in Havitz's eyes.

"Sorry."

Twelve shadows formed under the wizard's feet, and then the jade came up.

'I'm perfect too.'

The moment Habitz flung himself, Wizard gritted his teeth and activated the Free Spirit.

White porcelain reverse rotation.

"For Satan... ... !"

0.666 seconds broke and time returned before Siok could even speak.

"Sheesh!"

I hurriedly ran through the corridor, but Havits was nowhere to be seen at the fork in the road.

'Where did you go? Sumo too? With Zeta?'

50% odds.

'I don't get caught in the Spirit Zone. You activated the prison. Should I rely on half odds? or not... ...

Should I meet Shirone and complete the mission?

There were 5 minutes left.

Zetaro ran until a sweet taste lingered in his mouth.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

Rather than being afraid of death, it was to do my best to make Havitz happy.

'Havitz will kill me.'

Three minutes ago, Zetaro said this to Sumodo.

"Havitz will kill me. If it's fun to kill someone you like more, I'm sure."

It was his pride.

"I will lure Havitz out, so run away. Now I have no choice but to leave it to fate."

"Are you okay?"

"We are just tools in this game anyway. The Wizard can do it right."

"okay. then... ... Be careful. Kuk-kuk." When Sumodo burst into laughter at her own words, Jetaro's lungs shook.

"Chuck! I need a slap on the cheek me too."

Since only the Wizard is aware of Havitz's vanishing, he may not even know he dies.

"Goodbye."

So the two parted at a crossroads.

Jetaro went into an empty office room, locked the door, and hid under a desk.

"I can't run anymore."

At that time, vaguely waiting for death and trying to recall the pleasant memories of the past.

"yes?"

Vanishing has been activated.

'Why am I here? He must have come in to avoid something... ...

1 minute left.

Sumodo stood blankly in the hallway.

"What have you forgotten?"

Harbitz, he was approaching Sumodo with his long sword hanging down.

"By this, my words are true."

3 seconds, 2 seconds, seconds remaining.

It was the moment when he checked the time and twisted his back to decapitate Sumodo.

"Huh!"

As the light of Hexa spread throughout the Delta Headquarters, Habits was recognized in Sumodo's mind.

Through Elicia's quantum signal, the situation here spread throughout the building.

Shirone's figure flickered.

"Yahweh??????

Once an hour to match the assassination game.

"Kiyi!"

With a grotesquely distorted face, Harbitz thrust his sword into Sumodo's heart.

"Keugh!"

I hurriedly twisted my body, but the sword pierced the lungs of the sumo sword and escaped through my back.

The Wizard, who grasped the location, arrived.

"Havitz!"

"... ... What is sumodo?"

Still sitting under the desk, Zeta Law muttered with a dazed expression.

"Why? why not me... ...

Wizard had no choice but to admit it, but it was shocking to be beaten by sumodo.

"no!"

Zetaro grabbed his head.

"It can't be! Harvits said I was the funniest! why me... ... !"

As soon as the sword was pulled out, Sumodo, who had spilled blood, smiled.

'Zeta. thank god.'

He sat down on the floor, leaning his back against the wall and panting.

'This version, Harvits wouldn't have been fun.'

Harvits turned around.

"I won."

he said with his arms outstretched.

"You haven't met Shirone. And I killed Sumodo. It's my win."

"It is not over yet."

The Wizard pointed to Sumodo.

"Because I'm still breathing."

Sumodo nodded, clutching his stomach and surviving on the air left in his lungs.

"Hmm, then shall we put an end to it?"

At the same time as the wizard activated the impermanent god, Havitz raised his sword.

Chogong-mugye creation.

At that moment, 1 frame disappears.

When Havitz came to his senses, the wizard was kissing him before he knew it.

Even until the Wizard landed silently, Havits stood still holding his sword.

"This is a draw."

Sumodo burst into laughter as he consumed the air in his lungs, which was more precious than gold.

"Cheack."

And he said, exposing his bloody teeth.

"Go first. Have fun."

When Sumodo finally died, Harbitz looked back at Wizard and touched his lips.

'He kissed me.'

that's an obvious fact.

But does that mean the wizard likes you?

'I don't know. I can't read your mind Is it just a game? Or maybe... ...

I would like to know.

I wanted to know like crazy.

Jetaro thought.

'Yeah, I don't know, Harvits. Why did you choose sumodo? But that's the true meaning of this game.'

True or false, by any word, by any deed, by any proof.

'We are......

You cannot know the truth of others.

Facts and Lies (4)

Melkidu, the haven of murderers.

Space 1 of the outer track is the only village that those who first come to Melki-Doo cannot go to.

Village 1, Vital.

The special reason is that attacks between users are prohibited and there are no missions.

On the contrary, it was a place where many users stayed because there were many convenient facilities.

all.

"Finally collected."

Sitting in the restaurant, Shirone and the others started the meeting with the map they had made open.

"100 million crime points."

At Nade's words, even in their friends' heads, the hardships of the past flowed like a kaleidoscope.

Eden sighed.

"It was hard. Because I only cleared it with honorable misdeeds to take the privilege route."

The honorable evil perk could not be received for committing even one ordinary murder.

Iruki said.

"If you go around the outer track seven times and get 100 million, that's the perfect attack level. In some missions, I scored 10 million points on a single bomb. But the problem starts now."

On the map they produced, the outer tracks of Melkidoo were drawn closely.

"A total of 468 tracks. Among them, we filled out 207 columns based on our own experience and information. Accelerating point accumulation in this state is unreasonable."

For example, some missions roll dice to reduce the villain's health.

On the other hand, the opponent's attack deducts huge points, so quick elimination was the key.

"The lord of immorality. This is the only mission where I lost points. You'll need items, and you'll need to strengthen your dice. Let's get into the inner track soon."

Shirone said.

"The price of items entering Melkidu from the internal track is 10 billion points. If we continue like this, we will reach it someday, but there is no time for that."

The best route was to step up the dice on the inside track and sweep the points.

said Nade.

"Once we've collected 100 million, let's make it double. I saw a casino on the way."

You can gamble in other towns, but the gambling hall in Vital is run by the system.

"It's convenient because you don't have to get involved with other users. However, betting opportunities are once for each crossing of the starting point. There is also a limit on the bet amount per unit. 1 to 99 points, 100 to 999 points."

It was the reason I came to the first cell after collecting 100 million won.

"It's impossible to collect up to 1 billion. Even earning 100 million points in one shot is huge."

Eden asked anxiously.

"What if I lose? You lose almost everything."

"haha! We have Shirone. He said he never loses in gambling. I don't know if it's Satan."

Silence came suddenly.

"Melkidu is Satan's... ...

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Nade stood up with an awkward laugh.

"now! Let's stop useless thoughts and get out of here. You can earn 100 million points!"

Friends sighed.

"I'm a bit anxious." After closing the door of the restaurant and escaping, Shirone and the others went to the gambling hall in the center of the village.

About 10 stalls were installed and people were waiting in line.

'I couldn't meet so many people in other villages. It's Bai Tal after all.'

A man came out of the first compartment.

"Amazing, Great!"

It was probably a victory, and other users looked at it with envy.

"How much did you earn?"

Iruki answered Nade's words.

"It's not really a lot of money. Even if it's a 50% chance, it's life at stake. No one bets the way we do. Or a point conglomerate."

Row 6 was the shortest and row 7 was the longest.

"As expected, superstition reigns in a place like this. Where shall we wait?"

There was nothing to ask.

"Let's go to number 6."

After a while, the door to compartment 6 opened and a woman came out with a teary face.

"Heh, hehe."

She walked with her shoulders trembling, and eventually sat down as if her legs gave out.

"Aww! oh my god!"

It seemed that they had bet quite a lot, but no one showed sympathy.

When Shirone and the others entered the door, the phase space unfolded just like when the mission was completed.

- Welcome to the Devil's Gambling Ground. Please set betting points.

Shirone met her friends and said.

"100 million points."

-Points are deducted. Currently, the remaining points are 6,878,300 points.

Shirone caught two of her crime dice, the hexahedron, falling.

- The side with the higher number wins.

Since the system also uses the same dice, there was no advantage even if the dice were strengthened.

"Goes."

Forgetting to even breathe, the friends watched the dice fall to the ground.

6 and 6 popped up.

- It's a double. You will be given one more chance.

Shirone threw the dice again without thinking, and the result was the same.

"Whoa, that's okay. To be honest, I was nervous."

Iruki was cautious.

"I can't be relieved yet. Because the system can come out with the same hand. Then it will be a draw."

"Eh.] No way, three times in a row...

While talking, the system rolled dice and two numbers called 6 came to mind.

Nade's eyes widened.

"what?"

If a 6 and a 6 come up next, the total score is tied with Shirone at 24 points.

"What if there is a draw?" A system message was heard.

- The match will be held once again, and the double will be reset. However, if you are an accomplice, the participation target will change.

chills down the spine

If the odds were 50 percent, I wouldn't have bet 100 million points in the first place.

'please please. Here's what I'm throwing.'

While Ned's heart was beating fast, two dice emitted light.

One is 6, one is 4.

-24 to 20. Congratulations. You have won the game. We give you double the bet amount.

Nade was about to collapse.

"Haha, how many times did 6 come up? My stomach is full of stomach juices."

"It would be a very unlucky case for ordinary people. Still, I ate this raw."

- 100 million points will be given as a victory reward. Current points are 206,878,300 points.

"Okay, I just need to collect 9.7 billion more."

Leaving behind the silly jokes and leaving door number 6, I could feel people staring at me.

'There's nothing good about showing off.'

Confrontation between users is prohibited, but they could meet anywhere.

"you."

As the group turned around, the woman who had been gambling at door 6 was following them.

"Did you get it?" The woman shrugged her shoulders.

"Don't be too wary. I'm a point beggar now. Can you tell me about winning or losing?"

Shirone said.

"I won. Why?"

"Hmm, there... ...

Suddenly, the woman twisted her body.

"It's because I really don't have points, but if the store buys one thing I want... ...

"let's go."

As Nade savagely pushed the backs of his friends, the woman lifted her axe eye.

"They are real! You know who I am!"

"Who are you? Suckling Penaji."

Fena's eyes widened at the voice heard from behind, and Shirone turned her head.

"uh?"

Curtis, who had helped them when they first came to Melkidoo, raised his hand to them.

"I haven't seen you in a long time."

This place was also a kind of undercoder, so the time was different from the real world.

"Mr. Curtis? How are you here?"

"The dice god led me here... ... is a lie, I've been waiting for you guys. I thought I would stop by the gambling house in this amount of time."

It was correct.

Pena snorted.

"Sheesh, what is it? Were you acquainted? Seeing you play with Curtis, you guys don't care too much, do you?"

Curtis smiled.

"It would be better to stop thinking like that. These guys are professional wizards in real life."

"Hoo?"

Shirone asked Curtis while Pena looked at each other again.

"Do you two even know each other?"

"Rather than just acquaintances... ... It's a familiar face. It's not particularly strong or weak, so I'd say it's the type that goes around the outside track in moderation?"

"You are laughing! Do you think I'm like you? I'm going to die of anger because I already lost in gambling."

"haha. And I tell you, don't believe this woman. It's not for nothing that the nickname of Suction and Transformation Ghost was attached. Even if she loses in gambling, she'll keep her break."

Pena frowned.

' what?'

It was more curious that Curtis was pouring out information about his sorcery than his identity being revealed.

'What do you believe in and pour information on? Are you saying that these kids will never lose money?'

Curtis asked.

"How many points do you guys currently have?"

As expected, there was no answer.

"Huh, you seem quite an expert. Then can you tell me how many laps I've done around the outside track?"

"I cannot reveal. You can infer the points."

"So you are asking. There is no perfect alliance, but isn't it enough trust to exchange information?"

"Is the information Mr. Curtis has worth the risk of revealing a point?"

"maybe. The information I know is a hidden way to enter Melkidu."

Shirone made eye contact with his friends.

"how? Alcohol is what you guys buy." Curtis pointed to the restaurant and Pena interrupted.

"I-I want to go too! yes? can i go i won't hear anything I mean, I'm going to die of hunger."

'This is why he's a sucker.' Curtis said.

"Take it. In real life, fraudulent

He's a 27-year-old criminal, but he's a reliable friend."

There was a contradiction in his words, but there must have been a reason why he insisted on dragging them along.

"like. Let's listen."

As soon as she settled down in the restaurant, Pena opened the menu and ordered various dishes.

"Finally, a beer, please. Oh, and the lunch bread is free, right?" It was distasteful to the people living there, but I still didn't choose the expensive food.

"Are you okay with this? I'm going to pack the rest."

"Yes."

I didn't feel bad after winning 100 million points, so I was able to buy enough to eat.

Curtis asked again.

"How many laps did you do around the track?"

"Seven turns."

"It is very fast. On top of that, if I continued to take the honorable evil route, would it be about 50 million points?"

Curtis couldn't imagine the efficiency of Shirone's party.

"what... ...

"great. Not denying it means that it is at least around 50 million. Then there is a possibility." Pena held out her hand.

"for a moment. you are eating Can I listen?"

"doesn't care. It's not like I know what to do Besides, the number of people is also important."

Curtis asked for a cigarette.

"Either collect 10 billion, or get lucky. These are the two classic routes to Melkidu. But there is a hidden way. I'm bankrupt."

Eden frowned.

"But when the points reach 0, you get chased by the guards. You will end up in prison."

"That's the point. If you've served your sentence in prison, you start over at the starting point. By the way, there is one way not to go to the starting point."

Shirone realized.

"It's a purchase."

It was also a crime.

"yes. jailbreak me I will become a criminal again in this place where all crimes are innocent."

"When you become a criminal, what happens?"

Curtis looked out the window and breathed smoke from his cigarette.

"The back door won't open."

Shaking the law (1)

Shirone pondered over Curtis' words.

"It's some kind of system disruption."

"yes. Some criminals hated Melkidu. A crime is worthwhile when it is a crime. If they're innocent no matter what they do, psychopaths get tired of it quickly."

Curtis quit smoking.

"Then, how can I present myself here? You're attacking the system. They went to jail and figured out a way to escape. Since Melkidu boasts a long history, everything that can be done must have been applied. Then I discovered the mission hidden in the system."

"To bribe the guard."

"yes. The method was surprisingly simple. In a certain section of the inner track there is a back door, a shop run by the dark side. Although it is not revealed on the surface. If you pay something through that route, you can buy out the expenses."

Shirone and the others were lost in thought.

"I don't know why this method exists. It could be a system error, or it could be some intention of the original designer. i think it's the latter If you put up a sign that says it's a murderer's haven, you'll have a good idea of ??the murderer's attributes. You must know that there are people who would do this."

said Pena.

"I don't know if I can intervene... ... If I bribe the guard, can I go to the core?"

"I don't know until then. I don't even know if you can get to the core if you buy the key with 10 billion points. If someone knew about it, it wouldn't be an unsolved case."

'Is the record expunged?'

While Shirone was lost in thought, Curtis continued.

"Once you have a connection with the dark organization, most systems can be ignored. Then there is no need to follow the rules of Melkidoo and go to the core. How is it, don't you think there's a chance?"

I couldn't deny it.

"Do I really have to go bankrupt?"

"The information I got at the end of the tracking is this. In order for the buyout program to work, you must get the prisoner out. Minimum of 50 million points required. Also, on the inner track, a dark organization that has ties to the guards is doing business. And my point is you don't have to worry. Anyway I... ... Curtis sighed.

"Because I'm almost bankrupt."

Pena looked back at him and blinked.

"really? You've been pretty good."

"How do you think you got this advanced information? It's already been 2 years here time. Still, 10 billion points is a long way off. Then, I came across a trivial piece of information, and the detective's intuition said, "This is it." I've been digging since then."

"It's a hard way to try." Iruki said.

"Most of them are criminals. It takes two people or two teams to make a purchase, but it's not easy to build trust. Besides, a structure in which one side has to go bankrupt."

Nade added.

"The difficulty of the mission is also different. You're competing against the system, not against the non-players created by the system. Besides, if you don't get to the entrance of the inner track, you have to go around the outer track for at least half a lap. It's a great time."

Curtis agreed.

"So I came to you. I listened to your stories while collecting information. The mission clearing speed was amazing. You guys should be able to solve the internal mission."

"What can I do?" Pena asked.

"Isn't there a reason you called me?" When I hurriedly ordered her food, I thought she really had no idea.

"Well, if I go bankrupt, I'll go to jail. From there, you will go through a trial and move the place again. The size of the prison varies depending on how big the crimes I've committed so far. Track me down and tell these guys."

"In a word, it's a contact book."

"yes. In the meantime, you guys solve the missions on the inside track. Oh, and if you have points left, it's good to strengthen your dice. Dice will be more important than points when dealing with the dark organization."

"You mean we can fight?"

"Oh, you guys have never been to an inside track, have you? Points are king on the outer track, but dice are king on the inner track. And the dark organization is on the inside track. There is nothing wrong with preparing in advance."

"I know. So where do we go now? Attacks between users are prohibited here."

"Melkidoo is a space for fugitives. It is impossible to track the target with any item. You just have to rely on the odds of the dice. However, as an exception, you can go to a space without a mission with a designated item."

Curtis pulled out a card.

"Movement item, entering the royal road. I'll take you to Parme, the capital of Melkidu. The largest and busiest city. There is an active market where users trade items or items that are no longer needed."

"There must be a lot of people."

"yes. To be honest, those who have given up on entering the core do business here. With crime points, you can commit any crime you want."

Iruki asked.

"Are there any items that come to Vital?" "Sure. Could it be that he waited for you guys with a miraculous probability? A moving item, the original intent of murder. I don't have it now because I've used it, but it's an item that's as expensive as entering the royal road. The question is, how do I meet you guys... ...

"Once in four."

Shirone also disclosed the necessary information.

"When I roll the dice, I can control the numbers. It means you can go to any place you want."

Curtis and Pena were dazed.

"... ... What are you talking about?"

It seemed that there was no need for a lengthy explanation.

"It is such an ability. It's free when you get rewards from the gambling hall, but you have to spend crime points to move."

"Hmm, it's magic. Roughly how many points does it cost to spend once?"

"30 thousand."

"what?"

Pena's eyes widened.

"Nonsense! Are you going to blow up the whole village? The biggest point I've heard is 100,000."

"Uh, that... ... It's a bit difficult magic. Anyway, that's not what's important."

She corrected her expression when she was exposed to her emotions for the first time.

"Hmmmm, not like that. but... ... It's not like I haven't seen magic like that at all."

Her voice was trembling.

On the other hand, Curtis was also surprised, but rather overwhelmed by the efficiency of his abilities.

'Melkidoo is all about dice. No item can manipulate the number of dice.'

Therefore, it is destructive to the system.

"decided."

Curtis said.

"The time will be drastically reduced. You don't have to follow us. Once on the inner track, reinforce the dice. You guys should be able to go around 468 squares of the outer track at once. If you use an item."

This is because you can hit the maximum number of dice and double is applied.

Curtis looked at Pena.

"In the meantime, you and I are going to Parme. When I'm escorted there, track it down with Dice. You are looking for a buyer for the prison. Then meet these guys."

"But where should we meet? I only have one copy of Entering the King's Road. If you leave, it's over."

"It doesn't matter where you can connect. I'd rather settle here for the vitals."

"huh! I've never bought anything like an intention to kill. I'm here to die. For some reason, I thought I was lucky, so I put my hopes on gambling, but I didn't want to think about it.

"Aren't there other movement cards though? Didn't a thoroughgoing kid like you prepare to run away?"

"There is, but... ...

She took out the card and cried.

"I mean this. Loss of motivation." I don't know the contents, but the picture of people screaming in the background like a gutter told me.

"I'll be thrilled."

Curtis explained.

"Loss of motivation is a landfill. Mel Kidoo's most underdeveloped... ... No, it's just a landfill."

"okay."

"There are no advantages other than being able to run away in an emergency. Of course, that's a huge advantage, but the problem is that you can't get away with it voluntarily. You have to roll the dice once a day and stay there until you get a double."

added Pena.

"Do you know why it is a landfill? Because the people who live here are trash. Even if it's just one day, I'll go crazy. When you guys come, you might see me at the dining room table."

Iruki asked.

"Then why did you buy that item?"

"Because it's cheap." "Is Crime Point crying? For the price of one murderous intent, you can buy three copies of loss of motivation!"

Curtis said.

"Putting aside the unsolvable problems, let's check each other's movements.

First of all, the location of the royal capital... ...

With new information written on the map of Shirone and the others, the identification of the route was completed.

Pena was sullen.

"Ehh."

"Don't be so. i have to go to prison A landfill is rather a paradise."

"Yes, yes, I will definitely put a chastity belt on you." Shirone said.

"Pena, if you need anything, let me know. I'll get it from the store. We have to work together now."

"Whoa, why are all the guys Curtis and I know like this? Do you know what I hate the most? It's my sincere sympathy. I can get some equipment

Say."

It was quite surprising.

"By the way, Mr. Pena, how did you get into Melkidu? It must be that it only responds to the strongest yin energy, but what the heck is the pre-buying section... ...

"Scam! Thousands of words. If there's one sin I have, maybe it's my god-given beauty?"

Seeing Shirone and the others' bewildered expressions, she corrected her expression and rested her chin on the table.

"I just loved you. Talk to me because I'm talking to you, and get it because I buy you something good. Well, it was good back then. Even a woman like me can receive this kind of love. That's when I found out... ...

she laughed bashfully.

"All the men who treat me so well are either married or already have owners."

I guessed roughly.

"My wife came to visit me, pulled my hair out, threatened me, and in the end, I fell in love. Among the many items, be sure to buy it. If I become a con artist, I think all the love I shared with that person will be a lie."

Pena lifted her chin and said.

"I didn't even appeal. There was no money for that, and the sentence in this case is not very long. Honestly, the most terrifying thing was the men's sudden change of attitude rather than going to prison. Was he such a cold person?"

Curtis was speechless.

"Then it got really bad. It must have been a very tall man. They complained and tried to kill me. I came here because I ran away from people with swords like that."

Pena took the food.

"Still, I like Melkidoo. There is no need to feel betrayed because we doubt each other, and since they are all bad guys anyway, I feel like a normal person here too. Hi-Hi!" This was all Shirone could say.

"I'll be there as soon as possible."

"yes. We have to get out of Melkidu. don't worry too much Even if you look like this, you are good at dealing with people."

After leaving the restaurant, they faced each other at the entrance of Vital, which was deserted.

Curtis pulled out a card.

"You must have at least 50 million points left. The detailed schedule will be communicated through Pena."

After the two of them left, Shirone spoke.

"Let us also depart. First, go inside the track and strengthen the dice."

"great. I earned like a dog, so let's spend like a dog. Then is it my turn this time?"

Nade, who was rolling the crime dice in his hand, threw it vigorously into the air.

It was 4 and 4, a double.

"Oh yea! did you see I'm sorry... ... !" Their bodies moved at the speed of light.

Shaking the law (2)

Jive Capital Hospital.

Organized gangster Travis was able to easily break through the boundaries that should have been strictly enforced.

'Even if it's lunchtime, it's empty like this.'

It was two hours ago that he contacted Geese's aide, Myron.

Handing over a large sum of money, what he ordered was to silence a journalist named Mayle.

was

said Myron.

"You know what that means. Don't just write an article. Do not choose any means."

Another shudder ran down Travis' spine as he felt the weight of the briefcase.

"Is that enough?"

It was easier than expected.

"That's it. I've done all the preparations and follow-up, so you go in and do your thing. However, I hope there are no deaths if possible. You are an expert. Once this job is done, you won't have to do anything thuggish in the future."

The dream of a dramatic rise in status that seemed like it would never come in my lifetime was coming true.

"Please leave it to me. I will risk my life to do it."

Travis entered the front door proudly.

"Okay, let's try."

Once inside the hospital, the guards inside did not stop him.

'It's because this is where the aristocrats are treated.'

When his son broke a bone while playing, he remembered running through town carrying a crying child on his back.

'Room 607.'

I heard that it was a VIP area, but there were no bodyguards in sight.

"haha."

Thrilled by Myron's power, Travis opened the door and entered.

"Who, who are you?"

The large ward had three beds and one patient, Maykel and his wife.

"Are you Maycl?"

The wife pressed the call button, but the emergency bell did not ring because the wire was cut.

Maykel interrupted.

"I asked who you are. What are you doing? How did you get in here'?"

"I don't know, do you have an article you want to write today? Give me that. Then go away quietly."

As Travis was about to go to the typewriter, Macle punched him.

"Something like a robber!"

Travis's jaw went round, but this too was likely to fuel his anger.

"Get off now! Do you know who I am?" As he finished speaking, Travis thrust his fist into Maycle's stomach.

"Ugh!"

As soon as I sat down, my wife came running.

"honey!"

"Oh, don't come!"

Dried his wife, he begged.

"Why are you doing this? you're making a mistake If you do this, you... ... Kuck!"

Travis kicked his face and checked the child sleeping in the bed.

'It was something like that.'

I'm going to cover myself with shit.

"Hey, journalist. I'm a guy with no back There is nothing good about being entangled with someone like me."

Meikle thought while lying on his stomach.

'Why isn't anyone coming? Could it be that Mr. Raymond has a weakness? No way... ...

The Raymond he knew was a true politician, a man who was meticulous in his personal affairs.

"You keep coming out with a full stomach, right? Then I have no choice but to act."

Mayle fell down.

"Don't touch my son. I have a bad heart. He is a poor child who has been hospitalized all his life."

Power entered Travis' nostrils.

'I'll be sick.'

He also has children.

"Then don't write articles. Then your son will live and nothing will happen to you, right?"

"Listen. This is not an isolated problem. The future of the kingdom is at stake."

kingdom's future?

"Is that so?"

I don't know what the future of the kingdom is, but no, I wouldn't live like this if I knew that.

"It really annoys me."

Is there a thug like me in the kingdom's future?

"Do you know people as fools?"

Travis, who knocked down all the equipment in the hospital, grabbed the child by the collar and shook it.

The weight of the child, which was much lighter than expected, made Travis feel like his heart was burning.

the wife ran

"no! No!"

"Move!"

The moment I pushed her with my arms, the child caught by the collar tumbled under the bed.

In an instant, the ward became a mess, and Travis' head was extremely disturbed.

"When I speak, listen! speak! listen!"

Every time I step on an unconscious child, my jaw trembles and my body loses all strength.

"Huh!"

Let's do it.

'I can hold on. Just close your eyes for 10 minutes, no, 5 minutes. Then my family lives.'

Feeling his heart weaken, he let go of the last remaining string of reason.

"die! I mean die!"

money.

"Do you think I will give up? I'm a thug! Human garbage!"

that fucking money.

'Give me!'

The outline of his face collapsed, and he kicked the child in the stomach screaming like an idiot.

"Give me the money!"

The wife screamed, and Meikle grabbed Travis' legs with his trumpet gear.

"I'll do it! I will destroy everything, so please stop! I will do anything, please!"

"Sigh! Sigh!"

When Travis stopped, Mackle threw the papers from the typewriter into the trash and set fire to it.

"All right? It's over now. Please go. Doctor, call a doctor! please!"

Travis didn't want to open his mouth.

"One, one, one more time... ...

As expected, my voice was shaking so much that I felt I shouldn't speak any more.

After swearing, he strode down the hallway of the hospital with bloodshot eyes.

My whole body convulsed.

'It will be fine. I didn't hit him to death. I told them not to let the dead appear.'

The truth was scary.

"Huh!"

Upon entering the city, he exploded all the emotions he had endured so far.

"Huh! Whoa!"

I didn't even dare to hide my tears.

'What is this, damn it! What is this! Let me live too! Is this where people live?'

It didn't take long for people to pay attention, but there was a popping sound from the block on the other side.

As smoke rose following the screams, Travis stood still.

"Overthrow Jive!"

A group of chicken heads were attacking citizens through the smoke.

"uh? uh?"

Maybe it doesn't matter, but when he felt the horror and tried to turn around.

"Gagging!"

A long sword pierced his heart from behind.

"I got it, I got it!"

A group of chicken heads gathered around Travis, who collapsed on the floor vomiting blood.

"No, no... ...

Travis' hand stretched out toward the house, and countless swords pierced his body.

"Hahaha! die! die!"

What was the last emotion he felt while being lynched by an unknown terrorist?

'I'm sorry, honey... ... my son... ... It was helplessness against the world.

The bombing incident in the capital reached Delta Headquarters through breaking news.

Fermi read the papers as he walked down the aisle.

- Investigating the route of bringing in explosives. Judging by his appearance, he is presumed to be of the same type as the Delta Headquarters terrorist. The state of being addicted to drugs. Unable to verify identity.

'Drug soldier. If the brain's memory elements are damaged... ...

A kingdom was specified.

"Iron."

Fermi, who controlled the southern continent through drugs, was the only country that could not reach out.

'Manufacturing drugs under the direction of the royal family, and developing soldiers with them. Indiscriminate terror must also be a major means for them to strengthen their royal power... ...

"Fermi."

When I raised my head at the familiar voice, Seriel stood there.

Geese's aide, Myron, entered the Iron Sector to avoid people's eyes.

'The big hurdle has passed.'

Upon entering the secret room, there was Basak, King of Iron, and Phaedra, Prime Minister of Arachne.

"Hey, Myron. congratulations Was it tidy?"

"It's all thanks to the King."

Eliminating Travis as Iron's terrorist was the surest way.

Phaedra chuckled.

"I don't care that a single thug is killed in the terror of the extremists who rebelled against the democratic monarchy. That's what people like the most, right?"

So, has evil been defeated?

"Tomorrow the jive scandal will be over. Hey Myron. What are you doing? Come and sit down."

"Ah yes."

Phaedra laughed.

"What is it, are you keeping it? I said I sucked some up at Jive, huh? Do you feel betrayed?"

"It can't be."

Myron's eyes narrowed.

'What is the feeling of betrayal?'

In the first place, I don't believe in the seed called human, so what is there to feel betrayed?

Basak asked.

"Where is Geese? She said that her daughter-in-law was also dead. I was going to buy you a glass of consolation."

"Oh, I have a lunch appointment."

"Hehehe, is this four months a woman too? Anyway, it's a beast, a beast. This is why I like Gis. The distribution is huge."

said Myron.

"Rather than that, the press conference that will be a little later is the key. For Jive, it's not over yet."

Phaedra laughed.

"Hey, loyalist. What are you so worried about? I wonder if Mr. Gis will take care of himself."

"But... ...

"Because it's okay. Citizens hate thugs, murderers, and rapists, but we don't. Rather, they love us. Do you know why?"

Myron shook his head.

"No matter how much they deny it, they have a deep desire to be like us."

"Human beings, you can't 100 percent blame someone for wanting to be themselves. You're blocking it unconsciously. Just in case, he could be himself at least once in a while. No, even if it doesn't happen, he imagines that."

Phaedra spread her arms.

"After all, we are the embodiment of human desire. Shall we say that we live inside everyone?"

"You mean everything is the same?"

"no."

Phaedra grinned.

"We are their justice."

Myron was silent.

"Miss Geese will be fine. I'm a little annoyed, but nothing will happen."

'Are you serious?'

Phaedra winked and pointed at Myron.

"Trust me. There will never be a situation where you lose your power."

The moment he was relieved by his words, Myron realized that there was no lie in Phaedra's words.

'I am also human.'

Because it is a monster of self-justification.

Geese and Fleur have lunch appointments.

Having just learned of her daughter's death, Flew's words and attitude were also cautious.

"first... ... I'm sorry it turned out this way."

Geese raised his head as if wondering, then realized it and put on a sad expression.

"Ah, that's what you mean."

Tears flowed from his eyes.

The grief of losing a child must be greater than anything else, so this time, even Flew's heart softened.

"cheer up. Taking a break for a while... ...

Geese raised his head.

"It's fine."

Flew, who saw his calm expression, unlike a moment ago, felt terrified.

"Whoops, why? Is it strange?"

"Ah, that... ...

"Of course it is sad to lose your daughter. Even now, her heart feels like it's going to break. But what do you gain by following your feelings? I couldn't even come this far with that weak mental state."

He ate the steak.

"Be a little more honest. Aren't you expecting something from me too? that i can give Oh yeah. how about having my baby? I just lost my daughter too."

'It's a monster.'

I realized why Gaold, who was the head of the Magic Association, had no dealings with politicians.

"Then, how is the position of Jive's Magic Association president?"

"The head of the Magic Association. nice I like you because you are so clear. How are you tonight? Is the time okay?"

"Sure."

Flew smiled.

'Yes, Geese. I'll give you my body, my mind, everything. But this time I'll have to be prepared.'

After the assassination game, Tormia's strategy also changed.

'Today, you die in my arms.'

Shaking the law (3)

Shirone and the others have arrived at the sun.

The distance was still far, but it was no longer possible to approach the attack of Prominence and Corona.

Ashur said.

"Nothing can withstand solar energy. Only the cerebral body can be unharmed."

The solar wind rocked the space sailboat.

"Ikael-sama won't have anything to do with it, and Amy-san can handle fire ideas, so it should be fine. However, Shirone-sama all looked back at Shirone.

"The system will crash. Of course, half of the world is adopted, but the sun, which we have to endure now, is a concept with the strongest power as a law."

said Amy.

"Are you okay? If you don't think you can hold on, there is a way for me and Ikael to go. As for simultaneous events, if one goes wrong, the whole becomes dangerous."

Shirone looked at the sun.

'Can I do it?'

Even when the transmittance of light was reduced to zero, all I could see outside the window was white light.

"It's fine. I will do my best to endure it."

"Then, I will get rid of the sailboat now. As it dissipates, it will be exposed to tremendous energy."

The group swallowed their saliva.

"please... ... May you be safe."

As the space sailboat split into panels and disappeared, the sun hit them at the speed of light.

"Ugh... ... !"

Amy's body burned, and even Ikael found it difficult to maintain his own existence.

In front of the huge sign of the sun, no concept can be carried through.

Shirone gritted his teeth.

'Yes, it's the law.'

The Miracle Stream began to push the sun's energy out while wrapping around the body.

In this way, the space that Shirone secured was at most a sphere with a diameter of 7 meters.

"Whoa."

Amy, who transformed into a fiery idea, and Ikael, whose body melted, turned around.

"You did it."

It is 7 meters in radius in the entire universe, but Ikael was thrilled by the fact that humans could survive.

The solar wind struck again.

"It must be Satiel. Because the laws of this world change from the core of the sun."

Amy asked.

"Even if you change something in the core, it will take time to come up to the surface."

"Time is not important. When something happens, the outcome is already predetermined. It is a human illusion to think that causality is experienced in sequence."

Syrone added.

"The moment the cause changes, the effect has already changed. That's why Omega's record is in thousandths. You can't calculate a percentage without an end. The ancient Gaians, no, must have known the last thing called Anke."

Amy was bitter.

"Isn't it Omega 999 now?"

"yes. Probably 99.9%, close to 100%. It is just before entering the outside world."

It's not long.

"That's how it ended. Human life and this universe, the moment you open the outside world... ...

"It's just the judgment of the law."

Shirone said.

"It's just the calculation of a program. It is only humans who decide this world."

God won't admit it.

Ikael also believes in his heart through Guffin, but as a creature of God, a conflict arose.

'The human mind may also be a program. It's something no one knows yet.'

Until you go to the outside world.

'Anyway, mankind has come this far after all. Indeed, to the threshold of the outside world.'

Appearance of Yahweh.

Even if you looked at the infinite number of multiverses, it would have been an extremely rare event.

Shirone glared at the sun.

'The universe really had to spend a lot of time to get here. But if you see this place from the outside world, where imaginary time flows... ...

All of these incidents are just fleeting errors. Therefore, God is the tens of thousands Shirone has reached.

We have just discovered the billion-year journey.

'Something like Yahweh, you'd think it was just an error. It's one of the many worlds that have been destroyed so far.'

Is it really so?

Mackline Guffin, the only signal sent from outside the photon system by a god with a mind.

'Hexa.'

It will pierce people, their hearts.

Through Elicia's light, the temple realizes that Habits killed Sumodo.

That is, a grace period of 1 hour.

In the meantime, officials from around the world confirmed the death of Kitra, King of Paras.

Mito Cyrano of the International Court of Justice opened the coffin from Paras side while notarized.

"Please check for yourself."

Kitra calmly closed her eyes, and the venomous snake wrapped around her neck flicked her tongue.

"What, what is this snake?"

"It was the king's favorite animal during his lifetime. We are going to burial according to national law."

He had no intention of interfering with the customs of other countries, but the problem was that he could not touch the dead body.

'Am I really dead?'

Once I saw it with my own eyes, my face was pale and there was no sign of movement in my lungs.

Cyrano approached.

"I will check. I have to do it in the air anyway."

As she held out her hand without hesitation, the venomous snake bit the back of her hand with its fangs.

"Hey!"

The officials backed away, but Cyrano pointed at the carotid artery without a change in expression.

'My heart isn't beating.'

The snake bit the back of my hand several times.

Kiik! Kiik!

True to her nickname, the swamp witch, the viper's venom did no harm to her.

She licked the back of her hand with her tongue and announced

"Death confirmed. When in doubt, do it yourself. Stop talking about it later."

"Hmmmm."

When no one came forward, the official from Paras closed the coffin lid and said,

"The acting authority will be decided soon. You will receive the right to vote at that time, please handle it."

"I see. You'd better do it as soon as possible. They said there was an emergency meeting at the temple in an hour."

It was because of Harvitz.

"All right. I'm afraid it won't be long

is."

As the workers returned to the sector carrying the coffin, Cyrano looked at him with embarrassment.

'Did you die from being beaten to the flesh?'

Excluding the aged King of Kessia, neither Vulcan nor Jinkang were shocked enough to die instantly.

'Well, because I confirmed it.'

At least officially, Kitra is dead.

Casey Sector.

Fermi, who brought Seriel to his room, held out an organized file.

"Now, the angel recipe."

Silently accepting it, Seriel turned over the documents and pretended to check the contents.

'I didn't come here because of this.'

Fermi's expression he saw in the morning, and the king's death that he heard belatedly.

" It's fine?"

When Seriel looked up again, Fermi was sitting helplessly in her chair.

"what?"

"There is so much going on. People die in just a few hours, and terrorism happens."

"Ah, terror."

I thought there.

"I have no idea what is going on. It's just confusing."

"Don't make it complicated." said Fermi.

"There is only one reason why humans move. craving. Some money, some power, some pleasure."

"What about mankind?"

Seriel asked.

"A world turning into hell? How many people are suffering in it?"

"In the first place... ... We weren't born to think like that, we. just live When you give meaning to humans, nothing is predictable."

"it's not like that. A lot of people are still angry. Demonstration in front of the temple... ...

"of course. Because that's what politicians want."

"what?"

"Basic strategy of money circulation. There are two cases in which people spend money profusely. First, having a lot of money. Second, the lid is opened because you get angry." "Politicians are not the main agents of the economy. They suck money by parasitizing on companies. But companies have to raise money from the people. So what should politicians do? You have to piss people off as much as possible."

Fermi tapped her under the uvula.

"It just makes life hard until you're just about to run out of breath. If you cross the line, it's a riot, but if you don't cross the line, it's far more effective than freeing funds. Because if the overall quality of life deteriorates, useless consumption increases."

Seeing Seriel's sad expression, a sigh came out.

"Never mind. you just have to do what you have to do Make medicine, save patients. Don't get entangled with politicians anyway. As long as you think humans are special, you can't beat those beasts."

"you?"

Seriel asked.

"Do you think there is nothing special about humans? Animals that move according to their desires, is that all?"

'The old man.'

Being competent means being able to persevere and endure until you get the results you want.

Fermi was silent.

On the other hand, Seriel, who thought she had already heard the answer, returned with a disappointed expression.

"I'll go. take care."

Perhaps he has come to comfort you.

Fermi, who had been watching her back, impulsively stood up from her chair.

"wait for a sec."

As I hugged her from behind, Seriel's shoulders flinched.

"What, what?"

"just... ... Wait a minute and go."

Of course, I followed with the intention of comforting Fermi, but I wasn't prepared to go this far.

"do not be like this."

Seriel clenched her fist and said.

"Once is a mistake, but twice is irreversible. you're a smart guy It will ruin everything."

"... ... You can always be stupid, but you can't always be smart. You know, but I feel like an idiot right now."

Just like back in school days.

"I do not like it. I don't feel like it, and I don't think I can handle you. let me go."

"Then go. you can go Just loosen my hands and leave this room. You are smart, too."

Seriel bit her lip.

A tremendous mental conflict raged like a storm, but in the end she lowered her head.

'Now I don't know.'

When Seriel turned around and kissed her, Fermi grabbed her and collapsed to the floor.

The clothes were simple, but the faces of the two people lying side by side were flushed.

Seriel took a breath and said.

"crazy... ... bloke."

"Was it that good?"

Raising her upper body, she glared at Fermi.

"This is not the time to joke! Do you think we are still old enough to make mistakes? This kind of play with fire... ... !"

"It's not playing with fire."

said Fermi.

"No. Now as well as then."

Sensing sincerity, Seriel relaxed her expression and asked.

"Tell me, then. What are you thinking? What do you want?" "Can you tell me too? I'll help. I will never betray you."

"I... ...

The moment he opened his mouth with hot emotions, a terrifying reality penetrated Fermi's mind.

'no.'

You lose control of the situation.

"Time to go."

Seriel got up from her seat and touched her clothes.

"That doesn't mean I gave up, so let's meet. I will make sure to tell you."

'yes. You are such a woman.'

A person who respects the feelings of others as much as their own.

Humans aren't just animals chasing desires, Fermi thought.

"Ceriel."

Fermi said as she turned.

"The reason I dropped Amy in the graduation exam was because you weren't up to her level."

"huh."

Seriel, who raised her middle finger at Fermi, smiled softly and left the room.

In the space left alone again, Fermi looked up at the ceiling and was lost in thought.

'Mother.'

Yoga had the widest field of view.

'How did you hold on? How did you endure seeing a place that others can't see?'

A road no one knows about.

"Let's do it."

Fermi's eyes lit up as he jumped up.

"Because he is the son of Yolgah."

Shaking the law (4)

The coffin of Kitra, which was moved to the secret room where the 12th palace of the zodiac resides, opened with a rattle.

" Majesty."

Kitra raised his upper body.

O

The reason why the heart doesn't beat is because they are already Oparts with the laws of things.

"The time has come."

The endless waves of time have changed the laws of the pyramids built all over the world.

huge adjustment.

Why did it take longer than expected to change the concept engraved inside the pyramid?

'Satiel and Rayel.'

This is because the two archangels hold to the existing law in the sun's core.

'Every concept is derived from the eight archangels. Therefore, the power is 2/8 of the whole. That is, 1/4.'

It was not negligible, but it was not enough to prevent the cosmic change of the Grand Court.

"The time has come."

As Kitra's eyes lit up, the giant controller rotated and cracked the outer shell.

Light radiated between them, and a dark sphere engulfed the outer shell and was born.

"Ugh, ugh!"

All the objects in the secret room were sucked in, and members of the 12 palaces of the zodiac were no exception.

Rumble, rumble.

Hearing gravitational waves that humans cannot hear, Kitra stared at the black sphere.

'There is nothing in there.' Paradoxically, it contains all the possibilities of the world.

"God, come."

Kitra stood up from the altar and spread his arms.

"Final adjustments."

The inscriptions inside the pyramids erected all over the world emitted blue light.

As the flow of light, which had been speeding like waves, gradually accelerated, a strange phenomenon occurred.

A huge electromagnetic field with a diameter of more than 80 kilometers formed around the pyramid.

"yes? what?"

The husband, who was drinking tea in an ordinary home, felt a weak electric current.

"Suddenly, chicken meat... ...

At that moment, he realized that the scenery inside the house overlapped with other scenery.

A mansion, a shabby single room, an open bar, and even a coffin buried in a grave.

'What harmony is this?'

For a while, he felt the correlation between himself and the scenery.

'According to my heart...

Everything in the world was changing.

"Honey, what are you doing?"

The woman walking in the scenery of the mansion could not find any difference from reality.

No, to be precise, I wondered if the reality he lived in was not an illusion.

"You, you... ...

The husband remembered the woman.

It was the first unrequited love he had ever had in his life.

"What's wrong with your expression? Have you ever had a dirty thought? Licking!"

The way he held his belly button and smiled was the same as when he was young, but he couldn't understand why.

'What happened?'

At that moment, the law was twisted transcending time and space, and the logic of cause and effect was reconstructed.

'Oh right.'

When we met 10 years later at the reunion, we confessed and we got married.

'that's right. I did.'

All the memories permeated into my brain as if I had really lived back in the past.

'What the hell is real?'

However, the real wife also remains as an afterimage.

'Like a probability.'

A stranger to mathematics, it was a word that accurately defined how he felt.

'The real wife is 60%, and the current wife is about 40% realistic... ...

are overlapping

"Honey, let's go shopping. You know the clothes you said you wanted to buy before? I'll buy it for you."

As the real wife faded even more, the man instinctively shook his head.

'no. I like my current wife better.' no, more than that.

A sudden thought came to my mind, and the scenery began to overlap again.

'The woman I really loved was a work colleague I met at the age of twenty-six, I pictured her beautiful image in my mind.

'Why? Why not?'

Numerous landscapes are overlapping, but the incident with her is not recognized.

'Did you hate me that much?'

Even if he wanted it, if the other person didn't want it, there was no future.

'I really liked it.'

She had married a co-worker who was much more capable and well-off than she was.

'If only I had power and money.' At the same time, I felt confident that I had become a successful businessman by overcoming fierce competition from a young age.

'I can meet her.'

She coldly bowed her head in the event that unfolds probabilistically through her five senses.

"Boss, it's meeting time."

The man is disappointed.

'Are you just a secretary? Even though I tried so hard.'

If he couldn't win her love by any means, there was only one way left.

'It will be fine. Yeah, I can change it again anyway, right?'

The man used his boss's authority to kiss her, and after a while he felt a dull shock.

The shamed woman hit the man with a metal trophy on the table.

"Kyaaak!"

The bleeding man collapsed and looked at the landscape in a receding consciousness.

Events disappeared and there was only darkness.

'I'm going to die.'

What he overlooked was the illusion that this phenomenon only happened to him.

"Sal, save me, honey." When I called out to her wife, who now had only 1 percent of her left, she smiled and turned around.

A man other than himself came up to her and hugged her and kissed her tenderly.

"Black. Whoops."

When the probability of his death exceeded 99 percent, the memory of his children disappeared from his head.

'no. Why all of a sudden... ... ?'

They try to recall their original family, but they have already left to find their own desires.

'Let's live. I can't just die.'

Then, as the darkness dissipated, several options entered his cognition again.

Of course, the beautiful scenery he had experienced so far was never seen again.

"Save people!"

At the same time as he shouted, he jumped up from the shabby house in the slum.

"Huh! Huh!"

Since everyone chose their lives according to their own desires, they have no place to return to.

'Still, I lived.'

Looking around, the scenery was still covered in a colorful haze.

'haha. Heck.' Then I can't lose either.

With just a few overlaps, his humanity was completely different from the first.

"It's fine. you can change it again If I put my mind to it, this beggarly reality will become heaven."

The law was agitated.

Realizing that he couldn't read the wizard's mind, Havitz opened his mouth.

"tie."

It's just a matter of playing the game.

"A good start. Is it your turn to propose first? Listen to it."

The Wizard was faithful to its purpose.

'It worked.'

The key to the game Zetaro suggested depended on how much Havits enjoyed it.

'If kisses work... ...

This situation of never knowing the truth will drive Satan to death.

"I am... ...

Wizard said.

"I will love you today."

"And I will hate you today. Standard of the day is until midnight. This is my mandate."

One of the two must be true.

"Didn't I say that the rules of the game must be accompanied by actions or evidence that can prove the fact?"

"Yes. If it is true that I love you, kiss me again."

"What if you hate it?"

"I will break a finger."

A finger is not a matter directly related to life, but Havitz realized.

'I might die.' Under the premise that it is a game, the wizard can recognize Havitz's vanishing.

Conversely, Havitz cannot capture the Wizard's first shot, that is, the missing 1 frame.

'Requires at least 2 frames. But that means not even being able to access it.'

It was not an easy task against the awakened Wizard.

'In the end, one of the two will be proven. Kiss me or break my finger.'

The warm touch of the wizard that had touched her lips was still there.

"I approve."

Wizard's eyes were cold.

'Also, you... ...

You don't know how brutal this game is.

"Then it is my turn. i kill Shirone Also kills Uorin. Until the midnight you suggested."

The time period was set long because the assassination game had to be performed at the same time, but it was super strong.

Wizard thought.

'My heart was caught only once before yesterday. I never thought the leak of information would come back like this.'

If Havitsu aimed at Shirone, Wizard would have no choice but to hate Havitz.

'A proposition to set the standard for common sense judgment. It means I'm desperate to know my truth.'

Harvits, Satan.

'It's pure enough to make me laugh out loud.'

A variable called Shirone was created, but so far it was as expected by Vulcan.

"Okay, I approve."

"Then it's decided. We'll have to prove the truth to each other by midnight. If you lose... ...

Harvits grinned.

"You can expect what I will do."

"Havitz."

The Wizard strode forward and said.

"i love you."

At the same time as Habitz put on a puzzled expression, she twisted her back a lot.

'This is the beginning.'

Gritting my teeth and hitting his side with all my might, Havitz's eyes widened.

"Gagging?????

Since the power of magic was added, a terrible shock was transmitted to Satan's body.

'A kiss, a finger... ...

Just a bait to drive Satan into this place.

"Havitz."

As Havitz, who was kneeling, slowly raised his head, the wizard smiled and said,

"Love you."

Life flashed in her eyes, and a small fist struck Harvits in the jaw.

"Cheak!"

Sliding on the floor with his head turned, he looked over his shoulder at the Wizard.

The Wizard has arrived.

'Yes, you will never be able to read me.'

Except for kissing and fingering, you're free to do anything during the game, but... ... .

'You've already been eaten by the system.'

Vulcan said:

"The existence outside the law, Shi-ok, is also annoying, but Satan's greatest weapon is vanishing. If you just tie it up, you can never become invincible. Of course, it is valid in the existence of you, Wizard."

"What if it doesn't work?"

"It will work."

The corner of the Vulcan's mouth went up.

"Satan. its pure chaos. Humanity did not know how to deal with the concept that appeared in reality. But now it's different. It took a lot of sacrifices to get to know Havitz."

even though it failed.

"The Abella that Havitz loved. Jaysteen, who hated Havitz. An assassination attempt during World War II. All of that information defines Havitz." It was not a meaningless sacrifice.

"Humans are a species that makes more failures than any other creature. But the failures pile up and pile up, and you finally solve the problem. That's gold. so... ...

Balkan said.

"How about trying this?"

Harvits coughed up blood.

"Cool!"

Even as the Wizard approached, his vanishing was ineffective.

It's a game anyway.

"Why?"

Havitz, who stood up against the wall, looked back at the Wizard with a puzzled expression.

"well. that's... ...

The Wizard smiled kindly.

"You have to find out for yourself. Because that's what it is." Harvits, breathing heavily through her nose, limped away into the hallway opposite her.

"Why are you running away? You like me."

"Shiok."

Twelve shadows formed on the floor, and in an instant, Havitz disappeared.

'Was it too strong?'

No, he will definitely come back to himself.

"Where have you been?"

In a situation where any murderous intent was a joke, the wizard hypnotized himself.

"Play with me, Harvits."

Meaning of incident (1)

Strange phenomena that occurred around the pyramids scattered all over the world were reported to the temple.

Ntara, the leader of the tribal federation of the south, said.

"God's intervention."

"People's emotions are running high over the pyramid anomalies. If it is a powerful maga, it will flow into the world and affect all systems."

Euntara's expression was sorrowful.

"The world will boil like a cauldron. All events will be integrated into one. Before humans."

The unity of the law means the victory of God.

"How about retrieving Elicia? If you attack Jive with that power, maybe... ...

"Whoops."

Euntara sipped the tea.

"That's why we can't. They don't even know what the problem is, but they try to solve it."

When asked what he would do with the power of Elicia, Shirone said this.

"nothing."

After much thought, Shirone raised her head.

"I won't do anything."

At first glance, the answer was draining, but as Euntara savored the words, she realized.

that is the answer you were looking for.

Ntara said.

"How arrogant is it that one human being can change the world. Yahweh is not a belief. It's just a huge wind. He does what he can."

"Is that why you passed it?"

"To do this or to do that, in the end nothing is perfect. In it, someone will be sacrificed, and someone will be angry."

Integration is impossible.

"Elicia is one, but Yahweh exists all over the planet. If you prioritize, your power will change. It seems that Elykiah went to see the owner."

"Will his wish come true?"

Euntara sipped her tea and fell into thought.

'A number of incidents are overlapping. Everyone is trying to fulfill their desires. God... ... Are you saying that even human hearts can be changed by the law?'

he raised his head

"I don't know. What is clear is that all future events will serve a purpose. When you finally reach the end, the remaining results are... ...

Is it human or divine?

"The end is in sight."

Euntara tried hard to ignore the fact that the integration of the law is faster than the integration of humans.

Corona Kingdom.

Shirone opened his eyes.

"Huh billion!"

I hurriedly raised my upper body and looked around. It was a military barracks with a bonfire burning.

'What happened?'

Shirone, who was thrown out of the Ivory Tower with Baal, fell into the occupied territory of Huig.

'ah??????

He recalled the memory of Minerva appearing and saving him just before he was defeated by the demons.

" Woke up?"

After walking through the tent of the barracks, Minerva entered.

"What happened?"

"I lost consciousness by the time I reached the hideout. You said you were really in danger."

It was such a fatal shock that Shirone couldn't even regain consciousness.

"There is no time. We have to save Taeseong."

Minerva didn't answer.

"Why is that? What's going on?"

"Look for yourself."

The moment she left the barracks following her, Shirone's eyes were filled with shock.

Just 100 meters in front, the Demons and Corona's soldiers were fighting.

"Completely pushed. You lost the war." Even the stars of the ivory tower could be seen among the soldiers, so Shirone couldn't believe it.

"why... ... ?"

"It happened all of a sudden. It's only been 20 minutes. It feels like the demons have become incredibly strong."

Shirone suddenly realized.

As if the anesthetized part had been released, as I focused my consciousness, simultaneous events were connected.

'pyramid.'

Events overlap according to the mind.

"Mika."

_Yes.

'How many people have been affected by the pyramid?'

-83 million 2,873 people. 28 people reached the death route a little while ago.

He was much stronger than Elicia.

'Things that happened under the will of God. I don't know what the intention was. But... ...

Now it was a world of demons.

"Shirone, we have to get out now. If the stars of the ivory tower are annihilated here, there is no future."

"They are targeting Taeseong. Without intelligence, the definition of good and evil is lost.

I lose."

The Ivory Tower could have been worse.

"Anyway, let's run away. Corona's soldiers will buy you some time. Even if you leave... ...

Shirone shook her head.

"Nope. Now there is nowhere to run... The demons of the Underworld will come over to reality."

Even Jin Seong-eum cannot be stopped.

"First of all, let's get rid of the demons here and go to the Ivory Tower. Rescuing Taeseong is an urgent priority."

"It is easy to say. I feel like those guys are about 2nd class special. It's like an ordinary soldier becoming a company commander. Even the battalion commander has become as strong as a division commander."

"I will do it. It's not that many, so we should be able to stop it for now."

"You are injured."

Shirone, who flung herself into the battlefield, looked back at Minerva with a smile on her eyes.

"You have become very pretty."

Minerva wasn't shy about compliments, but this time her face burned.

Because the world's laws changed, she too escaped the fate of a witch.

"Young guy... ... She didn't change much in appearance, but her impression was much better than before.

'That doesn't change anything.'

A bitter smile appeared on Minerva's lips as she kicked off the ground and chased after Shirone.

'Because I'm a murderer.'

Even if the law was changed, she felt that she had to take responsibility for her life.

Meanwhile, Shirone headed to the battlefield and finally felt the mighty power of the demons.

'It's being pushed back tremendously.'

I could feel the soldiers of Corona dying and the stars of the Ivory Tower struggling.

Twelve Mini of the Unified Space Management Department cast scale magic and grew her body.

"These bastards!"

10, 50], 100] surged up and hit the ground with her fist.

Woo woo woo!

It was so powerful that it shook the ground, but immediately the demons climbed up on its arms.

"away! Gross things!"

He swept his arms down as if shaking off ants, but the demons quickly ate up his flesh.

"Aaaaa!" At that moment, the light of the Miracle Stream swept all the demons and smashed them to the ground.

Looking down at the ground, Minnie's face brightened.

"Oh Dae-sung!"

Between her breastbones, Minnie's satellite, Ariana, appeared out of nowhere.

"Here, here! Come in quickly!" Shirone said with an embarrassing smile.

"next time."

"oh!"

The joke ended there, and Shirone opened her eyes again and jumped into the battlefield.

"Back off."

As Minnie stepped back several tens of meters, the Hand of God floated into the air.

A photon cannon was born on the palm of the light.

"Yahweh! Kill Yahweh!"

"Hahaha! I'm strong! Now is the time to kill you, the abomination...99

A flash of direct sunlight struck down.

The demons were blown away in concentric circles by the shock wave created with the roar.

"Whoa."

It was an astounding power at any time, but the demons of today were different from the past.

"Three forces OOOI"

In the huge crater, countless demons who were still alive revealed their faces.

'Is this enough?'

"Yahweh, I will kill you."

Shirone closed her eyes at the sight of the demons crawling through the mound of soil.

"Whoa."

And when I open my eyes again

"Kill you...

An incomparable giant orb of light filled the sky.

"Oh, no!"

Just as dawn breaks in the morning, the horizon of the occupied territory of Huigue swells brightly.

"Corsair! Advance!"

There was a blizzard around the ivory tower, but the stronger demons were unstoppable.

Approximately 200,000 demons, even the weakest soldier had the strength of a company commander.

While the demons infiltrated through the narrow entrance, Taeseong and Thing were still motionless.

Four-star residents Yin-Ji and Yang-Ji, who assist Xing, sensed the situation downstairs.

"Sing-nim, it's dangerous at this rate."

The stars of the Ministry of Law and the Ministry of Balance were guarding it, but the power of the Demons was too strong.

Taeseong said.

"Sing, stop misunderstandings. At this rate, the ivory tower will be overthrown."

Thing knew.

'Shirone, do you feel the same way?'

As long as Singh did not move, Taeseong would not be able to move due to the power of the law.

"Why?"

Taeseong asked.

"You can't achieve anything. What restrains me is just selfishness without justification."

"right."

Although Byeol and the residents agreed, it was Singh himself who eventually carried through.

"I could be wrong. I won't deny it. but i know That if I step back from here, no one can replace me."





If you are right... ... .

'99.99 percent wrong, if I'm right. If everything ends the moment I change my mind.'

Thing said.

"Let's die together, Taeseong. I have already made up my mind."

Taeseong's eyes were locked in sadness.

"Go up! Push with the numbers!"

Demons stage an armed demonstration on the 23rd floor against the Ivory Tower.

stars

had



As Arte swung the fan, a huge gale pushed the demons away like an iron wall.

"Great!"

However, Arte's mental ability to continuously cast magic had reached its limit.

"I cannot last more than 10 minutes. If nothing is done within it, the ivory tower will be overthrown.

"You fools! Sooner or later, more demons will flock! You guys lost!"

Winning and losing in war is commonplace, but the current defeat was important to mankind.

'Evil will no longer be evil.' Arte gritted his teeth.

"Pungra."

The atmosphere on the 23rd floor rotated sharply and tore the flesh of the demons to shreds.

"Lecture."

At that moment, Arte felt the magic as well as the feeling that his mind was being split in two.

"Keugh!"

At the same time as he stumbled, the tremendous energy of the sword rushed in as it scraped the ground.

The black steel city pulled Arte, and the wall cracked, occupying the entire height of the 23rd floor.

Baal, the commander of the 1st corps, was walking towards the place where the demons turned around with blank expressions.

"Brigade commander!"

Watching the army kneel before him, Hog Jiangshi bit his lip.

'Damn it.'

In a situation where a battalion commander has become a division commander, what will the corps commander be like?

"Back off."

Baal said to the star of the ivory tower.

"Open the way. you guys can't beat me I will calm down and negotiate."

Tanjoura asked.

"Do you think we will get out of the way?"

"Do you think I am threatening you with your life? You're welcome. This is your last chance. The last thing I can compromise without opening the Demon Realm

opportunity."

'Deadly Cross.'

The moment Baal opened the Pandemonium, not the Ivory Tower, but all of humanity would perish.

"It's an evil engagement."

However, Baal's threat made the hearts of the stars of the Ivory Tower rather cold.

"Jisung doesn't give in to threats. Whether humanity perishes or the universe is destroyed... ...

Tanjoura threw herself.

"Because what is right is what is right

Five."

One-hundred.

"The sin of denying the right. execution."

Baal was imprisoned in the law, and the satellite Dae-ho, who ran from the side, cast Jakdu.

"haha."

The next moment everyone saw the bodies of Tanjura and Daeho cut in half.

"Jisung is dead."

Baal, with his blade hanging down to the side, asked the stars blocking his entrance.

"Are you going to object?"

Shirone, who had flown in from the occupied area of ??Huig at great speed, opened her eyes.

Around the Ivory Tower, demons were gathering to the point of resembling the sea.

Minerva approached in a jet.

"The entrance is blocked!"

Since the demons had different durability, there was a limit to piercing with physical force.

'Taesung, hold on a little longer.'

Shirone, who spread the judicial halo ataraxia, rushed to the ground while activating the six bullet system.

"That madman!"

At the same time Minerva turned, Shirone crashed into the middle of the demons.

"What, what?"

Realizing that it was Yahweh, the demons proudly exposed their fangs.

"Whoa."

Seeing Shirone's face emitting a breath of light, he soon became pale.

"Move."

I wasn't referring to anyone, but the demons felt the world split left and right.

Meaning of incident (2)

When Shirone's party reached the convection layer of the sun, the flames coalesced and a phoenix was born.

The phoenix of the planet is also powerful, but if the place is the sun, it is a completely different dimension.

"You came at last."

The stellar energy emitted by the Phoenix reduced the diameter of the Miracle Stream by 1 meter.

"I've been waiting for you, Ikael." The party accepted Phoenix's language with Ultima, Idea, and Mental Body.

Ikael said.

"I'm here to meet Satiel."

"I guess so. But that's stupid. Nothing can stand against the rules of the whole."

"It's something you don't know until you try. Even if this universe perishes, only the heart will remain."

I wanted to believe that.

"... ... Do what you like. is your resting place But humans cannot go to the core. No, even though it is questionable how he could be here in the first place." The phoenix looked back at the naked woman and the man engulfed in light, and exploded the flames.

"Leave!"

Even though they were shielded by the Miracle Stream, Shirone was dizzy.

'It's a great energy.'

Amy, aware that time was running out, stepped out of the tent.

A blinding light shot out, and her body burned again.

Phoenix's eyes narrowed.

"Mother of Light. How can humans reach the source of a signal?

It is impossible."

"Come on, Ikael."

Amy said, rising slowly.

"I will take care of this."

Ikael, who had been in conflict for a while, escaped the curtain of the Miracle Stream as if he had made up his mind.

"Suck!"

Her body went out like a candle, and her mind emerged from the sun's flame.

"I'm sorry, Lady of the Sun. I cannot destroy Satiel like this. That's the heart."

Phoenix said, glaring at Amy.

"It is useless. You can't convince God. It's something no one can do." Responding with silence, Ichael bends over and seeps into the sun's core.

"Yes, a human with a fire idea."

Phoenix straightened his upper body.

"I know that you deserve to come to Ra. But in the end, you can't get over me."

"Is it really so?"

Amy's flames turned into the brightest white light as if they were about to explode.

Shirone bit his lip.

'6 meters in diameter.'

The range of Hexa that can be used in the harsh environment of the sun should be close to that of hand-to-hand combat.

'I have no choice but to wait for an opportunity now.'

At that time, Phoenix, which had grown enormously, rushed at Amy like an arrow.

"Destroy!"

As they collided to such an extent that their shapes collapsed, a powerful shockwave hit Shirone.

Meanwhile, Satiel and Rayel, who had infiltrated the sun's core, were desperately fighting.

"Big!"

Every time I tried to undo the course of the universe, I felt like my mental body was burning.

"why... ...

Satiel screamed.

"Why are you denying us! Why! Why!"

The entity of God, represented by Ankera, never showed up to them.

"What are we here for?" for divine authority.

The moment humans reach God, cause and effect are reversed, and the status of creation and creation changes.

'Even if it is... ...

What authority does Yahweh have to change all the standards of the universe because of one error?

'What are you made of us? What is the archangel's noble concept? Do you have any sense of responsibility for the world you created, the rules you set, or the creation?'

God has no mind.

From the standpoint of the imaginary number, it is a cold existence that removes errors according to the program.

Ikael came through the radiant layer.

"Sathiel."

Because it was infused into the mental body, there was no way to hide the emotions.

"Stop it now. You will become human. You and I become human beings."

"Other angels!"

Satiel's eyes filled with poison.

"I always think of you! What about other angels without hearts? You will only be used by humans!"

"Satiel, that's... ...

"Stop!"

As Rayel's mental body attacked Ikael, numerous signals intersected in a complex way.

"I'm sorry, Ikael. I can not help it. You can't be human like this."

"If you continue like this, you will get caught in the wheel of the law and be crushed. I cannot endure without Yahweh."

"haha! I bet!"

Satiel's eyes filled with poison.

"Guppin, for doing dirty things with that lowly human! Don't look at us the same as you!"

"Satiel, your actions are not for the angels either. You just want to gain strength and get revenge on me... ...

"What is that!"

The sun's core shook unsteadily as Satiel screamed.

"yes! I have a heart too What you receive from Guffin may be hope, enthusiasm, peace, and love... ...

Satiel screamed.

"What I received is hatred and resentment, anger and betrayal, frustration and shame! That is my heart!"

Rayel's mental body trembled like a wave.

"Satiel... ...

Since the truth cannot be concealed in the state of the mental body, Ikael realized his heart.

'It's like that.'

The mind that I don't want to see her struggling.

'It's really beautiful.'

Ikael was grateful that he could recall the precious time he had with Guffin.

"Satiel is right."

Ikael said.

"Hope, peace and love live in my heart. But for Satiel, only the most painful feelings will remain: hatred, resentment, betrayal."

These are two very different types.

"It is the heart after all." Rayel's mental body was shaken by the conflict.

"The law separated me and Satiel into the elect and the non-chosen. But the heart is not like that. I also have pain. I also have a grudge."

The pain of losing the one you love the most.

"I can turn it back. It is possible here. Please let Satiel go."

"no! Rayel, never!" What are you afraid of? Satiel shook his head in a half-mad state.

"Satiel won't give up his stubbornness?

all."

"I will prevent the change of the law. I'll help. I can't lose Satiel like this."

Lael, who could not be denied by any means, released the restraining force as if resigned.

"no! Do not come! I'd rather perish now than share one mind with you!"

Despite Satiel's desperate refusal, Ikael eventually assimilated with her mind.

Ataraxia was activated while the three archangels shared one spirit.

"Huh!"

The sun's core shook greatly as the concepts of disintegration and light were greatly amplified.

"Ahhh."

Satiel, who couldn't deny Chimi's sense of security, had no choice but to admit it.

'Yes, I know.'

Only Ikael is qualified as an archangel.

'I know. It's not that the guffin was taken away. From the beginning, Guffin loved Ikael. But... ... what am i no more I don't even have anything left to resent.'

"I'm sorry."

Ikael said.

"I was monopolized. Everything you wanted, I got it all."

"you... ...

The moment Satiel tried to push away Ikael's spirit, a shocking signal came rushing in.

"Gurpin... ...

Because lying is impossible.

"I have always been grateful to you. I was so sorry. because i can't love you for hurting you."

Satiel burst into tears.

"Huh??????:

it's not gone

"Guppin didn't resent it. Because if it wasn't for you, our love wouldn't have come true. Rather, I always worried about you."

I cried uncontrollably.

'I, I... ...

Even without a physical body, even after leaving the photon world, the Guffin was still alive here.

"Now, pay attention, Satiel."

Although there is no form in the mind, Satiel felt Kael hugging him from behind.

"We are going to make it through."

"Black!"

The hatred hadn't gone away yet, but he had no intention of shaking off her hand.

'Goes.'

Amplification, light, and disintegration?three great concepts shook the interior of the sun.

The 12th palace of the zodiac of the Delta headquarters.

With only one small black hole left, Kitra immediately intuited a change in prognosis.

"You're interfering all the way."

The displeasure grew as not long before the Divine Law was fulfilled.

Of course, it was only a matter of emotion, and the Archangel could not defeat God's decision.

"They call it physics." In a world that only exists in such a way, creatures have created numerous formulas.

"Creatures, answer me. Is there a case where adding 1 and 1 does not equal 2? none. Because God ordained it that way. So whatever you guys do... ...

Kitra spread her arms.

"I am omnipotent, omniscient, and absolute."

Pyramids all over the world emitted light as the black hole doubled in size.

The radius of overlapping events began to widen.

Shirone, who was blown away by the shock wave from Amy's phoenix, felt an eerie feeling.

'The law of the sun has changed drastically.' that kind of feeling.

As the information of the simultaneous incident flooded in beyond time and space, he realized the full extent of the situation.

'Kitra.'

As the magnetic field expanded around the pyramid, human desire grew.

'The more you do, the stronger the devil becomes. If we continue like this, humanity will really come to an end.'

Even if Yahweh reached the ultimate in his heart, the law of the sun also had a status corresponding to it.

'How should I stop it?'

Thinking of what she could do, Shirone considered the possibilities.

'It's 50 to 50.'

The fact is... ... he was not confident

'Because I've never tried. No, it will probably affect the simultaneous events.'

It was such a dangerous and huge history, but now there was no place for mankind to retreat.

'Please hold on a little longer, mother.' Shirone, who cheered for Ikael with her heart, moved away from the sun at the fastest speed.

Meanwhile, Amy and Phoenix also stopped fighting due to a powerful solar wind from the sun.

"You've earned God's wrath."

Phoenix said.

"Give up, human. It is impossible to change the laws of God. no matter how... ...

It returned to space as if the phoenix's neck would break.

"yes?"

The massive, powerful identity of the law was at a distance that could not be confirmed with the naked eye.

Amy murmured.

"Shirone?"

"Speak, nonsense. How could a human being have such a huge law... ... . This is impossible."

At this moment, what the source of the signal feels is a clear photon signal, not a quantum one.

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Whoa!"

The mental power gained from being away from the sun was concentrated between the two palms facing each other.

'Material Earl.'

The law of God is blocked by the law.

.........

All kinds of materials escaped between the open palms and began to combine at a tremendous speed.

Machinery the size of one planetary nation is endlessly assembled.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

Connecting at sublight speed, they began to wind around the Sun's equator like a giant belt.

Phoenix shouted.

"I will cover the entire sun! How dare you be a human!"

Of course, even with the intellectual abilities of the 5-dimensional library, the technology of the outside world cannot catch up.

"Aaaaaaa!" If you can implement the scale of the stellar scale, you can manipulate the law with your current technology.

"Oh my gosh... ...

With even Amy at a loss for words, an unprecedented construction took its first step.

"Mika."

Construction progress is 0.00002 percent.

The blueprints in the Tesseract are supermassive artificial structures that control 100% of stellar energy.

'Okay, let's do it until the end to see who wins.'

It was called Shirone Spear.

Meaning of incident (3)

Spirit of Ymir, 1.5 layers deep.

"Live."

Gangnan said.

"You don't have to be by my side, so do whatever you want. I will never resent you."

What I realized when Ymir's Ultima, 10 billion eyes infiltrated the 1.5th floor.

'A man who lived a life I could not have imagined'

Sleep.'

It was Gaold's unusual self-denial and his obsession with Miro.

'Sain must have the same idea.'

As long as Miro chose Gaold, the father-daughter relationship was now just a facade of emotions.

The Sein family entered Gangnan's house.

"There was."

After dissolving the Tamo organization, the market was smooth, but they closed their business.

'Find the wrong picture.'

The line between dreams and reality became clearer, and what remained was a matter of choice.

"I decided to live here."

Gangnan said.

"This is the conclusion I came to after much thought. Because I realized how painful the reality is. I will live here."

Even Sein could not object.

As Arius whimpered, Miro approached Gaold at the table.

"Are you okay?"

It was only for a moment that he tasted the pain of reality, but Gaold was in a state of shock for a while.

"??????yes."

"Kang Nan and Dad gave permission, so it's over now. It's good for you. Because I got a pretty little bride like me."

little bride.

asked Gaold, who was smoking a cigarette.

"Aren't you asking for my opinion?"

"What do you want to ask? I know now how tenacious you are. Why, don't you like it?" It was awkward for Miro to get to know Gaold in real life, even if no one else knew about it.

"Aha, got it. Mister, is it because waiting until I grow up is crazy?"

Gaold quit smoking.

"Don't be ridiculous, kid. If you know how I've been, just shut up

there is."

Miro also knows.

That Gaold was the one who endured 20 years in the terrible hell of pain.

'Yes, this is correct.'

The world has been perfected by Miro's compromise, and Ymir will not be able to penetrate it.

Sein asked.

"by the way... ... How about Shirone?"

Since that day, Shirone, who had fallen asleep, remained asleep as if she had died.

Mong-ah, who was standing next to Louver, said

"I tried many methods, but to no avail. Even if it was a dream within a dream, it would be possible to approach it... ...

"There were conditions."

Louver said.

"Isn't it only when the dream keeper approves that even the dream keeper cannot read the dream?"

Gangnan asked.

"Did you ever approve?"

"A long time ago... ...

I once accepted the offer of a man who is now called the first yora.

"The conditions are simple. with the same ideals

I heard there is a story I want to tell you. Call it a dream come true. This dream may revive the will, but... ...

I don't know.

"When will you wake up?"

"I don't know. Time doesn't matter in dreams. It is a matter of how much information is processed. When all the data of the lore dream is transferred, the dream within the dream ends."

At that moment, Shirone suddenly straightened her waist like a bow and shook her arms.

"Oh Dae-sung!"

Mong-a looked around, but he was unconscious.

"What happened?"

Looking at Shirone, who was almost convulsing, Louver put on a serious expression.

'In a dream, Oh Dae-seong is not affected by simultaneous events. So what is being affected is... ...

Demon Sword Armand.

The ability integrated under the name of material is working strongly in reality.

"Convulsions?"

How strong is it that the unconscious master suffers so much?

The louver looked at the sky of the world on the 1.5th floor.

'What are you doing?'

Glaring at the sun, Shirone gritted her teeth.

"Big!"

A huge amount of material was pouring out from between the gaping palms.

Materials that transcend human knowledge even endured the harsh space environment.

'I can't finish it all at once. First of all, a ring-shaped skeleton that wraps around the diameter of the sun... ...

-The construction progress is 0.00134 percent.

The work efficiency reached approximately 64 billion man-months, but it was far from reaching the 1 percent progress rate.

'I have to do it.'

When God's law is fulfilled, this universe will come to an end in one of the bubbles.

The solar wind hit.

"Keugh!"

Again, the law was twisted, and the aftermath was immediately perceived through simultaneous events.

'It's fine. Mum will buy me time.'

If you can finish in it.

As the power of the material was increased, the boundary line where the material was output became red-hot.

At the same time as it was born, mechanical devices assembled at the speed of light glided through outer space.

The aftermath of the final adjustment directly hit the Pyramid of Truth in the kingdom of Paras.

As the letters on the wall were replaced with new concepts, the baptism of seals flooded in again.

"Aww! no! No!"

Glenn, a priest of Lamie, desperately held on to the spirit that was about to turn.

"I mean, I love Rukia... ...

Glenn's cause.

Rukia dismissed it as mere memories, but for Glenn, it was an event that changed the outcome of his life.

Born into a poor family, Glenn had to live a harsh life from an early age.

It was when Glenn's parents believed in Lamie that a ray of light shone.

Luckily, I was able to enter the monastery, where I met Rukia's family.

"hi? I am Rukia."

"uh... ... yes. It's Glenn. nice to meet you."

The two seventeen-year-olds quickly opened up, but the parents' situation was a little more complicated.

It was a monastic missionary day.

"Glenn, mother. Thank you for coming here even though you are busy. May the grace of Krea be with you."

Rukia's mother, a priest, was kind to everyone, and Glenn's mother liked her too.

"Thank you. It's something you have to do."

Even at that time, Glenn and Rukia were working together to preach to the villagers.

Rukia's mother smiled.

"The two always stick together. nice to see Glenn is such a brilliant young man."

I shouldn't have listened.

'At that time, I wasn't listening to that.' Glenn's mother was also embittered because no parent would take offense at her son's praise.

"Rukia is really nice and healthy. He is said to be the next high priest in the monastery."

"No. What is the high priest?"

"I hope Glenn and Rukia do well. If the two grow up later... ...

The word was cut off there.

It was because he saw the anger in the eyes of Rukia's mother, who was always kind.

"Ah, I said something presumptuous... ...

"Mother Glen, don't say that again. Even if you are a believer, I want you to keep the line."

"sorry. sorry."

Glenn, unable to watch his mother lower her head any longer, turned her head away.

Rukia asked.

"Glenn, what's wrong?"

"Nothing."

"Nothing? Is there a lot of anger on your face? Did I do something wrong?"

"Rukia."

Glenn clenched his fists.

"I am not feeling well. I'll go in and rest." As time passed, the feelings faded, but the wounds in Glenn's heart did not heal.

"no!"

Glenn grabbed his head.

"You said you wanted to have Rukia just for that reason? I... ... I loved you with all my heart!"

love, beautiful language.

"Why are you bewitching me! Do you think you'll be shaken by something like this? I am a priest of Lamie!"

How many things we ignore just because they are beautiful to hear.

"God, look down on me! Drive this devil's cunning out of me!"

Glenn, praying, heard hallucinations.

Glenn, Glenn.

"I believe in God. Please save me."

There are no demons.

"Huh! have mercy on me... ... Whoa! I entrust my everything to you... ...

Wasn't it the result of what you did?

"Aww! Aaaaaa!"

Body fluids trickled from Glenn's eyes, nose, and mouth as he buried his head on the ground.

It was the night back at the monastery.

"Glenn, why? You haven't spoken to me since before. Should I tell you what's going on?"

"go back! Just leave me alone!" yelled Glenn.

"... ... okay. talk tomorrow sleep well." Hearing the sound of Rukia spinning, Glenn wiped everything in her room.

"Something like dogs!"

still unresolved

"Yes, this is poor. You're saying it's disgusting for a guy like me to have a daughter, right? But you know what? Rukia likes me If I, if I put my mind to it... ... !"

Glenn raised his chin.

"I can break it right now. I will never dream of becoming a high priest for the rest of my life..."

"no!"

The moment Glenn shouted, countless letters lit up on the walls around him.

"You son of a bitch! why are you doing this to me! I really love you now! I was so angry at that time... ... !"

Then the events began to overlap.

"Aww!"

He banged his head against the wall but did not die, and that was Glenn's last courage.

"Hugh! Hehe!"

He made many choices, but in his life, which is getting more and more ruined.

"Huh!"

Glenn finally realized.

'I disappear.'

It is just a human being among human beings.

Just when I felt my skull open, I heard a familiar voice from across the hallway.

"Glenn!"

Rukia was running.

"Glen! You were here! How many times have I found... ... !"

"Kuaaa!"

Glenn, who made a monstrous noise, stood up and strangled Rukia.

"die! I mean die!"

"Uh, Glenn... ...

Glenn's face, looking up from the floor, was distorted like an animal.

"You didn't love me! I regretted it! I had no choice but to accept it because you were with me that night!"

"no."

Rukia was also baptized by phosphorus, so she knew what Glenn was talking about.

"You are too young! I was just scared! I love you now! Really, Glenn!"

"die!"

Compressing his neck, Rukia grabbed Glenn.

'God's right hand.'

It can stir and change people's minds like water, but it rarely catches on.

'I lost my mind.'

"die! die! die!"

With the weight of her entire body in her hands, Glenn had no choice but to use her last resort.

'The devil's left hand.'

Just holding his shoulder for a brief moment made Glenn's body twist like a pretzel.

As Glenn collapsed on his side and struggled in pain, Rukia looked at him again.

"Glen! it's okay? Come to your senses!"

"Turn it off... ...

As he groaned as his whole body twisted, he heard footsteps in the darkness behind him.

"Mr. Youfra."

Where Rukia turned around, Great Swordsman Yufra was walking with unfocused eyes.

He slowly raised his sword and said.

"Everything is according to God's will... ...

Humans who have lost their cause become oparts, mere objects.

"God is waiting for us!"

As the sword was about to cut Rukia's head, a chunk of light flew from the side.

With a thump, Yufra crashed into the wall, and Shirone appeared from around the corner.

"Miss Rukia! it's okay?"

"ah??????

The moment she saw Shirone's eyes, which contain human emotions, she shed tears.

"Yahweh."

It was a heart that was not shaken by the law.

Meaning of incident (4)

Youfra, who collapsed with her back against the wall, glared at Shirone with bitter eyes.

"Kurrrrr!"

He howled in a low voice like a beast, then raised his sword again and charged.

Shirone was lost in thought.

'Is the human heart free from the law?'

Veron problem.

Seeing the gold that fell on the floor, having a beautiful reason right in front of you, holding mighty power in your hands... ... .

'How many will not be shaken?'

A world governed by the law.

And now, the cold god was manipulating human beings by directly intervening in the cause.

'Opparts.'

A man who has lost his mind is nothing more than an object.

"Yahweh, you are an error."

Therefore, the words spoken now were God fabricating and conveying the cause of Yufra.

I broke out in a cold sweat.

'Amidst the overlapping of events, Youfra must have chosen an endless life. But in the end, he couldn't do more than become God's tool and became Opartz.'

There is only one reason.

'Because they are animals of desire.'

Because I can't choose displeasure, because I can't die, because I don't want to give in.

'The desires of oneself and others collide, and the process eventually becomes a predictable law... ...

calculated by god

'Can you manipulate the human mind? Are we just instruments of the law?'

The moment the blade touched Shirone's neck, the rich light pushed Yufra aside.

As he crashed into the wall with a thump, the smoke of light gradually changed into the form of a hand and crushed him.

"Don't talk nonsense. I'm not in error As long as I am present, the Veron issue is still valid."

Because you can never be wrong.

There was no word called yuprah.

God manipulated him with the law, but he did not have the ability to interpret his true nature.

"Yahweh."

The light went out in Yufra's eyes.

"You are an error."

His head fell completely down as if the machine had stopped working.

'Dead.'

No, is it blocking access?

When the Hand of God was annihilated, Yufra's body collapsed in a standing state.

Seeing the results of the oparts with her own eyes, Shirone turned her gaze to the fallen Glenn.

"Please save Glenn. please... ...

'It's not an o-parts.'

He must have reached the brink, but he did not completely lose his mind with Rukia's appearance.

"I'll see you soon."

The joints in the demon's left hand were twisted, but thanks to the quick release of the hand, nothing was broken.

Recovered with the Miracle Stream, Shirone pushed the light of Agape.

"Big! Kill me, Rukia. I will kill you."

Shirone shook her head.

"Even Yahweh cannot change the cause of Mr. Glenn. He has experienced numerous incidents, and in the process, did he reach this state by his own will?

all."

Still believing in the power of the mind, Shirone did not want to say that she was manipulated by God.

"It's hard to deny the whole life you've lived. But in the end, it is only you who can change your mind. He has no choice but to trust Mr. Glenn."

Rukia wept.

"I saw it too. Glenn's past, and how High Priest Maximus treated me."

Shirone brought the news of Maximus' death in the Heavenly Village.

"I see. I don't know now. I trusted Glenn. I don't think love is all that beautiful."

"It is beautiful."

Shirone said, supporting Glenn.

"It doesn't matter what the name of that feeling is. The important thing is the heart that carries through with it."

"A heart that perseveres... ...

"If you really love Glenn, don't give up. Then whatever it is, it will be beautiful." Realizing something, Rukia woke up.

"Now I know why I didn't become like Glenn or Mr. Youfra. I had to come here."

'Come to think of it... ...

A superposition of events occurred within the pyramid, but the cause did not change for Rukia.

"I see."

There was only one reason.

"To God, Rukia-san is already a finished result. It's no coincidence that you met Ares or that Glenn brought you here. But... ... Why?"

Why did God need Rukia?

"The Devil's Left Hand."

It was a sudden change that came to the woman who was performing miracles with the right hand of God.

Rukia shouted.

"I think I know how to meet God! Please find people!"

It must have been the reason why God called Shirone here.

'I guess I'll use it as a tool too. But it won't go your way.'

It sounded like hallucinations.

-Save yourself from the terrible truth.

"Okay, let's go."

Following Shirone, Rukia looked at the unconscious Glenn's face.

'No one can help. You have to do it, Glenn. I won't be shaken either.'

Green Ocean.

The elves' weapon against the fairy invasion was natural Mother Nature, the flood itself.

Giant trees brandished their branches like whips, and rock golems trampled the tiny bodies.

Whoops!

The terrifying sound made the Fairy troops wince.

"Sheesh! There is no resistance."

"You expected this much. Rather, we should focus on catching the test subjects."

Crown wanted an elf.

"That was also the story when I penetrated this strange forest. cowardly bastards. Hiding behind Mother Nature."

"A fire tribe or something, they have tremendous abilities. They say they control the whole flood."

Then a great vibration was heard.

"Is it yet?"

When the fairies turned around, the archangel of destruction, Yuriel, was striding forward.

"Ah, Archangel."

He said, turning his knuckles of paradise.

"Back off."

Before he could hear an answer, Uriel rushed into the forest and struck the ground with his goon of paradise.

'Chun Bo-ryun.'

A radius of several hundred meters in the forest exploded.

"Huhhhh!"

The seismic wave arrived at the same time Protea, the leader of the Fire Tribe, crouched down.

Enox, the head of the elves, approached.

"What happened?"

"The small world creation was cut off for a while. The power of an archangel is so ferocious."

Most of the Hwajok died in the Asmodian War, and only a dozen or so remained alive.

Florino, who controlled the river to extinguish the fire in the forest, spoke in a despairing voice.

"I will be pushed away like this. Why is Yahweh not coming? hello we are... ... Is it something that cannot enter human life?"

"It's not like that, Flallino."

Enox said.

"We must save ourselves. If you don't have a heart to fight and struggle like a human being, nothing will change even if Yahweh comes. They will eventually become livestock."

"But... ...

"Humans would have been afraid. Humans must have suffered too. You cannot reach it unless you go beyond it."

at the center of the world.

"ruler! Let's go, elves! How long are you going to be stigmatized as a coward by the fairies!"

300 elves agreed with their eyes.

"All troops out... ... !"

Before Enox could finish his words, a huge shockwave surged 100 meters ahead.

"Keugh!"

As the dust was blown away with wind magic, the gigantic Yuriel was approaching.

'Awesome power... ...

Among those with will, it is probably one of the most powerful weapons in the entire universe.

"Why do you get involved in a showdown between the servants?" Like Yahweh, the Archangel has no reason to interfere in the battle between the Elves and the Fairies.

"Well."

Uriel bent his lower body.

"Is it because I am also a species'?"

Just by lowering my posture, I felt the power as if I was watching an explosion.

While the elves' faces were pale, Enox was also dizzy.

"End the war."

The fairies shouted.

"Mrs. Uriel! Leave the elves alive... ...

Before he could even finish his words, Uriel was already rushing forward, spinning the wheel of paradise.

'Is it over... ...

Just as Enox fell into despair, a man slashed the side of Uriel.

received.

As Yuriel flew away with a bang, the faces of the elf and fairy became dazed.

"... ... you are?"

A handsome man in a gray coat, with curly hair and steel eyes.

"Golden Dragon Metira."

Then, a gong sound was heard, and the remaining 12 apostles landed simultaneously.

"iced coffee."

Enox's eyes turned red.

'Yes, Yahweh did not abandon us.'

Poine, the poison dragon, smiled.

"It is against the law for another species to intervene in a fight for the fate of a species. Isn't that right, Uriel?"

He walked with a thump thump on the ground.

"You are an uninvited guest."

The light dragon Phaeton, a blonde boy sitting in the center of the 12 apostles, opened his mouth.

"Why? Are you suddenly upset? do not worry. Because you alone are enough for me."

"It's 1 in 12."

Uriel raised his right arm.

"Fighting with one arm would be balanced. If you want, you can take out the paradise too."

"Heh heh! Hehehehe!" Half of Phaeton's face, which had hardened into a smile, transformed into a dragon.

"You, come here, it's a baby."

As Uriel waved his hand as if to invite you to come, the boy's eyes glowed.

"Sir... ...

Before Phaeton could fly, the fire dragon Inpercus rushed at Uriel.

"Let's get right."

Her body, clad in leather tights, burned and turned the hall into a sea of ??fire.

Enox, who cast water magic, gritted his teeth.

'This is the beginning.' The war between elves and fairies.

Whoever wins this war will be absorbed into humanity and will change the future of the world.

'Who will carry it through.'

The results of the tribal war were still being piled up at the destination of information after passing through the filter of the law.

Apocalypse.

The sudden shaking of the ground made the Shirone mining team look around.

"what?"

The intensity wasn't strong, but it was a vibration that felt like the entire world was changing.

"Shirone! this!"

The artifact Marsha was holding in her hand began to rust and wear out quickly.

"A new future is being built. That's a lot of speed."

Shirone bit his lip.

'That means that the change of the law is rapid. What big variables are applied?'

sedimentation of time.

In a situation where all current events were pushed back to the past, the mining team was very tense.

"End, is it over?"

A world of apocalypse that was completely different from before the earthquake awaited.

"... ... Clean."

A state-of-the-art mechanical city was built instead of a messy landscape of building debris.

Marsha asked.

"So who won? Elf? Fairy? Who built this city?"

Seven androids came out from between the buildings.

"uh?"

It had an egg-shaped head, a black liquid crystal on the front, and a silvery metal body.

'It's like high gear.'

All of them were wearing the same monk's robes and had electronic rosary beads stuffed around their necks and hands.

"Finding Rebirth."

Android turned around at the same time.

"Sheesh! I got caught."

While the parrot mercenary was on guard, a behemoth ran vertically on the screen of the android.

"Color immediately. color immediately."

Shirone was surprised by the depth of realization written on the liquid crystal rather than their cold mechanical sounds.

'Buddha?'

Marsha asked like someone who was in a hurry.

"Shirone, is this your enemy? huh? please call me an enemy That way you can run away without looking back."

"Color immediately. color immediately."

Humanity's final evolutionary stage - Final Type Jet (Z).

The destination of mankind (1)

Apocalypse's mining team couldn't identify the pia with the android in front of them.

"What are you guys? Are you a human or a machine'?"

"We are Jet."

said the leading android.

"Those who realized the principle of the universe. It is a completely flawless existence without any afflictions."

"Run away."

The moment Shirone spoke, the people who called themselves "Jet" assumed the posture of a class leader.

"Salvation of life."

When the Sanctum was engraved on their faces, a metal sphere with the Sanctum engraved around them was born.

'Carbonization'

It was a way for machines to penetrate living things.

"Color immediately. color immediately."

As the spheres that protruded like flashes bombarded the front, the roar of the explosion embroidered the city.

"Keugh!"

The mining team hidden behind the Miracle Stream was surprised to see a floor that was not even incontinent.

"damn! What is it made of?"

"The Law."

Shirone said.

"This is a city that is governed by the law. Our hearts cannot influence it."

maybe flawless.

"go."

Shirone cast Hand of God.

"I will stop them, mine information. We must know the cause."

Marsha said.

"But how? more in this world

There are no abnormal artifacts. It's been cleaned."

The relics that Marsha possessed had already turned to dust and disappeared a long time ago.

"Because it is the law, there must be a database. Find the main system and hack it."

Marsha asked perplexedly.

"Is that Buddha? So now... ... Are you telling us to hack the Buddha?" The jets that printed the word on the facial liquid crystal analyzed Shirone's Hand of God.

"The pinnacle of agony."

The leading Jet said.

"Suffering sentient beings, come follow us. Afflictions come from ignorance, so if you realize the principle of the entire universe and get rid of doubts, your anguish will disappear."

"Are you going to make me a machine too?"

"Creating the boundary between life and death is just an obsession. You just have to accept one truth."

one truth.

'After all, it is the Law, not the heart, that is integrated. And if the result is the world unfolding before your eyes... ...

God won.

'No, nothing has been decided.'

If a variable occurs anywhere in the five systems, the apocalypse will also change.

'In a world that has reached the pinnacle of the law, it would be difficult to hack the database right away... ...

If the Shirone Spear is completed, if the 12 Apostles win, if the world behind it is purified.

'Or whatever!'

Shirone clenched his fists.

"The fight is not over. Humans, mankind will definitely rise above the law."

"Desire only breeds pain. Get away from the obsession of existence and open the door to rebirth in paradise."

The tone was benevolent, but bullets containing vicious laws were born around Jet.

"Stubbornness."

Shirone, who blocked the fleeing mining team, deflected the bullet with her Hand of God.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

Every time the law exploded, my mind was dizzy.

' tremendous.'

It wasn't as much as me who chose apostasy, but the machine's realization was powerful in itself.

After blocking the attack with the skill of the mind, the jets expressed their emotions with a moment of silence.

"... ... King of the living."

A single behemoth fills the liquid crystal.

"Well."

Between the buildings, the jets that printed the same letters rushed in with a low sound.

"Ohhhhhhm."

Cold sweat broke out on Shirone's back at the uncountable number.

'I won't be able to last long.' As the time for Geese's press conference approached, the protests in front of Delta grew louder.

"Gys, King of Jive, resign!"

"Bring out the ruler who commits corrupt things with the tax of the citizens! Bring it out!"

Amid all the echoes, Geese stood in front of the office window.

"You bastard children!"

With his chin lifted and his teeth clenched, he was masturbating with his right hand.

"Talk more, huh? Try to excite me more."

Myron, who was reviewing the materials for the press conference, approached me, fixing his glasses.

"The draft was written. Please check."

"Haha! Haha!"

Exhaling heavily and shaking his upper body, he roughly grabbed the papers Myron held out.

"Ah, sir! Shake it up."

"Ah yes."

While Myron replaced Geese's hand, snake-like sharp eyes scanned the contents.

"what is this? Who wrote the draft?"

"Secretary's office... ...

"No, done. does this make sense? To shed tears over the death of her daughter?"

"By stimulating the sensitivity... ...

"Who doesn't know that! That's too contrived! Do you know how quick-witted the citizens are these days?"

Geese tapped the papers.

"No matter who it is, the reporter is not going to ask. Then he suddenly cried... ... uh? Why can't I read the trend of the times? That's why you can't get ahead."

"sorry."

"The pain of losing a child is nothing in the world and erase this sentence. It's too aggressive. Will parents who have not died live in sorrow? It seems like you're trembling just because the kid died."

"All right."

"Don't use the inversion method. The point of stuttering is concentrated in the second half. Spread out a bit... ...

As Geese went to the desk to get the pen, Myron ducked.

"it's okay. Fix it like this."

"Yes."

Released from the role of his right hand, he received the papers and Geese went back to the window.

Citizens' voices were heard.

"The King resigns! Resign!"

"Quack! will i die of boredom? The more I do, the more I will eat. You guys eat this and fall... ... Whoops!"

Geese flinched.

"Big!"

While editing the draft, Myron looked at Geese's back as he groaned wildly.

'Are you really human?'

How much do you have to belittle others to not feel shame when you do something like this?

'Just as there is no human being to be ashamed of taking off clothes in front of animals. To Geese, human means... ...

The concept of cattle or less.

"Whoa, cool. Are you done editing?"

"Ah yes."

As Gis approached, raising his trousers, Myron politely handed over the amendment.

"Okay, let's go like this."

"It's 10 minutes before the press conference. You must go to the conference room. Xinjiang will protect you."

In the place prepared at the Delta Headquarters, there were not only reporters but also important people from each country.

said the albino.

"If Gis comes, it must mean that the aftermath is over. You'd want to shake everything off here, but... ...

Tormia's trap was still there.

"His Highness is in the position!" While all the reporters stood up, Gis came up to the podium with a firm expression on his face.

"hello. Citizens of the capital, citizens of the noble territories. I am always here... ...

After the speech, questions from reporters continued.

"Is it true that you attended a secret banquet? They say there was perverted behavior."

"That is not true."

"Then are you saying the article is false? It is a matter of death. Please be honest."

"Of course there was a banquet. However, it was just a normal seat in the temple. There was no sexual entertainment, and there was no substance to the deaths."

Everything that happened at the temple was a top secret unless you were determined and leaked information.

"Are you sure you didn't do it?"

"Everyone, this sanctuary is a place that will determine the future of mankind. Under such circumstances, would it be common sense for the kings of each country to gather and hold such a meeting that is difficult to mention?"

I do not know.

Because no one has ever been king.

"There are rumors of Princess Rebecca's death. Can you shed some light on that?"

In an instant, the blood drained from Geese's face.

When I thought of my daughter's face, my lips trembled and my heart felt like it would break.

"My daughter... ... Whoops!"

Gis sobbed without suppressing his emotions.

'It's just that.'

The albino's eyes grew cold.

'It's not without emotion. No, to be precise, it should be said that he understands emotions.'

It is true that you are sad about your daughter's death.

'So what is it?'

Geese thought to himself.

'My son died, I'm sad, what are you saying? sad is sad Do I have to starve at least?'

said the albino.

"I feel emotions, but that's it. I use it because I can see it coldly. No shame, no conscience, even grief over the death of a child."

"So strong."

It will be the pinnacle of psychological murder.

"By natural selection, carnivores have fangs. If human society is also an arena of weak meat, it is correct to view the lack of emotion as a kind of evolution."

"If you look back on human history, the rulers of the times were all cruel."

"yes. If feeding and breeding are what accelerated the evolution of animals, money and power change humans. Isn't it a power that can't be compared to the fang of a beast? That's how emotions are quickly castrated, and a 1.5 generation human being is born."

"finally... ... Will only those people remain?" "Well. I know it goes against the banner of humanity. It's just that if you release 100 people from the 1.5 generation and 100 people from the first generation in the same space, what will happen? The first generation will end in an instant."

I couldn't deny it.

"emotion. Every human being knows how weak that soft word can make a human being. You know, but you can't throw it away. Just as herbivores love grass, emotions are the reason humans live. But predators have a different taste."

"Eat the grass, eat the animal."

"yes. Even now."

Geese continued to speak, hiding his black feelings.

"I feel responsible for disturbing your planting. So, here I am... ... he bent over

"I formally ask for your forgiveness. If you give me a chance to make up for it, I will show you in the temple."

The pen tips of the reporters almost flew around in the unprecedented situation of the king's apology.

the albino murmured.

"It's a decisive blow."

In fact, Gis, who was lowering his head deeply, felt refreshed as if he were going to fly away.

'Yeongda, it's your favorite food. how is it? Are you feeling great? Is this your first time?'

The king apologized to the citizens.

'You guys can live if you just build up your self-respect. but i am not You should have all the most expensive things in the world. You have to take all the girls you like. They say that we have to enjoy every day luxury that human beings cannot enjoy even if they earn a lifetime.'

But pride?

'You're talking nonsense. You idiots, the waist and the head are organs that are meant to bend from the beginning. I think I use it to pick up things that have fallen on the ground. What if you give meaning to what even a three-year-old can do... ...

that it is so easy.

'Ah, good.'

The thought that he could reign over them again from now on made his sexual desire boil.

'I am the king. take it all away why? Because I have the ability to do that.'

the reporter shouted.

"Don't make fun of me! Citizens are not stupid enough to be fooled by political gestures!"

Another reporter objected.

"Be careful with your words! He is definitely the King of Jive! Be polite!"

'Quickly finish it. or go back annoying.'

Sooner or later, the reaction of the citizens who read the article would be hot, but Geese did not care.

'No matter what you say...

There will never be a unified opinion.

Humanity's destination (2)

Chemical company system control branch.

The assembly hall where the Siok contest was held was in the aftermath of the battle.

The noise from outside came through the hole through which Son Yoo-jung had escaped with Mortar Singer.

'Is it black?'

There might be a reason for not entering the office building, but it didn't seem safe outside either.

Lethe said.

"Yahweh, break your stubbornness. This is the last time I will treat you as a top customer."

As the magic of reality amplified, the power of the agent became stronger beyond imagination.

Even if they were administrators, their hidden codes were also based on Ma.

"My thoughts don't change. Six brains, tell me how to purify the central processing unit."

It was a device that calculated the karma of the underworld, made up of aborted children.

"It's impossible... ...

Lethe sighed and opened her eyes.

"Tell me how many times!"

As the flame of purification burned in her body, the directors trembled with fear.

"Then there is no compromise."

"... ... great."

The door to the meeting hall opened and a huge number of demons completely blocked the entrance.

"From today, this place will become a sacred place for the demons. Yahweh, your grave will be built." As time passed, Ma would become stronger, and one day he would not be able to overcome it.

'There must be a way.'

Lette is... ... what are you hiding?

stokehold.

Etella looked at the brains of fetuses clustered between city-sized cliffs.

'Poor children.'

Limbo has no karma.

It is because they have been eliminated without being able to do anything just because they exist.

Even so, the reason they are in hell is only because of their attachment to life.

'I must want to live.'

But what will you do with a life like this?

There was only one way to purify the physical brain, and it was when they gave up their lives on their own.

'Can I do it?'

I'm struggling to live like that.

"eww "

Ethella frowned at the pain in her lower abdomen and bowed her back.

'I'm afraid.'

It was still a life as small as a seed, but it was desperately preventing it from becoming Limbo.

' Sorry.'

our baby

'Mom has to relieve those children's resentment. That's why she came to this place mom.'

Ethella learned love through the sacrifice of her teacher Raphael for Chagall.

'I can do it.'

Now that she is also a mother, life is growing in her belly... ... .

'I can appease Limbo's bitterness.' If the world is purified like that, human life will be much better than now.

Ethella took a step.

"Huh"

The moment I saw the far-off ledge where the flames were burning, I groaned spontaneously.

death is not afraid

As long as she came here with the bridle of Taegeuk, she is destined to die even if she wants to die.

'How much will those children, the children before them, resent me.'

Becoming the godmother of aborted children and embracing the pain of all of them and disappearing.

'you can do it. No, that's what I have to do.'

If there is a reason for everything in this world, having Chagall's child must be destiny.

'Chagall.'

Although they are connected by the Taegeuk chain, Chagall did not respond to Etela's emotions.

Rather, what was felt from the chain was the half-mad Chagall's endless anger.

'You're a pitiful person too.'

If he hadn't been manipulated by divine law, he would probably have been a good friend.

'A family is meaningless.'

Because the law prints the truth as it is like a print.

"But... ...

I want to assume

'Humans can make assumptions. To throw one's mind at all uncertainties. Because that's the heart.'

Chagall could have been a good man.

'I'm going with that thought.'

As soon as I took another step, I felt a great pain in my stomach holding the fetus.

"Huh!"

Little life is what you don't want to die.

"Sorry."

Ethella wept.

As much as he realized love, there was no way that his own veins in his stomach wouldn't be in pain.

"I will not let you live here."

extinction is

A pain far greater than the pain in her stomach tore her chest apart, but her will was unbroken.

"Let's go."

What can't be done without

was

Chagall howled like a snake.

"Kiyi!"

Killing everything in sight, he saw virtually nothing.

"haha. Kkkkkkkkk."

You say you're blind anyway?

The lost time, the life that could have been happy, the resentment that God mocked and killed his benefactor.

"What did I do so wrong!"

If we put human emotions in a pressure cooker and inject anger into it, will this happen?

The enemy's resistance intensified as they continued killing without purpose or meaning.

'It suddenly became stronger.'

one step?

No, Chagall's body was gradually damaged by the power that seemed to transcend the two stages.

There was no pain in the excited state, but eventually he collapsed on the seat due to exhaustion.

When I came to my senses, my condition was so serious that there was no sound spot on my body.

"Oh, you crazy bastard."

Agents approached him past where the bodies of his comrades had been sprung up.

Chagall gritted his teeth.

'I can't move my body.'

As if I forgot how to force it, my muscles weren't getting any strength.

"Hey, hey."

When the agent lifted his foot and pushed Chagall's body, he fell to the side.

"You, do you know where this is? Won't you die anyway? I will teach you what hell is like."

"Che, cuckoo."

Lying on his back, Chagall's lungs fluttered at the unbearable tickling.

"Hey, are you laughing? yes, laugh out loud I'll cut off your face and bury it deep in the ground. If you stay in the dark for about 100 million years, you will realize your mistake."

"yes... ... That's good."

If buried in the ground for 100 million years, will the resentment in the heart be relieved a little?

'Can I forget everything?'

maybe this is for the best

'I can't even bully her now.'

knowing the past

'Keuk, that would be nice. To get away from scumbags like me. Yes, I will bury you in the ground forever... ...

It was then.

Chagall, who finally found reason, felt Etella transmitted through the chain of Taegeuk.

The moment she realized what she was about to do, every cell in her body went into spasm.

' what?'

Is this really true?

Taegeuk's chain was unbelievable even though he knew he couldn't lie.

'no.'

Chagall does not know what feelings he has for Etella.

I just lived hating vague things, swept away by wild emotions like a storm.

"don't do it."

can't see it a second time

That one thought cleared Chagall's mind, which had always been covered by dark clouds.

"do not do that."

that I was not sane.

"Quack! Look at this kid's face. Are you completely terrified? Well, it must be scary."

In fact, Chagall's face was bloodless and even his lips were trembling.

'Baby. My baby in my belly.'

Unlike a trashy father, even a child who will grow up happily under a really good mother... ... .

"Huh! Whoa!"

Chagall, who closed her eyes tightly and shed tears, heard the manager's voice.

- Remaining purification time 87 years 2,875

3,241 trillion 6.3 billion 220,002 hours.

About minus 10 billion hours.

The agents who watched Chagall's sobbing face laughed and pointed their fingers.

"Wouldn't it be nice to see you alone? If you cut the neck, let's hang it on the wall for now. When will it be buried... ... Kuck."

Dozens of holes opened simultaneously in the body of the agent with the rapid-fire sword stuck in his throat.

"??????Move."

As Chagall, revealing his white hair, rushed in, the remaining men hurriedly prepared for battle.

"You bastard, where did you get this power... ... I" Before the words could be finished, the rapid-fire swords rained down from all sides and hacked through their bodies like shotgun shells.

"Get out of the way!"

Chagall's muscles began to tear as he returned to where Ethella was.

'please??????

Hope you can make it in time.

Ethella finished her resolution.

"sorry."

Chagall's feelings were transmitted through the chains, but her heart did not change.

The relationship between the two was like a skein of thread that would only get more entangled no matter how much you tried to unravel it.

'This is the only way.'

The time they knew was reset, and the child in the womb was not the fruit of love.

"For good."

Tears streamed down Ethella's cheeks as her legs slid off the cliff.

Chagall grabbed the chain.

"wait!"

Although he pulled the chain with all his might, Taegeuk's bridle cannot be said to have priority.

At that moment, Chagall's eyes widened.

"Ahhh... ...

My whole body trembled as if I had been struck by lightning, and my two weak knees pounded the ground.

"Aaaaaaa!"

-Remaining purification time is 87 years, 2,875 circa 3,241,502,870,018 hours.

Close to 130 billion hours have been purified.

"Why! Why! Why!"

Out of all the times he had tormented her, if only he had been kind to her for even one moment.

'A idiot'!'

No, if he had stayed by her side without running amok right before we parted ways.

"no! It was a lie!"

Ethella could not be lost.

"Aaaaaaa!"

could be happy

"Chains, chains."

He stumbled on the chain, which was his only hope, but Etela's feelings were not conveyed.

"Why, why?"

In the main system that oversees Karma, all programs were inoperative.

Chagall, who got up from his broken body, ran down the hallway with a terrified expression.

'It's not too late! It wouldn't be too late!'

- Remaining purification time... ... .

An emergency message was heard in the assembly hall.

-warning! Key data in the engine room is being disrupted! deal with it quickly

Lethe raised her head.

"what?"

If there is a problem with the central processing unit, all karma in the other world is reset.

"Impossible. Those with karma cannot access the physical brain. Even if the form is destroyed, the law remains intact, so core data is not disturbed."

-Romi Ethella. It's Limbo.

Lethe was annoyed.

"You keep talking nonsense! That woman's karma... ...

I suddenly realized.

" ah."

It's Limbo.

What kind of karma could there be for a life that sleeps in the stomach without knowing anything?

'Teacher Etella.' After hearing the message, Shirone found the answer to the riddle she hadn't been able to solve so far.

'Chagall's child... ...

Circumstances were sufficient.

'If the arithmetic system disappears, it becomes impossible to calculate karma. I can get the true sound.'

All that was left was how to break through the situation where almost all the troops in the building were gathered.

"Abandon your lingering feelings, Yahweh. We are still getting stronger. You can't go out here."

"You knew from the beginning, right? How to annihilate the flesh brain, the aborted fetus."

"... ... He didn't lie. If I had known Ethella was pregnant, I would have said differently."

I would have killed her before she even asked.

"die."

As Lethe lit the flame of purification, the sound of a sharp wind was heard from the 13th floor.

"yes?"

A line was drawn on the landscape, and the demon's body across the line began to catch fire.

"Ge, Gehen... ... ! Aaaaaa!"

As the demons turned into fire were absorbed by the great sword, Lian was seen standing outside the door.

"Sorry, Shirone."

Kurung, Kurung, Kurung......

Exterior walls cut back and reattached

I heard the sound of stones rubbing against each other.

"Everyone ran away, Si-ok."

"haha."

Due to the conflict between Havitz and the Wizard, this

A variable has also been created in the cotton world.

'I'm really going crazy.'

Lethe frowned arrogantly.

'That's what was left.'

No matter how strong the demons became, the sword of Gehenna would absorb all the demons.

Humanity's destination (3)

Son Yoo-jung and Morta Singer ran quickly through the warehouse site of the system control branch.

"Move!"

Numerous beasts pursuing in the sky threw black chains to the ground.

"Yoojung! stomach!"

Before he could hear Mortasinger's words, Son Yu-jeong quickly swung two swords.

Sparks flew from the club, and several chains wrapped around her arms and legs.

"Big!"

As Son Yu-jeong felt the power drain from her body, a thick stream of smoke came out of her mouth.

'Dark!'

As she twisted her body and pulled her arms, the black monks came downstairs.

-Keugh! uh, how... ... ?

The Hwa-An Gold Jeong was lit, and the club, red like blood, began to beat the Black Seung's vitals.

"Is the stone monkey happy?"

As the black snake dispersed like smoke, Son Yu-jeong let out a rough breath, drooping her shoulders.

"Sigh. Sigh."

Mortasinger approached.

" It's fine?"

"uh. ... ... no. these are real Honestly, this is the type I hate the most. It doesn't even look like it was beaten."

There was no taste.

"By the way, did you lose your ability too? Hidden peace or something, you know that."

Before entering Satanism, Morta Singh was a regular eating out who divided the space like a puzzle.

"I don't know yet. It is free from Satan's brainwashing, but what is the truth."

"yes. Well, you can think slowly. Let's go. You have to find a way out of hell."

In front of the front gate he arrived at, Son Yu-jeong could not take the last step.

"what's the matter? Aren't you going out?" Son Yoo-jung touched her long orphan.

'I don't memorize the Gingoju. Are you really not calling me? Am I underestimating my abilities? or not... ...

Richera's face screamed.

"What are you thinking about? Let's just go! If you run away, you will never find them!"

"Yoojung."

Mortasinger approached.

"Since I fell for Satan's temptation, I have gone through many things in hell. It ended up like this."

After getting out of the brainwashing, there was a realization.

"The reason I don't deny it is probably because I loved this look so much at one time. Of course, it would be a lie if I said I had no regrets, but I realized the power of my heart. don't fool your mind You don't have to ruin it because of me."

"Malta??????

It was the nickname of Mortasinger.

"I am not going back. I don't mean to leave. do what you want to do."

"What I would like to do."

Son Yoo-jung looked into her heart for the first time.

Lian jumped down.

"It's okay."

As I strode forward with the Daejikdo leaning on my shoulder, the demons hurriedly retreated.

'The chain of Gehenna.'

The moment you brush it, it will burn up.

"Are you okay, Shirone? On the way she heard this groaning noise. What is it exactly?"

Shirone said.

"We have a chance."

"Right. Then what should I do now?"

"Genuine sound."

The explanation was short, but what was important to Lian was where Shirone's zero point was aimed.

"great. Let's go, Shirone."

Lethe fired a spark of purification.

"Don't miss it!"

Demons intervened between dozens of fireballs and aimed at Shirone.

As Lian twisted and swung the sword, the flame of purification disappeared in a flash.

"100 million......

The bodies of the demons, which were split in two, burned with pure demons and permeated the great sword.

"Big!"

Lian, who had cleansed the demon in an instant, glared at the front with his eyes wide open.

Lette shouted.

"no!"

When the jigsaw was inserted into the ground, air bubbles began to rise from the floor of the assembly hall.

"Big!" Lian's face crumpled, and an explosion filled the 11th to 13th floors.

The monsters guarding the warehouse site heard a roar and turned toward the office building.

- Arrest the guilty.

Shirone and Lian jumped out of the building and saw black clouds covering the sky.

It was all black.

"Shirone, that's a bit serious."

There was no time to delay as the agents and demons were chasing them from the side of the office building.

"run!"

Lian asked as they ran.

"You said you were looking for Jinseongeum. If you purify it with the fire of Gehenna, will she really return to reality?"

"There are plenty of possibilities."

After confirming where the black cloud of the black monk was moving, Shirone turned.

he spoke again.

"If the central processing unit is destroyed, it will be impossible to calculate the purification time."

"Isn't that karma gone?"

"When the system is down, anything can happen. Just like the amount stamped on a bank account is not actually money. When the banking system is destroyed, money evaporates."

"... ... Right."

During the conversation, the black monks were only a few hundred meters away.

It was impossible to escape the clouds.

"Sheesh!"

Hokseung stopped at a distance, and agents lined up in the back.

'Can I have no choice but to fight?'

Seeing that Shirone and Lian stopped walking, Lethe gave a meaningful smile.

"Heukseungeun program. It is not purified by Gehenna."

she held out her hand.

"catch."

Since he had already experienced the power of the black monk at the Wailing Wall, Lian bit his teeth.

-You foolish sinner.

The moment the cloud-like monsters flew towards Lian, a hole was punched through.

- Aaaaaa!

The one who left red heat on the outskirts of the hole was Son Yoo-jeong, who was enveloped in smoke from Geun-du.

"Because the weak are always together. I want to lose."

Mortar Singer arrived through the hole, and Son Yu-jeong walked.

"Yahweh, you."

Yeoui pointed at Shirone.

"Why didn't you memorize Gingoju? are you ignoring me? Are you saying you don't need my help?"

"yes."

Son Yoo-jung's eyebrows twitched.

"more than I... ... There are people who need your help. Fight for him."

The monkey's long fangs were exposed.

"shut up. You and Buddha only talk about what is on their lips. Then, if you need me, I will call you. No matter where I am or what I am doing, I can memorize Gingoju... ...

"Why are you here?"

Saying anything to hide the truth didn't work for Shirone.

"If you have already concluded that, why do you come to me and ask me such a thing?"

"this... ... !"

At that moment, the black monks released their chains.

'Hidden Peace!'

When Mortasinger invoked Eating Rules, the landscape was divided into 98 zones.

"done!"

Recovering magic was proof that she had escaped Satan's brainwashing.

As the black monk changed its position like a cube, each chain shot in a different direction.

Mortasinger turned to Shirone and shouted.

"We'll take care of this! hurry!"

'A certain realization.'

It must have been a firm belief that he was able to gain because he had experienced both extremes.

While Lian was dealing with the agent, Shirone turned her attention to Son Yoo-jung.

"Great job. You found the Mortasinger."

"... ... It's not what I did."

"yes. Intelligence is the law to get right in the end. But your role was the biggest."

"What are you saying to me?"

Son Yu-jeong, who had let go of her clothes, shouted out loud.

"I am not a Mortarsinger! No math, no magic, no science, nothing!"

Shirone smiled bitterly and said.

"I don't know either." "Understanding the world is called knowledge, but knowing and knowing that way and arriving at the place... ... In the end, it was ignorance. Because this world started out of nothing."

Shirone approached.

"Intelligence is knowing the unknown. Being able to change oneself by listening to the voices of many people without being obsessed with selfishness."

Just like Mortasinger did.

"You are a raw stone. That's probably why I sent you here. open the door of your heart I'm leaving you to all odds. If you can still choose after that, that would be the true right."

"Really right? open your heart? That

is it that easy? If I looked at all the possibilities, even if I killed people or messed up the world, I would be right?"

"yes."

Shirone said confidently.

"If you had really opened your heart, if you had truly entrusted yourself to all possibilities... ...

He put his index finger on Gingoa.

"Because I would never make that choice."

The long orphan broke with a clicking sound, but Son Yu-jeong was already enchanted.

'Choose... ... Didn't you?'

what is right

Throughout human history, countless people have spoken all kinds of words about being right.

'What is right... ...

If you sit quietly in a room with no one around, close your eyes and look into your heart.

"Just the right thing."

we already know

Tired of the cruelty of reality, fed up with human cruelty, they are just trying to turn a blind eye to it.

"Son Yu-jeong."

Shirone said.

"You saved 1 human from hell. There is no reason to arrest you now." Yujeong, her hand that touched the place where the long orphan was, lifted her head and looked at Shirone.

'Yahweh and Buddha.'

At what point did these two very similar people split up? Son Yu-jung's eyes lit up.

"Kiyi!"

She passed by Shirone's side like lightning and struck the agent.

"Gagging!"

As if the sound had been muted until now, the din of battle surged in.

"go."

Son Yu-jung said with her back.

"No matter what you do, it will be difficult with these guys. I'll take care of it, so you leave."

"please. Lian, let's go!"

Lette screamed as Shirone threw herself.

"Catch Yahweh!"

Son Yoo-jung shouted.

"Mortasinger!"

As if he had been waiting, Mortar Singer moved the two away by eating out.

"damn! What else is this?"

When the puzzle-like space returned, Yahweh had already left the branch.

"Follow me!"

Before the agent who received the instruction could rise 10 centimeters, his face contorted.

Remnants of the woman were filled in the cylindrical depression, followed by the sound of mincing meat.

The agent's body, which had been hit by dozens of bullets in an instant, was bent in a zigzag.

"Turn it off."

As he fell backwards with a thump, Son Yu-jeong exhaled steam and looked back at Lete.

"Where are you going? I want to loosen up a bit now."

Lethe laughed coldly.

"Hmph, there is only one place to go anyway. I will rip off your limbs and chase you."

"Can I really do it? you know? Stone monkeys do not break even if they are crushed by a mountain."

The body of Son Yu-jeong, who connected two sacks of women's clothing in front of her eyes, burned to a golden light.

"Pasahyeonjeong."

It was the true rightness she pursued, breaking the evil and revealing the right.

'sorry. I won't break again

As the amputation disappeared and she was reborn as a woman, Lethe rolled her eyes.

'Jecheondaeseong.'

A long time ago, like now

cheer up

made



Spit out and throw hell into the field... ... .

Son Yoo-jung's face is like a demon

crumpled



all.

"Ki-yi-yi!"

The spread of fragments of light

at the same time

break through



A hole in Lethe's upper body began.

'That crazy monkey!'

Lethe retreating at breakneck speed

A flash of light penetrated his left eye.

Humanity's destination (4)

On the 1.5th floor of Ymir's Mind, Shirone had a dream.

dream of victory.

Time is not important in the dream, but the amount of data he receives is enormous.

Such a huge story.

It was a realization that a man called the first Yora had gained in a terrible tragedy.

The time is around the time when humankind has finished tribal life and started to have a centralized system.

"Whoa, it's hot."

Tyrants abounded, and the life of the ruled was far more miserable than Shirone's world.

A time when many philosophers and seekers raised questions about life and preached their thoughts.

"It's because it's so hard to meet people."

The 20-year-old seeker Jo Ra-han was also wandering the world with the will of seeking the truth in his heart.

He opened the lid of the water bottle and lifted his head, but only a drop of water fell.

"Chuck, chuck."

I was very thirsty from climbing the mountain path, but I couldn't find any water anywhere.

"this... ... Will you die if you do well?" When I said that, I burst out laughing haha.

"Still, it's a good life for me. There are countless lives suffering from tyranny."

war, war again.

The ambitions of those in power knew no bounds, and clashes with other countries occurred every day.

'We have to stop the war.'

Some say the political system and others say the capital system needs to be changed.

'There is a limit to sustaining with the sacrifice of a few. If everyone shows even the slightest consideration, the war will stop.'

He believed in the human mind.

"great! let's go!"

Wouldn't you have to meet someone to preach?

It was two days later that I felt the first hint of misfortune during the exciting hike.

"Huh. Huh." Even though I've been to many remote areas, it was the first time that I was completely isolated like this place.

'Here... ... Where are you?'

Not even those common animals were visible, just trees and grass.

I studied herbalism, but it was the first plant I had ever seen, and yesterday I ate the wrong thing and got diarrhea.

'The dehydration is getting worse.'

Had I lost my mind?

In the consciousness that returned intermittently, Yorahhan seemed to have spent another day.

'Is this how it ends?'

It was unfortunate that he left without being able to express his will, but it was nothing to be unfair about.

'There must be someone, someone who thinks the same as me. alright, what am i saying It wasn't even popular.'

At that time, I couldn't even imagine how close to impossible Yorahhan's dream was.

'It's drowsy.'

Just when I was about to accept eternal sleep, someone called after the sound of stepping on the grass.

"What are you doing here?"

The faces of a beautiful adult man and woman came into Jorahhan's field of vision.

"Sah, man... ...

The hoarse throat was resentful.

"Save people."

After exchanging glances, the man and woman shrugged and asked Yorahhan again.

"How do you save them?"

"Water, some water. something to drink... ... please... ... ask."

"water? Water is in the village."

The woman asked while Jorahhan, who seemed to be out of breath right now, was in despair.

"Can't you stand it?"

I thought what if I couldn't stand it, but I was already nodding my head.

"OK. Just wait a little bit."

The woman closed her eyes.

At first, I thought it was to wish them peace, but soon something amazing happened.

The trees all around swayed and water droplets began to shoot out from the leaves.

'what? Is it a dream?'

It was a time when magic was the exclusive property of the few, so he had no choice but to think that way.

But as water dripped into his gaping mouth, his brain secreted a powerful pleasure substance.

"Sigh. more, more... ...

"Gather some water and give it to us." At the man's suggestion, the woman gathered the leaves and pasted them together with mud to make a bowl.

"Here you are."

When she poured the water, Yorahhan's uvula jerked as if it were about to pop out.

"Sigh."

Can words describe the feeling of that moment?

'I lived.'

fell asleep like that

Hearing laughter from outside, Yora Han slowly lifted her eyelids.

Birds were chirping.

Thinking that it was a bird call he hadn't heard in a while, he jumped up and stood up.

"What, what?"

Looking around, it was a small cabin, and he was lying on a bed of grass.

"Wasn't it a dream?"

As I lowered my feet under the bed, the tent opened and two people entered.

A boy and a girl who looked about 17 years old were beautiful, but it was their sense of smell that stimulated Yorahhan.

'The smell of flowers.'

A person whose body smells like flowers.

They came in with water to wash and were surprised to see Yorahhan waking up.

"uh? are you awake? I will have to tell the chieftain."

"Wait, wait."

When I called urgently, they stopped.

"I'm sorry, but where are you? What happened? Did you guys save me by any chance?"

"Nope. It was my brother and sister who saved me. I need to go talk to the chief, can I go?"

The tone of his question was questionable, but I thought that Jo Ra-han was just a mild-mannered character.

"yes. You even saved my life, I'm so shameless, but could I get you some food?"

When the thirst was over, he was on the verge of starvation.

"Eat... ...

After thinking for a moment, she said.

"ah! There is food that Armand is eating. Can I bring you that?"

"Yeah, thank you. I don't have money right now, but when I get better, I'll do something to pay it back."

Not long after they went outside, a plate of red meat came in.

"Now, eat." Contrary to what he had imagined, the food was raw meat with only the blood washed down with water.

"Well, there are differences in culture from region to region, but it is unique. It would taste better if you grilled it over a fire."

"Hey!"

they flinched

"The fire tribe does not use fire. Fire destroys everything. nature too... ... us too."

"A fire family?"

It was the first name I heard.

In any case, he felt no hostility, so Yorahhan bowed his head to them.

"thanks. I will eat well."

"I... ... Then can we go report to the chief now? I told you to tell me."

"yes?"

Johann blinked his eyes.

"Didn't you come and go?"

"Your brother asked for food. So, of course, he couldn't come and go."

I finally felt strange.

'Something feels subtly different. Is it a culture where caring for others is a top priority?'

if so... ... .

'God brought me here. This is an opportunity to verify my thoughts.'

Yorahhan said while chewing raw meat.

"Okay, go out and see."

After confirming that the tent was closed, he swallowed the raw meat and put on his shoes.

"They say the market is a side dish."

As I quietly slipped out of the cabin, the fire tribesmen were basking in the sunlight and smiling.

'Hmm, it's not a hostile feeling.' The atmosphere completely different from the village he had experienced so far melted the tension.

While looking around the village, feeling the gaze of the fire tribe, he heard a ferocious woman's voice.

"Why are you bringing in humans!" Hearing the high pitched voices common in human society here was extremely alien.

'human. would you say me then... ...

Aren't fire people human?

He walked to the cabin where he heard the sound and looked inside through the windowless window.

'wow.'

All of them were beautiful, but the woman sitting in the chair was more elegant than that.

'It smells good. Is it a lotus flower?'

Chief Lutia said.

"Armand, don't get excited. The fire tribe must help humans. that's the ancestor

It's a will."

Jorahhan saw a woman named Armand.

'scary.'

The ferocious eyes and the rough hair that came down to his waist clearly distinguished him from the rest of the Hwajok.

" human?"

Armand thumped his foot down.

"You know how much those people persecuted us. Isn't that why we have to live hidden deep in the mountains where no one can reach?"

"I am aware of the human danger. But you can't turn a blind eye to it. If we understand and embrace them, they will save us someday."

"I die before then. We will all die."

"Armand."

"When that human wakes up, what are you going to do then? Aren't you afraid to ask of us? Are you going to run away again? Should I abandon the village I've been cultivating for hundreds of years and run away?"

The extreme passivity of the Hwajok is as intense as the human yearning for freedom.

"One will be fine. And we don't have you, Armand."

carnivorous plant extremely rare in nature

To eat meat, you must hunt, which meant that you had an active will.

"... ... It's frustrating. Lutia-sama doesn't know. There are strong people even among humans."

Armand, who fought to protect the Fire Tribe for a long time, never looked down on humans.

"Only ordinary guys can stop it with the small world creation. But if that man is about... ...

Armand, who was pointing outside the village, finally found Yorahhan standing outside the window.

"you!"

Shocked, Yorahhan hid under the window, but Armand immediately jumped out.

"Sin, sorry! sorry!"

Armand grabbed Yorahhan by the collar and dragged him into the cabin.

"Aww!"

"Eavesdropping like a thief! I will kill you!"

Armand grabbed the long sword, the only metal kept in the chief's shelf.

It could not be used for anything other than hunting and combat, but it was not in a position to cover the front and back.

'I've heard all about the Hwajok. If this man even takes advantage of our traits... ...

It will have dire consequences.

Jorahhan held out her hand as the long sword shone bright above her head.

"for a moment! There is nothing to kill!"

"shut up."

Just as he was about to swing the sword, he felt his nerves stiffen from the feet on the ground.

"Armand."

said Ruthia.

"To handle metal without my permission. Aren't humans the only ones who are dangerous to the Fire Tribe?"

The reason why the lotus lineage is the chief is because the power of Sosae Gyechangyu is the strongest.

It was a perfect compromise and persuasion without active or passive because they are connected to each other.

Armand sullenly lowered his sword.

"sorry."

If the reason humans are dangerous lies in the possibility of dying, Armand was not much different.

"Stop going out."

As Armand left the cabin with the sword on the shelf, Lutia approached.

"I'm glad you're okay. Have a seat first."

"Oh, thank you."

Jorahhan, who had already crossed the threshold of death several times, sat down in a chair in a state of fascination.

"As the chieftain, I want to ask you something. How did you get here? There are few animals here, and a lot of poisonous plants grow here, so people don't come here."

It was such a well-groomed village.

"Ah, I am a seeker. He is a person who travels the world and conveys his thoughts. However, it is never unemployed! I know only a few studies... ...

Lutia tilted her head.

"I don't quite understand. Don't all human beings convey their thoughts?"

"Well, that is a special idea. The direction of human beings, how we should live, is the same."

"Hoo."

Ruthia showed interest.

"It is a very unique job. Can you tell me what you think too?"

It was the first time this had happened, so Yorahhan was taken aback.

"Uh, so first of all, the basic is love. Of course, matter can affect people's minds.

change but... ...

Even during the long talk, Lutia was listening without even moving.

"... ... Well, that's it, haha! Actually, I don't talk like this, but I'm out of my mind."

Yorahhan's expression, which had been trembling in a joke, became blank.

"Me, over there?"

Lutia's shoulders trembled as she sat down, and tears flowed down her face.

"okay."

She smiled like a flower in full bloom.

"It must be a very beautiful world."

dark organization (1)

Johann's heart was touched.

'It's not wrong.'

Although he had visited many cities, his ideas were not popular with the public.

'But there are people who know. If someone agrees, it's not wrong.'

Even if they weren't human, they thought it wouldn't matter if they could communicate with each other.

"thank you. Not only did he save my life, but it really helped me a lot."

"You're welcome. The thoughts of the investigator are really great. There is nothing logically wrong."

Yorahhan's worries were there.

'If everyone is a little considerate, the pain disappears. There is no contradiction. But why can't I reach it?'

Because human life itself is a contradiction.

'Convincing them is the reason I exist. OK, let's start over. in this town.'

Johann asked.

"I don't mind, but can I stay for a while? I will help with anything I can."

"Don't talk like that. Please teach the Hwa Tribe a lot. Everyone will listen."

The fire tribe helps humans.

As long as the teachings of someone presumed to be Buddha are passed down through the lotus lineage.

'This person is different. It's different from the humans who bullied us.'

The words of the ancestors came to mind.

-Rutia, you still have to believe. Humans make mistakes, but in the end, they are a species that finds the right path.

Maybe this man... ... .

"Get some rest. You must still feel unwell. I will tell the children."

"thank you."

The conversation between the fire tribe overheard a while ago bothered me, so Yorahhan added.

"Oh, and you don't have to be too nice to me. I'm used to penance. haha!"

Ruthia smiled.

"okay."

Perhaps this was the very small consideration he preached.

"Then I will go back at once. I need to unpack my things, and I want to check my notes."

Johann returned to his cabin.

"Phew, luckily I didn't get wet."

The moment he took a note that he wrote as a diary and memo pad, he tilted the tent again.

"Ahh! It's a surprise!"

Armand stood in front of him.

"you."

"Ah yes."

When I pushed my face in with ferocious eyes, my heart felt as if I had already committed a crime.

"Are you staying in this town?"

"It happened. There will never be any nuisance. I can promise you."

"You know about the fire tribe, right?"

"Oh no! I have a feeling to some extent, but in detail... ... . I've never been a bad person... ... !"

"No matter what you say, I don't believe in human words."

Yohann shut his mouth.

"I will be watching you all day. When you eat, when you go to the bathroom, when you sleep. okay? The moment it goes out of my sight, I think about what will happen."

"A bathroom too?"

I thought it was harsh, but it was understandable if the words about the Hwajok were true.

'A race that cannot deny the demands of others? Seeing them go this far, it's not a lie.'

"Answer?"

After staring at Armand's burning eyes for a while, Jorahhan said as if resigned.

"Yes. If that makes you feel safe."

like that... ... A strange cohabitation began.

Melkidoo inner track.

Shirone's party came here from the 321st space on the outer track, the Pilgrim's Village.

There is also an entrance to outside track 122, but I heard that it is not recommended.

"It arrived sooner than expected."

Nade looked back at the scene in the first compartment he had arrived at on the inner track.

"The city... ... no?"

It was part of the city, to be exact.

Gray buildings stretched endlessly along the horizon, and each section was walled off.

Iruki said.

"It divides the cylindrical structure into 197 cells. If there are non-players on the outside track, this could be run by the admins themselves."

Eden agreed.

"Well, things like items that enhance dice or cause variables in the system are the domain of the manager. But what can I say... ... Is it too blatant?"

Shirone moved on.

"Think of it in terms of getting closer to the core. Seeing that the message doesn't appear, it seems that the mission only occurs in certain situations. The hidden missions we are looking for are probably of that kind."

said Nade.

"It is important to obtain information on purchases, but the most urgent thing is to use points. Current points are approximately 206 million. Since 50 million has to be saved for purchase costs, it can be said that resources are limited. That's at least 50 million."

Iruki nodded.

"Well. Let's assume the enhancement cost and item price under the premise that the more crime points you save, the better."

Upon entering the government office, there was a fork in the left and right where the number 7 was written in large letters.

"One side is system work, the other side is the shopping corner. In other words, strengthening dice and purchasing items."

"First of all, system work."

There was no objection because Curtis advised to strengthen the dice as much as possible.

"welcome. I am the manager of sector 7."

Sitting there was a woman in a neat suit, completely unsuitable for a murderer's resting place.

"Uh, so... ...

"This is your first time. welcome. This is the place to apply for Crime Dice enhancement."

"Yes. how much is it?"

"The basic crime dice is two six-sided dice. Dice enhancements are divided into two categories, you can increase eyes or increase dice objects. The price manager pointed to the price tag on the table.

"It all depends on the grade. In sector 7, only basic enhancement is possible. Please confirm."

The party checked the price tag.

'Ten million points to raise 6 eyes to 7 eyes. 100 million points to go from 7 to 8? The increase is crazy.'

Increasing the dice was even worse.

'100 million points to go from two to three. To raise from 3 to 4... ... One billion points?'

Considering that the price of the key known as the classic route is 10 billion, it was a huge amount.

Nade looked back at Shirone.

"It's serious."

"yes. Mr. Curtis had one octahedron and two hexahedrons. That's why I spent a whopping 210 million points on enhancement."

It exceeded the points Shirone had.

The manager intervened.

"Strengthening is really important. No matter how good the item is, if the crime dice are weak, the efficiency will drop." Eden said.

"But why is Mr. Curtis so hardened? Wouldn't it be more effective to change all 3 dice into 7-sided ones?"

Iruki rested his chin.

"... ... It's a double."

"double?"

"yes. No matter how many dice you have, if you get two of the same number, a double roll is triggered. Yes?"

The manager nodded.

"Yes. you're right."

"Thus, as the number of dice increases, the probability of getting a double increases. It only takes 2 out of 3 or 2 out of 4. On the other hand, if the number of eyes on the dice increases, "The probability drops rather. Because the number of variables that can determine a double increases."

"That's right. It's a trivial probability, but it's a huge difference in Melkidu, where dice are everything. A difference worth paying another 80 million points. After all, it's not a good thing to blindly widen your eyes. Rather, what matters is the number of dice."

Although that is the truth.

'We don't care. No, Shirone doesn't matter. I can manipulate any number.'

Shirone was thinking the same thing

'Hmm. I have to give 100 million anyway and get one more die fl. Because 2 and 3 are different. Then going 7, 7, 7 is 1 more profitable than the total.'

It's just 1, but that 1 will someday become a thousand and ten thousand, which will determine victory or defeat.

Iruki asked.

"Is there a build you would like to recommend?"

"Every build has pros and cons. Depending on the user's inclination, it may be divided, and the strategy and tactics change depending on which item is mainly operated. For example, the item called Bonanza is

The largest number minus the smallest number is cubed. In that case, the dice with an asymmetric balance will get a higher number with probability."

"Hmm, I guess I need to know about items. But from what I've heard, it's not as efficient as Wind God."

Convert all pluses to multiplications.

"Whoops, Wind God is a high-end item. While there are users who play with a few high-end items, there are also users who compete with a lot of low-level items. For the latter user, the Bonanza has a very good value for money."

the manager continued.

"So the only hint I can give you is information based on statistics. The largest 17 percent of Melki-Doo's 3Dice users are using builds 8, 6, and 6. This means that users have different tastes. The characteristics of 8, 6, and 6 are that stable tactical operation is possible and compatibility with items is good. However, 7, 6, and 6 are the limit here, so if you want to strengthen from 7 to 8, you have to go to sector 40 or higher."

"Something like that."

Iruki nodded.

"There are two entrances for pilgrims on the outer track. 122 and 321. But if you go into number 122, you go backwards from inner track number 197. In that case, you may not be able to buy the items you really need because you buy expensive items in the beginning. You can also make mistakes in reinforcement." Eden said.

"But it doesn't matter if you're a veteran who already has the item or the dice have been strengthened, even if you go backwards."

"right. So, this is a structure to prevent beginner's luck. If you are lucky enough to enter the inner track early on and buy certain items, the snowball effect will continue to widen the gap."

Nade grumbled.

"For a game that kills people, this is annoyingly reasonable. Do you mean to kill me fairly?"

The manager listened as a compliment.

"thank you. The fast-track strategy you just mentioned was also popular at one time. You have to regurgitate 197 squares, but you can buy items anyway, and if you go around one turn, you get to 321, a high difficulty zone. Of course, to use this strategy, the user's skills must be excellent, but... ...

In Shirone's opinion, it was a strategy worth trying on the second cycle.

Manager alerted.

"Has this been explained enough? Then I'll help you with the reinforcement work. There are two ways to do reinforcement. One, pay all points. Two, discount points."

The group blinked.

"Can I get a discount? What, is it like a holiday event?"

"This is a system for users. If you convince me, I can boost my crime dice with 20 percent off the set points."

"Twenty percent?"

It was larger than expected.

'Assuming that I increase one more dice with 100 million, I can save 20 million.'

Nade asked.

"How can I convince you? Can we talk over a cup of tea?"

"Whoops, no."

The manager gave a cool smile.

"Dice, of course."

On the inside track, Curtis's words that dice are king came to mind.

Dark Organization (2)

said the manager.

"Managers are non-players. It belongs to the parent, but it is part of the system. Therefore, emotions are also a system. If you get an edge at Crime Dice, you can convince me."

If the human mind is probability, the manager's mind is the probability of the law.

"However, the method of persuasion differs depending on the personality of the manager. There are various personalities such as honesty, cool-headedness, positivity, and criticism. In my case, it belongs to the positive. If the number of crime dice is high, I will be persuaded."

"Is it enough to win just once?"

"Even with the same personality, there is a difference in degree. In my case, one defeat shows a 40% emotional change. If it exceeds 100 percent, persuasion is complete."

It ended with a simple three-game winning streak.

'Shirone will at least win a draw. Then the remaining two are the key.'

Shirone asked.

"What are we responsible for?"

"If you attempt persuasion, 1 million crime points will be deducted for each die roll. also... ... Currently, your crime points continue to decrease."

Iruki confirmed.

"About 10,000 points missing. It seems to be a device to prevent stealth strategies on the inside track."

"Even so, this is a place where criminals cannot enter. Even so, they respond to you because crime points are deducted. If your crime points reach 0, I will change my personality to hostile and call the guards."

added the manager.

"This is a rule that applies to all administrators under the royal castle in Melkidu. If you run into guards outside the track, your crime points will be deducted."

Shirone asked.

"The crime points required for persuasion, that is, the points for rolling the dice, are different for each manager, right?"

"Yes. Depending on the personality and degree of personality, the points deducted are set differently."

Shirone turned her head.

"it's okay. Let's go out at once."

After escaping from the system department with her friends, Shirone suddenly stopped walking.

"I get it roughly."

" What?"

"A hidden mission. I think I got a feel for how the buying program works."

Shirone raised her index finger.

"Changes the manager's emotions into dice. Call this persuasion. And each manager requires a different crime point. What struck me was this. Why did Mr. Curtis say he needed at least 50 million? At first, I thought it was a condition for acquiring an item, but it wasn't."

Eden said.

"It's persuasion. It was to convince someone in the government office. The cost is at least 50 million."

"yes. Depending on what kind of character you are, the rules will be different. Anyway, 50 million will be enough if you win at once, but if the game is long, you will need more points than that."

Nade stuck out his tongue.

"Even if it's five consecutive victories, it's not enough to roll the dice once, right? Can you really say this?"

Iruki said.

"On the other hand, the units are large, so there is no confusion. There's no point for us to try twice anyway. Besides, if it's a dice game, it's absolutely necessary to strengthen the dice. Let's start with the type and price of the item. Even while doing this, points are deducted."

Literally, time was the point, so they moved quickly to the shopping corner.

Vending machines were sparsely placed, and there were three shops run by non-players.

Eden checked the vending machine.

"Looks like you can change the type of crime dice here. Shape, color, material, eyes. They come in a variety of designs, and some have jewels in their eyes. But it's pretty. Modify

Sapphire on dice."

" How much is it?"

Eden read it as it is.

"3.7 million points. In addition, unconvincing."

"now! Let's work, work."

Eden smiled as Nade turned to the store without looking back.

"Who wants to buy it?"

Upon entering the first store, a man in his mid-thirties wearing glasses greeted them.

"This is an item shop specializing in strengthening dice."

Cards were placed instead of objects,

Items related to the eyes of the dice were lined up.

"There are surprisingly many."

"Beginners are like that. To buy high-end items, you must be at least in the 100th sector."

"Aren't beginners sold there?"

"That's right. There are commercial morals here too, but you shouldn't do business that way."

The setting is, but everyone knew that it was to prevent fast track.

"After all, you have to buy something. Because you can't buy it in the second half." Nade muttered that and looked at the item.

"Guts. sprint. Runner's High."

It was the effect of +1 for one face of a die, +1 for all faces of a die, and +3 for one face of a die.

"Sprinting is fine. In fact, one-time items have a high probability of failure due to the nature of the dice. In that sense, sprinting is more stable than Runner's High."

The price of 800,000 points was also reasonable. Shirone asked.

"Are they only selling dice-enhancing items here?"

"Yes. Shopping corners are broadly classified into four categories. An item that strengthens the face of the dice. An item that enhances the dice calculation. Items unrelated to dice, usually movement items. And finally, vending machines."

There were quite a few items besides what Nade looked at, but Shirone wasn't interested.

"Can you convince me?"

"haha! Sure. If you convince me, I'll cut the price of the item by 5%. My personality is critical, and I play odds and evens. 100,000 points per episode."

The discount rate also seemed to vary depending on the manager's personality, but it wasn't the answer Shirone wanted to hear.

"No, not that."

"Yes?"

"A dark organization. I heard there is a buyout program going into Melkidoo's core."

The friends who scattered to look at the items looked back at Shirone and the merchant at the same time.

The merchant, who was lost in deep thought for a moment, burst out laughing and shrugged.

"Well, do I really know? The only way to confirm is to convince me."

Shirone was convinced.

'Persuasion applies in all cases. It is not necessarily used only to discount items.'

said the merchant.

"I am a critical person, and the rules are odd and even. 20 million points per attempt."

The group's eyes widened.

"Yes? Twenty million points?"

You have to bet 20 million points in a situation where you can't even be sure of the information.

'It was something like this. Not just anyone can open the back door. If you do this, you will quickly lose points. This is probably how Mr. Curtis got his information.'

The result was bankruptcy.

As the party hesitated, the man pointed to Eden and said,

"But if it's that cute girl, I'll give you 10,000,000 points off. Will you try to convince me?"

Shirone blinked.

'wait for a sec. this... ...

"think carefully. there's no other chance like this It only takes this much point to convince me... ...

"I'll come next time."

While the merchant stared blankly at them, Shirone pushed the backs of his friends outside.

"what? what's the matter? just a hint

I found it."

"I was mistaken."

Shirone said.

"I thought it was just a system. I mean persuasion. But that merchant has feelings just like the rest of us. It is only that the change in emotions is accomplished through the law."

"therefore?"

"Let's go to the next store."

When I entered the store next door, a woman with a tattoo on her right arm greeted me.

"welcome. This is an arithmetic enhancement item shop."

Melkidu smiled as a young person for her average age entered.

"hi? Are you having fun?" Shirone said.

"Uh, that's okay."

There was an item that could change the dice operation symbol inside the glass shelf.

'Bonanza. Death Gross. The accountant's illusion.'

Although not as definite as the Wind God, they were items that glowed as they were used.

Shirone checked the price and asked.

"We are looking for a buyout program going into Melkidoo. Can you convince me?"

"oh."

She didn't even think.

"If that's the case, you should definitely come to me. My personality is hot-tempered, and my rule is a set number. 20 million points per episode."

Shirone said skillfully.

"It's too expensive, so I think we have to think about it. Instead, I want to be your lover."

"Hey, hey."

My friends looked at me with absurd eyes, but the woman grinned as if she was having fun.

"Whoa, you want to seduce me? Well, there are more discounts between lovers. therefore... ... you?" Shirone clenched his fists.

' done.'

If it was just a mechanical feeling, it was advantageous to increase the ratio of the opposite sex.

"well. I think all three of us like it. Perhaps the points required for each episode are different, right?"

"Of course it is. Let's see. If you want to be a lover with me, you have 1 million points for blonde hair."

Pointing at Shirone, she recited points in the order of Nade, Iruki, and Eden.

"You are 4 million. 2 million here. This child is 3 million."

Nade raised his hand.

"wait for a sec. Apart from Shirone, how can I be more expensive than Iruki? Even Eden is a woman, does it make sense that there are 3 million?"

"Ho Ho! How is it? Taste is free."

Shirone didn't expect it either.

While Nade was speechless, Iruki stepped forward.

"I'll do it."

Since the final match had to be played by Shirone, it was necessary to turn around before that.

"Love it. Please accept my heart." The merchant nodded her head.

"I will use 2 dice. Say four different numbers from 2 to 12, and the one with that number wins. If you don't take it, you lose. If both are equal, it is a draw once more. Points are deducted, of course." Iruki pursed his lips.

"Tell me first."

It was good to avoid the same number because in case of a draw, I had to pay 2 million points more.

"Well. I'll choose 4, 7, 9, 12."

"Then I am 3, 5, 8, 11." The landscape disappeared, and the phase space for making dice was wide open.

'Any hand technique is impossible here.'

Except for Shirone.

"Goes."

When Iruki bet on the match, the merchant threw the dice high without waiting.

The merchant's dice were 6, and Iruki's was 3.

"I won."

When Iruki's victory was confirmed, the topological space disappeared and returned to the shop scene.

A blush bloomed on the merchant's face.

"My heart was pounding from the first time I saw you. Alright, let's go out."

A frightening attitude change.

'If you win the dice, everything is possible. On the inside track, dice is really king.'

she said with a happy face.

"Where will the date go? You can close the store."

Even at this moment, the points were decreasing, so there was no time to waste.

"Before that, let me ask you something. Shouldn't we first know the name and age?"

"Oh, yes. i'm kara is twenty-eight years old. I'm older than you, but... ... Because we are lovers now."

Iruki's eyes grew cold.

'If you succeed in persuasion, this much information will be provided. It wasn't an easy match though.'

Iruki was lucky in that the odds of a draw were greater.

"Okay, then let me ask you one more question. About the buyout program I mentioned earlier... ...

Kara's face hardened.

"I'm not asking you to tell me. I just want to know if you are sure you have the information."

"Sigh. What should I do... Really."

As the group watched, she sighed and suddenly raised her head.

"yes."

And he said it over and over again.

"I have it, information."

Dark Organization (3)

Iruki looked back at his friends and asked.

"Then, if that information... ...

"No no! I can't tell you anything more. If you tell me this... ... No, no."

If you couldn't tell even with feelings of love, it was highly likely that it was related to your personal life.

Iruki shook his head.

"Can you still tell me? Trust me. I will protect you if you are in danger."

Kara covered her cheeks with both hands.

"How to. It's so cool."

While Nade pouted his lower lip, Shirone waited hopefully.

"Sorry. I... ...

As she cried and suffered, Iruki meekly stepped back.

"Do you think this is it? Ah. It is impossible to create a variable outside of the dice product."

Since he had no feelings for Kara in the first place, he remained calm even in front of the person concerned.

Eden said.

"It's a good start, though. Because I finished with 2 million. If I hadn't been lucky, I would have entered over 10 million."

"Mr. Curtis is not broke for nothing. What should I do? Shall we visit the next store?"

Shirone said.

"Let's do it here. As Eden said, a lot of points go into drawing favor from the other person. This is your chance. Be it porridge or rice... ...

We have to win here.

"Mr. Kara, I want to get information about the buyout program. If you know anything, please tell me."

Kara's expression changed.

"It is true that I have information, but I can never reveal it. To convince me, the rule is that you have to pay 10 million points per round."

'Half was cut.'

It must have been an accomplice effect to Iruki's persuasion.

"Okay, I'll convince you."

"I will use 2 dice. From 2 to 12, say one number and win if you get the same number."

"One number?"

It was a level of difficulty increase.

'To express it emotionally, it means that it is a secret that I want to hide as much as it is. Honestly, it's chilling down my spine.'

Even though the rules seemed to apply equally, there was actually a blind spot in this match.

'Even if it ends in a draw, the manager has nothing to lose. After all, it is an extremely difficult probability to win.'

Of course, it was by the standard of the general public.

"like. I choose 7."

"I am 4."

Two people roll a die in phase space.

'Quantum decay.'

As the probability of the dice thrown by Shirone was eliminated, the eyes of 3 and 4 came out.

Kara was 11.

'I won.'

While the friends clenched their fists, Kara at the counter had a dazed expression. A huge shock... ... such feelings.

"after."

Her legs gave way, she sat down in a chair and the corners of her mouth trembled.

"OK got it. I can't do it when it comes out like this. Baby friend, are you really that great?"

"My friend is a bit strong."

It was just a throw of the dice, but it was not wrong because it was controlled with the skill of the mind.

"great. I don't know too much about it either. Of course, if I reveal even this, my life will be in danger."

A blue light came into Kara's eyes.

"All I know is... ...

'The mode has changed.'

Real-time keywords not stored in the primary database popped out of my mouth.

"Corcoras."

Shirone nodded.

'Right.'

Kara, who came back with a bright expression as if she had never done that before, said with a smile.

"That's all. I'm sorry, honey. I wanted to help. now... ... Are you leaving?"

Even if it was a mechanical emotion, it was bound to be confusing if it came out this way.

"let's go."

Iruki turned coldly.

"Hey, wouldn't it be nice to say goodbye though? Strangely, I feel bad."

"So you are going."

After all, if you think it was a game of dice, only humans will be hurt.

"Let's go on a date next time."

Kara's face didn't seem to have any expression, so the party couldn't look back.

Shirone spoke at the entrance of sector 7.

"Corcoras. That's the name of the landfill Mr. Curtis said. Mr. Pena is waiting for you."

said Nade.

"Well, I think this is great information. Mr. Curtis wouldn't have even bothered to persuade me this far. Anyway, let's not persuade the hot-tempered in the future. The rules are too hard."

Iruki agreed.

"Without quantum collapse, even if you try 12 times, you can't guarantee it. That alone will cost you 240 million points."

Eden patted his lips.

"Hmm, but isn't that an impossible figure for a point conglomerate? If you're lucky... ... yes?"

lucky.

From Eden's surprised expression, Shirone realized too.

"I see. You said there are two ways to enter the core. Collect 10 billion points to buy a key, or get lucky."

said Nade.

"So there was no third route from the beginning. This is one of the official strategies."

Iruki rested his chin.

"Certainly there is a point. Collecting 10 billion and persuading using points. The core of the outer and inner tracks respectively. In terms of difficulty, I think it's on par."

Eden added.

"On the other hand, persuasion is absolutely advantageous for us. If you have to be lucky, we control that luck. Our team will be the only ones challenging to buy at just 200 million won."

Nade smiled.

"Mr. Curtis did the right thing. If we meet later, we should buy some food."

He must have suffered in prison

"Okay, let's get him out quickly. First of all, it's to strengthen the dice. Persuasion allows you to buy more items. The first thing you need to prepare is loss of motivation, and then enter the royal road. Of course, I have to leave 50 million points."

Nade shouted as the plan was devised.

"great! Let's go!"

Corcoras.

The place called the landfill was an island where all the garbage of Mel Kidu was dumped.

Of course, users use garbage instead of nominations.

There was a different reason for using the term pre-landfill.

This is because this is the place where the worst criminals, human scum, are gathered in Melkidoo.

"... ... Hooooooo!"

A flash of golden light curved and landed on the white sandy beach of an island floating in the open sea.

Nade's voice disappeared, and Shiro and the others looked around the sandy beach.

"Ugh, the smell."

Garbage was dumped everywhere.

"Looking at the coastline, it's a fairly large island. It will take some time to find Pena."

"I have to stay for a day when I get here anyway. Depending on the information, we may stay longer."

On the way into the island, all sorts of junk were piled up like a mountain.

"Is there a store? We need to get food from the sea, but the fishermen are nowhere to be seen."

Iruki said.

"Miss Pena said, if I come too late, you'll see me at the table. They say she sells human flesh."

"Ugh w

Just as Eden shuddered, a group emerged from the garbage heap.

"haha. You are here, you are here."

They were men with tattoos all over their bodies and wearing short sleeves with holes in them.

"You guys, do you know where this is?"

"It's a landfill."

"no no. This is Corcoras. In short, it is a place where everything you own is stolen."

It didn't look particularly strong, but Shiro and the others were also using a lot of points.

said the leader.

"Give me one minute. Put down all your items and get down on your knees. If you have something expensive, it will save your life."

Eden carefully examined the different types of emblems on the man's forearm.

'Is that??????

the nerds shouted.

"What are you doing? don't you hurry up? Do you really want to die?"

They were ready to attack at any moment with their swords, but Shirone and the others remained calm.

"Ku-k-k-k! Quit-quick-quick! Whoa! Whoops!"

As if he hadn't laughed much, the leader scratched his neck and vomited a harsh cough.

"If you don't have a swollen liver, you're a rookie. Not knowing the notoriety of Corcoras

I see you."

The ronin came.

"It would be a pity if you believed in the point and installed it. Each special area has its own characteristics. Corcoras can't use points. Instead, you can kill the user as much as you like. In short, it is a player-kill free zone."

"The points are not deducted?"

"haha! yes. I'm saying there's nothing wrong with slaughtering you. Then slowly??

Nade patted his fist.

"Damn it! Was it like that? You were nervous for no reason."

As the incarnation of the god of thunder wrapped around his body, the ronin pointed at him with a dazed expression.

"Hey you... ... Electricity runs through your body."

"Know."

The white sandy beach on the west side of the island sparkled and shone.

1 minute later.

"Buy, buy, please. I was wrong."

convulsive with twisted limbs

Five people lay on the sandy beach and teased each other.

"you."

When Nade approaches, they find a live fish.

Rum dreamed.

"Hee! Sin, sorry!"

"Let's ask something. Has a woman named Pena ever been here? She's a bit shorter than me, and she's skinny. I did it three days ago, this time."

"Oh, no. I didn't see it."

Even after answering, the leader raised his head, perhaps feeling uneasy.

"I haven't really seen a woman. There is another destination other than here, and she must have gone there."

"You have another one?"

"Yes Yes. The sandy beach to the east."

Shirone asked.

"Who is guarding it?"

"No, no. East and west, we are all in our control. There is no other guy."

Eden asked.

"What are you holding on to?"

"Uh, so... ... Garbage here." Shirone looked back at her friends.

"It must be a robber only targeting beginners. There was this type of high gear too, Tenman."

Nade frowned.

"You know, there are people who step on people who are trying to do something from the beginning. Anyway, it's pitiful."

Nangin's pride was hurt, but he couldn't show his crumpled face to Nade.

Shirone asked.

"Why live in a place full of garbage? Wouldn't there be living space inside the island?"

"It's a lawless area. The three major gangs are in control, so if you get caught the wrong way, it really hurts."

Eden said.

"Red Union. Desperado. Johan Cartel."

Nade turned his head.

"I know?"

"The emblem engraved on both arms of that man. It's a well-known criminal organization in real life."

"I'm hearing it for the first time."

"Of course you guys who are active worldwide don't know. It's a criminal organization, in fact it's just a corporate thug. It's about setting up a small city as a base. Shirone might know."

"yes. Even if we never met in person." She remained with Omega.

"I know a bit about this floor because Yora assists with police work during missions. You can't think of the world's top 10 guild scale like the parrot mercenary. There are very few strong people, and if a magician is an unofficial level 10, he will use some strength."

"They are wild dogs."

Eden looked back at the leader.

"But cruelty is second to none. The fact that the three emblems were stamped proves that he betrayed the organization and moved around. In other words, they ran away here."

Iruki said.

"It's better. Just robbing the gang will give us the information we're looking for."

"what? Come to think of it......

Nade approached the kneeling leader and touched the crown of his head.

"You know everything? The 3rd gang."

"Yes?????? Yes."

The leader closed his eyes and answered as the electricity was already flowing.

Dark Organization (4)

Anyway, since the ronins were also being chased by the 3 major gangs, there was nothing to hide.

"The most influential is the Desperado organization... ...

After explaining the power chart for about 10 minutes, he even revealed the number of members and the name of the leader.

Eden said.

"The bosses are wanted in reality. But how do you not run out of food while fighting a war every day? The corpses of the deceased would not be enough."

"I don't know that far. It seemed like they were getting food from somewhere."

The leader pointed to the sea.

"This area is all garbage, and the pollutants are spreading, so the only thing you can catch is rotten fish. The distant sea doesn't even exist. But strangely, there are occasional large ships docked there. It seems to be getting supplies from there. In fact... ... It is not an exaggeration to say that the war between gangs is to occupy this place."

"Ship?"

The outer tracks are space-separated, so no means of transportation is required to go anywhere.

'The organization of darkness. Also... ... Someone here is making contact with the manager.'

the leader spoke.

"In fact, food is incidental, and the real supply is weapons. They call it a machine gun."

"Machine gun?"

"Yes. This is very strange, but the sound is very loud. All you have to do is pull the trigger... ...

Watching him make a tu-tu-tu-tu sound with his mouth, Shirone thought of high gear.

'It's a firearm.'

An item that does not reach the essence of magic, but can kill people without any effort.

Even the feeling of guilt weakens.

'When things change, the philosophy of the times also changes. It's a perfect fit for Melkidoo.'

Nade asked.

"I understand the situation roughly. But why are you guys betraying like that?"

"I was good at one time too. Until they were all robbed at the gambling house. I evaded security, but this is just food unless you join a gang. So I was forced to sign up. So, once I signed up... ...

"Did you?"

"I was so scared that I ran away." "Those guys are not people. If it's wrong, just pull it out and throw it away. At first, I joined Desperado, but it was too bloody, so I switched to Red Union. But it was also a den of madmen. So I went to the Johan Cartel... ...

The leader's face turned pale.

"just... ... Hell. All three gangs are hell. Do you know? It wasn't betrayal, it was running away. If you move on to another organization, that organization will protect you, but now you have nowhere to return to. That's why I live here."

"Is that more pathetic?"

"haha!"

He suddenly straightened his shoulders, as if he remembered the days when he had the power of the gang.

"7} You will know why you had to run away. I warn you, those guys...

The leader showed his face to Nade.

"They are real bad guys."

Nade slapped him in the face as he strained his eyes as if he were the bad guy himself.

"Ouch! Why are you hitting me!"

"You are laughing. How are you guys different? Just a little while ago, robbery was going to be done."

Nade got up from his seat.

"What are you going to do? Shall we rob Desperado first? They say it's the biggest of the gang."

Eden said.

"That's nice too, but you don't know where Mr. Pena is. Let's go in and see the situation."

"but."

Nade said to Rongin.

"You guys, stop going. Don't do bad things in the future. Just roll the dice and get out."

"there??????

The leader approached, kneeling.

"I have a good idea, would you like to form a gang? I will take you as my brother."

The power of the machine gun was great, but it was nothing compared to magic that handles electricity.

'If you use these guys, it's not a job to take control of all three gangs. Then me too... ...

Nade crushed his hopes.

"it's okay. We'll take care of it."

"Stop that and listen to me. If you use my quick information on the 3 gangs... ...

"I'm warning you."

Nade stopped talking.

"Never see me again. We're a bit busy with our schedules, so we're just letting it go. Go quickly."

The leader bet on the match here because he was the one who had to dig through the garbage anyway.

"This kind of food is not good. Because we are the ones who have nothing to lose. can you handle it? In the future, with all sorts of schemes and schemes, you... ...

"Can't you turn off soon?"

Electricity came into Nade's eyes.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The screaming ronins twisted their bodies at the same time and ran as if they were crawling on the sandy beach.

Nade said, straining his eyes.

"Things that don't make sense, anyway, learn only the bad things. You should do it to someone who can work through threats."

Nade, Iruki, and Eden were also strong, but Shirone was the strongest magician in mankind.

"it's okay. let's hurry. Because I am hungry."

While Iruki led the way, Eden, who was following behind, added a word.

"I will not eat meat."

After passing through the garbage heaps and entering the island, the grim scene of the city greeted me.

Bullet marks were engraved on each building, and some buildings were left half-collapsed.

The main streets were occupied by armed men, while the alleys were huddled by vagrants.

"I guess each gang has a separate area to manage. You can see the Red Union emblem in common."

"Yeah. Some have 2 or 3 engravings. It seems there are a lot of the same type as the ronin."

"How is it over there?"

When I pointed to a signboard that had a neon sign shining from daytime, my friends agreed.

"Because a bar is like a public facility for a gang. I want you to sell something to eat."

"You can't use points here. They say you need to provide items or equivalent labor."

"Let's go. You can trade for cheap items."

As I opened the door to the bar and entered, the shirtless gang turned their heads at the same time.

"What is that?"

It was the first face I saw in Corcoras, and the fact that I was young removed my guard.

'It's my turn to step out.' This time, the newly joined Red Union newcomer aimed a machine gun at the party.

"Hey, what are you guys doing? Where do you belong?"

"I have a question for you."

When Shirone spoke directly, the newcomer raised a corner of his mouth wickedly.

"Keuk, then you're welcome. Ask anything. However, the price will be a bit high."

He looked back to Eden.

"Okay, the price I want is... ...

"Whoa."

Thinking that it was not possible to solve the problem through dialogue, the moment Ned was about to step out, he heard a voice from the second floor.

"stop."

The Red Union's action leader was looking down the hall with a displeased expression.

"Ah, brother. Are you here?"

The newcomer greeted politely, but the action commander's eyes turned to death.

"Brother, why... ...

"it's okay. take it this way Please come up."

When Shirone and the others climbed the stairs and entered the room, the newcomer returned with a tilt of his head.

"Why are you angry, brother? Ouch!" The senior I was waiting for was slapped on the back of the head.

"Senior, why are you like that?"

"Shut up, sit down and have a drink. You are using the best luck of your life right now."

The newcomer touched the back of his head and asked.

"Do you know someone?"

"do not know. It's the first time I see your face But shouldn't you know that if you touch it, you will be fucked?"

"They just seem like docile kids."

"Don't look at the face, look at the eyes. Guys like us will do anything to make a living. There's nothing I don't like, nothing dirty. Do you know what eyes are called?"

"well. gang?"

"Eyes of the Beast."

The senior passed the strong drink at once.

"You have eyes that are cloudy but sad, cold but frustrated. But they are different. Those are the eyes of those who protected them to the end. It's not that they give up just because it sucks, they're the ones who got through it and climbed up." The old man laughed bitterly.

"Wild dogs like us have to be careful with those eyes. Even if there is nothing scary in the world, you should be afraid of the world itself, bastard."

The newcomer turned his head.

"What does that mean?"

The senior kept his mouth firmly shut and just filled an empty glass with alcohol.

"Forgive me for the rudeness."

In the special room on the second floor, the Red Union's captain poured alcohol for Shirone and the others.

"The best drink in the store."

"Did someone named Pena come? No, has she ever recruited a woman lately?"

"Are you a cop?"

When Shirone and the others were silent, he continued.

"I did not join the Red Union. Also, according to my information, no women have recently joined any of the three major gangs. If you lied about your gender, you wouldn't know."

"Hmm, it doesn't seem to be in the gang." the action leader said.

"I will prepare dinner. The captain will come and see you. I will serve you properly."

There was no time for that.

"That's all right. There's one more question I'd like to ask you. About the buyout program."

The action leader smiled.

"I have nothing to say about that. Let's talk to the captain."

That would be a good method, but more than anything, I was worried about Pena's safety.

'Not being in a gang means being on the streets. If you've been hiding for three days already... ...

Shirone stood up.

"I will go back today. Come back."

Knowing that there was no way to stop them, the commander of the action bowed down.

"Please stop by. And if I ask you one thing, don't even think about joining hands with other organizations."

he raised his head

"I know you are strong. But the fire moth prefers fire over life."

It meant fighting to the death.

"I will think about it."

Shirone and the others, who did not listen, left the steamy cups and left the room.

The action leader with his upper body erect took a cigarette.

"Damn it."

From a very long time ago, a religious message from Corcoras came to mind.

"Why is it now?"

Shirone and the others walked the streets.

"What happened to Pena-san? Didn't she come in the first place? I'm scared."

There was no possibility at all.

"It is not the time to make hasty decisions. If you're not in a gang, look for bums..."

"you!"

The hooded person grabbed Shirone's arm.

"Ahh! It's a surprise!"

Frowning at the terrible stench for a while, Shirone looked at the face inside the hood.

"Mr. Pena?"

Pena's face turned into a tear-stain.

"Hey, why are you so late? I thought you were afraid to die."

"... ... it's okay?"

It must have been hidden in a pile of garbage, and not only did it smell bad, but it also had grime all over its body.

"You look okay! I haven't eaten anything for 3 days. Menstruation was just done on clothes."

Nade asked absurdly.

"Why did you do that? I have to go to the bathroom."

"And what if you get caught? It is best to do nothing at this time. It's the same as dying if you guys don't come anyway. I didn't move anything except my fingers and toes." It is the survival method of the weakest in nature, but being able to do it was also strong.

"thank you for your effort. Come on."

"I'm really sad. I need to buy you something delicious. I heard a lot of advanced information. huh? Can I order something expensive?"

said Nade.

"Shouldn't you wash up before that? Even the appetite I didn't have seemed to run away."

"There's nothing I can't say to a lady."

When Pena threw off her coat, Nade, covered in the cloak, struggled like a ghost.

"Aww! Why don't you take this off!"

"Puhahaha!"

It was fortunate that Pena was unharmed.

Dark Organization (5)

"Rinse first. If we go on like this, no restaurant will accept us."

Ned, who barely escaped from Pena's cloak, said, but there was no place to wash.

"I have a good idea."

Shirone, who went into an uninhabited place, made a simple bath with the ability of the material.

Pena's eyes widened.

"How did you do it?"

"It is such an ability. Corcoras does not use points, so this is possible."

The explanation was short, but Pena didn't care.

"I'll be back soon!"

In the bathroom she entered, she heard the sound of drinking water.

When Shirone's face turned pale, Iruki asked.

"What happened? With your abilities, going to a bathroom like this wouldn't be a job."

"yes. It is, but... ...

It was the aftermath of the current construction of the Shirone Spear on the sun side.

Simultaneous events are not divisions, so any Shirone can exist 100%.

'But Armand is not me. I cover it with mental power, but there is a limit to the availability.'

As the silence grew longer, Iruki realized.

'Something serious has happened.'

The reason we can't dig deeper is because knowing doesn't help.

'We experience Melkidu, but to Shirone, it's just an incident.' He would still have everything under control.

'Cheer up, Shirone.'

Shirone's heart was moved by Iruki's hand, which silently slapped her on the back.

'thanks.'

You probably don't know.

Among the many simultaneous incidents, this is the only place where you can laugh.

It wasn't because his friends were strong, or because Melkidu was more comfortable than other places.

'It's okay to fail.'

To his friends, he is not an infinite wizard, the five great stars of the ivory tower, or Yahweh responsible for the fate of mankind... ... .

'It's just Shirone.'

She is only Shirone, an alumnus of Alpheas Magic School.

'Sometimes I'm sensitive, and sometimes I'm consistent, but my friends don't see me differently.'

It's probably because they even understand the cause.

While feeling at ease after a long time, Pena came out of the bath shaking her hair.

"I will live for a while now. let's hurry. I'm hungry."

Shirone smiled.

"Yes." Shirone and the others went into a nearby restaurant.

"How is Mr. Curtis?" Fena, who was hastily putting food in, coughed and drank her water.

"Yeah, that. Great. He must have been pretty good. The crimes I have committed so far have been so serious that I have not been able to go anywhere else and have been imprisoned in Parme, the capital. It is a top-notch prison."

It didn't seem to go well.

"Thanks to you, I was less bothered. By the way... ... My heart broke at the thought of meeting you guys. I just need to be in the capital, but there's no way to contact them. Crying and eating mustard, I came here using my loss of motivation."

Shirone comforted him.

"It wasn't a loss. We had to come here anyway. I think there is a buying hint here."

"yes? Hmm, well. If there really is a dark organization, there's no better fit than here. I watched it from the trash heap, and it was really no joke."

"What did you see?"

"Dismemberment of the body. I knew what kind of pork they were using. I heard you kicked your feet without blinking an eye. But thanks, I got some information. About the three major gangs."

Pena's explanation was similar to what they had heard, but the information was up-to-date.

"This time, the Johann Cartel took over the supplies coming into Corcoras. That's why the Desperado organization seems to be vying for it. A great war will break out."

Shirone stood up.

"Okay, then let's go to the Johann Cartel. The one who took the supplies must have made contact with the dark organization."

"Ugh, Johann Cartel... ...

Pena, who was about to say something, shook her head.

"yes! Go! After all, there doesn't seem to be a top among the three major gangs. The problem is how to find their base. There will be no resistance."

After finishing the calculation, Nade returned.

"Damn it. Just eating this is a bonus. Let's go out and take care of them one by one."

After leaving the store, Shirone and the others saw that three major gangs were blocking the entrance.

A man pointed a machine gun.

"Should I choose soon? We are impatient."

Nade, who was examining their faces, turned to his friends and smiled.

"Is it much easier?"

While the other friends were also smiling, only Pena was shaking her legs.

John Cartel.

Their stronghold was a monastery with a pious atmosphere, incongruous with gunshots.

"Are you new?"

A woman in a nun's uniform was drinking in a dimly lit room.

It was Arya, the leader of the Johann Cartel.

"Yes, sister. Other organizations are not rough."

A man in his mid-twenties bowed his head in the midst of gang leaders.

"hello! It's called Boto! I will serve you with all my heart and soul."

"How are you going to serve me?"

"Yes?"

"How are you going to take it? Don't make me ask twice."

"Ah, that... ...

Unable to handle Arya's intense gaze, Votto averted his gaze to the shelf.

I saw underwear with a penis on it, a whip, and a chained dog collar.

As Arya snapped her fingers, Votto's gaze returned to normal.

"Listen. The Johan Cartel is the oldest organization in Melkidu. It is the only place that directly supports the will of Cain, the founder of Mel Kidu. Because we have been in control of Melkidu since ancient times, the real brothers can survive."

"Yes."

"But at some point, Red Union came in and installed you, Desperadoni, and things without genealogy. I don't like it. Do you know what I mean?"

"Don't worry. I'm the guy who used to hang out with me outside. My hands are itchy."

Then a knock was heard.

"Boss, I brought those guys."

"come in."

Arya, who confirmed the faces of Shirone and the others, muttered with a rotten expression.

"It's like?????"

They are qualitatively different from the gang.

"Yeah, I heard you walk around with a terrifying sore? Are you a cop? Or are you looking for someone?"

Shirone said.

"Tell me about the dark organization. We want to enter the core by the back door."

"ah... ...

Arya's eyes widened.

"back door. good."

"Kkeuk!"

Realizing the meaning, Votto could not hold back his laughter, and the officers turned their heads.

"Hmm, sorry." Arya, who had been watching him expressionlessly, put her glass down and stood up from her chair.

"Come on."

As Votto approached awkwardly, Arya drew closer and grabbed his wrist.

"Big, big sister."

"Why? You like things like this."

She raised the skirt of her nun's uniform and brought Votto's hand to the inside of her thigh.

"Touch this. right. Hold on tight."

Looking down, Votto found a dagger held in reverse in his hand.

"Hey, why... ... ?"

Before he could finish his sentence, Arya moved Votto's hand and thrust the dagger into his stomach.

"Ugh!"

I reflexively pushed it away, but the blade was already two-thirds of the way in.

"Ahh! knife! This knife!"

Staggering back, Arya grabbed the bottle and swung her arm in full swing.

With a pop, the bottle burst and Votto fell.

"Aww! Aaaaaa!"

Blood was gushing out of his head, and the blade that pierced his stomach was as hot as fire.

"Pear, pear! A knife in my stomach... ... !"

"Kuk-kuk. Then take it off, you son of a bitch."

As the executives kicked the abdomen as if playing with it, Votto shook his limbs.

"no! evil! i die! ah! ah! Help me!"

Arya waved her hand.

"shut up. Take him out quickly."

The wooden door slammed shut as Votto, who was caught in the leg, was dragged out.

"Whoa, yes."

Arya sat back down and asked.

"Backdoors are my specialty. Among the three major gangs, no one can drill better than me."

The creator of Melkidu's system is presumed to be Cain, the first murderer of mankind.

Of course, the truth will be at the core, but the Johann Cartel has supported his will for many years.

In reality, and also in Melkidu.

"In short, you came to the right place. But what can you guys do for me?"

"nothing."

"yes?"

Shirone said.

"I won't do anything. I think this level is sufficient as a transaction condition."

Emotion disappeared from Aria's face again.

"Do you know what a gang is?"

"I don't want to know."

No matter how wicked he was, his annoyance soared at the sight of cruelly harassing his colleagues.

"No one here is afraid of guns. why? The moment you avoid it because it's scary, it's a burial. just pulling Whoever shoots first will survive."

I could understand the feelings of the ronin of the sandy beach.

"It's like a hold'em game. Even if you have AA cards in your hand, you will be scared if your opponent goes all-in. Those without guts die, and only those with guts call out."

"What do you want to say?"

As Shirone's tone became fierce, madness flashed in Aria's eyes.

"It's all-in, you asshole."

A machine gun was in Arya's hand, and all the gang members opened fire on Shirone.

The gunshots rang in my ears, and sparks blazed in the dark lights.

Pena covered her ears and crouched down.

"Ugh, ugh!"

I thought I was dead, but no matter how much time passed, I didn't feel any pain.

Opening one eye slowly, she straightened her upper body at the unbelievable sight.

"What, what!"

Realizing the same thing, the gang stopped shooting one by one, and eventually only the sound of tinnitus remained.

"Who are you?"

The smoke of light that spread around Shirone held all 700 bullets.

"call."

The next moment, the bullet returned to the entire gang in the same direction and speed as it had been fired.

"Huh!"

The gang shuddered as the bullet stopped in front of the forehead and spun at a tremendous speed.

Shirone said.

"No one is afraid of guns? No, it's just that there's nothing to see. How are you now? Are you a little scared?" It was true.

"This is your last chance. Last chance for me to do nothing. Decide."

Arya bit her lip.

"????? I lost."

At the same time, the bullets stopped spinning and all fell to the floor with a heavy sound.

"Sigh. Sigh."

As the men slumped down, Arya was glad she was sitting in the chair.

'Dear Cain.'

Was it really true?

- Cain, who realized the efficiency of evil through the first murder, created the Melkidu system. It's what gave people hope. The hope that any mistake can be forgiven.

As a pure-blood of the Johann Cartel, she heard a lot from the previous nuns.

-We kill people and loot property. The world calls it a crime, but we call it a holy deed. Evil is far more powerful than good, far purer, a truth that dwells in the deepest depths of man.

The nun of the Johann Cartel must enter Melki-Doo and take care of Corcoras.

-But Aria, although evil is strong, the limit is clear. You must always hide in the dark, and you must not yearn for the light.

- Why?

I didn't understand at the time.

- Why can't we shine? Cain gave hope to all sinners.

-Last message.

The previous nun spoke instead of persuasion.

-It is a secret that the Yohan Cartel must keep until the very end, so you must never forget it.

It is said that Cain left these words as he left Melkidu.

-There is no holy ground for demons.





Omega 999(1)


The more humans affected by the pyramids built in different parts of the world, the stronger the devil in the underworld.

The amplified demon was passed on to the demons and contributed to the attack of the impregnable Ivory Tower.

"rush! rush!"

As if all creatures in the world were randomly crossed with humans, demons.

"Knock down the intellect! Befitting the title of the 1st Corps we had won, their military force was difficult to block even the stars of the Ivory Tower.

Minerva shouted.

"What about Shirone?"

Shirone, who had cast the Ataraxia bullet system, had already disappeared into the depths of the demon army.

"Can not see! I went into the ivory tower... ... !"

or couldn't get in.

At that moment, a light sound exploded at the entrance of the Ivory Tower, and a pillar of light ascended to heaven.

'That's it.'

I could feel the power of the six bullets.

'I'm desperate to save Taeseong. But I can't keep it for long. I need to send support.'

The stars of the Ivory Tower focused their strength to break through, but the resistance of the demons grew stronger and stronger.

They tried to split the rock by driving a wedge, but rather got bitten by the rock.

'It can't be pierced by the regular method.' said Minerva.

"periods."

A woman's face rose convexly from the pool of human blood.

"Yes, Oh Dae-sung." A 1-star resident of the Ivory Tower, he had the ability to imitate his body like a slime.

"Leave the battlefield and go to the Ivory Tower. Help Shirone. Somebody has to go in."

"All right."

As Mi-moon disappeared into the pool of blood again, I heard a familiar voice behind me.

"Oh Dae-sung."

Ariana, who exuded a healthy blonde hair, had a mini on her chest.

Minerva completely turned around.

"Can't you guys go around a little normally?"

"Don't you know that a pair is one body? The demons are getting stronger. After an hour, I think I will exceed the fighting power of the Ivory Tower. I have to break through now."

"Is there a way?"

"It is an extreme use of the wedge operation. It is to fly demons with a triangular mass teleport. When there is a momentary gap, I hit with all my might."

It was plausible.

"A moderately sized wedge won't work. It will have to be a huge wedge. Besides, if you fall through the mass teleport, you will be trampled to death by demons as soon as you arrive."

Minnie prepared for death.

"So me and Ariana have to do it. A skill that leaves only allies is not enough in Corona Kingdom."

added Ariana.

"More than anything else, Shirone-nim is fighting on the front line. I think our department should take charge."

"sister."

A voice came from the defensive end.

"sorry."

The bodies of 3-star resident Gale, satellite Moscochi, and unknown satellite Mari were split.

"Ha ha ha! We win!"

The remaining stars were doing their best to block it, but it seemed that they would not be able to hold out for the next five minutes.

'yes. You worked hard, scum.'

Most of the stars in the Human Security Enforcement Department were once menaces to mankind.

"Okay, going with that strategy." said Minerva.

"However, I am the one who enforces it. I'll blow the demons away, so you guys can help Shirone through the entrance."

"But... ...

Minerva shook her head.

"If you're going to do it, it's better to be certain. Besides, wouldn't I have the slightest chance of surviving?"

It was a sad lie.

"Yes. sorry."

"Prepare."

As soon as the instructions were given, the stars dispersed, and Minerva looked back at the Ivory Tower.

'Shirone.'

You have become very beautiful.

'thank you for saying it like that.'

According to the change in the law, she was no longer a witch inciting someone's desire.

'But... ...

The wounds in his heart were too great to be comforted by that alone.

'I'm still a witch. a lot of people

The great witch of the era who drove her to death.' Minerva's body turned into a ten-year-old girl.

'I can't wash it away with anything.' The heart remembers.

The body of the time when I had to be caught and suffered by the hands of adults.

-sick! sick!

- It's fine.

'Cause I'm not sick

"Big!"

Tears flowed down the girl's face.

'Then I realized.'

When you move your jaw to chew food, know that no one cares

'Just repeat, repeat again, until your desire is satisfied, and again and again...'

What is a human?

'It's just a machine that harasses people.'

I am prepared to pay for any crime, but there is one thing that never changes.

'I don't regret it.'

It is a fact that she cannot forgive humans.

'So, Shirone.' don't forgive me

Minerva's spirit zone grew at a tremendous speed while maintaining its wedge shape.

Over 10,000 units of identification with peers ended in an instant, and the body began to glow brightly.

"Mass teleport."

A triangular light was born in the demon camp, and then it completely disappeared as if evaporating.

Minnie shouted.

"I see the entrance!"

Although it was a passage as thin as a needle, it was a point that could not be reached in other forms.

"charge!"

Corona's forces roared, and the remaining stars slammed the entrance with all their might.

A dull crash echoed in the snowy mountains twenty kilometers from the ivory tower.

"Keugh!"

The body of Minerva, who stopped the attack by lifting the jet, was imprinted on the ice cliff like a print.

The demons were very angry.

"Something like a beggar."

Considering the abilities of the demons, you have to be at least 20 kilometers away to buy time.

However, they are also the elite of the elite who fought the World War as part of the 1st Corps.

"Just know you won't kill me." Simultaneously with the scalpel teleport, he grasped the situation and pushed Minerva.

The ice cliff gradually cracked and Minerva fell ten meters down.

"Whoa."

The 10-year-old girl with her back against the wall looked at the demon with a resigned expression.

'Wait, you trash. My sister will be leaving soon too.'

The demons approached.

"Hey, it looks like you gave up. Well, there is no one here to help you."

her body swelled up

"I won't be able to move a single finger. Can't you even commit suicide? I wonder how many hours it will last?"

"??????Suicide."

Minerva laughed.

'That would have been better. If I had died and disappeared alone, the cataclysm wouldn't have happened.'

A lot of people died because of the walking dead she caused.

'Because I'm afraid of dying?' There were times when I actually tried to hang myself, but the reason why I couldn't bear to die.

'Breaking down.'

I am so angry that I want to die, and I am even more angry with myself for not being able to die... ... .

'I really want to die and throw it away!'

The faces of those guys who were still alive even at the moment they were hanging from the rope caught my eye.

'I'm going to kill them all!'

became a witch

"Dears, don't you think you guys are amazing? On a subject that is moved by mere human emotions." Her Minerva's powers that had been restraining her were released as life bloomed in her eyes.

"Do you know who I am?"

Minerva asked for a smoke pipe as she watched the demons rushing at her, filling the landscape.

"I was the one who made <Slaughter>."

"Kill!"

Poisonous smoke billowed from her mouth.

walking dead.

20 minutes later.

"Kuh! Keugh!"

With both legs broken and a missing right shoulder, Minerva crawled over the snow.

"Bad bitch."

There were only 7 demons left.

"Sigh. Sigh."

As Minerva crawled to the cliff and leaned back, the demons approached with tearing lips.

"I'm sorry. If I was lucky, I would have survived even if the unprecedented operation succeeded."

Minerva spat the blood in her mouth.

"whatever. sick."

If it wasn't for the spiritual power of the Archmage, it was a state that would have been okay even if his life had already been turned off.

"Geuk, it should come out like that. It's going to be a bit difficult to handle the share of dead comrades."

She flicked her left hand, which was hanging on the ground.

"Yes, come. Try it."

Even in the face of death, the demons frowned as the tremendous vitality surged.

"What is all this? You're more poisonous than the demons."

"it's okay. There's no time, so let's finish quickly. If you peel it off, it will cry on its own."

The demons approached Minerva, who had no strength to resist, and touched her arm.

'Never cry.'

The gray sky was visible in her eyes.

'Yeah, I'm coming soon, scumbags. I'm afraid I'll suffer for a few hours.'

"Let's start from here."

Just when I thought the blade cutting my wrist was icy, I heard the sound of the wind.

Lines were drawn on the bodies of the demons, and they began to turn into pieces in an instant.

"Some guy... ... ! Kuck!"

As the last demon fell with its head cut off, a familiar form shimmered before my eyes.

"Shirone?"

She shook her head.

'No, it's different.'

Her appearance was the same as Shirone's, but her cold eyes were far from Yahweh's spirit.

' maybe.'

she spat out.

"????? Sex brain."

The official name is someone's brain, but Minerva vaguely guessed it.

"What are you doing to this place?"

As if the conversation was burdensome, the brain erased Shirone's appearance and regained its original form.

"Answer me. Why did you suddenly change your mind when you didn't even participate in the faction fight?"

The brain opened the illusion again.

I've seen many of his appearances so far, but I can assure you that this was the first time.

Therefore, it was the true form and also... ... .

"Gaia. Right?"

His metallic hair came down long, he had no eyebrows, and his expression was calm.

said the sex brain.

"I am Adam. It is the beginning of all human beings, and the last remaining Gaian in this world."

he corrected

"It's the brain, to be exact."

"It seems so. But it's not an important issue for me. Why did you come here?"

"To say goodbye."

"farewell?"

Minerva laughed.

"I know the criteria for determining Taeseong's 4-star rating. Even if it's the same department, it wouldn't be my subordinate, right?"

Adam looked at the sky.

"It became the star of the ivory tower and imitated countless human lives. to decipher the law. I'm sorry for your life It is my responsibility."

"what?"

"everything. we screwed up It's probably not her fault alone. I should have stopped it."

"Uorin?"

Adam didn't answer.

"The end is coming. Only my brain can calculate the law. We will undo what has gone wrong."

"Don't talk nonsense. Because I have no intention of doing it that way. kill That is my atonement."

"It's too early, my daughter."

Adam, who floated into the sky, was enveloped in a smoke of light.

"Death is not the only atonement. Existence is subject to necessity, and the day will come when you will realize your use."

If Adam could truly calculate the law, it was a word that could not be passed down.

"Where are you going?"

Adam looked across the sky.

"To Eve."

Watching a single flash fly away, Minerva leaned over and fell to the side.

"Kuh! Kut!"

Crawling and grabbing the smoking pipe, she lay down and took a sip.

"Whoa."

Gray clouds were like the faces of his subordinates.

"sorry. Can I live a little longer?"

At that moment, as if by magic, the blizzard lifted and the sunlight shone on the snowy mountains.





Omega 999(2)


Underground facilities of the temple.

Uorin was on the verge of a nervous breakdown as she walked while listening to the disturbing noises in the engine room.

'I can't see it.'

The vibrations of the timeline were so loud and fast that I couldn't hold the standard anymore.

'Where should I go?'

Shirone is suppressing Havitz's assassination game with Elikia, but the variable remains.

'If I could use it, I would have continued. They say that there is a delay in the ability to break vanishing.'

maybe once an hour.

Above all, there is no way that Lone, who develops simultaneous events, can only keep Habitz in check.

'If a crisis strikes someone else elsewhere, Shirone will use this ability.'

because it is Yahweh

In this situation, if a foreign country had to target someone, it was definitely the empress of Kashan.

'All kingdoms are targeting me.'

Why not?

Fengzhang was annihilated, and even Jiandao died.

Has there ever been a time in the history of Kashan where an empress was as defenseless as she is now?

'This is my end?'

Worried about it, Uorin put her hand on the wall.

"Huh. Huh."

My chest felt stuffy as if I had a stomach ache, and extreme dizziness occurred due to the lack of blood flow.

Kido supported her.

"It's fine? i'll carry it you get some rest."

"haha."

Laughter broke out.

"Isn't it really absurd? The only thing left for the Empress of Kashan is a pet goblin."

Kido wasn't angry.

"Let's escape the temple. You have to run away while the guards guard your station. If it turns out that the empress on earth is a fake, then there will be no escape."

"no."

"Why are you so stubborn? you are smart Kashan or something, there will be a later date if you have to live."

"I can't."

Uorin gritted his teeth.

"Anything like an empire can be handed over. But I have to be the Empress of Kashan to the end."

"Why?"

"Otherwise, it would be nothing to Shirone."

Kido kept his mouth shut.

"If I had no voice in the holy war, no mighty military power, no authority as a queen, what am I? just a woman An ordinary woman who can't even fight like Amy." Uorin grabbed Kido by the shoulder.

"Do you know how long I've been waiting for Shirone? you don't know Before mankind even began... ... I've been waiting for Shirone! But why! Why should I give up!"

"okay. calm down."

"Never give up! There must be some way. Just a little longer, just a little longer... ...

She was a Gaiaman who became a mere primitive man, longing only for passionate love.

But... ... .

'I can't fight.'

Throughout history, adopting only the best genes has made it impossible to become Amy.

Shironedo, Liando, Kuando, Gaolddo, Mirodo... ... any strong person.

'It couldn't be.'

It must be because something more than life is needed, which cannot be reached only by character.

"I will protect you."

That was the feeling of defeat I felt for Amy.

"I can't even lose Kashan."

"Yeah, got it."

Kido held the double-edged spear in one hand and moved on, supporting Uorin.

"Let's do it. Where can I go?"

Just as Uorin was about to activate Future City again, a thick haze began to spread.

"what?"

Before I knew it, an old oriental-style door was standing there and opened with a sad sound.

"Your inquiry."

Anchal, the director of Jincheon, appeared.

"Future poetry doesn't work for me who deals with illusions. That's it, Empress of Kashan."

The eyes of the unpatched eyes contained a clear blue light.

Uorin clenched her fists.

'damn.'

Just breaking through the guards on the ground and finding out that the double is fake is super-class.

"I found it, Empress." Natasha is dangling from a plumbing line, and a masked prosecutor approaches from the darkness below.

It was Lai, the captain of Tormia's guard.

'That's three people.'

Anchal said.

"You wear your own hair, but you are not the only one with hair. give up Kashan is over."

Kido did not let Uorin answer.

"Hong, do you think people like you will blink at me? Get out if you don't want to die."

Of course, I know the strength of the enemy.

'There is hope. Thirteen minutes remain until the Harvitz assassination game. If you hold out until then... ...

Anchal asked.

"Who will go first?"

When Natasha and Rai didn't answer, she nodded and kicked the ground.

'The one who caught it is the owner.'

As soon as the battle started, shockwaves exploded everywhere except for Uo Lin.

"A storm."

As the demon's eyes shone, hundreds of blades flew towards Kido from the air.

"Big!"

Although the power of penetration was lower than that of incarnation, the power of application was close to infinite.

'It's really tricky.'

Eyesight of mind, Natasha of speed, Rai of skill.

'Next 10 minutes.'

Minor wounds piled up on Kido's body, who received three attacks at the same time.

'Is this the state of a goblin?'

Anchal was amazed.

'No, it's already crossed the limits of the species. This is something that is neither human nor goblin.'

Kido's eyes lit up.

'Immobility.'

The illusion was destroyed with the enlightenment of the Buddha School, and Natasha's speed was reduced with the Earthquake Spirit.

Rai penetrated from the rear.

'I catch it.'

Kido, who let the attack go to the side, opened his eyes and swung his spear while spinning.

'The control of the source.'

It was the strongest blow that cut between atoms, that is, cut through all matter.

"Kuk!"

The assassins who distanced themselves saw electricity slithering through the air like snakes.

'If I had stopped without knowing, I would have died.' Kido, breathing heavily, blocked Uorin's path.

'Two more minutes.'

The Anzal approached.

"It is bizarre. No, should I say disgusting?" "Beauty of the great purification period, you are not the truth. It is a monster mixed with all kinds of realizations."

Her gaze was directed at Uorin.

"Is the Kashan Empress devoid of humanity? What did you feed the beast with?"

'Everything but my flesh.'

Everything that could be procured with her power was forming Kido's body.

"So what? What does it matter what I feed my dog? Do you want to feed them too?"

The magic eye of the Anchal flashed.

"I have no shame."

That's when smoke rises from all sides and Natasha and Rai finish preparing to maneuver.

Elicia's light enveloped the temple.

'What about Harvits?'

Those who had already experienced it confirmed Satan's position without any particular surprise.

'... ... is it.'

When the temple retreated, the door to the temple opened.

"Leave the temple immediately, Empress. It might be the last chance given to you."

As if in a dream, the demons disappeared, and Natasha and Lai were engulfed in darkness.

Kido knelt down.

"Whoa, it'll be fine for a while."

Killing Wu Lin was against international law because Harvitz's location was made public.

"Don't be alarmed. I'll be right back."

"Of course you are number one in elimination. But the one who eliminates is eliminated from the Leadership Bureau. You can't move recklessly."

As long as there is Elicia.

'The worst situation is that the majority die without Elicia being invoked.'

In that case, it is impossible to identify the culprit because we do not know who Havitz killed.

'Thank you, Shirone.'

It wouldn't be a choice for Uorin, though.

"let's go. Even if it's hard, keep your future poetry. I can't let Anchal step on me like this time."

"yes."

Walking through the engine room, Kido looked up at the ceiling.

'Another death.' Rest in peace.

10 minutes before Elicia activates.

Zetaro was walking towards the Gustav Sector with his shoulders drooping.

'Smodo went home first.' Why Sumodo?

'Do you want to play with me more? No, I didn't even care about it from the beginning? why... ... ?'

The truth is unknown.

'I'll start again soon. Thinking of Harvits means that it is before burnishing is activated. Who will be the next target? Maybe this time I... ... Jetaro's footsteps stopped.

Havitz, whose lips were parted, was walking from the other side of the hallway, speaking to himself.

"Sheesh, I ate one. Are you going to use that strategy? Okay, then, at that moment, our gazes collided.

Unlike Zetaro's heart beating like it was about to explode, Havits didn't even pay attention.

"Um, yes. It would be so much fun. The beauty of this game is that you can lose."

Zetaro realized it from the way he passed by as if he were seeing someone for the first time.

'Now I'm no fun.'

It was a declaration of severance.

"Has it already been an hour?"

Havitz, who stopped thinking about the wizard, ran down the hallway in a burnishing state.

'I'll finish it quickly.'

It was the king's office in Corona Sector.

"The demon's power has become too strong. On this road, the Ivory Tower will be destroyed. I need to count quickly... ...

Despite the rough opening of the door, the officials inside were busy holding a meeting.

People playing card games, Armin, and the stars of the Ivory Tower gathered together.

Harvits snorted.

"Who am I going to kill?"

Havitz, who had been beaten twice by Elicia, chose a strategy of coming in advance and waiting.

"It is you."

He waited for the time to come, aiming his sword at the throat of King Woodlai, who was watching the meeting.

'Four seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds?... "

At that moment, Woodlai's silver  suddenly grew bigger and kicked off the chair.

"Majesty!"

A red orb protruded from his pocket, split in two and rolled across the floor.

The Last Cry of the Jaeger Family.

There are only a few left now, so no matter how much money you have, you can't find an objet.

"These are real... ...

At the time Habitz ran with his axe's eye raised, Elikia's light spread brilliantly.

'Havitz!'

The stars of the ivory tower, who realized at a speed that exceeded the normal range, twisted their bodies at the same time.

"Kill!"

Before Elicia disappears.

When Armin casts the stop magic, the sea jade spins up and destroys time.

'complete.'

In the middle of a high-speed battle, Habitz looked back at King Woodlai.

There were already guards protecting them.

lose the game

In front of an unprecedented event in the history of Satan, Havits lost his mind and rushed.

"Stop!"

The stars blocked Woodlai, but what Havitz was aiming for was the prostrate maid.

"Huh billion!"

When the sword was lodged in the maid's throat, not only the stars but also Shiok stopped fighting.

'This... ... It's not a game.'

The murder committed to avoid losing the game is proof that Satan is being chased.

The stars were outraged at the meaningless sacrifice.

"Things I wouldn't even do at third rate... ... !"

"What is it?"

Harbitz pulled the knife from the maid's neck and said.

"It's not a bad result, is it? If I lose the game, I will commit a massacre from then on."

Indeed it is.

'Havitz suggested the game. There is no price for defeat. But why am I obsessed with this game?'

Vanishing was activated again.

"Shall we prove it now?"

Even in the state of missing Havitz, the stars spread the spirit zone with unprecedented mental power.

'damn! I missed something. Concentrate, at home.'

"red."

Havitz laughed and moved toward the door, contrary to what he had threatened.

'I can't finish the game.'

The rules must be maintained at least until midnight when the 'Facts and Lies' game ends.

"Get on a poop rope."

The moment Havitz opened the door, looking back at the stars, a shock hit his side.

"Gagging!"

After being pushed several meters away, he held up his stomach and raised his painful face.

"Big!"

The stars who came to their senses opened their eyes wide.

"you?"

"sorry. for a bit... ...

The Wizard, who entered through the crack in the door, spat out nonchalantly.

"Because I'm playing hide and seek."





Omega 999 (3)


Gustav Sector.

Balkan saw Zetaro's expression and realized.

"Looks like you're already dead."

Vulcan, who had been beaten to death, was not normal, but Zetaro's face looked like a corpse.

"What about Natasha?"

"I sent you to catch Uorin. what do you do when you play Anyway, Havitz also leaves our hands

I woke up."

"You saw me and just passed by."

If it's Havitz, that's enough.

"You are the game maker. Even if you can't kill the Habits yourself, it's enough that you linked the Wizard."

Zetaro sighed and lowered his head when Natasha entered the room.

she stuck out her tongue.

"I missed it."

"She is not normal either. She won't be caught easily. She still bullies her."

"Why? It doesn't matter what the temple looks like. We only need to kill Havitz."

"That's right."

Zetaro raised his head, and Vulcan continued.

"Tag is just a small game. Wizards are strong, of course, but if you ask me to bet, I won't bet anywhere. It's 50/50 from a gambler's point of view."

It was thin ice.

"But there are no draws in gambling. Split the money you sold, or double it there. But is there a human being who came here to find the money? The plate will grow. Because of Harvitz, the temple will be a mess. So we... ... Then the secretary came in.

"Your Majesty, I received a call from the conference room. It is said that there is an emergency convening of representatives from each country in 20 minutes."

"yes."

Balkan looked back at his friends.

"Did you see it? Other countries know it too. If we continue like this, everything will be ruined."

As Balkan stood up, Natasha supported him.

"Are you going?"

"Of course I should go. Calm down everyone. Nothing is over yet. When others are tired, it's time for gamblers. Natasha, you go to Uorin." His eyes flashed with madness. "At any cost, attend the Great Conference.

don't let it happen."

"okay."

Natasha left the room, and Vulcan, who had changed clothes, put Zeta on his shoulder.

"You haven't given up already, have you?"

"Vulcan, I... ...

"You are a game maker. He is also an excellent game maker. Do you know what the reason is?"

Zetaro raised his head.

"Because your rules are always fair. Make sure you have no excuses even if you lose the game.

That's why Harvits liked your game." "You are the one who made a game that even I, a gambler, cannot guess the outcome of. Okay? It's not the Wizard who makes him happy, it's you."

Zetaro's eyes lit up.

'Havitz.'

Is it just delusion?

Four children from the neighborhood gathered and sang while looking up at the top of the high wall.

Ajavitz? Harvits?.w

Let's glow.

Harvits glared at Wizard.

"Huh"

The stars of the ivory tower saw the bewilderment in Havitz's distorted face.

'What happened?'

Leader Bartok is one of those who watched



The training of the Wizards of the 10 Magicians was one.

'It destroys the varnish nurtured by Oh Dae-sung. But Satan's response is

It's a human weapon, so it's not strange to ship



Something looked sad.

"Havitz."

Wizard approached.

"I love you. Do not run away now."

"huh."

I can't believe it.

'You love me? You're welcome. It's a lie. It's a ploy to kill me.'

Why can't you resist?

'What if it's true?'

The Wizard, who saw the stiffness of the moment, struck Havits beyond the first frame.

"Ouch!"

As Havitz rolled on the floor, the stars of the ivory tower frowned and fell into thought.

'what? just now... ... It was as if all mankind had closed their eyes.

Armin understood.

'Extreme space-time ability. If Harvits doesn't have a specific time, that kid clears the space.'

They were the same, but they were two completely different people.

"Whoa. Whoa."

Harvits, who was bleeding from his nose and mouth, glared at the wizard and asked.

"You love me?"

"Yes."

Harvits's lips parted.

"great."

A shadow of Shi-ok appeared, but the next moment the two of them evaporated from the room.

"... ... Did you leave?"

Even the stars of the ivory tower could not interfere with what was happening outside the law.

"Yes, maybe."

Armin pointed to the rattling door.

"Into the void of time and space."

Harvits is not fast.

However, motions that pass 0.666 seconds of every second are not recorded in the law.

'Where are you chasing me?'

It wasn't the concept of fast or slow.

"Keugh!"

At that moment, the wizard transcended one frame and struck Havitz in the side.

"Are you going to keep running away?"

He wanted to break his neck, but strong hostility would destroy the rule.

"Quack."

Harvits laughed.

"Isn't that too harsh? Honestly, now I have doubts? whether you love me."

whatever.

"i love you. As long as you don't break your fingers, that's true."

It was such a rule.

"Okay, then... ...

Havitz, who had narrowed the distance through Siok, collapsed on the floor hugging Wizard.

The vicious Wizard clenched his fists, but could not bear to counterattack.

'no.'

If I attack Havitz here, I might be lying about loving him.

'No, I didn't break my finger, so it's okay. Harvits will believe until the end.'

Is it really so?

I wasn't sure. If it was not properly predicted, Satan, who had worked so hard to trap it in the system, would escape again.

'How much does Habitz love me?'

I can not know.

In the end, their win rate is 50/50 in that they don't know each other.

Harvits stood up.

"Okay, loving me is a 'fact'."

With this, I had to allow the Wizard a stronger lynch, but I had no choice but to believe it.

The face of Havitz, who was stepping back, was a little depressed and a little embarrassed.

'What do I want to do with this child? Something inside of me was definitely filled... ...

I felt a greater lack than that.

"Come anytime."

As Havitz left his words and ran to the end of the hallway, the Wizard bit his lip.

I tried to hold back the tears that were about to burst out and reviewed the situation.

'I couldn't fight back.'

Thanks to this, he gained trust, but the intensity of the meeting would increase as the encounter continued.

Equivalent exchange of affection and violence.

' until when... ...

maybe forever

Because we cannot know the truth of others.

"What is the truth?" Taeseong said.

"Sing, the truth is the truth. It is the truth that I have protected humanity up until now. You must trust me."

"shut up."

Singh did not waver even as the armies of Hell razed the Ivory Tower to the ground.

"Asmodians are coming up, Thing. This is your last chance. If I die, Jisung will die too."

"No, rather the opposite. You are preventing the human intellect from moving into a wider field."

barriers to the outside world.

"Don't be stuffy. There are some things you don't have to prove. Until now, all mankind has loved each other, and it has borne fruit. Do you even deny that?"

"yes."

Singh wringed out his soul and protested.

"Feeling that physical relationships are beautiful is also just a system created by managers. No matter how much flesh is mixed, no matter how much bodily fluids are exchanged, the truth cannot be known."

"What is so important? You've lived without any problems for that long."

"It is different now. Because the fate of mankind depends on it. Convince me if you want to live. prove it."

"You have mental magic. Humans can directly check the minds of others."

"It is also a system. Drimo and the other world are all controlled by the administrator. There is no way to directly confirm that it is the heart. So, logically, I am the only one who has a mind in this world."

"It's not convincing."

"But I can't even argue. that's the problem If there is no contradiction, someone has to protect it. At least in the last moments of humanity, in Omega 999."

"How on earth are you asking me to prove it? There is no way you can show your heart directly!"

"That's why I can't believe it. Nobody knows the truth about other people. It's better to trust myself than to trust the manager of the outside world. All of us humans."

Even as I said that, doubts arose.

'Is this really right?'

Even she, who had the strongest penetrating power of mankind, was on the verge of cracking in her heart.

she gritted her teeth.

'Let's not shake. you believe in me Unless you can share your heart, I'm your ex.'

"My heart... ... You share?"

Johann's expression went blank.

"Yes. It's called small world creation. You can connect with everything in the world. The mind is united and a new realm is opened."

"Anything like a rock?"

The fire tribes laughed.

"I told you, you can assimilate with everything in the world. Grass, trees, wind, earth, birds or squirrels. Of course, there are things that are good at assimilation for each lineage."

"How does the ground feel?"

"Um, what can I say? Feeling absolutely safe? The feeling of being protected at no cost."

The Hwajok closed their eyes.

Watching them raise the corners of their mouths little by little, Yorahhan thought.

'You share your heart?' The reason why everyone can't be considerate is probably because of distrust and fear of each other.

'But they are different. Because they are connected to each other, there are no misunderstandings or doubts.'

Suddenly, I had this thought.

'If a person's heart is hell.'

He said that the fire tribe might be the only hope to bring humans out of the abyss of hell.

"Oh, why are you making that face? Yo Ra-han seems like a very strange person."

"That's huge."

"Yes?"

"It may be difficult right now, but the day will come when all humans will welcome you."

The fire tribe's cheeks turned red.

"really... ... Will it?"

"Sure! I'll bet you. Oh, and can I try a small world creation?"

"Sure. Wait."

At that moment, Armand intervened.

"stop."

"Why, why?"

After three days of living, the language became easier, but dealing with her was still difficult.

"I should have warned you. I won't let you go if you do nonsense."

"It's nothing dangerous."

"It depends on who you are. If you harbor an evil heart, this child will be hurt."

"I have no evil heart."

"I don't know."

"So you can experiment." When he stubbornly shut his mouth, Yo Rahan sighed and stood up.

"Yes, I will give up."

Armand turned to follow him.

"Where are you going?"

"To my room. I want to write down some of my thoughts today."

"Not now. Because I have to go to the mountain." "yes? I?"

"The food is gone. If you go hunting, I can't keep an eye on you, so of course you have to follow."

"No, such a law... ...

At that moment, the sound of a sharp wind was heard.

"Ahh! what?"

Yorahhan sat down and a long sword flew into Armand's hand.

"Uh, how did you do it?"

She said, strapping a longsword to her waist.

"Rated control."





Omega 999 (4)


"Sister, you are really amazing."

Amid the applause of the fire family, Yora Han was dazed when he saw the new technology of the small world creation.

"Can you do something like that?"

"Arman unnie handles metal the best among the Fire Tribe. That's called rating adjustment."

Armand drew his sword and checked the blade.

It trembled with a thud as if the sword were alive.

"let's go."

The Hwajok spoke at the time when Yorahhan, who stood up awkwardly, was about to follow Armand.

"be careful. Carnivores also live where Armand unni goes."

Ecosystems are essential for species to survive.

"But nothing will happen. Armand unnie is really strong. So stick around."

Johann showed his forearm.

"What are you talking about? I'm pretty strong too."

The fire tribe laughed as he chased after Armand, throwing punches that did not make sense.

"You are such a good person. Could it be that you are from the fire family?"

They liked Yorahhan.

"Hey, where are you going? Get some rest."

After leaving the village and climbing the mountain for an hour, Yorahhan was already exhausted.

"To be weak. You said you wandered the world with that kind of stamina?"

Of course, I'm confident that I can climb the mountain, but Armand's speed is really fast.

"If you go around like you, no one will follow you."

"huh."

Unlike the cold turn, Armand sat down on a rock and handed him a water bottle.

"drink."

"Ah, thank you."

While drinking water, Yorahhan looked sideways at Armand.

Contrary to her usual ferocious appearance, she had a pretty smile while appreciating the scenery.

"home! home!"

Armand's expression disappeared when he heard the sare.

"what's the matter?"

"No, just. I think you can laugh. I've never seen him smile before."

I could guarantee it because they always stuck together.

"That means you are dangerous to the town. If you realize it, leave now."

"Why do you hate me? I swear, I have no intention of hurting the fire tribe."

"Because I am human."

Armand said.

"The humans I've met so far weren't evil from the beginning. Most of the cases like you approached with good intentions. But it changes over time. As if you're tired of pretending to be nice."

Johann couldn't deny it.

"Why do you hate humans? It's because I resemble a human. Excluding carnivores, fire people get their energy from the sun. An infinite resource that no one needs to have or share. But you and I are different. If we eat something, some other creature has to starve."

Irman added.

"It's not that I hate you. You don't believe in the malevolent ego of the carnivore. No matter what you think, in the end you will want us too."

"sorry."

said Johann.

"Yes, you are right. Humans are such a species. To be honest, my heart skipped a beat when I saw you a little while ago."

Armand didn't react.

"But I will never do anything to hurt you. Because I know what is right and I will act. I think human hope is there." Good and evil don't matter.

It only matters that we can choose.

"So, can't you just read my heart, my sincerity, just once? I want to show you."

"no."

"why? If you want to know what a bad guy I am, you have to know about me first."

"It's not like that... ...

Armand pursed his lips, slightly embarrassed.

"I have never been assimilated with a human."

"yes'?"

"At first I tried it on animals. It was terrible. What I have to eat and how I have to resonate."

"ah??????

"They keep telling me to read my mind, but Sose Gyechangyu is not like that. to really become one. Fire tribes with passivity are rather fine. I am willing to accept whatever comes to my mind. but i'm different When the human ego infiltrates me... ...

her body trembled

"It is disgusting. To have to take into heart the desires of someone you don't even like."

I thought I knew what it would feel like.

"Do not misunderstand. It doesn't mean I hate you. But to be honest, I don't want to be connected."

Thought he was cold, he felt sick to his stomach, but he fully understood Armand's feelings.

"I thought it was too easy. Creating a small world for you will require more courage than a human dedicating everything to someone else. Sorry."

Armand's eyes showed emotion for the first time, but he soon corrected his expression and stood up.

"Let's go. We must finish the hunt before nightfall."

Then the bush swayed.

As Armand and Jorahhan turned around at the same time, a pack of wolves was narrowing the encirclement.

" Shh."

Armand pulled out his longsword.

'The scent of the fire tribe does not call for beasts. It's because of Yorahhan.'

He can't be blamed for bringing it.

"Back off slowly. I will stop you."

It was the chieftain's condition that he should not kill what he did not eat, but the situation was different now.

'The fire tribe helps humans.'

When the two beliefs collided, a pack of wolves rushed at them with tongues sticking out.

"run!"

To give Jorahhan time to escape, she burrowed into the pack of wolves.

'Is this a beast?'

Even though Armand was a carnivore, he eventually gave up on the belligerence of plants and wolves.

'I can't do it in moderation.'

After completing her resolve, her life was cut short every time she swung her sword while spinning.

"Whoa. Whoa."

Looking at the scene of the forest littered with corpses of wolves, Armand felt miserable.

"damn! Because of him... ... !" iced coffee!

I heard Yorahhan's screams.

Through the small world window, his steps running toward the cliff were transmitted.

"this!"

When they arrived, Yorahhan was surrounded by wolves and was driven to the edge of a cliff.

Wow!

As soon as he fell under the threat of the wolf, Armand threw himself.

'Below the cliff is the rapids.'

Rather, it was the rock protruding in the middle that was the problem.

'Small world creation.'

Armand, who grabbed the vine that flew like a whip, reached out his hand as he fell.

"catch!"

Yorahhan reached out his hand, but the distance was too far.

'I will die at this rate.'

Hitting a rock wall would have killed you instantly.

' Humans... ...

With an almost unconscious manifestation, Armand used the Small World Creation on Jorahhan.

"Huh!"

Her face brightened.

'You bastard!'

When are you confident?

Unknowingly, thoughts about her rushed like waves.

'This is why I hate it. Why should I be humiliated like this? Confidently on such a subject... ...

At that moment, I began to see something that was at the center of Yorahhan's desire.

'Patience, faith, consideration.'

All the effort he had to endure so far to protect the feelings of others.

"ah."

She felt it for the first time.

'This is how it feels.'

to be loved.

When you think of the other person first, desire breaks the cloudy shell and reveals the beautiful truth.

'I'm not hurt.'

As long as he does his best to protect Armand.

'Jorahhan.'

she gave her heart

'Accept me.'

Jorahhan could not describe in words the feeling of becoming one with Armand.

'It's like this.'

It was a unity that transcended domination and subjugation, never felt among humans.

'The perfect one.'

Yorahhan's body moved on its own to avoid the rocks, but the rapids could not do anything about it.

"Eh]'!"

As soon as he fell into the water, the small world window broke, and Armand left the vine and jumped down.

"Yorahan!"

Her body sank into the water without even foaming.

Ten years passed in Gaold's world while Syrone's dream was in progress.

In a compromised world, daily life was monotonous and there was very little data to process.

"Congratulations, Gaold."

Except for today.

"To get such a young bride. Well, this is also an ability. Eat lots of good things. chuckle!"

Gaulde, who entered the waiting room while receiving congratulations from people, stood in front of the mirror.

A skinny old man in his 60s was standing there.

"It's fine? What's wrong with your expression?"

Kang Nan came over and touched his clothes.

"Relax. It is the day your dreams come true."

"my dream."

"Know. It's kind of weird. But in reality, you gave everything for Miro. There is no terrible pain here, no war. Isn't that what happened?"

"Terrible pain."

Oh, it was.

I suffered every moment in pain that could not be avoided or died.

"Come on, let's go see the bride. Have a little laugh! Because no one is saying anything to you."

When the groom arrived at the bride's waiting room, the people inside moved away.

"Go in."

Gaold pushed closer to the door, as if there were no walls, and knocked softly.

"Yes, come in."

What future awaits?

When I opened the door and entered the waiting room

Is......?

"mister."

All of Gaold was waiting.

Miro dressed as a bride is so beautiful, I wish time would stop right now.

"what? why do you look like that Am I weird?"

I waited for decades until I became an adult, but on the other hand, it seemed like it was yesterday.

"you?... "

Gaold laughed bitterly.

"It seems to be getting younger and younger." Weren't we, magic school alumni in real life?

"haha."

Understanding the meaning of the words, Miro approached Gaold.

"what's the matter? It's still cool. And at a wedding, the bride is the main character. It's fine if I'm pretty."

It was really pretty.

"Ho Ho! Are your eyes full of lust? I'll see you today though."

"... ... Won't you regret it?"

Miro asked again with a friendly smile.

"Why? Do you think you will regret it?"

"no."

Regret in the face of this moment is impossible for humans.

"Then I have no regrets. Because I Love You."

It was true.

In case there is no more reality left to protect the labyrinth of the polar line.

"It's a ceremony soon. see you later."

When Gaold nodded and left the waiting room, Arius, who had become an old dog, greeted him.

Seeing Gaold's expression, Sein asked.

"What are you thinking?"

They weren't close friends here either, but his keen eye couldn't be fooled.

"what? I have no idea."

"You, just in case... ...

Gaold shook his head and stood up.

"don't worry."

Sane watched for a long time as Gaold walked away after tapping his shoulder a couple of times.

The wedding was held in the style of Tormia, with all the guests except for Shirone.

"The groom's position."

The applause and whistles did not stop until Gaold walked to the podium.

"Then let's call today's main event, the bride."

When Miro, wearing a veil, appeared holding Se-in's hand, the guests were excited.

"You are the best bride."

'mister.'

Miro slowly raised his gaze and saw Gaold with a big smile in his eyes.

The guests burst into laughter.

"ha ha ha! The bridegroom is so good that he is dying!"

But soon tears welled up in Gaold's eyes, and his face contorted into tears.

"Big!"

The wedding hall shook violently, and countless pupils began to rush into the ceiling.

Gaold gritted his teeth and headed forward.

"It's a maze."

I had a dream.

bright and beautiful dreams.

"Let's go back."

Miro took off her veil.

"You have to protect the world. I won't compromise, because I can be more patient... ...

Gaold's hair turned white.

"Let's go back."

To our lives where every moment is pain.

When the will to serve someone transcends desire, the mind loses its limits.

"Gaold."

Miro called him for the first time.

continues in the next volume