
[272] 1. Hostile friendly relations (1)





The morning of Kazura Royal Castle was bright.

Shirone waited in the waiting room set up by the Inspection Department to take a paternity test.

It was not impossible to visit, but no one came because it was a place that the nobles of Kazura paid attention to.

Once the paternity test is over, you can't go back to your old life. What will your future be like?

"Whoa, I'm nervous for nothing."

"Nothing to worry about. It's a simple test."

Shirone raised his head.

A tall, slim man stood there. He didn't have a cold impression, but he was a man with an eerie sting.

A faint shudder ran through his nerves. It was the same feeling as when I first met Armin.

"No way, Unlocker?"

The man bowed politely in exchange for an answer.

"Your introduction is late. It's called Arius. I'm in charge of His Highness Orkamp's advisory."

Shirone opened her eyes narrowly and set up a vigilant blade.

"What did that person come for?"

The waiting room is an enclosed space by human standards. It was never safe to be alone with a master who had infiltrated such a place without anyone knowing.

"I just want to meet you. Unlockers have something in common."

Arius freely showed his temperament as if he understood Shirone's feelings of trembling at the resonance.

"I have heard of Shirone-kun's heroic story. Especially the Photon Cannon, I was impressed. Perhaps a cell controlling mass?"

Shirone's tension rose. If the opponent was an enemy, it was not good to see his ability.

Arius raised both hands, showing no hostility.

"You don't have to be too vigilant. It's pure interest. You could call it a fan. For reference, let me introduce my ability... ... ."

"Is it scale magic?"

"Oh, why do you think so?"

"This is a room that is blocked on all six sides. You can't get in with only space movement magic. If you distort time and space at the same time, there is only scale magic."

Arius readily admitted. It was also not a special secret among the wizards who worked on this floor.

"you're right. More than half of unlockers are scale mages. Did you know this too?"

"No, I didn't know that."

It was the first time Shirone had heard of it. More than half of the unlockers were scale mages.

Well, in hindsight, Armin's magic could also be called a kind of scale magic. Because time and space cannot be separated.

"It is not clear why there are so many scale mages among unlockers. I can only guess that it has something to do with Immortal Function's tendency. In that respect, Shirone-kun's batteries are quite unique. The ability to handle mass is extremely rare. I really envy you."

"No, it's not that great... ... ."

Armin cut off his words by sticking his face in.

"I am stronger though."

It was childish to say that it came from the mouth of a high-level wizard. But Arius didn't care.

"I want to make sure of this."

"Oh, of course."

Shirone did not deny it. He was a skilled person hired by the king of a country, so he was a great senior to magic school students.

Then Arius tilted his head in surprise.

"what? Isn't that too easy to admit? Too much humility is poison."

"Yes? No. I am just a student."

"Of course, magic power is still lacking. But you never know what will happen if you cast Ataraxia, right?"

Shirone was taken aback. Ataraxia is the language of heaven. No one knew of it except for acquaintances, and even in academic journals, Killline used the term magic amplification.

'This person has also been to heaven.'

Arius stared into Shirone's eyes. As if he were trying to find a little fairy living inside his pupil. The corner of his mouth went up slightly after confirming that the keyword was properly imprinted.

"How do you know Ataraxia?"

"haha! Most wizards who have played on this floor for a while know. It is the organ of Archangel Ichael. Of course, it was shocking that humans could master it."

"Then have you ever been to heaven?"

Arius nodded nonchalantly.

"Once a long time ago. But it wasn't a particularly fun place for me. However, information is constantly being collected. Because humanity's survival is at stake. We all owe a debt to Miro. She does, but thanks to her, she also became the greatest wizard, so wouldn't she be unfair?"

Arius' words came to Shirone, who had only the idea of ??sacrifice for Miro's choice.

"Is Mr. Miro the best unlocker?"

Arius smiled self-deprecatingly.

"Well, wouldn't it? In fact, how do we know who is the best? But she did save mankind. And even now, we are staying in a different dimension that we cannot challenge. No mage born in this era will be able to overcome the maze's stronghold. It's unfortunate."

Although it sounded cold, it wasn't without reason.

Everyone should have a chance to make their dreams come true. Otherwise, this world that Miro protected with sacrifice would be as good as already dead.

"okay. But Miro-san also thinks so... ... ."

"haha! Of course I know! Don't take it too seriously. If it had not been for Orberg, the creator of turn undead magic, mankind would have been conquered by the Necromancers. It must be the physiology of magic that the first factor changes depending on the situation. Besides, there already existed the best wizard in this world that no one could surpass."

"Are you the best wizard? Who is that?"

Shirone remembered the names of several people.

Kergos who established the theory of photonization? Ibris, the creator of the ignition magic Ignite? Perhaps it was Gloria who compiled the four-way system of the Spirit Zone.

"The greatest wizard in history... ... Mackline Guffin."

Shirone hit her knees in pity.

"ah! I knew!"

The wizard who installed the gate to heaven in Kergo Autonomous Region. I could tell from Ikael's words how great a wizard he was.

"Who is Guffin?"

Arius scratched his head as if he was vague about answering.

"Hmm, I really don't know. There are no records of guffins. Opinions are divided even as to whether he really existed in the world."

"what? But the guffin... ... ."

"Yes. His achievements are all over the world. But all that remains are ruins. There are no historical records of real guffins. Even now, archaeologists roam the world looking for traces of guffins, but no record of any form has been found. Even folk tales."

"How can that be?"

Shirone was puzzled.

Every human being always leaves traces of his life. It was normal for everyone in the world to know that even so-and-so without fame was enough to go down in the yard where the record came down through acquaintances.

"Whether Guffin is a real person is still a controversial issue in the academic world. Some scholars claim that he never had contact with intelligent life during his lifetime. However, there is another hypothesis that is currently in the limelight."

The man called the greatest wizard in history evaporated without leaving any records. Shirone thought that maybe this was a great magic.

Arius raised a finger and said.

"Guffins existed in the world. But the hypothesis is that for some reason the world has forgotten him."

When I heard those words, I had a memory that came to my mind. It was an anecdote heard from the heavenly fairy Peope.

Archangel Ichael is said to have committed an unforgivable sin. But the subjects of heaven do not know what sin it is.

It's because Ankera erased his memory.

"Guppins definitely existed in the world, but now they are in a state of non-existence. In the academic world, this is called Guffin erasure, or reset."

"If it's a reset... ... ."

"It is possible that Guffin simply expunged his name from the Akashic Records. But then the world must be a modified whole. But why do Guffin ruins still exist? The theory of reset suggests an answer to that. In other words, the world we experience has been initialized once at some point."

To Shirone, who had not yet reached the depths of his intellect, Arius' words sounded like the nonsense of a lunatic. Even so, the reason why I couldn't change my mind was the tendency of the unlocker to fall into this kind of problem.

"There is a 'crack field verification experiment' as a representative evidence of guffin erasure. The total amount of time and energy in our world is subtly misaligned."

Arius stretched out his ten fingers and pretended to hold the sphere.

"The Akashic Records as a whole are perfect. Therefore, this world cannot lose its perfection. But cracks can happen. A crack is a personality, not a deficiency. Scholars speculate that traces of Reset remain in the cracks."

Shirone couldn't believe it. However, if many scholars are serious about it, it was not an absurd story.

"If the reset is true, does that mean everyone in the world is living the same life a second time?"

"It will be like that. Don't think hard. Time does not flow, it is perceived. Let's say, for example, that humans began 10,000 years ago. Did today's people wait 10,000 years to live today? no. They didn't even wait a second. This is because time is recognized from the moment you are born. So, scholars cite deja vu as evidence of reset. It feels like reliving what you've been through before. This is also a cognitive error caused by the brain mistaking the time before and after initialization."

Arius raised his index finger and asked.

"Then, here is the problem. How could Macklein Guffin reset the world?"

The words automatically popped into Shirone's head.

"Immortal Function."

Arius nodded in satisfaction.

"That's right. If you expand your mind endlessly, the ego dissolves. However, in any phenomenon, there is a critical point. If you can perfectly control the immortal function, you will be in such a contradictory state that it is both infinite and finite. In other words, it becomes a whole with a self."

Arius's explanation awakened a similar concept known to Syrone. To be whole with a self is, in other words, to have a self in everything. And the people of the world called such a being a god.

"okay. A man named Guffin... ... ."

Shirone finally realized. Why is McLean Guffin the best wizard in the world that no one can surpass?

"Yes. McLean Guffin... ... ."

Arius said with a smile.

"He is an infinite wizard unprecedented in human history."

It was the second time after Armin to hear that he was an infinite wizard, but the feeling of accepting it was much stronger.

At the time, I was ignorant of Immortal Function and the Akashic Records. But now, the process of how humans can claim the divine personhood has been vaguely drawn.

"I don't know what era the Guffins are from. 100 years ago? 1,000 years ago? Maybe even before humans began. However, regarding the timing of the reset, the prevailing theory is that it was 18 years ago. As of that point, Guffin's achievements are not appearing. Coincidentally, 18 years ago was also the year the time-space of the labyrinth was born."

Arius talked about the possibility, but Shirone heard directly from Ikael that Miro was the successor to Guffin.

Also, if it was 18 years ago... ... It was also the year he was born.

But I didn't think deeply about it. Who is the only person who was born 18 years ago?

Arius checked his watch. With little time left for the inspection, it was time for him to focus on his original duties.

=======================================
[273] 1. Hostile friendly relations (2)





He approached Shirone and asked for a handshake.

"I must go. I can't be away for a long time. Shirone-kun is also an Unlocker, so knowing these things will help you work as a unique member of the magical society."

Shirone quickly grabbed Arius' hand.

"Yes. It really helped me a lot. thank you."

"haha! There is nothing to be thankful for. From now on, I intend to steal your Ataraxia."

Arius smiled coldly, but Shirone couldn't see his expression. for he was already asleep and dropping his head deeply.

High-level sleep magic cuts the target's consciousness like a knife, making them unable to feel even the disconnection of mental waves. Even if Shirone's consciousness was revived and clung to the memories that had been cut off, he wouldn't feel anything strange.

"Shall we start soon?"

Arius is a scale magician who handles the mental system and uses a magic called Dive that penetrates the human mind.

Among the 12 levels of the human mind, it can penetrate anywhere except for the 12th level shell layer, which is the realm of intellect.

However, the environment inside the human mind was so dangerous that even 10 lives were not enough to dive recklessly.

So, most divers use a method of casting a net on the surface of the water and extracting only the information they want, and keywords play a key role in that.

Arius, who unexpectedly injected keywords into Shirone to remind her of Ataraxia, turned around and warmed up before casting her dive magic.

Even now, the place where dozens of divers die a year is the human spirit, but like a magician of the 7 Magicians, he cast magic without hesitation.

"Dive. Ataraxia."

As the breakaway spirit zone shrunk to an extreme scale, it infiltrated Shirone's head. At the same time, Arius' figure disappeared from the waiting room.

It wasn't until about 5 minutes later that he reappeared. He was on his knees and his clothes were wet with sweat, like someone who had been in and out of water.

Arius caught his breath and stood up slowly. After looking at Shirone with a puzzled expression for a long time, he was about to move on when he heard the official's voice from outside the door.

"Shirone-sama, the trial will be held in a while. Please join us."

Arius giggled and clicked his tongue, activating the Scale Wizard's proprietary flicker and disappearing from the waiting room.

"what?"

Shirone blinked and looked around.

I fell asleep for five minutes, but my consciousness was so neatly cut that it was like five minutes that did not exist.

In a state of consciousness that had been severed and then sealed, I could only think that Arius had suddenly disappeared while shaking hands.

'You're really new to it. Well, Armin-ssi was like that too.'

When there was no answer from Shirone even after a while, the official opened the door and came in.

"Shirone-sama, you have to come out now."

"Oh, sorry. I will go now."

Shirone followed the official into the courtroom.

The nobles of Kazura were seated in the jury, and two chairs were placed side by side under the judge's seat.

Instead of evidence, various tools were lined up in the place where evidence was kept, and alchemists and wizards were checking them.

Shirone sat down in the chair on the right and waited for a while. Loud shouts were heard from outside the courtroom, and the door opened.

"His Highness Orkamp is coming!"

Amidst the nobles standing up and being greeted, Orkamp entered with a commanding stride.

He looked at Shirone's condition without even paying attention to the other nobles. Arius must have already contacted him, but he did not know if he had succeeded in cloning Ataraxia.

"Let's get started."

Arius, who was sitting next to Shirone, gave instructions, and the judge proceeded with the examination.

The sorcerer drew blood from the two with a syringe.

The moment the needle was inserted into the king's body, the judge's atmosphere cooled.

After the blood was drawn to Shirone, the alchemist mixed the blood of the two species in a substance called oxtamine. When the beaker was shaken, the liquid changed from deep purple to transparent water.

The alchemist explained.

"Oxtamine-mixed blood will be kept under vacuum for three days. If the test is positive, the child is the parent, and if the test is negative, the child is not the child."

When the alchemist handed over the blood, the judge placed it in an alchemy chest called the Caspian.

When the lid was closed, the air was released and turned into a vacuum.

It was perfect for inspections that required security because it would break if even a little air penetrated into it.

The judge held up the caspi and announced.

"This Caspian will go into the Vault and be placed in the Inner Garden. The royal guards will monitor it 24 hours a day, and any noble who has permission to enter the castle can check it at any time. However, crossing the access limit line is strictly prohibited. If a separate monitor is attached, the identity must be registered within an hour."

Shirone nodded at the inspection department's judgment.

If you expose the safe to an unspecified number of people, you can't do nonsense because each other becomes each other's watcher.

"With the above, we will finish the inspection of the first prince of Kazura Kingdom."

The trial ended with the judge lowering the gavel.

Orkamp, ??like a busy man, left the courtroom without even saying that he had done a good job with Shirone.

Shirone, who knew Orkamp's personality, didn't care anymore. Rather, he was concerned about the fact that he hadn't contacted Reina since last night.

As a legal representative, I know that you are hectic because you have to pay for all administrative work. And because of that, he was able to spend leisurely like Hanryang.

But isn't that why you brought Amy? It was strange that no message had come, no matter how far away the lodgings were.



@



"Have you failed?"

Orkamp's face contorted.

It was the first time I had heard it since I hired Arius. It was also something that should never have been said.

The reason he took the criticism and scouted the criminals of the black line was because he believed in his skills. But what about failure?

"sorry. I succeeded in casting the net, but I couldn't replicate it."

Divers bring concepts sunk in the depths of the unconscious to the surface through keywords, and this process is described as casting a net.

"What is the reason? Didn't they say that if you just plant keywords, you will succeed unconditionally?"

"If it is a clone, it is still possible. It just doesn't have to be."

"Isn't that necessary?"

Arius put on a bitter expression as he recalled the situation at the time.

"Ataraxia was encapsulated."

"What is encapsulation? Is it a password?"

"Nope. Passwords are rules. Write 100 letters on a strip of paper that is 1 meter long. It is read by rolling it on a wooden block of a certain thickness and reading the letters reflected on one side. If the sentence is revealed, it is the password. So what about encapsulation? Write clear sentences on strips of paper one meter long. And then you throw it away randomly. There are no patterns, and you can't solve them. What I actually saw was not ataraxia, but an information cloud with all sorts of information tangled like threads."

Arius raised his index finger and continued.

"Then why is there no need to duplicate it? Keywords remind the opponent of a specific concept. For example, something like this. Apples are delicious. Then, an apology comes to your mind. But that's the apology you think, not the perfect apology. The perfect apology is dissolved in the unconscious in a preverbal form. In the end, thoughts revealed through keywords are just shadows. Usually that's enough, but when it's encapsulated like this, it's useless. If you clone an information cloud, it is just an information cloud."

Orkamp couldn't blame Arius. Because I understood. Also, to blame him would be to expose one's own ignorance.

"Then what are you going to do now? We absolutely need Ataraxia."

"First, let's talk to Shirone. I guess I'll have to look at Ataraxia myself to find a solution. What kind of information system is it, and what is the triggering principle? Only after that information has been gathered will I be able to speak. Of course, the door is installed so that you can go back in at any time."

"It's a demonstration of Ataraxia... ... ."

Orkamp didn't like Arius' proposal.

Since Shirone is a clever child, there was a high probability that he had guessed that he had not been invited to the royal castle simply for a paternity test.

If the original purpose was brought out in such a situation, the wounds that Shirone would receive would be enormous.

If it's to protect the kingdom, you can hear the stigma of being a mean father. However, he wanted to avoid a situation where Shirone refused to cooperate.

"Isn't that too blatant? I'm sure you'll doubt it."

"Your Highness, it is a major event in which the first prince changes. The Theraze faction will also try to see a match within three days of the test results. If we don't take advantage of the priority of negotiating with Shirone, the initiative will shift to Theraze."

Orkamp pondered carefully.

Do you embrace Shirone to the end, or do you use him and throw him away? Either way, the sooner the better.

"If you're going to do it, would it be better to be grandiose?"

Arius responded with a cunning eye smile.



@



On her way to her parents' quarters, Shirone stopped in the hallway on the second floor. An unknown official, the messenger of Zeon, was blocking the road. It was amazing how he found himself like a ghost in this vast castle.

"Shirone-sama, you should go with me."

Shirone straightened her back and pulled her chin in.

I certainly wouldn't call it fun, but avoiding it wasn't a good option.

Rather than getting stabbed in the back of the head while running away, it was more effective to meet them in person and see how they reacted.

"Guide me."

"It is also an excellent choice. Please follow me."

The official took Shirone to the basement. Because it was a place where goods warehouses were concentrated, the floating population was extremely small, and the division was complicated like a maze because of frequent expansion work.

The place we arrived at was the outermost one, and there was a door that could be entered further from the wall.

It was not a room that originally existed.

"This is it. Please go in."

Shirone pulled the doorknob without slowing down.

Contrary to the expectation that there would be a room, a square cave with a burning torch stretched out, and another door was installed 15 meters in front.

double entry door.

I don't think I would have chosen this structure for fun, but I couldn't come up with a convincing reason for that.

About halfway through the cave, the official slammed the door shut. It must have been to convey a message to someone.

Shirone, who had stopped in shock, took another deep breath and opened the second door.

It was an all white room.

It was all marble, not painted, and various items were displayed on the shelves along the wall.

I didn't see anything particularly luxurious, but knowing Ji-on's tendency, I felt uncomfortable.

Ji-on and Wu-rin were drinking tea at the table. Seeing Wu Lin relieved her a little, but she realized that even such a thought was dangerous and erased it from her mind.

"Come. what are you doing Come on in."

Shirone couldn't move his feet. Ji-on and Wu-rin were looking at him with mischievous eyes.

However, it was impossible to stand in front of the door all the time, so I stepped forward while being wary of all directions as much as possible.

At that moment, the floor suddenly collapsed and the body fell forward.

"Ugh! what!"

Shirone hurriedly raised his head. The floor was soft, so I wasn't shocked, but when I heard Ji-on and Woo-rin giggling, I was embarrassed to the point that even my ears turned red.

'What kind of floor is so soft?'

As I groped around while crawling, I touched the hard floor at a certain boundary.

"Are you okay, brother? I'm sorry for kidding you. But was it fun?"

Uorin came over and held out her hand.

Standing up holding her hand, Shirone looked back at the spot where he had fallen. There were no distinguishing features from other floors.

"What's this?"

"It's <mokomokoshin everywhere>."

"Anywhere... ... what?"

=======================================
[274] 1. Hostile friendly relations (3)





Uorin scratched the floor where Shirone fell with his finger. The transparent vinyl peeled off and landed in her hand.

"braided! That's it. Look at the floor again."

Unlike when Shirone fell down when he tried to press it with his foot, the hardness of the marble that matched common sense came through. I tried knocking it with full weight, but it was the same as expected.

"Are you curious? With this, you can take a nap even on rocky ground. Even this is possible. Take a good look."

Uorin walked over to the taller eagle sculpture and covered it with vinyl. Like a lie, the sculpture sank to reveal a flat floor.

She pressed down on her skirt, jumped up, and landed on her buttock. Her ass burrowed into her soft floor and her plump bouncing.

Her actions were childish, but Shirone looked at her seriously. I couldn't figure out what could be causing this to happen.

It's not science. It wasn't even magic.

Shirone looked around seriously. I finally realized why the items in the room were not luxurious. This was the place where the most expensive things in the world were gathered.

Uorin smiled and said.

"that's right. This is a place to collect objects."

I expected it, but when I heard the words that came out of my mouth, I was in a realistic shock.

It reminded me of the objects on the surface that belonged to Mara Baalb in heaven.

I shuddered at the bizarreness at the time, but the shock now was on a different level.

'You mean everything here is an object?'

Tableware is in the kitchen, books are in the library, etc. Arrangement is determined according to the function of the object. However, the items here were not arranged in random order, and there was no consistency in the order in which they were displayed.

At a rough count, there were about 50 or more objects on display. It was possible because the Theraze family ruled the continent.

While Shirone was lost, Ji-on approached. In his hand was the Spirit Journal.

The reaction was predictably cynical. He raised the corner of his mouth as if it were not the same, and said while holding a magazine.

"A genius wannabe wizard?"

Shirone didn't even want to respond.

"Of course, magic is a great power. I admit it. But, isn't that kind of ability nothing compared to an object? The annual salary of a 3rd class archmage working in Kazura Castle is about 30 million gold. How many archmages can I hire if I sell one of these items?"

"What do you want to say?"

"No matter how brilliant a wizard is, in the end, it's just a dog of the royal family. A ruler's talent is not determined by magic."

Zion held the spirit magazine at eye level with Shirone and dropped it. And he went back past Cirone, stomping through magazines as if he didn't know anything.

"It would be nice, since I can become the first prince in three days. how is it? Do you feel like a king already?"

Now that the paternity test is over, it is clear that the nobles' quarrel will become more heated. In such a situation, it was natural for Jion, the core of power, to check Shirone's psychological state.

"I should have said that, right? I'm not interested. When the results come out, I will go home."

"Huh, I guess so."

Zion didn't believe it.

Who in the world would refuse the king's seat? Even if there is such a person, it is because he has not yet tasted the sweetness of power.

Power guarantees all kinds of pleasures that human beings crave.

Once he becomes the first prince, no matter how much character development Shirone is, her thoughts will inevitably change.

"There is no use in pretending to be aloof. Because this is the kingdom Especially for me, that trick doesn't work."

Ji-on snatched <Mokomokoshin Anywhere> from Urin and threw it on the floor.

"With one toy like this, I could buy the whole magic school you attend. In an instant, I will become your teacher. Your master will have to crawl between my crotches. But what? Not interested in the throne? Do you think I would believe that?"

Shirone realized that Jion was an extremely materialistic person. The reason he went to school was to gain the intangible value contained in them, not the visible things.

I've heard that <Mokomoko Everywhere> is played on a scale of 100 million, but just looking at it as a child's toy, it was the same.

The ability of an object to break common sense could be worth as much as it was used.

For example, what if the safe containing the 'spirit's essence' was concealed?

No matter how expensive the object is, it is not even worth bread compared to the essence of the spirits, which are only 17 in the world (fire 2, water 3, wind 5, earth 7).

Once equipped, it is said that its value exceeds the budget of a small kingdom because it can cast magic of that attribute as well as block 100% of magic of the same attribute.

After all, there are many people in the world who absolutely need it, and they will spare no expense to get what they want.

Theraje's family could have bought it for fun, but it was just Zeon's misunderstanding to think that the object was expensive simply out of a collector's desire.

"I think it would be better to transfer <Mokomoko Anywhere> to someone else. No matter how good a book is, it is useless to someone who uses it as a pot stand."

"haha! That's the privilege of royalty. good book? Even gold will be used as a pot stand."

Shirone gritted his teeth and swallowed his anger. Since they were different from each other, they couldn't agree on even the smallest things.

"it's okay. I'll go back when I'm done talking."

Staying longer would only hurt my feelings, so I headed for the door, but Uorin ran up to me and pulled me by the sleeve.

"wait for a sec! I also have business with Shirone oppa. I have something I want to show you. Come this way."

Even Shirone couldn't refuse if it was Uorin.

First of all, he was a conversation partner, and there were times when he supported himself among the arrogant royals. Above all, she was the daughter of Theraje, who had great power.

"Quickly, quickly. Come this way."

When Shirone was taken away by Uorin, Ji-on laughed at him, but in reality his situation was not much different.

When Uorin said that she had business to do, she didn't say anything and just followed her younger sister.

After sitting Shirone at the table, Uorin brought a small box.

It was a structure with a shabby rectangular wooden frame and a hemispherical interior. In the center, there was an arrow-shaped pointer with finger stains on it.

"This is an objet called <Everyday Gift>. I leave a present once a day."

It is an easy word that even a child can understand, but Shirone felt that something essential was missing, as if there was no subject or object.

"Huh, isn't that strange? At first everything is like that. Objects are objects that fall outside common sense, so there are many cases where it doesn't make sense when you come across <Guidelines>."

"That's right. The weirdest thing is to leave it behind. who the hell It's just stuff."

"The <Guideline> has two meanings. First of all, gravity is required for <Leaving> to be established. Also, <going> is but not <coming>. Therefore, there must be a space that cannot be observed from inside or outside."

Shirone realized why the entrance door here has a double structure.

It needed a third place where people would not pass by either inside or outside.

"<Gravity> and <No Observer>. If these two conditions are met, a gift is given once a day. If you look closely at the roulette here, it is divided into four colors, right?"

Shirone turned her gaze to the direction Uorin had pointed to.

It may have been quite old, but the paint had peeled off, but the brightness was different. The size of the area was different, and the letters were engraved on the inside. It was difficult to see because it was blurry, but it was clear that it was not the language of Tormia.

Uorin explained the four areas one by one.

"The letters written here are the language of the Gypsies of the Eastern Mountains. In translation, it is a simple gift, a gift that feels good, an excessive gift, and a miracle. As a result of measuring radian values, modest gifts account for approximately 75 percent, feel-good gifts for 20 percent, excessive gifts for 4 percent, and miracles for 1 percent."

"Hmm... ... ."

The fact that 75% of simple gifts are present means that the difference in gifts is quite high. I was looking forward to the excessive gift of 4% probability, but I was more curious about what the miracle was.

It can only be turned once a day, so a simple calculation would take a miracle within 100 days. However, given the concept of probability, it could have taken much longer than that.

Shirone carefully pointed to the roulette pointer, lest it even touch her fingertips.

"Can I turn this arrow?"

"Yes. That's why I waited for my brother to come."

"yes? me?"

"Take a look. I will give the gift from here to my brother."

Shirone blinked at the unexpected words.

If he had as much wealth as Woo-rin, even the best gift would not attract him, but he wasn't the type to readily yield to others unless he knew what was going to happen.

"Probability... ... ."

In any case, it was an opportunity to directly experience the object.

Shirone also didn't have any particular desire for gifts. However, I was very curious about what kind of gift would come out.

Perhaps that is the value of this objet?

The excitement you feel while imagining a present.

In that sense, <Every Day Gift> was a play tool that understood human psychology very well. Unlike other gambling, there is no failure.

"At least a simple gift is guaranteed. Then can I try it?"

"Sure. That's what I do every day."

Uorin readily agreed and added an explanation.

"All you have to do is flick the tip of the indicator with your finger. As a result of the experiment, it was judged invalid if it did not rotate more than 10 times. That doesn't mean you're deprived of a day's opportunity, so there's no need to be nervous."

"Oh, that's right."

Shirone's eyes lit up with interest.

Why must it go more than ten laps? This is because if there is no limit on the number of revolutions, you can hit the whistle just by gently pushing the indicator.

'It's really strange. Even though it's an object, there are rules at stake, like eating out.'

At that moment, a good idea popped into my head.

"This, maybe I can keep getting miracles."

Then, Uorin's eyes lit up like Shirone's.

An eye to analyze an object from multiple angles is a prerequisite for an objet collector. In that sense, Shirone had the temperament of a collector.

"As expected, it's different because it's a wizard. You can adjust your senses and turn exactly 3,600 degrees, right?"

"right. Or hire a professional gambler. If you feel the sensitivity of the roulette and adjust the power, you can always pay the same price."

"Good idea. But unfortunately it's impossible. I've already done it. I think the position is probably determined through a specific random number conversion when the roulette wheel is turned."

"Hmm, doesn't that mean <Everyday Gift> is manipulating the probabilities? The fact that the miracle is 1% may be a lie. Wouldn't that be a fair gamble?"

If it is an object that gambles, at least the probability must be fair. Otherwise, there would be no need to have an interface to experiment with probabilities in the first place.

Uorin felt a strong sense of kinship with Shirone.

In fact, she had several other people play roulette besides Shirone. But she was mostly preoccupied with the gift she would receive rather than being fascinated by the nature of her object.

There were times when I saw him praying for an expensive gift to come out in front of the roulette wheel, and he got annoyed and left.

It is said that an object collector needs two things, one is an interesting object and the other is an audience who appreciates the object.

Although Zion occasionally found decent objects, he was a bit of a jerk when it came to his eyesight.

=======================================
[275] 1. Hostile Friendly Relations (4)





But Shirone was different.

In her opinion, <Everyday Gift> is meaningful in that you can feel the anticipation of a gift every day rather than material value.

In that sense, Shirone's propensity to explore objects had something in common with himself when he first acquired <Everyday Gift>.

"that's right. That's why I once invited a master of schema. He was a world-class professional gambler, although he cannot be named. I hit 10 times with the same force for 10 days, but the results were different each time. But I still see it as valid as a gamble."

"why? Did you find any other traits?"

Ji-on couldn't bear the boredom and yawned.

Of course, he knows that it is important to grasp the <guidelines> of an object.

However, such headaches can only be done by the lower ones. The royal family simply buys objects and enjoys them.

Either way, Uorin's gaze was focused only on Shirone.

"It is because of the statistics. It's been exactly 1,003 days since I got my hands on this roulette. In other words, 1,002 times except today. Among them, miracles came out twice. 823 simple gifts, 171 pleasant gifts, and 6 excessive gifts."

Shirone understood what Uorin was trying to say.

"Aha, probability and statistics roughly match. If so, the variable should be considered fair. Maybe that variable is something that humans can't control... ... ?"

Uorin pointed at Shirone and shouted.

"Exactly! The fact that statistics follow probability means that there is no trick. Therefore, this objet still has value as a tool for gambling."

Shirone rested her chin on her head and thought.

Statistically speaking, fair rules exist. But even the world's best gamblers couldn't pay the same. Then, in the end, it was said that it is a variable that activates in an area that humans cannot control.

"Is it an extremely sensitive sensor, or is it uncontrollable with muscle strength?"

"Yes. That's what experts say too. They said it would be an error at the quantum level."

It's the quantum level.

Certainly, it was impossible to control the weight of electrons, which are lighter than atoms, with muscle power. In the end, it means that although it looks childish, it is an extremely precise object.

Shirone inspected <Everyday Gift> more closely than before.

From the outside, it just looked like an old antique. Crude wooden case. A miniature clown was smiling and childish pictures were drawn on the hemispherical surface.

Suddenly, I thought of the children in the gypsy village having fun playing roulette. Normally, it would be a heartwarming sight, but now I felt a bit creepy.

"If a miracle comes out, what kind of gift will you give?"

Wu Lin's face hardened coldly.

"I can't tell you that."

Shirone stared blankly at her. Then she came back with a cute expression, sticking out her tongue as if she had never done that.

"Hehe, just kidding. It's no fun if you tell me in advance. Ah, come back now."

"Um, is that so?"

Shirone also stopped analyzing and prepared to go into battle.

I try to snap my fingers, but it is impossible to control with human power anyway.

Just leave everything to luck. Towards a childish future where only pleasure awaits.

"Then let's begin."

Shirone put her finger on the tip of the indicator and flicked it.

tyrriri. The arrow turned with a sound that could only be heard from a toy.

Uorin looked up at him with his eyes shining. Just this time, Zion seemed to be interested as well, so he crossed her arms and fixed her eyes on her roulette wheel.

When the indicator stopped, Uorin hit the table and stood up.

"wow! It is an excessive gift! This is a 4 percent chance!"

Shirone was so nervous that she couldn't even feel the joy of winning at such a low probability.

The roulette ran exactly according to <guidelines>. What will happen now?

smart!

Shirone turned to the door at the sound of a knock. But no matter how long he waited, he couldn't feel any more presence.

"come! Brother, get out quickly!"

Shirone walked quickly to the door. On the other hand, it took quite a long time to prepare the mind before opening the door.

As I pulled the doorknob, I saw a landscape of torches burning in a square cave.

Not even pretending to be popular, not a single fly flew around.

Shirone remembered <Gravity> and looked at the floor. There was a gift box decorated with a red ribbon.

A shudder ran down my spine when I saw the gift that appeared all at once.

This is an enclosed space. I didn't even hear the first door open. So, who the hell knocked?

"Brother, show me quickly. I mean, I'm curious."

At Uorin's urging, Shirone took the gift and set it down on the table with a feeling of embarrassment.

Ji-on and Woo-rin pulled their necks out like turtles and examined them.

"It's your brother's, so let him solve it."

When I pulled the red ribbon, the square bundle came loose by itself.

It was a romantic sight, but Shirone handled the gift with care, like an explosive.

"yes? What is this?"

The gift box contained a porcelain doll.

It was a three-headed girl with black hair that reached her ankles. Eyelashes were long, and jeweled pupils looked like real human eyes.

It wasn't a particularly grotesque form, but Shirone felt disgust to the point that he didn't even want to touch it.

It is said that the point where humans feel the most fear is the middle point between the unfamiliar and the familiar.

It was the same with porcelain dolls.

The proportions are messy and lifeless, but the hair, eyelashes, and eyes are the same as those of humans, which terrifies the viewer.

Uorin, on the other hand, opened her eyes wide and showed interest.

"Oh, this?"

Unknowingly, Uorin, who had lost her hand to the doll, hesitated and looked at Shirone. She may feel burdened if you show interest even after you promise to give her a gift.

Shirone readily yielded. He honestly hated even looking at him.

"It's fine. I don't know what it is, so take a look."

Uorin carefully took out the doll, fearing that the surface might be cracked.

Ji-on followed it with his eyes.

He had no knowledge of dolls, but he couldn't help but know that. It was her sister's main collection, which she herself had sought out and saved.

"It's El Crouch's non-jointed jointed doll."

"yes? El Crouch?"

Uorin pointed the doll at the ceiling light and looked inside the porcelain face. As expected, it was genuine with no traces of jointing.

Confident, she said belatedly.

"El Crouch is a doll maker. It is famous for not using glue. Only twelve items of Crouch's belongings have been released, but they all have owners. I also own four points. In short, this is an unpublished work. If we put it up for auction, we will start with at least 100 million gold."

"what? 100 million gold?"

Shirone's eyes widened.

The cost of living for a commoner family in the Kingdom of Tormia for a year was approximately 100 gold. Furthermore, the poor Shirone's house had to spend a year with 50 gold before entering the Ogent family's butler.

Even compared to the income of a wizard, not a commoner, it was a huge amount.

The average annual salary of a wizard who has just entered the profession is about 4,000 gold, and even a certified 6th grade wizard does not exceed 200,000 gold. In short, it was money that Shiina-sensei had to work hard for 500 years to collect.

From level 5 or higher, which is classified as a middle class, the annual salary varies widely depending on skill, but considering that the annual salary of a 3rd class great wizard in the capital of Kazra was around 30 million, 100 million was an amount that would make any noble look different.

'Wait, come to think of it... ... .'

The amount didn't matter. How could an El Crouch memento be selected as a gift?

If it is the work of an artist, it is definitely an object that exists in the world. If you don't give a gift after preparing it in advance, it can be said that you moved objects in a certain space in an instant.

"... ... How is this possible?"

"It is an object. Excessive gifts judge the value of scarcity. Once, a deep-sea fish that looked like a human face arrived. but died right away There is no guarantee that excessive gifts are necessarily expensive. In that respect, El Crouch's dolls are a great material advantage. It could be sold."

Uorin looked at Shirone.

"Hey, that's what I mean... ... ."

Shirone could guess without hearing.

He said he had already collected four dolls. She was ugly to others, but if you were a maniac, she couldn't be more lovable.

"Take it if you want it. This much can be given as a gift."

"Yes? Oh no! Until you need to! I was just going to buy this for 100 million. But I thought my brother would hate this kind of deal... ... ."

He seemed to remember that on the first day he was invited to the royal castle, he lost his temper when Eliza offered to buy a castle for Shirone's parents.

"haha! right. I don't need money. You can just take it. Objects are yours anyway."

If it was 100 million gold, it was a waste of money even for Shirone.

However, if the subject of concession was Kazura's supreme power, Uorin, it was worth giving up. No matter how good money is, it won't be more expensive than your life.

As expected, Ji-on distorted his face.

How would you go about owing a debt to your brother and your rival for the throne? No matter how immature he is, this time his thoughts were too short.

'No, is it really so?'

Suddenly, an ominous thought flashed through Ji-on's mind.

Uorin is a younger sister who follows her brother's words. Although she is Thera's direct successor, she has never disrespected herself.

But today was a little strange.

It was Uorin who decided where to meet Shirone.

Of course, she likes to show off her objects, so her choice of the gallery is understandable. But out of all the many objects, why was it <Everyday Gift>?

'Because it is the most probabilistic object... ... .'

If Shirone were caught on a modest gift of 75 percent, there would be no problem.

However, the result is an excessive gift of 4%.

In addition, the gift was a porcelain doll of El Crouch, which Uorin cherished so much.

'Uorin is not an idiot who owes anyone anything. Maybe he was testing the odds on Shirone? If so, she is weighing me and you with poetry... ... .'

Just imagining it made my throat burn.

Delusion. It's a mere coincidence. You should think so.

When Shirone wins even with a 4% chance, what does it mean that it is not a coincidence that Uorin chooses <Everyday Gift>?

Besides, she is the daughter of Theraze. Even if you pretend not to know, you will not be without the ambition of the king. Even if Shirone liked her, she wasn't a child with an empty head in her head enough to betray her biological brother who held Kazura's power.

"Ah, it's really pretty. Thank you, Shirone brother."

As Shirone looked at Uorin, who was happy hugging the porcelain doll, she understood why her older brothers cared for their little sister.

But the happy smile soon turned to worry. No matter how much I thought about it, the object was not a normal object.

"Uorin, you better not play this roulette from now on."

"yes? Why?"

Shirone looked at the <Everyday Gift> uncomfortably.

"It makes no sense. No magic can violate the principle of equivalent exchange. Even eating out of the rules is a kind of mental equivalent exchange. On the other hand, objects are so bizarre. If you keep getting gifts this way, you might end up paying the price someday."

Uorin blinked for a moment and carefully placed the porcelain doll in the box. She then sat down in her seat, propped her chin on her chin, and flicked the indicator of the <Everyday Gift>, which had no effect.

"Hmm, I know what you mean. But nothing in the world is 100% safe if you put it that way. For example, there are more deaths from kitchen knives than objects."

"But there are fewer users of objects than kitchen knives. There's a difference between 1 in 10 dying and 10 out of 100 dying. You can't just measure it by numbers. Besides, I heard that there are definitely people who die as objects, right?"

Uorin held out the <Everyday Gift> to Shirone.

"It was 240 years ago that this object first appeared in the world. And some of the people who owned these things actually died a miserable death."

=======================================
[276] 1. Hostile friendly relations (5)





"Equivalent exchange of good fortune and unhappiness?"

"Nope. It's not an object's problem, it's a human problem. The first owner of <Everyday Gift> was a shoemaker living in the lower class. I probably made a lot of money. But he couldn't overcome the compulsion. The day when he got caught in a simple gift became extremely depressing. That was 75 out of 100 days. Eventually, he developed a mental illness and went crazy after playing roulette all day."

It was a phenomenon that occurs when humans fall into probabilities.

In fact, people who are addicted to gambling and go down to the finish line do not gamble to make money. All they wanted was the pleasure of winning a battle of odds, and money was just a tool to get it.

"After so many years, <Everyday Gift> passed into the hands of a certain nobleman. It's not like you're the kind of person who only looks at roulette because they don't have enough money. But one day, by a miracle, I won. And... ... ."

"And?"

Uorin pursed her lips, imagining the situation at the time.

"The family is ruined."

"Damned? why?"

"If you get caught in a miracle, give me an object. The object the noble received is a small stone called <Nemesis>, and when it comes in contact with it, the user's imagination becomes a reality within a radius of 20 meters. The noble who obtained <Nemesis> was absorbed in his imagination every day. You know my brother. That's why, human desire... ... ."

Uorin wiggled her index finger and clicked her tongue, perhaps embarrassed to say it.

Shirone immediately understood. He also didn't think it was necessarily bad.

All human beings live with desires, and balance with reality is achieved through imagination.

The problem was when that imagination became a reality.

"Anyway, that's how it got ruined. And <Nemesis> left to find a new owner. It is still very popular among fans. But I don't think I can last long. In some cases, they returned to the auction house after a month. Of course, it is true that objects are dangerous. But that's a human problem, not an objet problem. In fact, most of the owners of <Every Day Gift> lived a comfortable life."

If so, Shirone has nothing to say. But the feeling got worse.

If it's not particularly dangerous, what the hell is an object? Why is this stuff going around the world?

Shirone turned her attention to <Everyday Gift>.

For an object to give birth to an object was like a goose laying golden eggs from the collector's point of view.

But at the same time, I thought it was terribly destructive. If there was no limit to the production of objects, the world would perish someday, if not immediately.

When I confided my thoughts, Uorin also agreed to some parts.

"There is a possibility. Although not in our generation. But it will be fine. Even if it is an object, its durability is not as strong as other objects. It is bound to break down over time. Among the items that have been miraculously discovered so far, the most dangerous is <Nemesis>. At the Curia auction, <Nemesis> is classified as A grade. <Everyday Gift> is also grade A. I guess I can't give you a gift that's higher than the grade."

Curia is a world-class auction company, and I had heard about it from Nade before.

However, Shirone paid more attention to other words than that.

<Everyday Gift> cannot give you a gift higher than your level. At first glance, it seemed plausible, but it made no sense.

"How is that possible? The rating is determined by the auction company, but there is no way the object knows the standard. Could it be a coincidence? Even after 240 years, the frequency of miracles is low. It is also true that there is not enough data to make statistics when considering the probability of an A grade."

"It could be, but... ... ."

Uorin didn't confirm or deny it, and spoke in a vague manner. Shirone's idea is certainly common sense, but when you own more than 40 objects personally, you will inevitably get new information that is not accessible to the general public.

One of them was a VIP membership card issued by the Curia auction company. On the back of the card, there are warnings written, and if you look there, you can see this phrase written in paragraph 1.



<Documents>Objects are not guaranteed to be 100% safe for users.



Members look at paragraph 1 and ask the curator for an explanation. Then, the curator gives a few examples from which the origin of the object can be inferred, and if you listen to the stories, you can see that the warning in paragraph 1 is not just a threatening phrase.

But Uorin kept quiet about this.

Curia's VIP membership is not something you can join just because you have a lot of money. There must be an allyship consciousness toward the object.

Abusing privileges to non-VIP members was an act of devaluing the object itself.

However, Terase's pride would not allow her to stop playing, so Uorin gave Shirone a chance to realize herself.

"Come this way. I will also show you other objects."

Uorin guided Shirone to the ledge. The first thing I introduced was a magnifying glass that could be obtained anywhere.

"This is an object called <Only Once!>. It shows a person's bare skin."

"You mean through clothes?"

"Yes. But it only works within a distance of five centimeters."

Uorin shook her head and illuminated Shirone's lower body.

Even though she had already listened to <Guidelines>, Shirone crossed her legs involuntarily. Wu Lin stuck out her tongue and handed her a magnifying glass.

"Hehe, oppa, try it."

Shirone illuminated her arm with a magnifying glass.

At first, the fabric was only magnified, but when brought closer, bare skin was revealed.

"that's interesting. But if it's like this, I'd rather see it openly."

"that's right! If you spy on a woman, you'll be caught right away. Isn't that why <once only!>?"

"haha! Maybe. But depending on how you write this, it will be useful. I think the armor will also be clairvoyant, so I can use it for inspection."

Shirone returned <Only once!>.

"What principle? clairvoyance."

"I haven't checked yet. The ability of an object does not necessarily follow the function of the object, so it could be the ability of the handle or frame. In fact, it is not a high-grade object. I bought it by chance, but I just keep it to match the number."

Even in Shirone's opinion, it seemed inferior to <Everyday Gift>.

The next object Wu Lin introduced was a bookshelf. The works of prominent scholars were tightly packed.

"This belongs to Ji-on. It is an object called <Philosopher>. If you put a book on this bookshelf, the contents come into your mind even if you don't read the book. With Kazura typesetting, you can put about one hundred and twenty-four books. However, keep in mind that if you remove the book from the bookshelf, the memory will also disappear."

Shirone was bewildered. It was a shock of a different kind from <Everyday Gift> that the content of the book came into my head just by putting it in.

"How can a bookshelf connect to a person's head?"

"Well, that is surprisingly simple. Some of the objects tend to belong to the user. This is called the <Contract Ceremony> in the auction. In a word, <The Philosopher> is an object of <Contract Ceremony> and is in a state of belonging to Ji-on oppa. This is a B grade by Curia auction standards."

Syrone looked at <The Philosopher> ecstatically.

I don't know about other things, but I really wanted this <Philosopher>. I seemed to know a little bit why collectors fall for objet.

Woorin introduced me to several other objects, and when I put on a headband called <Beauty>, I could exercise for an hour while losing consciousness.

It is possible to lose weight without difficulty, but there are many times when I make ugly movements, so the <guideline> was to lock the door as much as possible.

There was also an objet called <Soulless Massage>. It was a pair of red and blue stones, which, when held in both hands, contracted the painful area and relieved the muscles.

When Shirone tried it himself, it was quite cool. Arms, legs, shoulders, ankles, and soles were massaged at the same time, and I felt so good that I lost my mind. Even though I didn't feel the warmth of people, the effect was the best.

'So it's <soulless massage>? This is probably D-class.'

Thinking that far, Shirone's eyes widened.

The name of the object you have encountered so far. In addition, it is a grade that even an outsider can judge. These two facts were telling the secret of the object.

'I see. Objects... ... .'

<Everyday Gift> does not give objects higher than grade A. However, for that <guideline> to hold, one of two hypotheses must be followed.

Either the object knows the criteria of the auction company, or the object itself has a fixed value.

The answer was the latter.

Objects have their own value from the moment they are born. This is because all functions are directly related to human desire.

The fact that the purpose was too clear to be regarded as a naturally occurring object meant that it was an artificial product of an intelligent being.

The desire to be pretty, the desire to gain knowledge, the desire to receive gifts every day, the desire to make your imagination a reality.

In that sense, <Nemesis>, which fulfills the highest level of desire, deserves an A-class rating no matter what anyone says.

'Then what is S-class?'

Turning around the saying that <Everyday Gift> doesn't give more than an A grade, it means that an S grade exists.

Even Shirone thought it was highly likely. This is because humans have animalistic desires, but also higher-order aspirations.

If <Nemesis>, the highest peak of animal desire, is A-class, S-class is likely to be an object containing rational aspirations.

'Whoops. He seems to have caught on a little bit.'

As Shirone thought for a long time, Uorin smiled happily. It is to collect objects with this taste.

On the other hand, Ji-on's insides burned.

It was the first time Wu Lin had held anyone in the gallery for so long other than a VIP member of a Curia auction.

'That child dares... ... .'

To Ji-on, Urin was more than a sister. Because it is the most powerful weapon he has. More than royal blood runs through his own veins.

'Why? What is that illegitimate child talking about?'

Unaware of Zeon's seething emotions, Shirone quickly looked at other items.

Now that I look at it, it was a tremendous resource. Most of the objects lined up along the shelf were of C or B grade, but occasionally A grade was also noticeable.

It was a luxury that even the king of a country could not afford. It was possible to guess how powerful Uorin, the direct descendant of Theraze, was.

After examining all the eastern ledges, Shirone turned her gaze to the north. However, the place was bleak and empty, with only one sword on display.

"yes? Uorin, what is that sword?"

"It's <Demon Sword Armand>. It's Ji-on oppa's favorite object."

It is the most precious thing for Jion, who regards even gold as insignificant. It wasn't particularly flashy for something like that.

There were no treasures of five colors attached to it, and there was not even a scabbard. But, strangely enough, there was a feeling that fascinated people. There seemed to be a subtle design difference that could not be distinguished by the senses of the general public.

However, that evaluation disappeared the moment I saw the jewel embedded in the center of the handle. The presence was so overwhelming that it was impossible to look away.

As if Armand was calling her, her feet moved spontaneously. When she came to her senses, he had already reached the north wall.

The moment I slowly reached out my hand and tried to grasp the handle of the sword, Zion shouted.

"That's mine! Don't touch it."

Even after Shirone backed away in surprise, Ji-on's distorted expression showed no signs of improving.

<Demon Sword Armand> is a <contract ceremony> object that belongs to the user. But its presence is so strong that it sometimes reaches out to other users.

The exact <guidelines> for the criteria for selecting users have not yet been revealed, but the fact that they seduced others in the presence of the owner was unpleasant in itself.

Shirone came to his senses and asked Ji-on.

"Oh, I'm sorry. stop without me knowing But is this S-class?"

"You know what? On the subject of not being able to live even in the middle of the day. Get off my sword quickly. Where does an illegitimate child flirt with luxury goods of the royal family?"

Shirone frowned and turned around. No matter how <Demonic Sword Armand> was an S-class object, I didn't have enough pride to pay attention to it even after hearing this.

Ji-on, who watched the scene, changed his mind. Wouldn't that be a good thing? It would be good to take this opportunity to show the gap between the royal family and mountaineers.

=======================================
[277] 1. Hostile friendly relations (6)





"great. If you're really curious, I'll introduce you specially."

"No, I don't... ... ."

Before Shirone could finish his words, Zion held out his hand to the sword.

"Come on, Armand."

A clear sound of metal spread through the room.

The moment Shirone turned to Armand, the sword that rose by itself was sucked into Ji-on's hand.

Shirone twisted her body again following the movement of the sword, and stopped moving in a hurry. Before I knew it, there was a knife blade in my throat. The cold metal vibrates, and high-frequency sounds circulate in my ears.

Uorin, whose hobby was interrupted, struggled.

"brother! Why are you doing this all of a sudden?"

"You stay still."

This time, Zion could not yield.

When I glared at Shirone, my lips naturally twisted. Even when the blade entered his throat, his unafraid eyes made him mad with annoyance.

"what's the matter? I was suddenly speechless. Do you think I will kill you?"

Shirone was alert to the vibration she felt under her chin.

The Spirit Zone had already entered. The nature of Armand, transmitted through synesthesia, was truly bizarre.

Is this really a sword or is it a creature?

"Why no answer? A genius wizard?"

It was a petty remark to spit out after a surprise attack.

Of course, Shirone had the confidence to deploy teleportation faster than Zeon's reaction speed. However, he did not guarantee that he would be able to dodge the magic sword flying through the air.

Taking Shirone's silence as approval of defeat, Jion burst into laughter and withdrew his sword.

"ha ha ha! can't you too? My guess was correct. Articles in magazines are all exaggerated. At best, what is the best talent for a student subject... ... ."

Uorin put her hand on her waist and said with a voluptuous expression.

"Brother, you are too harsh."

Zion didn't even listen and threw Armand away.

The demonic sword emitting cold light swiftly and stealthily flew back to its original position and stood up.

Shirone realized belatedly that there was no pedestal to support the sword from the start.

"You know why I don't kill you? because it's not worth it Even if it's not me, there are many people who hate you in the castle. Maybe you felt I mean this morning."

Shirone did not understand what Zion said. In the morning, I was busy with paternity tests, and other than that, there was nothing unusual.

If I had to pick one, would it be that I couldn't get in touch with Reina?

However, if something happened there, it would have been normal if rumors had already spread in the capital.

"What are you talking about? What about this morning?"

Then, this time, Ji-on tilted his head.

Even though he was unlucky, he knew better than anyone that Shirone was not stupid.

In the end, it was said that Reina, the legal representative, blocked the information going to Shirone in advance.

'Hmm, you're not a normal bet either.'

I took it easy because she said she wasn't a family head, but she was a woman who was more resourceful than expected. She does, but that's why she must have been from the Ogent family.

In any case, it was clear that she did not want the events of the night to come to the surface.

It was a bad decision, but it was an excellent decision.

"Hmph, now that I see you, you are such a pitiful bastard. After all, even your allies don't trust you. You're the only one in the castle who doesn't know what happened last night."

Shirone cried and said as if questioning.

"So you ask what happened?"

According to Zeon, Reina knew about it. How could she not know what she knows?

It will not be an out-of-power notice. However, I had no idea what the circumstances were that even Amy couldn't let go.

"it's okay. I will go and ask myself."

Thinking that Ji-on couldn't hear her, Shirone walked to the door, but Uorin, who had been listening until now, opened her mouth.

"If I go, I probably won't be able to meet you. I heard you moved houses last night."

Shirone looked back at Uorin while holding the doorknob.

This was also the first time I had heard of it. What the hell is going on around you?

"You moved? Where?"

"I didn't hear that either. My brother's legal representative added a non-disclosure clause at dawn. Perhaps you can find out when you go to the audience room."

It was said to go directly to the highest power and ask.

Besides, it's a non-disclosure clause. It was not a powerful diplomatic tool, but it was an aggressive response from Reina, who was relatively weak.

Sensing that the situation was not serious for the first time, Shirone left the gallery without looking back.



@



An awkward silence fell in the gallery where Shirone left.

Ji-on glanced at Uorin. Whether or not she was aware of the tsarist atmosphere that pervaded the space, she was just engrossed in drinking her tea. As it is, even if an hour passes, she won't even raise an eyebrow. Her sister was such a woman.

"Whose side are you on?"

"What are you talking about all of a sudden? Are you on the side?"

Uorin asked with an innocent expression.

Ji-on finally exploded in anger.

"Why are you being nice to Shirone? That bastard is my enemy! An enemy trying to steal the throne! Then of course you have to help me!"

Uorin was burdened by the blatant request.

"Why is my brother like this? We've never had a conversation like this before. Could it be that you wished for that and were good to me? Because I'm Theraze's daughter?"

"No, it's not like that... ... ."

Zion's face heated up.

People in the world wouldn't know how humiliating it was to hear something like this from my little sister.

In fact, she helps just by being there.

As long as you hold out your business card that you are Uorin's older brother, any aristocrat will spare no support. He was the one who had eliminated countless enemies with his mighty firepower.

Perhaps Uorin knew. And yet, he never once said anything about it.

So good. But I never thought it would come back like this like a boomerang and stamp on my back.

'Sheesh! It's going to come out like this, right?'

Ji-on turned around with a sad heart and blew his nose vigorously.

In an atmosphere where it seemed like she would never speak to her again, Wu-rin sighed and patted her pouting brother on the back.

"Oh, yes. okay. Can't you think of me? It's just that it's awkward for us to talk like this. This is one of the reasons why the royal family is divided. After all, there is no one to threaten my brother here. What are you so afraid of?"

Zion also suddenly had a question.

What the hell are you afraid of?

Shirone is just an illegitimate child with no connections or foundation. The only thing to be put forward is the reputation of the humble wizard society. Archangel's ability? This was a royal castle teeming with archmages.

"okay. I was narrow-minded. Sorry."

Zeon immediately changed his stance. It felt good that her sister cared about her feelings.

Uorin said a few more things that Jion wanted to hear before returning to her seat.

Unlike Ji-on, whose mouth was stuck in her ears, she stopped pouring tea as if she was tired and exhaled a long breath toward the ceiling.

'Whoa, anyway, men.'

2. The alternative trap (1)





Shirone went to the administration office and requested an audience.

Permission was issued in 10 minutes. The work was done so quickly that I wondered if there had been an order.

Upon arriving at the audience room, the Royal Guard opened the door. Orkamp, ??dressed in clothes, was waiting.

"I was just about to call. Come this way."

Shirone sat across from Orkamp.

I was trying to figure out where to start, but Orkamp answered before I even got to the question.

"The family's accommodation has moved to an annex. Don't ask the official to guide you."

A quick explanation sounded like an excuse.

However, they did not come to the king merely to find out where to stay. What Shirone wanted to know was more important than that.

"What on earth do I not know?"

Orkamp sighed.

Being a king is, after all, a dead end position. Reina could have run away from the difficult question, but he couldn't.

"There were five assassination attempts from last night until dawn. Three cases of poisoning, two cases of assassination. Lethal doses of poison have been detected in the food that feeds the family. At dawn, an assassin was caught every hour in the apartment of the royal family. I couldn't find out who was behind it because I committed suicide, but it's a fact that everyone knows that I was aiming for you."

Shirone felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer.

Assassination is something a person commits. But the unexpectedness was so strong that it felt like a natural disaster.

"Why are you trying to kill us?"

"What do you mean? Did you really think that nothing would happen?"

To be honest... ... It was.

Of course, it wasn't that I was careless. However, it was a completely different matter to be sure that the enemies would move into action two days after arriving at the capital.

"I don't know. Assassination of a candidate for the first prince is a felony. If the background is revealed, even if the family perishes, it will not be enough. Does it make sense to finish such a major event in just two days?"

"Do you think they are stupid? No, Shirone. Rather, it is a very reasonable and clever judgment. It's about stabbing the blind spots in your thinking."

"of thoughts... ... blind spot?"

"Assassins fall into two categories. Assassin and Hitman. Among the orthodox Assassin's proverbs, there is something like this. 'People don't kill, circumstances do.' It's enough to avoid black. But the situation is unavoidable. If I had to kill you anyway, yesterday was the best time."

Shirone corrected the error in his thinking.

It was not that he was oblivious to the danger of assassination. But on the other hand, it was undeniable that there was an underlying thought of 'Could it be now?'.

"Assassins aren't good at using swords, they're good at directing situations. That's why one Assassin is more terrifying than 100 escorts in a royal castle. They poke the blind spot of thinking. Once you get caught, you have no choice but to surrender your head knowingly."

Orkamp is right.

Why were you so relieved?

No, it's not that level of delusion. You cannot live by checking every part of your thoughts. Even if I corrected one thought, they would have come in looking for another blind spot.

"Shirone, don't try to analyze everything with your head. The castle is a place teeming with wild beasts. There is no coward here who misses the time to act out of fear, no matter how great the cost of failure."

Orkamp stood up and walked to his desk. And he said, pouring a strong drink into a crystal goblet.

"Raina made good judgment. Anyway, after 3 days, you can become the official successor. If we fight in the mud for no reason, we will only lose. So pretend you don't know."

Shirone clenched his fists.

I admit that Reina's judgment was correct. But even his parents could have died.

"You mean you're just getting hurt? You can use this as an excuse to fight back."

Orkamp smiled bitterly.

"Then let's ask. Who do you think is behind it?"

"Of course, the Theraze family... ... ."

Shirone stopped talking.

Is it really only the Theraze faction that is targeting him? That, too, was a blind spot in thinking that hadn't been looked back until now.

"... ... I do not know."

"Yeah, I don't know. It is not an exaggeration to say that the change of the candidate for the first prince is the movement of all the interests of the kingdom. Anyone other than Theraze faction has the motive to eliminate you."

Shirone looked at the people on the suspect line.

Countless people's faces passed by. Even Orkamp... ... .

"Does everyone want me dead?"

Orkamp returned to his seat with his crystal glass.

"If Theraje is behind it, it must be a kind of warning. If it's neutral, it will be to see the reaction. Because they want an accurate source of who you are."

"A warning? It's a lethal dose of poison. If you eat it, you die. Even Amy, who followed innocently, almost died."

Orkamp gulped down the strong drink. Shirone is overexcited, but maybe that's normal.

To the average person, assassination is a very distant concept. He could be robbed or run over by a wagon, but if he lived through the day thinking that an expert murderer was targeting him, he would go mad within a month.

lived such a life He lived with the assassin for the rest of his life, eating, going to the bathroom, and giving birth to children. The self who completely forgets with a sip of strong alcohol is rather abnormal.

=======================================
[278] 2. The Either/or Trap (2)





"Shirone, even a beautiful butterfly is just a monstrosity if you look closely. The world is beautiful for no one but you, and it's always not good to express your feelings. Especially if you want to protect the person you love."

Shirone calmed his excitement with a deep breath. Now was the time to take action rather than get angry.

"What can I do in the future?"

"Show your strength. If they want to have a standard of judgment on whose side they are on, providing an accurate source would be one way."

Orkamp finally spoke the words in his heart.

"I will make a seat for you. Demonstrate Ataraxia. If you show your strength there, at least you will be clearly distinguished from peers. Then at least I won't touch my family."

Shirone's gaze went down. While my mind calmed down, the hot energy passed through my esophagus and caught in my throat.

"That is... ... That's the real reason you called me."

Orkamp let out a small breath. As expected, he couldn't lie to Shirone.

"Have you heard of Valkyrie? An army organized by Theraje to prepare for the final war. The reason Kazura Kingdom was able to survive economically was thanks to orders for weapons of war there. But the situation is not optimistic. The reason Theraze planted his children here is so that one day he will drive me out and devour Kazura. We must further strengthen our influence within Valkyrie. If it's your Ataraxia, it's quite possible."

Shirone felt the power drain from her body. She vaguely guessed, but when she heard these words from the person she believed to be her biological parents, her tears welled up.

In the end, bloodlines didn't matter. What they wanted was ataraxia, the ability of an archangel.

"Please. give a demonstration Just showcasing it in front of aristocrats will have a powerful ripple effect. This is our chance to win the neutrals over to us."

Shirone struggled to swallow the flowing tears. Orkamp isn't crying, so he shouldn't be crying either.

"Did you think I would obey you if you said that?"

"On the contrary. So I'm thinking of making a suggestion. The other day you said you wanted to go home. Is that idea still valid?"

"No, it is not valid. Because I want to go back even more than then."

Orkamp wasn't offended by Shirone's sarcastic comments.

"If you give me a demonstration, I will send you home as soon as the paternity test is done. It's good to go to magic school, it's good to do anything. If you don't want to come to the royal castle, you don't have to come. How are you?"

Shirone couldn't just pass by this proposal.

After experiencing the royal castle, unlike the first thought, returning home was not an easy task. In that situation, Orkamp's offer was certainly palatable.

"But if that happens, Ataraxia won't be usable. You will need me eventually, so how are you going to convince the ministers?"

Orkampf was uneasy, as if he had been found out. He proposed the demonstration for a purpose far greater than attracting neutrals.

Arius said that if he saw Ataraxia himself, he would be able to find a way to duplicate it.

Once cloning is successful, Shirone is not needed. No, rather leaving the castle was a good thing. Even for Shirone's life... ... .

"That's why a secret deal is necessary. I will announce to the ministers that you are graduating from magic school and returning. Did you say 1 year? In the meantime, I will purify the Theraze faction. After that, everyone can go their own way."

In the end, it was said that the deal would be nullified if the Theraze faction could not be purged.

However, Shirone also nodded as if it was natural to take such a risk. As long as it was guaranteed for one year, it didn't matter if I kept my promise or not.

After graduating from magic school, I was thinking of moving my residence anyway. It's enough to think that the moving distance is a little further away.

At least, wouldn't it be possible to live like that until you grow strong enough not to be shaken by the kingship?

"Who will observe the demonstration?"

"I have already sent you a message. All high-ranking nobles will gather. They are expecting a spectacular show."

Shirone looked at Orkamp with sad eyes.

"You knew from the start that I couldn't say no."

"Shirone, this is the proposal you first asked for three days ago. I was just making excuses for it."

Orkamp was cold until the end.

But thanks to that, Shirone regained his composure. Not for Kazura. I was thinking of doing it for her family.

"OK. Call me when you're ready. I have to go see my 'parents' now."

In my mind, I just wanted to leave. He also knew that even if he did, Orkamp wouldn't reprimand him.

However, Shirone was polite and walked out the door.

Orkamp was the king of a neighboring country.



@



Arriving at the dorm, Shirone checked the safety of her parents.

My eyes were puffy as if I hadn't slept all night. Fearing to worry her child, she tries to smile, but her Olina's face is as pale as a sheet of paper.

Even herself, who had learned magic, had her heart racing, but it must have been too much of a burden for her, who had lived her entire life without harming others.

'I'm sorry, mother.'

Amy, who greeted Shirone, did not pretend to be cheerful, but did not show a nervous expression. She just smiled bitterly and raised her hand to welcome her.

From her appearance, Shirone felt a strong comradeship.

Reina, who was having a meeting with the attendants in the next room, greeted her with a bright expression.

"You're here, Shirone. I was waiting for you."

Even though everyone was haggard, Reina was full of energy. Certainly, like a royal court musician, he seemed to have become accustomed to the atmosphere of the royal castle.

It was fresh to see a new side of her, but I didn't feel very good at this moment.

it's not that she's ugly But no one will know how she felt about being a fool for a day, leaving her family's life in her hands.

"I came to meet Orkamp."

Reina's expression hardened.

From the way he called the king by name, as well as from Shirone's cold voice, you could guess how angry he was with this incident.

"Sorry for not telling you earlier. But I'm afraid you're worried... ... ."

"I know why. But everyone was at risk."

Rayna swallowed her saliva. It was an expression that Shirone only showed when he was really angry.

It felt like my heart was frozen when I saw it. Did your father feel this way at the time?

"It's fine now. Security procedures have been strengthened. Ask the guards to further strengthen security... ... ."

"You should have informed me."

Reina's mouth closed like a clam. Then Amy, who had been watching her in disbelief, let out a sigh of relief.

'That's why I have to tell you.'

It's because I overlook how much Shirone loves her family, and it's been a long time since I've been in the middle of a long time.

But to be honest, Amy had nothing to say. Even though she clearly expected Shirone's reaction, she followed Reina's judgment because she was right in the end.

I'm still angry like this, but if I had known at the time, the situation could have gotten out of control. There was no way that Shirone would not know that fact. So, in the end, it was Reina's victory.

Vincent couldn't hide his embarrassment and told Shirone.

"Shirone, Reina-san said that she had no choice but to be in that position. Besides, it was decided after asking for our understanding. You'd better be angry with me."

Shirone lowered her head. He knew that from the beginning.

I was just angry.

His family suffered from assassination threats, his real parents were obsessed with ataraxia, and now, when he thought that even Reina was ostracizing him, he shuddered.

"sorry. I know Reina-sister saved us all. just... ... It was so frustrating that I did it without even realizing it."

Reina sensed a weak cry in Shirone's voice. What the hell did she hear from Orkamp, ??so that the normally strong child came back in such rags?

"No, I'm sorry. It was sad enough. It's one of my duties to let you know. In the future, I will report without omission."

When Shirone tried to smile, Reina let go of her breath as well.

As expected, this child was the most beautiful when he was smiling. So she didn't want to see her sad face even more.

To leave the castle safely, you must be cool. Even if the same situation came up, Reina was going to make the same judgment.

Amy asked when the two people's feelings were settled.

"So what did you say in the audience room?"

"Ah, that... ... ."

Shirone said what Orkamp suggested. Amy thoughtfully thought about her and nodded her head.

"Hmm, that's a good suggestion. Of course, if you keep your promise."

"doesn't care. After graduation, you have to move anyway. I think the next problem is to go there and think about it. So, for now, I accepted the offer."

"Indeed, it is. Neither do I."

The reason why nobles have the concept of their home is because they move around depending on their job.

Amy's older brother, Diane, is also the leader of the archers in the royal castle, and especially the explorer's second brother, Ares, was traveling around remote areas, so it was unclear which country he was currently in.

Worldwide, the employment rate of wizards is about 80%, and the employment rate is close to 99%. The reason why the employment rate is lower than the employment rate is because there are quite a few wizards who refuse to work.

However, the competition is so fierce that most students move to Baska, the capital, to look for jobs or prepare for official exams after graduating. If both were not available, it was common to go abroad to study.

Creas also had a magic institution, but Shirone also had no intention of ending her magical life in a provincial town.

In the future, if he reached the official rank of 5, he might be appointed as the deputy head of the Kreas branch of the Magic Association, but there were many things he wanted to do right now.

Alpheas Magic School is a government-designated institution, and when you graduate, you get an unofficial 10th-level wizard license. Once you get a license, you can live as a mercenary because the guild gives you a job. Then you don't have to buy a house, so it will be comfortable for you to move around.

I thought that if I met a good relationship after living like that, I would be able to settle down somewhere.

As if supporting Shirone's will, Amy clapped her hands and encouraged her to fight.

"great! If we're going to do it, let's do it right!"



@



The Colosseum was built in a basin 2 kilometers north of the Khazra Castle. In the past, it was a huge gambling table where warriors engaged in bloody battles with wild beasts and nobles bet money, but now it has been closed indefinitely for financial reasons.

Traces of blood were left on the uncleaned sand floor. No matter how much the workers swept it with a broom, the red bloodstains could not be erased.

The nobles entered with an escort, and Amy and Reina also took their seats on the third floor.

Orkamp was considerate of Shirone's feelings and allowed her parents to observe, but since Olina was in a weak state of mind and body, she decided to stay with Vincent at the dorm.

Shirone was waiting for the time in the waiting room in the basement of the Colosseum.

Exercise equipment and punching bags used by champions were scattered around, and various weapons were displayed on the shelves.

The iron door of the waiting room opened and Ji-on and Woo-rin entered. As if it was the first time in the underground waiting room, Uorin looked around.

Shirone no longer welcomed anyone. After learning what had happened last night, everyone looked like enemies.

Ji-on approached with a straight step and said.

"It is a very desolate place. What were the warriors waiting for here thinking? Please don't get eaten by lions? Or maybe he was thinking of breaking down that door and escaping."

"No, he must have vowed to kill the enemy. Because that is the only way left for a warrior."

Zion smiled crookedly. As expected, words are no match for magicians.

=======================================
[279] 2. The Either/or Trap (3)





"Hmph, the snout is still alive. What's the point of putting on this clown show? Didn't your father say he'd make you a king later?"

"I should have said it clearly. I am not interested."

Ji-on turned around without even listening to him with the back of his ear. Then he walked along the wall and admired the scenery of the waiting room.

In fact, today's demonstration schedule was surprising to him as well. It was because I didn't know that Orkamp would come up with a real sword game so quickly.

But in the end, it was said that it was also very urgent.

Jion, who made a wide roundabout in the waiting room and arrived in front of Shirone, made an enticing proposal.

"I will send you home."

Shirone asked with a puzzled expression.

"What are you talking about?"

"You say you're not interested in being the first prince? Then the price you get for this demonstration is freedom. i'm going to give it to you No matter how much you avoid Kazura's eyes, you can't avoid Thera's eyes. Because we play worldwide. But what if I let you go? Kazura will be mine and you will be free. Aren't they good for each other?"

It was such a sweet temptation that it was hard to refuse. But it was not an easy matter to accept.

Empress Theraze said that she planted Zeon in order to swallow Kazura. So, if Zeon becomes king, Orkamp and Eliza will die. If we don't sever the legitimacy of the royal family, we won't be able to plan for the future.

"What do you want me to do?"

"Simple. You're ruining the show. If it's an archangel's ability or something, just screw it up. And speaking to nobles. In fact, the rumors are exaggerated, it was luck and success, not magic that a lowly person like me can do, like this."

Understanding, Shirone nodded.

Today's demonstration is a political venue. Whether the nobles believe the lie or not, the moment the white flag is raised, the game is over.

The only thing that bothered him was the deaths of Orkamp and Eliza. Is it really okay?

No matter how many children they abandoned, they at least kept them alive. Do you have the right to repay that dust of grace with death?

"I'll think about it. No, give me time to think."

"However much. The answer will be heard at the Colosseum anyway. Whichever you choose, Kazura is bound to fall for me anyway. Use your wise judgment."

Shirone lowered her head and heard the sound of Ji-on leaving. But it was so complicated in her head that she couldn't care.

If you help Orkamp, ??you will be pursued by Theraje faction for the rest of your life. However, if they stick to Zion, Orkamp and Eliza will die.

'What do we do? What the hell are you asking me to do?'

After recovering her pet cat that was wandering around the waiting room, Uorin said goodbye to Shirone after getting ready to leave.

"Brother, do your best."

Shirone looked up at Uorin with lifeless eyes. She probably knows her own dilemma. But apart from words of consolation, she offered no advice.

I conveyed my urgency with earnest eyes, but she tilted her head and smiled as if she did not know anything.

Shirone looked at the ground with a resigned expression.

What are you hoping for? Isn't there a chance that there will be someone to help you in the castle?

At that moment, Wu Lin sighed.

"Sigh."

And he said in a calm voice.

"You want me to help you?"

Shirone raised her head again.

Wu Lin was still beautiful. However, the bright feeling that had been revealed just a moment ago had disappeared.

"Of course I can help."

Uorin took a couple of steps back as if reestablishing a sense of distance.

"But they may not help. The important thing is plausibility. For example, let's say there is a rich man who owns 100 billion gold. That person is about 1 gold, it doesn't matter if you give it to anyone. But it doesn't. Not because the money is wasted, but because there is no possibility. If you give 1 gold to someone for no reason, you have to give 1 gold to everyone in the world. My brother still doesn't have a chance. So you must come up with a reason to help him."

"I... ... What should I do?"

"That, too, belongs to my brother. A lot could be lost in this demonstration. But it's also an opportunity to get something more precious than that. I hope you make a wise choice."

Uorin finished with those words and headed for the door. The beautiful smile that Shirone had been expecting could not be seen until the end.

Left alone in the waiting room, Shirone was lost in thought. She was analyzing her words at the last moment of her choice.

'I see.'

Losing a lot was the material damage that occurred when the first prince was given up. Conversely, obtaining something precious meant the lives of Orkamp and Eliza.

If Zeon becomes the king of Kazura, Uorin will have a chance to help himself.

That is, she is saying this. I will guarantee the lives of her real parents, so I will hand over the kingship to Zion.

'Yeah, that's enough.'

Shirone is determined to ruin the show.

Perhaps Orkamp would be disappointed, but in the end, he was saving his life, so his responsibilities as a child were fulfilled.

A lamp on the ceiling lit up and a loud siren sounded.

After organizing her thoughts, Shirone entered the elevator installed on the wall. When the switch was lowered, the elevator went up to the ground with a clatter.

When I arrived on the ground, all I could see was the closed darkness and the iron bars installed 10 meters in front of me.

The sunlight was weak because it was before the sun went down, but the champions of long ago must have looked at the intense sun in broad daylight and reflected on their hopes for life.

The bars went up, and Shirone walked to the center of the Colosseum.

Ji-on was right when he said it was a clown show. As many eyes were aimed at her, she felt as if she had been stripped naked.

The target was standing in the direction of the sunset. It was a shabby wooden plank, as if she had found it as a last resort while in a hurry.

Not stoning, but getting magic with that? If it was meant to be ridiculed, it was perfect.

I sneered at the thought of a dispute over even choosing one target.

"From now on, we will have time to verify the qualifications of the candidate for the first prince."

To verify the qualifications of the candidate for the first prince. It was certainly a good excuse to set up as a clown.

Shirone saluted Orkamp and said:

"Your Highness, magic is a powerful force. Otherwise, the property may be damaged. I would like to ask for your understanding first."

It meant that the precious target could be destroyed. It was a blow to the crowd mocking him.

Orkamp quickly saw through and supported Syrone's will.

"Nothing to worry about. A target is just an excuse, as long as you can show off your skills, it doesn't matter what you do."

Shirone felt as if he had given them a shot. But in the end, all I could do was this.

Feeling a bit embarrassed, I turned around to the target. With everyone holding their breath, they concentrated and cast their halo.

An intense light like a star stuck in the space and began to slowly move and draw a huge circle.

It should be drawn as large as possible.

After 2,000 battles, Amy heard that Halo could shock those with sensitive senses. If so, she would surely be able to reach someone in this position.

It may be a meaningless resistance, but I couldn't create any variables without doing what I could.

When Halo was finally completed, a radiant halo appeared.

Amy looked around quickly.

First of all, Reina frowned. It was said that if she felt the pressure in Halo, she had considerable schema sensitivity.

On the other hand, the nobles were calm. Since most of the nobles at the center of power were administrative, they were far from schemas or spirit zones.

But those who kept them were different. Everyone was desperately biting their teeth.

'Hmm, they're definitely strong guys... ... .'

Ji-on and Uorin didn't seem particularly shocked.

Since she didn't expect it from the beginning anyway, Amy looked in the direction where Orkamp was.

To be precise, it was a tall man standing behind Orkamp.

Many masters exist in this place, but none has been as tense as that man. Besides, he was covering his face with his right hand, as if he couldn't get used to it even now.

'Shit! I was surprised.'

Arius decided to believe in the existence of souls. It was because the moment the halo was born, I felt something in my head fly outside. It was such a terrible shock.

It was surprising for him, who had never been mentally stunned for more than one second after entering Madou 7.

'You implemented an immortal function in a form. Is that the basic mental system of the Nephilim?'

After completing the analysis of Halo, Arius calmly waited. With this demonstration, he intended to figure out the mechanism and find a way to unencapsulate it. As the ataraxia started accumulating, his eyes shone intensely.

'it started! The first one is either way. Is it binary based?'

Beginning with the first magic circle embedded in the center of the halo, a shower of light rushed in.

Aristocrats admired the splendid spectacle, but Arius organized all the concepts integrated into Ataraxia without missing a single one.

'algebra. Musho geometry. Multiple arithmetic equations. Vanessa grooming. Sphere Integral. Eisen Relativity. And that, Hagel's paradox?'

As concepts piled up in Ataraxia, my thoughts began to overload. My head was on the verge of exploding.

As the integration process passed the middle, even the zeta function, the cutting edge of human intelligence, appeared. It was a kind of hypothesis that was supposed to contain the blueprint of the universe in order to discover the pattern of prime numbers.

Arius stopped thinking. No, he couldn't think.

After the Zeta function, everything was a concept I hadn't seen before, and it was being embedded in Halo at breakneck speed.

analysis not possible.

'Damn it... ... .'

As the integration was completed, Ataraxia was born as a colorful and integrated concept. It was the reality of super-magic amplification that humans could never realize.

Arius shuddered with defeat.

I only understood 65% of the entire circuit. Compared to what Shirone gave up at the 17th percentile point at the time of being possessed with Ikael, he had an amazing level of intellect, but even if he didn't know 1%, he didn't know everything.

Shirone looked at Ataraxia floating in front of her eyes and was lost in thought. Your life changes depending on what you choose from now on.

After about 10 seconds, the nobles who were watching closely gradually lost interest.

Knowing how important one second is in real combat, they were only disappointed with Shirone's inexperience.

"what are you doing? If you're going to do it, if you're going to do it, don't do it."

"Your personality is indecisive. Or do you need something more preparatory?"

The nobles who lead the archmage couldn't be patient with a student-level demonstration. As voices of dissatisfaction came out here and there, Jion also added one voice.

"haha! Original rumors are exaggerated. There are so many high-ranking wizards in the royal castle, how can only aspiring wizards be verified with this?"

Then, those who were presumed to be the Theraje faction helped each other out.

The atmosphere left them to take care of themselves, and Ji-on looked down at Shirone arrogantly.

Now the plates are all laid out. All that remains is for Shirone to confess her shortcomings.

Shirone listened to the voices coming from all directions. As expected, most of them were Zeon's gang.

'Okay, let's stop. From the beginning, it was too strong an enemy for me to deal with.'

Shirone hung her shoulders weakly and opened her mouth.

"I am... ... ."

The first words of an important announcement came out, but the aristocratic murmur showed no signs of stopping.

Realizing that her voice was too low, Shirone inhaled and filled her lungs with air so everyone could hear.

'for a moment... ... .'

Then, all of a sudden, I had a strange idea.

Is giving up the right decision?

It was a thought that came to me out of nowhere, pushed up not from my head but from my body.

=======================================
[280] 2. The Either/or Trap (4)





I've never judged someone else's possessions in my life. The inertia of those 18 years raised the alarm bell of doubt.

 Then it felt like my head was spinning.

This is an either/or trap. This is because it is a battle that Zeon will win no matter what he chooses.

The reason why the logic of either option is scary is that it blocks the possibility other than the option in advance. By presenting bad and worse things and inducing them to choose the bad thing, they gave the illusion that they had benefited, but in reality it was playing into the hands of the enemy.

Shirone realized that he had misunderstood Urin's words.

No one gives you 1 gold for no reason. In other words, there is no one to help those who give up.

It was a mistake to think that Theraze's gang would spare him if he begged with a servile expression.

The castle is the den of beasts. Even if you show weakness, you will only eat the flesh that clings to your bones.

That's what Uorin wanted to say.

Bark if you want to live. Grit your teeth and growl. Swing your nails lest anyone think you're easy prey.

The moment you stop fighting, all the beasts in the castle will rush to eat you.

"Whoa!"

Shirone finally exhaled air.

I don't know how long I held my breath, but the air rushed out endlessly. It seemed as if all the thoughts in her head were drained out.

As my mind cleared, I saw the target clearly.

Shirone stood up properly and prepared to cast her magic. But the nobles still only snorted.

In their opinion, if Shirone had brains, he should have developed his skills quickly and spectacularly somehow.

It's enough for experts to judge magic skills, and what they want to confirm is Shirone's will. With such a lukewarm attitude, no noble could be persuaded.

But Shirone didn't care.

will become a beast

When I concentrated my mind with such thoughts, a photon cannon was born as if it exploded in front of me.

Shirone endlessly compressed the photons. The sphere of light shook violently as it repeatedly contracted and expanded.

Amy was horrified to realize that the casting of the Photon Cannon was taking much longer than usual.

In the 2,000 confrontation, even though his mental power was almost exhausted, it was the power that caused the system to go down. I couldn't even imagine what the result would be if I passed the strongest Photon Cannon through Ataraxia.

'not there yet. I can't get enough of this!'

Shirone continued to compress the sphere of light.

From the beginning, there were no enemies or allies here. The Terraze gang and the Orkamp gang were all thinking of using themselves.

'more... ... more!'

Tears welled up. The memories of the three days flooded in at once.

As he remembered his mother's fear, the photon cannon rapidly compressed and turned into a white light that could no longer receive photons. The photon cannon, the size of a human head, swayed wildly as if it were going off center.

Amy jumped up from her seat. She was too extreme, and she was dangerous in that she could not predict the future.

However, before she could shout at Shirone, the photon cannon penetrated Ataraxia. Having already experienced it two thousand times, she closed her eyes tightly and twisted her body.

Flash!

A huge tunnel of light appeared in front of Shirone, pushing everything in the way. even waiting.

A roar exploded, paralyzing people's eardrums, and the intense light erased their vision for an instant.

It was all dark for a while.

As my eyes adapted to the landscape, the world revealed was completely different from a second ago. Not only the inner walls of the Colosseum, but also the ridge that stood in the distance disappeared. Particles that had disintegrated into dust floated on the ground like a huge smoke screen.

When the wind pushed away the dust, the traces of the Photon Cannon appeared. The flat land that dozens of wagons could pass stretched all the way to the horizon.

The nobles were surrounded by high-ranking wizards. The swordsman looked out for his son-in-law around the mage who was frowning and setting up a strong local barrier. If Shirone had shown even the slightest suspicion, he would have run into the Colosseum.

"Such audacity! What are you doing!"

The fat nobleman slammed his chair down and jumped to his feet. The other nobles were also trembling in the same way.

What would happen if the magic was cast toward the bleachers?

The swordsman must have cut his throat the moment Shirone turned around, but it was a matter of regulation. In fact, weren't they also nervous about the idea of ??magic being demonstrated by students?

The fat nobleman repeatedly cursed at Shirone. However, he quickly shut up at the words of the wolf-looking nobleman sitting next to him and sat down.

It was a position already approved by Orkamp. If he rebelled here, it would be no different than exposing his identity.

"I, that child... ... ."

Ji-on trembled with anger.

Not only did he chew his proposal like chewing gum, but the formidable power of magic shattered his pride.

Does it make sense for humans to push mountains?

No, even if it was possible, it was at the level of a great wizard.

That a mediocre would-be wizard wielding such abilities was a testament to how unfair the human world is.

Until now, Ji-on had refused to be equal with anyone, but now she was jealous and couldn't stand it.

Power beyond measure must only belong to royalty. If such power is given to an illegitimate child who has no power, wealth, or status, how will the country survive?

"I definitely heard the answer, Shirone. Let's see!"

Ji-on shouted for everyone to hear and headed for the exit. A number of aristocratic groups escaped after him.

It might be Theraze group, but Shirone didn't care. After casting the full-powered Photon Cannon, I was just trying to hold on to the consciousness that was staggering as if it would fly away in a storm.

This was the first time I had cast Ataraxia and not collapsed. It was also thanks to his increased durability, but it was proof that he was enduring with such a strong heart.

Shirone turned her head with intense eyes. Wu Lin was still in his seat. But her response was to raise her eyebrows softly and raise the corners of her mouth in a mocking manner.

She got up and whispered something to the cat and left the Colosseum without regret.





3. Late Night Ball (1)





Orkamp's steps were faster than usual.

Although he is not easily excited, it was difficult to control his emotions this time around.

I was able to calm myself down only after I pushed through the door of the study and drank the water placed on the desk.

Ataraxia.

It was truly catastrophic magic. No, is it new now?

What he saw was the power of the archangel, the supreme commander of heaven. And he was told that there are seven other archangels of equal power in heaven.

Suddenly, I felt skeptical.

Will Valkyrie be able to deal with it alone?

'it's okay. Let's not look too far. It's good for me anyway.'

If only Ataraxia can be cloned, it is not a dream to join the 'Holy War', the highest national representative meeting of the Valkyries.

The 12 most powerful monarchs in the world.

Although the position of the 'Three Emperors', to which Empress Theraze belongs, was unreasonable, the 'Seven Kings' below it were worthy of being overlooked.

If that happens, Thera will also have no choice but to acknowledge Kazura's independence.

What would it feel like to manipulate the world's economy, culture, society, life, knowledge, and art at will? Orkamp was already imagining that.

"How is it?"

As Orkamp asked, Arius appeared from a corner of the study.

Appearances like this would be unpleasant from the ruler's point of view, but Arius was stubborn.

But today, unlike before, it wasn't unusual. His face was as flushed as Orkamp's.

"It was definitely great. Ataraxia, this is a wonderful ability."

"I am not talking about that. Can you duplicate it now?"

"Impossible."

Orkamp thought he had heard wrong. But his own ears were normal.

He tried to suppress his rising anger, but it was far from calming down.

So far, I've done whatever Arius asked for. It was a demonstration that he even pushed through while sticking a dagger into his child's heart.

"Why not? Is this again encapsulation?

"That is the primary cause. But even if you break the encapsulation, it's the same. Ataraxia is an ability beyond human conception. In short, even Shirone himself does not know."

"Does that make sense? I saw Shirone cast Ataraxia with my own eyes. Does that mean Shirone is not human?"

"In a sense, yes. It's because the human body contains something that is not human. Shirone doesn't understand and cast Ataraxia. How about explaining it like this? It just happens."

Orkamp's eyes grew cold.

"Tell me straight. You must convince me in this answer."

Feeling alive, Arius finally stopped laughing.

"The most likely is that Ataraxia is etched very deep into Shirone's subconscious. Maybe not close to instinct? Then, it is not strange that Shirone uses her abilities even if she does not know the principles. It's not that you understand how to breathe and breathe."

"Instinct. If so, wouldn't it be okay to extract it from there?"

"well. Instinct is said to be maternal consciousness, and it is an area that is influenced at the genetic level. Even if I'm a professional grave digger, it's impossible to dive that far. No, to be precise, you can dive, but you will be crushed by Shirone's unconsciousness."

Orkamp banged the desk.

I've been saying no to it ever since. What's more, I can't dive because my life is precious now.

"Do you know that I hired you just to listen to that? If you don't get Ataraxia... ... !"

"There is one way."

Orkamp changed his expression as if he had never done that.

Well, the 7 Madou Girls of the Black Line wouldn't have boasted of their incompetence without any countermeasures.

"Sorry for not telling you earlier. However, this can be a bit tricky. Perhaps His Highness will need resolution as well."

"If you're determined, it's always done. What way?"

Arius looked around and whispered in his ear. Normally, he didn't care whether Eliza eavesdropped or not, but this time it was good to be cautious.

"What, what?"

Orkamp raised his eyes in horror. Arius' eyes, on the other hand, narrowed like snakes.

I didn't know when he was smiling, but his expressionless face was like a poisonous snake.

"It is the only way."

Orkamp touched the desk with trembling hands.

"Yeah, that can't be. Do you know what that means?"

"of course. But with this method, you can definitely get ataraxia."

Orkamp let out a heavy breath.

get ataraxia In Valkyrie, she has the ability designated as Triple S.

Kazura's Independence. seven planets. Several thoughts ran through my mind.

"But... ... Do I really have to do that?"

"Your Highness, I've told you many times, but I don't have time. It is time for quick decisions."

Orkamp shook his head.

It took time. Even if they do, how will they deal with the aftermath that will follow them? You should also have a plan in place for that.

"Give me a moment, a little time to think."

Arius' face contorted viciously. But when Orkamp raised his head, he returned to smiling as usual.

"Of course, it takes time. Okay. Call me when you are sure."

Arius bowed and left the study.

As he walked quickly down the hallway, he leaned his back against the wall in an empty place and spat out curse words.

"Sheesh, stupid child. pathetic guy It's like peckish."

Of course, Orkamp's reaction was normal. After calling them bloodlines they found after 18 years, they made them endure all kinds of humiliation and insults, and now they are trying to steal even the most precious thing.

However, there should be no limit to the king's ruthlessness. This can work, that can't, and having a barrier to judgment in this way meant that the bowl was small after all.

If you start hesitating, you won't have anything. Even if you follow the suggestion belatedly, remorse will distract you. Such people would one day ruin everything.

'It's disappointing, Orkamp. I thought he was a ruthless monarch, but he's no different from an ordinary nobleman.'

=======================================
[281] 3. Late Night Ball (2)





Most of the black lines are wanted criminals. In particular, Madou 7 Girls are stigmatized as world-class heinous criminals, so they need an absolutely safe hiding place to stay in one place.

Working for such an inferior master, one would sooner or later end up hanging on the guillotine. When her thoughts reached that far, she couldn't help but worry about her own safety.

"Hmm, shall we organize this place soon?"

The reason Arius hasn't been caught so far even though the Red Line's bounty hunters turn on the light in their eyes and chase him is thanks to his sixth sense, which catches hit and run in an animalistic way.

The senses that had been refined over 10 years of escapism were warning her that it was dangerous if she did not leave now.

'But I'm sorry to end it like this... ... .'

Ataraxia. The best catch in a grave robber's life was caught in the net.

The reason he jumped into robbery was to satisfy the intellectual desire of the unlocker, although material value also played a part.

In that sense, Archangel Ikael's abilities were definitely something to behold.

'Shall we pretend to be crazy and dive to the first level? No, it is impossible alone. Especially since the unconsciousness of wizards is much stronger than that of ordinary people. That's why I can't stick to Orkamp.'

Arius, who had rested his chin on his head and was lost in thought, slowly raised his head. Then he looked back into the empty hallway and said with a thin eye smile.

"What happened?"

When Ji-on's aide, an unknown official, appeared from around the corner, a cynicism was built involuntarily. The official is neither a wizard nor an assassin. But, as always, he didn't make his presence felt until he made his mark first.

"There is someone who wants to meet Arius-nim."

Arius knows what Zeon is. However, the official did not disclose the owner's name.

It wouldn't be nice to know that Arius, an aide to Orkamp, ??and Zeon, the core of the Theraze faction, secretly met and traded.

"It's a nice suggestion to hear. Please guide me."

As the official turned and walked away, Arius watched the old man's Achilles tendon.

They are walking without even making a sound.

It looks as light as a cat, but the calf muscles hidden in the robe must have been extremely developed.

That doesn't mean he's a great master. To put it bluntly, is it the craftsmanship of a person who devoted his life to helping his master?

'Huh, it's a really fun place. royal castle.'



@



"Damn it! That son of a bitch totally blew me away!"

A glass bottle thrown by Ji-on hit the gallery door. The glass shattered and the cat sleeping on the floor threw itself.

Either that or not, Uorin sat down at the table and put the cup to her lips and passed it over.

"Why? i was good You were gorgeous."

Ji-on glared at his sister.

Her dubious personality is usually cute, but when the situation was like this, she was hateful to the point of death.

"I have to go out on my own. You can't just leave Shirone alone."

Uorin said while stroking the chin of the cat on her lap.

"It was threatening. What would happen if I cast the magic towards the bleachers?"

Recalling the situation at the time, Ji-on blushed.

Just as Uorin said, it was terrifying power. No matter how high-level the bodyguards were, there would have been casualties.

"That's right! You declared war! It must have been revenge for my sword!"

"Do you think that went too far? It could be that he was just angry."

"It's the same anyway! The lowly thing ignored my suggestion! I won't let you go!"

Then someone knocked on the gallery door.

Sensing that it was Arius, Zeon calmed down and went back to the table with his sister.

"come in."

Arius opened the door and came in. It was the only place where you could meet Ji-on and avoid people's attention, but the atmosphere was unusual today. Jumping over the shards of glass on the floor, he bowed politely.

"It's been a while, First Prince. Oh, the young lady was there too."

Ji-on gasped and snorted. In the current situation, even the title of first prince was nothing more than a facade.

"Sit down for now. I have something to tell you."

Arius made a gesture of forgiveness and sat down on a chair, and Uorin poured tea.

Receiving the teacup with both hands, he turned to Ji-on and asked.

"What did you call me for? Are you tired of the object I brought you last time?"

Uorin waved her finger and corrected it.

"Ah, I didn't save you. It was definitely sold for money."

"haha! If you follow me, that's how it will be. But do you know that it is not something that can be obtained with money? It is an object."

Ji-on didn't want to engage in trivial small talk.

"Objects are not the problem."

"Oh, what if?"

"Don't turn around when you know it's obvious! now it's clear The reason why his father called Shirone to the royal castle. Is it to steal Akraxia?"

"It's not Akraxia, it's called Ataraxia. And what about robbery? If possible, please call it extraction."

Ji-on took a deep breath and calmed down. If you got caught up in Arius' clever conversation, you wouldn't be able to get to the main point even after a day.

"therefore... ... How far did that plan go?"

"Hmm, that's difficult even for the first prince. First of all, since I belong to Your Highness, I cannot disclose confidential information."

Zeon held out his hand to the north. As Armand flew in and clung to his hand, he immediately swung it and aimed it at Arius' neck.

"Am I not kidding? You better speak straight."

Arius took a sip of tea as if he only had time after the knife came in.

But there were many thoughts running through my head.

Ji-on is nothing more than a spoiled brat. Armand, on the other hand, was a cumbersome weapon. Although he had saved him, it was truly a waste of money for a lesser royal family to possess.

"If you ask me how far it has progressed... ... Maybe 49 percent?"

It wasn't a lie. Everything is half started, and I haven't even started yet, so 49% is appropriate.

Realizing the meaning, Woo-rin burst out laughing, but Ji-on, as if he thought he had made significant progress, pressed forward with a surprised expression.

"Never stop. No, get rid of Ataraxia altogether. Would it be possible for a grave robber?"

Arius sighed.

He said he was like a pathetic guy. How could it be an archangel's ability that came over to the world, but only a king or something could remove it as a great number?

Ataraxia was a treasure trove of mankind that should be analyzed someday, even if it was not robbed by itself.

"I will say it again, as a hired body of Your Highness... ... ."

"I will give you any amount of money."

Arius kept his mouth shut.

So far, he has made a huge amount of money trading with Zeon. Of course, he tends to enjoy robbery rather than money, but he broke up with Orkamp anyway. Lastly, if you make it big and carry it, wouldn't it be possible to get a retirement pay?

"Hmm."

Arius, lost in thought, finally revealed his true self.

When the cool snake's eyes were revealed, Ji-on got goosebumps even while aiming the knife at him.

However, the pupil hidden by Arius' slender eyes was not directed at Zeon, but at Urin.

'It's beautiful.'

It's not something you'd feel for a fourteen-year-old girl, but she was wonderful. In addition to her mysterious appearance, Terra Xera was a truly desirable fruit with her halo.

So far, I've analyzed the minds of countless people, but I couldn't figure out what Uorin was thinking.

When I first started working as a diver, there was a time when I indulged in the fun of looking into the secret desires of humans.

Truly dirty, ugly, and even grotesque desires.

But after more than 800 dives, no human spirit feels new.

In such a situation, Wu-rin was a resource that could show him a new world he had never experienced before.

If I could dive one last time before dying, the target would be Uorin, not Ataraxia.

"First, let me tell you the exact progress. Currently, Shirone's Ataraxia cannot be extracted. Because it is encapsulated. But if you want, you can take out the whole ataraxia and give it to the prince."

"Are you giving it to me? Ataraxia?"

"Yes. The power of an archangel is to be possessed by the prince."

Ji-on swallowed his saliva. At this moment, his face was pulled out of Orkamp.

No, anyone who confirmed the power of Ataraxia would have the same reaction.

However, he immediately recognized the error in his words, as if this was not the case for Uorin.

"Didn't you just say extraction was impossible?"

"If it's the normal way, yes. Ataraxia is presumed to be staying in the depths of Shirone's consciousness. In a word, it is too deep. The deeper you dive into the psyche, the stronger the ego's resistance. If it's a deep-sea level, you'll be buried as soon as you enter it."

Zion gathered Armand and asked.

"But how are you going to dig?"

"There is one way."

Arius intended to do the same as the offer he had made to Orkamp.

But, unlike before, it was sluggish.

If the situation can be reversed, now is the last chance. The moment I bring out this proposal, I completely dislike Orkamp. He also said he had to leave Kazura as soon as the job was done.

"say! How can I have Ataraxia?"

As Zeon pressed on, Arius spoke in a cold voice.

"To harvest Shirone's brain."

Not only Ji-on, but also Woo-rin showed a surprised expression.

"Brain... ... Are you extracting?"

"To be precise, it is to collapse Shirone's unconscious. Consciousness is governed by the brain, but unconsciousness is connected to the body. Separation of the brain from the body thus significantly weakens the resistance of the ego, even down to the depths of consciousness. Of course, you don't have to open up to the skull. It just needs the top of the neck."

Arius pretended to slit his throat with his thumb.

Ji-on nodded as if he understood.

"In short, you can kill Shirone."

"well. Because I don't like inductive thinking. You don't necessarily die just because your throat is cut, do you? I'm not trying to kill Shirone, I'm just telling you how to safely infiltrate your unconscious."

Zion was inconsiderate. It is unlikely that the remarks made today were not related to the assassination of the candidate for the first prince.

"You don't die by cutting your throat? Absolutely insane."

Arius laughed as if he had been praised.

"There is something I learned while living as a grave robber, and there is no person in the world who is not crazy."

Ji-on rejected the opponent for crazy words and went to the main point.

"If I bring Shirone's head, can I extract Ataraxia?"

"If you ask if it is possible, it is possible. However, too much time should not pass. You have to go in at the same time as the throat is cut. 'Just in case', when death is reached, the mind also disappears."

"So fast? If your head is cut off, your life will last only about 10 seconds."

"In the unconscious, time passes slowly. The door is set up, so go in as soon as you cut Shirone's head. From there you will dive to level 1. And then we dig the real Ataraxia. Then it will be yours."

Ji-on inflates his cheeks and hoo! exhaled, and he walked around the gallery.

Even so, it's an overt assassination. Maybe it's too hasty?

no, this is correct As time goes by, the number of neutrals attached to Orkamp will increase. If anything had to be done before the paternity test results came out, today was the right time.

Arius read the killing spree in Zeon's eyes and smiled with satisfaction. He was certainly more of a king than Orkamp.

Arius asked as if he had already heard the answer.

"Then, how much would you like to buy it for?"

Ji-on also responded by not refuting.

The negotiating table is now set. After thinking it through, he offered a reasonable bid.

"2.7 billion gold."

Arius asked with a slightly unwilling expression.

"Hmm, Armand's transaction price was 3 billion gold, right?"

"So what? Are you saying that bastard's magic is worth more than my demonic sword?"

The 2.7 billion that Zion assumed was the amount that came out of that.

=======================================
[282] 3. Late Night Ball (3)





"well. I'm just a seller. Since you saw the demonstration yourself, isn't the original presentation made by the buyer?"

Jiyeon bit her lip.

No matter how much you deny it, the reality is clear. Ataraxia had a much higher value than Armand. No, I wanted to have it by any means, regardless of its value.

"Four billion. It's almost all of my possessions. Will this be enough?"

"Well, four billion."

If it was 4 billion, it would be enough to build four magic schools at the current market price. But Arius didn't like it.

Honestly, no matter how much I gave it, it was the same.

<Demonic Sword Armand> was also sold for 3 billion won, but if it was sold at Curia auction, it could have been presented with a blank check at least S grade or higher.

Nevertheless, the reason why it was not handed over to the auction is because it is a stolen property.

Of course, most of the objects are stolen goods, but there was room for the tails to be trampled on by the pursuers if the stolen items were put up for auction.

Money was not very important to Arius anyway, so selling it to Zeon, the safest, was the only business left.

When Arius showed that he was not satisfied with 4 billion, Jion became impatient. This is because the desire for something that is not easily obtained grows even bigger.

However, if the funds were stripped away, it would only add about 700 million won to the current amount.

Uorin would have ten times as much as 4.7 billion, but it would be foolish to waste money on a single opportunity to ask her for help.

Since Arius isn't obsessed with material things anyway, Jion decided to pull out the last card.

"In addition to that, I will make Theraje stand in line."

As expected, Arius' eyes sparkled.

Theraze, the emperor of Kashan, is one of the three emperors with the most power on the continent. If he can get her asylum, he won't have to live as a fugitive anymore.

However, Jion did not have the authority to request personnel appointments. Uorin was the only gateway that could enter Theraje's line.

Ji-on looked at his younger sister's expression with a sidelong glance and asked.

"Uorin, can you do that?"

It's the first request in my life, but I'm sure it will be the last request. With Ataraxia, you can win and win on your own.

Just once, just this one time.

"Then Shirone oppa is going to die?"

"Perhaps. There is no guarantee that you will die just because your head is cut off."

Knowing that his sister has a crush on Shirone, Zion said the crazy thing that Arius did. But it was a pretty good pun to get around.

"Hmm."

Uorin put a finger on her lips and looked up at the ceiling.

I don't want to get involved in Kazura's politics, but I feel sorry for Jion's struggles lately, and on the other hand, I feel sorry for his incompetence. It seems like this will be the last chance anyway, so it's good to patronize.

"OK got it. I'll tell Mom."

Ji-on let out a sigh of relief.

It was ironic to feel nervous about what a family could have done, but permission was granted anyway, so it didn't matter anymore.

"Okay, the deal is done. 4 billion, plus Theraze line. Behead Shirone tonight. And bring me Ataraxia."

Arius blinked and raised his hand.

"wait a minute. Are you telling me to do that now?"

"What are you talking about? If the grave robber doesn't do it, who will?"

"No, that's because the prince doesn't know, this is a professional job. I am an expert in grave robbery, but combat is not my major. I especially hate seeing blood."

Zion looked at him in bewilderment.

No matter how many non-combat mages there are in the world, they have the fighting power to overcome dangerous situations.

Is it reasonable to say that humans, who just a moment ago were raving about having to have their brains removed, say they don't want to see blood?

"Does it make sense that you can't fight? Still, isn't Shirone going to win?"

"It is not a matter of winning or losing. Even if I eat all the swear words in the world, I am an authority in psychoanalysis. It was once ranked among the top 100 intellectuals in the world. Can you imagine me holding a knife and decapitating an eighteen-year-old boy?"

"So what? Do you want me to go and kill you?"

"If you can do it, you better do it."

When Arius raised his hand and pretended to pass it on, Jion gnashed his teeth. But he couldn't be forced to do it even though the person concerned said he couldn't do it.

"I can't. I will."

"Oh, as expected, Prince. You are manly."

When Arius instigated it, Zion snorted. There were plenty of people who could secretly decapitate an eighteen-year-old boy without looking outside.

"But I can't have blood on my hands. I have no choice but to write a professional job here. Xenoger."

Having said that, Ji-on looked into the void.

Sensing something, his gaze slowly descended and fixed on Arius's shoulder.

Arius showed a firm smile as he stroked the back of his neck.

"Huh, this makes me scared to look back."

As soon as Arius finished speaking, his life disappeared like a lie. After a while, a man hung upside down in front of Arius came down.

A thin thread, apparently coming from the hip, was connected to the ceiling. The legs are crossed as if sitting, and both hands are gathered in the danjeon to form a circle.

His face was skinny, and his thin nose bent vertically from the bridge of his nose. Her lips were as thin as ever. In particular, the eyes were not the usual streamlined shape, but a perfect circle, and even that was small.

"Did you call, Prince?"

Zion turned to Arius and introduced him.

"Greetings. This is my personal bodyguard, Spatur Xenogger. Xenoger, this is Arius."

Xenogger twisted the thread while hanging upside down to deflect it. That way he nodded to Zion, then turned back to Arius.

"Of course I know. Because I've seen it many times. Of course, this person will be seeing me for the first time."

Arius smiled like an incontinence.

Obviously seeing Xenoger for the first time. However, he must have been watching himself every time he came to the gallery.

"Wow, that's great workmanship. Where were you hiding?"

Xenoger replied with an emotionless face like a corpse.

"Are you hiding? I was always behind you?"

"Won, even kidding... ... ."

Arius's eyes narrowed even more.

maybe it's true Unless there are eyes on the back of your head, the world behind your back doesn't exist.

However, stepping on the back of the Madou 7 girls is not that easy, so it would be good for your mental health to think of it as a joke.

"Do you think it is a lie?"

As he said that, flesh bulged from both cheekbones and temples of Xenoger. Subsequently, the epidermis was split, and six additional eyes, three each, developed.

It had no pupils and had purple eyes like grapes.

8 eyes in total. Perhaps his blindness is 15 degrees at most.

'A person with mimicry ability... ... .'

As expected by Arius, Xenoger was a master of spider mimicry, a type of skima taijutsu.

Mimicry means to create organs completely different from humans by rapidly transforming cell traits through schema.

However, in order to cause extreme mutations like Xenoger's, genetic power must be added.

The Spatur clan, which has been responsible for the safety of the Theraze family for generations, has been transforming their bodies into spiders for nearly a thousand years. As it was passed on through genetics, it was equipped with the ability to mimic a perfect spider.

Arius looked away from Xenoger and looked at Uorin.

The children of Theraze always have personal bodyguards attached. Therefore, Uorin's bodyguards must have been here as well.

Arius looked as wide as possible as far as the movement of his eyes allowed. But no matter where he looked, the assassin was nowhere to be seen.

perhaps... ... She might have been standing behind her.

Thinking like that made me a little creepy.

He refrained from entering the Spirit Zone in front of the royal family because it could cause misunderstandings, but even if he explored with synesthesia, there was a high chance that he would not be caught.

This is because competent assassins acquire a unique skill that goes undetected by the Spirit Zone.

'Whoa, this is why I can't give up on this life.'

After the strange voice over, Ji-on went back to the main topic.

"Shall we plan a plan now? Xenoger will be in charge of killing Shirone, no, separating her brain from her body. If the head is cut off, you can go in and get Ataraxia."

Arius was no longer dissatisfied.

"Of course it is. Mobility is sufficient. But the second thing to consider is stealth. No one should know about the current operation except the people gathered in this room."

Zeon immediately understood and asked Xenoger.

"Can you do it without anyone knowing?"

"That doesn't matter. If you follow someone, at some point you will definitely end up alone. If not, why not just kill everyone in the seat?"

"Of course, that could be one way. But I want to reduce the number of variables as much as possible."

Arius said.

"The tricky thing is the two women. Reina has to do her job, so she can get away with it, but a woman named Amy will stick with Shirone. She is also the daughter of the Karmis family. If you leave her free, there may be variables."

Hearing Arius' words, Xenoger's face again had 8 pupils.

Having activated his mimicry ability, he was a perfect spider. Even though he existed in front of my eyes, it felt like his reality had faded.

"There are no mistakes for me."

Arius pushed his hands together and made a gesture to calm down.

"Whoa, it's not that I don't believe in my skills. But, assuming, it is."

Ji-on, who was deep in thought with his chin on his chin, made a decision.
"Okay then let me hold 
Amy while you guys take care of your business . It's killing me. Wouldn't it be over in 5 minutes? Then, can I just hold it for about an hour?"

"Oh, that's how you like it."

Zion did not deny it.

"what... ... Are you pretty? If it's a one-night stand, it might be your preference."

Arius was bitter at the words that came out of the boy's mouth. Well, since I was born and raised in the royal castle, I had to see that the intensity of my experience was different from other adolescents.

In any case, he was not interested in the royal family. Steal the power of an archangel. That alone thrilled him.

"Then let's set a place and time."

While the three of them meticulously made plans, Woo-rin was left out in a corner and had a boring time.

When I stroked the cat, it meowed and meowed. She smiled her eyes too and she replied meow.



@



The royal castle was in a festive mood.

Shirone, the candidate for the first prince, showed off his mighty majesty, so the servants were moved to tears even if they were forced to.

A grand party was held, and even after the sun had set, the Grand Hall was as bright as daytime.

Long tables were set up along the perimeter of the hall, and delicacies were served. Nobles and nobles chatted while the court musicians resounded.

The nobles who flowed along with the food that suits their taste greeted Shirone.

"The demonstration was good. That was a really great validation. The test results haven't come out yet, but looking at your dance, it's clear that Your Highness has blood, heh heh heh."

As Shirone listened, the quick-witted noble responded.

"Is it possible? The reunion after 18 years is like that, and it's all thanks to Your Highness's merits reaching the sky. Shirone-sama thinks so too, doesn't it?"

Shirone did not respond this time either.

don't be fooled anymore The king's laws and manners are nothing more than a mask to hide his true feelings. When you take off that mask, everyone has a cold face like you.

'Are these people enemies or allies?'

The royal family seemed destined to live with such thoughts for the rest of their lives.

The loudest person in the banquet hall was Eliza.

Even though she had never raised her, the compliments did not stop as if she knew everything about Shirone.

=======================================
[283] 3. Late Night Ball (4)





Amy frowned more than Shirone.

Showing off is a virtue for royalty, but he didn't seem to think that the more he did, the more dangerous Shirone was.

While checking the faces of the nobles gathered in the banquet hall, Shirone met eyes with a tall man on the other side.

Then the man burst into a hearty laugh and came across the hall diagonally.

"Hello Shirone! It's late to say hello. There is braised lamb over there, which I like. Oops, sorry for the late greeting again. This is Captain Litney Walker. He is the general manager in charge of the security of the royal castle."

Shirone smiled for the first time.

If he was in charge of security, he was a person who was also involved in the safety of his parents, so there was nothing wrong with looking good. Besides, she liked her unaristocratically direct attitude.

"hello. Nice to meet you."

"Chuck! That's right! There's never any benefit to seeing a peace officer so often!"

He was a man of integrity. His face was marked by the cold of 60 years, but his body was bigger and stronger than anyone else in the banquet hall.

When Walker asked for a handshake, Shirone also joined hands.

At that moment, Walker's eyes flashed, and waves of light rushed into Shirone's head.

For a moment, Shirone felt as if the accident had stopped.

Dominance that is on a different level from the snow technology I've experienced so far.

However, like a wizard who has reached the level of Geumgangtae, he did not give up the initiative.

Walker tilted his head as if wondering, then smiled as if he had realized it and solved the eye technique.

Shirone swallowed a heavy breath and looked at the walker. He had lost his mind and had no memory, but it didn't feel particularly hostile.

"It's great too. To endure the clearing."

"clear? Is it an eye technique?"

"That's right. It's a skill that injects madness into the opponent. Prolonged exposure causes loss of consciousness. But it doesn't work for Shirone-sama."

Shirone opened his eyes lazily.

"You mean you tried to knock me out?"

"haha! It can't be. That means madness is a powerful force. No matter how powerful it is, you can't even think about anything if you get caught in the clear. Thanks to this, even mental magic is wiped clean. It's the same logic as using hydrochloric acid to remove stains that cannot be removed with soap."

Madness is the purest state of mind that humans can attain. Therefore, any thoughts must be swept away in the face of madness.

"As the person in charge of the security of the capital, I had the duty to examine Shirone-sama to see if she had been brainwashed. I'm sorry if I felt rude."

Shirone understood Walker's feelings.

This is the master bedroom of the kingdom, not a battlefield. It's not just the visible threat that security officers should be concerned about.

"it's okay. If you've been brainwashed, you don't know who you are. I feel comfortable when I get confirmation like this. I feel like I have been vaccinated."

Walker scratched his head shyly.

"Actually, it didn't come in perfectly. However, no one will be able to brainwash Shirone-sama if she can hold on to my skills that I have honed over the decades. If you've been brainwashed... ... what would you do? It is impossible."

Shirone wondered if she should laugh at this part. I thought it was too irresponsible for a peace officer to say.

Then Walker added with a wink.

"The Royal Castle is a difficult place to understand. It's like having dozens of people with different surnames living in one house. Always protect yourself."

Shirone belatedly understood the meaning and nodded.

"Yes. I'll keep it in mind. It was nice."

Walker burst out laughing and crossed the hall again. A smile naturally formed on Shirone's lips as he remembered Lian from the way he was sweeping up the braised lamb.

The meeting between Shirone and Walker was an event that drew the attention of many nobles. And Jion was also one of the people who witnessed the scene.

After confirming that Walker had left, Jion went behind Arius' back and spoke to him while pretending to pick out food.

"Are you okay? It looks like Walker just tried to clear it."

Arius was thinking about it too.

In the waiting room this morning, a door was installed in Shirone's mind. If the clear went in properly, it could have had an impact.

"Certainly, clear is the natural enemy of spirit magic."

"What, then, did you fail?"

Arius gave a relaxed smile.

"That is usually the case. Door is different from brainwashing or hypnosis. There is no need to interfere with the depths of consciousness. I installed it on the 11th level because I was afraid that this situation would come."

"Are you sure? What if it breaks?"

"There is no such thing. If the clear had encroached on the surface, Shirone would have lost her consciousness. If you knock out the candidate for the first prince in the banquet hall where nobles gather, things will get bigger."

The 11th level of the human mind is where other people's thoughts flood in, so no matter how pure Shirone's mind was, finding the door was like finding a needle in the sandy beach.

Even so, when Walker tried to clear it, goosebumps rose. He must have confirmed it as a security officer in a hurry, but he had to see that all floors below the 9th level were swept away.

'There's no way I could have thought that Shirone was really brainwashed. What are you suspecting?'

Litney Walker.

He was a royal palace security officer and a swordsman theorist who wrote Kazura Court Swordsmanship (Beginner).

The security officer was a position that could not be achieved only by being strong. It is necessary to understand the nature of politics in detail.

The fact that he tried to clear it immediately after Ataraxia's demonstration was over was proof that he expected the existence of a fly attached to the archangel's ability.

'Then I must be within range. Of course, I'm not a fly.'

Zion asked.

"What are you going to do now anyway? Walker seems suspicious. Surely you're not providing an excuse to get caught later, right?"

"Nothing to worry about. Walker is not an expert in mental magic, and Clear is a simple principle that has a wide range of applications. Why, they say that there is no cure-all but effective medicine? You can circumnavigate as many times as you like. Let's proceed like this."

"Right. I get it."

Zeon put the food on his plate and walked away from Arius.



After parting ways with Walker, the nobles stopped talking to Shirone. Because he's being cavorted by the peace officer and nothing good will come of it.

Seeing that Shirone was standing alone, Amy quickly approached and began talking to her.

"Shirone."

"yes. how's the party? fun?"

Amy shrugged.

"so so."

"Me too. But what have you been up to?"

Amy pointed to her eyes.

"I checked with red eyes."

"Look? What?"

"How many times do people glance at you?"

Shirone opened his mouth blankly.

Of course, self-image memory is difficult, but not impossible. But is it necessary to do such hard work?

"What information can I get from it?"

Amy pursed her lips.

"do not know. I didn't have anything to do, so I just did it, but there was definitely nothing special. You're the star of the party, so it's only natural that people glance at you."

"haha! right. You're not saying you know that now, are you?"

Shirone joked, but Amy didn't laugh.

"By the way... ... I noticed one peculiar thing. If I checked correctly, there's a bunch of people who never looked at you once as the party went on."

Amy pointed to the other side with her chin, as if to check for herself. Where she turned her gaze, wizards belonging to the magic department were gathered.

At that moment, the middle-aged wizard standing in the center of the group looked back at Shirone. It felt like my body was frozen by the gaze that cut out my mind.

"I'm Aimar Bossun, the Minister of Magic."

"That person... ... ."

Red Line Certified 4th Class Wizard.

I heard that he is a talented person who excels in various fields to the extent that there is no element he cannot handle, and he oversees overall food production in the Kingdom of Kazura.

Kazura, whose magical power is weak compared to other countries, has no official rank 1 except for the president of the association. The head of the Magic Department was also a position held by a third-class wizard in Tormia.

But even so, Shirone was not a person who could dare to evaluate.

Bosoon looked at Shirone for a long time as if to relieve the feeling of frustration. Then he smiled and approached carrying the entire bowl of food on the table.

"hello. My name is Aimar Bossun."

Shirone and Amy bowed their heads in greeting.

Aside from political inclinations, he was a sky-high senior in the 4th grade of the red line. Of course, Shirone is high in the royal castle, but respecting seniors was also a pride as a magician.

"I was impressed, the ability of an archangel. It will become a great power of the Kazura Kingdom in the future. Of course, if Shirone-nim becomes the first prince."

Shirone remained silent, nervous.

Even with the same provocation, it felt different from Ji-on. It felt like every word was stabbing me like a knife.

Bossun offered food brought from the table across from him.

"Would you like some?"

"Nope. I am... ... ."

After checking the food, Shirone's face turned pale.

It was chocolate dipped in cocoa powder called Fresh Truffles, the kind of lethally poisoned dessert that used to be served on family meals.

Life filled Shirone's heart. Could it be that Bosun was trying to assassinate him?

No, none of that mattered. If he wasn't a criminal, he was even worse.

Bossun, who was examining Shirone's expression, tilted his head and asked.

"yes? Why? Hate chocolate? It's really good."

Shirone wanted to bite the lower jaw of Bossun who was chewing on the chocolate. He was excited enough to have such a radical thought.

Even so, Bosun was calm. This made Shirone even more angry.

"this... ... !"

The moment a sound burst out without her knowing, Amy grabbed her hand.

It's a trap. All nobles in the royal family know that fresh truffles are poisoned. Bossun only wanted to get on Shirone's nerves.

Shirone also came to his senses and calmed down his anger.

When the provocation of conversion did not work, as expected, Bosun lost interest and took the plate.

"It was a pleasant meeting. Enough then."

When Bossun returned, the wizards who hadn't even looked at her until now laughed at Shirone.

He was a wizard who could not be treated carelessly by anyone. Shirone realized where he was.

"Shirone, are you okay? That kid deliberately provoked you. You held up well."

"Yeah. He is a very bad person."

It was late at night, but the banquet was not over.

Aristocrats also danced a traditional ballroom dance to the performance of court musicians, probably getting drunk. And now was the time for Shirone and the others to act.

When you drink alcohol and talk to women, some kind of story will come out. It was a strategy to eavesdrop on it with Reina's powerful hearing.

According to the original plan, Shirone and Reina should be entering the ballroom by now. But when Amy looked over, Rayna was standing in her corner, staring at her.

He seemed depressed by the day's work.

'Was that kind of personality? It's different from what it looks like on the outside.'

I didn't hate the thought of him being a kind person, but on the other hand, a corner of my heart felt full.

Anyway, since I have to work, I sighed and went to Reina. Then, he gently pushed his back and sent it to Shirone.

Then Reina pretended not to win and walked over to Shirone. But even there, he hesitated for a long time.

Shirone smiled and held out his hand. Something that had angered him during the day was on his mind.

"Shall we begin?"

When Shirone treated her comfortably, Reina regained her playfulness.

"How many times have you learned from nagging, but you must be sad if you don't use it?"

Reina walked around the ballroom under Shirone's lead. Countless couples passed by her in the same dance.

Musicians can hear certain notes out of tune even when dozens of instruments are playing. To Reina, the human voice is like a musical instrument, so a lot of information has been collected.

They say that you need to book a vacation home for your summer vacation from now on. It is said that the bank that creates the slush fund needs to be changed. Since the boundary is strict, the promise of a secret meeting to meet in the room.

If you have something big ahead of you, it will show up in the conversation in one way or another. However, considering only the information received so far, no special atmosphere could be detected.

=======================================
[284] 3. Late Night Ball (5)





"Today seems to pass quietly. Still, don't be careless."

Shirone responded with a smile.

She didn't go this far simply to dig up high-level information. I appreciated Reina's efforts to reassure herself.

"Sorry about the day. I guess my nerves have become sensitive."

"Huh, it's okay. don't worry too much I'll do my best to protect it. Anyway, relax a bit. If you're that hard, you might fall."

As Shirone loosened up his body, the two performed a beautiful dance like flowing water.

They were the most beautiful couple in the banquet hall.

"Ho Ho! They are a really good pair. How can Shirone-sama be so beautiful? It must be because I inherited Your Highness' lineage."

"What about your partner? He is said to be a very famous musician in the kingdom of Tormia. She has such a good impression, she is a girl who makes me feel good just by looking at her."

Amy stood side by side with the ladies in conversation. She definitely stood apart from the rest of her couple even as she looked.

'Why is it so late?'

Amy checked the time and realized it was taking much longer than originally planned. She thinks she's got some new information when someone approaches.

Amy was startled when she saw Ji-on and set her manners.

"Hello, Prince."

"So, is the banquet fun?"

"Yes. I like everything."

Zion smiled contentedly. He felt like a prince for the first time when he dealt with Amy, who was at a loss after only dealing with Shiro, who knew the royal family in a funny way.

"how? Can I ask for a partner for a moment?"

Amy looked at Ji-on's outstretched hand.

According to the law, another partner must be present to deny a partner request.

However, since Shirone was dancing with Reina, there was no reason to refuse. It was clear that she had probably approached this far with thought.

"Yes. It is an honour."

Amy took Zion's hand and entered the ballroom.

Kazura's traditional dance is his first time, but thanks to his outstanding dancing skills and Hong'an's ability, he was able to work with Ji-on without difficulty.

The gaze of the aristocrats moved to Zeon and Amy this time.

Praise equaled to that of the Shirone and Reina couple. lovely. beautiful. virtuous, etc.

Amy's face flushed. Is this what it feels like to be a princess?

But the inspiration ended there.

I never thought about becoming a princess. Though day by day he thinks of becoming the greatest wizard in the world.

'You're surprisingly naive. Unexpected?'

Ji-on saw the shy Amy and thought she had already crossed the 7th ridge. From the experience of having an affair with an aristocratic woman since he was 12 years old, he knew what was going on.

"It is beautiful."

Amy felt attacked.

Is this kid sane now? I was embarrassed and wanted to scream.

However, the seat was a seat, so I couldn't express it.

As she continued to dance while boiling her emotions inside, her gaze collided head-on with Shirone, who approached from the other side.

It was truly fleeting.

Shirone seemed surprised. Even in that short moment, it was transmitted that he was asking something with his eyes.

Amy hurriedly averted her gaze.

I don't know why. It seems that he was afraid to look into Shirone's eyes.

I belatedly thought that I shouldn't have done that, but it was already far away.

Ji-on smiled when the steps started to get tangled as things got complicated in his head. She seemed to think it was because she was nervous about being in her arms.

"Be comfortable. Because no one can look down on you as long as you are with me."

Ji-on liked Amy. The feeling was different from that of the bare-footed aristocrats. Her Amy's dance stopped abruptly at that point as I pulled her waist tight at the thought of her being adorable.

It was the result of my body reacting before I even thought about it. It was only natural that the attention of the aristocrats would be focused.

Amy was confused with her red face, but quickly came up with a way.

"Oh, I am a little tired. Enjoyed."

As if he had intended to quit from the beginning, he paid his respects and turned around, and a miasma flashed in Ji-on's eyes. Immediately, Ji-on pulled Amy's wrist and whispered in a low voice.

"We took over the recruits of Vincent and Olina."

Amy quickly scanned the crowd with shocked eyes. She was trying to locate Shirone.

Zion threatened with a threatening tone.

"That is not good. Don't let anyone know and follow me quietly. Then Shirone's parents will release you safely."

Amy looked away and put on a nonchalant expression. Her biggest problem was that she couldn't tell the truth.

Reina's attendant was supposed to report the situation every hour, and the last report came in 32 minutes ago.

Is it difficult to get things done in those 32 minutes? Or is it enough time?

Amy followed Zion as if nothing had happened.

I don't know what the intention is to do this, but I don't think it's the key.

Anyway, after 28 minutes, Reina moves. If they endured until then, the crisis could have been another way out.

'Of course I'll have to live first.'

As the two held hands and went out, the nobles finally cleared their doubts. It was not uncommon to see young men and women running out of her hall on fire.

Jion's insides were bubbling as he dragged Amy along.

The strategy of using Shirone's parents was Plan B proposed by Arius. She boasted that she could make any woman fall for her, so her pride wasn't hurt all that much.

'it's okay. It's okay if you pull it out anyway. I've done my job, Arius.'

Without Amy, Shirone is isolated. Reina had to manage the overall affairs of the castle, so he wouldn't be able to take charge of Shirone. Even if he knew it belatedly and moved, by then Shirone's neck would already be rolling on the floor.

'Hehehe, goodbye, Shirone.'



@



Reina looked puzzled at Shirone, who suddenly stopped dancing. She didn't even seem to notice that her legs weren't moving.

"Shirone, what's wrong? what's the matter?"

"Uh, that... ... Where is Amy going with Ji-on?"

Rayna looked around hurriedly. As Shirone said, the two were nowhere to be seen.

As she investigates, Ji-on is not inclined to reveal women. But she didn't hate it the way men her age did, so there weren't very few women who had a night out.

Simply put, he might have taken an interest in Amy.

Amy was a girl so beautiful that even royalty could fall in love with her, and with Zion's personality, even Shirone's friend wouldn't be harsh.

The problem was Amy. What on earth did he hear, so he followed Zeon?

Reina looked at Shirone. She pretends to be nonchalant, but her gaze is fixed on the door.

She smiled bitterly and pushed Shirone on the back. No matter who tried to stop it, sending it first was a business that remained.

"Go. Why don't you go and ask Amy?"

"may I?"

"What are you talking about? you're a friend go quickly I'll clean this up."

"then... ... I'll be back."

Shirone looked up and turned around. But from then on, I walked out of the Grand Hall without looking back.

Reina put her hand on her waist and sighed.

'Did I get stuck in the middle and bother you too much? Ha, how do I fix this personality?'

In any case, now was not the time to judge feelings.

The reason why Shirone was sent first was that it was time for an attendant to arrive sooner or later. Amy is important, but the vigilance of her parents couldn't be neglected either.

'yes? parents?'

The moment I thought about it, an idea came to my mind.

Amy is not a child who will fall for Zeon's tricks. Still, what was her motive for following without speaking?

'no way?'

Rayna stomped on the floor.

It was not the time to wait for an attendant. No, if he had used his hand from the other side, there was a greater chance that he would not come. After checking her time, she ran to the lodging where Vincent and Olina were staying.

4. Theraje's Proposal (1)





Shirone ran to the royal apartment.

He followed Ji-on as quickly as possible, but he had already disappeared. First of all, I was thinking of going to Zion's room.

'Why did you follow Zeon?'

There must be a good reason, but whatever it was, it didn't feel right. I kept getting strange emotions, so my thoughts couldn't connect as quickly as usual.

Arriving at Ji-on's room, Shirone stopped involuntarily the moment she tried to turn the doorknob.

I had a bad idea. The image of Amy dancing with Ji-on came to mind.

Why did she avert her gaze? If there was a specific reason, she should have sent a signal. Because the Amy he knew was such a child.

'I... ... Am I doing something wrong?'

Unless it's just what you think. Also, if that's what you think.

Shirone hurriedly shook his head.

Amy is not one to be rash in the face of big things. Her thought of this was rather an insult to her.

Shirone made up her mind and opened the door.

There was no one in the brightly lit room. But there were people. I saw Wu Orin moving her steps towards the table.

"Uorin? why are you here... ... ?"

Woorin sat down in a chair. Seeing her petting the cat on her lap, she seemed oblivious to who had entered.

But now, even Shirone realized that the actions she saw were not important.

"Uorin. Where is Zion now... ... ."

"sit down please."

Uorin stopped talking and offered a seat. It was an unusually dignified voice.

Shirone swallowed and sat across from me.

"Why are you in Zion's room? I didn't see you at the ballroom."

"I think my brother is coming. So I waited."

It was as Shirone expected. She knew what was going on in the royal castle.

"Where is Zeon?"

"well. It must be somewhere, whatever."

Uorin looked elsewhere as if she was not interested.

Shirone was frustrated. But she didn't do anything stupid to bother her.

He has already revealed all of his will at the demonstration site. All that was left was her choice.

As the silence grew longer, Uorin spoke first.

"Why did you do that?"

Shirone tightened his eyes and glared at her.

Not knowing doesn't make sense So, the current question was not the point.

"Why did you unlock all powers? That would be tantamount to a declaration of war against the Theraze faction. Because of that, Ji-on oppa got very angry."

"Because if I messed up, you wouldn't help me."

Uorin put on a puzzled expression, but Shirone was not fooled by the mask. That, too, was what Uorin realized.

"You are different from Zion. Because he is the queen's heir. Kazura's situation is only a part of you who dream of becoming an emperor."

"is that so? Well, you and I both want to cling to my power. The same goes for Shirone's older brother."

"It could be. But ataraxia must have a different meaning to you too?"

Uorin's eyes showed interest for the first time.

"What is different?"

"The emperor of the Kashan Empire is the head of the Valkyries. And ataraxia is an archangel's ability that is the highest in Valkyrie. Then it must be worth using for you too."

Uorin nodded her head obediently. It was also true that if Shirone's ataraxia wasn't as impressive as it was today, there would be no reason to help him.

"that's right. Seeing her brother's ability, she changed her mind a little. Ataraxia will be of great help to me becoming emperor."

"So help me. If you want, I'll graduate from magic school and be by your side. So please don't touch my family and friends."

Wu Lin burst into laughter.

"A little naive, too."

"what?"

"How many archmages do you think will submit their resumes to me in one year? If you thought you would only cling to one Ataraxia, you'd be mistaken. I'm not ignoring my brother's talent, but he's still just a student, right?"

=======================================
[285] 4. Proposal of Theraje (2)





"So you can't accept me?"

Uorin scratched her cheek with an apologetic expression.

"I want to help too, but there are daughters of my rival, Theraze, in many kingdoms. Especially since I'm young, I don't want to stand out yet. Kazura isn't a very good base either. There's no need to set things up in advance and become a target for the unnies, right?"

Shirone naturally felt bitter. 14 years old. It was the age of the girl sitting in front of her eyes.

'You're really amazing, Uorin.'

He also realized how stupid he was a few days ago.

It's creepy even now when I figured out the true nature of Wangseong, but before that, what did I try to do with a woman like this?

"great. If there is no room for negotiation, I will quit. I need to find Amy."

Shirone rose from her seat as if she didn't need to hear any more.

If it was his misunderstanding, everything would go to the worst, but even so, it was unavoidable.

No matter how great the danger, there are no fools in the kingdom who miss the time to act.

"I wish you good luck."

The moment I heard Wu Lin's goodbye, my heart sank. But she didn't show it and walked towards the door.

There should be no hesitation or fear. I really need to give up everything and leave this room.

'There is no need for ataraxia. Will it be so?'

Maybe it wasn't that important to Uorin.

However, if there is any benefit, no matter how trivial it is, I do not want to give it to others.

Shirone held on to the small hope like a lifeline and walked on.

Even while holding on to the doorknob and turning it, there was no response from Urin.

When the door opened, my eyes closed tight.

With this, everything is over.

"But if... ... ."

Shirone's steps stopped abruptly.

"I give in as much as possible... ... So if you count on her brother's future."

Shirone slowly turned around and looked back at Uorin.

"You can get a chance to negotiate with me, Therazze's daughter."

"An opportunity to negotiate?"

Even if Ataraxia is mortgaged, the only thing you can get is a seat at the negotiating table? It was also an opportunity that could only be obtained by paying for one's own future.

"Yes. It's a negotiation. I just can't help. I said it before, but I don't want to put myself in danger. I have one condition. It won't be a particularly difficult condition, but if you accept this condition anyway, I'll be on your side."

Shirone lifted her chin as if to say something.

"Tonight, spend the night with me."

"What, what?"

It was absurd considering the conditions put forward at the point where we reached the end of the fierce psychological warfare. What did he have to spend the night with her?

As if reading Shirone's thoughts, Uorin added.

"Do not worry. Because I didn't mean it that way. It just means stay with me tonight. what... ... I don't mind trying it if you think of anything else."

Shirone's expression crumpled.

"What are you talking about? You are my half-sister."

"That's what we know after the paternity test is over. And it doesn't really matter. Same-sex marriage is a common occurrence with royalty where a kingdom passes by wedlock."

Shirone couldn't understand. She felt as if she had been solving difficult exam questions in succession and had finally encountered a nonsense quiz.

"Why? What does that condition have to do with helping me?"

Uorin sighed reluctantly, and then spoke for the first time.

"In the Theraze family, women take the throne for generations. I don't know how it sounds, but to us men are just tools that are consumed according to use. That's why Thera Ze's daughter doesn't keep a man with another woman in her heart. If you want to go to someone named Amy, it means I can't accept you either."

Shirone agreed. For a woman from Theraje family, it was no wonder that she had such iron rules.

But Uorin was mistaken. Amy was her best friend in the world.

"I see what you mean. But I do not hold Amy in her heart."

The corner of Wu Lin's mouth went up slightly.

"Looks like Ji-on is interested in her."

Something hot rose from Shirone's chest.

"Of course, nothing will happen if she refuses. Even so, her brother has a strong sense of self-esteem, so he does not forcefully treat a woman who rejects him."

If Uorin's words were true, it was fortunate. But the fire that was already burning in his heart showed no signs of being extinguished.

Uorin said as she crossed her palms.

"Okay then let's do this. I just want to confirm my brother's feelings. From this moment on, I will ensure everyone's safety as well as Amy's. Even now, all you have to do is ask someone to give you instructions. Only if you will stay with me tonight."

I don't know what kind of threat Amy was subjected to to follow Zeon, but if she accepts Uorin's offer, she can escape safely. Plus, the safety of her family and Reina is guaranteed. She had no reason not to accept.

"Zion... ... Where did you take Amy?"

"I can't reveal it yet, until my brother makes his decision. It's very simple. My brother just needs to trust me. She reassures me that I have priority over her."

The trembling that started at the fingertips spread to the whole body. Everything was going in his favor, but he couldn't make a decision.

because it cannot be verified.

Were humans bound by the five senses? What on earth should he believe and follow her?

There is no proof that Uorin isn't helping Zeon. If Uorin lied, then Amy is in great danger.

"Why are you hesitating? I'm Theraze Uorin. Not only do you not lie, but isn't this offer what you wanted? I'll be fair to you if you prove that you don't have another woman in mind. I will not spare my support to develop my brother's skills, and if he becomes emperor later, he can also become the world's best wizard."

It was like a dream to Shirone. And she had the ability to turn that dream into reality.

Even the archmage writes his resume because he wants to work under Uorin. Such a huge opportunity was right in front of me.

Deep in thought, Shirone finally made a decision.

"I'm going to Amy. I will never accept the offer."

Uorin sighed in frustration.

"Are you going to pass up a great opportunity to connect with Theraze? No, more than anything else, she can protect the family her brother cherishes so much. But are you thinking of ruining everything just because of a woman?"

"right. I intend to do that."

Uorin shut her mouth as if shocked. However, there was no sign of resignation or regret on Shirone's face.

"But, Uorin, that's all for humans. Only what you see and feel is the real world. Even if you really do save Amy, if I can't confirm it, it's just a world that doesn't exist. I cannot leave the visible danger to Amy in the safety of the invisible. That's why I have to go to Amy."

Sadness passed in Uorin's eyes.

"It is a very difficult life. It's easy if you just choose."

Shirone smiled bitterly. He often thinks like that himself. But those are the shackles of intellect. As long as I knew it, there was no way I wouldn't do it.

"I know it was such a great opportunity. How far you, the emperor's heir, have made concessions to help me. I never doubt you But I have to go."

Uorin walked over to Shirone. Then he hugged him and buried his face.

"My brother is such an idiot. I'm sorry I couldn't do anything for you. Personally, I really liked my brother. I wish you the best of luck in your future."

Then he took a couple of steps back and revealed the information Shirone wanted to know.

"Go to the gallery. It's the only place where you can avoid people's attention. It's also where my brother goes whenever he seduces women."

A fire burned in my heart again. As Shirone finished preparing to leave, Wu Orin took something out of her pocket.

"wait a minute. Take this."

Shirone received a small object thrown by Uorin.

When I opened my palm, I saw that it was a red glowing marble. In terms of color, it seemed to be ruby, but it lacked the cold texture characteristic of gemstones.

"This... ... ?"

"It's the price of El Crouch's porcelain doll. It will easily exceed 100 million."

"no. I really want to give you a present... ... ."

"Of course I know what you mean. But reason and emotion are separate laws. Now that the negotiations have broken down, I can't be in debt to you, can I?"

Having said that, Shirone had no choice but to accept it.

Humanly, I felt like it, but politically, it was now South-South. It was good for each other's future to clean up the Eun-Won relationship.

"yes. I'll put it to good use when I graduate later."

Shirone put the marble in her pocket and walked to the door.

Then, suddenly, I stopped and looked back at Uorin. Come to think of it, she really helped her a lot.

At dinner, he saved his parents' face and supported their insistence on attending magic school.

In the gallery, he introduced objects, and in the Colosseum, he gave advice on realizing the true nature of the royal castle.

Now, in exchange for porcelain dolls, they have escape funds. 100 million gold would be of great help in the situation of being pursued by the king.

"thanks. from the beginning until now. Now that I think about it, I wouldn't have been able to make it this far without you."

"Whoops, even in hell there is water to drink."

Uorin responded with Kazura's proverb.

It is said that there is hope even in difficult situations, but if you think about it on the flip side, it also means that a little hope intensifies the pain.

"haha! That makes sense."

Realizing the situation she was in, Shirone burst out laughing and left Ji-on's room.

"Whoa."

As the door closed, Uorin let out a deep breath. She then walked around her room with her hands behind her back, which she didn't normally do.

"Arian Shironera... ... ."

Stopping, she quickly looked back at the door.

Her eyes, with a cool smile, were stained with madness, like a child with the best toy of her life.

"You're not really a normal bet are you?"

Uorin burst into laughter and gallantly returned to her seat and sat down on the chair. Crossing her legs and resting her chin on her table, she stared at the door Shiroone had left.

Of what Uorin had just said to Shirone, the truth was less than 10 percent.

everything was a lie He had no intention of interfering with Shirone or guaranteeing Amy's safety.

It was also not true that Ji-on had strong self-esteem.

Rather, the woman he marked as the target was a human being who would destroy it regardless of means and methods.

So, if Shirone had stayed with him tonight, his life would have been completely ruined.

"Humans have no sense of trusting others. Isn't that right, Cleo?"

Meow.

Uorin's cat answered. It's unlikely that he could have understood what people were saying, but it didn't change anyway.

There is no way humans can trust humans.

However, people live by ignoring the very easy truth just because the idea is not beautiful.

Those who acknowledge the truth and those who turn away.

In that small difference, she thought, all the rulers and subjects in the world were divided.

Uorin tilted her head over the back of the chair and smiled faintly as she looked up at the ceiling.

"If you repeat yourself like that, you might be able to reach it someday."

The cat didn't answer.

=======================================
[286] 4. Proposal of Theraje (3)





@



'quickly!'

Reina ran towards the annex at full speed.

The situation becomes serious when Theraje faction tries their hand at Shirone's parents. At the same time, I also felt guilty. I should have paid a little more attention.

'No, this is for the best. I've tightened up all the security I can... ... .'

If so, it means that the other party committed it without thinking about the consequences. It occurred to me that perhaps all of the attendants could have been annihilated.

The question was, why at this point?

Sending an assassin on the first day was exquisite.

But now, on this side, he was fully prepared. There was no reason to pursue a high-risk return strategy in a situation where the tide of battle would reverse if the tail was stepped on.

After entering the annex, Reina turned towards Vincent's dorm. At the same time, in a corner, she bumped into an attendant from the House of Augent.

"Ugh! Miss Raina!"

Reina pushed the attendant away and ran into the room.

"Get out of the way! What happened?"

Upon opening the door and entering, Vincent and Olina looked at each other curiously. It was not a particularly upsetting atmosphere.

Vincent was carving with a block of wood while Olina was drinking cocoa under a blanket.

"Lina-sama, what's going on? Your complexion is not good."

"Ah, there... ... ."

Reina was speechless at Vincent's question.

The two are unharmed. Then why did Amy follow Zeon?

The attendant who returned to the room belatedly asked with a red face.

"My lady, what the hell is going on? Why are you here all of a sudden?"

Rayna hurriedly came to her senses.

"Ah, that... ... I came to patrol because I wanted to see if you were doing well."

The attendant let out a sigh of relief.

"Phew, I thought it was something big. I was just on my way to report it. There is nothing wrong here."

Olina asked with a worried expression.

"Isn't that what happened? What about Shirone?"

As expected, the touch of a mother thinking of her children was sensitive. Reina swallowed her saliva and hastily made up her words.

"I am still in the banquet hall. I'm having a good time with Amy, so don't worry."

Olina seemed relieved at the word Amy. She said that if something happened to Shirone, she would have come running here too.

"Yes. Do not worry. We are doing well."

"Ho Ho! Yes. Then rest in peace. I'll be right back too."

Reina, who tried hard to smile, immediately moved to the other side as soon as she left the room.

Shirone's parents were unharmed. But Amy wouldn't have been able to confirm that fact. If so, that means she was threatened. Why Amy?

Rayna stopped jolting and spoke out loud.

"Shirone."

Worst case scenario.

It was the effect of the ataraxia demonstration that they couldn't detect any danger in the banquet hall. It means that most neutrals became friendly to Orkamp.

But that made Ji-on pull out the real sword. No matter how much I thought about it, there was only one reason why I dropped Amy while lying to me.

He intends to see the end of it tonight.

'I thought I'd just let it go because the atmosphere was good, but I thought Jion would move on his own. That's why no intelligence came in.'

It wasn't the time to be like this. Since the attendant had just come out of Vincent's accommodation, it had to be considered that it had been over 20 minutes since he and Shirone had separated.

Raina opened the Sound of Silence, a skill for schema ears. As his hearing strengthened, he began to collect even the smallest sounds from the royal castle.

Now, if you try to follow Shirone, it will be too late. If there was a high decibel on either side, that was the center of the incident.



@



Amy followed Zeon into the gallery in the basement.

I don't know if it was quiet in the basement of the castle from the beginning, or if Jion tried to do something in advance, but not a single ant cub passed by.

Come to think of it, since the banquet was going on until late at night, it was time for the attendants who were not in charge to sleep.

Amy thought it was better.

Zeon is a member of the royal family, but his practical strength is at the level of nobles of his age. He received elite magic lessons from a young age, and he was able to subdue any number of times depending on the opportunity.

Therefore, this space surrounded by silence is the best situation for her. This is because she can beat up Ji-on without anyone noticing.

'If possible, even killing... ... .'

It's embarrassing to hurt people, but with Shirone's parents in captivity, that thought was just a luxury.

Ji-on entered the cave of the gallery with a gentlemanly smile. Amy saw that the door was double installed and she had the same thought as Shirone.

'I'll have to save at least two feet to break down the door.'

However, those thoughts disappeared when I saw the leisurely scenery of the gallery.

It was a room where all kinds of items were collected.

I don't know what they're used for, but at least they weren't good for torturing or harming someone.

Amy looked at the northern display case, which was the only weapon that could be used.

Experts would know how well the blade was sharpened, but the single sword reflected in the eye was exuding sharpness on its own.

"Where are Shirone's parents?"

Ji-on raised a corner of his mouth playfully and said.

"parents? Well. Should I even know that?"

Amy's eyes grew cold.

"Did you cheat on me?"

Ji-on checked the time. An hour from now was the execution time. The reason why the timing of the assassination was not fixed was because the strategy was planned with a small number of people.

Some flexible situations inevitably occur, but on the other hand, it also has the advantage of being able to flexibly deal with variables.

'It's an hour... ... .'

I suddenly felt sorry. Amy was a really nice woman. If you are with such a beauty, wouldn't an hour be the same as a fleeting moment?

Anyway, Xenoger and Arius will finish the job while we kill time here. All he had to do was receive the rolling Ataraxia and eat it.

"I'm sorry I lied to you. But I believe you will understand. It takes a certain amount of white lies to seduce a beautiful woman, right?"

Amy didn't want to hear it. Thinking that since he had cheated first, a certain amount of rudeness could be tolerated, he shot back.

"I will go back. I will refrain from doing this in the future."

"yes? Can you really see this?"

When Ji-on opened his fist, the necklace with the golden cross pendant came down. Just looking at the precision of the craftsmanship, I could tell that it was an expensive item.

But Amy snorted.

I don't know how many people have fallen for this trick, but the Karmis family is also a famous family in the kingdom of Tormia.

Even if I handed her a diamond, I was confident that I would not blink an eye.

"What are you doing? Are you trying to ingratiate yourself with something like this?"

Ji-on approached with a sneer as if he knew that.

"Is it just like that? How about taking a closer look?"

Amy glanced at the pendant.

Since the royal family didn't have to carry alloys, it must have been pure gold. Upon closer inspection, it was large enough to be extracted by melting about 500 gold coins.

There was a pearl embedded in the center, and it was unusually iron-colored with a metallic color.

It was far from the beautiful color of natural pearls.

The shape was perfect, but it was not something a woman could wear for beauty.

'What is it? What is this... ... .'

Amy suddenly realized.

I remembered reading it in a book. A pearl with a dark iron color. It was the pearl of the celestial clam that lives in the deep sea of ??Alcantira.

According to geologists' research, Alcantira Gorge has the deepest deep sea in the world.

Since not a single point of light comes in and the water pressure is enormous, it is impossible for fishermen to collect it, and it can only be entered through a national construction project involving wizards.

It is known that the durability of clams to withstand the water pressure of the deep sea makes a chemical substance that is harder than adamantine.

 That means it is one of the hardest materials in the world.

In addition, the shape is also a perfect sphere, so industrial uses are endless.

Of course, few people would buy these items with money, but from what I read in the book, I heard that the Pearl of the Celestial Shell can replace the ball bearing of an ancient weapon, so at least one cost 200 million.

Therefore, it was also used as currency in transactions between kingdoms where it was not easy to transport a huge amount of gold coins.

'These are the pearls of the Celestial Clam... ... .'

It is presumed that the reason why ancient weapons that came before history can exist is because they are made of the hard rock of heaven.

However, no matter how ancient a weapon is, the parts of its movable organs will inevitably wear out. In order to replace that accessory, it must have at least the durability of a pearl of the Celestial Shell.

200 million gold for one ball bearing.

It was possible to guess how much money the kingdom was spending on maintaining the function of the ancient weapons.

'Huh. I'm done with this.'

Ji-on assumed that the reason she was silent was that they were in conflict.

Of course, shouldn't that be the case? What he handed over was not a jewel, but currency traded between countries.

"As expected, I have a taste. Most nobles don't sign their wedding vows with diamonds. Because that hardness means unbreakable love forever. But this is a pearl of the terracotta clam which is harder than that. Among the royal family, only the direct line could be used as a gift. How about promising our future with this?"

Ji-on smiled as he prepared to put on the necklace.

Of course, he doesn't seduce any woman with the pearls of the celestial clam. Even if it was a really nice woman, it was crazy to readily hand over 200 million gold.

But he didn't mind giving away all the objects in this room, not 200 million gold.

Because if Shirone dies, Amy will be finished anyway.

"I fell in love with you from the moment I first saw you. Will you accept my heart?"

Finally, Ji-on made a confession of conversion. Amy looked blankly at the figure.

Seeing Theraze's blood relative and the first prince of the Kingdom of Kazura wooing him with pearls from the Celestial Shell would be a scene many noble women dreamed of. That's why Amy, who wasn't particularly impressed, wondered if she was rather abnormal.

But it was really grave. Hearing Ji-on's confession, the first thought that came to his mind was that he should stop going back to Shirone.

"sorry. I am grateful to the prince for taking care of me, but I cannot accept such a burdensome gift."

Ji-on made an absurd expression.

It was the first time a woman had been so unconcerned even after seeing the pearls of the Cheonwang clam. No matter how noble you are, a whopping 200 million is rolling in at once. Even if he wasn't interested in himself, he was bound to grab the hand he extended.

Ji-on, thinking that he couldn't hold on to Amy at this rate, decided to present a card that would surely attract her while he was overdoing empty checks.

"Then how about this one? let me give birth to my child You can become royalty."

Amy put on a puzzled expression.

'The blood didn't even dry on my head... ... .'

Aristocrats also get marriages of convenience, but the royal family goes even further than that. He knows that his own blood has great value.

Well, maybe it's true. Even now, women who want to conceive a prince are lining up in the world.

But Amy didn't want to be royalty. That's why Zion's words were close to insulting.

"I will go back. I don't think I have anything more to say to the prince."

Amy walked to the door without waiting for an answer.

"this... ... !"

Ji-on pulled Amy's wrist as strongly as her wounded pride. Amy hurriedly shook off her hand and stepped back. Her wrists tingled from how hard she squeezed.

'To think that the prince of a country showed such rudeness.'

Amy caressed her wrist and glared at Ji-on.

"What is this?"

There was emotion in the way he spoke, but it was Ji-on who was really angry.

"How dare you reject me? Only nobles!"

Amy felt like she had heard a novel curse.

The royal family of Tormia also gave up Karmis. But that kind of thinking made Amy realistic. After all, it was Theraze's son who was here, not a member of the royal family.

=======================================
[287] 4. Proposal of Theraje (4)





"Anyway, didn't you expect and follow along? Do you know what an honor it is to come into my bedroom?"

"I must have told you no."

"Huh, arrogant. You do not know the subject."

As Ji-on gritted his teeth, he regained his smile as if a good idea came to his mind.

"good. Then, as royalty, I give orders. Listen to me tonight."

"I don't like it. No matter how royal the prince is, I am a nobleman of Tormia. We do not follow the orders of other countries."

"yes? Are you that good? So what about this one? If you don't fall into my arms tonight, I will go to war with Tormia."

Amy looked at Ji-on with an absurd expression.

"Do you think it is impossible? Kazura is destined to fall into my hands anyway. When I become king, I will conquer Tormia first. The country will perish because of you."

It was not an impossible situation at all. Because if Zeon becomes the king of Kazra, Theraze will spare no aid so that he can expand his power.

Accepting Amy's slowly lowering her head as a sign of resignation, Ji-on smiled meanly.

But at that moment, a cold voice flowed from Amy's mouth as she looked down.

"Do it if you can."

"what?"

"If you want to go to war, do it."

"I don't mind. Are you going to leave now?"

How nobles and the like would not dare to use honorifics for the first prince. However, compared to Amy's words that she was willing to go to war, it was not even absurd.

"Did you really think my words were a joke? If so, you will definitely regret it."

Amy couldn't help but burst into laughter.

"You are talking nonsense. will you be king? Don't be smug. On the topic that the position of the first prince is also shaking."

"This is real... ... !"

"Yes, Empress Theraze must have been a little nervous. But you're not going to be emperor, are you? Do you think I'd be intimidated by a little kid like you?"

Life turned in Ji-on's eyes. It was the first time in my life that I was so ignored.

My thoughts have changed. Amy never kills. I will make it so that only her life will be spared.

And I will surely turn Tormia to ashes and see bloody tears flowing from her eyes.

"that word... ... Are you sure you can take responsibility?"

"responsibility? No, I'm not responsible for anything. Even if a war breaks out because of me. If you invade our kingdom... ... ."

Amy's crimson eyes glowed red.

"At that time, I will risk my life and fight as a citizen."

Ji-on was stunned when he saw the killing spree coming from Amy's crimson eyes.

It felt like my blood was freezing. I never thought that the girl who blushed at the banquet hall had such an extreme spirit.

'Wizards are eccentric... ... .'

Amy came over, widening her eyes.

"What are you up to? Why did you bring me into this room?"

Judging from the circumstances so far, Ji-on didn't simply drag herself in for the purpose of taking her body.

For just that reason, mentioning Shirone's parents is because it doesn't match his personality.

'After all, Shirone has business to do, but what the hell... ... .'

Amy's lips trembled when she finally realized.

Zion is not important. The Theraze faction intended to make a life-or-death decision tonight.

I had to find Shirone as soon as possible.

Upon entering the Spirit Zone, the location of the door was transmitted through synesthesia.

'Was it a structure that could be opened from the inside?'

I could open it, but I remembered that the door was locked. Thinking that she had no choice but to break out, Amy seized her chance with her Fireball's batteries finished. And as soon as Ji-on's face contorted like a beast, she ran to the door.

"Armand!"

The demonic sword flew in, ignoring inertia, and was caught in Ji-on's hand. Ji-on swung his arm and threw the sword.

Feeling the sword's trajectory through the spirit zone, Amy twisted her body. With a thud she slammed Armand into the door. If it weren't for the Spirit Zone, she would have died.

'I really want to kill you. Let's do this until the end... ... .'

Ji-on's complacent expression bothered me. Judging from his skills, it would have been a golden opportunity to have put himself in a corner, but he did not show a hasty expression.

Amy immediately realized why.

Armand. From the sword stuck in the door, I felt a ghastly aura that I had never experienced before. Even the fact that it was nearby was terrifying, as if something gross was clinging to the door.

"Do you know if you can do this without any problems? I am also a recognized person in our kingdom."

"The Karmis family. It's not difficult. But if Shirone dies, everything will be over."

Assassination is the most effective means of overthrowing power.

It's not because the dead are people of great value. Because the dead cannot speak.

When Shirone dies, the living can create hundreds of situations. Shirone's soul will cry out in the gucheon, but there is no way to appeal to the injustice.

'I have to get out somehow.'

Amy bit her lip and collected herself. The feeling of her repulsive demonic sword faded a little as she tasted her blood as her teeth sank into her lips.

'Let's count to three and leave.'

As I was counting in my mind, Jion reached out and returned Armand.

Amy frowned at the unexpected situation. It was strange that she had blocked her escape route at best and then turned it back on. Still, she had no idea that Zeon could stand up to her with her sword.

Amy looked at Ji-on with wary eyes.

There was no tension in his face as he stood with his sword. Could it be that he secretly devoted himself to swordsmanship?

However, his words did not contain anything to expect such a high-level reversal.

"Sorry. For the first time in my life, I would have been able to spend a thrilling night. Because of the pride of a petty aristocrat, she was made to die as her virgin."

"I will never die to you, but if I ever become a ghost, I swear I will kill you first. If you see me in your dreams, you can believe that there is an afterlife."

Zion's face twisted.

Because wizards are only mouth-watering, it is difficult to make even a profit through verbal fights. In the end, armed demonstrations are a special drug.

Calming his mind by imagining Amy's miserable future, he stood Armand upright close to his body and chanted.

"Geumgang Armed Forces."

Ching! With the sound of metal snapping, Armand's blade split and split like a spider's legs.

The hilt came out and the pommel and grip were separated. As if looking at the frame of a building, red fibers like oil leaked out along the bony shape.

Amy was seized with a more vicious feeling than she had felt in the Spirit Zone. With the red jewel at the center, Armand changed into a form reminiscent of a giant spider.

The scene that followed was even more serious than that. The blade split into dozens of legs began to cover his head as if swallowing him.

Amy frowned, but as the moment passed, the hideous sight gradually materialized into a figure pleasing to the human eye.

The part that used to be a handle turned into a helmet to protect the face, and the blade that went over the top of the head rode down the back and adhered to the core of the muscle to form the basic skeleton.

The metal material unfolded from the skeleton again, forming the shape of the armor.

The metal that came down to the wrists was mounted as a gauntlet, and the metal that passed through the legs and down to the soles of the feet turned into metal boots with pointed noses.

As the armor protected the main organs of the body, this time the red fibers wrapped around the joints and tightly tightened the body.

Finally, a huge amount of fiber leaked out of the neck brace and turned into a cape that fluttered.

From Amy's point of view, it was as if she had undergone a transformation because it happened in an instant.

Ji-on, whose face was covered by the cross helmet, lowered his arms and clenched his fists.

As a signal, an extremely thin needle pierced the back of Zion and connected to the spinal cord.

There was no pain, but electricity ran down his spine.

<Gothic> - user cerebral copy. share. Activation of verbal cognition.

Armand's voice resonated in Ji-on's head, and he immediately began to control his vital signs.

<Gothic> - Strengthen muscle strength. increase in bone density. Endoskeletal augmentation. Maximize the rate of nervous system transmission. Metallic proliferation complete. Can create and transform weapons. specialize in murder. Close combat glass.

Ching! Ching!

Blades 30 centimeters long protruded from both of Zeon's gauntlets.

Amy swallowed. Except for the eyes visible through the grooves of the cross, all parts of Ji-on were hidden by the magic sword. From the looks of it, it seemed that her armor had been overlaid, with fibers covering most of her body.

'How could that be?'

This situation made no sense. If you look at the weight of the metal, even as a rule of thumb, it was much heavier than the original demonic sword. Especially if it's armor, it's armor. What is that fiber?

When tough muscles protect the joints, durability and activity are maximized. Maybe that's why, despite wearing heavy armor, Zeon was showing off a much more agile figure than before.

Ji-on was happy to see Amy's flustered expression.

'Huh, then that's right. How could I ever have seen something like this?'

<Demonic Sword Armand> is an S-class object with the contradictory characteristic of being a metal creature.

Its functions can be divided into two major categories. The first is rated control, which allows the user to freely manipulate the sword according to the user's will, and the second is the Geumgang Armament, which maximizes combat capabilities by combining with the user.

In rated control mode, the characteristics of metal stand out, and in the diamond armament mode, biological characteristics stand out.

In particular, since the Keumgang Armed Forces shared a brain with the user, they were able to perform even intelligent missions.

"Did I look like a lesser prince selling out Theraze's name?"

Zion took a step.

Clap! Amy leaned against the door involuntarily as the sound of steel boots scraping against the floor echoed.

"Of course it could be. But what about that? In front of Theraje's name, everything is insignificant. Neither your family nor your talent, I am not envious of you in the slightest. because i... ... ."

Ji-on held out his palm toward Amy.

"Because they are great royalty."

The fibrous glove wriggled, and a tentacle came out from the center of the palm and rushed at Amy.

Amy hurriedly threw herself after confirming that the tip of the tentacle that was flying in was sharply hardened even in the midst of the urgent situation.

bang! Tentacles lodged in the door. At the same time, the tentacles connected to Zeon's palms came off as if cutting off his tail.

Amy looked at the door with a tired expression. Every time the tentacles penetrated the surface, things like small tree roots spread and sealed the door completely.

Amy bit her lip with a frustrated expression.

No matter how tough the fibers of the tentacle were, it seemed impossible to break them with moderate force.

"When are you going to use the fire in your hand?"

Zion approached slowly. It was a different level of pressure than Ji-on before the Keumgang Armament. It was as if Armand's vicious aura had been overwritten.

"Well, you really don't think that kind of thing will work, do you?"

Zeon raised the blade protruding from the gauntlet vertically. Amy's face, glaring at Ji-on, was reflected on the smooth surface of the blade.

5. All kinds of variables (1)





Even as she ran to Zeon's gallery, Shirone couldn't shake off the strange imagination.

Though I thought it could never happen, scenes I never wanted to see filled my head.

'What the hell are you thinking?'

You have to judge rationally.

First of all, it was Amy's motive for following Zeon. She is not the type to move hastily on anything, but she was also the one who left at her limb because she was worried about Jess' safety in Galliant.

=======================================
[288] 5. All kinds of variables (2)





'Yeah, it was like that then. Because I met Marsha noona and came late... ... .'

Then, he suddenly thought that it might be because Amy felt sorry for him. Did her dancing with her sister Rayna hurt her?

Even though he knew it was a trap, he went to Falcoa, thinking about it now, it didn't seem like there wasn't such a part at all.

'no. You're zooming in too much. Dancing with Reina was already in the plan. Amy can't do that.'

Though I thought so, I wasn't really sure.

The reason was simple. Because when he saw Amy dancing with Zion, some unpleasant ripples arose in his mind as well.

Wouldn't there be something different about Amy?

If he had felt the same feelings, he might have followed Zion with even the slightest motive.

Because Amy is such a tender child.

Shirone's steps became faster. Even though she rolled her head to control her emotions, instead her heart beat faster than before.

"yes?"

Shirone hurriedly stopped walking and looked back.

After coming down to the basement, the back of my back was strangely creepy. However, there was not a single mouse to be seen on the path he had walked, let alone a sign of anyone.

"Is it because of the mood?"

Shirone stroked his neck and moved slowly.

'Gheuk, no, no, no.'

The man hanging upside down from the ceiling where Shirone had left opened his mouth. It was Spartur Xenoger who was given the special mission to assassinate Shirone.

He was clinging to the ceiling with only ten fingers.

The spider mimicry ability gave the clan the power to overcome gravity.

The villi growing on the fingertips and the strong adhesive oil leaking from the skin were supporting the body weight while causing a chemical reaction.

Of course, it was supported by the taijutsu honed through assassination training, so the lower body was supported only by the strength of the upper body.

Also, the oil leaking from the finger skin will volatilize within 20 seconds of stopping the leak, leaving no trace of his presence.

A near-perfect assassin.

Xenoger lowered his long tongue to the bottom of his chin and swallowed it back.

'It's a pretty good prey. for example... ... Like a mosquito.'

But that's because Xenoger continues to shoot very fine living things at Shirone.

It is the basis of an assassin to observe the reaction of the prey and consider countermeasures. You can kill at any time if you put your mind to it. I'm just looking at the liver for a 100% success rate.

'Well, that's right.'

Assassins are those who use circumstances rather than force. That's why it's also a job group that spends an extremely large amount of time alone throughout its life. Because I had to make my own judgment and evaluation on everything, my self-talk was habitually permeated.

Xenoger liked his job as an assassin. It's because it's much higher-dimensional than Hitman, who hits and misses on the fly.

Although her body has become so bizarre that it cannot blend into the human world, that is the height of functional beauty pursued by the assassin clan Spathur.

'A little more... ... Shall we drive him away?'

Xenoger caught up with his prey by moving along the wall with his ten fingers. Then I pulled a cobweb from his ass and it came down my Shirone's back.

A thin thread clung to the ceiling, propelling Xenogger's body forward. Even a slight breeze would actually shake it, but perfect control was not difficult for the spider clan.

The back of Shirone's head was in front of him. It was at such a distance that his hair would shake when he exhaled. The white nape of her neck, like fish flesh, made me want to bite it.

Xenoger pursed his lips and slowly placed his fingers on Shirone's neck.

'Where should I feel some sensitivity?'

Xenoger's fingers came close to touching the fluff. It was a safe distance to say that it was almost reached.

Shirone turned her head away with a surprised expression.

But all I could see was the scenery of the underground passage. Even the flickering patterns of the torches seemed to be the same.

"What the hell is it?"

It was strange. It might be that I'm sensitive today, but I kept feeling like something was hitting my nerves.

'There's nothing wrong with making it clear.'

Shirone pretended to move slowly, then suddenly expanded her spirit zone.

"... ... ."

All kinds of information came through synesthesia.

There were a lot of little things going around everywhere. Probably rats or cockroaches as there is a food storage nearby.

"Ugh... ... ."

Shirone wiped away the goosebumps on his arm.

In any case, the only things I felt through synesthesia were small objects. After being threatened with assassination for several days, I wondered if something was wrong with my nervous system.

"Whoa, let's go quickly."

As Shirone moved away, a hearty smile appeared on Xenoger's lips, which clung to the ceiling.

'I got caught. Celebrate death.'

The Wizard's Spirit Zone is one of the trickiest abilities for melee assassins. This is because it is not easy to approach those who perceive things through synesthesia by expanding their minds.

But Assassin says.

There is no sense without a blind spot.

The Spirit Zone integrates all information within its area. It was a quality close to a kind of sixth sense, not a precise feeling like sight, hearing, or touch.

Then, what if we become assimilated to a specific object or creature? As a sixth sense that accepts information integrally, you cannot distinguish the difference between the two objects.

The blind spot of that sixth sense.

Just as creatures of the natural world have mastered concealment techniques through evolution, assassins have also developed unique techniques while fighting the Spirit Zone over the ages.

That was the equalization of object assimilation ability.

'Well, that's right.'

Shirone felt Xenoger's presence through the Spirit Zone, but could not tell the difference between the stone wall and Xenoger with only his sixth sense.

Also, this was exactly what Xenoger was aiming for.

The magician's dependence on the Spirit Zone is as great as that of an ordinary person on their eyesight. I even thought that if I couldn't feel it as a spirit zone, it didn't exist.

It was that reason that had stimulated Shirone so far.

As she checked her surroundings with the Spirit Zone, Shirone's alertness was much lower than before.

that's why it dies

Xenoger doesn't kill. Circumstances are killing.

Hitman, who specializes in hit and run, risks his life with a 50% chance, but Assassin doesn't move easily even with a 99% chance. The only time they move is when the target takes the first step into the swamp of death itself.

This was the reason why high-ranking people in power feared one Assassin more than many armies. Once they appeared, it means that their current situation is in the middle of death.

However, the best Assassin is not the best swordsman. This is because equalizing is such a difficult skill that you have to devote your whole life to it to become a master.

but they are strong

If the swordsman fought with equal ability from 1 to 100, the Assassin was invincible on 1 out of 100 and was the one who subdued the opponent.

So there is nothing wrong with Shirone. He just believed what he believed. And Xenoger used that blind spot to make the target completely defenseless.

The current Xenoger was invincible.

'Well then, shall we go soon?'

Xenoger climbed the ceiling and landed on the floor without making a sound. Then he pursed his lips and put his fingers in to pretend to pull something out of him.

A thread as hard as wire was pulled out.

That's enough.

'It is true.'

Xenoger's chosen method was the death noose.

Tie the steel wire in the form of a noose, throw it at Shirone, and then pull it out.

'Next 7 seconds.'

Xenogur stirred the fluttering thread in the air and in an instant snared it into a noose.

Then, as it flew along the air current, it moved forward and floated like a kite over the top of Shirone's head.

A perfect murder with no sound, no sign, no smell.

'Four seconds ahead. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.'

The noose passed through Shirone's face and came down to her neck.

'Now!'

Xenoger grotesquely tore the corners of his mouth and pulled the thread.

The sharp noose of spider web narrowed the border in an instant and gathered into a size smaller than millet.

"... ... ."

Shirone looked back at Xenoger with her butt on the floor.

"What, what? who are you?"

"... ... ."

Xenoger was just watching, like someone who had lost the ability to think. No matter how much he thought about it, he couldn't understand the current situation.

As soon as the noose was tightened, Shirone suddenly lowered herself and rolled on the floor. Then he looked back and met her eyes.

'what? Where did my calculations go wrong?'

Shirone must die. Because that's the situation.

So there is nothing wrong with yourself. It was clear that there was an unexpected variable.

Shirone gulped and glared at Xenoger.

After checking the surroundings with the spirit zone, I was walking safely, but suddenly, a loud voice, 'It's dangerous!', popped up in my head.

Without even thinking, I rolled across the floor. And when she turned around, a man with a hideous appearance was staring at her.

Xenoger asked in a grim voice.

"how... ... Did you avoid it?"

Shirone wrinkled her brow at the incomprehensible words.

'How did you avoid it? yea of ??course... ... .'

Because I heard someone's voice. However, looking at the reaction, it seemed that the other person did not hear it.

Then there was a crack and the sound of breaking glass.

Shirone rummaged through his pockets without taking his eyes off Xenoger. When I took it out, the jewel that Wu Lin said was worth well over 100 million was separated into two pieces.

Xenogur's shoulders trembled. The jewel of Shirone, which he saw with the eyes of an insect, was definitely what he knew.

"<The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>?"

There is no possibility that Shirone has that. However, <The Last Cry of the Jaeger Family> was clear. Otherwise, there is no reason to save his life from his perfect design.

'Damn it... ... Of course.'

According to records, there was a Jaeger family in the western continent 480 years ago.

Then one day, an incident occurred in which people from the main family were assassinated one person a day. No matter how much the security was strengthened, there was no doubt that one body would be found in the morning.

The head of state made every effort to find the culprit, but there was no way to stop the increasing number of victims day by day.

When the number of members of the family fell to less than half, he made an extreme choice.

The mansion was closed.

But that night, another attendant died.

The householder intuited that there was an assassin inside and interrogated the family. However, he was unable to find any suspects in anyone, and as time passed, the number of family members in the original family, which had been 287, decreased to 63.

The family was already ruined.

Everyone's spirits were impoverished and they didn't even talk to each other out of distrust.

The patriarch didn't try anymore.

Whoever dies will just wait. As long as the identity of the culprit could be confirmed, it didn't matter even if the family died.

It was the 286th day since the assassination took place.

There were only two people left in the mansion.

It was the family head and the youngest daughter he loved the most.

"Uh, how could you... ... ?"

He couldn't believe the reality in front of him.

he is not an assassin So it was clear that the culprit was the 14-year-old youngest daughter.

"No! I'm not guilty, Dad! I really am not!"

The family head pulled out the sword from his waist.

have to kill No matter how much she loved her daughter, everyone died because of her.

However, the family chief could not kill his daughter.

because he's already dead

The family head, who had been looking down at her youngest daughter, who had turned into a corpse, finally realized and shook her chin.

Finally all the secrets are out.

The sword fell and both knees hit the floor.

"Oh no! It can't be like this! no!"

The head of the household shook his head and screamed.

no one will die anymore except for yourself.

He took a strong drink and headed for the study. Then he sat down at his desk and wrote down the events of 286 days in one letter.

It is said that the life and death of the householder has not been confirmed until the end.

Opinions are divided as to whether he left the mansion or whether he was one of the last to be assassinated, but in any case, the Jaeger family disappeared from the world.

Two years later, a merchant took over the Jaeger family's mansion at a bargain price.

Because it was the private property of the head of household, he could not touch it, but after the legal period of two years had passed, the kingdom sold it.

When the door to the mansion, which had been sealed for two years, opened wide, the first thing that caught the merchant's eyes were 287 red marbles spread on the floor.

This is the secret story of <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>. It was also an example given by the Curia auction company as a reason why objects are not 100% safe.

=======================================
[289] 5. All kinds of variables (3)





The origin story of the actual object is not clearly revealed.

It's just that the name of an object has been handed down from someone, and through that, people just let their imagination run wild.

However, <The Last Cry of the Yeager Family> is unique in that it contains actual records.

The merchant who took over the mansion soon noticed what powers the 287 marbles possessed.

If you have it, you will hear the girl's warning the moment you touch it. It was an alert device that was so nimble that even a super-advanced person with restrained life had no chance to avoid it.

The merchant sold it at auction and became the richest man on the continent. And 287 objects passed into the hands of the powerful people of each country, and it is estimated that about 82 objects remain today.

'It is true.'

This was the story that Xenoger had heard during his assassination training.

That's why the current situation is even more bizarre.

Shirone could not own something that could not be obtained by anyone other than the highest nobility or royalty of each country.

"That... ... where did you get it It doesn't sound like a very expensive life."

Shirone hurriedly stood up and took a fighting stance.

"What are you? What were you trying to do to me?"

Xenoger waved his hand in the air without answering.

As the threads tangled, a skein of white thread that could be seen was wrapped around the wrist. Attaching one end to the ceiling and pulling on it, his body flew at high speed.

Shirone cast teleportation. However, Xenoger's appearance had already completely disappeared from sight.

It was a great master. At least from Shirone's point of view.

Xenoger moved along the wall and chased Shirone.

Anyway, it was a target that could be killed more than 90% with the Hitman method. Above all, there will be no more <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>, so the fact that Shirone will die has not changed.

Shirone couldn't escape.

No matter how he hid it until now, it was suffocating from Xenogor's life.

Moreover, the source of life was not one place. It was said that it was disrupting the spirit zone's synesthesia at a tremendous speed.

'I will die at this rate!'

Shirone gave up running away in a desperate situation. He instead lowered his fists and unleashed his berserk with all his might.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

The walls of the basement shook and dust fell.

"Kekeke! It is magic, magic."

There is no occupational group in the world that looks down on wizards, but the Assassination Clan Spathur had a manual to deal with every situation.

When Xenoger stretched out his lips, a steel wire twisted with spider webs popped out. The steel wire that penetrated the width of the beam pierced Shirone's shoulder.

"Keugh!"

Shirone hurriedly pulled out the thread and rolled on the floor. It wasn't a fatal wound, but with this blow, I clearly realized the difference in his skills.

Expansion-type defense magic such as wide-breadth boasts a wide range of defense, but is weak against local penetration.

A skilled person at a level that sees through magic and responds to it as soon as he sees it. His thinking speed is probably much higher than Shirone's.

Xenoger, who had stayed out of Shirone's field of vision, suddenly fell down. It was the perfect spider to land with both hands on the ground.

Xenoger's tongue came out long and licked his entire face.

"Kiki, good response. I aimed for the heart, but I dodged it. A kid like you is my taste. I want to tie it up with a spider web and give it a lot of cuteness, but... ... ."

Shirone trembled at the chilling feeling.

"Because this one is also busy."

As Xenoger disappeared from sight faster than before, Shirone fell into a state of inability to judge.

Wizards can produce powerful power that transcends human common sense, but it is true that it is difficult to deal with those who have raised their physical abilities to the limit if it is limited to interpersonal combat.

Xenoger was a master who had never been seen before, and it was a mistake to think of responding from the beginning.

Shirone completely turned around and deployed teleportation.

If it was impossible to escape and difficult to deal with, the only option left was to hide and buy time.

Flashes of light bounced off the walls and entered the pantry. The space was huge enough for hundreds of royal family members to eat, and the food was divided into compartments.

Shirone leaned back and hid in the place where the milk bags were piled up like a castle wall. He hadn't cast a spell in particularly long, but he was already out of breath.

'Where is the place to target me? ceiling? behind the turret? Or the other side?'

Shirone moved her eyes and tried to find Xenoger's traces.

But in reality, Xenoger was stuck in the ceiling of the corner of the warehouse, completely different from Shirone's expectations.

'Kikiki, you fool. To think that common sense would work for someone with mimicry abilities.'

Xenoger's eight eyes accurately captured Shirone.



@



Borrowing the power of the Geumgang Armed Forces, Zeon's combat power was comparable to that of a public figure's swordsman. Without even time to cast teleportation, Amy was attacking with sharp attacks.

Seeing Amy with a pale face, Ji-on felt relieved. Armand, which is evaluated as an S-class object even among manufacturers, truly deserved its value.

Effort is not suitable for royalty. Of course, the same goes for talent. The reason why the royal family is noble is that bloodline, and that bloodline is enough to buy effort and talent.

"Still, it holds up quite well."

I certainly didn't expect the battle to last this long. I thought he was a weak wizard, but his movements were nimble like a swordsman.

"Hey, did you mean that you prepared thoroughly from a young age? If so, it's even more sad. To be beaten by me who didn't even learn swordsmanship, let alone magic."

"Stop talking nonsense! I will never lose to a child who only relies on weapons like you!"

Amy gritted her teeth and ran towards Zion.

I was so upset that I was in tears. It was a result of 10 years of hard work. A human who had never suffered in his entire life could not defeat himself with just one demonic sword.

Amy used the Schema's ability to the maximum to unleash a distraction tactic. However, she changed Armando Gion's constitution accordingly.

<Gothic>-Enemy object acceleration change detection. Removal of retinal afterimages. Maximize visual perception.

The reason why afterimages occur is because the human brain remembers things for one tenth of a second when it sees them.

However, when Armand removed the retinal afterimage, Amy's movements came in as clearly as if they were cut off.

Ji-on stood for a while and then suddenly flew away. She grazed Amy's collar as the sword mounted on her gauntlet slashed through space.

Zion is not a schema user. However, Keumgang Armed Forces' body coordination ability reproduced the effect of the schema as it was.

'no. I can never admit something like this!'

Amy bit her lip.

Avoiding Zeon's gaze requires speed that exceeds his cognitive abilities. But his own schema did not reach that level.

'then... ... .'

Amy entered the Spirit Zone.

In a confined space, even against an agile warrior equipped with a short-range weapon, he didn't know how effective magic would be, but if the straight-air method didn't work, it would be wrong to survive.

'Eat this!'

Amy spread fireballs in all directions. Instead of targeting, it was a tactic of convincing and limiting movement.

'Sheesh! plaguy.'

Zion gave up the charge and retreated.

There are numerous objects in the gallery. As long as Armand was there, the other things didn't matter, but the problem was that the placenta belonged to Uorin.

'I have to save the object for now.'

After reading Ji-on's emotions, Armand stretched out his tentacles in all directions.

As the tentacles clung to the wall, Zeon's body floated.

As the tension worked, Zeon's body flew like a flying insect. As he swung his sword at great speed, the fireball split in two.

Amy snorted.

'Hmph, do you think you can stop that?'

Even if the form changes, the heat does not disappear.

As expected, as the flames hit Ji-on, a combustion reaction took place in Armand's organic matter.

However, the charcoal-like epidermis fell off and was filled with new organic matter.

Self-existence is the strength of living things. The reason <Demonic Sword Armand> was S-class was because it possessed the strengths of both metal and living things.

Zion, who blocked the fireball, looked down at Amy while standing in the air.

"You have a surprisingly hot personality. But I won't be able to install any more."

Amy stepped back and put the fire mist around her. She wouldn't be able to turn the tide in particular, but there was nothing like heat to block the creature's approach.

"Hmph, you're very luminous."

Amy knew too. It was miserable that all I had to do was improvise.

However, the opponent's movements were unpredictable, and even her sniper mode, her specialty, was impossible in a small space.

But the reason I don't give up is because I saw a glimmer of hope. The reason is unknown, but it was a movement that seemed to make Ji-on dislike the destruction of objects in the room.

'It doesn't look very expensive.'

It was questionable, but it was the only gap in the current situation. As an experiment, Amy fired her fire strike openly at her display case.

As expected, Ji-on threw herself. A tentacle extending from over his shoulder blocked the path of Fire Strike.

A popping sound erupted, burning the tips of the tentacles.

Amy, who was thinking of cutting off the tentacles, clicked her tongue at the durability that was stronger than she thought.

But her magic had only just begun. She fired fire strikes all around her as she rotated the target-type spirit zone.

Zion swung his tentacles and blocked it one after another, but Armand's durability also had a limit.

'huh! Then I just need to catch the wizard!'

A tentacle pressed down on the nape of Amy's neck and pushed out. As he hit the back of his head against the wall, his mind shook for a moment, but he activated his red eyes and immediately reset it.

"Keugh, I can only stop it with something like this... ... ."

At that moment, a sharp needle protruded from the tentacle and pierced his throat. Then, as the Spirit Zone disappeared, his magic was broken.

Zion heard Armand's voice and came down to the floor.

<Gothic>-user pituitary hormone extraction. Combination. Manufacture of nerve-stabilizing substances. complete. Injection.

The human body is like a huge chemical factory. Armand extracted Zeon's body hormones and manufactured his own nerve-stabilizing substance.

Amy couldn't contain her drowsy mind.

'damn... ... ! What kind of swords do you have?'

I tried to activate my red eyes, but I couldn't concentrate to form a spirit zone due to the endless flow of tranquilizers. Rather, more chemicals flooded in and poisoned the liver.

"Huh, as long as you distract the wizard, it's over. Both you and Shirone. What the hell is magic so arrogant about?"

Amy took a deep breath and looked up at the ceiling. It was difficult to lower her gaze as her eyes rolled back on their own.

"It must be hard, but why don't you just pass out? In the meantime, play with your body. Of course, don't expect to wake up with limbs intact."

"Kuh! Keugh... ... !"

Amy resisted desperately.

"ha ha ha! It's really a spectacle to struggle. Do you understand now? What will happen if you touch the royal family?"

Amy squeezed out a bit of strength to activate her red eyes.

"Is it really so?"

Zion snorted. He knew he couldn't get into the Spirit Zone anyway.

But in the next moment, something amazing happened. A lump of flame burned in Amy's hand.

Before Ji-on could organize her thoughts, Amy fired a spark at the shelf.

"Damn it! Stop it!"

As Zeon's consciousness focused on the ledge, Armand withdrew his tentacles and threw the master's body backwards.

Just before the display case exploded, Ji-on managed to block the way. The moment I held my breath in preparation for the heat, the fireball vanished in vain.

"What, what?"

It was a jack-o'-lantern's crappy spark. Since the spirit has its own spirit zone, it could be cast regardless of Amy's mental state.

=======================================
[290] 5. All kinds of variables (4)





After being freed from the tentacles, Amy reset her mind to red eyes. Her sedatives were so overpowered that she vomited, but she managed to get into the Spirit Zone.

Equipped with a fireball of conversion, Amy waved her hand as she jumped through the door. The organically entangled door shattered as a powerful fireball hit.

By the time Ji-on realized that he had been tricked, the second door was already bursting through.

"Oh, sir... ... !"

Ji-on questioned the prickly Armand.

"What have you been doing? You missed it!"

It was the typical appearance of an inexperienced user.

Armand can copy the user's brain to promote intelligence, but strictly speaking, it was just a sword symbiotic with its master. It is not possible to make judgments on behalf of a situation.

Therefore, swearing at Armand only meant cursing at his own stupid head.

"You have to chase it. let's go."

As if in response to Ji-on's words, numerous tentacles came out from the Geumgang Armament and stuck into the wall. Ji-on rose to the surface with the power of the tentacles and was pushed forward as if on a swing.



@



Reina stopped walking and put her ears in the direction of the sound. The Sound of Silence's ability detected a huge vibration echoing underground.

The sound passing through the walls was clearly subtle. However, the fact that the sound could be heard from the castle, which boasted the highest durability in the kingdom, meant that an enormous shock had occurred at the epicenter.

'It's underground!'

Reina jumped onto the stairs in front of her.

Power enough to shake a building is impossible even with the sword of a dizzying swordsman. It was evident that Shirone had cast magic.

The moment I stepped into the basement, I heard someone running at the end of the hallway. Examining the rhythm of the footsteps, it was the movement of an extremely excited person.

Reina clung to the wall, wary of the approaching opponent. He saw a man running through the darkness.

Reina, who spotted Amy, hurriedly blocked the way.

"Amy!"

"Aww! It's a surprise! sister?"

"what? Why are you here?"

"Run for now!"

As if Amy didn't have time to explain, she grabbed Reina's arm and ran. Then Reina also activated her schema and matched her speed with her Amy.

bang! bang!

The sound of a heavy impact hitting the wall was transmitted.

Reina unlocked the Sound of Silence. Listening to the vibration in this state was about to blow out the eardrum.

"what? Are monsters following you?"

Amy sighed. She wants to tell the absurd story of her experience, but her first priority is to find Shirone.

"I'll tell you later. What about Shirone?"

"This way. I heard a noise over there."

The two entered the fork in the road on the left and looked at the warehouse waiting for them at the end of the single road. On the information board that came down from the ceiling, the phrase "food storage" was written.

Upon entering, the inside was a mess with traces of battle.

The air was opaque, with flour pouring down and parts of it releasing like smoke. Vegetables were cut into pieces, as if they were left over from slicing, and were dressed in flour. Amy thought it was a relief that this wasn't a meat store.

"Where is Shirone?"

As Amy looked to the left and right and moved on, Reina spread her arms to block her.

"Dangerous. Don't move."

Stunned, Amy looked where Reina was staring. Numerous cobwebs stretched through the flour smoke.

"This... ... !"

When I came to my senses, I looked back and saw that there were spider webs everywhere. It was a dreary sight, like a sealed warehouse for 100 years.

"Why is there a spider web in a place like this? It looks like a huge spider too."

"Be careful. I have something."

Reina slowly moved through the webs, leaving Amy behind.

At that moment, a faint voice was heard from the other side where the sacks were piled up.

"... ... Hit it."

Reina and Amy blew themselves off at the same time and headed there.

Shirone was caught upside down in a giant spider's web. His clothes were tattered here and there, and there were numerous stab wounds all over his body.

Amy had tears in her eyes.

"Shirone!"

"Run away... ... . this guy... ... incredibly strong... ... ."

"wait! I'll save you now!"

Amy ran right away.

Just thinking about the sight of a stranger caught in a spider's web gave me chills, but the fact that the target was Shirone was shocking horror.

After examining the web for a while, she grabbed it with her hands and tore it when she couldn't find a way. The cold pain was intense. When I removed her hand and examined it, I saw that her palm had been cut sharply.

"What kind of spider web is this?"

Shirone shouted with all her might.

"Amy! Run away!"

At that moment, Reina hugged Amy by the waist and threw herself. The shrill wind was a sound wave that she could never hear except for Reina's hearing.

Amy, who fell to the floor, looked back at Reina, not knowing why. But her gaze was fixed somewhere in the dark.

"Geuk, that's quite right."

Xenoger, who was hanging upside down next to Shirone, came down.

Amy and Rayna were taken aback by the man's grotesque appearance. The torch was far away, so I couldn't see it in detail, but there were definitely several pupils.

"When a string moves, it vibrates. If you have the ability to hear that vibration, you certainly can't kill it with a two-dimensional cut. Yes, it is."

Amy took a step forward and shouted.

"What have you done to Shirone! Release me quickly!"

Xenoger turned his head at eye level with Shirone, who was hanging upside down.

"Oh, this? I got it for now, Kiki. You can tell by touching it, but it is quite sharp. If you struggle, your whole body will be cut to pieces. That's why I can't even lift one of her fingertips."

"this... ... !"

Just as Amy was about to vent her anger, Xenoger said.

"Okay, here's the problem. Then, when did the scars on Shirone's body appear? 1, before being caught in a spider's web. Number 2, after being caught in a spider web."

Amy didn't know why that was important in the current situation.

However, as he pondered Xenogor's words, his face grew red. If the answer was the latter, he was going to twist Xenoger's neck no matter what.

"You will never forgive me."

When Amy was furious, Zenoger found comfort. In fact, number two was his favorite game. If you put it on top of a spider's web and injure it little by little, the prey can move or not.

Unfortunately, the correct answer was number 1.

Shirone's sense of recognizing the existence of the assassin was truly amazing even to Jenoger. After 10 minutes of tracking, I was just about to be caught in a spider's web.

I heard Ji-on's voice from the entrance of the warehouse.

"What, is it not over yet?"

Amy looked back with a bewildered look. Ji-on, her tentacles hanging down like her octopus legs, was arrogantly looking down at her with her hands behind her back.

Amy and Rayna immediately turned their backs.

Shirone is captured by the assassin and even blocked from retreating. The whole situation was working against me.

However, Ji-on did not pay attention to the two women.

It was unexpected that Reina chased this far, but it was a rat in the dock anyway. She was more interested in Shirone, who was caught in her web rather than him.

Landing on the ground, Xenoger bowed and saluted.

"Are you here, Prince? I was just about to finish it."

"Wrap-up? It's way past the promised time. How did this happen?"

"sorry."

Xenoger made no excuses. No matter how excellent an assassin he is, he can only give one reprieve to those who possess <The Last Scream of the Jaeger Family>, but Spatour's pride comes only from his skills.

Ji-on waved his hand as if he was annoyed.

"Okay, let's get this done quickly. Cut Shirone's head."

Xenoger immediately lowered his head and climbed onto the web that was tied to Shirone. But when I was about to finish the work, there was someone who came to mind.

"Is one person still missing?"

I was talking about Arius.

But Zion didn't care.

The flicker magic, the exclusive patent of the Scale Wizard, can be said to be a short-distance spatial movement that occurs from extreme space-time distortion.

Even if they were imprisoned, if they didn't have a magic control device, they would move to the other side in an instant.

Therefore, time and space were not so important to Arius. He was probably looking for an opportunity to appear at some coordinate in time and space by now.

"I will be waiting. Now, quickly separate Shirone's head from her body."

"All right."

Amy shouted, adopting a fighting stance.

"You are laughing! Who do you think would let that happen?"

Ji-on finally looked back at the women and spewed out his life. Tentacles rose over his shoulders, ready to poke out like witch's claws.

Even in her distant consciousness, Shirone sensed that the armor surrounding Zeon's body was Armand's reality.

I thought that if I stayed like this, everyone would die, so I struggled and shouted, not caring about the fact that my flesh was being torn.

"Run away! Take Raina sister and Amy and run away!"

Amy didn't even listen with the back of her ear.

What's the use of running away if Shirone dies? For now, I had no choice but to settle with Zeon.

Reina seemed to have come to the same conclusion, so she lengthened her stride and glared at Zeon.

Auguste is a family that worships swords. Although he did not carry his weapon, the skills he had honed since childhood were never easy.

Amy and Reina split left and right and attacked Zeon with pincers. Unexpectedly, Armand's reaction weakened noticeably.

No matter how symbiote it is, all judgments are made by Zeon. However, as he had no combat experience, he could not properly respond to the diversionary action, and as such, Armand's tentacles could not find the exact point of impact.

Amy immediately noticed the change in her partner.

'You look at me funny! I'll pay you back properly!'

Ji-on gritted his teeth in an unexpected situation. Armand was blocking the visible magic with his tentacles, but Reina, who was invisible, was concerned.

"damn! These girls!"

Zeon retreated as far as he could and blocked the door. If you can subdue your opponent anyway, you should at least block the escape route.

But that was exactly what the two of them were aiming for.

Reina took a long detour through the warehouse and jumped on the sack.

"It's here!"

Any other knight would not have looked back at Reina's voice. It's a fact that even a child knows who is more dangerous between Reina who fights with her bare hands and Amy who uses her magic.

However, Zeon looked back with a sense of urgency, and Amy cast a fire strike aiming at the blind spot.

'finished!'

The moment Amy thought so, her body was suddenly seized by a strange power and flew away. She struggled to get out of her inertia, but it was beyond her control.

In the middle of the flight, it was only when I looked back at Reina that I realized what had happened.

The skein that flew like a cannon came loose and turned into a spider's web and attacked Reina. Her body clung to the wall near the ceiling with cobwebs.

The moment I checked that far, Amy felt a strong pain in her back as she was slammed into the wall.

I looked down at the cobwebs that were holding me down. Even if she tried to break it by force, it was too tough.

If the thing holding Shirone was a steel wire as sharp as a blade, it was like sticky slime.

Reina and Amy struggled with all their might, but they weren't Xenogers to be left alone.

Xenoger inflated his upper body like a balloon and spewed out spider web beads from his mouth.

A series of spider webs stretched out at the mid-point and continued to cover Reina and Amy.

"Aww!"

Each time the spider's web adhered to it, the restraining force became stronger.

As more than five sheets stuck together, Amy was eventually immobilized. It was the same for Reina, who was on the wall opposite her.

"Cheuk, wait too long. Are you all right, Prince?"

Only then did Jion let go of the hour and come down to the floor. I was very satisfied to see the three people who looked like flying flies, unable to even struggle and restrained.

=======================================
[291] 5. All kinds of variables (5)





Ji-on looked back at Amy and mocked him.

"Heh, that's nice. You should have touched someone who would touch that."

"Cowardly child! Release this quickly!"

"Do not worry about it. I'll release you. But before that, take a good look."

Zeon turned halfway around and gave instructions to Xenoger.

"Bring Shirone's head to me."

Then, Xenoger climbed up the spider's web with a fishy smile.

Controlling the center of gravity through mimicry, he freely moved around the steel wire without getting hurt.

"Amy! Amy!"

Shirone called Amy even when her life was in danger.

Seeing that, Ji-on was even more happy. In my opinion, I wanted to bully Amy in front of him, but my desire to possess Ataraxia quickly was no less than that.

'Wait, but what about Arius?'

Now that the plate was perfectly spread, it was appropriate to appear.

I felt a little uneasy, but it didn't make sense that the scale wizard who handles time and space would be late for an appointment. It seemed to flash and appear at the last moment.

'Sheesh, it's a fuss with useless directing. Anyway, I'm just pretending.'

It wasn't a personality I didn't know from the beginning anyway. Arius also has the pride of a professional, so he will do the right thing no matter what.

Ji-on looked around for the last time and pretended to slit his throat.

Xenoger, who was holding down Shirone, stuck out his tongue and sprinted as if he were going to lick his face. But Shirone didn't even look at him and yelled at Amy as hard as she could.

"Amy! Run away!"

"Kekeke, pitiful. But you die anyway."

Xenoger spread his arms and legs wide and took a position as if to press down on Shirone. He heard a thump from his side and two new arms came out from inside his collar.

Seeing this, Shirone's face turned pale.

"Cheuk, why? Are you gross? But I can make up to six arms."

Xenoger pulled the steel wire out of his mouth with his new arms. Then, with skillful skill, he turned a circle around Shirone's neck.

"There will be no pain. Because it is the best in the industry."

Shirone sensed death and closed her eyes. It seemed that his short life of 18 years was coming to an end here. But he couldn't die like this. he shouted with all his might.

"Amy! this... ... !"

"Snip!"

Before Shirone could finish his words, Xenoger laughed grotesquely and pulled the wire with both arms. As the cobwebs got into Shirone's skin, incontinence formed like a loop around his neck.

At the same time, I heard the sound of electricity flowing from behind Xenoger. It was a noise peculiar to the flicker magic, the exclusive patent of the Scale Wizard.

'That's right.'

Zeon clicked his tongue at Arius' bravado. Anyway, the timing was amazing, so there was nothing to be angry about.

"yes?"

There was a strange light in Ji-on's eyes.

It wasn't Arius. No, is it Arius? He covered his face with a mask so he couldn't be identified.

"What is it, that little bitch?"

Without answering, the mask rolled on the floor and blocked the key point to Reina and Amy. As soon as he appeared, he could tell that he was not an ally just by looking at the position he occupied.

'Isn't that Arius? Then where is the child? Shirone is already dead... ... .'

Zeon hurriedly turned his head towards Xenoger. He was wearing a bizarre smile, but it was a subtly distorted expression that could never be seen in real life.

Shirone was also looking at Amy with her eyes wide open. And the most important steel wire... ... It didn't move as if it were frozen, lightly buried in Shirone's skin.

At that moment, the sound of flicker magic was heard again.

As soon as Arius appeared in the space, he rolled on the floor and stopped next to Zeon. He was covered in sweat as if revealing the weariness of the past.

"damn! Are you late?"

Ji-on shouted, unable to control his annoyance.

"what! What happened? Who is that child?"

"I do not know. It's definitely an unlocker of time magic. I tried to get away with it somehow, but I kept disturbing the coordinates... ... ."

In the force field of space and time, the two attempted flickers over 700 times. The mask also struggled, but as a result, it was myself who was late.

'Damn it. The compatibility is the worst.'

For space experts, time expertise was like a natural enemy. No, it was the same even if you think about it backwards.

A relationship like fire and water, where each other is reluctant to each other.

Even so, the fact that he arrived before himself meant that his masking skills were the highest among scale wizards.

'Who the hell are you? With that level of skill, he must be a familiar wizard.'

Also, that's why he wore a mask.

The reason why the entire face is covered is probably a device to completely hide one's identity. After all, if you reach that level, you can replace it with the Spirit Zone.

Arius had some guesses in his head. However, no one had the chance to stand in their way in this situation.

Zeon could not stand it and approached Shirone, brandishing the blade of his gauntlet.

"Sheesh! it's okay! I'll take care of it!"

"Do not approach!"

Ji-on flinched and stopped walking.

Arrogant by nature, he was more annoyed at being yelled at than thinking he was out of danger.

"what's the matter? You can't even move anyway."

"That is the time field, which is the specialty of time series unlockers. To put it simply, it's a conversion of slow magic into a breakaway type."

"Departure type? Tell me so that I can understand what you are talking about."

Arius felt sorry for Jion, but he couldn't help it.

Considering that a battle would take place, I had to tell the point when I was confronting the mask.

I don't expect Zeon's combat power, but Armand will be useful depending on how you use it.

"If you enter the stationmaster, the prince will be like that too."

Zeon looked at Shirone and Xenoger, who were frozen in time.

It was terrifying to be in such a state with the enemy right in front of you.

"Don't get too close. The moment you touch it, everyone becomes the same."

"Then what if that bastard uses his hand first?"

"That is impossible. If the caster enters the breakaway spirit zone, the breakaway spell is broken. That is, time returns. That mask will have no choice but to stay this way."

Arius did not take his guard away from the mask and quietly examined the station field.

The radius was not as large as expected. However, since it is clear that he is a specialist in the time series, the time distortion must have been enormous.

'what?'

Arius felt strange and stared at the time field. To be precise, it was Xenoger and Shirone who were trapped in the time field.

'It's moving... ... ?'

Xenogur's arm is moving.

Of course, even he, who has extremely delicate senses, couldn't confirm it with his eyes, but the 'feeling' that he was moving was definitely conveyed.

'What the hell happened?'

If the opponent's skill is what you realized when you chased it with Flickr, it's normal when extreme time distortion is applied.

However, at this level, it seemed that visible movement could be confirmed even after an hour or so.

'If you calculate the time to dive to the first stage of the mother's consciousness... ... .'

Arius swallowed dryly.

It's not over yet.

Since the brain was not completely separated from the body, there might be pressure from the unconscious, but Shirone was shocked to the point of death anyway.

Besides, by the time they reached the first stage, Shirone's condition would have deteriorated even further, so there was a chance of winning if he preoccupied the high ground.

"Prince, I will open the door."

"what? now?"

"There are still possibilities. Unfortunately, I need to borrow some strength. Please follow me as soon as I enter."

Arius activated the door magic outside the station field. As the Spirit Zone materialized, a two-meter-tall elliptical sphere was born.

As Arius jumped in, Zeon gritted his molars in embarrassment.

But this was not the time to hesitate. I hated dealing with that mask here anyway.

"damn! plaguy!"

Ji-on threw her tentacles back and threw herself into the door.

The mask finally got out of its crouching position and stood up. After thinking for a moment, he ran toward the door without looking back.

"Wait!"

The mask stopped in front of the door and looked back at Amy.

"Take me too! It's like a door to heaven, right? I've been there too. It will help save Shirone."

Mask revealed his voice for the first time.

"How are you going to get into that state?"

"That, so... ... If you let go of this... ... ."

"Ignite."

"Yes?"

Amy looked at the mask with surprised eyes.

"Don't you know Ignite? Isn't that a fire mage? Cobwebs, which are highly viscous, are weak against fire. If I had burned it with fire magic, I would have been able to escape."

"ah... ... ."

Amy put on a blank expression. Looking back, she couldn't figure out why she hadn't thought of it.

Because it's urgent?

Of course, that is also true. But to be precise, I couldn't bring it up from the unconscious.

The spirit zone's flames do not burn the wizard, but the fire from burning the spider's web will burn the wizard.

The profit and loss account held back the idea. Even though Shirone was dying.

'Why am I... ... .'

Amy lowered her head with tears in her eyes.

"There is no need to blame yourself. This kind of situation is difficult to deal with if you are not trained. You have too little experience. It's dangerous to follow me. It won't take long. Please wait here."

"I do not like it! I will go with you!"

Amy shouted with her eyes wide open. It seemed that she would regret it for the rest of her life if she continued to wear the mask.

'It's not scary! It's not because I'm afraid of fire!'

I really hadn't thought of it. But if it's Shirone... ... would have figured it out

Maybe Ignite wasn't what I was trying to say at the end? Even though he was in a dying situation, he said that to save himself... ... .

'Shirone! I will definitely save you!'

When I cast Fire Mist, flames soared in the spider's web. As the mask said, it burned really well. Amy squeezed her eyes shut, not caring that her face was disfigured.

At that moment, the heat suddenly disappeared.

When I opened my eyes, I saw a masked man standing there holding a spider web and throwing it into the air. Like thread used in magic, the web quickly burned and disappeared.

"Uh, why... ... ?"

Mask sighed and knelt down in front of Amy.

"That is foolish. Even if you got out, the outcome wouldn't have changed. Unless the opponent was also an idiot, it only accelerated Shirone's death."

Amy got up right away.

This man is really strong. And he was still trying to do something without giving up.

"Please let me go. No, I will go alone now."

"Amy! Me too, I'll go too! release me!"

Reina, clinging to a high place, struggled with her ankles and shouted.

Amy asked, casting Ignite between her fingers.

"Are you okay? It must be hot."

"My stomach is burning even more now! do it faster! The tunnel might close."

Amy smiled and raised the flame between her thumb and index finger.

Even a slight heat will instantly ignite it, but if it falls under the influence of gravity, you may not get serious burns.

However, before she could cast the magic, the spider's web split vertically and Reina fell down.

Amy looked at the mask in bewilderment. Who the hell is this man who precisely cuts only the spider's web with a simple wind cutter? She was a powerful person you wouldn't have met, at least not from her own personal connections.

Reina landed swiftly and approached Amy.

She, too, looked at the mask curiously. She doesn't seem to be a bad person, but since she's unknown, she hasn't lifted her guard.

Mask checked the condition of the door. A strong energy field was emanating from the edge of space. It was proof that life was coming to an end.

=======================================
[292] 5. All kinds of variables (6)





"Now that it's like this, I won't stop it. But I'd recommend waiting. If you go in, your life cannot be guaranteed. Leave Shirone to me."

The mask quickly spat out the words and jumped into the door.

Amy looked at Shirone's condition.

The solid lines of the cobwebs tightening around his neck were clearly visible. Besides, the focus didn't move at all from where it was tied up.

However, it did not completely stop, so if left as it was, it would eventually die.

Amy and Rayna looked back at each other and met their eyes. And without hesitation, he jumped inside the door.

5 seconds later, the door disappeared.

Xenoger and Shirone were slowly thawing, frozen at the crossroads of life and death. A very slow groan escaped from between Shirone's lips.

He probably wanted to shout Ignite.

6. The Great Secret (1)





<Separately> Shirone's consciousness. Level 11 Surface Psychology.



Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Thunder struck. It was raining in torrents. Dark clouds covered the entire sky, making it impossible to tell whether it was day or night.

Amy looked around the street in the pouring rain. The city was definitely a place I had never seen before, but it was somehow familiar.

Rows of buildings lined the brick-paved streets, and whale oil torches hung from each shop. Even he was weak due to the strong wind.

All the common beggars had evacuated, and only men in ready-to-wear hurried on their way with their collars adjusted.

In the distance, a carriage covered with raincoats was heading for the city gates to get out of the city.

It was probably daytime.

Amy and Raina looked back at each other, shivering with chills. Rain-soaked clothes clung to her body and her head looked like a drowned mouse.

"What the hell... ... ."

"You came in too."

The two women instinctively covered themselves and turned away. Although she was wearing clothes, her body was exposed, so there was no choice but to be wary.

A masked man walked in the darkness of the alley.

"I've been waiting for it because I thought it would be like that."

Amy asked.

"Who are you? What is your relationship with Shirone?"

Instead of answering, the man took off his mask. With his face covered, he wondered how he could see, but a thin bandage covered his eyes. He was blind from the start.

"My name is Generaid Armin. I have a little relationship with Shirone."

Amy tilted her head. Do you have a relationship with Shirone?

Of course, Shirone must have connections that others don't know about. However, if I had known someone of this level, there was no way I wouldn't have spoken.

"How can you believe that? Shirone never said anything like that... ... ."

Armin ignored it, looked somewhere, and pointed alternately at the two women.

"First, avoid the rain. Please follow me."

Standing in the heavy rain for a few minutes caused the body temperature to drop rapidly, so the two had no choice but to comply.

Moreover, I didn't want to show such an embarrassing appearance even among women.

The place Armin took the two of them to was a restaurant and inn that doubled as a restaurant.

Amy checked the name on the sign before entering the building. It was similar to the Tormia language, but it was subtly different, so I couldn't understand the meaning.

"welcome."

When I opened the door and entered, a woman in her 40s who was knitting at the counter greeted me in a formal tone.

When I looked at the building from the outside, I wondered if it was too narrow, but when I entered, it was a structure that stretched deep into the inside.

The hall was about 7 pyeong, and there were three tables for drinking. In the corner, hunters were sitting and warming up with hot drinks.

After passing through the hall and turning the corner, there is a corridor that goes deep, and the floor was torn down and a fire pit was placed. Rainwater did not come in until here because there was a drainage canal.

Square tables were placed around it, and people dressed as travelers were eating.

Armin first offered an empty seat to the women, then turned around the table and sat across from him.

Then, a musician wearing a conical hat who was warming up near the fire pit began to tune a four-stringed instrument.

Inns frequented by travelers hire a musician and have a contract to play music when a certain number of people gather.

Also, even if the number of people is not enough, if you personally give money, you can play.

The musician played the instrument and sang in a melancholy tone.

It was a song about a knight who lost his loved one going on a journey to find a place to die. The tune was calm, but the lyrics were quite sad.

Reina was surprised to realize that the musician's performance was of a high standard. However, it was a variation that deviated from the basics of harmony. It was like mixing several songs into one.

But the other travelers didn't seem to care. No, they didn't care about anything. It was proof that he did not even look at the two women with their bodies exposed.

Amy wondered. She, of course, didn't necessarily mean that if she exposed her body, she'd be watched by men, but she was in a weird situation anyway.

Upon closer inspection, they were not eating. The fork was moving pointlessly back and forth between the food and the mouth.

Even so, the reason why it seemed to eat was because it kept muttering something with a depressed expression.

Unreadable signage. A strange song with a popping melody. People who don't eat rice. and a sad expression.

Amy suddenly got goosebumps. For the first time she realized that this place was unlike any world she had ever known.

"Hey, where are you?"

Armin nodded as if he had been waiting for the question to arrive.

"This is Syrone's ritual. I looked at it before you came, and it seems to be level 11 of the 12 levels of the human psyche, or surface psychology."

I had heard from Arin when I went to Galliant that the human mind is divided into 12 levels.

But now that wasn't the problem. The problem was that she had been there.

I asked if Rayna felt the same way.

"So you're saying that this is Shirone's consciousness?"

Armin nodded his head instead.

To explain such a strange world, it was effective to simply make people believe rather than persuade.

Amy saw through Armin's intentions and suppressed her curiosity.

let's believe The more important thing was how to save Shirone wherever this was.

"We have to go after Arius. Besides, in a little while Shirone's head will be cut off in real life."

Armin smiled and shook his head.

"There is quite a difference between real time and conscious time. You must have followed me right away, right? But I waited here for over 30 minutes."

Amy calculated sensibly.

There was a slight time difference, but it was a situation where Armin and I came here almost at the same time. However, if there was a difference of 30 minutes, it should be considered that the time was very slow compared to reality.

'No, I should say that the speed of consciousness is faster than that.'

Armin continued.

"Shirone will be fine for a while. If possible, I wanted to slow down the time even more, but there is a limit to the time field... ... ."

Currently, Armin has Keira, who is 14 kilometers away from Kazra's castle, tied to the stop magic's time field, so there aren't that many extra timelines.

If it was the slow magic used by ordinary wizards, it could have slowed down the time much more drastically, but it was not a wise choice in the situation at the time.

This is because slow is an active magic.

If you fill the battery slot, which most wizards have only one, with slow, you will hand over the initiative to the same scale wizard, Arius. Moreover, it was not an opponent that was easy enough to compete in a time-sharing situation.

That's why I used the passive skill Time Field.

The time field, which simultaneously occupies time and space, remains in effect in space even after it is activated, leaving one battery slot that can flexibly respond to the opponent's reaction.

It was because Arius was aware of this fact that he could not act hastily in the confrontation.

Thanks to this, Shirone avoided instant death, but Armin's timeline was left with only a tail. Even if it was possible to make as many station fields as possible, if it was ineffective, it would be worse than not having one.

'The only thing left is Flickr. I have no choice but to try with this.'

The reason why Armin waited for the two women was because the state of consciousness in the 11th stage he entered was serious.

I didn't want to put Shirone's friends in danger, but I thought that if I voluntarily entered, I would have no choice but to get help.

"Of course, it is not very leisurely. We need to find Shirone as soon as possible. Unfortunately, however, I have almost lost my fighting ability. That's why we need your help. First of all, I will tell you the information you need to know."

Reina said while taking a posture to listen.

"Yes, I want to help. So please tell me. Why is Zeon trying to bribe an assassin and even Arius to kill Shirone? I know Arius in particular is from Orkamp."

"To talk about that, first I have to tell you about Arius. His nickname is Grave Robber, and he belongs to the 7 Madou Girls who are quite famous in the Black Line."

At the word black line, Amy frowned.

There are criminals in the Red Line, but they are also those who raise their ranks with notoriety and achievements anyway.

For example, Arcane was like that.

The Black Line, on the other hand, was far from honorable. They only coveted their own pleasure and did not mind the collapse of society for that pleasure.

"You mean someone like that has been by Orkampf all this time?"

"Because the skills are certain. An Unlocker and Scale Wizard whose main job is to infiltrate people's minds and steal their thoughts. He had installed a door into Shirone's surface mind. He probably did at least one dive without Shirone knowing."

Amy knocked on the table. A crackling sound was heard.

"You mean everything in this inn is Shirone's consciousness?"

"Yes. It looks like an object, but in reality it is a landscape created by Shirone's mind."

Rayna asked.

"What kind of principle is that? Is it possible for a person's thoughts to appear in this concrete world?"

"All the minds acquired by human beings as they grow up become materialized. Love, anger, lukewarmness, they are all things. It is safe to interpret it as a language, but since this is a world related to the unconscious, objectification would be the correct expression."

Arius looked back at the scenery of the inn and continued.

"Then, why is the arrangement of objects similar to reality, even though it is a spiritual world? That's because everything in level 11 comes up through the realm of level 6 rem. If the unconscious was projected all the way here, it would be a completely messed up world."

said Amy, rubbing her chin.

"Hmm. So, does that mean that the human mind goes through a filter called REM and is converted into an object before coming up here?"

"Exactly. REM is a mental state during sleep, so it will be easier to understand if you think of it as a dream. Dreams are the dividing line between the conscious and the unconscious. So, in a dream, two characteristics appear at the same time. The higher you go up in the sixth level, the stronger your consciousness, and the lower you go, the stronger your unconscious."

Arius pointed to the ceiling.

"This is Level 11 Superficial Psychology, the highest layer except for the shell layer. So it's a very materialized world. It's real, complex, expansive."

The melancholy tune of the musician played quietly.

The variation was still messy, but thinking that this was also because it went through the filter of a dream, the eerieness disappeared.

said Rayna.

"I said Arius was a grave robber. What is he trying to steal from Shirone's mind?"

Amy replied.

"It's ataraxia."

=======================================
[293] 6. The Great Secret (2)





Armin nodded.

"That's right. The reason Shirone was invited to the Kazura Castle is because he possesses the power of an archangel."

"As expected. bad guys! I wasn't just trying to find my biological son."

Reina didn't know about heaven, so she couldn't understand what the two were saying, but she was silent for the moment. It wouldn't be too late to fill in the missing parts after hearing all the stories.

Amy suddenly raised her hand.

"wait a minute. But why did you try to kill Shirone? If Shirone dies, won't Ataraxia disappear too?"

Armin kept his mouth shut. sharp point. But from the moment he decided to enlist the help of the two of them, he thought he shouldn't lie, so he said it honestly.

"There is a reason for that. Perhaps it was Arius' idea to kill Shirone. In fact, at first he probably wouldn't have made up his mind that much. He must have simply infiltrated Shirone's mind and cloned Ataraxia. But it failed."

"Why? Is it difficult to duplicate?"

"There may be many variables, but in my opinion, ataraxia is not an ability that humans can handle. If you forcibly mount it at any point in your consciousness, you may go insane. So the original owner seems to have imprinted it in a very deep place."

"What if it's deep?"

Armin raised his index finger.

"Step 1. You will be in the maternal consciousness that governs your instincts. If you plant it in the realm of instinct, you will naturally accept even the most bizarre concept as if it existed in the first place."

Amy nodded. She finally felt like her front and back were falling into place.

Armin continued.

"Instinct is a safe space for you, but a terrible place for others. However, with Arius' skills, it would be possible to submerge the mother's consciousness for a while. Besides, it sounds like you've tried. Judging from the door being installed."

"But the robbery failed?"

"I can only think of that. Perhaps it is protected by a code system that humans cannot crack, or it is most likely imprinted in the form of a capsule that even Syrone cannot see inside. That's why he decided to kill Shirone. The reason why you can't recklessly enter the mother's womb consciousness is because the lower you go, the stronger your defense instincts become. Once the unconscious security device is activated, even the world's divers will drown without being able to escape."

"Now I get it. So, cut Shirone's head... ... ."

"Exactly. The human unconscious is rooted deep in the body. Thus, when the throat is cut, the unconscious defenses are disrupted. Arius took advantage of that opportunity."

Amy bit her lip and thought. There was one thing she still couldn't understand.

"Look, something doesn't seem right. Even if Arius reaches Stage 1 after dissolving the unconscious, what can he do there? If it's not the ability that humans can handle, you can't use it even if you clone it, right? There is no way to engrave it on your instincts like Shirone."

Armin felt that what was to come had come. From here on, it was a story that should never be known outside the world.

'I didn't want to reveal this as much as possible... ... .'

However, Shirone cannot be saved without their help. It was necessary to understand this world in order to increase the performance of the mission even a little.

"From now on, what you are going to hear is a top secret, no matter what country you are in. Of course, nothing is classified and confidential, but I will tell you anyway."

The two women nodded. Even so, the reason why I couldn't assure myself that I wouldn't reveal it was because I understood Armin's last words.

"The human mind... ... It can turn into a thing."

Amy blinked. First of all, she didn't come to her intuitively, and she felt that she was bland compared to what she expected.

But as Armin's words melted into his head, he realized how absurd they were.

"So the mind becomes a thing?"

Armin put off an answer and asked a random question.

"Have you ever heard the word dremo'?"

Raina shook her head first, followed by Amy's response.

Armin continued as if it was natural.

"Dremo is a multi-dimensional mental world. The human brain consumes energy to think. So, is thought energy? Some people think that energy is just for running the brain and thought is another concept. It is a product of energy. And that product must be discharged somewhere. That is the space called dream."

"It's a similar concept to the law of conservation of mass."

"you're right. Dreamo is a space that you can enter if you meet certain conditions in your dream. It's an imaginary complex where all thoughts converge. So, here's a great hypothesis. If thoughts escape into Dremo, on the contrary, thoughts in Dremo can be brought into reality."

Amy asked with a bewildered expression.

"Has anyone actually been to Dremo?"

"Why not? No, there are countless. After entering through a dream, they cleverly use the rule of equivalent exchange to smuggle it out. However, he said that it is not easy to smuggle a concept that does not contain a strong desire. In any case, Arius steals thoughts that way."

"Wait. That means that the items from Dremo already exist. Then what is it... ... ."

Amy realized something and opened her eyes wide.

"No way, that thing... ... ."

Arius said with a bitter smile.

"That's right. We call it an object."

Amy realized why Armin had threatened her. It was evidence that broke the existing hypothesis that thoughts are nothing but energy.

"Literally, an object is a materialized human mind. So, the ability of an object is based on a very personal desire. Of course, there is nothing strange about it. The only problem is when it turns out to be real."

said Rayna.

"I know about objects. According to an acquaintance wizard, it is an object that violates the laws of the universe. But now that I've heard it, it seems like they didn't get it right either."

Armin agreed.

"I will. Very few people in the high class, even royalty, know about Drimo. It's probably top-secret except for the king, except for the department dedicated to it. Objet seems to ignore the law of cause and effect, but accepting the hypothesis that thoughts are a type of matter does not mean ignoring the laws of the universe. However, there are still many unknowns about the interaction between reality and Dremo."

said Rayna.

"Like <The Last Cry of the Jaeger Family>."

"Oh, did you know?"

Reina blushed and shook her head.

"Nope. I just know it's called that. I went as a performer to a gathering of the royal family, and I heard a lot because my ears are so good. sorry. Just what I know comes out... ... ."

Armin smiled as if he was okay and told an anecdote about <The Last Cry of the Jaeger Family>. Amy, who had been listening with interest to her, shuddered at her final case.

"Did it really happen?"

"The actual case is correct. However, opinions are divided as to whether this is a psychopathic act of the family head or a phenomenon to achieve balance in the dimension. What is clear is that they went through a nonsense, and in the end, the object was left in its place. Maybe someone in the family contacted Dremo. I can't reveal the conditions for going to Dremo, but it's not like there's no chance of entering by coincidence."

Amy was curious about the condition, but kept her mouth shut thinking that it was not polite to ask that much.

"Anyway, the relationship between Drimo and reality is not something that humans can predict. That's why each country recognizes the act of approaching Dremo as a serious crime. Actually, the dive magic itself isn't that bad. It is used in the treatment of mentally ill people. You need a full diver license. But Arius is abusing it. That's why he is called a grave robber, not a diver. Access to Drimo is taboo in any country. This is why Arius is being pursued around the world as a Double S-class criminal."

Reina made a tired expression.

"In a sense... ... You have to deal with great people."

Armin also admitted that it wasn't easy.

"Actually, if he doesn't commit crimes, he's a really brilliant intellectual. Dive is a job that requires a lot of intellect."
Amy made an outline 
of what she had heard so far .

"I will sort it out. Arius is aiming for Ataraxia. He planned the murder to collapse Shirone's unconscious and is now heading into stage 1. There he will steal Ataraxia and go to Dremo. Then he smuggles them into reality. If so... ... ?"

Amy gave goosebumps just by imagining it. Also, that was the reason Armin came here, even binding Keira with her stop magic.

"you're right. Ataraxia becomes an object. The archangel's ability becomes a tool that anyone can use. This is really serious."

"... ... ."

Faced with a reality they don't want to admit, the two women are at a loss for words for a moment, lost in thought.



@



Being trapped in a time field doesn't mean being stupid.

The acceleration of thought, the acceleration of emotion, and the acceleration of cognition remain the same, but only the speed of development is slowed down.

That is why Shirone is still impulsive, and that impulse was developing into a more intense impulse in the slow flow of time.

Likewise, Xenoger's steel wire was digging into Shirone's neck with powerful energy in slow time.

The sound of flesh cracking spreads slowly, and even slower... ... The incontinence engraved on Shirone's neck was stained with blood.



@



Flash!

For an instant, the outside of the window was dyed golden.

Rumble! bang! Kwak Kwa Kwak!

The sound of thunder enough to leave heaven and earth shook the world.

Amy looked out the window with a terrified expression. She was a radical natural phenomenon that is hard to hear even in real life.

I thought I was past the age to be frightened by thunder, but when I heard the roar of the emperor, human fear gripped my heart.

"It's really amazing. It looks like it's thundering right in front of you."

Armin looked outside and said.

"The fear of death, accepted from the unconscious, has risen to the surface. But this is pretty good. If the average person had been in this situation, it would have been more than enough to cause mayhem. It's about Shirone, so I'm enduring it."

Amy smiled sadly. Unlike himself who had been criticized earlier, Armin was acknowledging Shirone.

How would it feel to be recognized by such a great wizard? That's why it was sad that Shirone wasn't here.

'Well, since all of this is Shirone... ... .'

Armin was wary of being sentimental.

"Even now, Kang Seon is strangling Shirone. It will get worse and worse and start to collapse from the bottom up. The aftermath of that can be seen by looking at the current state of Stage 11. In the end, the minimum conditions for Arius to dive into the deep sea are met."

Amy quickly regained a sense of reality.

"Is there a way? A way to save Shirone."

It doesn't end with stopping Arius and Zeon. If the time force field is released like this, Shirone will die immediately.

"Currently, there is only one way. We also pass through the REM area and dig into the depths. It's already too late to undo something in reality. But if you plant something at the bottom of your psyche, it might be possible."

Everything that happens in Shirone's consciousness immediately becomes Shirone's. Therefore, it was about planting in the unconscious in advance a way to respond in a crisis of desperation.

"Like Ataraxia, are you planting magic?"

Armin scratched his head.

"That is a bunch. In fact, I also don't know how Shirone came to possess that magic. There must have been something unique to the Archangel. But we're a bunch. However, if you go deep enough, you might be able to engrave something like a simple action guideline."

=======================================
[294] 6. The Great Secret (3)





said Rayna.

"A guide to action. Would that be possible?"

Shirone is already strangled by the steel wire. It seemed to him that planting a thought that would trigger some action wouldn't make the situation better.

"I have no choice but to try it once. In fact, it's not such an easy situation. Of course, cutting off the neck would take a considerable amount of time, but cutting off even an artery would be fatal. Perhaps by then the unconscious will be disintegrating at a breakneck speed."

Amy felt impatient.

"So what?"

The solution Armin suggested was simple.

"We need to find Shirone."

"Yes? But this is the spirit of Shirone."

"To be precise, everything here is a shadow created by projecting the core of Shirone. We'll find the core, not the shadows. I call it an avatar."

Amy remembered what she heard from Gadlock in the Valley of the Vortex Serpents. The whirlpool snake, which was the shadow of a giant snake, was really just a sleek little salamander. Heaven's people called it incarnation.

"Is that incarnation on the surface of the 11th level?"

Armin shook his head.

"There won't be. So you should call me."

Rayna asked.

"How do you call me?"

Amy noticed before hearing Armin's answer.

"Can't we just ask people? After all, everyone here is a Shirone."

Armin nodded in satisfaction. It seemed that the two of them now had some intuition about the nature of this world.

"you're right. Just ask people. It's called a keyword. It's quite a difficult task from the outside, but here you just have to ask. If you inject Shirone as a keyword, your incarnation will rise to level 11. Then let's go."

Armin walked to the counter with the two women. Then he asked the middle-aged woman who was still knitting.

"Do you know a man named Shirone?"

As soon as Armin's words fell out, the musician's performance stopped like a lie. I couldn't even hear people murmur.

It wasn't until I realized how much noise I was exposed to. It was perfectly still.

Amy looked around in a cool mood.

The people who had been depressed until now were looking at Armin with their eyes clear.

The same goes for the woman at the counter. As if her eyes had stopped, she opened her mouth belatedly.

"Why are you looking for that person?"

Armin sighed and smiled.

that person Seeing that he didn't say Shirone's name, it seemed like he was cautious.

In any case, you should speak well from now on. It was not allowed to be blatant, and it was forbidden to speak with hostility.

"I have something to tell you."

The woman thought for a moment and continued knitting.

"do not know. Who is that person?"

"okay."

Arius held his breath, thinking that it would not be easy.

Also well trained. Even wizards who specialize in the spirit world are bound to be shaken in a situation where their heads are cut off.

Even though there was thunder and chaos outside, the fact that the fragments of consciousness were still alert was a testament to how well he had collected his mind in normal times.

"All right. Then let's go."

The woman at the counter said without even looking.

"Pay the roof and go."

Even right before his death, he seemed to be relieved by receiving something to receive. This was also the spirit of a wizard who pursued 100% efficiency.

'Whoops, he's got a thorough personality.'

It is customary for people who enter an inn to avoid the rain without lodging and meals to pay a certain amount for the roof.

But Amy had no money. Even if she did, she doubted that real money would be a transaction.

Then Armin rummaged through his pockets. And he willingly took out a gold coin and paid.

"Here it is."

"yes?"

Amy examined the gold coin he handed over. As expected, it was a cog-shaped gold coin that was not used in reality.

The woman at the counter frowned as she touched the gold coin.

"This is too expensive."

"The change is done."

"I can't. It's okay, so just take it."

"Really fine."

When Armin refused with a smile, the woman coolly agreed.

"Okay then. You will be blessed."

Amy pursed her lips.

Although the innkeeper's way of speaking, appearance, and gender were different, for some reason I thought that he resembled Shirone's usual appearance.

"Okay, let's go first."

Armin had a serious expression on his face.

I left the inn, but I couldn't dare to go outside the eaves. The floor was filled with water like a flood.

Feeling the cold again, Amy shivered.

"If this happens, the whole world will be submerged."

Armin shook his head.

"No, the world will disappear before then."

Amy turned her head and looked at the scenery of the inn.

The warmth blocked by a window made her even colder, but seeing people resting comfortably warmed her heart.

When Shirone dies, they all disappear.

Even though they are not human, I hoped that they would live in this world for a long time.

"First of all, the keyword Shirone was injected, so the incarnation of Shirone will rise to the surface. Divers call this process a net."

"okay."

"But that's why it's a problem. I'm running out of time, so I'll explain as I go. The higher the water, the harder it will be to move."

Armin ran through the heavy rain, where he could not see an inch ahead. Amy asked, catching up with him.

"Where are you going? I don't even know where Shirone is."

"first... ... You will have to buy weapons. Maybe."

Armin stopped in front of the two-story building and looked up. I saw a signboard with an ax and a sword crossed.

The three of them sheltered from the rain on the cornice of the arms store again. This time the eaves were narrow and had to cling to the wall.

Armin asked, looking back at the two women standing next to each other.

"Is there anything you can handle?"

Rayna spoke first.

"I learned a little swordsmanship when I was young... ... ."

"I am a wizard."

Arius smiled when Amy said something embarrassing. It seems that he was ashamed to say that he was a wizard because he had been criticized a little while ago.

"okay. I wish I had something useful."

As Armin tried to enter the weapons shop, Amy stopped him.

"Hey, but how did you get the money?"

Even if you have good weapons, you can't live without money. Besides, the money paid at the inn was not real money.

Armin had just entered Shirone's consciousness, so he thought maybe he could get the money too.

"Ah, that was withdrawn."

"Withdrawal? Where?"

Armin pointed to the sky.

"Shirone, of course. This is Syrone's ritual, so you can create anything you want. Imagine in your heart that you need money. Then, money will come in as much as the trust Shirone feels for you. Let's see... ... ."

Armin rummaged through his pockets and pulled out a gold coin.

"There are currently 9 of them, so I got a total of 10 gold. Of course, if this is also gold, haha."

Seeing the jagged gold coin in Armin's palm, the two women thought to themselves that they needed money.

After rummaging through her pockets, Reina said with a blush.

"what? Really. 7 pieces, 7 gold."

Amy looked up in amazement.

I had never heard of a person named Armin while I had known Shirone so far, so I thought Reina would receive at least 10 more gold coins.

However, the result was unexpected and Armin won.

Could it be that, in fact, Shirone underestimated Reina? No, she meant that she trusted Armin as much as she did.

'Who the hell is this? What kind of connection did he have with Shirone?'

In any case, Amy also had a little bit of anticipation. It was an object that could not be used in reality anyway, but in the spiritual world, this was the only currency.

Hmm, Armin-san has 10, Reina-unnie has 7. Then would you like me to give you about 20?'

Amy stuck out her tongue and rummaged in her pockets. Then she changed her hand again and looked at her pocket opposite her.

Gradually, her expression deteriorated.

"what?"

Reina tilted her head and asked.

"what's the matter?"

"No, wait."

Amy hurriedly searched all the pockets of her clothes. But no matter how she looked, she wasn't withdrawing.

Amy, blushing, said in disbelief.

"There are no gold coins in it?"

Armin nodded as if he understood why.

"Hmm, that's right. If Shirone refuses to withdraw, that may be enough."

Amy was shocked.

The number of gold coins was said to be an indicator of how much Shirone trusted that person. But how could he not receive one himself?

"Oh no, I'll try again."

Armin said as if it was no use.

"Even if I try, it is useless. We don't have time, so let's get something with the money we have."

Withdrawal of gold coins is a very easy task. If gold did not come out once, it was the same no matter how many times he tried.

Reina comforted Amy and led her to the arms shop.

"Okay, Amy, let's do that. 16 gold should be enough."

Amy shook Reina's arm and stopped in her seat, shouting.

"It can't be!"

Tears welled up in Amy's eyes.

The 7 gold Reina received is Shirone's heart for her. She said that she did not want to buy her own weapon. If she must buy her something, it must be the money Shirone gave her.

Armin fully understood that feeling, and that is why robbery is prohibited worldwide.

When you know a person's inner side nakedly, you can't help but feel that everything you originally knew is a lie.

In fact, even though it is natural human nature.

"Amy, there is no need to feel betrayed. Shirone is desperately holding on. If any emotional turmoil arises, it may. Maybe you conveyed something bad to him before you came here... ... ."

Amy shook her head wildly.

"No, it can't be. I am... ... ."

Amy stopped talking.

Honestly how would you know? Even if you know everything about Shirone, you can't understand his inner thoughts.

Maybe it was because I couldn't properly respond to Xenoger's attack. He hoped to melt the spider's web with Ignit to save him, but he was disappointed that he couldn't cope properly.

Arius sighed. It was something everyone had to go through in Shirone's consciousness anyway, and it wasn't a problem with a specific answer.

"Let's go in. We cannot delay any longer."

As Armin resolutely cut off his pulse, Amy followed suit. Seeing her downcast, Reina felt sorry for her, but no consolation was possible in this situation.

"welcome."

The store owner closed the newspaper and said hello.

Amy raised her head slightly, then opened her eyes wide. She looked a little older, but she was definitely Nade.

"Nade? How are you?"

"yes? do you know me Am I seeing you for the first time?"

Amy looked back at Armin with eyes demanding an explanation. Armin also had an old acquaintance with Nade. He was one of Shirone's friends who hid in his house the other day.

"This is Shirone's projectile. It's a combination of the weapon shop thing and the nade thing. Perhaps a boy named Nade is interested in this."

said Rayna.

"Sometimes it happens even in my dreams. I thought he was a villain and fought, but when I woke up from my dream, he was actually a family member who had a quarrel last night."

"Yes. It is a natural mental function. And the fact that there are complex projectiles means that more impressive concepts exist here than anywhere else. Shall we go back for a moment?"

Nade frowned as he stared at Amy.

"I really don't know. Aren't you looking at the wrong person?"

"Ah, I guess so. The people I know are much younger. sorry."

"ha ha ha! Wherever I go, I often hear that I have a baby face."

Amy pretended not to know, so as not to provoke Shirone's mind with useless words. This is because human consciousness is so complex that the butterfly effect immediately occurs when even a small part is touched.

=======================================
[295] 6. The Great Secret (4)





Amy, who was hurt by Shirone's failure to give her gold coins, said in a slightly better mood when she suddenly saw her friend from school.

"I want to see some weapons. Is it okay if I look around?"

Nade recommended shopping with a good-natured smile.

"Yeah, what. Have a look at this and that. Anyway, it's going well even in this weather. I was in a bad mood, so I was going to close early. It's raining, so I'm suddenly depressed."

Amy put her hands behind her back and looked at the weapons.

Basic equipment was already available. Most fortunate of all, there was no wizard equipment.

If there were magic items, it was ridiculous to insist on not buying them with other people's money, so I felt comfortable.

Looking around the shelves, Amy found a weapon hanging on the wall in a glass case.

"yes? This?"

A piece of paper under the case read "First Thunderstrike".

Nade said with a smile.

"Ah, that's the pride of our store. It's a weapon that explodes with thunder when you swing it. Aren't you curious? I've tried it before and it's incredibly powerful. Any monster would be surprised and run away!"

I heard an anecdote about Shirone's childhood from Lian on the carriage departing for Galliant.

It was said that he succeeded in Thunderstruck at the age of 12, and that seemed to be such a precious memory.

Amy looked at the price tag. And she raised her eyes in bewilderment.

"5.9 billion gold?"

"ha ha ha! of course. It's the pride of our shop! That much has to be saved."

Armin came behind Amy's back.

"Perhaps this is something no one can buy in a normal way. I don't know how the economy of this world works, but even if I put all my money and Raina-san together, it's only 17 gold. It would be impossible for even my parents to withdraw the money of 5.9 billion."

Amy understood. However, she asked as she stroked her chin, as if she still had some lingering feelings.

"Hmm, what if a grave robber tries to steal this?"

"Perhaps it is possible. Since it is an object containing Shirone's intense thoughts, it will be convenient to transform it into an object. It's money, I'll collect it or steal it in an illegal way. But if I were a grave robber, I would not steal this."

"Because there is no particular need."

Armin nodded in agreement.

"Yes. Objects that break common sense are more valuable. Simply hearing thunder from an ax isn't unusual. It's just a matter of succeeding in Thunderstruck. Most of the 11th level is probably like this. Since this is the surface layer, there is no room for human desires to be revealed. Therefore, it is correct to interpret <First Thunderstruck> as a precious memory rather than a desire."

Amy understood the physiology of the object. And I realized what a bad person Arius was.

This world belongs to Shirone. No matter what others think, it is the most precious spirit to him. Arius, who was willing to kill to steal it, had to be arrested.

Armin walked to the window and looked outside.

"Anyway, as law-abiding citizens, we don't have to be greedy. If you're not going to dig it, it's just a dream thing anyway. You don't have to pick hard. Arm yourself only to the minimum self-defense."

Amy tilted her head and asked.

"For self-defense? Aren't you picking to face Zeon and Arius? To do that, even fully armed would not be enough."

Arius said without leaving the window.

"I will go out and explain it. Just choose."

Reina rested her chin and fell into thought.

The Ogent family revere the sword. Also, the weapon she was most confident in was the sword.

"By any chance, do you sell bows here?"

A smile spread across Armin's lips.

"A good choice."

Currently, it is so dark outside that the son-in-law cannot be distinguished. If so, ranged weapons are more useful than melee weapons. In particular, if it was her hearing, the hit rate of the bow would also increase.

Reina took the bow Nade had picked out and examined it. Her tension was great, and the curve of her bow did not twist.

When learning martial arts, I learned that a bow is a weapon that can create variables. He also went hunting often like a shaman family, so his basic skills were solid.

"I like it. please give me this I'll buy a quiver and arrows."

"great. I'll give you a good quality one. wait."

Rayna turned to Amy and asked as Nade looked in the storage room behind the counter.

"There are no magic weapons. Shall we go somewhere else?"

"it's okay. Tools aren't particularly important to wizards."

Amy summoned a jack-o'-lantern next to her face.

"And I also have the weapon Shirone bought me."

Amy regretted the words as soon as she uttered them. Even if she emphasized that you had bought it for her, it only made her more miserable.

However, since the water had already been spilled, I turned around unaware.

Armin leaned against the window and crossed his arms.

'Jack O'Lantern. That's an ancient magic. I got something that is quite hard to find.'

Because Armin had been to heaven on a certain mission, he knew the approximate market price of the community.

Ancient magic can be obtained with an elixir, and if it is a jack-o-lantern, you must give it a white elixir.

Shirone and Amy must have a very close relationship.

However, the withdrawal does not work. Moreover, the last remark that reveals the regret to Shirone.

'Hmm, it must have been like that.'

maybe even dangerous No, in the spiritual world, this was the biggest obstacle.

'It's better to say something in advance.'

As Armin made his decision, Nade brought two 20-piece quivers. When he asked how much it was all done, he said 4 gold.

Amy walked up to Armin and whispered.

"Isn't that too expensive? A set of bows is worth half of Armin's trust."

"It is expensive. But it will be of the highest quality. Maybe other abilities have been added. Because the 'lord of this world' is not the type to cheat on others. Of course, the boy named Nade could be a person who usually cheats, but judging from the fact that he entrusted <First Thunder Melee>, he seems to be a friendly projectile."

The reason Armin referred to Shirone as 'the master of this world' was because Nade was listening.

Having experienced how sensitive keywords are to projectiles at the inn, Amy immediately understood and nodded.

"Yes. Nade is not a child who will pass on low-quality goods."

Raina paid 4 gold. Anyway, when I met the owner of this world, I didn't need money.

Reina carried one quiver on her back and stuffed the other on her thigh. She then finished her preparations by putting three arrows between her fingers and then resting them on the back of her bow.

Amy looked back at Armin as well, floating a Jack O'Lantern.

Although there were only two of them, their hearts were no different from the army ahead of the advance.

"Are you ready? From now on, I'm going to meet the 'master of this world'."

Rayna asked.

"But where do I find them?"

"You don't have to go far. After all, he is everywhere."

Armin looked up and saw where Nade was. Then Amy and Raina moved left and right to open the way.

"Do you know where Shirone is?"

Amy was startled.

It wasn't a big deal, but I didn't want to go through a situation where people's eyes were focused on me like at the inn.

As expected, Nade looked at Armin without even blinking. However, perhaps because he is a complex projectile, he was not as ignorant as the innkeeper.

"Why are you looking for Shirone?"

Armin's eyebrows went up. As expected, this weapon shop was the place where the impression was concentrated among Shirone's consciousness.

'Then I can't miss this opportunity.'

Armin raised the intensity of his keywords.

"Shirone will die soon. Before that, we want to help him."

Amy gulped and waited for Nade's reaction. How will Shirone's consciousness accept Armin's words?

Nade looked at Armin with an emotionless face. And she warned in a completely different voice than she had heard at first.

"scram. This is not your world."

Arius realized that he had contacted the incarnation of Shirone and pressed on.

"Is it a refusal? Shirone, think again. You should get our help. Please tell me where you are."

Abnormal signs arose in Ned's silent body. Her pupils disappeared and turned into a black cave, and her body began to turn black.

"Sheesh! Is it a failure?"

Armin hurriedly stepped back.

"What? What the hell is going on?"

"This is the beginning! Get out!"

Armin pushed the door open with his shoulder, and Reina followed with her bow loaded. Amy looked back one last time.

The Nade she knew disappeared and a black shadowy figure flew in quickly. As she left her store in amazement as if her heart would drop, the same things were flocking to her from all sides.

Amy immediately cast Shining Magic. As the light surged, the pouring raindrops were clearly visible.

Shadows stood behind the curtain of falling water.

It was human in shape, but had a long waist and long arms.

The most bizarre thing was the face. Like a whirlpool sucked into an abyss, a thin line of light swirled around in a spiral.

"Mr. Armin. what the hell is that... ... ."

"I am an egoist."

Amy turned her head slightly and asked again.

"Egoist?"

"Don't be fooled by the appearance. Their forms are ever-changing."

"Shhhhhh!"

When the Egoist attacked, Armin cast a flicker and escaped the encirclement. People rushed out of the building and immediately changed to pursue him.

Armin cast Flickr continuously. Then the shape disappeared, and only a flickering shock wave cut across space, revealing his trajectory.

In the meantime, Reina, who had finished preparing for battle, inserted three arrows into her fingers and fired them in an instant.

Egoist's body exploded and fell to the floor. It was definitely something that couldn't happen in real life.

When one individual was attacked, Egoist immediately sought countermeasures. When Reyna shot her arrows, they evaded her waist by twisting them into thin threads like hers. But this time Amy's fire strike set her head on fire.

Even while burning, Egoist continued to attack. Contrary to the expectation that he would be physically weak, his physical strength was considerable. Compared to monsters in reality, they seemed to be more than Tier 3.

Reina gradually got used to the bow. Ignoring the sound of the rain, she tracked the sound of her opponent and fired her predictive shot, and as if an arrow was bent, she landed on the Egoist.

"Shhhhhh!"

While the combination of Armin and Reina was active, Amy was dealing with an individual egoist in a separate place. It was the strongest individual among the group, and it was an Egoist whose Nade in the weapon shop had changed.

Nade's Egoist transformed into a form suitable for tactics and drove Amy away. Her arms stretched out into four and stabbed like awl, but she stretched her back like a mollusk and danced away from Fire Strike's rapid-fire cannon.

The number of Egoists flocking to this place increased even more, and shadows swayed everywhere. Armin's flicker magic was also useless once he left the battlefield, so he couldn't wait any longer.

Amy casts a fire wall to separate the enemy and allies. As she concentrated, her wall of fire soared twice as high as she burned the Egoist standing in line.

Nade's Egoist turned around and stopped attacking, staring at Amy. Amy recalled hearing Shirone's voice in the store, and she shouted.

"Shirone! it's me! Amy!"

Egoist didn't answer. But it was clear that he understood the words. His head gently tilted about 45 degrees.

=======================================
[296] 6. The Great Secret (5)





"We are here to rescue you! Where are you now?"

"Shoooooooo!"

Nade bent his four arms and shouted at the sky.

Then all the Egoists stopped moving.

Amy caught her breath and watched the situation. Her heart skipped a beat at the thought that her voice might have reached Shirone.

But what followed was disastrous. The egoists became elongated as if they were being sucked in by something, and then the rainwater gushed against them.

Then, drawing a parabola in the high sky, he began to be sucked into Ned's egoist.

The form of Egoist, which absorbed his comrades, began to change rapidly. It grew to more than three meters in size, and insect legs protruded from its shoulders, sides, and waist.

The tail puffed out like a bee's butt, and the face grotesquely stretched back and forth to look like a curved sausage. The face was cut open as if it had been cut with a knife, and saw-toothed teeth appeared, and a long tongue came out of the throat and swayed like a wave.

"Keeeeeeeeeee!"

Amy's face went pale. I couldn't believe that it was Shirone. The form created by all the egoists in the vicinity was terrifying.

As the monster stepped forward, the ground thumped. that can't be beat Even with such conviction, he held on to his confused spirit and took a fighting stance.

If you step back at only level 11, you won't be able to save Shirone. Even if it meant dying on the spot, he was determined to fight back.

"Okay, let's go!"

"Good job! Run now!"

As Armin passed by and said, Amy looked back at him with an absurd look on his face. However, he soon canceled his magic and ran. Rayna immediately followed.

The three of them ran with all their might. In the distance, Egoist's screams echoed through the sound of rain.

Armin took refuge in a dark alley and sat down with his back against the wall. Amy and Raina also sat across from each other, raised their heads and let out a rough breath. Raindrops hit my face like a shower.

Amy asked before she could catch her breath.

"What the hell is that? It's Shirone's consciousness, how could such a monster come out?"

"It is a selfish defense mechanism that humans have. It blends into the projectile. The stronger the projectile, the stronger the Egoist's power."

Amy remembered that Nade was the strongest.

"But is it okay to run away like this?"

"When the Egoist is attacked, the Egoist uses a nearby projectile to reveal itself. However, when it becomes terrifying like it is now, the nature of the egoist disappears, so we can't figure out our location. It's really strong, and there's no benefit to getting rid of it, so it's better to run away."

Rayna put her elbows on her knees and covered her face. No matter how much she ran, steam rose from her body.

"Whoa, is it because we failed to inject keywords?"

"It's not that we failed, it's that Shirone refused. There's a lot of boundaries. Of course, as the situation in reality is the situation, it has no choice but to do so."

Amy asked.

"Do I have to keep fighting those things from now on?"

"Right now, it's the only way. You have to keep injecting keywords until Syrone accepts. There is no way to get down to level 1 other than to be guided by Shirone."

"But anyway, those are also Shirone's rituals. Can I convince you?"

Arius shook his head coldly.

"Egoist is a self-defense mechanism that every human being has. Recognizes all targets except Shirone as enemies. Even us, who gained 7 gold and 10 gold trust the moment the keyword death was entered, are no exception. It's nothing to be sad about. The world recognizes me and others, but the egoist is only me, me, me. They have no concept of being a stranger."

Amy, who keenly felt Egoist's blind aggressiveness, shuddered.

"How are we going to fight? It is so strong."

"No, this is also weak. The closer to the depth, the stronger the egoist. This is why we must find the incarnation of Shirone in the surface layer. If you enter the realm of stage 1 instinct, Egoist takes over most of your consciousness to protect Shirone. In other words, it exerts power comparable to Shirone, the master of this world. That's why divers never dive too deep. Arius would have had a different opinion if Shirone hadn't weakened his unconscious."

Amy said with her eyes shining.

"Then isn't Arius and Zion in the same situation? They say that the lower you go, the stronger the Egoist, so you might die before you even arrive."

Armin shook his head.

"Nope. He'll probably take a detour without finding Shirone. A grave robber is an expert on the human mind. It may seem like a common world, but objects here have their own meaning. Arius will interpret the meaning and find his way down directly. Of course, there is a high probability of getting it from below the REM area, but by then, Shirone's unconsciousness will have collapsed considerably. Arius was aiming for that and jumped in."

said Rayna.

"Then, why don't we use Arius' method as well? Amy knows Shirone well, so maybe she can interpret things here."

"Hmm, the form of consciousness varies from person to person. There are terraces and squares. There is also an aisle type and a phased space. But usually the gateway to the lower floors is underground. It's consciously the most natural."

said Amy.

"Then shouldn't we find a cellar here too?"

Arius laughed.

It seemed that these women still did not realize what a terrifying place human consciousness was. Well, it's only 11 steps here.

"I was talking about a general theory. The human mind is so complex and delicate. Unless you're an expert, you'll have to search all the crypts in this world, and even if you do, you can't guarantee that it's the entrance to level 10. You can't get there faster than them anyway. But if we meet Shirone here, things might turn around. We have to keep injecting keywords."

Reina said with a tired expression.

"Egoist will find us every time, right?"

"There is only one way. That's why I told you not to come. It's funny to say this with help."

Amy had no regrets about it. It was just that it was embarrassing that Shirone attacked him.

"Sigh. I feel strange. To have to fight Shirone's spirit."

Armin glared at him coldly.

"Amy, calm down."

"Yes?"

"This is not the time to be sentimental. As you can see now, the minds of others are extremely dangerous places. It is where Arius and many of his peers, even the best divers, have lost their lives."

"I know. That's why I'm nervous."

"Really?"

Amy looked at Armin curiously. I am really nervous. No, he was even prepared to risk her life.

"Don't be mistaken. It's not that Shirone bothers us. We've entered Syrone's realm and are causing a mess. This is an extremely private space that Shirone does not want to show to anyone. Miss Amy came in there. Still, it is cowardly and despicable to be angry or disappointed with the reaction of this world."

"that's... ... ."

Amy was speechless.

As Armin said, he never thought about it from Shirone's point of view. If someone comes into your mind and examines everything... ... The thought alone was terrifying.

"We are not going to see Shirone. You will meet the incarnation of Shirone. Hwashin is completely different from the Shirone I knew on the outside. Amy Yang couldn't withdraw. So it's sad, but maybe it's natural for Hwashin. If Miss Amy sees the incarnation of Shirone, no matter what he does, he will definitely feel like he is not Shirone."

Rayna added.

"Even though it's actually the most accurate Shirone."

"Yes. The only thing humans can know about other people is their outward appearance. But incarnation is different. It's because all the emotions that make up human beings are all mixed. To be more precise, even the shameful and embarrassing parts that cannot be revealed to anyone are integrated. We are going to see it."

Amy thought for a moment, then took a deep breath and slapped her cheeks with her palms. Her face was red, but thanks to her, she came to her senses. As Armin said, she wasn't even ready for it, let alone nervous.

"OK. I will never judge."

Armin saw the cool light in Amy's eyes and only then revealed a satisfied smile. Without this level of determination, there was no ability to break away from the minds of others.

What if the heart of a man who confessed his love was actually just an animal desire? What if the person you thought was your best friend was actually full of jealousy and envy?

How many people in the world would not feel betrayed after knowing the truth?

Arius emphasized once again.

"Ataraxia will be at least level 3 deep. And it's a place where there are things you never want to show others."

"Yes. I won't be interested in anything. Because I also have an inner feeling that I want to hide. Sorry for being immature. I guess my emotions were shaken without my knowledge because I couldn't withdraw."

said Rayna.

"It's fine. Because I hadn't even thought of that. And I would have felt sad if I hadn't been able to withdraw."

Amy smiled bitterly.

"Shirone must be sad about me too. She got it wrong. No matter how much Geumgangtae's mental strength, he must be a human with the same emotions as everyone else."

Armin stared out of the alley, then slowly turned his head to look at Amy.

"now... ... What did you say?"

"Yes? Ah, Shirone has the same feelings... ... ."

"No, not that. Did you say Geumgangtae?"

Amy blinked in bewilderment, then spoke quickly when Armin's expression was more serious than expected.

"Yes. There is a famous monk at school called Ms. Etella, and he said that. If he can use ataraxia, he should enter the realm of Geumgangtae."

"Gee, idiot... ... !"

Armin hit his forehead with the palm of his hand.

Why couldn't I have thought of it?

No matter how much you engrave it in your instincts, ataraxia is too huge a concept for humans to contain.

Normally, the capacity was enough to destroy the mind.

But Shirone is making full use of it. Therefore, the teacher named Etella got it right.

"I'm sorry, Miss Amy. You've been pretending so far. I was such an idiot. I feel like punching myself in the head a few times."

"Yes? what am i... ... ."

Armin wrapped his arms around Amy's shoulders and gave her strength.

"You saved us. Follow me. I will go to Shirone."

Reina straightened her bow and stood up.

"Then are you fighting the Egoist?"

"Nope. We will also make a detour. Like Arius."

Armin was confident of success.

In this way, you can catch up with Arius. Above all, it was a method that Zeon and the others, who had to avoid Shirone, could not use even if they knew about it.

Armin took the two women out into the street. Egoist's fears had gone far, but they weren't seen nearby.

The place I arrived at was the outskirts of the main road, cutting through the ankle-deep rainwater. The carriage was standing, and the coachman was sitting in the driver's seat in the rain.

He was wearing a narrow-brimmed magician's hat, but for some reason, only his face was in shadow, so he couldn't see his face. He looked like a faceless man.

As Armin approached, the coachman didn't even look at him.

"There is no service today."

Armin took out all the remaining gold coins and showed them.

"I have a place I need to go to urgently. Please look at the circumstances."

It was an amount that exceeded Armin's reliability, so even the coachman wouldn't have firmly refused. As expected, his voice sank a bit. But he was still reluctant.

"On days like today, driving is difficult. It's raining too much. Where the hell are you going in this weather?"

Armin looked back at the two women waiting behind him and asked the driver.

"Let's go somewhere where it doesn't rain."

The coachman's head twisted in Armin's direction as if it had been electrocuted. The movement was so bizarre that the women who watched it swallowed their saliva. The driver, slowly facing the front, grabbed the reins and said.

"Let's get on, sir."





(end of volume 12)

=======================================