
[648] The way they live (1)





Leaving Creas City, Shirone and Lian tied their horses to a mountain trail and had a late lunch.

"it's good."

Unlike Amy's packed lunch, which was packed with rice balls, the lunch box Tess packed was close to combat rations, but it was a satisfying meal for both of them.

"By the way, where are you going now?"

It's a fairly late question, but since Lian intended to follow Shirone wherever he went, the destination was out of his interest.

What was better than when he was training as a knight was that Shirone used his brain, and as expected, the words came out smoothly.

"To be honest, it seems impossible to find Ra on my own."

Shirone unfolded the world map brought from the Ogent family.

There were 70 countries with the name of a nation once, and if you include the territory of a tribe or a heterogeneous tribe, it would not be enough to take a lifetime to travel around the world.

"Jin Seong-eum, did you say that she was from the royal family? It will be easier than us when it comes to navigation."

"yes. But it's not like we don't have a place to rub."

Although it was nothing compared to the imperial family, Shirone's connections between school and heaven were considerable.

"First of all, there is Mr. Miro. No, maybe Mr. Miro has already met Ra."

"But the important thing is that you don't know where Mr. Miro is, right? How about a person called Theraje? Anyway, if I go, I might be able to meet you."

If it was Kashan, it would not be inferior to Jincheon's information power.

"yes. Depending on the situation, you may need help. But it is too far away to do anything right now."

Lian looked at the map.

The world can be broadly classified into four lands.

It was the North Pole with the Ivory Tower, the continent where the kingdom was gathered, the East across the Atlantic Ocean, and the South across the equator under the East.

The largest territory was, of course, a continent, hugging the Atlantic and South Pacific in the form of a sigma ¢².

The continent is again divided into Northern Continent, Central Continent, Southern Continent, and the Middle East. Shirone's hometown, Tormia, is one of the 21 kingdoms in the Central Continent and is located on the South Pacific side.

"Since Kashan is in the northern continent... ... ."

The northern continent is the only territory of the Empire, and Kashan and Gustav share the border.

"Even if you keep going up from Basuka, you will have to pass through Yakma, Kazra, Ferris, Biden, and Jive kingdoms before you arrive."

It was a dizzying journey just thinking about it.

It was a test with no time limit, but given the skills of the competitors, it would take at least a year to find Ra and pass.

Shirone said.

"Looking for Ra right now is too vague. So, I think, first, I want to visit the magic school Ra graduated from."

"Aha."

When you go to the school, you can check the approximate personal information.

"But you don't know what school Ra graduated from?"

"That's why we're going to the capital. Someone knows for sure."

"who?"

"Scout Mr. Baikal."

Thinking that she could get help if she asked Fleur, Shirone robbed herself and got up.

"Let's go. I have to sleep in Kentra for the night and arrive in the capital by tomorrow."

Arriving in Kentra after riding for four hours, Shirone and Lian left the horse at the stable and entered the city.

Like a pastoral city, cowboys could be seen everywhere, and unlike Creas, where there were many old ladies, tomboy ladies were running around laughing.

'Sensei Shiina said she met Quan-san here.'

Now, recalling the dream-like work of heaven, the place he visited was the wizard guild.

"Silverling Guild."

After reading the signboard, Shirone turned to Lian and explained.

"I have an unofficial wizard license, so now I can use the guild too."

"But can we find information about Ra here?"

There was no possibility that a single guild knew of a person who could not be found in the ivory tower.

"Maybe it will be difficult. But there's nothing wrong with experiencing it. It looks like you can stay overnight, so let's sleep here for today."

Since it was winter, the sun set early and the weather was cold, so Lian followed Shirone's words without a muttering.

When I opened the door and entered, there was a cozy space with torches hanging everywhere.

At the table, wizards were reading books or playing chess, and some of them were already drunk and sleeping on their stomachs.

I saw the stairs going up to the second floor, and there was a counter on the way there.

"welcome. It is the haven of wizards, the Silverling Guild."

A woman sitting at the counter stood up and greeted the business.

"what?"

When the two younger than expected entered, the woman looked at them with interest.

"Are you two wizards?"

"Nope. I'm just a wizard. This is my friend."

Lian added.

"It's an inspection."

Checking the large sword hanging behind her back, she nodded.

"yes. I am Estera, the manager of the Silver Ring Guild. What can I help you with?"

"I was wondering if I could stay overnight."

"yes? Are you new to the guild?"

Shirone honestly nodded.

"Yes, this is the first time."

"no wonder. Accommodation is provided free of charge to guild members, so you cannot use it. Why don't you use this opportunity to join the Silver Ring Guild? If you're a wizard too, you'll have a lot of comfort."

Even if you have an unofficial license, you can make a living and collect information, so joining a guild was essential for an unofficial wizard.

"Hmm."

As can be seen from the anecdote of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, there is no world-famous wizard guild in a kingdom led by the Magic Association.

However, according to Shirone's investigation, the Silverling Guild was one of the three major national guilds representing Tormia along with War Wagon and Blood Rose.

It was not a bad proposal since each region opened a branch to handle various tasks, but there was no particular advantage to Shirone, who was planning to leave the kingdom of Tormia anyway.

"I have no intention of joining a guild yet."

"Huh, it looks burdensome. You do not have to worry. Joining and leaving the Silverling Guild is free."

The main goal of a guild is definitely power expansion, and as such, the war of nerves between guilds across the country is fierce.

The way to join and leave freely was also the Silverling Guild's business strategy to retain as many people as possible.

'It's free registration.'

It was nice that the accommodations could be used for free, but I was still cautious.

"I'll think about it a little longer."

The moment Shirone spoke, Lian's eyes changed.

It was because he felt fierce hostility from the wizards in the hall.

All of them must have belonged to the Silverling Guild, and they couldn't feel good about their guild being ignored by a boy who had just entered society.

Her heart was the same as Estera's, but as expected, she didn't change her expression like she was a resourceful person.

"Yeah, if you're comfortable with it, do it. The door to the Silverling Guild is always open."

In the end, we ended up staying somewhere else, but Shirone asked after coming to the guild.

"I heard that you can get various information from the guild."

Estera's business-minded eyes twinkled.

"Sure. It costs money, but that's it. What information are you looking for?"

Shirone looked at Lian once and asked.

"Do you have any information about a man named La Enemie?"

Other than that, there was nothing else to ask.

"La Enemy?"

Estera tilted her head, raised the corners of her mouth as if she had a good idea, and raised her index finger.

"It's 1 gold."

"yes?"

Shirone blinked his eyes as if it were absurd.

"I just asked, do you have any information about a guy named La Enemy? You have to pay 1 gold to hear the answer."

"Are you paying to know if there is information or not?"

It was out of common sense, but this was the physiology of the guild.

"All information from the guild turns into money. Guild members might not know, but outsiders don't know anything for free."

Laughter was heard in the hall.

"You little kids who don't know the world. If you want a free one, go ask your mom."

Lian just crossed his arms and closed one eye gently.

'What do you want to do, Shirone?'

The philosophy that the sword does not judge was effective here as well.

'Well, so the current possession is 300 gold.'

It is a large amount at face value, but it is not so if you consider the journey ahead.

Above all, there was no way to know if even this type of question was actually asking for money, or if it was Estera's cunning revenge for having hesitated to sign up.

"I'll pay you 1 gold."

So Shirone paid the money.

If you don't make it clear when you have a chance, you'll make mistakes when you really need to.

It was surprising to Estera that she was willing to give the amount of 1 gold, but there was no hesitation in collecting the gold coins that came up with a thud.

"Now tell me. Do you have any information about La Enemy?"

Estera, who tingled and flipped a coin, gave a short answer.

"there is."

"Is there?"

Shirone's eyes opened in bewilderment.

"Are you really there?"

"You should know what happens if you cheat on this floor, right? wait at the table I'll pack it up and go."

Shirone, who had been staring blankly at Estera as she entered the archives room, finally looked around the hall.

Unlike the people of the Association, the tough-looking wizards were looking this way.

A wizard with an eyepatch on one eye, a wizard without a right arm at all, and a wizard with burns on their faces.

As Shirone and Lian sat down at the table, the guild member serving poured them tea.

Even as she sipped the refreshing tea, Shirone did not understand.

Does it make sense that there is information about La Enemy in wizard guilds in the provinces, not even in the capital?

"Hey, kid."

The one-of-a-kind wizard called.

"Are you a magic school graduate?"

"Yes, by the way."

"Kuk-kuk. I knew it. it's written on your face What can you get from such an insignificant guild? But, this floor is not as easy as you think. If you're a graduate of a magic school, you're considered an aristocrat, but if you stay with that attitude, you won't be able to accomplish anything."

Shirone listened silently.

Indeed, if there was information about La Enemy here, they were mistaken enough to completely revise their existing strategy.

After waiting for about an hour while receiving contempt from the wizards, Estera called them to the counter.

"Did you find the information?"

Estera took out twenty-seven cards with the silver ring guild mark on the back.

"This is an information card. Marks are different, but most guilds trade information with this."

Information loses its value the moment it is confirmed, so a special form was needed for monetary transactions.

"All this card is La Enemy's information?"

It was a much larger number than expected.

"yes. I brought all the information that included the keyword La Enemy at least once. 100 percent accurate."

"how much is it?"

When I asked without hesitation, Estera raised the corner of her mouth.

"Two gold each."

To buy all twenty-seven cards, you had to pay a whopping 54 gold.

"Isn't that too expensive?"

"No, rather lucky. Because all 27 pieces of information are 'pure'."

Estera explained.

"All of the information here was purchased with money from someone. And when you say a keyword like you do, you sell the information it contains."

Certainly, in this way, intangible information could be traded as if it were a commodity in a store.

"You can think of the 1 gold you paid as a keyword value. And pure state means information that no one has seen yet."

It was reasonable to set the value based on the number of readings because each person values ??the same information differently.

"But how do you believe that?"

"Of course there is no way to prove it. So the difference in amount is not that big. Information that has never been read is 2 gold. Information viewed even once is worth 1 gold and 50 silver. Information that has no security value because it is read too much is sold for 1 gold."

Shirone, lost in thought for a moment, placed 2 gold.

"Then I'll just buy one."

"great. What would you like?"

"The very last chapter."

Chances are you've already read the information as you transcribe it onto the card, so you've put what you think is most important last.

"Good judgment. Be careful not to show it to others."

Shirone, who quickly snatched the card, still couldn't take her eyes off her even after checking the front side.

'This is such a world... ... .'

Below the informant's name was a single line of text.



-La Enemy is 'supposed' to be male.

=======================================
[649] The way they live (2)





"La Enemy... ... ."

Lian, who raised her voice in absurdity, swallowed her words.

Even the mediocre information was paid for, and the fact that Shirone had a meaningful smile also played a part.

'But what about this... ... .'

Of course, it is quite possible that Ra was reincarnated as a woman.

Even so, it was not a major issue for Shirone, and if a man is a man, what is 'presumption'?

'There's no one who feeds you like a school.'

Shirone felt the same disappointment, but since he learned the physiology of this world, the 3 gold was not too wasteful.

'Obviously, Ra's gender may be important to some people. Therefore, it is difficult to see that this reduces the quality of information. but... ... .'

As expected, what bothered me was the word estimate.

"Please explain."

Estera was quite surprised when Shirone's eyes suddenly turned sharp.

'Was this his personality?'

Most of the magic school graduates looking for a guild were cases where they abandoned their hopes of becoming public figures and jumped into livelihood activities.

Particularly, if it is a kid who has just graduated, it is part of the job to put a dump at the discretion of the manager.

This is because the rookie has to make the most of the profit even if he loses money in dealing with the veteran.

'What about this? Just tell me?'

As usual, asking for an explanation would be the correct answer, but looking at Shirone's eyes, it felt like his sixth sense, which had dealt with many wizards, was sending a warning.

'Let's watch a little longer.'

Estera explained, deciding to follow her sixth sense.

"Information traders classify information into four levels. Check, guess, doubt, rumor. Of course, even in this case, verification is difficult, but only for the confirmation level, evidence or documents must be attached."

"Then what is the estimated grade?"

"It's like a confirmation level, except you don't have to attach anything. So, unless you are a magician who handles information professionally, most of them tend to sell information at an estimated grade."

Because wizards traveled to various regions, the amount of information they saw and heard was far superior to that of ordinary people.

Therefore, after completing the request and returning to the guild, it was a structure to raise additional income by selling the information obtained during the trip.

'Information from all over the world is gathered. Then the number of people using the guild will increase, so it's not a loss for the guild.'

Lian asked.

"But how can I believe it if there is no accompanying material? In this case, there is nothing but trust."

"That's the buyer's responsibility. In any case, information is only an auxiliary means to accomplish the mission. That's why other wizards don't ask for information beyond the estimated level unless absolutely necessary. The only thing I can say is that at the level of national guilds, information is not traded carelessly. Under the card was the informant's name?"

Shirone recalled the name Marka Inter engraved on the card.

"Anyone can buy, but only guild members with clear identities can sell. If in doubt, going directly to the informant would be a good idea. Emphasize that guilds are not government agencies. It's good to know that in any guild, work must be done based on trust."

"What if the informant is fraudulent?"

"Guild membership will be revoked. All guilds connected to its own network will be contacted."

Estera, aware of Shirone's concerns, added.

"Of course, it cannot be said that there is no betrayal, but there is no end to looking at the bad side. Most of them work based on trust, so the guild can survive."

If they didn't take their share and leave this floor, there was no way they would destroy the guild system, their means of livelihood.

Shirone nodded and asked.

"How much did the owner of this card sell the information for?"

"Fifty silver."

The guild earned a whopping 1 gold and 50 silver, but it was a reasonable level because the wizard Inter would have sold various information.

Honestly, if there was no system called guild, who would buy this kind of information for 50 silver?

"In the end, there was no information about the confirmation level."

Estera smiled shyly.

"right. There was no information about the confirmation rating with keywords. As I said before, it is the domain of experts. The verification is thorough, and the price is quite expensive."

Lian grumbled.

"Then shouldn't I have told you from the beginning?"

"Huh, thanks to you, you learned a lot, didn't you? Think of it as tuition."

"Sometimes what about trust... ... ."

Shirone interrupted Lian.

"I'll buy everything."

Estera, doubting her ears, asked back.

"yes? what?"

"You buy all the information cards here. There are twenty-six cards left, so you can pay 52 gold, right?"

The moment Shirone placed 5 Intermediate Gold Coins and 2 Lesser Gold Coins on the table, Estera realized the identity of her sixth sense.

'this child... ... .'

Fairly fast.

The fact that it was the first time in a guild was enough to know from the actions so far.

Still, buying all the information cards was a decision that defied all the many mistakes newbies would make in the future.

'Certainly, veterans would have made the same judgment.'

Estera, whose pretense had disappeared, held out her card.

"... ... take it."

Shirone, who put all twenty-six cards into her bosom, turned to Estera again and asked.

"And I want to join a guild."

This too was the right decision.

'He changes his posture really fast compared to his age.'

If it was only 10 minutes ago that he was being criticized by the wizards, he had a tendency to thoroughly exclude emotions in the performance of missions.

Although his skills were unknown, it could be said that the future was quite bright for him to work as a wizard.

"great. Now, to be honest, joining a guild will make you feel really comfortable. The fees are much cheaper, and above all, B-level or higher requests are only provided to guild members."

What Shirone was thinking was also there.

"Yes. So I want to do some work too."

If you buy information with money, you can sell it on the contrary.

In particular, the Silverling Guild was free to join and leave, so it was intended to make up for the cost on the way to the capital.

"Hmm, do you have something specific you want? There are many fields such as combat, negotiation, training, navigation, and transportation."

"It would be nice to carry. I am going to the capital."

"Aha, there is one thing that is just right. Also count the unit price. Can I check your mage's license first?"

Shirone took out an unofficial license.

"Here you go."

When I put it on the table, Estera picked it up and examined it.

"what? Alpheas Magic School? This is the 5th most prestigious."

It was rare for a person from a prestigious school to join a guild, so I was more interested in it.

"The name... ... ."

Estera's face stiffened after confirming the statement.

At first I thought it was a misread, but no matter how much I checked, it was the name she knew.

"Arian Shirone! Are you a Shirone?"

Finally, as her thoughts and memories coincided, Estera's eyes widened as if they were going to pop out.

They, who had long since jumped into the livelihood, couldn't be interested in a single student's name, but Ariane Shirone was special.

Wasn't he literally the student who set the best record in the kingdom's history, and now he's a candidate for the Ivory Tower?

Lian showed a smile on his face.

"Whoa, did you get caught in the end? Yes, this is my lord Arian Shirone. And I'm Mach's... ... ."

"what! It's Aryan Shirone!"

The wizards in the hall jumped up.

Even if they were candidates, they knew that only those with skills equivalent to that of a country's great wizard could receive the title of star.

When I thought that, I felt that Shirone, who had looked like a young child with no down on her hair, seemed big enough to pierce the ceiling.

Estera gulped and looked at her license.

'This is real. It's not forgery.'

Once it became known that Arian Shirone had joined the Silverling Guild, it was not a matter of overtaking the other three major guilds.

'What do we do? I have to catch it. Oh really! The Master must go out at a time like this.'

There was no way Estera didn't know what she was thinking, so Shirone demanded confirmation once again.

"Joining and leaving are free, right?"

"Well, of course."

He smiled and said, but his heart was different.

'But not you.'

Of course, it's not a level that you can hold on to if you want to hold onto it.

Also, if you were undergoing the Ivory Tower test, there would be no reason to join a guild within the kingdom.

'But that's why there's no reason to leave, right?'

After organizing her thoughts, Estera handed over the key.

"Once you have decided to join, you will have to provide lodging. Take this and go to room 3 on the 4th floor."

"Yes. But don't you have to fill out paperwork or something?"

"Ho-ho-ho! You don't have to wait, do you? I'll go to my room later and take care of it. That's right, here's the license."

The quality of service jumped up as much as there was a trick, but Shirone didn't have an aftertaste anyway.

"Yes. Then let me ask you a favor."

As Shirone climbed the stairs, magicians rushed to the counter without saying anything first.

"Estera! Can you give me a copy of your guild member license? No, sell it to me! How much is it?"

If you sell the information at a confirmation level with proof documents attached, you should be able to get more than 100 gold.

Estera sighed and said.

"Wake up the dream. From now on, this information is exclusive to the Kentra branch of the Silverling Guild. Go and have a drink."

The magicians licked their lips and turned around, but they walked to the exit, not the hall.

Given the location of the ivory tower candidates, wouldn't the information of the estimated class be of considerable value?

That was the guild's trust, and based on that trust, Shirone's position quickly spread throughout the kingdom.



* * *



Room 3 on the 4th floor, where Shirone entered, was a large room with seven beds.

"I don't need to do this."

Even a child knows that waste is a fact, but it was excellent in that it showed the will of the Silverling Guild.

"Anyway, that's fine. Because it's free."

After Lian said that and lay down, Shirone, sitting on the bed across from her, took out the information she had purchased from the guild and read it.

"Right, I bought a card. how is it? Do you have any useful information?"

As Shirone read the cards and put them down, Lian came over to the bed and checked them one by one.

"Let's see, La Enemy is presumed to be a wizard... ... . What are you talking about?"

Of course, this could be important information to some, but Lian was only wasting 2 gold.

There was also some noteworthy information.

"Estimated to have graduated from the magic school of Kazura Kingdom. Suspected height between 175 and 180 cm. Rumor has it that he met a person from the ivory tower. what?"

After reading the next card, Lian frowned.

"Rumors that La Enemy is deaf?"

Then he shredded the card on the blanket.

"Can I sell you this nonsense?"

"By the way, other cards have similar information."

Shirone selected a few cards and showed them.

"Rumor has it that La Enemy is blind. He is suspected of having a rare disease. Rumors of being dumb. They are all different informants, even from what you saw."

"It sure is strange. But some information must be false. Being a wizard is a presumptive grade."

"It's hard for me to believe easily, but it's also ambiguous to ignore. If it was fraudulent, wouldn't it be possible to be expelled from the guild, and in the worst case, retaliation?"

In that sense, even the informant was willing to risk his life.

"But how about this? Rumor-level information was trash from the start. Then there will be no retaliation. Besides, isn't it okay to talk about rumors as they come out?"

Lian's words were right.

"is it? The confirmation level requires evidence, and the presumption is probably about seeing the evidence."

"Then what about your doubts?"

"Isn't it trustworthy enough to listen to the person in charge? If you put it that way, rumors are what someone heard."

"... ... Really not worth it."

"But putting all of this together, I have discovered one important fact."

Shirone pointed to the name Ra Enemy written on the card.

"First of all, there is too much information. Especially since Kazura has closed the border right now."

Shirone's paternity scandal was the cause.

"what? Come to think of it, how did information about Kazura get to Tormia?"

"That's the point. Guild members from other countries are also getting enough information about the estimated grade. Therefore, it is not that the Ivory Tower does not know where Ra is."

Shirone's thoughts were close to certainty.

"You know, but you can't find it."

The existence hidden in that strange contradiction.

"Even knowing... ... Can't find it?"

That was La Enemy.

=======================================
[650] The way they live (3)





Lian didn't understand Shirone's words, but that was exactly what Shirone wanted to convey.

"It was good to come to the guild. I think it was too easy."

"Heh, even with La Enemy, the guild wouldn't agree. Of course, I approve of you, but if I just hear your name and tremble, I don't care."

Lian confessed the dissatisfaction he felt on the first floor.

"Information cards, too. They say no one read it, but who knows? When we leave tomorrow, we will sell it again for 2 gold."

"haha! In fact, a system of this size is not easily fooled. Because we doubt everyone else."

"Hmm, but it's a loss to lose 50 silver just because you read it once. What are you going to do when you buy a few hundred copies?"

"I will still buy it."

Shirone held the information card in her hand.

"People usually take long periods of time vaguely. For example, if you have to do something for a year. However, if you look closely, even a year is made up of 1 second."

"It doesn't."

"If we assume that it takes 1 year and 30 minutes to find La Enemy, what if someone takes 1 year and 29 minutes?"

Lian blinked.

"It's too distant a future, so I can't accept it sensibly, but this kind of situation can happen. Also, what is actually happening at this moment is our world."

Shirone put up a card.

"One minute difference. Winning or losing depends on whether or not you read the information even one day first. If a year's worth of hard work could be wasted in just one minute, it's not a loss to give an extra 50 silver."

That is the philosophy of those who live in this world.

No one suggests a way, and you have to do it yourself from one to ten.

'You're too young.'

I felt anew how competent people were by my side and how easy it was because they were there.

Shirone threw the card onto the bed.

"Of course rest is also important. You can't run for a year without eating or sleeping. You will have to make a lot of right decisions."

"I guess if you obsess over the little things, you might miss out on the really important things. That's why I bought all the information cards."

"yes. I don't know if anything will help us. I think wizards from other guilds probably made similar decisions."

Then Estera knocked.

"Shirone, are you in?"

"Yes, come in."

Waiting until the horse ran out, she came in with a guild application and a pen.

"I wrote down all the necessary forms. Just check and sign here."

Shirone looked at the terms and conditions.

Guild members were divided into Rookie, Senior, Veteran A, and Veteran B, and the fees as well as the benefits were varied.

"Hmm."

As Shirone was examining the rookie ranks, Estera, quick-witted, gave a further explanation.

"The guild will definitely promise you the best treatment. But even so, you can't raise the guild member's rank at will. This... ... For the guild members, it is like life."

The higher the grade, the easier it is to earn money, and of course it was a matter directly related to honor.

"it's okay. Because I thought it would."

To be honest, if he offered preferential treatment to raise his guild rank, his credibility would have fallen.

"Instead, the guild will pay for all the incidental costs for your request. If you're going to deposit in the guild, we can drastically raise the interest rate."

Shirone said honestly.

"Estera, actually, I don't intend to be active in the Silver Ring Guild for a long time."

"I know. All world famous wizards are like that. As long as you don't withdraw, the terms of the contract we proposed will last for 5 years. If it's a guild from another country, you can join multiple guilds."

What Estera wanted was a document to prove that Arian Shirone had joined the Silverling Guild.

That alone would give them an edge over the Kingdom's three major guilds, War Wagon and Blood Rose.

Shirone was thinking the same thing, so I didn't feel particularly burdened.

'Because the guild is definitely comfortable in my own country.'

Shirone, who took over the pen, asked.

"Still, are you free to leave?"

"Sure. I am a wizard too. Not that stupid."

Of course, even if the chances of capturing Shirone were slim, he had no intention of giving up.

'Since I've done everything a manager can do.'

The real match came after Shirone arrived at Basuka, where the headquarters of the Silver Ring Guild was located.

"Oh, and about the request."

Estera took out the letter from her bosom.

"Guild activities aren't the goal anyway, are they? Then this would be the easiest. The rewards are high, too."

"Should I deliver the letter?"

"yes. You just have to go to the address written on it and hand it over to Brooks. There is a certificate enclosed inside, so get that person's signature and go to the Silverling Guild in the capital. Then it will give you 87 gold. Of course, the amount minus the commission."

"87 gold? It gives a lot."

It was only for the price of delivering the letter.

"Because the request fee is not necessarily determined by the degree of risk. There are cases where the request fee is higher for a noble to find a lost cat than to fight for his or her life."

"okay."

"Of course, I do not entrust this kind of request to just anyone. I want you to think of it as a sign of showing the trust of the guild."

"Can I open it?"

I have no interest in reading other people's letters, but since they weren't sealed, words could come out later.

"doesn't care. Because the client didn't ask for it on purpose."

"Because you are more suspicious?"

It was human nature to want to dig up the more tightly hidden.

"Depending on what was going on. You may not really have any thoughts. But this time your guess will be correct. The letter is written in code. It's a personal password, so I can't read it either."

"It's a password."

No matter how comfortable the request was, the risk of 87 gold seemed to exist.

"I know. I'll tell you when I get to the capital."

Estera asked as she got up from her seat.

"What time are you leaving? We'll have a wagon waiting for you."

"Yes? Until then... ... ."

As far as Shirone knew, even the lowest tier wagon rental cost more than 10 gold per day.

"It's fine. As I said earlier, all unit costs are paid by the guild."

If it was the value of Shirone's name, it would be more than enough to pay for it, but the calculation to naturally lead it to the head office of the Silver Ring Guild was greater than that.

Since she joined the guild in order to make the trip as efficient as possible, Shirone didn't care about trivial matters.

"We'll be leaving as soon as the sun rises tomorrow."

"great. Then I will know that and prepare. Come see me anytime if you need anything."

When Estera left, Shirone and Lian looked back at each other and shrugged.

Definitely everything was comfortable.



* * *



The two got up before sunrise, washed their bodies, and went down to the first floor.

The guild members had yet to go to work, and a small wagon was waiting in the empty lot outside the back door.

Estera approached accompanied by a man in his 50s with deep wrinkles on his forehead.

"Let me introduce you. Guild member Austin, who will guide you to the capital this time. He is 53 years old. His major is fire-related. Guild rank is Veteran A."

"hello. This is Shirone."

"It's Austin. Please take good care of me."

His skinny body and strong impression spoke of a stubborn life.

"I'll be leaving right away, so get in the carriage."

As Shirone and Lian entered the carriage, Austin glared at Estera with his eyes wide open.

"What are you doing now? Ask me to be the coachman of the rookie who joined yesterday?"

"You're not just a rookie."

Austin knew who Shirone was, but the pride he had built up over 30 years as a wizard was not so easily broken.

"Anyway, why me? There are others."

"Oh, why would someone who knows do that? I'm not asking the coachman to do it, but to take Shirone to the main store. Then the guild expands, isn't it good for Austin? I will pay you well."

"Do you think I'm getting older and attached to the silver ring because of money? Even the Archmage can't tell me what to do with my life."

When she didn't break her stubbornness, Estera let out a sigh.

"Austin, have you ever seen the Archmage?"

"No."

"Yes. I've never seen one either. So... ... ."

Estera said while biting her molars.

"Can we both just shut up and just do it? I'm bleeding right now too!"

He had no intention of treating someone who had been in the guild for 30 years harshly, but it was a different story with Shirone.

It means to leave if you don't want to.

Austin bit his lip at the unexpected contempt, but eventually turned around with a sad expression.

"... ... OK."

There was no way that Veteran A was unaware that money was everything.

"sorry. I couldn't sleep, and I must have become nervous because I was preparing."

Estera wasn't comfortable either, but work was work.

"I know you are struggling. The manager doesn't do anything."

You have to work to eat and live.

Austin, who got into the driver's seat, fixed the saddle and opened the passenger compartment window.

"Then we will depart. I'll take the fastest route, so rest in peace."

"thank you."

Shirone wasn't careless, but anything he said would only touch Austin's insides, so it was good to take a break.

After leaving the city of Kentra, March passed through the wide plains of Sadia, the hometown of Nade, and entered the edge of the Underground Mountains.

This meant that there were three hours left to the capital.

"yes?"

For the first time, an expression appeared on Austin's face as he drove the carriage without stopping.

"what?"

A woman, staggering as if injured, was walking straight towards the carriage.

Austin, who had gone through all of the prenatal battles, spoke at a distance.

'It's quite far from the city, but why do people... ... .'

"Help me! Help me!"

A woman who found the wagon came running, holding on to her torn clothes with one hand.

"Stop!"

A ball of fire rose from Austin's hand.

Still, when the woman did not stop, she threw a spark at the halfway point.

"Kyaaak!"

Austin shouted, this time with both hands equipped with fireballs.

"Don't be fooled! My fire magic has no mercy!"

Shirone and Lian opened the doors on both sides of the carriage and got out.

"What happen?"

"Come in. It's a minor matter."

It wasn't a trivial problem from Shirone's point of view.

"Do you think you are hurt?"

"I was hurt. But we are not hurt."

Shirone knew what the veteran's words meant, so instead of approaching him, he made a hand trumpet and shouted.

"excuse me! What's going on?"

The woman who was sitting in front of the wall of fire shouted.

"I was kidnapped by bandits! Please help me!"

"Is there a gang of bandits?"

Then it wasn't safe here either.

"I'll go and see."

Lian approached the woman, with Austin taking cover with a fireball.

He was wearing a torn jacket, and there were many scratches from rolling down the mountain.

"What happened?"

The woman grabbed Lian's crotch and said.

"I just barely got out! We must get out of here quickly! They will come after me!"

Shirone asked Austin as Lian looked back at the carriage as if to let him decide.

"Can I burn it with you?"

"Because you are the one who rented the wagon. But I wouldn't recommend it."

"Are you saying that woman is lying?"

"Things like that happen, too. But doubts don't matter. I just want to tell you that if she doesn't care whether what she says is true or false, nothing will happen to her."

Maybe that's the belief from the guild.

"But if there really is a group of bandits, shouldn't we also avoid them?"

Austin had nothing to say about it.

"Lian!"

When Shirone gave a signal, Lian grabbed the woman's hand and stood her up.

"First, get in the carriage. Let's listen."

"thank you! Thank you very much!"

Shivering from the cold, the woman wept bitterly.

=======================================
[651] The way they live (4)





The woman's face, wearing cloth-like clothes, combined with the cold of winter, looked really bad.

"it's okay? Come in at once."

When Shirone suggested, the woman nodded obediently and moved on to the carriage.

"Hmm, anyway, the young ones... ... ."

Austin grumbled, putting out the fire in his hand.

There were scars here and there, but the woman was voluptuous and her face was quite beautiful.

It was enough to be a target for thieves, but the problem was that it was also good for fooling the eyes of young blood like Shirone and Lian.

"thank you. really... ... I was so scared."

As Shirone boarded the carriage, a woman came close to him, grabbed him by the arm, and shed tears.

"You would be surprised to know what happened to me. Thieves have me... ... ."

Shirone patted her back.

"You don't have to tell me. What I would like to ask is... ... ."

"Wait, Shirone."

said Lian outside the carriage.

"I hope this woman doesn't sit next to you. Of course, if you agree."

It's natural to help someone in crisis, but when it comes to protecting Shirone, he couldn't yield anything.

Realizing the cold attitudes of Austin and Lian, the woman grabbed the arm of Shirone, who was the only one who treated her kindly, even tighter.

"Sit across from me. After all, the wagon is wide."

"Ah yes."

When Shirone remembered Austin's words and said that, the woman moved toward the wall and sat down facing the two of them.

"Ouch!"

Even while gently untangling their clothes and caressing their sore skin, Shirone and Lian didn't even pretend to be embarrassed.

'Are these men? Isn't it normal for them to pretend they can't win if they push hard like this?'

If he had doubts, he wouldn't have let him get on the carriage from the beginning, so it was correct to say that he was wary.

'Well, even though he's young, he's a fairly strong wizard.'

It was only after the carriage started with the driver's side window open that Shirone asked what was going on.

The woman, who introduced herself as Marie, confessed that she was caught by bandits on her way to a trip with friends in the capital city.

"How many are there?"

"I do not know. But there will be more than 100 of them."

Austin jerked his head.

"what? 100 people?"

If the scale exceeded 100 units, it was a fairly powerful organization among bandits.

Above all, it was most likely that the unit had wizards.

"Where are they now?"

The woman pointed to the side of the wagon.

"If you don't know they ran away yet, they will be over the mountain. Because I rode straight down the mountain."

'I'll meet you on the way.'

Detours are the best course of action, but like a veteran, Austin was cautious.

"What are you going to do? If we want to avoid the bandits, we must decide now."

Shirone asked Marie.

"Maybe they don't know they ran away?"

"A lot of people were caught besides me. And my friends too... ... ."

Seeing Marie burst into tears, Shirone was lost in thought for a moment.

Will you avoid battle or save the hostages?

"Let's go like this. I need to rescue the captives first."

"Yes?"

Marie's eyes widened.

No matter how powerful a mage was, it didn't make sense to attack a unit of over 100 with only 3 people.

"We have to save Marie's friends as well. Do not worry. I'm not going to take Marie away."

"Oh, no. It's about saving friends... ... ."

The reason for Marie's surprise was something else, but she hurriedly changed her posture and revealed a conscientious appearance.

"Do not worry. I will definitely save my friends."

It occurred to me that it was you guys who should be worrying, not the friends who didn't exist, but there was no tension on Shirone's face.

'Are you really that strong? younger than me... ... .'

Marie stared at the profile of Shirone, who turned her head through the window.



* * *



On the ridge of the Underground Mountains, 89 members of the notorious Red Blade bandits were camped out in the capital.

"Why aren't you here? Are you doing it right?"

"Report!"

A messenger arrived on horseback.

"Arian Shirone's carriage is approaching the coalition!"

Cold Park, the leader of the Red Blade thieves, frowned.

"Sheesh, is that a joke?"

As the subject of this operation and the one who threw even his concubine as bait, he missed the opportunity to monopolize a large sum of money.

"Let's go back. join the coalition."

The fact that all of them were riding horses gave an idea of ??the scale of the Red Blade bandits.

While moving along the mountain road, Banker, a wizard and staff member, rode a horse next to Cold Park.

"The fact that we are going to the coalition means that we will fight. As rumored, it seems to be a powerful wizard."

No matter what decision Shirone made, whether he chose to fight or take a detour, the thieves controlled both roads.

The reason this was possible was that many thieves other than the Red Blade thieves participated in this operation.

However, they thought that if Marie scared Shirone's party and diverted the wagon to this place, there would be a chance to monopolize the loot, but it was canceled because Shirone chose to fight.

Vice-captain Alpha Corps approached the left side of Cold Park.

He was carrying a large double-edged ax behind his back, arms crossed and driving his horse with only his thigh muscles.

"I heard that you are an ivory tower candidate. Isn't it dangerous no matter how united we are?"

Even if it was one of the three major thieves of Tormia Kingdom, which consisted of masters of the schema, it was something that had to be prepared for annihilation.

"Even if you don't have to deal with a giant like this, sales are going well. Even my subordinates don't understand."

The pride of the red sword is second to none of the military, but if Alphasa himself was in doubt, the members didn't even have to ask.

"Banker, tell me why we have to fight."

At Cold Park's instruction, Banker took out a scroll that contained information collected from guilds in various places.

"Aryan Shirone. Confirmed as a graduate of Alpheas Magic School. Presumed to be in possession of an object called Armand. Rumor has it that he received it from the Kazura royal family. Based on market value, I doubt it will exceed at least 6 billion gold."

"6 billion gold... ... ."

The eyes of the members of Alpha Corps changed at once.

"You understand now? It's money we can't earn even if we're born again and steal. Rumor has it that even royalty likes the Ivory Tower, but it's the power of the organization anyway. What kind of thief is he if he can't cut off a finger when he's only 20 years old?"

After putting together various information, Shirone's Armand was suspected to be in Kubrick.

Cold Park shouted excitedly.

"You bastards who are obsessed with money, women, and pleasure! When did you steal while taking your life? Those who don't want to make a lot of money, get out now!"

Doo doo doo! Doo doo doo!

Among the sound of horses hooves on the ground, there was no sound of straying away from the road.

Coldpark, who stood at the top of the ridge, looked down at the troops at the bottom of the mountain, tearing his mouth.

"The Red Knife is the greatest war ever."

Earthworm Ear, Beast Cat, Spear and Death, Blood Lord.

Near Baska, 237 troops from four gangs of bandits were camped under the ridge.

"Let's go, boys! 6 billion gold awaits us!"



* * *



As the carriage neared the rendezvous point, Marie closed her eyes with a tired expression.

'I have to get it done here... ... .'

The reason for lightening the clothes was the beauty world, but there was also a strategy to make the opponent careless.

No sane man would go out to search a naked woman's body.

Once the sleeping gas was sprayed, the arrows equipped with magic bullets would destroy the wagon, and this was the reason Cold Park thought there was room for a monopoly on the object.

'How is it, seeing this for the first time?'

She had come this far in the world of beauty, so even with her eyes closed, she was clearly aware of the reactions of ordinary people.

'Huh, also... ... .'

As if surprised by the carriage's vibration, I opened my eyelids slightly, and Shirone was looking out the window with her chin resting just like the first time.

'A typical kiddie type. I appreciate your consideration, but if I miss this opportunity, I'll regret it until the day I die.'

Marie giggled inwardly and pretended to fall asleep again and turned her body to the other side.

'Let's start slowly... ... .'

At that time, when he checked Lian who was observing him without changing his expression, his heart sank.

'what? Is it a coincidence?'

Feeling the need to check, she made eye contact this time, but Lian's gaze didn't even move.

'I'm watching. damn.'

I wouldn't doubt it because it was a move that had been made through years of training and practice, but it was impossible to spray the gas in this way.

'There are no more chances. We have to fight here... ... .'

Marie, who took the most powerful pose, lifted her eyelids only slightly and looked ahead through her eyelashes.

This was also an advanced skill, but Lian still remained alert without changing a single expression.

'it's annoying. What the hell are these things?'

The world of beauty never fails.

Although it has the disadvantage that it can only be used on half of humanity, history has guaranteed that it has a success rate of close to 100%.

'I'm not even a woman, right?'

Her pride was hurt as much as she was proud of her skilled skills, but she really didn't have time anymore.

'The bombing will start soon.'

Beep. Beep.

As the birds chirped at the top of the mountain, Austin looked up at the sky, frowning.

'It's ominous.'

Sending a signal with a bird chirping flute is the bandits' traditional method, but the problem was that it was indistinguishable from the actual bird song.

'Next 10 seconds.'

Knowing the meaning of the signal in the sound of the flute, Marie counted the remaining time until the bombardment.

'Nine seconds. 8 seconds.'

"Mr. Marie."

Shirone, who had been looking out the window until now, turned her head for the first time and stared straight at Marie.

Shirone's face, which he checked through his eyelashes, was so cold that he couldn't believe he was the same person as before.

"What are you hiding?"

My fingertips twitched at Shirone's question.

'Breath. I need to control my breathing.'

Although he had reached the stage after a lot of practice, his heart could not be controlled in front of Shirone's confident eyes.

'damn! missed a beat I've already been caught.'

She closed her eyes, then suddenly turned and slipped out through the driver's window.

'Four seconds! 3 seconds!'

Even after seeing Marie throw herself out of the wagon, Austin looked up to the sky instead of being annoyed.

Archers using hang gliders were flying in from beyond the highlands of the mountains.

"A surprise! Blood quickly... ... !"

When he turned around and shouted, the passenger compartment was already empty.

'Two seconds. 1 second.'

Amidst the rush of dozens of arrows, Shirone, who grabbed Austin's hind legs, spurred the wagon and jumped off.

The moment Lian, who escaped through the door on the other side, decapitated Marie with phenomenal acceleration.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

The house carriage hit by the bombardment of the magic bullet exploded.

"Keugh!"

The sound of horse hooves pierced the ears of Shirone and Austin, who were blown up the hillside by the expansion of the air.

Dozens of horsemen were running along the mountain road.

"Battle begins! Kill them all!"

Austin grumbled, equipped with a fireball.

"Sheesh! Was it a trap too?"

"Still, it's good that no one was caught."

"I mean that now... ... !"

Dozens of 'spear and death' thieves jumped down from the hillside without a moment to show their annoyance.

"Six billion is ours!"

"Dangerous!"

As Austin held out his hand, hundreds of eyes flashed from Shirone's robes.



Akamai - in full bloom.



"Keugh! what!"

The spearmen, who had lost their will to act as an antithesis, fell and rolled on the ground like puppets with a string cut off.

=======================================
[652] Air of life (1)





"Uh, how... ... !"

Austin is a veteran.

The proof was that he had completed numerous requests for 30 years and was still playing active duty.

It wasn't such a big adventure, but ugly and disgusting things are rather hiding in the curtain of ordinary life.

If his life were compiled into a book, ordinary people would dismiss it as a madman's diary or a pornographic novel, but the things he went through were definitely real, and his heart didn't even respond to quite a few things.

For example, if a friend of 10 years stabbed him for no reason, he would undoubtedly slit his throat with the dagger hidden in his sleeve.

'Is it a monster?'

When he saw hundreds of pupils popping out of Shirone's robes, Austin felt his heart beat faster than in the first time in a long time.

My ribs hurt, and unfamiliar nerve action disturbed my brain, causing me to feel dizzy.

"Big! this... ... what... ... !"

When the spear and death thieves, who had been swaying on the floor, stood up with their arms trembling, Shirone realized that their skills were not normal.

'It moves in an antithesis state?'

Although he split the power into hundreds of minutes and radiated it, it was normal for bandits with his common sense to not be able to lift a finger.

"There! Kill that guy!"

Another group of spearmen jumped down from the hillside on the other side.

Just looking at the height of the leap, it was possible to know that he was a master of the schema.

Austin shouted, burning flames in his hands.

"Be careful! Spear and death thieves!"

Composed of only spearmen, they were anti-Kazra infiltration spies secretly trained by the Tormia National Intelligence Service, but they were combat elites who resented being turned into a band of bandits due to diplomatic issues.

"Cut those eyes!"

True to the mindset of a soldier who values ??results, they found a solution, desperately overcame the antithesis and built a human barrier.

As the troops of the rearguard pushed their spears through the gaps between their comrades, 20 spears crossed like the combs of a wagon and penetrated Shirone.

'Damn it, it's over.'

As Austin, who had already left his seat, thought so, an extremely fast curtain of light exploded in the place where the spearmen were gathered.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The bodies of the spearmen who had been caught in the multiple beams twisted at will, and Shirone, who was still nailed to the spot, lowered her center of gravity, and huge wings of light fluttered from both shoulders.

"Shoot! I mean pour it all out!"

Shirone's gaze was aimed at the thieves floating in the sky.

They were equipped with various fighting methods using the terrain and features of the Underground Mountains, and the magic bullets fired from the sky were clearly threatening.

Mountain roads were destroyed by magic bullets pouring down like rain, and finally, when the explosion completely covered the landscape, Shirone flew up with its wings flapping.

"Shoot! shoot! Shoot!"

As the leader of the Dark Ear fired a series of shots at the flying Shirone, dozens of magic bullets followed.

As the light wing fluttered forward and stopped, the magic bullet exploded at the midpoint due to the wind pressure that became almost solid.

"Uh-oh... ... !"

The wind's aftermath shook even the hang glider unsteadily, followed by dozens of photon cannons that stretched out like flashes.

Puff! Pupperpuppung!

With the power of being driven by iron balls, the bandits died before they hit the ground, and it took less than a minute for their 60 troops to be annihilated.

"What kind of magic is that?"

Austin, who was staring blankly at the flashing air battle, suddenly felt his feet lift.

Then, the claws of the Beast Cat Bandits, running like beasts, passed in front of my eyes.

Looking back, he realized that Lian was holding on to his waist and was running.

"Let me down! I have to fight... ... ."

"Stay still. Not at that level."

The wild cat's movements, which had nested in the rough terrain of the Underground Mountains, were animalistic and fatal to wizards.

Lian swung the straight sword with only one hand, and the sound of flesh and bone being cut interrupted each time the air cracked.

"Kill! Don't miss it!"

It was a beast cat that arched and leaped like a cat, but Lian retreated with a movement that defying inertia and defeated the enemies in front of him one by one.

After stepping back 100 meters, the corpses of the Beast Cat Bandits were lined up in a row.

The overwhelming difference in ability made all the battles seem easy, and Austin was appalled by the consequences of ignoring the science of numbers.

'This is just a massacre.'

"Oohhh!"

As Austin raised his head in a spirit so great that his eardrums burst, Alphasa, the vice-captain of the Red Blade Thieves, was charging at him brandishing a large axe.

'This guy is different.'

An orthodox style that does not rely on miscellaneous skills and fights only with schema abilities.

As Lian set up a straight sword and took the blow, Alphasa screamed again and pushed in like a rhinoceros.

"Everything stuck!"

Then, as the 10 members pressed close to Alpha's back, the arm holding the big sword bent and Lian's legs dragged to the ground.

"Huh!"

When the charge was over, it was after being pushed back by a whopping 20 meters.

'What kind of children do you have?'

Alpha Corporation looked in wonder at Lian, who supported the weight of 11 people without even leaning on the support.

'It's not human strength.'

Although it was an Alpha company that had never been matched in terms of strength, it did not even feel repulsive to admit the difference.

As Austin started to cast his spell, Alpha's gaze focused on him.

"Keugh!"

Technical pressing of the eyes.

It was certainly powerful enough to be the vice-captain of the kingdom's three major thieves, and a tense confrontation took place in that state.

"Push! Keep pushing!"

When someone shouted, the members activated the skill folding of the schema.

When the base schema was folded in half, the muscle strength doubled, and the tremendous power surged.

"Great!"

The one who suffered was Lian, but the one who was afraid was Austin.

'Damn it! How do you hold on?'

The fact that I finally realized is that it may not be my strength.

'Push it away.'

As the will of divine transcendence took over Lian's body, his arms began to open little by little.

The sight of Lian pushing away the bodies of 11 people who had activated the fold with only one arm sent a shudder down his spine.

'Cut!'

Suddenly, the sound of the teeth of a large ax breaking was heard.

And finally, Lian's sword began to slowly descend as it sliced ??through the ax blade.

Alphasa screamed in her head.

'Nonsense eh eh eh!'

Is it physically possible to cut blades while holding weapons against each other?

'No, why is it that only my ax cuts?'

If it's the same power, Lian's sword should also have teeth.

Alphasa lost her mind as the great straight sword cut through the ax and approached as if slowly cutting paper.

With death on the verge of death, all senses opened up and visions that could never be seen with the naked eye began to be reconstructed through the sixth sense.

'It's not about splitting an axe.'

Lian's figure disappeared, and I saw an endless world.

As the world split left and right, it was being pushed at a tremendous speed.

'The world is splitting.'



Divine Transcendence - Zhejiang.



"... ... mind."

By the time the great straight sword cuts through more than half, the fragmentation of the world came in front of my eyes, and Alphasa shouted in a hoarse voice.

"Don't push, you fools!"

Mach.

When I saw the gigantic will split the world in two, Alphasa's body was actually split in two.

thud! As the Daejikdo fell to the ground, two more members split.

After dropping Austin, Lian grabbed the sword with both hands and drew it diagonally, causing the remaining 8 people to be cut into pieces at the same time.

"Whoa."

Austin's face turned pale at the sight of Lian's breathing.

"Now, who the hell are you?"

He would have nodded if he answered that it was a ghost, but Lian just put the greatsword over his shoulder and watched the battle between Shirone and the Red Blade bandits come to an end.

'It's over.'

The wizard Banker was lying on his back with no face, and only Captain Cold Park was fighting wielding a sword.

"What wizard... ... !"

Is it possible to avoid the schema sword attack this flexibly?

With the addition of Armand's strengthened nervous system and Kuzen's metabolic activation, Cold Park's sword couldn't even brush Shirone's collar.

The remnants rushed and surrounded them, but Shirone had already left.

When the Photon Cannon was compressed through magic amplification in Shirone's right hand, which spun and retreated, a sphere of light the size of a human torso was born.

As I swung my arm toward the bandits, whose blood had disappeared, a thick flash of light flew and landed on the floor.

Aaaaaaaang!

Vibrations transmitted through the ground, and no one stood where the debris splattered.

"Now! Attack!"

The Blood Juice bandits, who were watching the battle from the top of the cliff, aimed at Shirone with the 7 wizards and 48 archers who made them.

The arrows, which were twice as heavy as the average, hit the ground first, and the magicians reached out their hands toward Shirone, who flew up into the sky.

"I-what is that?"

The magic that blazed with fire and cold weakened even before it was fired at the gigantic angel of light that rose from Shirone's body.



Incarnation - Angelic Punishment.



"Shoot! I mean sting, you idiots!"

The head of Blooduiju gave an order, but the arm of the angel holding the huge spear swung faster than he did.

"ah... ... ."

Austin looked closely.

A single flash of light that was the clearest and then scattered like dust.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

I was blown away by the roar, and I didn't think about anything for a while.

And when he came to his senses again, he realized that a cliff that had stood in front of him just a moment ago had disappeared entirely.

Some of them may have escaped, but 90% of the thieves who numbered over 300 remained here as corpses.

'Am I dreaming?'

The 30-year experience of living only for survival could not accept this moment as reality.

The Red Blade thieves were one of the three major thieves in the kingdom, and the Underworld Demon, Beast Cat, Spear and Death, and Blood Judgment thieves were also a class A criminal group in the capital.

Is it possible to annihilate 5 giant bandits with just 2 people?



- Mr. Austin. Have you ever seen the Archmage?



It was no coincidence that Estera's voice suddenly came to mind.

'No, you're wrong.'

The archmage she actually confirmed was beyond her imagination.

'Estera, we made a mistake. There's no way to catch that boy.'

Unless you dedicate the whole guild.

While Austin thought about that, Lian approached Shirone and put his hand on the shoulder.

"Shirone, are you okay?"

"yes. I'm okay."

Shirone looked back at the corpses strewn everywhere.

It might be a way to get used to it now, but whenever I went into battle, I kept asking 'why?'.

"It is a great destructive force. It's different from the 2,000 times."

Shirone confirmed the spot where the angel's punishment had been placed.

It was too easy for him to raise the incarnation and throw the spear of light.

"It was clearly aimed at me and attacked."

The spearmen said it was 6 billion gold.

"The information about Armand must have spread. If I had known in advance, the battle could have been avoided."

They did not think of the people they had hurt and the people they would harm in the future.

As always, Shirone saw that humans were not qualified to judge humans.

Because being qualified and being driven by necessity are completely different concepts.

"I have something to talk about."

As Shirone and Lian turned around, Austin took a note out of his pocket and said,

"I guess my mission ends here."

=======================================
[653] Air of life (2)





"Is it over?"

Shirone asked, blinking, and Austin held out the note again.

"What is this?"

"It's a map of the canal in the basement of Mr. Brooks' mansion. Estera entrusted me with leading, but I don't think she will be able to leave here."

Most of the horses had already died and there was a bombing that completely disappeared one cliff, so the surviving horses were also running away.

Shirone checked the map.

It was not as detailed as the design drawing, but looking at the traffic lines, it was sure to get lost if you went in without knowing it.

"As you probably know, the letter to Mr. Brooks is being handled by our guild. I don't have much advice for you, but keep this in mind. A request is completely subject to the conditions of the client. Don't worry about anything except delivering the letter. This map will help. When you reach the end of the canal, Mr. Brooks' men will guide you."

Shirone raised her head and asked.

"What are you going to do, Mr. Austin?"

"I need to clear this place. I'll collect your loot for you. Of course, 10 percent will be mine as a fee."

I didn't really intend to take loot, but it was foolish to give up on giving a reward.

"Yes. Then I will ask you a favor."

Since he knew that numerous organizations were targeting Armand, he had no intention of going on a designated mountain path, so Shirone readily accepted.

"It will take time to sort things out and catch up. This is a request, but if possible, finish the request and make sure to stop by the Silverling headquarters."

The guild is sensitive to information, and especially in cases like this, rumors spread nationwide like wings.

By the time Shirone arrives in the capital, many guilds will try to recruit him.

The reason why Austin gave up the insole was the veteran's judgment that if it was something he could not do on his own, it would be better to take at least some spoils.

"Do not worry. I know the importance of trust."

Austin laughed bitterly.

'That's why I'm more anxious.'

Shirone knows how strong he is, but from Austin's point of view, it's just a measure of pure skill, and he's still a rookie who doesn't know how far he can go with it.

'Trust me... ... .'

On this floor, trust is actually just a concept like insurance for the weak.

In the world of guilds where skill is everything, Shirone is already a person who does not even need to mention trust.

"You'll have to be diligent to get into the capital before the sun goes down. Stop leaving."

"Yes. Be careful, Mr. Austin."

"Oh, and."

Just before Shirone and Lian went into the mountain, Austin called.

"When you arrive in the capital, you'd better do some research on Mr. Brooks before you complete the quest."

It would be the end of it anyway as long as he delivered the letter, but it was the veteran's old heart.

This world could turn into a mess any number of times even with the slightest variable that Shirone accepted a request that anyone could do.

After thinking for a moment, Shirone smiled and nodded as if she understood.

"Yes. Do not worry."

'Well, who am I to worry about?'

As Shirone and Lian entered the mountain, Austin picked up a longsword and began cutting the heads of the bandits.

The 3rd reset, the great purifier.

The annihilation of the 5 bandits in Shirone is over.



* * *



With Armand's ability, Shirone's speed was as nimble as that of a mountain beast, and he jumped over a mountain in 20 minutes.

When he saw the outer wall of the capital and the royal castle built close to the center in the distance, Lian suggested it.

"Shirone, let's wash before entering."

There was nothing good about walking around with the smell of blood in a place at the cutting edge of civilization.

"Is that so?"

After looking at the mountains with fly magic, Shirone arrived at a small lake with Lian.

Is this inevitable, or is it the result of cause and effect?



La Enemy was there.



Sitting on a rock by the lakeside with one leg down, he was a handsome man with dark skin typical of a Middle Eastern man and clear features.

The eyes that seemed to contain everything or nothing and the lips closed in a straight line were subtle enough to be interpreted as either joy or sadness.

"It's cold, are you okay?"

Shirone asked, passing the rock where Ra was sitting.

"This cold is nothing. Come to think of it, do you think you don't have to wash? It's not even bloody."

"No, but I want to wash. After the battle, his head was complicated."

Cold water friction was the best way to get rid of my thoughts.

When Shirone changed Armand into the form of a sword and threw it on the floor, Ra turned her gaze to that spot and tilted her head.

In the meantime, the two of them took off their clothes and jumped into the lake.

"Ughhh. It's cold, it's cold."

While Shirone trembled with her arms wrapped around her, Lian dived deep and popped out.

"Puha! Cool."

Shirone stared at Lian as she was washing her face.

He must have attained equanimity after many battles, but the Lian he knew was not a mindless murderer.

"Lian, how do you get over it?"

The hand that was washing her face stopped abruptly.

"I never got over it. i just... ... I don't think about anything."

"Any idea?"

"It is a question without an answer. Whether they were evil or good, once they drew their swords, they decided not to hesitate. That's how you decide."

Lian took a dip in the lake.

"Shirone, there is no such thing as a situation where you can die. The opposite situation is also true. It's the same as deciding whether or not to drink a glass of water. What matters is responsibility. I decided to shoulder it, so I don't think about it."

Ra, who had been listening, nodded.

"Responsibility for life."

Lian looked down as she grabbed a glass of water.

"A person born with one life erases many other lives. It's very unfair. Whoever they are, it cannot be denied that our actions have upset the balance."

Lian looked back at Shirone.

"So Shirone, let's mourn. to life itself."

That's how you carry it endlessly.

"yes."

While Shirone and Lian closed their eyes and prayed in silence, a strong winter wind blew.

The moment when Ra, who was immersed in contemplation while looking up at the sky, smiled.

'what?'

Shirone's eyes widened.

'It seemed like someone was there.'

Even if he activated Elysion, nothing was caught.

The world that humans speak of is, at most, only the sum of the five senses.

But just a moment ago, it was as if Shirone had been equipped with a sensory organ to perceive the world in a completely new way, and then disappeared.

"What's wrong, Shirone? You don't look good."

"No, nothing. Let's stop."

Shaking off her thoughts about not being there, Shirone came out to the shore and changed her clothes.

When Shirone, Ra, who was watching from a mere 1 meter away, approached, he slowly turned around and opened the way.

"I wish I had arrived before rumors spread."



* * *



By the time we reached Baska, the sun was setting.

Before joining the not-so-long line, Shirone pulled out a letter from Estera.

"I need to know what it is about."

I felt it when I first received the request, but it took Austin's meaningful advice.

"But you said it was encrypted, right?"

"I'll have to decipher it."

The personally combined password is rather difficult to decipher because it is not professional, but I was able to taste the approximate contents through the Ultima system.

"Any information can be integrated and accepted?"

"yes. It's like a language before a language. It's quite convenient."

It was thanks to the Ultima System that deciphered the true intentions of the birdsong flute that led to the understanding of Mari's ulterior motive.

Lian asked as Shirone put the letter in an envelope and put it in her bosom.

"What is written on it? Is it dangerous?"

"No, not really. Just personal."

Lian didn't ask more because he wasn't the type to be interested in other people's private lives.

Even if it was just the two of them, they could easily pass through the castle gates because they were wizards and nobles, and Shirone followed Austin's advice and collected information about Brooks.

After going around several stores, I was able to hear it in a weapon shop.

"Mr. Brooks? why are you looking for him? Are you a mercenary?"

"No, he's a wizard."

"Aha, you belong to the Silverling Guild."

The shop owner nodded as if he had some idea.

"Mr. Brooks is a mercenary broker."

According to the owner, he was a resourceful businessman, and only seven large organizations signed formal contracts with him.

"There is no mercenary in Tormia that has not passed through Mr. Brooks' hands. But I don't know if you're at home today. You are such a busy person."

'A mercenary broker... ... .'

It was precisely here that Austin was concerned.

It is only natural that the mansion is heavily guarded by a businessman who fights on the front lines of the battlefield.

Judging from the contents of the letter deciphered by the Ultima system, it was essential to have the ability to infiltrate without being noticed by anyone.

'It'll be fine if we go through the waterway.'

After leaving the store, the two arrived at Brooks' mansion.

It occupied a large area like the houses of other nobles, but was different in that it was fortified.

Armed guards in plain clothes were guarding the entrance, and torchbearers were roaming around the garden through the arch.

"They are all very talented."

Even if you felt the overall energy, it was incomparable to the thieves.

"... ... Wouldn't it be better to go to the waterway?"

The water pipe we arrived at along the map was 200 meters away from the mansion.

Taking advantage of the gap where no one was passing by, I opened the lid and went down to find a familiar smell in the stench that Lian gave off.

"Shirone, it smells like rotting corpses."

It was terrifying to have a body left in the city's sewers, but there was no need to doubt the consequences that had already taken place.

"yes. I can't be careless."

The closer they got to Brooks's house, the stronger the smell, until finally a body was found that had been abandoned for only a few days.

"What is this? Aren't you human?"

I don't know the exact name, but the corpse of a race with light pink skin was abandoned.

"There are signs of torture."

"No, it's not torture."

The damage to the body was too serious to be said to cause pain.

"First... ... Let's do our thing."

I remembered Austin's words not to worry about anything other than commissions.

After passing through such a complicated maze-like waterway, we came to a staircase that must have been artificially remodeled.

The top of the stairs was barricaded, and a man was sitting with his arms crossed on a chair by the sewer.

Lian stopped walking without saying anything first.

'What is this man... ... ?'

There was no temperamental characteristic to be found in him, with his long, straight hair hanging down from side to side like a woman's, covering his face.

It feels like a corpse is sitting on it.

"Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff."

The dead-quiet man made a sniffing noise and slowly raised his head.

Lian grabbed the handle of the great sword and stood in front of him.

'This bastard is incredibly strong.'

That's why it was even more strange.

If this level of skill is guarding it, isn't it normal that the name should have come out of Austin's mouth?

The man, who had been looking at the two of them alternately with cloudy eyes like a wild dog, fixed his gaze on Shirone.

"you... ... You met Ra."

"what?"

The man who slowly rose from his chair had daggers that looked like kitchen knives clutched in both hands.

"Where is he?"

The man's name is Chagall.

Even his employer, Brooks, did not know that he was a serial killer designated as one of the 100 most dangerous people in the world.

=======================================
[654] Air of Life (3)





"La Enemy?"

Shirone couldn't understand how the man in front of her knew about Ra Enemy.

No, most of all, aren't you saying that you met a person you haven't met yet?

"How do you know that?"

Every time Chagall flicked his upper body, Lian unknowingly flinched.

'It's an undisputed strong man.'

Chagall, one of the world's 100 most dangerous people.

His hometown is the kingdom of Merchen in the western Mediterranean, and he was born as an illegitimate child in a beautiful tourist destination like a fairy tale.

Some killers are emasculated from birth, but Chagall was an acquired killer.

"Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff."

What he senses from Shirone through his sense of smell is not the smell molecule, but the perfume of the incident.

Just as a specific smell recalls the memory of a specific event, Chagall could feel the nostalgia of the event itself.

That also meant that Chagall had already met La Enemy more than once.

And perhaps, if Chagall's memory is correct, he killed La Enemie more than seven times.

If Chagall's memory is correct.

"Where is La Enemy?"

The already muddy voice echoed through the tunnels of the underground waterways, creating a more eerie feeling.

"do not know. We came at the request of Mr. Brooks."

It was a dirty life that made me feel like I didn't even want to get involved regardless of the level of skill.

"Brooks?"

Since being hired 3 months ago, he has worked as if he was trapped in an underground waterway, eliminating numerous sub-species.

It was a pleasure for Chagall, but he still did not like delivering Brooks' letter.

The reason he was hired anyway is because there is evidence of La Enemy in Baska.

Chagall erased the request from his mind.

"If you don't want to tell me, I have no choice but to ask you directly."

"Keugh!"

The air in the canal, which I thought was full of life, rapidly expanded and stabbed with thousands of blades.

'come.'

The left and right bobbing movements gradually quickened, and then both arms disappeared as if they had been amputated.

At the sound of a boom and the air shaking, Shirone and Lian kicked off the ground at the same time and came down the stairs.

bang! As the sound exploded, Chagall's two daggers struck Lian's straight sword vertically.

'It's fine. only hold on... ... .'

Just as he thought so, the air trembled again, and numerous blades spread in afterimages rushed in from all directions.

"Huh!"

Blood splattered from his arms and legs, but Lian didn't mind and swung his big sword wide.

Chagall bounced back like a rubber ball at the sword attack that controlled the entire radius of the canal.

'That guy doesn't smell.'

As she turned around like a ghost and passed Lian, Shirone equipped herself with magic, preparing to fight.

The moment when you get a strange feeling that you can see his upper body bobbing left and right even in the blink of an eye.

Lian approached in an instant and blocked Shirone's way.

A roaring sound echoed through the canal, and Chagall's eyes flickered for a moment in bewilderment.

'what?'

Chagall's sense of smell was activated again in response to an impossible reaction that could only be called quick.

'An event experienced somewhere.'

The memory of the time I killed Ra Enemy came to mind.

"Shirone, go up."

To be considered a mere mercenary, Lian chose to send Shirone because his murderous disposition was too murky.

"But... ... ."

"It's fine. Request comes first."

Shirone, aware of Lian's skills, met Chagall's eyes over her shoulder.

Will he be able to break through that human and get out of the canal?

'Now!'

As Shirone moved to the side, Chagall's gaze moved exactly the same as Shirone's movement.

Afterwards, her body melted like smoke, and Chagall's dagger stabbed Shirone between the eyebrows.

'what?'

However, the dagger only cut through the air in vain, and there was no trace of Shirone.

Shirone, who escaped in the opposite direction with the fire of Buddha statue, broke down the iron gate of the waterway with a photon cannon and climbed up.

Until then, Chagall was just staring at Shirone, unable to organize his thoughts.

Lian slung the great sword over his shoulder and said.

"Now, shall we stick together in earnest?"

If there was no need to protect Shirone, it would be the same as releasing the shackles of accidents for Lian.

"haha. Kkkkkkkkk."

Chagall shrugged and laughed.

It is still unknown, but it was clear that they had had the same experience as himself in some way.

"I'll kill you step by step."

No matter where Shirone fled, she could always find her and slaughter her with her own sense of smell.

"Why don't you kill me first before doing that bluff?"

Chagall's laughter stopped.

A serial killer who has committed four-digit murders, there is only one criterion for distinguishing humans.

kill or not

And at this moment, Chagall defined a human named Lian through that one criterion.

"You die."

As soon as Chagall's figure disappeared, Lian grabbed the great sword with both hands and threw himself away.

A tremendous crash shook the canal.



* * *



'hurry! hurry!'

After entering the mansion, Shirone made full use of Kuzen's metabolism to quickly search the mansion.

A considerable number of guards stood guard, but the security inside the mansion was not very tight.

It must have been because the man she met on the waterway was guarding the only way to enter the mansion.

'He's also a strange guy. Who are you?'

That's how much Lian was worried about.

'Where the hell are you?'

If you expand the spirit zone, you can feel people without entering the room, but the mansion was so big and had hundreds of rooms.

I'm sorry! I'm sorry!

As Shirone ran down the hallway by the window, the guard dogs patrolling outside all turned around and started barking.

'this!'

You can avoid people's eyes, but you can't avoid a dog's sense of smell.

Especially since I had met a man sniffing like a dog on the canal, I felt more disturbed.

"It's an intruder! find!"

The emergency bell rang in the mansion and the footsteps of numerous guards were heard.

Shirone, who went around the 2nd floor in an instant, immediately went up to the 3rd floor, and one bodyguard found his feet.

"The third floor! Chase!"

The schema masters quickly closed the distance, but Shirone also spotted the person at the end of the hallway.

'Two people?'

Shirone's spirit zones were so tangled that if they were a little less sensitive, they wouldn't have noticed.

"Protect the boss!"

The guards came out from the hallway on the other side as well.

Arriving at the door while avoiding the enemies attacking from both sides across the corridor, Shirone broke the door with her body just before their swords fell.

Unlike the hallway, the bright light first filled the field of view.

As Shirone rolled on the floor and regained her balance, the bodyguards stood in front of the door with weapons.

"What's the fuss?"

When Shirone heard the sound coming from the bed, she turned to see a man in his mid-40s coming down from the bed naked.

A blonde beauty was sitting on the bed, covered with a blanket.

Brooks turned to her, clicked her tongue, and put on her gown.

"What are you?"

Shirone stared at the man with a short beard to the tip of his chin and was lost in thought.

You could just say that you came to deliver the letter, but I couldn't readily hand it to you because it was in front of my subordinates.

"Uh, hey, that... ... ."

"Shirone?"

When the woman sitting on the bed asked with a surprised expression, Brooks turned around with a puzzled expression.

"what? Did you have another lover?"

The woman didn't answer and got off the bed with a blanket covering her body.

"Shirone! You are really Shirone! Don't you remember me?"

Shirone, who studied her face for a while, also pointed at her with a surprised expression.

"uh? then that... ... ."

"yes! Arya! Aria you saved!"

Tessya Aria.

She was an open-minded woman who happened to ride in the same carriage half a year ago when Shirone joined the Magic Association.

It was memorable because he personally rescued her when the Black Revolutionary Corps committed a terror attack at the Gold Tower.

'But why are you here?'

I heard that there were two lovers at the time, but the relationship between the young and beautiful Aria and the middle-aged Brooks was somehow strange.

Brooks asked.

"Since when do you know each other?"

"Oh, don't you know Shirone? It's a very famous magic mountain now. There was a terrorist incident in the past, he was the one who saved me then."

"Hmm."

Having made up his mind, Brooks gave his men a chin and pretended to leave.

The door was closed and only three people were left, but Shirone, who knew the contents of the letter, still could not reveal the purpose of coming here.

"So, what brought you here? It doesn't look like Arya has any business."

"I came because of a request from the Silverling Guild."

"letter? Give it to me."

Even though Aria was by her side, Brooks did not hold back, and Shirone finally handed over the letter in her arms.

After reading the contents, Brooks clicked his tongue, and Arya asked as if she already knew.

"Is that the girl? She met in the province."

"You said you were pregnant. If you don't come down quickly, they will sue you."

Arya laughed.

"Oh, so be careful. Too bad. The turbulent life of a bachelor also ends today."

The letter was from Brooks's lover, and it was written that she was pregnant from their reunion a few months earlier.

Aria's boldness to laugh even knowing that fact was unusual, and Brooks was thinking the same thing.

'aria... ... .'

As the daughter of a first-class diplomat in the Kingdom of Tormia, she is also a talented person who has passed the Diplomatic Examination.

It is true that we met with the feeling that we were playing with each other, thinking that it was an aristocratic lady playing with fire.

But now it was rather confusing.

It occurred to me that maybe Brooks wasn't playing with Arya, but the other way around.

'She's a woman I don't want to miss.'

With the letter in his pocket, Brooks asked Shirone.

"Then why are you making such a fuss? If I had told Chagall, I would have brought him quietly."

Shirone suddenly realized and shouted.

"Oh right! Lian!"



* * *



If someone had been in an underground waterway, they would have covered their ears and screamed at the eardrum-shattering sound of the impact.

The two shadows roamed the complicated maze-like path, intertwined like a gale.

Defense and attack were almost sensational, and as time passed, the scars on Lian's body increased.

Smille. Smille.

The original hallucinations were heard and the wounds began to regenerate, but whenever this happened, Lian felt the same weight of discomfort as death.

'weird.'

Chagall was also aware of the displeasure.

A huge straight sword and two daggers.

If a battle is to be fought at close range, Chagall should have the upper hand in response.

However, Lian's behavior, ignoring inertia, was different from any enemy Chagall had ever dealt with.

'then... ... !'

Chagall's eyes twinkled as he removed his hand from the dagger.

Another dagger came out of the hand that had returned to his back, and a total of four daggers flew toward Lian at the same time.

'Is this possible?'

Even during the battle between life and death, questions arose, but there was no time to find answers, and Lian took a step towards death.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

Sparks flew as the metal collided with each other, and their shadows shimmered like monsters on the walls of the canals.

And the two averted their eyes, realizing that there was another shadow in that fleeting flash.

"Keugh!"

What I could see in front of me were dozens of blades, and they pierced the center of the gap where Lian and Chagall retreated and crashed into the wall.

Aaaaaaaang!

The blade disappeared as soon as the wall was destroyed, revealing that it was magic and not a real sword.

"Someone said... ... ."

The unknown owner of the shadow approached with the sound of water.

"There was a giant."

"you are... ... ?"

A pale-looking man with a torn scar on the right side of his mouth.

It was Lufist, the president of the Tormia Magic Association.

=======================================
[655] Air of Life (4)





'What else is this guy?'

Lian was perplexed when he encountered two strong men in an underground waterway where the smell of rotting corpses vibrated.

On the other hand, Rufist noticed a man standing like a corpse with a dagger in his finger.

'The rapid-fire sword Chagall.'

Even the life that an ordinary person would not have enough to suffocate from, to him, was the thrilling taste of stimulating junk food.

"Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff."

Rufist, who even confirmed the habit of groping the opponent with his sense of smell, was convinced of the identity of the opponent, and only then looked back at Lian.

"What is your name?"

"Lian. It is August Lian."

Mach's Knight.

His skills would be basic enough to reach the ears of the head of the Magic Association, but it was unexpected that he was breathing against Chagall.

"So who are you?"

"me? The head of the Magic Association."

Rufist said it insignificantly, and understood it only after examining the dozens of scars on Lian's body.

"You have good recovery. Is it a play build?"

"No, what... ... ."

It was Lian who did not want to talk about not being able to schema even if he died.

"Anyway, I was lucky. After all, I've endured this far against the world's 100 most dangerous people."

"The World's 100 Most Dangerous People?"

I had heard it several times during my training as a knight, but it was the first time I had actually seen it.

But what struck me more than that was the first words, "I was lucky."

"You mean I survived by luck?"

Rufist approached Chagall, putting off an answer.

"Really, did you change your weapon? There's nothing better than this to hide your identity... ... ."

If you reach a certain level of skill, even murder is sublimated to the level of art, so you can identify the culprit just by looking at the corpse.

Some call this the fingerprint of a murderer, but in the end Chagall erased his own fingerprint.

"You changed your weapon?"

"Rapid sword Chagall. He handles dozens of daggers simultaneously with bizarrely quick hand movements. Schema said something... ... Was it a technique called grounding?"

If folding doubled the efficiency by folding the human body diagram, folding was a technique of strengthening a part of the body by folding a part.

"Hmph, just to the extent of changing weapons... ... ."

"And Chagall of the rapid-fire sword is a master of stabbing."

Lian remembered that all the scars on his body were cuts.

"The corpse of a sub-species dumped in the waterway, you did it, right? There was no point in being clumsy. So it hasn't been caught yet."

Shirone even said it was a trace of torture.

"Did you come to catch me?"

Chagall was the first to speak.

Of course, Rufist had the authority to arrest Chagall, and as a wizard belonging to the Association, he had the duty to do so.

However, the reason he left the main gate and entered the canal was because he had a more important matter than that.

"It's surprising that you're the 'gatekeeper of the canal' you hired recently, but I'm out of business right now. Guide Brooks."

Then, splashing in the water, Shirone came running.

"Lian! It's fine?"

"Well, as you can see."

After confirming that Lian was safe, Shirone raised her ax eye and walked towards Chagall.

"Hey! what the hell are you... ... !"

However, in the end, he found a man standing next to Lian and put on a blank expression.

"The president of the association?"

"Whoa, who is this? Aren't you a traitor to Tormia?"

There was no way he didn't know that Shirone had left the red line after being selected as a candidate for the Ivory Tower.

However, it was more of a joke than a mockery because it was the kingdom that splashed the dung in the end.

A sharp voice came from behind Shirone.

"The head of the Magic Association in a place that stinks, hehe. This is a person who is trembling."

Brooks' smiling face hovered like a ghost next to Arya holding a torch.



* * *



Chagall sat at the iron gate of the underground water canal dripping with water and was immersed in thought as he sharpened a cheap kitchen knife.

'La Enemy.'

Killing countless lives, there was never a time when I wasn't convinced of the pleasure of killing.

Unlike most murders out of necessity, murderers kill for pleasure.

Then you realize that the pleasure is so intense that you can't live without tasting it even for a day.

Just as it is not a sin for a beast to hunt for food, it is not a sin for a murderer to kill a person.

Murder is prohibited by law in any country, but what Chagall feared was God's judgment, not human rule.

To him, Ra Enemy was a special being who taught him the fear of murder for the first time.

As if his tongue had been cut off, like impotence, killing had ceased to be enjoyable after meeting him.

"kill. certainly."

Chagall's eyes shone eerily.



Meanwhile, Shirone and the others follow Brooks to the conference room.

On the way, Lufist revealed the identity of Chagall, but Brooks only shrugged.

"Yes? When you do this job, all sorts of guys will come in."

That was the end of the impression, and when we arrived at the door of the conference room, Arya hung a torch on the wall and said.

"I will go first. I'm tired."

"It's okay, don't you have to walk away?"

"You seem busy, but do something. Shirone, see you next time."

Arya pointed at Shirone and said.

"Ah yes. Go carefully."

It seemed that there would be nothing to do next, but Arya turned around without asking anything as if she was sure.

As she left, Rufist asked.

"Are you okay, that girl?"

"This is the Tessiya family. It's heavier than my subordinates, so hold on to your worries."

Brooks, who was boastful, opened the door and went in, but Shirone stopped and said.

"Hey, we want to stop too. If you write a confirmation that you have completed the request... ... ."

"Oh right. Right."

It was Shirone who followed only for that.

"You are here too."

Lian's expression crumpled when Rufist said it clearly.

I don't know if he's the president of the association or not, but he's no longer the type to give orders to Shirone.

I didn't like the tone of saying that I was lucky from the first time we met, so I was going to say something, but Shirone came out first.

"Sorry, but I'm busy. Besides, I am no longer a wizard belonging to the Red Line."

Lufist laughed.

"I heard that it ended smoothly, but there is a lot of backlash."

"I'm human too, and I can't help but feel hurt."

"Yes, I apologize for the judgment of the kingdom. Anyway, it's good that you have a corner to get dirty too. I am not unfamiliar with the association staff."

"It is, but... ... ."

I wanted to finish the guild work quickly before rumors spread that I had annihilated the thieves.

"And perhaps, what I am about to tell you has nothing to do with testing your ivory tower."

"What do you mean?"

Rufist erased his smile and said.

"I'm not looking for La Enemy in the Ivory Tower for nothing. Currently, all institutions around the world are looking for La Enemy. Of course, the same goes for the Tormia Magic Association."

While Shirone stared blankly at him, Lufist pointed at the conference room with his thumb.

"How about it, are you willing to listen now?"

There was nothing to say, and so the four of them pushed themselves into a closed room where no sound leaked out.

Brooks passed the bottle and four glasses and sat down at the table.

"Why did the president of the association ask to see me in secret?"

"It's not even going to be covert. Anyway, are there any other reasons you're looking for a mercenary broker? I want to hire mercenaries."

"A mercenary. There will be no mercenary who can match the castle of someone who has the best wizards in the kingdom. I wonder if it's Chagall."

"It would be good to include him. Skill isn't the problem. Because it is a difficult matter to move in the name of the association."

Brooks snapped the cap off the bottle.

"Cheuk, the association of the world is buying himself? I'm curious. What are you up to?"

"Closing Radum, the shadow of Baska."

Brooks, who stopped pouring alcohol for Rufist, hurriedly took the bottle away so as not to show his trembling fingers.

But as if he already knew everything, Lufist glared at Brooks and raised his lips.

"According to my information network, I know that the head of Radum's largest sub-species union 'Spectrum' is being held here?"

"What do you mean... ... ."

"On the way here, I saw 14 sub-species corpses. Of course, I also checked the bone fragment tattoo on the right upper arm bone. Do you think it's strange that people who should be stuck in Radum keep flowing here?"

Brooks, realizing he had no choice but to make a deal, sat down.

"What do you want?"

"Head of Spectrum, hand over Venice to us."

"Isn't the kingdom inviolable internally? You know what will happen if 'Spectrum' finds out about the association's involvement?"

All of Radum's terrorist groups would turn Baska into a mess.

"That's why we need mercenaries. Officially, the Association does not move. I will form a private organization and annihilate them."

"why? Haven't you been doing well so far?"

"It was like that until now. But this time it's not just the kingdom's circumstances."

When Brooks made a face of incomprehension, Lufist pointed his index finger at him.

"Venice. you didn't catch That's where she came from. I'd rather risk my life."

It was true.

"To be clear, he is not a person you will have for a long time. If you hold on to her, she will eventually destroy her and you too."

"Who? The forces of Radum?"

"no. La Enemy."

Shirone hurriedly turned his head.

"La Enemy? You mean that Venetian woman has something to do with Ra?"

Rufist took a deep breath as he poured a drink into his glass.

"You must know that Anchera herself erased herself and opened the Great Purifier."

"Of course I know."

"Empire must have been the fastest, but Tormia also quickly started looking for Ra through the information from Cage B Team. Because she wanted to get rid of it before revealing herself to the world as much as possible. But I couldn't."

"Couldn't you locate Ra?"

"No, rather the opposite. It was because there were too many Ra."

As Shirone frowned, Lufist added.

"To be precise, it was like Ra exists but doesn't exist. Countless people have witnessed Ra, talked to Ra, and even graduated from magic school. but i can't find it I kept tracking it tail after tail, but it just cycled endlessly. Do you know what this means?"

After passing the strong drink, Lufist said.

"La Enemy seems to exist only as an ¡®incident'."

"Only as an incident, does it exist?"

"When you think about it, it makes sense. Even on the human side, there are overflowing and overflowing talented people who can search for La Enemy. Even knowing that, I should have figured out quickly that there was no way I would have gone through my reincarnation without being obedient."

"What the hell are you thinking?"

"The answer lies with Venice. She is the only tripartite with three brains that can perceive the past, present, and future separately. He redeemed himself after knowing that Ra's incident changed him. Maybe he read the future when we come here."

"If it's us, does that include me?"

Lufist put on a thoughtful expression.

"Shirone. You know that countries around the world are watching you. But we don't know you as much as you do. that's why i'm asking Don't you have something to point out?"

"If you're going to pull it... ... ."

Shirone opened his eyes.

"Chagall said, I met La Enemie."

"Hmm, 'nostalgia for the incident'. It's a pretty troublesome ability, but if he said that, it's likely to be true."

Lian also listened to Chagall, but there was still something he did not understand.

"But you don't remember. If it only exists as an event, shouldn't the memory remain in some way even if it is invisible?"

"No, rather, this is normal. Ra can't imprint any event on me."

Recalling Guffin's words, Shirone spat out with conviction.

"Because I have no cause."

=======================================
[656] Air of Life (5)





There are no causes, only effects.

That's Hexa.

"Right."

Rufist rested his chin on his chin and was lost in thought.

It is unknown whether Anchal, who investigated Estas with Shirone, kept his promise to share information, but he had already come across the report on Hexa through the 'Holy War'.

If Shirone was Hexa, she would become Ra Enemy's natural enemy, so there was no way she wouldn't have contacted her.

"And Chagall smelled it."

Brooks couldn't understand.

"What the hell are you talking about? What is the case, and who is La Enemy?"

Rufist stood up instead of answering.

"great. Going to see Venice now. Guide me."

"Wait. Isn't this too much? Even if you are the president of the association, it will be difficult if you just ask someone to give you something."

Radum was Tormia's biggest nuisance, and Venice was the head of the biggest force there.

"Give me the amount and I'll match it."

Brooks laughed.

"You look too shallow. I am also a businesswoman by definition. I know that the amount of money that I can see is a pittance, no matter how much it is."

I had never imagined the amount of money in Venice's value from the beginning.

"Urgent. If you have something to say, do it quickly."

As expected, Lufist was able to communicate, but that is why miscellaneous words did not work.

"You said you were shutting down Radum earlier."

Brooks asked with a straight face.

"Yes it was."

"I want to manage."

"Hmm".

"Anyway, if the terrorist organization is wiped out, a separate management department will have to be established in the kingdom. If you designate 'Brooks Mercenary Broker' as a private partner, we will provide the mercenaries needed to manage the sub-species."

If you can monopolize Radum, a different level of business will open.

Lian recalled that Shirone had bought all the information cards from the Silverling branch.

'Whatever you see, it's a small amount of money.'

Same goes for swords.

What is more terrifying than the visible sword is the numerous possibilities it contains.

If you think about it like that, Ra Enemy was a sword aimed at the world.

"Okay, Radum is exclusively owned by Brooks Mercenary Brokers."

"The deal is done."

Brooks gulped down his drink and headed for the door.

"Let's go. I will guide you."

Venezia was imprisoned in the punishment room in the basement of the mansion.

There was not even a torch hanging in the room, which was about 1 pyeong, and she was sitting on a shabby wooden chair.

'This woman is a three-brained woman.'

When he heard it, he thought of a monster with three heads, and he was quite nervous.

However, the pupils were blue with no whites, and a waterdrop-shaped jewel was embedded in the forehead as a body organ, not as a decoration.

"Is this the head of Spectrum, Venice?"

The corner of her mouth went up slightly at Lufist's question.

"You are Luffist."

This was the first time Lufist remembered seeing Venice face to face.

both said at the same time.

"How do you know me?"

Rufist kept his mouth shut, and Venezia continued.

"Yes. This is short-term predictive ability. It is about analyzing the present based on the past and predicting the future."

It was the reason why he was able to unite numerous terrorist organizations and protect sub-species from the kingdom.

Lian asked.

"Anyway, is it possible to predict the next word?"

"That's because you have a human mindset. What I analyze is time, not events. Because the past and the present can be distinguished, the present and the future can also be distinguished."

Rufist asked.

"When did you know I was coming here?"

"By your standards, it was one minute ago."

"Then you know why I'm here."

"To figure out La Enemie's intentions."

"Have you met him?"

Venice frowned.

"What a vague question. If you could be sure of that, you wouldn't have locked me up yourself."

Shirone came out.

"Is it true that La Enemy only exists as an incident?"

Venezia put on a blank expression.

"Who are you?"

"My name is Ariane Shirone... ... ."

"Nope. Since when have you been here?"

Rufist's eyes twinkled.

"Did you not foresee?"

Shirone's statue of Buddha destroys time and provides a perfectly open future.

It was only natural that the three-brained brain couldn't recognize it.

"The reason I came here is you."

"No, I... ... ."

Rufist interrupted Shirone.

"Please explain to me. What are you up to?"

"There is probably no one in this world who understands Ra's intentions correctly."

Venezia pointed to her head.

"Three brains have three brains that perceive the past, present, and future separately. I think I am imprinting a special experience on many people called now. Of course it actually happened. But that event only exists 'in the past'."

"It is a reality that has already passed."

"Yes. Humans living in the flow of time are indistinguishable. But my brain structure is different. In my brain, which recognizes my past, La Enemy remains clear. But in our current brain, we can't get any information. The biggest problem, though, is that the brain of the future is predictive. Do you know what this means?"

Shirone said.

"It means there is no present."

"Exactly. From the standpoint of the three brains, the fact that the past changes the future without analyzing the present means that I have no choice. It means that nothing in this world can be changed according to our will."

Human will is the exclusive property of the present.

Therefore, if humanity is deprived of the present, everything in this world has no choice but to move according to the will of Ra.

Also, this was the reason Yoga persuaded Miro even at the cost of her own life.

"All I can do is to lock myself in so that I won't be used by Ra. But Radum's other comrades can't. They are doing causation on events that obviously existed. In reality, they are moving according to Ra's design, but they think they are judging by their own will."

"What is happening in Radum?"

"Subversion of the system."

Venezia said with a sad expression.

"The Resistance will fight for freedom. I have contacted many comrades called. It may have injected hints into some, anger into others, and hope into others. When all of them are united by the will of Ra, the kingdom of Tormia will be reestablished as a subhuman nation."

Shirone bit his lip.

"How could that be... ... ."

The reason why the ivory tower, which did not move even in the war against heaven, is looking for Ra Enemy became clear.

It is the air called

The air that permeates human life.

"Remember. All who come into contact with Ra will eventually operate under Ra's special design."

"Now I understand."

Rufist turned to Shirone and asked.

"Have you ever gotten information about La Enemy?"

"Yes. Stop by the guild and get an information card... ... ."

"Then it would be easy. The Association also obtained a lot of information. But none of them had anything in common."

"I did too. Some say they are blind, some say they are deaf."

"yes. But that's not the problem. All informants tracked by the association are either dead or missing. Twelve of them are suicides."

"You mean you killed yourself?"

As soon as Shirone exhaled, he shook his head.

"No, I can't say that."

"yes. It must be Ra's design. I don't know how it led to suicide, but it affected me in some way... ... ."

Suddenly realizing, Lufist turned to Brooks.

"Where is Chagall now?"

At the same time as the question, the screams of the guards were heard from the first floor of the mansion.

Realizing that the screams that rushed in like a local shower stopped in an instant, Brooks, realizing that he was in a rush, ran up the stairs, followed by Lufist.

"Shirone, stop La Enemy."

Venezia said to Shirone who was about to turn around.

"He is the tragedy of humanity. There are very few people who can criticize the case of Ra with the human brain."

It was a difficult job unless it was a moderate car.

"But you are the one who has escaped the bonds of cause and effect. find a way If you don't make it, the world will be headed for ruin."

Nodding briefly, Shirone took Lian up to the first floor.

The case had already been closed, and numerous corpses were scattered on the floor.

Brooks stomped on the ground and spat.

"Damn it. It took less than 3 seconds to kill 23 people."

If the screams were everything, it would not be an exaggeration, and above all, they were strong men who could not be compared to the thieves.

'Is this Chagall's real skill?'

Lian examined the bodies and confirmed that they were the killer's fingerprints.

All of them had been stabbed, and blood was spraying from the holes at higher than normal pressures.

"Is the bleeding condition strange?"

"It's the proprietary paper of the rapid-fire sword."

Rufist leaned against the wall and approached the fallen corpse.

When I slowly put my hand out where the blood was spurting out, I finally saw the translucent blade.

"Is that his weapon?"

"It's the first time I've seen it. As you can see, the weapon Chagall uses is a dagger with dozens of overlapping thin shells. It's a structure where the shell falls out every time you stab it. In this way, even if the muscle tightens the moment the dagger gets stuck, it's easier to put in a series attack because only the kernel comes out leaving the shell behind. However, the fear of this thin-film blade is different."

Rufist stuck out the tip of the sharp shell.

"There is a hole in the tip of the blade. Therefore, enormous bleeding occurs due to the difference in pressure at the moment of penetration. Fatal wounds anywhere. Of course, through schema's ability, some bleeding can be caught, but... ... ."

Rufist threw the shell and pointed at the corpse.

"There is no countermeasure if you get stabbed like this."

Lian looked at the corpse bleeding from dozens of holes.

In particular, three shells were embedded in a triangular shape on the side of the heart.

'The rapid-fire sword Chagall.'

The next time we meet, we'll have to forget about the battle in the canal.

Shirone asked.

"Why did he leave? Is this also Ra's design?"

"Perhaps. Chagall is a headache. A typical psychopath would have been easy to catch, but he's an acquired killer. Just because you follow the methodology of evil doesn't mean you can be called one of the 100 most dangerous people in the world. You must have a thorough philosophy."

"So you're saying that Chagall isn't evil?"

"Of course not."

Rufist nodded meekly.

"He is the evil of evil."

"... ... ."

"Anyway, this has been decided. Radum shuts down."

Brooks said.

"But... ... It is impossible to supply mercenaries right now because the subordinates have been wiped out."

However, it was impossible to use the Magic Association staff.

"Unofficially. That would be the way to deal with Radum."

Having made a decision, Lufist turned to Shirone.

"Shirone, let's make a deal with the Association. If you help me with this, I will consider myself indebted to you."

In terms of skill alone, it was a better decision than the association staff.

"like. What can I help you with?"

Since I was planning to investigate Radum anyway, our interests coincided.

"Form a mercenary force of about 20 people and transfer them to Brooks' side. Everything necessary for that is covered by the association."

As Lufist headed towards the front door, Shirone quickly asked back.

"What kind of people do you pack up with?"

"You are the captain."

Rufist went outside and closed the door.

"You do it yourself."

=======================================
[657] Mercenary Recruitment (1)





Alpheas Magic School.

It's still a long way from spring when the new school year begins.

While most of the teachers left for their home, Bishop Ethella of the Carsis Monastery was busy meditating at the training center.

'A great evil is coming.'

Even without hearing the news about La Enemy, her refined mind was aware of the changes in the world.

'I have to step in.'

Even in the Karsis Monastery, where the country's best seekers gather, Etella had an unrivaled position.

She was a bishop in charge of one of the 12 parishes, and being the immediate successor of the Yin-Yang wave realm passed down from her ancestor, Karsis Jung, was possible because she was a genius that would appear only once in 100 years.

"Bishop, are you inside?"

Etella, a monk and joner, was already aware of a guest coming to her from a kilometer radius away.

"Come on in."

She slowly opened her eyes and greeted the guest with a pretty smile.

"It's been a while, Bishop Lodi."

An old man in his 60s, shorter than Etella, entered the training center with a cane.

It was an old man with a benevolent face, with whitened eyebrows that stretched out like wings.

"You were still at school. You should look around the parish soon."

"Yes. I plan on leaving in a few days. I should have gone to say hello first."

Roddy shook his hand.

"no. I understand that you are busy. You can't be like a lazy old man like me."

There is no end to modesty, so Etella recommended a seat.

"Sit. By the way... ... What are you doing here?"

After the greeting, Roddy's expression darkened as he sat down.

"It is unfortunate news that I do not dare to reveal with my own mouth... ... ."

It was obviously not a good thing, but Ethella calmly waited.

"Archbishop Raphael has passed away."

"Yes?"

The spirit that can maintain boldness in any miserable situation was greatly shaken this time.

"Sorry, but that word... ... ."

"You have been murdered."

Ethella's heart sank with a thump.

"Isn't there something wrong?"

What was the reason for the Archbishop, who oversees the Karsis Monastery, to hold grudge?

Even if there was, Raphael was the successor of Yin-Yang Wave Fist, who taught Ethella the martial arts himself, and he was not a skill that would easily take his life in front of any strong man in the world.

"Even at the Priory, I couldn't believe it at first. As always, I thought you had left the quest. The body was recovered from the central mountain range three months ago."

"why not? So Master... ... ."

Ethella couldn't contain her confused emotions, but Roddy's tone was still calm.

"When we checked the archbishop's autograph, there was only one suspect, Chagall."

"As for Chagall... ... ."

"One of the 100 most dangerous people in the world. According to experts, it is called the Chagall of the rapid-fire sword. In fact, 273 stab wounds were found on the archbishop's body. They said it was the mark of being stabbed at great speed."

Ethella's lips trembled.

"Anyway, that's why the current religious order is trying to schedule the election of the next archbishop... ... ."

"Where are you?"

Ethella stopped talking.

"Where is Chagall now?"

There was no way to tell Etella the news without even checking her identity.

"I heard that he entered Baska not too long ago."

Roddy, who told the truth, looked at Etella, who was gently closing her eyes.

"Bishop Ethella, revenge is nothing but the methodology of evil. The doctrine of the Carcis Monastery, advocated by the archbishop... ... ."

"I know."

Ethella opened her eyes again.

"I am also not in favor of paying murder for murder. It's just that as a disciple, I'm sorry that I didn't even hear Master's final intentions."

You need to meet Chagall.

You have to hear what kind of person he is and why he bothered to murder the archbishop who chose the path of goodness.

"I will go to the capital. Bishop Lodi, please take charge of the Priory."

After seeing Etella's eyes shining with steely determination, Roddy sighed and stood up.

"Please be careful. I am not ignorant of the bishop's skills, but he is a dangerous figure."

Ethella stood up and took the monk's manners.

"Thank you for telling me in person. Take a look."

Even after Roddy left the training center, Etella stood there for a long time, stunned.

"Master."

The benevolent face of Raphael, who had cherished and cared for her since she was a child, lingered in her memory.

"Black... ... ."

Unable to hold back her tears, Ethella ended up on her knees.

"Huh. Black."

A faint cry echoed through the training center.



* * *



A bonfire was burning in the deep forest of the underground mountain range behind the castle.

Sitting on a rock, Chagall looked at the dagger shining in the light.

The dagger pierced the palm of the other hand with a thunk, but the blade did not pierce the back of the hand.

As he slowly pulled out the dagger, the blade that had dug into the handle was revealed by the force of the spring.

A magic sword that cannot harm anyone.

It was the first gift Chagall received after joining the Grass Leaf Circus.

"The moon doesn't rise."

Looking up at the pitch-dark night sky, I suddenly remembered the battle a few months ago.

'It was dark like this even then.'

Margot Raphael, Archbishop of the Order of Carcis.

He was so strong that even he, who had killed numerous powerful enemies, could not guarantee his life.



-Wherever you go, the way back is behind you.



The words he uttered during the battle somehow became a will, but oddly enough, it didn't leave his mind.

Perhaps it was because his words reminded me of a precious person who remained in my memory.

"Captain."

It was 25 years ago, when Chagall was seven years old.

Abandoned as a baby without knowing who his parents were, he realized that he was different from others when he grew up.

nostalgia for the case.

It is presumed that it is an extreme development of olfactory cognition that has been developed since the blind fetus, but at the time, it was just dismissed as being able to remember something better than others.

That's why Chagall was able to accurately recognize the person even when the grassy circus troupe performing in the Marchen kingdom came after two years.

"Are you performing from today?"

While the members were building tents in the meadow, the circus leader Raiden, who was cutting apples far away, realized that a dirty little boy like a wild dog was standing next to him.

Raiden's appearance with a hollow cow's hair was so ridiculous that he didn't even have to dress up as a clown.

"Well. Wouldn't it be possible to perform a performance only when a few people gather?"

When Chagall hesitated to lead the conversation any longer, Raiden, who understood the child's heart, asked.

"Do you want to see the circus?"

Chagall shook his head.

"then?"

Chagall, who slowly stepped back, suddenly kicked off the ground and tumbled with agility.

"Hoo?"

For a kid, he was definitely an excellent motorist.

"I want to join the circus too. I don't need money. As long as you let me eat."

Raiden, guessing Chagall's life, made a pitiful expression.

However, it was difficult to join the team just by tumbling.

It was a fact that Chagall's age, Tia, who mastered not only free acrobatics but also unicycle, ball rolling, and tightrope walking could tell.

"I'm sorry, but it's something that needs to be discussed with the members. It's glamorous to look at, but it's a very dangerous job."

Chagall did not give up.

"It doesn't matter if I die. You die today, you die tomorrow, it's just the same."

Raiden, who watched the tears flow down his chin, motioned for him to come and held out the dagger he had been slicing the apple into.

"If you're tired of living like that, I'll take your breath away."

It was later to find out that Raiden's eyes revealed at that moment belonged to a perfect professional.

"... ... stab I am not afraid of dying."

Raiden, who was coldly glaring at the shivering child's body, pierced his heart with a lightning-like motion.

"Kuk!"

A rough breath came out, but Chagall never moved.

Raiden, watching as he clenched his fists and held on, finally smiled and pulled out the dagger.

As the blade pushed out with the sound of a spring, Chagall, whose legs were weak, collapsed.

"What, what?"

"Are you surprised? It is a magic knife."

"Magic?"

Raiden demonstrated by pressing the tip of the blade with his finger.

"This is how the blade goes in. But to trick the eye requires quick hand movements. I mean like this."

I held it in reverse and poked it into my forearm, making the sound of the wind as the blade moved in and out quickly.

"how? Do you really feel like being stabbed?"

In front of Chagall's blank stare, Raiden held out the handle of his dagger.

"Always practice. The point is to stab quickly."

Chagall's head flashed.

"Then will I become a circus troupe too?"

"Let's call it a trainee. The show starts tomorrow, so go to the city with Tia and hand out the flyers."

"Tia?"

Raiden chuckled.

"There is a stubborn girl like you. Get along. It probably hurts a bit."

Chagall, who joined the Circus of Grass, learned numerous techniques from Leiden and mastered most of the circus tricks by the age of fourteen.

"Tia! Come out soon! We need to hand out flyers!"

"Wait! You don't have to wear makeup!"

After dressing up as a clown, Tia came out of the tent wearing a short skirt.

They had been together since they were seven years old and were like siblings, but Tia now looked different in the eyes of Chagall, who had entered puberty.

Hiding his feelings, he pointed at Tia and smiled.

"Puhaha! The runny nose looks so real! What is it, is it really real?"

"shut up! This is how kids like it!"

Shouldn't the parents bring them to the performance only to win the favor of the children?

"Is it that strange? Should I just delete it?"

"No, it's not strange. It's natural for a fool to dress up as a fool."

"Are you really going to die?"

Tia chased after her, but it was impossible to catch up with Chagall after the secondary sexual characteristics began.

"Aww! An idiot is after you!"

In fact, Chagall liked Tia's make-up.

Due to the nature of her job, Tia has to be the main character of adults' sly eyes.

Every time that happens, I want to chase after her and punch her, but at least I can endure it because no one knows Tia's bare face.

"Hey, hey! bark! bark!"

I'm sorry! I'm sorry!

The two of them, playing hide and seek, stopped when they heard a sound coming from the tent on the other side.

"what?"

Turning around the tent to check, three boys from the city were throwing stones at the dogs guarding the grassy circus tent.

"die! Eight! Eight!"

Chagall groaned.

"Hey! What are you guys doing! Stop right now!"

"huh! Who are you telling people what to do about the circus? Don't you know that my dad gave me a performance permit?"

"Why would a dad, whoever, touch a dog that is sitting still? Do you really want to be scolded?"

When Chagall, who was one head taller than their peers, threatened them, the boys flinched, but were not more afraid.

"You think someone like you can scold us? Hey Piero! I'll go look for panties later!"

Chagall's eyes widened.

"These children... ... !"

But before he could throw himself, Raiden approached the boys and gave them a cold look.

"Ugh!"

In front of the cold eyes that even beasts have tamed, even those who have nothing to fear in the world felt numb.

"Go back. The show hasn't started yet."

As the boys who had been paying attention turned around and disappeared, Chagall, who was still angry, argued.

"Captain! Why are you just sending it? Guys like that need to be seen."

"You are still young. It would be okay if I could forgive you for once."

"Are you young? The buds are yellow."

"haha! It may be, but it may not be. How would you feel if someone said that because of your mistake?"

"does not matter. Because I don't make mistakes."

Raiden touched Chagall's head.

"Chagall, all humans make mistakes. A lot of mistakes he didn't even know about. Still, what can you think of... ... ."

Raiden, who was half bent on his knees, spoke at eye level.

"Isn't it because someone has already forgiven you?"

A smile appeared on Tia's clown face as she looked at Chagall, who was lost in thought with a blank expression.



- Because someone has already forgiven.



The words that Leiden conveyed could have remained as faith in Chagall's heart forever.

Until I met La Enemy.

=======================================
[658] Mercenary Recruitment (2)





"Captain, you are wrong."

Chagall, who escaped from the flashback, chanted toward the night sky.

He is an acquired murderer.

Maybe that's why today, the starless sky looked even sadder.

When his hand, which had put down the magic knife, brushed up his body, a new, sharpened dagger was clutched before he knew it.

A unique weapon of a rapid-fire sword with 23 blades overlapping in the form of a shell.

La Enemy's face shimmered like an illusion in his eyes as he gazed at the tree ten meters away.

As he swung his arm vertically, one of the dagger's shells dislodged and lodged into the tree with a thump.

It was exactly the point between the eyebrows of La Enemie.

When he raised his swinging arm again, another shell popped out and went right into the shell embedded in the tree.

puck! puck! puck! puck!

The blade flew away with each swing of the hand, and finally the arm began to reciprocate beyond sight.

Pupper puck! Pupper puck!

The blades fired with rapid fire overlapped in the same spot, shaking the tree, and when Chagall, who had fired all 22 blades, threw the dagger for the last time, it pierced the trunk with a popping sound.

The combined dagger fell to the floor just like when it was first thrown, and the tree that pierced through the center fell sideways with a twisting sound.

"The captain said you were wrong."

Chagall is an acquired murderer.

And he was the evil of evil.



* * *



the next morning.

After leaving the inn, Shirone took the request form with Brooks' seal and entered the street where guilds were concentrated.

Since morning, countless people have been coming and going, and all of them are experts who have honed their special skills.

"It is also the capital. It cannot be compared to local guilds."

Wizards, swordsmen, travelers, alchemists, blacksmiths, and many other guild headquarters were raising the number of floors as if they were competing.

"It's a good thing for us. Because I don't have a lot of time."

Even if it took a month to save the 20 mercenaries that Rufist requested, one by one, it wasn't enough.

"The word ¡®take care of yourself' means to match the number of people, but if possible, I want to organize it with the elite."

Radum, who had not been able to use his hands even in the kingdom, was a mission that could not guarantee his life.

Even in the worst situation, the cut-off for the mercenaries was to a level where one body could remain healthy.

"Once you've been commissioned, you have to finish it."

Shirone and Lian headed to the Silverling Guild's head office didn't talk as if they had promised.

Someone was tailing them.

Traveling through numerous dangerous areas and overcoming life and death over and over again, human nerves become as sensitive as cats.

Lian recognized several disparate gazes among the many gazes, and confirmed the existence of the follower, with Shirone invoking Elysion maintaining a certain distance and matching speed.

"Who is it?"

"Well. If the rumors of subduing the thieves spread, it could be anyone."

Lian didn't disturb his movements, only turned his gaze to the side.

"Should I catch it?"

"no. I'm not going to take action in a crowded place. Neither do we. There's an Ultima system anyway, so there's no surprise."

Elysion had no boundaries in the Spirit Zone, so even if the opponent was Joner, he wouldn't have noticed.

With uneasy eyes tied to their tails, the two arrived at the head office of the Silverling Guild and looked up at the top of the six-story building.

It wasn't comparable to the Magic Association, but it had an overwhelming taste, befitting the 3 major guilds of the kingdom.

"Let's go in."

As Shirone was walking towards the entrance, Lian's eyebrows twitched and her head jerked.

'come!'

Two people, their faces covered with hoods, were running through the crowd.

'Could it be here?'

In an unexpected situation, Shirone was on alert and Lian grabbed the handle of the great sword, but two followers shouted while rummaging in their arms.

"Now! Start!"

'Sheesh! Is it an assassination tool?'

With the intention of slashing it before taking it out, the guild door burst open at the same time as Lian pulled out the great sword.

"welcome! A new member of the Silverling Guild!"

A beautiful manager from the guild knelt down on one knee and held out a bouquet of flowers, while two stout men quickly scattered left and right to spread a banner.

While Shirone made an absurd expression after confirming the phrase 'Arian Shirone Silverling Guild Ceremony', those who followed them took out paper firecrackers and set them off.

There was a popping sound and the colorful paper flew, and Lian's great straight sword stopped before slicing through the torso of the two.

"Hee!"

The hood came off as the wizard, who realized it belatedly, thumped his ass on the floor.

It was a young face.

A girl of the same age who had been following him hurriedly helped him.

"It's fine?"

"yes? Ahaha! of course! My foot slipped!"

It was a surprise welcome, but Shirone's sword, Lian, was only displeased.

"What are you?"

The boy got up and shook Lian's hand.

"You are surprised. Sorry. My name is Tyler, a wizard from the Silverling Guild."

"I'm Elsa."

Following Tyler, Elsa smiled brightly and bowed her head, but her nerves, which were already on edge, did not calm down easily.

"Shirone, let's go inside. No fuss."

"yes."

Shirone crossed the guild's threshold without showing emotion.

There were well over 20 people sitting at their tables, and all of them were keen in their prayers.

It was unknown how many public figures were mixed, but it was like a group of people who had crossed the line.

"now! I am Arian Shirone, a rookie who miraculously appeared in the Silver Ring Guild!"

When Michela, the manager of the Silverling Guild headquarters, induced cheers, applause was heard from several tables.

From the guild's point of view, Shirone is a great fish that cannot be taken away by anyone, but to them, it was like a good competitor, so there was no soul in the claps of their hands.

"You are doing too much. Jealousy among guild members is not good."

The wizards looked back nervously at the sound they heard from the stairs.

A long-haired man wearing a bat-like black robe with flames embroidered on the hem was walking down.

It was Master Arkman of the Silverling Guild.

"Master, before talking about jealousy, shouldn't we be fair?"

The hairy giant, never seen as a wizard, grumbled.

A message had already come from the Kentra branch, and the information about the destruction of the five thieves had also arrived at dawn through Austin. It wasn't only

"Yes! Let's say you admit your skills! But how long do you think a mage who has even been nominated for the Ivory Tower will be in our guild? In the end, they only beat betrayal or incite trouble!"

Trust is something that can only be done on an equal footing.

As for the relationship between the guild and Shirone, the guild had nothing to give to Shirone and had too much to gain.

"Hey, Rookie! answer me! Can you really do your best for the Silverling Guild? Can you fight with a sense of belonging and responsibility?"

The hairy boy pointed and shouted.

If you were a guild level veteran, you would be a distant senior to the rookie, but some wizards noticed Shirone.

Shirone did not intend to stay in the guild for long, and as the silence continued, the hairy hair hit the table.

"Look at that! You can't say anything! It's just a funny show! I can't accept it."

Ackman called the hairy boy to pack his things and leave.

"Con, today is a place to welcome new students. As a senior, it is polite to keep your seat."

"huh! What is courtesy! Soon anyway... ... ."

"Shut up and sit down."

Kon shook his shoulders at the blatant killing, then quietly returned to his seat and sat down.

'It's stupid.'

How could the guild master not know that Shirone could not be captured?

'If we send Shirone like this... ... .'

The rival guilds War Wagon and Blood Rose will try to capture Shirone by any means necessary.

The war wagons are warlike, so they are pushed out of power, and the Blood Roses, which are mostly female wizards, are excellent at beauty.

What Silver Ring could put forward was financial power, but at the level of an ivory tower candidate, there was a sense of being pushed behind.

"sorry. I apologize for the rudeness of the guild members."

"Nope. it's okay It is not wrong."

Ackman nodded at his candid remark and called Shirone to a place where everyone could see.

"Okay then, let's start the welcome ceremony."

While each of his emotions intersected, he knelt in front of Shirone and bowed his head.

"Please become the new master of the Silver Ring Guild."

Conn's eyes widened.

"master! why?"

In an incident that broke common sense, the guild members finally realized the seriousness of the situation and became agitated.

Who is Arkman?

He was the pride of the Silverling Guild, who had risen to the unofficial 4th level as a flame mage, and was a person recognized by the wizarding community just by name.

The only person in the guild who knew Aakman's true intentions was manager Michela.

'With the utmost courtesy. That's the primary strategy.'

Even if you are an ivory tower candidate, you cannot adjust your rookie grade at the discretion of the master.

The only way is to be promoted to master.

Of course, this was the first time in the history of the guild, so the effect would be excellent.

'If you accept that you will become a master, you just have to go through the verification process. If you don't accept... ... .'

Con asked again.

"Master, are you serious? It is unprecedented."

"There is no precedent for an ivory tower candidate to join."

With that, all objections are gone.

However, all Shirone wanted was to cooperate with the guild and quickly build a 20-member mercenary.

"I don't like it."

There was life in the eyes of the guild members.

The reason he desperately climbs from rookie to senior to veteran is because he dreams of becoming a guild master.

It is not an opportunity given to everyone, but the dream of such success was the driving force for their lives.

'Is it not worth worrying about?'

If it was Shirone, he would receive the same offer even if he went to another guild, so he had the possibility of refusal in mind, but it was honestly shocking that he responded immediately.

"Then what about notarization? I will not join any other wizard guild within the kingdom of Tormia."

Calculatedly, there was no reason why Shirone should accept it.

"I don't want to."

"You fucking bastard! You're going to betray me after all!"

Ackman reached out to dry the guild members, and stood up and spoke to the manager.

"Mikela, turn off the magic control device."

If he couldn't catch it no matter what, it would be natural to give up, but he still had things to check.

"Shirone, Yugi has turned the tide, but there is a point that as a guild master cannot yield. Even if it's a simple choice for you, it's life for us. If you go to another guild, dozens of guild members will suffer enormous losses. It just needs to be notarized."

"I don't want to compromise more than trust. There will be no resignation without a specific reason. However, notary or master positions are not accepted. That's all I can offer."

When Aarkman sent a signal, Michela swallowed and lowered the magic control switch.

'Qualification to receive the title of a star.'

Could it be that Aakman did not dream of the highest honor of a wizard?

'To a boy only twenty years old... ... .'

Besides the problem of feeding the guild members, there was something burning in his heart.

It was a personal aspiration, a once-in-a-lifetime challenge for someone who had risen to an unofficial 4th level wizard.

'I want to know, what kind of difference there is.'

As Aarkman opened the spirit zone, the flame embroidered on the hem of the robe swayed as if it were alive.

'Mado Arms. Is it an option for fire magic?'

It was clear that it would not be a commonly available equipment if it was used by the Master of the 3 guilds.

"Shirone, shall I?"

"no it's okay."

Ackman, whose pride was wounded by the conversation between the two, raised flames from under his feet.

"Then, despite the rudeness... ... ."

"Master, you can't really do it here... ... ."

Before Kon could finish his words, the Hellfire that was wrapped around the Ark flew forward.

"You did it!"

Surprised, the guild members ducked under the table, and the guild's main gate exploded with a bang along with the wall.

=======================================
[659] Mercenary Recruitment (3)





People passing by in the street fell flat on the ground as huge flames burst out of the building of the Silverling Headquarters.

"damn! what's the matter?"

The people hit by the brick shrapnel frowned and threw themselves away.

If there had been an explosion in another place, it would have been a mess, but since it was an area where guilds were gathered, the disturbance was not as great as expected.

There were cases where armed conflicts occurred due to quarrels between forces, and that is why people quickly evacuated and did not intend to take any special measures.

On the other hand, the inside of the guild was a mess.

While the smell of burning wood and stones lingered, the guild members came out one by one from under the table to check the results.

"Uh-oh... ... !"

Hellfire's mighty firepower pushed all objects within a radius of 10 meters to the outside, and Lian had already flung himself into the corner.

Only Shirone stood in the place where the fire had passed.

Since no one was watching the moment of the explosion, it was impossible to tell whether it was dodged or blocked.

'Is it using the principle of light?'

Aakman recalled the information he had read to greet Shirone.

I can't even guess how this is possible, but rumors are circulating that I even cheated 2,000 times with my ability to manipulate time in the graduation exam.

'Is this a gift from God?'

As an unofficial 4th-class wizard, he was confident that he would not be easily defeated by anyone, but the resentment of having been compared with the talent of a certified wizard for the rest of his life was still not washed away.

"It is dangerous. Is it really necessary to do this?"

Judging from the power of Hellfire, it was cast to die.

"It's a rookie-like idea. this is not a school All verifications conducted in the guild are real battles."

"Why are you validating me?"

Aakman did not hide his feelings any longer.

"Because I don't understand. Probably the other guild members as well."

Aakman took out a red crystal ball with trapped flames from his bosom.

"Isn't the reason you're not giving up because you have something the guild needs? If you refuse to be notarized or master, prove your skills. Then I'll give you what you want."

Shirone's eyes finally became serious.

At the same time as Aakman's offensive spirit zone stabbed like dozens of spears, Shirone cast teleportation.

It was extremely dangerous to teleport between the complex structures inside the building, but at the level of the two, it was a restriction that they didn't have to worry about anymore.

'It's quite the way.'

Shirone's movement was certainly excellent, but Aakman's management could not be ignored either.

"Shall we start in earnest?"

As Arkman lifted his two legs back as if luring Shirone, the light chip on the back door fell off and the door opened wide.

When Shirone arrived at the vacant lot behind the building, Arkman was waiting ready for battle.

"A robe of fire and a prison of fire."

Aakman held out a crystal ball and explained the magic weapon.

"The robe of flame raises 200% of flame-type magical power. And this crystal ball... ... ."

A whirlpool of flames swirled around Aakman, and a 4-meter-long snake made of fire at 1,000 degrees Celsius flicked its tongue of flame and looked down at Shirone.

"It traps the spirit of fire in its form."

Aakman's Fire Snake rushed at Shirone and swelled his body.

The flames, which had grown more than four times in size, attacked Shirone, and the second and third flames rushed in, enveloping the place where Shirone was.

All the guild members arrived at the clearing and watched the battle as twelve snakes chased Shirone through the function of the crystal ball.

It wasn't a particularly complicated battery, but the Fire Strike's firepower, which was demonstrated through unofficial 4th-level mental power, was terrifying, and even if it borrowed the power of magic weapons, the ability to freely manipulate 12 flames was definitely excellent.

'This is an unofficial level 4 skill.'

In terms of numerical abilities alone, it exceeds the flu of a similar fighting style.

Also, in terms of experience, there was definitely a part that overwhelms Shirone.

'The function itself is simple. But it's fast and accurate.'

If firepower and speed were supported, there would be no more effective magic to set someone on fire.

When it became clear that Shirone was on the defensive, the guild members cheered as if they had waited.

"As expected, Master! You're acting like an ivory tower candidate, so you're at a loss, aren't you?"

"Annihilation of bandits? That's something even a Master can do!"

Like Aakman, the guild members seemed to have doubts about their qualifications, but they weren't wrong, so Lian just kept silent.

'You're a wizard who focuses on one skill. If we don't find a special solution, the thieves' level won't be able to handle it.'

Con shouted at Lian as if he had won.

"hey! How about drying it now? If you do this, your friend might become a whole roast."

Lian snorted.

Ackman acknowledged that he was an excellent wizard, but considering Shirone's inaction he saw in the graduation exam, there was something else that bothered him.

"It is definitely different from school. It must be difficult, Shirone."

Con, not understanding Lian's true intentions, burst into laughter.

"Did you know that now? Even now... ... ."

"Because it's not two thousand times."

"yes?"

Lian turned to Con.

"I'm looking for a way to win without killing you."

It was an absurd statement from the listener's point of view, but Aakman felt Lian's words with his skin.

'Why aren't they attacking?'

Five minutes had already passed since the battle started, but Shirone hadn't cast any attack magic.

'It's a headache.'

Although Shirone devised many strategies, none of the magic she possessed was a skill that could not avoid fatal wounds.

However, it is not an opponent that can be subdued with auxiliary magic such as Shining Impact or Shining Chain.

'I won't be this tired.'

If there was no point in wasting time, there was no choice but to push it out with firepower.

'decided!'

Although he did not reveal his thoughts, Aakman's empirical intuition sensed the change in Shirone.

'Is it a start? Come and see.'

Just before the 12 snakes completely cut off the bow, Shirone jumped out through the flames.

'That's it again.'

Although the 1 second of the past and the future is expanded into reality, the riot of fire is not a perfect avoidance in that it cannot control events that are earlier than 1 second in the past or 1 second later in the future.

'It has to end here.'

Shirone, who erased all her thoughts and jumped into the sky, cast a photon cannon.

I could feel the power just by the concave depression of the place Aarkman avoided.

'Yes, but if it doesn't fit, that's fine.'

While manipulating the Fire Snake, avoid the opponent's attack with excellent evasion skills.

A single attack did not work for Aakman, who had won numerous victories with this tactic.

"then... ... ."

Shirone gritted his teeth and fired the photon cannon continuously.

'Can I avoid this too?'

As the flash of light rushed in like a beam of light, Arkman moved flexibly like a mudfish and took a big detour around the clearing.

Meanwhile, Fire Strike flew up into the sky and continued to torment Shirone endlessly.

'Was it only this much?'

Ackman's pride was restored to the fact that he was no different from the wizards he had dealt with so far.

'No, it's definitely a good lumber. so that... ... .'

The institution called the ivory tower was just a reputation.

'I am strong!'

Aakman's eyes flashed open, and twelve snakes attacked Shirone at the same time.



Quantum Super Position - 300 stacks.



And the number of the pouring flashes increased so much that even Spirit Zone's synesthesia could not be counted.

"what... ... !"

People closed their eyes tightly at the roar that shook the earth, and vibrations like an earthquake came through the ground.

Only Lian watched with one eye closed in the flash of light.

'As expected, the solution is a firepower demonstration.'

It was clear that the power was controlled, but the number of photon cannons fired by 300 Shirones aroused fear just by looking at them.

"Oh, Master... ... ."

In the clear reality, the photon cannon pounded the ground and the rising dust covered Ackman.

'Can I avoid this?'

Although he was pouring magic without being harsh, Elysion was accurately capturing the location of Aakman.

The physical impact was instant death, so even a single photon cannon did not reach Aakman's body.

'It kills the spirit!'

As the roar of the battering, which he thought could not be faster, accelerated even more, even the shouts of the guild members were buried.

It was only when the number of Fire Snakes began to decrease that they noticed the change, as they were stomping around in a situation where they could not even approach.

7 pieces. 6 pieces.

The fact that the snakes of flame that had been roaming the air as if they had lost their sight were disappearing one by one meant that Aakman's mind was being consumed by fear.

"Great!"

Aakman had no choice but to crouch in the dust, unable to see an inch ahead.

My eardrums seemed to burst at the roar I heard from close by, and the vibrations of the ground were transmitted through my bones.

I couldn't even tell if I was buried in the ground because my nerves were jumbled up, or if my body had already been smashed.

I feel like a bug trapped in a barrel that someone shakes like crazy.

"It decreases."

Lian counted the number of fire snakes.

Three. Two, finally, even the last remaining snake disappeared in a blur.

The Spirit Zone was broken by the psychological shock.

Although Shirone stopped bombing, it was not long before the guild members suffering from tinnitus realized the fact.

Huge dust blown away by the wind fell like blood while floating like a cloud and covered other buildings.

"this... ... what?"

Everyone trembled at the frightening sight.

An endless pit was dug in the center of the clearing, and only Ark was crouching on the narrow ground as if a single pillar had been erected.

Landing 20 meters away from him, Shirone sighed.

'I'm quite tired.'

If it was an angel's punishment, it would have been a scene that would have been created in an instant, but this time, it was a situation where there was no choice but to fight with restrictions on oneself.

"master! it's okay?"

Manager Michela shouted, but Aakman, who was deaf, was still motionless.

However, like an unofficial 4th class wizard, his mental recovery was quite fast, and when he finally stopped feeling the vibrations, he slowly raised his head.

Aakman's face, which had been mesmerized by the grotesque sight, gradually turned into sadness.

'I see. A star is... ... .'

It is not about competing for superiority on a human level.

'There is no comparison target itself.'

It wasn't a matter of who was faster or who was stronger, it was a matter of three arms, five eyes, or wings.

"I lost."

It was Shirone, not herself, who was worthy of being an ivory tower candidate.

"The guild said it wanted something. We will cooperate unconditionally."

Still, because he had face, Aakman cast fly magic and jumped over the pit even when his legs were shaking.

"There is one thing I want to ask the guild for."

Since Rufist's instructions hadn't even started yet, I was about to start with the main topic, but I heard applause from the building.

"Ho-ho-ho! It was a great match. It seems that the 10-year-old congestion is alleviating."

The impressions of the guild members looking back toward the back gate were crumpled at once.

"Why are those unlucky things here?"

The two masters of the Kingdom's three major wizard guilds, War Wagon and Blood Rose, stood laughing.

=======================================
[660] Mercenary Recruitment (4)





The War Wagon Guild's master Jordyk arrogantly raised his chin and approached Aakman.

He had a serious look in his mid-50s, and was wearing a brown robe with embroidered carp wrapped around his body.

"The Silverling Guild is also out of date. Well, since these guys run only for money, their skills have to run."

Ackman's eyes widened, but it was miserable when he opened his mouth from the position that showed that he had lost miserably.

"Ho-ho-ho! So, to run a guild, you must have faith. Guild members can't last long with the thought of multiplying them."

As if this was an opportunity, Master Yvian of Blood Rose fired a supporting shot.

Instead of a robe, it was a woman in her mid-thirties wearing a tight-fitting top that exposed her breastbone, a short skirt, and a blood-red cloak.

"Isn't there such a thing? Let go of the birds you cannot hold. It has been proven here that silver rings are not qualified to accept ivory tower candidates as guild members."

He was offended by the miserable words of those who seemed to be his enemies, but he had something to say to Aakman as well.

"So you're saying it's possible? I'll give it up for once, so why don't we prove it here?"

The two of them's mouths were shut together.

They also watched the battle, so there was no disagreement about the fact that they couldn't hold Shirone with their skills.

When the conversation was cut off, Shirone asked what he was curious about.

"But who are you?"

Yvian bowed slightly on his knees.

"hello. I am Yvian, the master of Blood Rose, the strongest guild in the kingdom."

"Aha."

As expected, they were masters of competing guilds.

"Then this one?"

When Shirone turned to the sideburned man, he held out his hand.

"I am Yordic, the master of the war wagon. Even a rookie must have heard of my name."

I had never heard of it, and as a Silverling guild member, I never made the mistake of shaking hands with the master of a rival guild.

"Hmmmm!"

While Jordyk withdrew his hand in displeasure, Yvian opted for a friendly strategy.

"The confrontation a moment ago must have been a master verification process, without question. However, Blood Rose will not put any conditions on you. So please stop by our guild as well."

It was a strategy to eat half if I couldn't have it all.

When it came out like that, it was Yordyk who suffered a loss.

Being a man of war and holding supremacy through the logic of power, he had no intention of handing over the position of master to Shirone.

"gibberish! Wasn't it an unwritten rule to forbid duplicate registrations between competing guilds? I'd rather go to war now. Let's choose the strongest of the three guilds."

It was not Shirone's problem, but the point was that the balance of power was disrupted by Shirone intervening.

In that respect, Shirone also felt sorry for the 3 major guilds, but there was no need to take responsibility.

'It's better. I can cut the time down a bit.'

Just as the masters thought about the guild's position, Shirone focused only on her own mission.

"How about doing this?"

When Shirone opened her mouth, all three masters paid attention.

"Actually, I'm thinking of organizing a private mercenary."

Yvian said, showing his anger.

"If that is the case, leave it to me. There are many talented wizards in the Blood Rose Guild."

"Nope. no one will take it It could cost you your life."

The Radum investigation is confidential, but it was good to properly convey the level of difficulty.

Jordyk, who finally found an opportunity to intervene, actively stepped forward.

"If you're afraid of dying, you can't last long on this floor. Danger doesn't matter to the guildmates of the war wagon. This is what really matters."

Jordyk rubbed his fingers and asked for a reward, but Shirone still hadn't set a clear standard.

Even if Lufist had entrusted him with full authority, it was ambiguous to determine the proper line unless he could grasp the situation of the guild.

"Um, so... ... ."

"10,000 gold."

Then, again, a voice came from the building.

"uh? Aria?"

Shirone made a surprised expression at the appearance of an unexpected person, but Aria calmly approached as if she had promised.

"Hello Shirone?"

"What are you doing here?"

"I told you then, see you next time."

Jordanik asked.

"I don't know who it is, but 10,000 gold? Is that the commission fee for this job?"

For the guild members who risked their lives even for 100 gold, it was like raining gold from the sky.

"Wrong. To be precise, it's 10,000 gold per person."

Not only the Masters, but even the Silverling Guild members were agitated, but from Shirone's point of view, it was embarrassing.

"Aria-san, what the hell is this... ... ."

"Do not worry about it. I already finished talking to the VIP."

It wouldn't matter as long as I had Luffist's permission, but why it was an aria was still a mystery.

Aria spoke as if she had read Shirone's thoughts.

"I heard from my lover. Are you building a mercenary army? I decided to join too. There will be something I can help you with."

Shirone immediately refused.

"It's too dangerous. You could die. Arya-san doesn't even have combat skills."

"What are you talking about? After all, he's a full-time diplomat. that I can save my life. Wanna see?"

Arya used the self-defense technique she learned in the royal castle.

"synthesis! synthesis!"

The thrusting and kicking were somewhat clumsy, but I turned my head to Lian because I wasn't the type to judge things I didn't know.

"It's gone. You won't catch a single dog."

At Lian's judgment, Arya stuck out her tongue and said.

"Hehe, did you hear? I practiced yesterday. But don't worry. I have prepared the number of trumps in my own way."

"Why do you want to go this far?"

The smile faded from Arya's face.

"Because it is my job. Just as you work hard in the position of a wizard, I am just doing my job."

Although Radum is under the jurisdiction of the internal government, the risk of leaks was high to attract personnel there.

Besides, since Radum was an extraterritorial area, there were many things Arya could do, and above all, Lufist liked that she was the lowest.

Arya hugged Shirone by the arm and clung to him.

"And you will protect me, so what are you worried about? If you can be protected by Shirone, you won't be afraid of hell."

After the Gold City terror incident, she had been searching for rumors about Shirone, and had even gathered information that she was the kingdom's best talent, nominated for the Ivory Tower.

Remembering Brooks' face, Shirone hurriedly withdrew her hand and grumbled.

"If you're attacking with the thought that you'll protect me, stop now. knowing what would happen... ... ."

"Hehe, it's because I said don't worry."

Arya, who had already made a plan, looked back at the master of the 3 major guilds and said.

"I ask all of Silverling, War Wagon, and Blood Rose. As of this time, we will organize the Shirone Mercenary Corps and recruit members. The method is 1st open test, 2nd closed test. It's a confidential mission, and the reward is 10,000 gold. You will pay 3,000 gold in advance as a down payment. Please spread it as quickly as possible through the guild network. We will hold the first public test here in a week."

No Master objected, and he was even thinking of directly participating in the first public test.

This is because the balance of power will be rearranged depending on how many people pass through your guild rather than moving based on money.

"great. I say so."

As the masters went outside, Shirone grabbed Arya by the wrist and led her to a corner.

"Isn't that making things too big? It's a classified mission."

"That's why I'm raising it."

"What do you mean?"

"Did you really think the VIP would only entrust it to you? Through this test, we will send applicants there as well. On the contrary, I will seek out those whose identity is unknown through document screening and interviews."

"Hmm."

Arya's responsibility was heavy.

'Well, that's why the association can't even move.'

Aria put her hand on Shirone's shoulder.

"Using the guild was the right decision. Unless it's around 10,000 gold, talented people won't gather. Even so... ... The placenta will die."

Knowing this, Aria's boldness in taking on this task was not common.

"I know. I will do my best to protect Aria. But... ... I can't be sure."

"That's enough. Don't try to take on too much responsibility. It is a decision made by each individual. You don't have to worry about whether they live or die. Including me."

It was a statement worthy of an executive at the royal castle, and I felt that I had finally graduated from magic school.

"Yes. Please take good care of me."



* * *



During the week waiting for the test, Shirone and Lian were briefed by Arya in the hideout of Brooks Mansion, with all channels connected to the outside world blocked.

I was educated on the estimated population of sub-species, each race, and characteristics, and I also kept the complicated path of Radum in my head.

"When you enter Radum, high-level concealment facilities will be disrupting the structure. So, just use the map as a reference."

When teaching Shirone, Aria was an undisputed professional, but after the work was over, she undoubtedly sent a flirtation.

For Shirone, refusal was the most difficult thing of the day.

"If you change your mind, tell me anytime. I won't eat it, so don't be pressured."

Seeing that he went to enjoy a tryst with Brooks again after saying that, it was clear that he had a different value in life.

Even Brooks, the flirt of the world, was getting a bit obsessed with Aria now, and that's why his gaze at Shirone wasn't always pretty.

"It is finally today. Let's go."

When the test day arrived, the three of them left Brooks' mansion early in the morning and headed for the Silverling Guild.

The ground collapsed by the firing of the Photon Cannon had been restored before anyone knew it, and on the other hand, a table prepared for the public test was placed.

By the time the sun rose, all the test takers who had been staying at Basuka had gathered and the inside of the guild was filled with people.

The total number of applicants was 273, and they were wearing badges with numbered tags in the order they were received.

"ruler! Then, let's begin the entrance test for the Shirone Mercenary Corps! The first is an open test, which will evaluate your basic skills. Please do your best with what you have and show your ability."

Arya put on her glasses as she entered the vacant lot in turn, starting with number 1.

Her role was to review the documents, and Shirone was responsible for magic, and Lian was responsible for physical combat power.

Since it was an open test, we focused on the basics rather than individuality, but in terms of wizards, it was a spirit zone, and swordsmen and martial artists showed a demonstration of their mastery skills for about a minute.

Arya whispered to Shirone sitting in the center.

"Excluding the three of us and considering the helpers sent by the VIP, the number of people we can finally pass is around 13 to 15. It's about three times the number of successful applicants in the second round, so we have to drop out more than 200 people in the first round."

Shirone, who had reached a rough standard, nodded.

'200 people. Isn't that too much?'

But that thought went away once the public test started.

There were a lot of people who stared at 10,000 gold, but when they were taken to Radum, there were many people who fell short of the standard and died without trying anything.

"Taha! Taha!"

Even as a muscular man holding two hammers in both hands swung his arms above his head and showed off his skills, Lian was calm.

'I can't. The strength is good, but the technique is too poor. If you do that, you will die.'

Lian, who checked the disqualified box of document number 27, handed it over to Aria.

'Hmm, 27 people have passed, but not a single person has come out yet.'

Just when I started to get a little worried, numbers 28 and 29 came in at the same time.

Arya looked at the papers first and raised her head with her eyes shining.

'It's a helper.'

When the signal that it was a greeting from the association was sent, Shirone also watched closely.

It was a combination of a man and a woman wearing plain black masks, and the atmosphere was unusual.

"Hello, this is Candidate 28."

"It's number 29."

As the men and women bowed their heads in turn and greeted each other, Shirone's eyes narrowed slightly.

"Yes... ... hello."

It was the voice of the Magic Association Luffist and Chief Secretary Jane.

=======================================
[661] Mercenary Recruitment (5)





'I've been aiming for this from the beginning.'

Another tactic of Lufist is to have Shirone form a mercenary corps and participate as a member of the mercenary corps.

Right now, when the association was unavailable, the best choice was a small number of elites, and in that case, it was the right choice for the head of the association, the strongest, to step forward.

'Sometimes they say I'm the captain.'

Although he was hit in the back of the head, it was a good thing that his helpers were strong, so Shirone passed on without noticing.

"Uh, then... ... ."

Examining the documents, it was written that the name was not disclosed and that the main specialty was espionage and assassination missions.

'I decided to eliminate the unknown, but... ... .'

Arya is the document reviewer, so there's no such thing.

He probably calculated this far and included her in this operation.

"I will test it first. Both of you are sorcerers, shall we see the Spirit Zone?"

"I will do it first."

Number 28, a man presumed to be Lufist, stepped forward.

When Shirone gulped at the tension of evaluating the spirit zone of a certified first-class archmage, a tremendous killing spree came through her synesthesia.

'It's a surprise!'

Offensive Spirit Zone spews thorns in all directions, but all the thorns were currently focused on Shirone.

In a situation where he had no choice but to pass even if he danced, when he seriously showed his skills, he was slightly embarrassed.

'Am I going to get eliminated?'

At that time, Lufist's spirit zone trembled slightly and transmitted information through Shirone's synesthesia.

As if reading braille with her fingers, Shirone completed the sentence by combining stabbing signals of hostility.



- No. 213 passes unconditionally.



'I'll take care of it myself.'

Shirone grumbled inwardly and handed over the documents to Arya.

"thank you for your effort. Number 29 is next."

When Jane, the chief of staff, entered the Spirit Zone, she felt a liquid-like synesthesia that contrasted with Lufist.

'He's a spirit-type wizard.'

I know Arin, who was blessed by God in this class, but his mental fluidity was so great that he was not inferior in the slightest compared to her.

'It feels like being submerged in the sea.'

Said Shirone, who had passed the document number 29.

"thank you for your effort. Successful applicants will be notified after the first evaluation. I wish you good results."

"i look forward to."

Shirone stared as Numbers 28 and 29 left the vacant lot and entered the building.

'No. 213? Are you a strong person?'

Anyway, it was something to watch.

When we moved to number 30, the talented players began to mix.

By the time 100 times passed, 20 people passed the first test, and it was the turn of 121 times.

"Come in next. yes?"

After checking the name of number 121, Shirone tilted her head in disbelief.

"what? Why is this... ... ."

As I slowly raised my head, a person I knew was standing in front of me.

"This is how we meet, Shirone."

"Teacher Ethella?"

The appearance in the shabby cape was completely different from what I saw at school, but it was definitely Romi Etella from Alpheas Magic School.

"Why are you a teacher?"

"On the way, I heard that a mercenary army was being organized. I hope for a good evaluation."

Etella politely bowed her head in the attitude of a spectator.

'Something must have happened.'

It is right to follow the principles of society after graduating from magic school, but the feeling of being reunited in this way was quite strange.

I didn't want to evaluate the school teacher, so I was nervous, but she took the posture of the martial arts.

'Phew, it looks like you're being evaluated by schema. It's fortunate.'

Then, this time, Lian's eyes became serious.

'Is this person Etel?'

He was the person Shirone had praised so much that he was talking about an anecdote in heaven, and he certainly had an unusual energy.

Ethella, who was swinging her arms slowly, issued a regime that could be said to be the basis of the Yin-Yang wave realm.

"Taha!"

The demonstration ended with that, and Shirone, feeling empty, turned her head to check Lian's expression.

I couldn't read the emotions on the face that was pensive with the chin resting on it.

'Are you really okay with this? I'm sure you're good at it, but... ... .'

From the point of view of those who are not familiar with martial arts, it was not possible to find a significant difference from the blows of other test takers.

"Yes, thank you for your hard work."

In a sense, you might think he was ignoring the examiner, but Lian's tone was polite, and he marked the documents as acceptable.

"I hope to see you at the second car."

Leaving without saying anything to Shirone was a determination to join the mercenary corps seriously.

"Lian, was it some kind of great skill?"

When Shirone asked the reason for passing the exam out of pure curiosity, Lian licked his lips in embarrassment.

"Actually, I don't know."

"what? You don't know?"

"I'm judging, but honestly, I don't know much about technology or theory. After all, my swordsmanship was also honed in real battles."

It belatedly came to my mind that Lian had been evaluated as not talented enough to drop out of swordsmanship school.

"Then on what basis?"

"There is only one way. It's assuming I take the attack myself. And when Mr. Etella came to power... ... ."

Lian turned to Shirone and said.

"I had goosebumps all over my body. I don't know why. No matter what technical brilliance there was. I thought that I would not want to fight if possible, so I just decided to enlist them as allies."

Lian, who had no technical talent, was all about the senses he had refined in actual combat.

So, if his instincts warned him that way, Shirone had no reason not to be convinced.

"Yeah, I understand."

As the number of successful applicants increased, my heart felt lighter.

'From the president of the association to teacher Etella. Maybe I don't have to take responsibility for everything.'

By the end of the year, most of the test takers had finished the test, and it was the turn of the 199th, the last of the 100th.

Arya checked the documents and smiled as she rested her chin on the table.

"It's finally here, my secret weapon."

The two people who listened to her also checked the documents, and Lian's face hardened the moment he saw the name.

"no way... ... ."

The sound of footsteps approached, which made me feel that something was out of place just by hearing it.

A man walking with a limp, wearing a long sword with a center of gravity concentrated at the end.

The sleeve covering his right arm, which had been severed from the shoulder, fluttered whenever he moved.

'Parka Quan.'

I heard that he threw away his right arm himself, but the atmosphere was so different from before that he checked his profile.

It was clearly written that he was an instructor at the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy.

"It's been a while, Lian."

"Ugh!"

He was a person he respected as a swordsman, but when he looked back on his memories, he couldn't find any good memories.

Shirone was surprised as well, and turned to Arya as if seeking an explanation.

"What happened?"

"Quan-san, who will be my bodyguard this time. How do you feel?"

Shirone knew Quan's skills better than anyone else.

"But how does Mr. Arya know Mr. Quan?"

"What are you talking about? How could I not know the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy instructor? Besides, he's now acting as a civilian investigator in the area we'll be doing our missions for. In many ways, it's perfect for entrusting my security."

'You were in Radum.'

He had even heard that he had been working with Maze since returning from heaven.

"Then maybe Armin-san or Sein-san... ... ."

"no. Currently, I am the only one in Tormia."

"okay."

Quan frowned when he showed a look of disappointment because he thought he might meet Miro.

"Why? Am I not trustworthy?"

"No! It's never like that... ... ."

Lian stopped talking.

"Okay, let's proceed with the test. If we don't pass anyway, we can't work together."

It was an opportunity to get revenge on the Kaizen swordsmanship academy.

"He was once an instructor, but he has no special privileges. I wish you all the best."

Quan didn't even snort.

"Stupid as ever."

Lian's eyes widened.

"What is it! Have you forgotten who is the judge now? I am not the old me!"

'Hmm, sure... ... .'

He had become a completely different person from what he had seen at the swordsmanship academy.

Having heard of Lian's achievements while helping Miro, he wanted to check his skills, but first he had to pass the public test.

"Then, try swinging your sword a little."

Unlike Ethella, Lian watched with her chin resting on her face in an attitude that showed no tension at all.

As expected, Quan drew the sword in a hurry and changed direction while limping on his right foot and started cutting.

"... ... ."

After a while, Lian, who was supporting his chin, slowly removed his hand and took a straight posture without realizing it.

His expression, as if bewitched by the trail of the sword that slashed the air with the sound of the soft wind, contained surprise and sadness at the same time.

'beautiful.'

I know it's there, but I've never been able to clearly recall the trajectory.

Swinging the sword without missing a day, there was a trail that Lian wanted so much.

'Is the sword of genius this beautiful?'

Lian also grew up, so he was at the level of a sword that could be analyzed.

After wielding the sword for about a minute, Quan skillfully inserted the sword into the scabbard and grumbled.

"Are you okay?"

"Yes, thank you for your hard work."

Even if Quan was the enemy, he would have no choice but to pass the exam.

Aria added.

"We'll talk more about it after the test."

Quan nodded and left the evaluation room, and candidates from the 200th class began to enter.

I was tired from the long screening, but when it was my turn to number 213, as Lufist said, I was awakened again.

'what?'

It was a girl in her mid-teens with a completely different atmosphere from the veterans I've seen so far.

Her hair was jet-black bobbed, and even her thick coat couldn't completely hide her bony figure.

Shirone, who was watching Dasogot standing with his hands together, checked his profile.

My name is Mayray. He was a wizard, and he was born in the kingdom of Gallon, not from Tormia.

Gallon, which borders the Kingdom of Kazra to the north, is called the Holy Kingdom, but each country defines their god as an evil god.

Shirone's gaze, unable to find anything special besides that, was fixed on the last unusual thing.

'Regular eaters.'

It was not revealed what kind of ability it was, but there was no doubt that it was a necessary ability for this operation.

"Please begin."

Mayray opened the Spirit Zone with a nonchalant expression.

As a 15-year-old, I couldn't feel particularly great, but I could feel the unique temperament of a regular outsider.

'This is why you informed me.'

Even if you are a regular outsider, if you don't have the basics, you can't survive in Radum, so if you didn't listen to Rufist, it was highly likely that you would have been rejected.

Shirone, who had checked her acceptance, turned over the documents and said.

"Looked good. I wish you good results."

Mayray still stared at Shirone without leaving her seat.

"Is there anything you want to say?"

"Is your brother Shirone?"

Hearing her voice for the first time was as clear as a stream and addictive.

"Yes, what about it?"

"He is afraid. Because oppa is touchy."

Shirone frowned at the incomprehensible sound.

"Who is afraid of me?"

"La Enemy."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"How did you do that... ... ?"

"I can hear you."

Mayray covered her ears and said.

"I can hear the voice of Ra."

Acet Mayray, a person who corresponds to the Qing Dynasty of the Great Purification Period.

She was an outsider who could eavesdrop on God's frequency.

=======================================
[662] Insufficient five senses (1)





The members of the Grass Leaf Circus, who finished their regular tour around the Marchen Kingdom, left for the winter, leaving only Chagall and Tia, who had no family, to live with Raiden.

"Chagall, come this way for a moment."

Chagall, who was honing his circus skills, went to Raiden wiping the sweat from his forehead.

"What are you doing? Anything you want me to do?"

"no. I want to teach you something."

Chagall tilted his head.

"Did you think you learned all the skills?"

Although he was still 16 years old, he was Chagall, who boasted the most outstanding skills among the members of the Leaf Circus.

"Starting today, I will practice juggling."

"haha! Captain, don't you have dementia? You know how old I was when I started playing clubs, right?"

"Bring it."

In a serious voice, Chagall brought a box containing clubs, and Raiden held three clubs in one hand and threw them.

"Oops."

Chagall did not even go through the preparation stage, turning three clubs and showing off dazzling juggling.

It was as easy as breathing because the technique was skillful, and it was something I did while riding a unicycle during the performance.

Chagall, who took turns snatching the club, spoke to Raiden with a triumphant smile.

"Have you seen the skills of this genius?"

"yes. You are a genius."

Chagall was ashamed.

"Why are you suddenly like that? With just basic juggling."

Of course, Raiden was evaluated as a genius not because he only turned 3 clubs.

'Any technique is absorbed in the shortest distance.'

It was too much of a waste to rot Chagall's insight that penetrates the core of technology.

"Take a look again. Right this time."

When the atmosphere was not serious, Chagall also sighed and threw all 10 clubs in the box into the sky.

Raiden, who was watching the flashy techniques such as throwing an X, throwing while spinning, and changing the order, said.

"Pass it."

The two-person juggling began, and Chagall and Raiden exchanged clubs while each juggling continued.

'yes?'

Chagall, who realized that the club would not return from a certain moment, looked at Raiden and opened his eyes wide.

'Fix it?'

Raiden held the club in front of his eyes by alternately grabbing it with both hands.

Two, four, and six clubs were nailed in the air and fixed, and finally all clubs fell into Raiden's hands.

Boo woo woo!

The air shuddered like a bee's wings and Raiden's hands loosened in afterimages as he roamed among the ten clubs.

"Great!"

A moan leaked out from between their clenched teeth, and Chagall and Tia stared blankly at what could be called the culmination of juggling.

When the gale stopped suddenly and Raiden's hands stopped, 10 clubs fell as if a string had snapped.

"Whoa, it's been a long time since I've done it, so it's hard."

"Captain, what the heck is this... ... ."

"Raiden of the rapid-fire sword. That's the name I was called before I became the head of the Grassleaf Circus."

Raiden told the story of an assassin who made a name for himself in the world.

The time to talk about it has already passed, but even that was a shock to Chagall.

"Captain... ... ."

"I don't care what you say. I've already folded my sword, and I'm going to dedicate the rest of my life here. It would be nice to bury the bones here. But after seeing you, I changed my mind. It's a pity that your talent ended like this."

"Talent... ... What?"

"As we just saw, even juggling can be turned into a killing art. How you use it is up to you, but I believe you will make the right choice."

Chagall looked back at Tia.

Now that she knew Chagall's heart, she didn't express it, but she knew that they would eventually live together.

"How can I do it like Captain?"

Raiden raised his index finger as if he were the only one.

"Schema."



* * *



"yes?"

Sensing the presence of her, Shirone opened her eyes and found Arya bending over and jumped up.

"What, what!"

I hurriedly looked for Lian, but he was already awake, putting his feet on the bed and focusing on push-ups.

"Whoa, you look so cute sleeping?"

As Arya pressed her face, Shirone pulled out a blanket and covered her naked upper body.

"Please keep your manners. What if I enter the men's room without permission?"

"Why? Would you like to catch and eat it?"

Judging by the questioning look on her face, she couldn't tell what would have happened if it wasn't for Lian.

"Shirone, wash up quickly. Let's eat, Bob."

When Lian pointed at the entrance with her thumb, Aria, who was staring at his bulging muscles, grabbed Shirone's blanket.

"Eight!"

"Ahh! What are you doing?"

Shirone hurriedly covered her body, but she lowered her arms thinking that this was strange.

"Wow! you are really skinny I need to do some exercise."

It was something that Lian was also worried about.

"Yes, Shirone. Let's work out with me in the future. Even if you're a magician, your physical abilities shouldn't deteriorate."

Shirone looked at herself in front of the mirror.

'Am I that thin?'

I've never paid attention to her before, but when Lian gathered her pectoral muscles and gave strength, it was a physique that definitely contrasted.

Even if he didn't have time to train while attending magic school, in reality most of the wizards were skinny.

If you concentrate, you can fly, so why should you run?

"Men are power. Come on, hit me, hit me."

When Lian pounded his chest and pretended to hit it, Shirone pouted her lips and glared at him.

Seeing that the thought of blowing up the photon cannon came first, it was wrong to build up muscles in the first place.

"it's okay. You'll get better when you travel. I wasn't this thin when I lived in the mountains."

Aria covered her mouth and laughed as she gathered the toiletries with a pouting expression.

"Anyway, wash up quickly and come down. Today is a private evaluation, so it will take longer than yesterday."

Of the 273 people, only 54 passed the first round of evaluation, and today we had to sift through more than half again.

When I arrived at the hall after washing my face, all the passers-by were already scattered all over the place, waiting.

'The president of the association... ... .'

I saw Rufist and Jane, still wearing their masks, sitting opposite each other at a table in the corner.

Etella was drinking tea by the window, and Quan was eating breakfast across the street.

Passing the first evaluation means that you have some level of expertise in your field.

A woman sharpening arrowheads, a martial artist exercising with dumbbells, and a person preparing traps to be used in the evaluation of their main skill, etc. While preparing for the 2nd evaluation, there was one person who caught his eye.

"Good morning, Mr. Shirone."

A young man sitting on the floor with a comfortable attitude like a free spirit raised his hand to Shirone on the stairs.

'The waiting number was 147.'

Windstorm Wigg.

He was 23 years old, his specialty was twin swords, and he was one of the newcomers who are currently attracting attention along with Lian, who is known as a knight of Macha.

"Yes. Good morning. Did you prepare well?"

"haha! I couldn't even sleep because I was so nervous. It is an honor to work with an ivory tower candidate."

Despite what he said, there was no sense of tension in Wig's gestures.

Also, I felt a strange sense of rivalry in that he dared to point out Shirone even though it was Lian who evaluated him among the judges.

"Knight of Maha. Is that your sword?"

Wig asked, turning his head to Lian, who was hurriedly devouring the meat.

"Yes. Even so, he is my best friend."

"Hmm, it doesn't look that strong. Do you know what the schema nesting is?"

Schema is often described as a diagram of the human body, but it is not the same as a blueprint drawn in the head.

To be precise, to feel control over the body.

For example, if you operate three chapters of schema, it means that you can control the body changes in three areas while performing a specific action.

Even though the body can memorize the motility of somersault through training, gymnasts can feel the position of the fingertips and the balance of muscles at the same time.

In the end, there is only one body, but there are relatively many schematics of excellent people, and based on that standard, I could see how low Lian's mobility was.

"uh... ... that's it... ... ."

When Shirone mumbled, unable to speak, Wig scratched his head as if he had suddenly realized.

"Oh, sorry. How can candidates evaluate the judges? Was I too presumptuous?"

"Nope. I think you might be wondering. If Mr. Wig passes, he will become a strong ally."

"Thank you for saying that. Then I'll see you later at the second evaluation."

Wig grabbed the twin swords he had set down on the floor, walked to the corner of the hall, and sat down on the floor again.

She was embarrassed and glossed over, but when the conversation was over, she felt guilty for nothing.

'Why couldn't I be honest?'

Lian was strong enough to be outmatched by any swordsman, and Shirone was also proud of his achievements.

It must be because he didn't want his friend to be evaluated by the public's standard that if he couldn't open his schema, he had no talent.

'I'm sorry, Lian.'

Lian, who was munching on the meat, made eye contact with Shirone, pointed to the food, and gave a thumbs up.

"ha ha ha!"

Lian is the best, Shirone thought.



* * *



After breakfast, Shirone, Lian, and Aria took their seats in the guild's empty lot and waited for the second evaluation.

Since it was a place to showcase the main skill directly related to survival, no one except the test taker was allowed to enter.

"let's begin. Come on in."

At Aria's words, the door opened, and Nos. 28 and 29, who passed the first round of evaluation, entered in turn.

Unlike before, there was no polite greeting, and the two took off their masks as Shirone watched with tears in her eyes.

"What are you thinking?"

Shirone shot at him, and Luffist smiled and moved toward the table.

"I'm sorry if I surprised you."

"I'm not surprised, you should have told me in advance if this was going to happen. You told me to form a mercenary."

"Nothing will change. you are the boss The place we will enter is the Iron Tower, which is dominated by the upper reaches of Radum. Not even seeds can be eaten with moderate power."

Since Ami Aria had heard about the Iron Tower, Shirone couldn't push Lufist any further.

"By the way, what happened to number 213?"

Acet Mayray, the regular foodie.

During the first evaluation, I didn't have time to ask in detail, but he said that he could definitely hear La Enemy's voice.

"According to intelligence, a massive heresy judgment was carried out in the kingdom of Gallon four years ago. It was done by receiving an oracle from their bishop, the Church of Terraforce. It has only one purpose: to find and eliminate those who eavesdrop on the voice of God."

"You mean number 213?"

said Jane.

"Mayray's diet, God's frequency, is speculated to be the ability to pick up electrical signals floating around in the world. I heard La Enemy's voice at a certain frequency range. I don't think it has anything to do with the heresy judgment."

It was unknown how the evil god Terraforce, who was said to have destroyed countless universes, and Ra Enemy were related.

Rufist said.

"Her powers will serve as a compass in clearing the history of Ra Enemy that permeates Radum. Anyway, it's good information for you to know. I pass the second evaluation as well."

Rufist, who had turned around with Jane, was walking toward the back door when Shirone called.

"Wait. Where are you going?"

Rufist, not understanding what he meant, looked back and Shirone pointed forward as if to come back.

"You have to show your main specialty. It is definitely a test."

"I'm busy now. I'm not in the mood to joke."

"I am not kidding. Even the president of the association can't take shortcuts. Come quickly and get evaluated."

He knew Shirone's stubbornness even before graduation, so Rufist returned to his seat with a sigh.

"then... ... ."

Koo Goo Goo Goo Goo!

As the building of the Silverling Guild shook, the test takers waiting in the hall looked around in fright.

"What, what?"

After a while, masked numbers 28 and 29 annoyedly opened the door and walked over to a table in the corner.

=======================================
[663] Insufficient five senses (2)





"Sheesh, you seem stubborn."

When Lufist sat at the table grumbled, Jane laughed.

"How about making an offer right now? You were very sorry."

When he realized that Shirone had been taken away by the Ivory Tower, Lufist was the one who cursed the kingdom the most.

"If anyone would accept the offer, I did it right away."

The sight of the 5 prestigious magic academies tearing up the acceptance certificates that came into their hands when they gathered at the association still lingered.

"It's better. It's because it doesn't have to be taken away only by other countries."

It was the only reason Lufist didn't take action.

On the other hand, even after the 28th and 29th evaluations, Shirone could not call the next contestant.

Lian and Arya were also mesmerized by the magic demonstration they had just seen.

"this... ... ."

Lian couldn't even utter a word, but Shirone nodded as if he had heard.

"It's the magic of a first-class archmage."

The fact that he left no trace even with such power that the building shook was to reveal his destructive power and delicacy at the same time.

'Besides, Mr. Jane's magic was also amazing.'

Because it is a major skill evaluation, certain magic has no choice but to use it directly to the judge, and Shirone clearly realized what level her mental magic had reached.

Arya said.

"Let's move on to the next one. Because there are still 52 people left."

Shirone, who came to his senses, turned to the door and said.

"Come in next."

After a while, the door opened and a bald man with a stout body like Lian entered.

"hello! This is Candidate No. 59, Maghart!"

He is 43 years old, trained in martial arts for 20 years, and is now a veteran living as a mercenary in the Mutuga Guild.

There was nothing that stood out in the first evaluation, but Shirone passed the introduction that the basics were solid and the strength was strong.

"Yes. I wish you good results. Show me your organs."

Maghart set down the huge backpack he was carrying on his back and took out a solid brick from inside.

'It's a demonstration of breaking.'

Normally, when it comes to breaking, a support is set up so that the impact can be transmitted well, but he stacked 15 bricks in an orderly fashion.

Maghart, who was arrogantly looking down at the brick tower that reached up to his waist, nodded and said:

"The fierce tiger headbutt, the most powerful technique in tiger martial arts. I will destroy this brick with one blow."

Defeat, a boy's romance.

Putting aside her duties as an examiner for a moment, Shirone nodded with her eyes shining.

"Whoa!"

While Maghart took a horseback posture and swung his hands around, not even a sound of breathing could be heard, and finally he pushed his lower jaw forward and screamed.

"Eulachacha!"

Jumping up, he slammed the tower of bricks with his forehead as if he were falling upside down.

The sound of stones breaking repeatedly surrounded him, and his face smashed through the bricks and fell to the ground.

"wow! Everything is broken!"

Shirone stood up and applauded Maghart, who was bowing in the dust.

"Great! By the way, are you okay? Your head will hurt."

I didn't hear an answer.

"there... ... Mr. Maghart?"

With her forehead on the ground and not even moving, Shirone's voice, which gradually became uneasy, rose.

"Mr. Maghart, can you hear me?"

At that moment, Maghart's waist loosened and spread to the ground, and his limbs convulsed as if they were bouncing.

"It's a big deal! I must have lost consciousness!"

Arya jumped up and shouted at the door.

"master! master! I am an emergency patient!"

A member of the Silverling Guild came into the vacant lot, picked up Maghart, and sprinted outside.

The venue was cleared in an instant, but Shirone still watched them leave with a dazed expression.

"... ... what? What happened?"

Lian licked her lips and said.

"I was so nervous. My strength is dispersed because my body is stiffer than usual. He lost consciousness the moment he hit him."

Shirone quietly sat down and said.

"Come in next."

There were incidents, but as expected, most of the test takers showed satisfactory main skills as they passed the first evaluation.

'Hmm, that's ambiguous. I'll have to apply the deferred judgment.'

It was a loss to judge pass or fail in advance because it was ambiguous to set a clear standard.

Number 73 was Aakman, the master of the Silverling Guild, and showed off his long-term fire snake magic without hesitation.

'Certainly that magic is convenient.'

It was a magic that greatly benefited from the magical weapons of the flame robe and fire prison, but it was a real battle anyway, and if so, the equipment could also be a strength.

'Because I'm wearing Armand too.'

When the three people applauded after confirming that the snake of flame coiled and landed, Aakman greeted him with a shy face.

It was because it was an ability that had already been defeated in the confrontation, so it was because it was embarrassing to demonstrate it, but from Shirone's point of view, it was difficult to find someone as skilled as Aakman.

'For now, let's hold the strand toward passing.'

Aakman left, and Jordic, the master of the War Wagon Guild, entered as if touching a baton.

Unlike the first evaluation, he was equipped with a magical weapon, a large glove with a crystal ball embedded in his palm like Armand.

"Number 74 Jordan."

Although qualified as a test taker, the attitude of not bowing down completely to anyone was still the same.

"Yes. Show me your specialty."

Jordyk introduced the equipment first.

"It's a magic weapon called an ice glove. Combined with my freezing magic, you can do a lot of things. For example... ... ."

When Jordyk held out his palm, the crystal ball emitted blue light and froze the atmosphere in an instant.

"Absorb energy."

Then, as he clenched his fist, the ice slid like a stream and turned into a whip with sharp spikes.

"We decapitate those who dare to attack us like this."

As he swung his arms around, the ice whip made a sound of wind and hit Shirone in front of her eyes before returning.

'Aha, it means that the shape is not fixed.'

While the freezing type has excellent formative power, its disadvantage is that its fluidity is poor.

However, while wearing the ice glove, he could absorb energy in real time, so he could use even hard ice like a whip.

"what... ... Should I just do it like this? Because the real skill of killing people is hard to show here."

Waiting for Shirone's reaction, Jordyk raised the corners of his mouth coldly, but Shirone's eyes were fixed on the papers before he knew it.

"Thanks for your efforts. Success or failure will be notified individually."

"... ... ."

Jordyk stood in a state of embarrassment for a moment, then licked his lips and turned around when Arya called for the next person.

'Sheesh, anyway these days.'

The next turn, number 75, was Master Yvian of the Blood Rose Guild.

It was a costume that clearly showed that he put off his skills for the time being and paid attention to the other side.

"Hello, I'm Yvian, candidate number 75."

Holding the skirt with the tips of her fingers and spreading it left and right, she bowed slightly as she pulled one leg back.

"hello. You look pretty today."

"Oh my, does it really look like that? It's strange, I just did what I normally do. Ho-ho-ho!"

As Yvian's heart swayed up and down while laughing exaggeratedly, Shirone returned to her true form.

"Then shall we begin?"

Yivian, who achieved the desired result of first impression, also showed off his special skill with a smile.

"Magnetic control."

Ivian's specialty was electric magic, especially magnetic fields, and his skill at controlling metal was excellent.

When she threw the 'Golden Dragon's Eye', a black iron orb, it melted into iron powder in the air, revealing the shape of a magnetic field around her.

"Hoo."

Looking at the iron powder flowing like the Milky Way, Shirone made an interesting expression on her face. She gained confidence and molded a rose with iron powder and sent it to Shirone.

The rose floating in front of my eyes was only black in color, so sophisticated that I could believe it was real.

"awesome."

"My specialty is modeling, but I don't want to underestimate its power. When you concentrate, you can overcome gravity up to 200 kilograms."

It was the power to move dozens of longswords simultaneously.

'This magic will be useful. Let's put Mr. Yvian on the passing line.'

Lufist, Jane, Aakman, Jordic, Yvian.

From the beginning, it could be seen that with this lineup, the skeleton was being captured.

Number 121 Ethella's turn came back with a jump, and what she prepared for the evaluation was a defeat just like Maghart.

'Well, there aren't many things that have a bigger impact than this.'

Although he is a skilled enough to compete with Satan in heaven, being evaluated by mobilizing the preparations meant respecting the judges.

"Let's demonstrate the secret art of Yin-Yang Wave Fist."

"Yes. i look forward to."

Shirone was polite to his school teacher, and carefully watched Lian, who still had the creepiness of the first evaluation.

What she took out of her bag was an iron ball the size of a person's face, and when she dropped it from eye level as if to check its hardness, it crashed into the floor.

"Iron... ... Are you saying it's broken?"

While Arya put on an expression of disbelief, Ethella bent down and aimed her fist at her.

"Whoa."

After taking a deep breath, Etella's fist hit the iron ball with great speed.

More and more more and more!

Sounds that were hard to believe were struck by human fists exploded one after another, and as many waves as the number of sounds raged inside the ball.

'A thunderbolt field!'

Etela, who spread her palm wide, pushed the final wave.

Then, the iron ball, which had been shaking and shaking, shattered as if an explosion had occurred.

"Whoaaaa!"

Shirone exclaimed in admiration at his always-cool skills.

It was unbelievable that he had made a human body with an iron ball that could not be broken with any magic.

After squatting on the floor and cleaning up the debris, Etella returned to her stance and bowed politely.

"Please take good care of me."

Ethella, who had a polite smile, left the clearing, and Shirone turned to Lian.

"how? Are you passing?"

"yes? Oh, of course."

It was a skill that could not be disputed, and the reason why Lian did not readily evaluate it was because of his own problems.

During the knight training, only winning was important, but thinking about how technically advanced the test takers were today, I felt uncomfortable.

Whether or not she knew that feeling, Shirone called the next contestant.

"Come in at number 147."

Shirone, who realized it only after calling, checked the documents.

'Ah, it must have been this person.'

Windstorm Wigg.

Equipped with twin swords behind his left shoulder with the number 11, he entered with a smile.

"hello. It is number 147. People who know it also call it Whig of the Storm."

"Hmm."

Lian closed his mouth and crossed his arms.

From the first evaluation, it was Wig who had been sending energy of provocation from beginning to end.

"Then show me your specialty. It must be a double swordsmanship, right?"

"Well, to be honest, weapons don't matter. I just fight whatever I can get my hands on. What really matters is... ... ."

Wig, who pulled out the twin swords over his shoulder at the same time, aimed at Lian with one eye closed.

"Isn't it about who can I beat?"

Lian asked without changing his expression.

"therefore... ... Who can you beat?"

As expected, he had a personality that did not know how to retreat, and Wigg made a proposal as if he had been waiting for it.

"You. I ask for a real sword fight, knight of Macha."

=======================================
[664] Insufficient five senses (3)





"That's not okay."

Shirone drove the nail in before Lian could reply.

"We are the examiners and we select the personnel. It's Mr. Wig who has to show his skills, not Lian. If you don't like this rule, feel free to forgo rating."

Wig was at a loss for words because every sentence was correct.

However, pride did not allow it to end like this with the knife pointed at it, and I was sure that Lian would have a different reaction than Shirone.

"Even if the wizard's judgment is like that, will the knight of Macha really think that way?"

It's not like a knight is full of muscles up to his head, but in the end, he's a person who can give up any efficiency in front of his beliefs.

In the yard that made his name known equally as a budding prosecutor, he would not be able to run away after receiving a challenge.

"Of course I don't think so."

A smile appeared on Wig's lips at Lian's words.

"But if my lord refuses, I won't."

Even Wig knew the weight of a knight's oath.

"How about thinking differently? If you back down here, you will damage the lord's honor."

This time, Lian raised an eyebrow.

"you... ... You haven't pledged your knighthood yet, have you?"

"Yes, but."

"Black does not judge. If Shirone asks to cut you, he will cut you, and if he says cut you, he will cut you willingly. No matter what words shake my emotions, the will of my actions is not mine."

Wig's sword slowly descended.

"Mr. Wigg, I understand how you feel, but you have to understand the situation well. It's my mercenary corps, and I decide whether to pass or fail. If Mr. Wig really wants to compete with Lian... ... ."

"Do you want to compete?"

"Prove why Mr. Wig is a necessary test for me. I want to take Mr. Wig under any circumstance. If you feel that way, then I might allow Lian to fight with a sword."

"... ... understand."

Giving in to the logic, Wig bowed his head deeply.

And when he raised his head again, his free-spirited smile was gone and only a cold chill hung over his face.

"Then let me show you my swordsmanship. It's a whirlwind wig."

If it was for the purpose of attracting the attention of the judges, the initial provocation was successful, and the three stared at Wig with cold eyes as if to see how great it was.

The twin swordsmanship began.

Wig, who showed off his basic skills, quickly cut all directions with flashy movements as if he was bored.

Even while running, leaping, and spinning at the same time as landing, the sword's trajectory never stopped, and on the contrary, it accelerated even more.

'It's definitely great athleticism.'

Wig was able to operate four schemas, which was a high rank among swordsmen.

A person who has not opened the schema cannot know how their body moves or what posture they are taking even during a simple vertical cut.

That is why Lian also repeats the same actions countless times in front of the mirror to catch errors.

On the other hand, if you can detect body changes in four areas at the same time, you will be able to line up from 1 to 10 which side of your 10 toes is exerting more force, as well as your posture.

'Is this enough?'

This is the realm of talent.

Wig started operating the schema in earnest.

'Mitochondrial build.'

Mitochondrial build, which promotes overall body activation, has strengths in balance.

It is largely divided into regeneration and acceleration. Seeing that Wig's movement became faster, it seemed that he chose acceleration.

'Fold here.'

'Folding' is an act of folding the schema in half and concentrating the control even more. When it reaches the 7th time, known as the human limit, the efficiency is 128 times as amazing.

From this point on, it is a state of martial arts that cannot be called a human being, but it has not been unprecedented since the great swordsman Cadel reached it for the first time 300 years ago.

Wig's limit was 3 times, and when the mitochondrial schema was folded, a strong wind blew through every movement.

"wow."

Even Shirone couldn't help but be surprised this time.

It was a basic skill that was incomparable to that of the thieves, and as the efficiency soared 8 times, even after receiving the help of Armand's nerve enhancement, afterimages could be seen.

'This is the end.'

As the centrifugal force intensified, Wig's body began to rotate like a whirlpool.

When the muscular system, nervous system, and sensory system were simultaneously controlled based on physical activation, a terrifying strong wind blew up.

When he swept the empty lot in an instant and took a finishing stance in front of the judges, a terrifying piercing sound pierced his six ears like an awl.

"That is all."

Wig, who had secured his sword, stood up slowly, then stepped back and stood in his original position.

'Lian... ... .'

Shirone carefully waited for the judgment.

Unlike the other applicants, he was an outsider, and even if you look at him, he was great, but Lian's intention was important.

"Nice workmanship. The reputation of Whig of the Storm is not a lie."

"thank you."

Wig said, sticking his twin swords behind his back.

"I would like to hear Mr. Shirone's opinion. Am I passing?"

"... ... Yes."

I couldn't lie as much as I had emphasized fairness so far.

"Then I make a proposal. If you want to transfer me to the mercenary corps, there is something you must point out. Shirone-san is the captain anyway, but wouldn't he be able to risk his life under a weaker subcommander?"

Shirone scratched his cheek.

I haven't seen all of the applicants' main skills yet, but it seems that there is no other talented person like Wigg.

"Shirone, you don't have to worry."

said Lian.

"If you need someone, you can use it. That's all I care about."

As if he was already expecting an answer, Lian rose from his seat.

"And no swordsman will follow a weak commander."

Sensing Lian's will, Shirone nodded and said.

"like. I allow the jingom match. This may sound presumptuous, but please do not interfere with the mission. I'm a pro, so I'm sure he'll handle it well."

Wig obediently agreed, but deep down he had other thoughts.

'Because I'm a pro, I can't yield.'

As much as he applied for the Shirone Mercenary Corps to increase his reputation, he had no intention of doing it in moderation.

"I don't have much time."

Lian slowly pulled up the big sword and entered the clearing.

"Let me deal with you for about five minutes."

'You're completely ignoring me. On the topic of selling friends and making a living.'

It was the same period when he became famous for Whig of the Wind, Knight of Macha, and Shinjin.

Even so, the reason Lian could evaluate herself was probably because she was a knight of Shirone, a candidate for the Ivory Tower.

'But do you know? From now on, even your proud lord can't protect you.'

The twin swords came out with the sound of water, and Lian aimed the long sword with one hand.

"Come in."

First of all, I knew that his strength was great, but I couldn't find any outstanding advantages.

'There are quite a few gaps?'

Because he had come this far with his natural talent, his warlikeness took precedence over vigilance, and he immediately activated his schema and jumped out.

"Taha!"

It was a level of sophistication different from a swordsmanship demonstration, and Lian twisted his body with a surprised expression.

'what?'

They prepared for a counterattack, but the initial reaction was also a little clumsy.

'no way... ... Is it really a bluff?'

Immediately after entering the test, the flurry of swordsmanship was applied to Lian without mercy.

It was somehow blocked or evaded, but it was quickly recognized that it was technically clumsy.

'That's ridiculous.'

That clumsiness rather surprised Wig.

'You don't seem to be good at schemas?'

Schema is important in that you can precisely control your body.

Even a single swing of the sword requires numerous senses such as the center of gravity, coordination of posture, distribution of muscle power, etc.

'Is this a knight of Macha? Can you see me?'

From the next chapter of the schema, the efficiency inevitably drops to 1/2, but even so, Lian's swordsmanship was like a beginner to him who operated four schemas.

'Every time you swing it, the trajectory is different. He doesn't even know how he's cutting.'

A clumsy match always leaves a bitter aftertaste.

Feeling slightly annoyed, Wig dug into Lian to put an end to it.

"Five minutes."

A snort came out of my nose at Lian's words.

'You're talking nonsense.'

It was enough time to expose that Mach's article was a sham.

"Tahaaaa!"

When Wig charged forward with his twin swords horizontally, Lian's body rotated at a speed different from the previous reaction.

perfect.

It was a word that passed like a flash in Wig's head, and an ominous feeling suddenly rose in the time that was too short to establish it in words.

'Only the current technology is perfect.'

Acquired.

After countless repetitions, it is imprinted on the body.

If most adults are learning the 'act of walking', this was possible because they practiced the same number of movements as walking.

'Just stop... ... !'

I thought it should.

And that was Wig's only misjudgment, and there was no further chance.

The moment the wide side of the Daejikdo struck the twin swords, his consciousness was blown away.

What I realized at the end of the fainting was the speed of the sword attack that couldn't be explained by the schema, and the fact that if I flew like this, I would die.

'This is Mach... ... .'

Even at the moment when the body shot like an arrow hit the wall of the building, there was no sound of screaming, and Wig crashed down the wall like a spider's web.

"Mr. Wig!"

Shirone jumped out and looked at Wig's condition, but luckily there was no problem with his breathing.

Lian said while capturing the Daejikdo.

"I pulled my neck before passing out. If the impact was delayed, he would have died."

The back of the head would have been smashed.

"sorry. I just couldn't get enough of it."

"No, I'm glad it's like this. To be honest, I also wanted to properly organize the ranks before going to war."

Obviously, he was unscathed and knocked out in one blow, but Lian, who returned to his seat, was not in a good mood.

'I just won.'

He made up his mind that winning was all there was to it, but the aftertaste was bitter after competing against a person with technological prowess like Wig.

"Shirone, let's continue."

Wig was carried out to the guild members and evaluation continued.

On the Silverling side, Con passed the pass, and 1 person from the War Wagon and 1 person from the Blood Rose side also passed the pass.

With the addition of archers, survival and trap experts, spearmen, and recovery wizards, the mercenaries began to take on a new role.

No. 199 Quan dropped Aria under the chair with energy alone, as if he didn't even need to remove his sword, and finally, Mei Lei, the last test taker of the last second evaluation, came in.

There were a lot of questions from before, so Shirone put aside the evaluation for a moment and asked.

"Did you say you could hear the voice of Ra?"

"Yes."

"Can you still hear me?"

Mayley didn't answer, covered her ears with both hands and raised her head to the sky.

"... ... Yes, I can hear you."

I don't know why Ra's voice drifts as an electrical signal, but I wondered what he was saying right now.

"Ra's voice is always hard to hear. It is mixed with a lot of noise."

"What noise is it?"

"scream."

Mayray narrowed her brows and analyzed the sound.

"Screams of pain, cries of anger. always he... ... ."

She twitched her eyebrows and stopped talking.

"Why is that?"

"Wait. He's talking."

Mayray, who slowly raised her eyelids, relayed what she had heard.

"Carte Muciel, Cartision Vera Becca Ferbell."

Arya tilted her head.

"I don't know. It's the first time I've heard of it."

"It is an ancient language. very old means... ... ."

If you want to find me, find the hell inside you.

=======================================
[665] Insufficient five senses (4)





After interpreting Mayray's language through the Ultima System, Shirone felt a chill.

I didn't point to a specific person, but it was as if La Enemy was whispering to me.

'Hell inside me.'

La Enemy is waiting there.

It is open to interpretation, but it was key information to pass the Ivory Tower test.

"What kind of ability is God's frequency?"

"The Terraforce that the kingdom of Galon believes in is the conqueror of countless universes. According to the dogma, it came from far beyond the universe in which we live."

The reason why it cannot be dismissed as a myth is that Shirone has actually been to heaven as well.

'Are you Gaia?'

It was not unreasonable for him to think that way, but he immediately shook his head.

'No, it can't be them.'

Gaia has already left the photon world and the last remaining Guffin leaves, ending the history of the species.

"Terraforce's oracles come true through dreams. I also received an oracle from the age of seven."

Mayray explained while gesturing.

"The place to receive an oracle in a dream is always the same. It's a dark place. I can't see anything. Then, a light drawn vertically opens, and there is a silhouette of a god in it."

Mayray lowered her hand.

"When I wake up from a dream, most of my memories disappear and only a few simple pieces of information come to mind. If the priest delivers that information, the people of Terraforce follow it."

"But after all, it's a dream, right? How do you prove that is true?"

"Religion is not the realm of proof. In fact, even in Galon, heretics who reject the oracle are plotting a revolution. The power of the Holy See is strong, so it's not really a threat. Anyway, the problem starts now."

Mayray drew everyone's attention again.

"The reason I became a heretic and left Galon was because my powers exceeded the authority of the Pope. As usual, I fell asleep and felt like I was going to receive an oracle. As expected, that space came out of a dream. And when the door of light opens... ... ."

Mayray said with a serious expression.

"I woke up from a dream."

"In a dream... ... Are you awake?"

"Maybe even that was a dream, but I'm sure every nerve told me it was real. It was then that I realized that the dreams I thought were oracles were actually all real."

Shirone swallowed his saliva.

"The gates of light were wide open and they came. I can't remember what he looked like and it's all just a blurry image. He studied me closely and started talking with strange signals. I didn't know it then, but I do now. I think it meant, 'This is a bit unusual.'"

Mayray's voice began to tremble.

"A lot of things have been tried on me. I screamed in terror, then passed out. When I came to my senses again, I was lying on an operating table or something. When I shouted for help, they said again. Is it really unusual? Why are you awake?"

Mayley put on a calm expression again.

"And I woke up. I was lying on the bed in my room, but that was after I knew the reality."

"Is there really a possibility that this is a dream?"

Mayray turned her head and lifted her hair above her ears.

Incision marks were left where the hair did not grow.

"As soon as I woke up from the dream, I immediately checked. I don't know what they did to me, but I think they implanted something."

Mayray covered her ears with her hands.

"It's a skill that has been around since then. When hearing is blocked, sounds of a specific frequency can be collected."

That was Maylei's eating out, the identity of God's frequency.

"Actually, just covering your ears doesn't completely block out the sound, so there's a little bit of noise. I think if you cut off your ears, you will be able to hear more clearly, but Mr. Rufist objected, saying that it would make it difficult to communicate with others."

Shirone also thought it would be a waste to give up the advantage of communication by removing her ears.

"Did Rufist tell you about me?"

"He helped me defect to Tormia from Gallon. He said that if I join forces with Mr. Shirone, it might be possible to eliminate Ra Enemy. I don't know why I got this ability, or maybe it's the design of Terra Force."

It seemed like it would be a good idea to share the next story with Lufist.

"All right. Thanks for your efforts."

Meirei knew that it was a pass anyway, so she left the evaluation room without saying anything more.

Arya said as she took off her glasses.

"It is a very absurd story. Same with La Enemy and Terraforce."

It was information that the general public did not even have a chance to access.

"But it is real. If we don't stop it, there will be a crisis where we live."

Arya was also aware of the seriousness of the matter as a bureaucrat in Tormia.

"yes. I don't think there will be any problem with forming a mercenary army. Let's notify candidates individually and have a meeting in the evening."



* * *



That night.

The core members gathered in Shirone's room.

While Lian and Arya were present, Etella, Quan, and Mayray entered in turn.

Finally, test takers #28 and #29 came in and took off their masks, to no one's surprise.

"It was pretty well laid out. It's the list of successful candidates."

First of all, Lufist, who praised Shirone, explained.

"As you probably know, the key to this mission is twofold. First, shutting down Radum. Second, to identify the intentions of La Enemy and eliminate it if possible."

Ethella raised her hand and asked.

"Where is Chagall?"

"The association is searching, but the identity has not been confirmed. Either you left the kingdom or you are in Radum."

"It must be in Radum."

Chagall is a person who corresponds to the second half of the great purification period.

If he had followed the traces of La Enemy and flowed into Tormia, his destination had already been decided.

"I will take over Chagall. There is something I want to check."

Maybe it should be killed, but Ethella didn't use the word revenge.

"I allow it. He's just a guy worth using. Even if you don't tell me, you will know."

"I have a question about it."

Shirone asked.

"You said you would remove it if possible, but how?"

"Now I will explain."

Rufist moved to a place where everyone could see.

"We are protecting the identity of Venezia, the head of Spectrum. According to her, Ra seems to be influencing Radum's organization by way of controlling the past. Therefore, the Kingdom took a risk and decided to close it."

I've understood it so far.

"Then how do you find Ra? First of all, it exists only as an event in the past. Shirone, what do you think is the definition of the past?"

"Hmm, maybe before a certain event?"

"That is not wrong either. But I'd like to be a bit more specific. The past is the memory of the five senses."

"Aha."

"Everything we experience is reconstructed with our five senses and recorded in our brain. Therefore, the way La Enemy dominates the past cannot be extended beyond the five senses."

"Because it is beyond human limits."

Lufist nodded.

"Now, then, what if you could feel the sensations of the past as reality? It is a reality. Because time is just one way the human brain perceives the world."

That's why it's possible to explode the fire.

"Venice pointed out this part with the ability of the three brains. In conclusion, the past can also become a reality according to the way of cognition. Therefore, Ra is not a specter without substance. Just the past."

Lufist raised his index finger.

"It only exists in the past. Shirone, Ra might have been in this room a while ago. Do you agree?"

"Yes."

"Then why aren't we sure?"

"Because I have no memories of the five senses."

"That's right. Because it does not exist in the present, precisely because it is not recognized in the present, it is thought that it does not exist."

Rufist lifted the cup on the table.

"What would it be like if humans were not what they are today, but actually just brains submerged in a special liquid?"

Shirone imagined it.

"It doesn't matter if it's true or not. The point is, even if it were, there's no way for us to realize it. It's all the brain feels. Then, does this cup really exist or is it just an illusion of the brain?"

no one answered

"It is meaningless to distinguish existence from non-existence while dealing with Ra. If you can feel La Enemy with all five senses, it really exists for us."

'I see. To find Ra... ... .'

Shirone realized the intention of the question raised by the ivory tower.



- Can you prove existence and non-existence?



This was the problem that the candidates for the stars had to solve.

Quan asked.

"I bring out the memories of the five senses into reality and kill Ra. Ideas are good, but how do you bring them to life?"

"Jane."

When Rufist reached out, Jane handed over the box.

"What I'm holding right now is an object specially airlifted with the kingdom's finances. There is a hint about Ra's ability in this box."

Lian, who had been dazed like an idiot until now, showed interest with her eyes shining for the first time.

"What kind of object is it?"

"<Nemesis>."

The moment Rufist's words fell, Shirone hit her knee.

"Ah, <Nemesis>!"

It was an A-class object I heard from Uorin when I went to Kazura Kingdom the other day due to a paternity check scandal.

"I see you know. It is a very popular item in this system. Upon contact with Nemesis, the user's imagination becomes a reality within a radius of 20 meters."

It was one of the objects that changed owners several times because the words of humans devoured by desire were miserable.

"I don't think I need to explain any more how imagination can become reality. Anyway, the association speculates that Ra's ability will be similar to <Nemesis>'s mechanism."

Ethella said.

"It means that you are using Ra's power against you. But isn't <Nemesis>'s ability to realize reality limited only to the object it touches?"

"So I broke it."

When Rufist opened the box, eight rings of pink color were found in a smooth material like jade.

Shirone pointed to the ring with an interesting expression.

"that is... ... <Nemesis>?"

"yes. When I first got this, I wondered what would happen if two people touched <Nemesis> at the same time. As a result of the experiment, imagination is shared. Because as long as the five senses feel it, it is real."

Rufist took out a ring and held it up.

"Also, the ability of <Nemesis> seems to be determined by the content of special ingredients in the ore. The reason why it was processed into a ring shape while throwing away 9/10 of the total weight is because it has good carrying capacity and holding power. Control your mind after wearing the ring. Of course, only those who think they can do that are gathered here. When the mission is over, we will retrieve the items again."

said Quan.

"I was convinced that Mayray's ability would bring Ra into reality. But her senses are so lacking. Aside from relying solely on her ears to track her, how the hell are you going to slash Ra?"

Shirone murmured as if he had suddenly come to mind.

"Poetry of Buddhahood?"

With everyone's eyes focused, Lufist turned to Shirone and said.

"Yes, it is you."

Shirone's Poetry Buddha Statue can recognize the past as the present, so it will be a tactile sense that can touch Ra Enemy.

"If Mayray finds it, you kill it."

=======================================
[666] To Radum (1)





A man who looked like a wild dog was approaching Radum's back door, a place everyone knew but no one could enter.

"Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff."

No, Chagall, who roams the nostalgia of the case, could truly be called a stray dog.

His genius physical ability to operate as many as seven schemas is equivalent to the athleticism of a giant, which corresponds to the first stage of the anecdote.

The schema base he currently operates was a sensory system, and among them, it was a raw sense build that strengthens sight, smell, and hearing.

When the senses amplified 16 times through 4 'folding' were added to the 'grounding', which strengthens specific abilities by folding parts of the schema, the nostalgia of La Enemy began to be felt clearly.

'Are you here?'

"Stop. It is an off-limits area for civilians."

The Royal Guard guarding Radum's back door stopped Chagall with a torch.

As Chagall approached as if he had not heard, the guards, feeling serious, drew their weapons.

"stop! Reveal your identity."

"Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff."

Seeing him sniffing like a dog, at first I thought he was crazy.

Like the way he dragged a large bag, and most of all, even with his long hair covering his face like a veil, his distraught eyes were clearly visible.

"Kill. I am responsible."

At the command of the commander of the guards, the soldiers jumped over the barricade and attacked Chagall.

As more than 10 of his subordinates passed Chagall and fell to the ground, the guard's eyes widened.

"Uh, how... ... ."

What he could tell because he was not weak was that the madman who had just appeared was a master of a schema he had never seen before.

'Support... ... !'

Giving up the counterattack, the guards chief held the whistle and exhaled forcefully.

Chagall, who had been blown away, thrust out his arm and stabbed the dagger, and three knife cuts entered his throat almost simultaneously with a whooshing sound.

Before the breath reached his mouth, it hissed out of the blade embedded in the nape of his neck, and the guard captain's body fell over, spewing out a huge amount of blood through the hole.

The heavy bag containing the dagger fell to the ground with a thump, but it did not wake up Radum's silence.

"La Enemy."

A being who took everything from himself.

"I will kill you. again and again."

Radum's back door opened.



* * *



Around midnight, 20 Shirone mercenaries gathered in the clearing of the Silverling Guild.

It was a sight that felt the majesty of being able to endure even if they fell into hell.

Rufist and Jane were still wearing masks, and they intended not to reveal their identities until they entered Radum.

Anyway, the captain was Shirone, so there was no problem in commanding the troops.

"This is Shirone, the captain of the Shirone Mercenary Corps. Before departing, I will tell you what the mercenaries must do."

Curious about the mission with the 10,000 gold reward, the members pricked their ears.

"From now on, we will infiltrate Radum."

So far, no one has been shaken.

"What exactly will you be doing?"

Windfury Wig raised his hand and asked.

After losing the confrontation with Lian, the rankings were over, and he was convinced, but it was true that he was more depressed than before.

"We are... ... ."

After thinking about the right word for a while, Shirone said.

"I intend to occupy Radum."

"what?"

Finally, some members of the crew showed shocked expressions.

Radum is Vasuka's shadow that he is reluctant to touch even in the kingdom.

There is a public saying that they avoid it because it is dirty, but if it was a place where idiots live, it would have been wiped out immediately even if it was swept away.

"Occupying Radum? What are you talking about?"

Although it was a mercenary corps sponsored by Brooks mercenary broker and led by an ivory tower candidate, it was impossible to conquer Radum with only 20 members, a private military organization.

'How should I convince them?'

The fact that only a few knew that the head of the Magic Association, Lufist, was included in the mercenaries, and the existence of the Iron Tower, the core of Radum, was a state secret that could never be disclosed until the final mission was completed.

"I've been to Radum a few times."

Kargin, who joined the mercenaries as a recovery mage, spoke up.

Even at the age of 70, he was a sneaky wizard who flirted with the women of the mercenary army.

"Radum is largely divided into three districts. The outermost slum area, the inner concealed facility area, and the core area known to exist in the center. There is a theory that the rulers of sub-races live in the core area, but no one has ever been there. It's because the cover-up facilities of numerous organizations surround the core area."

In the concealed facility area, sub-species organizations pursued by the kingdom and human organizations infiltrated for civilian investigations are mixed.

Their technology acted as a natural barrier, blocking access to key areas, maze- ing the cloaking facility's area.

"Conquering Radum means eventually entering the core area. is there a way The number of cover-up facilities that need to be breached alone will exceed 100. The bigger problem is, all those security devices are made up of different systems. No intelligence expert can penetrate them all."

The bicorn jumped to its feet when it smelled of danger from Kargin's horse.

Armed with heavy gloves, he was an orthodox swordsman who used a long sword as his main weapon, and was a skilled man who could operate three schemas.

"yes! It's not just a matter of fighting and dying! How do you attack the enemy when you don't even know it well? You're not saying you're going to break through the security facilities one by one, are you?"

"I'm going to wake up one by one."

Shirone spoke frankly.

"It'll take a while, but that's the only way to get to the core area."

"huh! security device? Who will unlock all of them?"

"Me and number 29 do it."

At Shirone's words, Kargin looked at the two in turn.

"Just the two of you? Is it magic?"

"Yes. I can crack any security device."

It was the power of the Ultima System.

"If I decode it, number 29 will unlock it. The odds are good enough."

Having nothing to say, Bicon quietly sat down, but not everyone was convinced.

"who? I mean those two."

Bromarch, a survival and trap expert, pointed to numbers 28 and 29.

"It's not my taste to tackle after saying yes, but I feel uncomfortable. A mercenary corps was formed, so why are you hiding your identity?"

Everyone waited for an answer, and Shirone realized that he couldn't just let it go this time.

'Well, it's a matter of risking one's life, but it's natural to be suspicious.'

"I'll give you 100,000 gold."

All of the mercenaries turned their heads at the sudden proposal of number 28.

"You can take it in kind, or you can deposit it in the guild's bank."

Silverling Guild wizard Kon frowned.

"wait for a sec. What the hell is going on with 100,000 gold... ... ."

"Leave if you don't want to."

Number 28 turned to the crowd and said.

"On the condition that I and number 29 wear masks, I will immediately pay 100,000 gold to all mercenaries. If you don't agree, you can't join the mercenaries. It's a matter that has been discussed with the captain."

Everyone's heads started to spin rapidly.

"Hmm, he's from the King's side."

Kargin narrowed his eyes and looked at numbers 28 and 29.

Even if I'm not sure, the skills of those two are definitely different from other people including themselves.

'Occupy Radum, Mask, Tesiya Aria, 100,000 gold. It's only now that the hungry spirits match.'

Most of the mercenaries were thinking the same thing.

'It is an unofficial mission of the king. Something we don't know is happening inside Radum.'

So I'm thinking of closing it.

'But I am also considering the possibility of failure. Is that why you hide your identity?'

If the fact that they moved from the royal castle is revealed as physical evidence, they will suffer astronomical damage in the secret negotiations that must have existed, and in serious cases, the capital could be terrorized.

'It's not an issue that a single bureaucrat can take responsibility for. and men and women. Those were Lufist and Jane.'

The president of the association and the chief of staff scrambled at the same time.

Due to the constitution of a mercenary, he dislikes the rigid way of thinking of Wangseong, but in this situation, it could be said that he felt relieved.

'If he's really the president of the association, he'll know that we've already noticed.'

Still can't take off the mask.

There is a difference between fake and real evidence in the realm of information, and for the crew, it was also the difference between being eliminated without knowing or legally.

'I'd rather not take off the mask.'

"I will."

Everyone paid attention to Bromark.

"If you deposit 100,000 gold into your family today, I won't care who the mask is or what it does."

Bromak spread his arms and spoke to the crowd.

"Does everyone need to worry? When did we work with people? The moment they pay us, the mask becomes their employer."

If you're going to go into limb anyway, it's best to avoid power sapping.

Although not persuaded by Bromarch, there was no one who could not calculate the balance between money and survival.

"I agree."

A woman carrying a quiver raised her hand.

A woman named Joshua, the only archer in the mercenaries, her quick and accurate shooting and eye skills were excellent.

"But, I will take it in kind. That too right now."

Kargin asked.

"100,000 gold? Even if you get the highest grade, you can get 100 of them?"

"doesn't care. You can put it in the Kubrick."

Joshua showed the ring.

"Kuh, you're a woman who doesn't trust people. Then she cut off her finger."

"Do it if you can."

Joshua's eyes lit up like a cat's.

It was an eye technology called cat's-eye that could identify objects even in the dark.

"I will chase you to the ends of hell and kill you."

"Cheerful, with a temper tantrum... ... ."

Kargin clicked his tongue, but he didn't seem to hate it.

'I mean I like it.'

Rufist said.

"I will proceed with the understanding that everyone agrees."

There was no objection, and Shirone stood up.

"Then the payment for 100,000 gold is over and we meet again. We are leaving at midnight, so please take care of it as soon as possible."

Through Jane, Rufist paid 100,000 gold to all members except for the core members in their own way.

Those with families wanted money, and those who were single preferred Kubrick, as did Joshua.

Around the time the bell signaling midnight struck on the side of the castle, the Shirone mercenaries rode out of the Silverling Guild in a wagon.

After driving for about 30 minutes to reach Radum's back door, Joshua was the first to notice.

"I smell blood."

No matter who said it first, as they prepared to jump out, Lian opened the window and climbed to the ceiling of the carriage.

'It's quiet.'

Joshua, who had arrived next to him, activated Cat's Eye and looked everywhere.

"There is no ambush. There are fourteen corpses."

The crew got off the carriage in perfect order and Shirone approached the scene of the incident.

The back alleys of the slums were the only way to enter Radum, and the guards had collapsed in the narrow streets.

"This... ... ."

Murderer's fingerprints.

Now even Shirone knew who the culprit was.

"As expected, you came in first."

Lufist approached from behind Shirone's back.

"The fact that he came in means that La Enemy was 'present' here. Maybe I can catch a big fish."

If Mayray can identify Ra's purpose through her voice, Chagall can sense Ra's traces.

Closing Radum is a key goal, but if priorities change, you'll have to think about it.

'What is La Enemy?'

It was an unknown sound to some members, but now no one was arguing.

The payment had already been made.

"Shirone, it's a great life."

Sensing a murky desire rising from the other side of the narrow alley, Lian grabbed the handle of the sword.

"It smelled like something to eat."

Shirone turned to Lufist.

"Are you going to eat it?"

"dead body."

Rufist pointed to the body of the guard and said.

"It is the highest quality food that contains all the nutrients that humans need. because you are human That is why outsiders call the inhabitants of Radum this way."

Rufist's gaze aimed at the darkness.

"Ghoul."

=======================================
[667] To Radum (2)





Of course, Shirone knew that it was different from the corpse-eating monsters that inhabited the Middle East.

They were definitely human beings, and nonetheless, they were the ones who chose human flesh.

I could imagine what kind of place Radum was without recalling Canis' anecdote about eating filth.

In a space made of iron and stone, all they can eat is a lost animal or a human being seen next to them.

The thought of eating human flesh gave me goose bumps, but as the captain of the mercenaries, Shirone calmly responded.

"Come in. We will maintain a vigilant formation in case of an emergency."

As the 20 mercenaries passed through the barricade and approached the alleyway, I felt the sticky flesh shaking.

It was just darkness, but it felt like being buried in something wet like paint, and it felt like black water dripping like the mouths of hungry people.

"It's Radum from here."

After passing the straight alley with barricades, Rufist said.

The reason why the ghouls couldn't approach the corpse hastily was that this alley was the territory of the guards.

Jane whispered.

"Should I handle it?"

If the mercenaries left like this, the bodies of the guards would go down their throats.

"No, force it."

Retrieving the body and returning it to the family is the responsibility of the Magic Association president, but now there is a more important task left than that.

'Accessories of the kingdom.'

It was just an accessory that could be consumed at will to achieve its purpose.

"Light a torch."

I didn't want to provoke a needless provocation with Shining Magic, so the heavily armored swordsman Vicorn and the survival expert Bromak scratched their sons-in-law with torches.

The shadows flitted along the outer edge of the light that drove out the darkness and hid into the corner.

"That's strange."

Rufist stopped walking.

The ghoul's obsession was much worse than expected.

No matter how hungry they are, they are not stupid enough to be unable to distinguish between top predators.

If you see a 20-man mercenary, their physiology is to get out of the radius.

However, for now, he maintained a minimum distance and kept an eye on this side until the end.

"It's annoying, but should I wipe it out?"

Spearman Toto swung his spear and said.

He was a blacklisted person on the floor because of his violent and uncontrollable personality, but he joined the mercenary corps in recognition of his athleticism and excellent spearmanship in operating the four schemas.

"hey! worms! If you're going to do it, jump out quickly!"

As Toto's voice echoed at the entrance of the alley, Shirone frowned and turned around.

"Keep your voice down. If you provoke the enemy without permission, we will impose sanctions in the future."

Toto shrugged.

"For only ghouls... ... ."

It is common knowledge that Radum is dangerous, but it was a unit that was not weak enough to be intimidated by the corrupt.

"There is a trap."

said Bromarch, kneeling down and holding out a torch toward the alley.

"It's a booby trap connected by wire. These guys are luring us in."

"Aaaaaaa!"

Then, in the darkness, a ghoul roared as if it would break its throat and rushed at it.

'A fight?'

It was an unbelievable situation considering their first rule of survival.

"No need to be nervous! It's just a ghoul!"

As the 20 men lined up, the residents of Radum rushed from the darkness in all directions.

No matter who said it first, the wizards cast their shining magic, and the spheres of light floating in the sky lit up the scene of Radum.

"Ugh!"

Numerous corpses were strewn about in a terrible state.

It was a sight that gave goosebumps just by looking at a corpse with its intestines dug up, a corpse whose bones had already been rotted, and even a corpse whose eyes were empty.

"ha ha ha! I'm a mercenary for this taste!"

Toto was the only one who was excited, and whenever his spear swung, ghouls flew in all directions.

While the wizards couldn't find the timing to step out yet, Bicorn and Wig acted as guards on the left and right of the ranks and cut down the ghouls.

'It's also weak. But... ... .'

His temperament was so strange.

It was rather the ghouls that were terrified, and they didn't even feel like they were fighting.

"It's like... ... ."

It feels like animals fleeing a forest fire have no choice but to jump down a cliff.

"Gagging!"

When the twin swords were stabbed into the abdomen at the same time, the ghoul flinched and reached out.

"huh!"

I was about to twist the blade open to open the stomach, but the ghoul spoke in a dying voice.

"porridge... ... kill me."

"what?"

"Here... ... hell... ... !"

The ghoul opened its jaws with crazy eyes and shouted.

"Daaaaa!"

"Keugh!"

As he stepped back, he swung his twin swords up and down, splitting the ghoul's body in two.

"Mayray!"

Following Rufist's instructions, Mayray covered her ears with both hands and activated the god's frequency.

When the <Nemesis> worn in the form of a ring was activated, the core members heard the same sound she was hearing.

"damn! what!"

A huge scream came crashing in like a tidal wave.

If you lock 10,000 humans in one place and set them on fire, will you hear this sound?

A few people could be heard shouting in the waves of brain-numbing sound, but it was impossible to decipher.



-Carte Musiele! Cartision Vera Becca Ferbell!



'It's the voice of La Enemy!'

It sounded muddy and resonated as if he were talking while swallowing a rock.

'If you want to find me, find the hell inside you.'

The only people who could decipher it were Mayray, who was the priest of Terra Force, and Shirone of the Ultima System.



-Struggle in the pain of illusion! Is there meaning in meaninglessness! Become a god!



"What are you talking about?"

These were words that could not be understood only by deciphering.

Lian, who stood in front of Shirone, cut down the villagers with a single sword and said.

"The ghouls are crazy. La Enemy's words, what do you mean?"

The residents of this place must have met Ra Enemy.

"I don't know yet. There is something more that language alone cannot tell."

The Ghouls were annihilated within 5 minutes of the start of the battle.

If it was bland, it was a bland fight, but the expressions of the mercenaries were not good.

Because they too now felt something unpleasant.

"Why are you doing this? You've done a shameful killing."

Vicorn murmured as he wiped the blood from his blade, and Bromak pointed at the scenery of the alley beneath the shining magic.

"Look over there. It's all traps."

Countless steel wires were connected like a spider's web.

"When did you install it?"

"Hmm, if you're a veteran like me, you can finish it in an hour."

"It's an hour... ... ."

It was a time that Chagall would have already passed.

Bromak turned to Shirone and said.

"There are two ways. turn it off or bypass it. Which route is the existing one?"

"this way."

Rufist pointed to the place where the trap was set.

"Right. decision?"

It was Shirone's share.

"How long does it take to cancel?"

"Traps are more difficult to remove than to install. About an hour."

"Mmm."

While thinking about it, Bromak said with a smile.

"But if it were me, it could be done in 30 minutes."

"Then, let's go ahead and cancel it."

Since the goal was to get to the center by the shortest distance, taking the route from the beginning was rather a loss in terms of time.

"Then rest."

Bromak grabbed a tool from the toolbox and crawled across the floor with a knife in his mouth to the trap.

While the knights were taking a break while standing guard, Archer Joshua jumped up and aimed his bow at the rotten wooden box.

"what's the matter?"

"Someone."

her eyes burned red.

"Nightshot?"

It is a kind of see-through ability that detects heat, and it was an eye technique that had never been shown in the evaluation.

Examining the box with the Nightshot detected a human heat source hidden in a prone position.

"come out. My arrows pierce the railroad."

"Hee!"

The box shook and a person crawled out through a hole in the back.

"Sah, save me."

The bicorn grabbed the man by the collar and pulled him.

"What are you doing? Why were you hiding?"

"I-I am not a resident of Radum. I am a trap designer."

"trap? then... ... ."

Vicorn looked at Bromark, who was clearing the trap, and asked again.

"You mean you installed that? why? to catch us?"

"Oh no! I don't know why! The other day someone hired me. I want you to set a trap at the entrance of Radum."

Shirone asked.

"Who is that person?"

"The name was not disclosed. He was a young man, but he did not seem to be from this country."

Mayray covered her ears with both hands, but no voice was heard, only noise flowed.

"Hmm, then... ... ."

Just as the bicorn was about to ask another question, the man trembled as if in shock.

"what? What's wrong with this kid?"

"city... ... as... ... Yes... ... ."

A muffled voice came from the open throat.

"Dangerous! Back off!"

Just as Lian was about to slash his throat with a straight sword, Shirone held out his hand.

"wait for a sec!"

The man, who had been arching his upper body like a bow, slowly raised his head and stared straight at Shirone.

"For you... ... We have an obligation to answer the questions left behind."

"Any questions left?"

Shirone asked back, but the man looked up at the sky without answering.

The pupils of both eyes quickly rotated in opposite directions, and the original voice finally came out.

"Oh, no! help me! Aaaaaa!"

As the optic nerve was destroyed by the rapidly rotating pupils, bloody tears flowed down.

"Is it a human trap?"

The ground shook, and the sound of the trap's steel wire snapping fiercely could be heard.

"Bromark! Get out of there!"

The crew shouted, but Bromark was already bleeding from being hit by a steel wire.

"Damn it! What is this?"

The trap was triggered without even time to rescue.

"Space folds."

The alley closed like a sliding door, and Bromak, who fell to the floor, held out his hand.

"Aagh!"

The sound of bones crushing could be heard as the walls connected to each other.

Kargin frowned and murmured.

"He said he was a survival expert... ... ."

Without time to savor the absurd situation, the other members looked around.

Radum's structure was completely changed, and the walls were covered with fibers like visceral debris that had never been seen before.

The corpses standing up were motionless as if they were dead, and on the left and right sides of the newly created alley, a statue of a naked woman joined to a monster was carved.

"The entrance is also gone. How could this be?"

"Realization of the Five Senses."

Rufist looked up at the sky.

The reason you can see it even after the Shining magic disappears is because the sun is up.

However, it was not a brilliant sun like their world, but a sun burning with a red sunset as if it were about to die.

"I am trapped."

"What do you mean locked up?"

Rufist turned to Shirone and said.

"Even if the brain is pulled out and put in a vat, we can't feel it."

"no way?"

"yes. That's exactly how it turned out. Perhaps this is the scene the ghouls were looking at. He used the brainwaves of the man he used as a trap to create hell for us."

"Damn it! What the hell is this!"

Remo, an unofficial 5th-level defensive magician, shouted.

"I know someone followed you to get an explanation! No need to come up with a solution!"

"calm down. Because I am thinking."

"Stop talking nonsense! I felt bad from the start! Are you the president of the Magic Association?"

Rufist didn't answer.

"I don't need money or anything! get me out of here! Otherwise, sue... ... ! Gagging!"

Remo's eyes dried up and he collapsed, pouring blood.

"Damn it!"

Kargin hurriedly tried to use recovery magic, but he was already dead.

"What happened?"

Receiving Lufist's gaze, Jane shook her head as if it was unfair.

"I didn't kill him. I was thinking of killing him."

"Struggle in the pain of illusion."

Mayray came out.

"La Enemy's words. He also said that he finds meaning in meaninglessness. If this is also a kind of trust, wouldn't it be possible to think like this?"

she said, raising her finger.

"The moment you realize death, you really die."

=======================================
[668] To Radum (3)





"Remo!"

Jordyk ran to the fallen Remo and shook his body.

He could not accept the fact that he died in fear after fighting numerous battles as a member of the War Wagon Guild.

Above all, the Silverling and Blood Rose guild members were alive and well.

"wake up! What an embarrassment! Open your eyes quickly!"

Jordyk, impatient with his anger, suddenly flinched and began slowly backing away.

As if gravity had disappeared, Remo's corpse was standing upright, raising its body.

"This... ... ."

It was a world where something was seriously twisted.

Realizing that fact, Jordyk turned to Shirone and shouted.

"What happened! You never said anything like this!"

"Anyone can die. Didn't you come into the mercenary corps with determination from the beginning?"

Rufist's voice was still cold.

"Can you die? Does this situation just look dead now? No, why the hell is the body standing there?"

"Don't get excited. die."

At Shirone's blow, Jordyk shut his mouth.

It was actually a situation where there were deaths, but the most important thing was mind control.

"President of the Association, please explain properly. It is a situation where we cannot proceed with the mission without being convinced."

At Shirone's words, Lufist took off his mask. It was the point at which the meaning of hiding one's identity disappeared.

Jane also took off her mask and revealed her identity.

The fact that they were the president of the association and the chief of staff was confirmed with their own eyes.

"It is a kind of human trap. Also, in my opinion, this is only a trap to catch you."

Rufist pointed at Shirone and continued.

"La Enemy controls the human past through the memories of the five senses, but that method doesn't work for you. So I added one more step. You controlled the past of a certain person to create the present future, and you made him control your past."

Jane added.

"The brain in a vat is not mind magic. In short, it is to accept the world in a completely different way than the way you have felt so far."

After hearing her words, the crew looked back at the ever-changing landscape with serious eyes.

As the fibrous buildings beat like hearts, blood leaked out from the crevices.

Corpses stood on tiptoe, candles were lit in front of statues of demons large and small, and skeletons were rolling around on the floor.

"So what, you mean it was like this from the beginning? Are you saying the five senses just couldn't detect it?"

It gave me goosebumps in that it was not a realization of some madman's imagination, but an actual landscape according to the changes of the five senses.

"The five senses are everything."

When Lufist placed his palm on the muscle wall, dozens of tentacles protruded from the fibers and tried to swallow his arm.

Feeling real warmth and pulsation, he took it back before his arm was grabbed and continued.

"Maybe our senses have come to feel the real world. The reason why it resembles the appearance of hell that has appeared in numerous works may also be the result of a sixth sense."

"gibberish! Not sure! It doesn't help to create an atmosphere of fear with strange ghost stories!"

"I mean don't look away. Remo's death can also be explained if a specific signal is directly plugged into the brain. In the future, restrain your emotions and think carefully. The moment you lose your temper, hell will swallow you all."

Unlike the members of the team who swallowed their saliva with nervous faces, Mayray covered her ears with a calm expression.

"I can't hear your voice."

Because the five senses were already distorted, it was because the hearing was also dominated by the trap of the brain in the barrel.

"Take out the Nemesis. It's just a hindrance now."

When the core members opened the Kubrick's slot, the ring on their finger magically disappeared.

Shirone gave instructions.

"First survival, then escape. Search the area, then secure a safe zone. I need to find a way out of here."

Because the structure of Radum had changed, this place was no longer the beginning.

The mercenaries, who had lined up, began moving.

Looking at the terrible scenery, I was able to realize how futile the memories of the five senses I had felt throughout my life were.

"Damn it. Why did you come and bring it?"

The boundary of the atmosphere, like a glass wall that scattered the red sun, made me feel even more confined.

"stop. It is a ghoul."

Three ghouls were clinging to the wall and eating its muscles, but the nerves in the brain were paralyzed, and their stomachs were bursting and their intestines were spilling out.

Just when they thought it would be better to go crazy in a world like this, the ghouls turned their heads.

"Eat... ... . something to eat... ... ."

They smelled fresh human flesh and before they could take a step, they heard a scream coming from around the corner.

"Aww! help me!"

Then, countless ghouls all started running toward us with terrified expressions.

"Devil! The devil has appeared! Gagging!"

The ghoul who shouted from the front could not overcome the fear and rolled his eyes and died.

"Leader! What are you going to do?"

As the swordsmen drew their weapons and shouted, Shirone took the lead and fired a photon cannon.

The photon cannon, realized through the Spirit Zone, reached out and hit the ghouls with the same clear flash as before.

'it's okay. The Spirit Zone is not distorted.'

The ghouls were cleared in an instant, but before they could feel any relief, a thud rang from the other side of the alley.

"What, what?"

They were about 2 meters tall, wearing black cloths on their faces, and cleaver-like blades below their elbows.

The stomach was grotesquely bulging, and maggots were seething in the scars that had been sewn up with an iron core.

"Oooh!"

It was a look that made you vomit just by looking at it, but Shirone only thought of the proportions of size and weight.

'He is only 2 meters 20 centimeters tall. It must have weighed at least 1 ton to make the ground shake?'

Mayray said.

"It's Galloper. He is the chef of the underworld."

Shirone's head jerked back.

"Did you know?"

"Nope. It's my first time here too. But I have heard through the oracle."

The Gallopers who discovered the Shirone mercenaries also looked back at each other and talked in a language they did not know.

-Those guys, I think they can see us? Boundaries keep disappearing these days.

-Anyway, those guys over there are weak. good thing for us

'come!'

At the same time as Shirone felt it, the Gallofers all turned to the mercenaries and charged.

-It's a cooking ingredient!

As they approached while slashing down the ghouls, the structures began to beat rapidly as if their emotions had been assimilated.

"Shit! What else is this!"

Tens of tons of mass collided head-on with the mercenaries.

Etella, who pierced the abdomen while avoiding the blade, was able to grasp their strength in an instant.

'Is it too hard?'

I don't know if their senses are distorted or if their durability really exceeds the limit of a creature, but it was a meaningless analysis when the battle started.

"Yaaaaap!"

As I let out an angry spirit and fired a series of Yin-Yang wave fists, the body weighing more than 1 ton shook.

"Latra me da caporga (these guys are strong)!"

'Here it explodes!'

The moment Etella's twin blades hit the abdomen, a powerful wave shook the inside of Gallofer.

"Kuaaa!"

It took a while for the bumpy skin to stick out, and the rotten intestines spilled out as the side burst open with a bang.

"Aww."

Ethella, who was rubbing her tingling wrist and making a tired expression, hurriedly looked around.

'What about the others?'

The core members had a bit of a breather, but the back end was struggling.

As Galloper's durability defied common sense, the faces of the crew members who felt fear began to turn pale.

'no! Wake!'

The moment you are consumed by fear, you die.

It was like fighting against a mental cliff.

'Fight! I can win!'

He tries to make up his mind, but his face is bizarrely twisted, and eventually Toto, paralyzed by reason, brandishes a spear and pierces into the enemy camp.

"Die aaaaaa!"

It was a blow with all his might, but the accuracy was poor, and the iron broke when the spear was driven into the strongest abdomen.

While staring at the broken spear with a blank expression, Gallofer raised his arm and lowered the cleaver.

"Aaaaaaa!"

At the same time, Lian slipped in front of me and raised the falling cleaver with a large straight sword.

"Keugh!"

His expression distorted as the tremendous power was transmitted, but he looked back and shouted without even having time to care.

"Quickly evade!"

When I turned around, Toto, who had already lost his life, was standing there with his egg whites exposed.

"Patungaar! Patungaar!"

When I shouted with a voice that seemed to fill my throat with phlegm, the three nearby struck at the same time with their large swords.

It was like receiving a lump of rock.

'Push it away!'

At the same time as he lifted the great straight sword with the power of divine transcendence, Lian's knees began to slowly straighten.

"Patungaar! Patungaar!"

As they were pushed out of their strength, the panicked Gallopers mobilized their other arms and struck down kitchen knives.

Even in the face of a shock that sparked in his head, Lian did not give in and kicked the ground with both legs.

'Cut!'

As the will of divine transcendence pushed through Mach's power, the bodies of the four Gallopers split horizontally at the same time.

"Pooh!"

Rotten I slashed my great sword past the vibrating piles of corpses, and viscera spurted out.

"This won't be easy."

Rufist, who had twisted Gallofer's body with steel magic, opened his mouth as if to answer Lian's words.

"I don't feel good. It's an ambiguous situation to use wide-area magic because the allies are dense."

"I don't know what it is, but the weird rules are the problem. The fact that you will die if you lose in fear is actually raising your fear."

Rufist looked sideways and asked.

"You wouldn't be an exception, would you? This is hell."

Lian, who was lost in thought while looking at the red sky, spoke in a calm voice.

"... ... I thought you would go someday."

Then, dragging the big sword, he walked away from the battlefield.

"Everywhere people live is the same, right?"

Lufist, who had his eyes on Lian's back, turned to the other side and raised the corner of his mouth.

"Indeed, it is."

Thanks to the performance of the core members, the tight fight continued, but the problem was elsewhere.

'They're not killing us.'

Shirone dodged the kitchen knife with a nimble motion and wiped her throat, frowning.

'It's not enough just to win.'

Of the three deaths that have occurred so far, two have died from inner fear.

"Lian! Retreat with your crew!"

It was unusual for an improvised team that no one broke the line, but in reality it was impossible to escape.

'If your heart is broken, you will die!'

Everyone was desperately holding on, and when Shirone gave the order, no one bothered to turn around.

'This is the captain's order! I'm not scared!'

Rationalizing it like that, I retreated along with Lian, and Shirone blocked the alley alone.

"Leader! what are you doing!"

The bicorn shouted as the iron armor rattled, but Shirone did not even move and glared at the gallopers.

'It ends in one blow.'

Light rose from Shirone's body like burning oil, and then the incarnation of a gigantic light angel spread its wings.

A light angel held up a spear of light in a group of beautiful lights that made even the muddy scenery of hell look sacred.

"I-what is that?"



Incarnation of Light Angel - Angel's Punishment.



A line of light pierced diagonally and completely penetrated the floor covered with fibers.

'this... ... !'

It was hard enough for a person to step on, but it was like a sponge to the punishment of an angel that struck it at a tremendous speed.

For a while, the shockwaves generated from the underground caused structures everywhere to expand like balloons.

Whoops!

Due to the tremendous vibration, the world seemed to be overlapped in two, and shockwaves burst out along with blood from the walls on all sides.

"Kuaaaaa!"

With just that, the bodies of the Gallopers, who boasted steel-like skin, were torn apart like rats and scattered on the floor.

'The structure ate the shockwave.'

If so, it would be possible to apply wide-area magic within the range of not harming allies.

"Good?"

=======================================
[669] To Radum (4)





Shockwave-type magic created by a combination of relatively minimal mass and relatively extreme speed.

The destructive power was so strong that it looked like explosive magic, but the essence of the angel's punishment was a shock wave generated at supersonic speed.

When the torn and twisted structures stopped expanding and returned to their original places, all that was left was fragments like the remnants of gallopers that had been blown up by the vibrations.

'It is absorbed.'

Shirone watched their remains seep into the fibers of the floor.

It was terrifying to think that perhaps the entire structure here might have been made of corpses.

"Is it over, is it over?"

In the silence of the son-in-law, Con muttered.

To his left and right, who majored in earth magic, stood two golems wounded by Gallofer's attack.

Veteran B's pride was at a level where he couldn't even hold out his business card compared to the magic he had just a moment ago.

'Is that the magic of the ivory tower candidates?'

Aakman had already realized defeat, but the masters of the remaining two guilds were the first to see Shirone's inaction.

No, even if it wasn't limited to Shirone, it was the first time such an outrageous magic was used.

'perhaps... ... .'

Maybe we can survive in this hellish place.

Some people saw a ray of hope in that way, while others fell into despair, engulfed in an atmosphere of fear.

"Heh, hehe."

When I turned my head to the sound of crying, Elwe, a member of the Blood Rose guild, clenched my fists and shook my shoulders.

"Elwie, calm down. You must not lose courage."

Master Yvian was an extensive reader, but the emotions once stirred were not easily controlled.

"How to. the tears won't stop I will die now."

"it's not like that. You are alive, even now!"

It was the first time that the poison mage Elwie, who had been spraying powerful nerve gas on the battlefield, had shown such a weak side.

"Wrong! No matter how hard I try, the fear won't go away! I will die, I... ... !"

Suddenly she croaked and opened her mouth.

What is really scary is not fear, but oneself being engulfed in fear. Once one loses one's heart, one is endlessly sucked into darkness.

"uh? uh huh?"

Elwie's eyes dry up.

"Elwe! no! Be patient!"

That moment when everyone intuited that there would be another death.

"it's okay."

Shirone hugged Elwie.

"ah... ... Ahhh... ... ."

Elwe's pupils, which felt the warmth, gradually regained their place, and death was delayed for a while.

"Do not worry. No matter where this place is, I won't let you die in vain. Trust me and follow me."

A moment of relief flashed across Elwe's face, but then his lips pouted.

"lie! Because the captain is strong, he can say such things! In the end, the weak die first! Not even nerve gas works here!"

That was the root cause.

"You will abandon me! After all, you want me to die before anyone else!"

I could see with my own eyes how much fear breaks the human spirit.

"Poison is useless here."

Shirone looked straight into the eyes of the surprised Elwie and explained calmly.

"But if you leave here, Mr. Elwe's magic will be of great help to your power. He didn't even hire in the first place unless he needed someone. So you can trust me."

"really? Do you still need me?"

"Absolutely. And look, he's still alive and well without dying like this."

Elwi finally realized that death had bypassed him.

"A magician like Mr. Elwe can restore his mind as much as he wants. So let's try harder, we."

Although unofficial, Elwe was also a wizard.

"thanks."

When Elwe finally came to his senses and smiled, Shirone also smiled.

However, when he looked back at the crowd and gave instructions, his smile vanished before he knew it.

"According to biological time, it is dawn now. It seems that there is no point in moving forward in this state, so let's find a place to rest."

There was no disagreement because the fatigue in the terrible environment was enormous.

The place he arrived at, avoiding the ghouls as much as possible, was inside a huge heart that seemed to have once been a huge warehouse.

"It's warm."

It was his only consolation, and he was disgusted with it.

"What kind of world were we living in?"

As the atmosphere calmed down at Kon's words, Shirone refreshed it.

"I keep a vigil. There are enough people, so it would be better to set a turn and go around while the mission is over."

Kargin thought of a joke, 'what if someone dies in the meantime?' but didn't say it out loud.

"I do it first."

Quan, who had been trained in this way, limped out of his heart.

"If that person... ... ."

The crew let out a sigh of relief so that they could not be heard.

It was already proven through the battle with Galloper that he was the best among the mercenaries.

'I'm sorry.'

It felt good to think that diplomat Aria's bodyguards were protecting her, so Quan also volunteered to be the first to watch.

"Keep your eyes closed for a moment. We will leave in three hours."

You can't get enough rest, but in a battlefield like this, you'll have to sleep to avoid dying.

Even so, most of the crew couldn't sleep.

It felt like the heartbeat of the structure grew louder as my consciousness sank.

'Neo... ... .'

Archer Joshua rose from his seat and opened the pendant hanging around his neck.

"Are you a lover?"

When I quickly turned my head at the sudden voice, Kargin laughed.

"Not interested. I hate inspiration."

"Have you ever been interested?"

After thinking for a moment, she opened her mouth.

"what do you want?"

Kargin pointed at the pendant with his chin.

"Are you a lover?"

"no."

Inside the pendant was a picture of a four-year-old child.

"He is my son."

"Hmm, I didn't know you were married?"

"I didn't. I don't even know who the father of the child is. I didn't have iron back then... ... ."

If you live as a mercenary for a long time, you can meet quite a few men who want money for a night.

In some cases, the pay was better than the mission, so Joshua agreed when he felt like it, but it was a mistake to be careless and not use birth control.

Kargin also skipped the question as there was no way he didn't know the physiology of the mercenaries.

"Are you so obsessed with money because of your son?"

"He is dead."

The pendant closed with a thud.

"It was heatstroke. They say you're infected with a virus or something. There was a cure. I just didn't have any money."

Joshua's words ended there.

"It's too bad."

Maybe because it was hell, I heard it from the bottom of my heart.

"you are? Do you have a family?"

Kargin laughed bitterly.

"Unfortunately, I am still an old bachelor. A true old bachelor. Of course, I am not a male bachelor."

Joshua laughed at the old nonsense.

"No kidding. Would you like to check it out?"

As Kargin got into a position to lower his trousers, Joshua turned his head coldly.

"You're a crazy inspiration."

"Hey, it doesn't matter, does it? There's nothing like this to overcome fear. Besides, the fact that the five senses have changed means that you might be able to taste something new."

"Why me? There is a beautiful monk over there, and there is also a diplomat from one country."

"That's because you're the prettiest."

It's an obvious lie, but it didn't make me feel bad.

"How much will you give me?"

"what?"

"Are you pretty? Call it over there."

Kargin thought for a moment and then took out the finest gold coin from Kubrick.

When Joshua said he would receive it in kind, he tackled it, but it was the same that he had no family.

"This is all my property."

The 100,000 gold received from Rufist was all in his hand.

"They say it's Junchi even if it rots."

He was an inspiration with a knack for moving people.

After snatching 50,000 gold from Kargin, she put it in the Kubrick and stood up.

"I'll take half. Let's go out the back door."

Kargin, shyly taking the remaining gold coins, followed and asked.

"I really don't care... ... ."

"Don't throw your life away for something like this. I will definitely come out alive, so enjoy it to the fullest then, old man."

Some fell asleep, but the core members, including Shirone, were lost in thought in the corner, and Joshua turned to Shirone as if asking for permission.

Lufist gestured as if to do it on his own, and the two went out through the back door.

"it's okay?"

"Why? Would you like to relax too?"

Shirone was in no mood for a joke.

"It is dangerous. What kind of emotional changes affect the nature of this world... ... ."

"Don't ask for too much. They too are holding on desperately. If you push me further here, I will really die."

It was a fact that he could know because he was the president of the association who had experience with numerous subordinates.

The core members, including Shirone, are the owners of mental strength that are said to be one of the best in the kingdom, but the stress that ordinary mercenaries experience in a situation where they die just because they are afraid is beyond imagination.

Considering Elwe's situation, it was not something he couldn't understand, so Shirone kept quiet about that part.

"there... ... Mr. Mayray."

"Ah yes?"

She kept covering her ears and experimenting with God's frequency, but she turned her head.

"You said it was an oracle earlier, right? What exactly is that?"

Jane was trying to find a way to escape, but with no results, Mayray's information was important.

"Oh yeah."

Sitting next to Shirone, she explained.

"Actually, it is ambiguous to call it a memory. Because the trust process is so dreamy. It just came to my mind when I came here. Some information comes to mind that way."

"Didn't you say the other side of the world?"

"Yes. But that's just my interpretation of the term. They perceive the world with far more senses than humans. I won't make a distinction between the world we live in and this place right now."

"Why didn't you tell me beforehand?"

"The fact is... ... What I am saying now is just coming to my mind."

If it was something like a free association technique, it would have been possible to draw it out more through conversation.

"What does it mean to be integrated?"

Mayray blinked for a moment before opening her mouth.

"Did I ever call you a chok before?"

"Yes. Mr. Maylei is Cheong."

"That was the first thought that came to my mind when I heard about the ability to explode the statue of Buddha. My brother has probably opened his sixth sense."

"Me?"

"The Church of Terraforce, no, the Terraforce Gods, to be exact, classify the types of senses into eleven. Humans have all five senses, but some sensory entities understand the universe with more senses. Do you know what the apex of the senses, the 11th sense, is called?"

When Shirone shook her head, she pointed at Shirone.

"It's a sense of emptiness, that is, the Ultima system."

"Ultima is... ... The eleventh and final sense?"

"I know, brother, that you have the final Gaian senses. But interpreting signals isn't the essence of Ultima. The human sixth sense is expressed through the integration of the five senses. The seventh sense is expressed through the integration of the sixth sense. When you have gone through integration in this way and reached the 11th level, everything becomes one. I think this was the knowledge of the Terraforce gods."

As if more information was pouring in, Mayray's words sped up.

"Humans have five senses, so the expression of the sixth sense is temporary. But my brother opened it perfectly. The sixth sense they call, the sense of time. It's a clear feeling that transcends time and accepts it."

Suddenly, not only Rufist but also Jane came and listened.

"If you really want to open your 11th sense, you have to keep integrating it to open up new senses. I don't know if it's biologically possible, but at least they did."

"How many senses do you have? I mean Terraforce."

"I don't know exactly. It's clear that you haven't reached your 11th sense, but it won't be low either. After all, you know about this place because you opened your seventh sense."

Jane asked as if from a sudden thought.

"They said that a sense of oppression ruins time. Then what about the 7th sense?"

"Yes. Break down the barriers of space. A sense that breaks down the boundary between existence and non-existence ."

Mayray spread her palms wide as if there was a wall in front of her eyes.

"The 7th Sense Bakji."

It was another sense to reach the ultimate.

=======================================
[670] Lord of Terror (1)





'Brain in a barrel' was Ra Enemy's unique ability to awaken human senses and feel the reality of the underworld.

7th sensory phenomenon.

Under the sense of a much higher level, the existing five senses lost their meaning.

'Where are you?'

The wild dog, which had lost its sense of smell, was still roaming the hell.

'Come out. Appear in front of me.'

Dragging a bag full of daggers, Chagall walked endlessly down the bloody road.

Even though he had already killed dozens of gallopers, their flesh did not quench his thirst.

"La Enemy."

Chagall killed Ra seven times.

Without a doubt, it stopped breathing, and even mutilated the body to such an extent that there was no more place to stab.

'Why can't I kill him?'

As the number of killing Ra increased, the nostalgia for the incident became clearer and the pleasure rather dulled.

In the last, seventh murder, I lost my reason, so I couldn't even remember how I killed him.



- Because someone has already forgiven.



Raiden's words came to mind.

'Being human, we all make mistakes. then... ... .'

Humans themselves are evil.

If even the possibility of choosing evil is evil, no one deserves to be alive.

'Kill, kill, kill again.'

When all possibilities for evil are obliterated, the world achieves perfect stability.

So Chagall became a murderer.

Even though he knows that he is the target of the final murder.

"What is that again?"

Quan turned his head at the sound of the bag being dragged.

For the first time, a sense of tension appeared on his face, which had remained calm in the face of the grotesque phenomena of the underworld.

"who are you?"

Chagall, who stopped approaching with just one movement of aiming his sword, felt the same way.

'Similar to me.'

Although he was a genius, he was also a distorted person.

"How many did you kill?"

When Chagall asked how many corpses had been piled up to reach the present state, Quan laughed and said,

"1 person."

As always, there was only one person in front of me.

"You must be Chagall."

Chagall did not answer.

"Think of it as unlucky. I don't know how it got here, but I can't send it back like this."

Quan had never really had a special connection with Etella, but if I had to choose a side, it was her side.

"Whoa."

Chagall wiggled his upper body left and right.

The movement that anyone can follow contains the deep true intention of the pendulum movement.

Quan was bitter at the feeling of the world shaking.

'Was it like this?'

Since he always fought from a deceitful position, he was rather interested in Chagall's technique.

"sorry but... ... ."

Quan's body soared like a hawk.

"That's my skill."



Asymmetric clown clown clown.



Chagall's body staggered in the illusion that the world was tilting as the line of movement was momentarily twisted in the air.

'what... ... This?'

The feeling of bewilderment was short-lived, and he kicked off the ground and threw himself, feeling a terrifying death.

Quan's knife grazed his shoulder.

'Circus series. He is also the best acrobat.'

The cells controlled by the schema became hot.

How long had it been since he felt the desire to kill so deeply?

"Cheack."

As soon as he landed, Chagall twisted his back and threw his bag into the air, and dozens of daggers rained down.

Amidst the shower of blades, his arms moved faster than the insect's wings.

Quan's eyebrows twitched at the vibration of the air.

'ground connection.'

A technique of folding parts of a schema to enhance certain features.

More extreme, there are things like wrinkles (over face) and tears (giving up body feedback), but the aftermath was considerable.

'This must be pretty tricky.'

Quan's line of movement, which had been infiltrating the opponent's back, twisted as if it were distorted, then circled around again.

Chagall smiled and waved his arms.

"Come on, acrobat."

The daggers raging in the air moved at the same time, spewing out quick-firing sword shells in all directions.

'Sheesh, did you have a long-distance skill?'

Quan, who decided that taking time off was a loss, spewed out 12 external gravity forces and burrowed into Chagall's territory like a snake.

'It's here.'

Chagall's eyes widened, and finally, the strongest acrobat and the strongest juggler competed in skill.



* * *



"It's a sense of breaking down the boundaries of space."

After hearing the explanation about Bakji, Shirone asked back.

"What kind of sensation is that?"

Mayray shook her head.

"There is no way to explain it. Since the sense of time is completed through the integration of the five senses, even ordinary people can sometimes feel it. But Park Ji is the integration of the sixth sense. For a being with five senses, it is difficult to even imagine."

said Jane.

"But from a technical point of view, Shirone is possible, right? Because you have already perfectly integrated your sixth sense."

If ordinary people are helped by the sixth sense, Shirone is also more likely to feel the seventh sense under special conditions.

If so, it would be a major hint to escape the hidden world, but from the point of view of the person concerned, it was difficult to even get a feel for it.

"Even if you said that, let's try it when we know what it is."

Shirone looked at Mei-lei with a hint of anticipation, but she didn't seem to remember much about Pakji either.

"What is certain is that the other world overlaps with the world we live in. It is a distinction in the realm of the senses, but it does not mean that the existing world has disappeared."

In the higher senses, if it is clearly one world, there is no way that mankind has not been interfered with by the other world.

Shirone thought of the occasion when he felt a chill for no reason when he was alone.

Can we conclude that the imaginations of so many artists just came from their heads?

If he was influenced in any way by the Underworld, this was the source of human inspiration.

'The past, present, and future are simultaneously contained in one space.'

This is the sense of excitement.

'Existence and non-existence are simultaneously contained in one time.'

This is Park Ji-gam.

'Thus, if you can recognize the existing world and the other world at the same time, you can get out of here. The question is how... ... .'

While Shirone was lost in her thoughts, the heart-shaped structure suddenly began beating rapidly.

"what! what's the matter!"

The crew woke up with surprised expressions, and the core members who sensed the change stood up all at once.

"That one?"

The gap in the space was cut vertically, and another owner of the behind world appeared.

He was 3 meters tall and clad in black iron armor, and the inside of the helmet was as dark as if it were empty.

He was riding a black horse whose eyes had been harvested, and blue flames rose from the tip of the hanging spear as if it were alive.

"I remembered."

Mayray trembled and said.

"Igor, Lord of Terror. The reason why the terrified crew members died is because this was his territory."

The brain in a vat transforms the human five senses into raw, vivid, and Igor's fear directly impacts the brain.

Rufist asked.

"Are you strong?"

"My rank is division commander. I have never heard of force through the oracle."

If the class system of the other side world was similar to the existing world, the division commander was a position that could not be called low.

"Lactas Vera Imera (Submit to Fear)!"

Raising his right arm, Igor slammed the blue-flamed spear into the ground.



* * *



"Whoa."

Kargin let out a long puff of cigarette smoke.

"how? Is it okay to age?"

Joshua, who adjusted his clothes and meticulously maintained his breastplate, took Kargin's cigarette.

"You'd better stop talking nonsense and stay on your toes. Thanks to you, I couldn't sleep."

"I won't die if I don't sleep a day. Now that I'm in a good mood... ... yes?"

Kargin, who was about to snatch the cigarette back, was startled to see the burning butt at the tip of Joshua's finger.

"what are you doing? Aren't you hot?"

I hit the back of my hand and the cigarette fell, but she didn't even feel it and was staring somewhere.

"Leo... ... ."

His son, who had died of heatstroke at the age of four, was watching Joshua from the back of a narrow alley.

"Mom, I am very sick. My body hurts so much."

"Leo!"

Joshua jumped up and ran into the alley, and Kargin put on a robe and chased after him.

"wait! Why all of a sudden... ... !"

However, he also found a woman standing on the road and froze.

"Marian?"

It was a woman who met when he was a rookie and promised him a future, but died in a surprise attack by a monster while carrying out a mission.

Kargin, who had fled with all his might while she was being eaten, realized that the rest of his life would be nothing but despair.

"Too... ... too young I was so scared! Sorry! I'm sorry, Marian!"

"You said you were scared? Were you more scared than me? Look what I went through then!"

The events of the day 40 years ago unfolded in Kargin's retinas, revealing a horrific scene.

"Oh, no!"

The fear hidden on the other side of oblivion was activated.

"No eh eh eh!"



* * *



"no! I am not a coward!"

The bicorn, armed with heavy armor, crouched like a bear and trembled.

Memories of being bullied as a child among friends were staining the prosecutor's mind with fear.

Memories of terrible mistakes that you would have experienced at least once in your life.

Only the core members remained silent, contemplating the events unfolding on their retinas.

"What else is this?"

Without even analyzing the current situation, Lian put the great sword over his shoulder and moved forward.

"Murderer!"

In the endless sea of ??darkness, corpses rose to the surface.

"I... ... admitted defeat I never meant to stab you in the back. But you cut me down without mercy."

It was.

"Are you going to be strong? Did you kill me just for that reason? How many lives has your heroic spirit destroyed?"

It was.

"My family starved to death. because you killed me It's all because of you! You are a murderer!"

Even while the hundreds of corpses he had killed so far formed a siege and shouted, Lian did not answer.

"die! Repent with death for your life, which is full of mistakes, for the many lives you ruined because of your mistakes!"

The rotting and tattered corpses rushed towards Lian with desperate movements.

"This is the tragedy you created!"

At the same time, Lian's expression distorted and his teeth bared as he swung his great straight sword.

The corpses, split in two in one blow, fell to the floor and raised their hands with a grievous expression.

"why... ... ."

Tears of blood flowed down the darkened eyes.

"Aren't you ashamed of yourself as a human being? Are you saying that you have taken so many lives and have no conscience at all?"

If Lian was really cold-blooded, he wouldn't have experienced these memories in the first place.

"It is a belief."

It is not subject to understanding or analysis.

"Whether it's a nightmare, a demon, or something truly resurrected."

When Lian trampled on the face of the corpse, which was crying bloody tears, the brain exploded with a bang.

"If you cut it once, you can cut it again and again."

Whoo oh oh!

As the corpses filling the space screamed and charged, Lian stepped into the middle of the crowd and swung his sword.

"die! die! Repay with death!"

"Wait in Hell, you fools."

Lian's face contorted with anger as he hacked up the body of the already dead again.

"I will die as much as I want after I establish the kingdom of belief."

A huge path opened behind Lian's back as he cut straight through the corpses rushing in like a tidal wave.

=======================================
[671] Lord of Terror (2)





* * *



"It's on fire! It's the Grassleaf Circus!"

Chagall, who was shopping at the market, threw away the luggage he was carrying and ran to the place where the circus tent was located.

"You scumbags!"

He toured all over the Marchen kingdom, but he hated the place where Chagall first met Raiden.

It was because the trio of troublemakers who had been harassing the circus troupe for a long time had grown into leaders of the gang, and they were aiming for Tia.

'no!'

He climbed the mountain in an instant with his genius athletic ability, but the flames were already burning.

'If something happened to Tia... ... .'

Chagall shook his head.

'Just stay alive!'

A corpse was visible from outside the tent, and it was hopeful on the one hand that Raiden, the rapid-fire sword, had broken the taboo on killing.

"Captain! Tia!"

When the tent was wide open, a bloody map of hell spread out.

"T-Tia... ... ."

Among dozens of corpses, Chagall immediately found Tia.

There were dozens of sheaths, and three leaders of a hateful mob were lying dead with their tongues stuck out next to them.

everyone is dead

Only one person, Raiden of the rapid-fire sword, climbed a high box and bowed his head.

I would have thought it was a corpse if I hadn't been wiggling my legs.

His face was bloody, his eyes drained of life.

"La Enemy."

"Captain... ... why?"

Did he even kill Tia?

"Captain!"

The moment Chagall shouted, Raiden raised his head as if he had come to his senses.

"La Enemy!"

Jumping out of the box, he rushed at Chagall, and the daggers rose of their own accord, as if drawn by the wind, and caught them in his hands.

As dozens of blades aimed at vital points at the same time, Chagall instinctively performed the same technique.

As the ownership of the dagger changed in real time, the master and the disciple unfolded the skill of their ignorant hands.

As Raiden called him a genius, Chagall's ability to operate as many as seven schemas is already in full swing.

As the ownership of the dagger was completely transferred to Chagall, dozens of holes were pierced in Raiden's body.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

I couldn't even remember what happened.

Only the fear that Tia had died and that he had killed the leader who killed Tia lingered in his head.

"Huh!"

As he went mad, Raiden said.

"Forgive me."

Chagall's head jerked.

"Why did you kill him? why... ... Why!"

"Forgive me."

The words, which were once Chagall's convictions, now remain as the will of the director, whose meaning is unknown.

"Why eh eh!"



* * *



While everyone was struggling with Igor's fear, Shirone stood in a dark space.

Fear is an emotion that arises from imagining something that hasn't happened or not being able to turn a blind eye to something that has already happened.

None of this was true for Shirone, whose car reading was close to 90 percent.

So what appeared in front of him was fear itself, Igor.

"Carr, de Sumahem?"

Is it unique?

The meaning of Igor has been transmitted through the Ultima System.

"You can't overpower me. Please let us go now."

"no."

Igor raised his spear.

"It is not unique."

The spear of blue flame flew and landed on the spot where Shirone threw herself, and blue lightning spread in concentric circles.

'It would be dangerous if hit.'

When I took a long detour with teleportation and fired the photon cannon continuously, the body pierced by the flash melted away like smoke and quickly regained its original form.

'fear. Does that mean that ignoring it doesn't make it disappear?'

Before I knew it, a new spear was in Igor's hand, and as he swung his arm at great speed, blue flames filled Shirone's field of vision.

'Let's do this!'

Shirone flew into the air and cast an angel's punishment, embodying the incarnation of a light angel.

The spears of light and blue flame crossed countless times.

The punishment of the angels poured down like a shower was enough to crush Igor in one blow, but each time, his body was endlessly restored.

'How are you going to get rid of it?'

The right arm, which was the first to be restored, threw endlessly.

'Poems of fire!'

Igor's head tilted slightly as Shirone evaded thousands of spears rushing in like a tidal wave.

"I'm a bit enlightened."

"what?"

Like the plucking of a string, Igor's body lines vibrated and multiplied in numbers to fill the horizon.

"The fear is within you!"

Igor's space was filled with spears of blue flames.

In a situation where there was no place to evade, a spear directly hit Shirone's body.

"Big!"

As the electric shock spread, the will of fear bypassed 90% Kar and acted on 10% Humanity.

The horror is amazing... ... .

'what?'

It was a memory from a very long time ago about Shirone's death.

'Ikael?'

Ikael was kneeling in Arabot, where Anchera resided, and numerous subjects were criticizing her.

The reason why no sound can be heard is that the subject with this memory cannot hear the sound.

It was the first time Shirone had seen her shed tears so sorrowfully.

It's not because you're being criticized.

With the spirit of an archangel, even death would not come as a terror to her.

'Why are you crying?'

Her sobbing face showed emotions that were very human, not an archangel.

It was maternal love.

Shirone burst into tears.

'Why are you crying!'

The subject of the memory was obviously Shirone himself, but it was a memory that was never contained in his head.

'Kariel!'

The man who had tormented Shirone in heaven looked down at him with an arrogant gaze and turned his head in disgust.

Suddenly, I had this thought.

'I... ... What condition is it?'

What kind of condition is it that no sound can be heard, all sights are open, and even the mouth is not open?

After a while, the triangular mara pushed its face.

A face resembling a lizard with red skin, flames were spewing from the long slit nostrils, but there was no feeling.

'What the hell am I!'

I couldn't see myself in any way.

As Mara slowly raised her upper body, the huge ax in her arms soared into the sky.

'This is my death?'

Fear began to set in as a death he had never experienced before seeped into his memory.

'Die!'

Shirone's life ended when the ax of the triangular Mara was thrust down.

At the same time, the body pierced by Igor's spear convulsed, and blue electricity spread in all directions.

"Aaaaaaa!"

fear!

Igor's fear ability created the cause by resurrecting the death of Shirone in a previous life that did not exist in his life.

This was exactly what La Enemie wanted, and his case tried to infiltrate Shirone's mind.

- You finally got it!

Just when the memories of the five senses were about to change Shirone's past, protrusions protruded from Armand's robes.



Small world creation!



As the memories of all five senses were blocked, Shirone's body fell into a dark space lit by small torches.

"Uhhh! Whoops!"

Just when I was trembling in fear that hadn't gone away, I heard the sound of sharpening a knife.

Wiping away tears, I looked up and saw a woman with fangs protruding from her lips, sharpening her sword on a whetstone.

"It is a pity, my lord. What a pity."

'host?'

The torch was warm, and the fact that his senses had returned was a relief.

"Who are you?"

I guessed, but it was also true that I had no choice but to ask.

"I am sharpening my knife."

Thinking that there was no answer, Shirone, who was approaching her, stopped walking.

Only her face was illuminated by the light source, and her body covered in darkness was a collection of all kinds of creatures tens of meters in size.

In the goosebumps, Shirone found familiar things.

Galtomic of the Jinmai type, Ringer of the cervical mineral type, and Akamai were clinging to it, and the image of the unconscious fallen angel Ikasa was also mixed up.

"I can be anyone."

Just by raising her upper body, her face rose 10 meters high, and her right arm, the only human figure, aimed a sword.

"Many beings embraced me and trampled on me. The same goes for you, Shirone."

A mental assimilation is achieved, but Shirone holds the initiative to the end.

I couldn't even imagine how painful it would be if it was a human-to-human union.

"It doesn't matter. Because it's already committed. That's why I just accepted it when you put so many things into my body."

"Uh, that... ... ."

"It's fine. Because it's my last name. However, this is also fate."

"What do you mean?"

"The only time I call my master is once in my life, when I take away the master's mind and body."

Shirone slowly backed away.

"Are you going to kill me?"

"There is nowhere to run. Because this is me, it's you."

Oddly enough, it made sense.

"Tell me why."

"I was overcome with fear. Every owner I've had to bear has been like that."

"It didn't break! You can still fight!"

"Even if I send it like this, I will die anyway, Shirone."

The woman smiled sadly for a moment, then rushed towards Shirone, revealing a murderous intent.

"It was a short time, but it was fun."

Realizing her true feelings, Shirone cast a photon cannon, but she easily swung her sword and bounced them off.

"It's no use. You and I are one."

I felt the past and the future of one second at the same time, but there was a woman everywhere.

'You're sharing my time equally.'

Even a second ago and a second later, the blade would pierce Shirone's head with precision and split his body in half.

In the face of absolute death taking place within the unified cognition, Shirone couldn't even dare to move.

'This is how it ends.'

It was rather easy to accept because there was no room for denial.

Ariane Shirone.

The moment the words carelessly engraved on her body shined, another name engraved on the inside came to mind.

'I can't die like this!'

Because Ariane Shirone exists, the concept of Karmis Amy can be conceived.

'Armand exists because I exist.'

As the concept corresponding to the number 2 of the law hit the brain along the path of insight, lightning flashed in the dark space.

"... ... ."

The sword the woman wielded passed right through Shirone, and she slowly looked back at Shirone without showing any emotion.

"The cut is... ... Is it me?"

sword of the senses.

Shirone and Armand, integrated into the Ultima System, were separated into two by the sword of existence and non-existence.

The woman who had penetrated Shirone walked over to the torchlight and began sharpening her sword again.

"good. I think I can live a little longer."

"You don't know how to get out?"

"lie. You already know, right?"

Shirone realized why he hesitated to leave.

"there... ... thank you. And I'm sorry."

It was sincere.

"I am not a being. It's a concept."

The woman turned her head and smiled.

"I will swallow anything of you. Be strong."

Feeling that even asking her identity would hurt, Shirone simply lowered her head and turned around.

If you leave this place, a terrible fear will await you, but you are no longer afraid.

'wait!'

Shirone's determined gaze aimed at the dreadlord behind the thin film.

Park Ji.

=======================================
[672] Lord of Terror (3)





existence and non-existence.

It is defined separately like the front and back of a coin, but Park Ji-gam recognizes it as only one coin.

As the world of the small world was closed, Igor, the lord of terror, reappeared.

"How are you alive?"

The sight of Igor filling the horizon and uttering one voice at the same time was truly hideous.

However, Shirone was looking at La Enemie, who created the current situation.

'What is he thinking?'

The fact that even Igor, the head of the underworld's division, was under his design meant that La Enemy's long-cherished wish was far greater than expected.

"Can I get out of here again?"

The spear of the blue flame rushed in again, filling the space, but Shirone did not avoid it any longer.

'It must have been like this.'

The coin had been flipped from the moment Igor first appeared and thrust his spear into the ground.

'Turn over again.'

As the spear passed, it exploded in Shirone's face and pierced her torso and limbs.

However, like the moon reflected on the surface of the water, the ripples rippled and the body was quickly restored.

'This place is in my heart.'

Of course, I expected it, but guessing it and accepting it with my senses were completely different matters.

The reality of Igor, felt by his seventh sense, was as clear as when he grabbed an object with his hand.

"You weakling!"

Igor threw his spear frantically, but it didn't reach Shirone anymore.

Geumgangtae's spirit is clearly in the realm of non-existence.

However, Shirone was able to control her mind like her body, and the range of strengthening of the spirit zone generated from it was unmatched.

"Stop disappearing."

When Shirone held out his hand, a halo was born, and a brilliant flash of light flew like a dagger and inserted 100% of the information in an instant.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Overwhelmed by the presence of a perfect circle, Igor let out a tear-jerking scream, and the photon cannon reinforced with a magical power amplifying device passed through Ataraxia with a bang and vibration.

Igor's scream faded into the distance as the world turned white.

aaaaa... ... .

As the space they were in shrunk, they were endlessly sucked into Shirone's mind, and the events flowing from Shirone's retina in the other world also disappeared.

"... ... ."

After blinking for a moment, Shirone looked down at her chest as if checking the battlefield she had fought so far, then raised her head.

The Spear of the Blue Flame was still stuck in the floor, and Igor sat silently on his horse.

"Pull out the window. You'll have to keep in mind that you too can perish here."

"Car de Suma (the only one)."

Igor's right hand slowly grabbed the spear.

"Anke la (called)."

"Did he instruct me to instill fear? To rule my past."

Guffin clearly said that Hexa had no cause.

But why does Shirone keep the past she has not experienced in her memory?

said Igor.

"La Enemy is an event that only existed in the past. But that incident is dangerous enough to tear down the borders of the other world. We are partners in space, but we are also enemies that must never be met. If you disappear, Ra Enemy will disappear too."

It was the reason why Igor personally appeared to eliminate Shirone.

"Maybe. However, if the realm of existence is dominated, won't this world be safe after all?"

"... ... I guess so."

"Free your comrades. Because I have no intention of giving up."

Igor carefully studied Shirone's expression.

"Is it possible to stop Ra?"

"It's not something I do because it's possible."

"La Enemy will eventually break the borders of the world. Do you think you can handle it?"

Countless non-existences that could only be interfered with will become real and roam the world.

'Well, just looking at the current situation.'

Aren't mercenaries who have trained in their own way forcibly experiencing the trauma of the past?

If the boundaries were broken and Igor was released into the world, I could guarantee that it would become hell within a day, wherever it was.

"You know you can't avoid it, right? If we don't stop it, everything will end eventually."

Igor, who was carefully thinking about it, rummaged through his arms and pulled out a small, glowing blue flame.

"He who overcomes fear, receive the mark."

Igor held out his hand, and blue flames flew like flower seeds and landed on Shirone's palm.

The blue flame received by the seventh sense was in the form of a necklace in the world of existence.

"Where there is fear, there I will be."

The necklace of Igor, Lord of Terror.

Armand gave an immediate signal as Shirone put it around his neck through the gourd.

-New EEG detection. Paralysis of a series of mental processes that accompany fear.

It was the effect of forcibly dispelling fear.

It was a must-have item for Shirone, who was about to be dominated by La Enemy in the past.

"That will define you and me. Come to me when the time is right."

Just like when Igor, who turned the dead horse, appeared, he opened the space vertically and disappeared.

When Igor's ability was lifted, the crew groaned and fainted, freed from the terrible nightmare.

On the other hand, the key members quickly figured out the situation as Igor disappeared.

"Has it hurt you?"

"Uh, that... ... ."

Just as Shirone was about to answer, Chagall's voice was heard from outside.

"Die!"

Then, when the sound of iron colliding with iron reverberated at breakneck speed, no one went out of the structure without saying anything first.

"That one?"

Quan and Chagall, who had escaped from memories of the past, were fighting bloody battles, boasting tremendous prowess.

"It's Chagall."

At Lufist's words, Ethella's eyes tightened.

'The author said Master... ... .'

Indeed, the skill itself was real, with no room for disagreement.

Among the heavenly members, even against Quan, who is competing for the primacy, his movements that did not fall behind, especially his juggling skills with dozens of daggers at the same time, were overwhelming.

'The author is the master!'

But that was not a reason to kill the archbishop of Karsis.

"I'll catch it!"

Without seeking consent, Ethella threw herself.

If she had poor skills, she would run away the moment she got caught up in the gap between the two prosecutors, but she subtly cut through the gap in the line of movement that transcended common sense.

'I will not take revenge!'

At this, Etela, the evil spirit, poured out a Yin and Onion Wave Fist.

'But you'll have to explain!'

Chagall's gaze returned to the speculation felt from the side.

Her hands, faster than her eyes, moved first, and the three daggers crossed up and down like teeth, driving a rapid-fire sword into her forearm.

In an instant, as many as 7 shells were lodged in the forearms, but the blood did not flow backwards, and Etella dug deeper and swayed the regime.

'Resonant hitting method.'

As Chagall widened his eyes and pulled his back back, a fist grazed past him.

The vibrations of the air hit his stomach, squeezing his lungs and opening his eyes wide.

"Keugh!"

In order to evade Quan's continuous attack, he had no choice but to let go of his pride and widen the gap, and when he stepped back 10 meters, dozens of daggers pulled in advance came along.

'What, suddenly?'

I didn't think I was cowardly, but it was unpleasant to be interrupted when Igor disappeared and my blood started boiling again.

"Kill you first... ... ."

The moment Chagall, who swept his hand and snatched the dagger, looked back at Etella, his face turned pale as if his soul had escaped.

Because it was a battle that mobilized all five senses, this was the first time seeing the opponent's face.

However, the face that caught my eye was a familiar memory except for one pair of glasses.

"Tia?"

Chagall's expression was so grotesque that even Quan lowered his sword and turned to Etella.

"Did you know someone?"

"Nope."

Etella shook her head resolutely, but Chagall couldn't have the slightest doubt.

"Tia, why are you?"

It is not just a matter of form.

Even if there were 100 people who looked just like her, Chagall was confident in choosing the real one.

I can't deny what my heart says, not my eyes... ... .

'I can't do that. He must have died.'

Didn't he hug her cold corpse and howl?

Didn't you feel it with all five senses!

"Sniff sniff! Sniff sniff!"

He breathes in to smell the nostalgia of the incident, but his sense of smell does not work properly when he is trapped in the brain in a vat.

'Come to think of it, Tia... ... .'

What did it look like?

My head was spinning and I felt dizzy.

"Why are you here?"

At the moment when Quan grumbled at the sight of him staggering alone, Etela charged again.

'I can't miss it!'

He had to be caught and told why he had killed Raphael.

"Get caught! Murderer!"

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

As Chagall, who covered his face with his left hand, swung dozens of daggers with his right hand, Etella's movements stopped abruptly.

Feeling trapped in vibration.

None of the blades flew at her, and doing nothing was the only way to avoid the attack.

Feeling trapped in the mold of death, Ethella gulped down her saliva.

Chagall denied everything.

'no! It can't be like this!'



- Forgive me.



Raiden's voice was heard.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Etella tried to chase after Chagall, who turned and ran away, but he was not a poor opponent who could catch up with a moment's gap.

"this... ... !"

Etella bites her molars and reproaches herself, but Lufist approaches.

"Let go at once. It seems like something serious, but it's not the time for us to worry about others either."

Igor disappeared, but the operation was impossible as he was trapped in a brain in a vat.

"You can release the brain in the vat."

At Shirone's words, Lufist turned his head.

"how?"

"I think we can just remove the trap."

Shirone saw beyond the realm of existence through sense of humor.

"It's over there."

The place where Shirone took the party was in front of a statue of a snake sandwiched between structures.

Like a king cobra, the 2-meter-tall snake with its occipital plate wide open was a man's corpse in Bakji's senses.

'sorry.'

With Elysion, I cast a mini-beam on the inside of the man's skull, making his face shake with a pop.

On the other hand, in the eyes of the party, the cobra's face appeared to be straight and falling.

"Hoo?"

Gradually a familiar landscape emerged.

Structures that had been beating like hearts turned to hard stone, and the bright morning sun was shining in the sky.

Even so, only Shirone could feel something else.

'It's so complicated.'

Numerous spiritual beings that cannot be sensed by the five human senses were clearly communicated through Bakji.

'If I reduce this vivid feeling to an extremely weak level, will it become a portrait?'

Shirone turned to Lufist.

"Wake up the other crew. I was swayed a little, but I won't be easily beaten from now on."

Jane asked.

"What happened?"

A day would not be enough to explain it in words, so Shirone chose a simple method.

The necklace, which became an object in the realm of existence, was conveying its own mass to the nape of the neck.

'Aha, that's how it's written.'

Shirone held out his hand into the air, and Igor's necklace burned with blue flames.

Everyone watched in awe as the air scattered ash and burned around the palms.

"Did you open the foil?"

Knowing what Maylei's words meant, those who watched were stunned.

'Come to think of it, my prayers have definitely changed.'

Just as Lufist was deep in thought with a serious expression on his face, a muddy voice was heard from the other side of the world.

"Laktas Sagaar Verodem (Does Fear Necessary)."

"no way... ... ."

The earth shook with a thump, and Igor, the Lord of Terror, appeared with his dead horse.

As he approached Shirone and turned his head toward the crowd, Lian pointed with his eyes wide open.

"A dreadlord?"

The appearance of Igor with the spear of blue flame hanging behind Shirone's back contrasted with the morning sunlight, creating a strange atmosphere.



Ariane Shirone-Carr 90.2%.





(end of volume 27)

=======================================