
[750] Crusade (1)





Tormia Kingdom.

If you go down south from Baska, the capital, you will find the Mapal area, known for its mining area.

It is an important area enough to account for 45 percent of the kingdom's iron ore production, but it is relatively underdeveloped.

In other words, it meant that the demons suffered the most severe damage, and hundreds of war orphans were suffering from severe starvation in Mapal.

"Here, here."

There was a small hut where the workers lived and slept in the place where the tunnel collapsed and turned into an abandoned mine.

When the seven children of Dorkin Orphanage opened the door, a haggard woman with loose hair was waiting.

"You are here."

Now he wanders the world without a place to lean on, but he was once a spectacle of Radum's spectrum.

Flower Tribe Flarino.

A powerful shock hit her mind when the ancient weapon 'Flower of Life' broke, but she survived in the end.

The position of head of Radum was an enemy of the kingdom, and the place where he hid like that was the abandoned mine in Mapal.

"hi? Are you hungry? eat this."

The children from the orphanage wrapped the leftovers in a cloth and handed them over.

Florino, who hastily stuffed his stomach with food, felt the eyes of the children and lowered his head.

"You always take care of me like this, thank you."

Extreme passivity made it impossible for even children to treat it carelessly, and it was strange to them.

"It's fine. Our orphanage puppies eat it, too."

The illusion that if you are just beautiful and obey the master's words, they will also give their lives to protect you.

That illusion that only flowers can make was the biggest failure of the clan.

"By the way, what are we going to do now?"

"Let's play tag. Flarino, you find us."

Still, the children were innocent, so Flalino deserved to stay here for a long time.

"Yes. Then I will find it."

Just as the children were about to leave the cabin holding Flallino's hand, the door opened and a boy one head taller than his peers entered.

"Hey, you guys!"

You can enter the orphanage until the age of twelve, but his face looks good enough to be sixteen.

It was common to lie about one's age, and Dorkin needed someone to control the children.

"Ugh! what, what?"

Even though he knew about the incident in the cabin, he didn't care, so he didn't know why he suddenly looked like a goblin.

"Follow me all. Director, take that woman for a long time."



Dorkin Orphanage.

The altar was opened and the orphanage was newly established, and the director was a man named Dorkin who was over 60 years old.

'Kids are truly awful.'

Having gone through all of the childbirth struggles, the reason he dared to establish an orphanage was because of the subsidy from the kingdom.

'But it's salty.'

Success comes from a crisis.

"Director, I brought her."

According to rumors, he is a little short of his head, so he does everything the children ask him to do.

Dorkin, who thought that the children were also a little short-sighted, let go, but the sixteen-year-old's report was not something to be taken lightly.

"Do you want to ask me to come in?"

When I said this in a benevolent voice, the door opened and Flallino walked away with an awkward expression.

"Hoo?"

Dorkin's eyes changed at once.

If she was just an idiot, she would have put her in an orphanage and had her do chores, but even among aristocrats, such beauty was extremely rare.

'Is the woman selling her body crazy?'

He stood up from his seat as he watched Flallino, who was looking down in terror.

"So, you stole food from our orphanage?"

To be precise, it was dog food.

"Yes. Thank you for your help."

Dorkin also raised his hand, revealing the emotions he had been hiding.

"Then you know what to do."

"... ... ."

Flallino had no choice but to accept his new master, but suddenly there was a commotion outside.

"What, what is it, mister!"

The moment he saw the face of the man entering through the door, Flallino's shoulders trembled.

The shock of the time when the flower was broken came to mind.

"Uh, what do you think?"

It was Lufist, the president of the Tormia Magic Association.

"How do you feel? I knew where you were and what you were doing from the start."

I just held my breath for a moment to avoid the attention of the ivory tower.

"The seed of the flower, where did you put it? Have you already planted them?"

It was fear like a nemesis to Flallino, and when she slipped back, Dorkin stepped up.

"Hey, what are you? Can this woman be a pillar?"

It was a perfect situation to misunderstand, even when I listened to the conversation, as well as the impression engraved with scars.

"You are shutting up. I will take this woman."

Dorkin, who once dominated the back alleys, could not hand over the woman meekly.

"Do you see what the young blue crab is talking about? do you know where this is? Designate a kingdom directly supported by the capital... ... !"

Lufist slapped the back of his hand, and Dorkin's head slammed into the wall with a bang.

"Aww... ... !"

Lufist, lightly ignoring the shivering old man, strode toward Flallino.

"me... ... Are you here to kill me?"

"Kill? Why kill a talented person like you?"

In order for the project in Yongleo to be successful, it was better to have as many fire tribes as possible.

"Give me the seed of a flower. If you follow the instructions obediently, I will guarantee your safety as the president of the Magic Association."

Dorkin turned his head, forgetting the pain.

"Eh, the head of the Magic Association?"

It was surprising that the head of the Magic Association had come to such a crumbling town, but the fact that the reason was because of a woman was shocking.

'Who the hell is that woman?'

Flallino said with a trembling chin.

"anyway... ... Going to break it again... ... ."

To her, Rufist was fear itself.

"I will gather the fire tribes. We provide a village for you guys to live in. And I have work to do."

"A thing to do... ... ?"

Since it was an unconventional treatment, I thought the price would be miserable, but Rufist spat out unexpected words.

"I'm going to build a flower garden."

Of course, what would be planted there would not be beautiful flowers, but ancient weapons made of steel.

"... ... ."

"think carefully. is an alliance It's probably the only chance and last chance for you Hwajok to survive."

No answer came back, but Rufist, who read Flalino's eyes, turned around.

"Follow. We are going to the capital."

As the two headed for the door, Dorkin hurriedly stood up.

"I-over there... ... President of the Association."

If today's work entered the upper class, the orphanage would be closed that day, and he was bound for prison.

Rufist said in front of the door.

"It is a sensitive situation. I don't know what kind of scum you are, but don't be too mean."

Dorkin immediately figured out his intentions.

"Yes! sorry! It will never happen again."

I'd be lying if I said it wasn't disgusting, but Rufist went outside without saying anything more.

'No organization or person is lacking. They're trash and criminals now, and they're not in a position to cover them up.'

According to Lufist's theory of systems, humans are like machines that operate only when coins are injected.

Even humans like Dorkin provide the labor society demands once money is pumped in.

'Orphans are also future resources. It's good to have a minimum device that can be managed.'

Even if it was a contaminated system, it was the situation of the kingdom that it could not be destroyed carelessly as long as money was involved.

'That guy will never understand.'

Perhaps because the world is heading towards destruction, the face of a man as terrible as an enemy came to mind today.



* * *



"Are you really okay?"

Gangnan, who had been crying for a long time while hugging Gaold, stood up as if he had suddenly remembered it.

"What if it's not okay? Are you saying you want me to die?"

Gaold's body was still soaked in pain.

"There was no sign of it happening until now... ... How were you able to come back?"

"The door is open."

I couldn't recall the Undercoder's memories, but after returning to reality, there was information that my senses told me.

Perhaps it went on endlessly, and finally crossed the boundary of the dead and entered hell.

Just in the heat of pain, while countless souls around me melted into the fire of hell... ... .

"I just kept walking."

Gaold's soul, which had a foot in his life, never melted, and endured only eternal pain.

"Then I opened the door and came out."

As the altar opened, the psychic realm was created, and for Gaold, that point was the end of hell.

"Is that what you want to do now?"

Even though he had a journey that he could not even dare to imagine, Kang Nan was rather absurd in his calm tone.

"But it is true."

Gaold took a deep breath and rubbed the wick with his fingers to blow it out.

"You don't have to suffer."

"Pain... ... ."

Gaold, who had been looking down at his fingertips indifferently, looked back at Gangnan.

"The pain has gone up."

The reason my heart sank the moment I heard it was because it was an unbearable pain even before falling into a deep sleep.

"How, how do you live like that... ... ."

Gangnan started to cry again, but Gaold only smiled bitterly.

"Pain is the only proof of life. There is no one in the world who lives as intensely as I do."

"But in that state... ... ."

Just as Kang Nan was about to speak, the screams of the dead reached the lowest level of the pyramid.

"... ... Looks like Zulu is finished."

Gaold realized just by hearing the sound, and after a while Zulu entered the room.

"The demons were wiped out."

Gangnan tried to explain Gaold's awakening, but Zulu already knew through the vibrations of the pyramid.

"... ... You are back."

"Thanks to. I owe you this time too."

"Wandering through hell. It wouldn't have been a meaningless time for you. What did you bring back?"

What he realized through the hardships that humans can't imagine, is it really Nane or Shirone?

"There is nothing special."

Gaold clasped his palm.

"It just got stronger."

Zulu nodded, pulling up a chair and sitting next to Gaold's bed.

"Then you will have to decide where to use that strength."

Zulu calmly recited the story of Gaold after he fell into a deep sleep.

Gaold was unresponsive, but his eyebrows twitched when he heard about the Shion Project.

"It is Chaos. Nothing is fixed, only mutual beliefs collide."

"You are right."

Gangnan's eyes fluttered at Gaold's words.

"If not one person can disappear without leaving, it can be said that this world has a true happy ending."

There is no one to feel resentment, and there is no emotion to feel resentment.

"Then you can go to me."

Gaold was by far the most suffering person in the universe, so it was only natural that he agreed with Nane's thoughts.

"But... ... Mr. Miro is standing up to me."

Gaold's face contorted.

'Obsession.'

I walked endlessly through the fires of hell, knowing that if I just closed my eyes, I would be freed from the pain.

'I am the salvation.'

In the end, empty space, where everyone would disappear, was the only way for Gaold to break the chain of obsession.

"Sigh... ... ."

A cowardly, arrogant, foolish woman who knows a man's heart like shit.

"Hehe. Heh heh heh."

The more I thought about it, the more pathetic I burst out laughing.

"I'm going to really go crazy."

Having made his decision, Gaold raised his head.

"Is it okay if I step on a guy named me?"

Zulu and Gangnan did not answer, but they knew there would be no change.

Gaold's heart was also bigger than the universe.

=======================================
[751] The Temple (2)





* * *



sanctuary.

It was quite bizarre to see the 12 world leaders gathered in one place.

A single word from them would shake the world, and the agenda agreed upon here would cause a huge change in the earth's crust.

President Vasari of the Republic of Korea, the site of the temple, is sitting in the chairman's seat, but the overall composition is that the Seven Kings are on the side of the Three Emperors while King Lee plays the role of listener.

Uorin, the head of Valkyrie, closed the file.

"Then let's set the magic bullet supply ratio like this... ... ."

She paused for a moment, but pretended to catch her breath and spoke naturally.

"Shall we take a break for 10 minutes?"

No one showed any signs, but the meeting had already been going on for 7 hours.

'That's why it's a problem.'

The only reason Wulin stopped talking was because of 17-year-old Gustav Havits, who was sitting across from the huge round table.

'How long will you be staring at me?'

Since the temple was opened, Habitz hadn't opened his mouth even once, and he had been staring at Uorin without even looking away.

It was the same even now after declaring a break, and the motion of sitting crookedly and nodding in a chair was no different from the first time.

'provocation. No, it's not like that.'

are analyzing

When I met the gaze that tried to capture every hair in my eyes, I hated to even think about what he was imagining.

"Heh heh, come to think of it... ... It's late to say hello. Congratulations on becoming the new master of the Empire."

Mayer, the king of Jive, representing the Central Continent, asked Havitz to shake hands.

"... ... ."

However, Havitz did not even turn his head and continued to move his chair.

"Hmm, hmm."

Mayer's embarrassment was indescribable, and the soldiers of the 'Shinjang' of the Jive Guards lined up behind them all put their hands on the handle of the sword equipped on the left side.

"Heh heh, stop that. In a place like this... ... ."

Who dared to disrespect the King of Jive, this seat was a temple overflowing with such people.

'You cheeky child. It was the same position not too long ago.'

Prior to the death of Havits XVI, Havits XVII was only a king who ruled part of the empire.

"By the way, what kind of person was Nane?"

When Moon Ryong, the ruler of the Moon Kingdom, asked, Jin Kang, the emperor of Jincheon, also showed interest.

"I graduated from the Jive Kingdom."

Mayer put on an embarrassing expression.

"There is no such thing as a person. He was just an international student, and now he has become an enemy of mankind."

At the attitude of blocking information in advance, the eyes of the heads of the Seven Planets did not look good.

Just this alone made the atmosphere cool, and Uorin met Havitz's eyes for the first time.

"I want to ask you something."

Havitz, who still seemed unresponsive, suddenly opened his mouth.

"How long has it been?"

Behind Harvitz, four figures were sitting on the floor in different poses.

"Seven hours and 48 minutes?"

Rather, the questioning woman was on her knees, and her outfit was ridiculous enough to be called a clown.

Her face was powdered white in a cumbersome fancy dress, and her eyes were always big because her eyelids had been cut off.

I drew large eyelashes in black, and there were three lines down and three lines up.

Gustav's four skills, the battle doll Natasha.

Another highlight of the temple is the unique military standards of the royal guards who protect the kings of each country.

However, Havitz did not accompany the guards and entered and entered the temple only with four generals.

'They've only heard rumors... ... .'

Even if they didn't show it, the eyes of countless people who were paying attention finally went to the back of Havitz.

'The four skills that the King of Desire commands.'

Although Harvitz was not normal, there were many talented people among those who were led by the world's best charisma.

Among them, the 4 skills were selected and selected talents, and those who reached the peak in one field.

"Seven hours and 48 minutes... ... ."

Havitz muttered in a low voice, finally straightening the chair and resting his chin on the table.

"They say it's Mitochondrial Eve, but it's surprisingly impatient, a girl called the Empress of Kashan."

A strong wind blew through the temple simply by shaking the bodies of 100 wind commanders.

"Stop."

The wave of air stopped in an instant.

"It's not really something to bear with. Staring at me like that makes me feel bad."

Uorin reacted as expected.

"You live with male genes, right?"

It was a fact known to all representatives of the temple, but it was an unwritten rule that could never be uttered.

"How about taking mine?"

Lightning struck Gando's eyes, but Uorin was not shaken by such an event.

"Your ancestors also made such a suggestion."

It was a secret file that no one knew about.

"But I turned it down because it wasn't up to par. You are even worse than your ancestors... ... ."

Harvits yawned.

"It will be fun. I wonder what kind of guy will be born. What if my daughter gives birth to another daughter?"

'I'm not listening. Is there no trauma?'

I deliberately mentioned my father to stimulate my inferiority complex, but I couldn't get that feeling at all.

'Confidence close to madness. It's the height of narcissism.'

His predecessor, Havitz 16, was a person who was sensible even though he was obsessed with desire.

'A monster created by the times.'

Wu Lin, who has lived together throughout human history, knows how evil and cruel humans can be.

But the Harvits in front of me now felt like all of them put together.

"Hmm, so I gave birth to 3 daughters, and those 3 gave birth to 3 more... ... . No, using her son to get her daughters... ... ."

Ignoring Harbitz, who was constantly muttering, Uorin proceeded with the meeting.

"Now, let's get into the serious agenda. This is the budgeting of each country for Valkyrie operation and altar defense."

Even if it's a holy war, it's an iron rule to promote one's own interests.

Therefore, it was the norm to bring up sensitive issues like now at a time when everyone is getting tired.

'It's a full-scale fight from now on.'

At the time when the representatives strained their eyes to get even a little profit, Havitz shouted.

"That's right!"

The serious atmosphere suddenly broke.

"It's food! All you have to do is hang them in clusters and have them give birth to one child a day!"

"You son of a bitch!"

At the same time as Jiandao jumped up, Jinkang, the emperor of Jincheon, hit the table.

Woo woo woo woo woo!

As the heavy table carved from marble trembled terribly, the faces of the five generals representing the Jincheon Empire, Ryongjang Oh, stiffened.

'father.'

Seong-eum was also acknowledged for fighting against Nane, and entered the temple as a general of the Blue Dragon unit.

"I don't particularly want to nag the ruler of the world... ... ."

The fact that Habitz looked at someone other than Uorin was enough to guess the atmosphere in the hall.

"Why don't you shut up that rotten snout? Or get rid of the smell of feces from your mouth."

It seemed like something big was about to happen.

"I mean... ... Are you asking me to poop, in your mouth?"

As Yeo-dal, the captain of the Oryongjang, pushed his heavy body forward, the members of the Yellow Dragon unit moved forward, shaking their ironclads.

Jin Kang did not tell Yeo Dal to stop because the moment he stopped, he was pushed back.

"This is the last time you accept whining about losing your father, my immature king. You will have to choose your words well from now on."

"What if I don't choose?"

"A place in the Three Emperors World will be given to a dog raised by our people."

Harvits averted his gaze and sniffed.

"dog? A dog?"

Then he pointed to Jinjiang again.

"you?"

Natasha raised her head and smiled.

"Ahahaha!"

Yeoda put power into his body, and Seongeum cast an etheric wave faster than that, blocking his movement.

'My lady, why?'

In Yeo-dal's eyes, he could see a voice biting his lips.

'It's a fight between Habits and Uorin. If arrows are aimed at Jincheon for no reason, everything will be overwritten.'

It was a self-evident fact that the three pillars of the Three Emperors, the first to move would be attacked with pincers.

"Representative of Jincheon, thank you for speaking on behalf of a woman who cannot bear to speak."

Wu Lin paid homage to Jin Kang, walked the alliance structure, and provoked Harbitz in earnest.

"I am of the same opinion. This is an important place that determines the future of the world. If you're not good at interfering, why don't you wipe the bottom in the bathroom before you come?"

"A reckless thing!"

An old man with medium hair who was sitting behind Havitz jumped up to the table and tore his jacket.

"Gustav~!"

All of her bony ribs were exposed on her black nipples.

"Havitz!"

Bend over as if convulsing, he raised his eyes and glared at Urin.

Gustav 4th skill, the king of domestic affairs, sumodo.

"I looked at it because it was the same, and you dare to talk like that to the emperor of the Gustav Empire? stuck on one? uh? Shall I sweep it up right away?"

'What kind of crazy game is this?'

Officials from each country clicked their tongues, but the faces of the chiefs at the round table all looked serious.

'My king of sumo wrestling. The only person who can assist Havitz. Therefore, what Havitz desires is... ... .'

It's a war.

'Is that so? But if you're going to wage war against the world, start with... ... ,'

Uorin, unable to read anything from Havitz's expression, quickly changed her mind.

'It's not on that level.'

Why do you call Havitz an unknown being?

Why can't anyone analyze him.

because there is no idea

'Now I understand.'

Through the third reset, Wulin was able to observe the life of Havitz 17 three times.

As in the lives of others, Havitz killed 781 of his brothers and was always king.

'But the problem is... ... .'

In all the three times he killed 781 brothers, he never killed them in the same way.

'Chaos.'

A human being with no stereotyped thoughts in his head, only a jumbled mess of emotions.

In this age of chaos, it was only natural that Havitz, the extreme of chaos, would stand out.

"Why? Are you hot? Then come on! I'll kill all the Kashans! I will kill, kill, and kill again until the seed dries up in this land!"

"... ... ."

The reason why there is silence in the temple is because a world war really breaks out the moment you strike back here.

Only Jin Kang was upright.

"Do you really think you can win? Against Kashan, Jincheon, and the seven planets, dragons, and fairies here."

Harvits has no idea.

"yes. Do you think you can win?"

It was just filled with unfounded confidence.

'Well, in a sense, that's all.'

If you really believe that you can accomplish something, isn't it the law that you actually lean that way?

"I will win. So let's go, war."

Amidst the tension that even the representatives of the Seven Planets swallowed saliva, Uorin's head was still cold.

'Is it an unstoppable flow? If so, invert in the next flag? No, it goes too far at that time.'

It was impossible to accurately predict even Uorin because the base event did not exist from the time of the Great Purification.

so it's chaos

'Where are you and what are you doing?'

I just hoped that Shirone had been properly informed.

=======================================
[752] The Temple (3)





* * *



The Republic of Eamond was divided into north and south 200 years ago and is still fighting fierce wars.

In particular, North Eymond is an extremely closed society under the reign of terror of the dictator Igor.

It is the only country that did not follow the will of the Ivory Tower, and even after the altar was opened, no country knew about the post-mortem process.

'The whole village is a military base.'

Syrone, who had arrived in North Eymond three days earlier, was heading south along the mountains near the capital.

After departing from the Ivory Tower, he sealed the altars through seven countries, but there was no result in Eamond.

The residents of this place terribly dislike interference from other countries, and showed a fighting spirit, willing to commit suicide attacks when they found strangers.

'Aren't you really brainwashed?'

It's impossible to brainwash more than 20 million people with magic, but looking at them, I even thought of that.

Another problem other than the difficulty of access was that there was no way to use the Terra Force channel after entering North Eamond.

The people trusted no one but Igor, and were not allowed to believe.

'I have to sleep in the mountain again today.'

All human habitation areas are being used as military installations, so we had no choice but to camp.

'Material.'

The final evolution of Armand, which accepted the light of Yahweh, was able to embody all the materials that exist in the world.

"Sleeping bags, tableware, toiletries... ... ."

As the molecular structures realized by the battery combined with omnipotence, objects appeared in front of Shirone one by one.

Lastly, Shirone, who realized the firewood, murmured as she remembered the light of Yahweh.

"Light it up."

The firewood suddenly heated up, and a torch came up and delivered warmth.

It's deep in the mountains, so patrols won't come, but I didn't forget to cast a welcome spell in case of an emergency.

"Whoa, I'm tired."

Sitting with her back leaning against the trunk of a tree, Shirone gazed at the twinkling stars beyond the leaves.

'... ... Where is this?'

Although Shirone has returned from the infinite realm, the question that humans have had since time immemorial has not been resolved.

'Let's not think about it for the time being.'

As long as I was holding on, it was time to focus on human affairs.

Shirone took out a letter from her bosom.

'By the way, looking for a needle in the desert... ... .'

To my dear Shirone, it was a letter written in Uorin's handwriting that began with .

Shirone read it with her eyes.



First of all, congratulations. You have become a star in the ivory tower.

I want to run to you right now and hug you, but I'm sorry I can't.



It was a phrase that tickled my face no matter how many times I read it.



If it's my request, I think you'll listen.



It was a change of attitude like Uori-down.



could you come to me right now? It's urgent.



Shirone also read this sentence for the first time and thought about it for a long time because he received a lot of help from Urin.



But if there are circumstances where that is not possible, that is, if you cannot meet me for personal reasons... ... .



He seemed to be aware of Shirone's situation, where he shouldn't add the weight of emotions to anyone.



There is an item I want you to find on your journey to seal the altar.

It's for humanity.

It doesn't matter how long it takes, but you must find it.



If it was a request of this kind, Shirone would have been able to grant it.



From now on, I will tell you about the future I predict.



Mitochondrial Eve.

Although there is no sub-event that can be compared with past events, Uorin had another ability called future vision.

Shirone speculates that it is by looking at the timeline, and it appears extremely rarely even in the history of the many Theraze.

It was also the reason why the ancestor, Theraze Mystra, killed numerous daughters and made Uorin his direct descendant.



Just like the north, south, east and west of space, this world will expand in the future with four huge directions.



Shirone examined the cross drawn in an easy-to-understand diagram.

Emptiness and love were written in the north and south, and good and evil were written in the east and west.



I call it 'The Compass of the Law'.

In the future, all beings will stand at a point where these four directions are combined.



In a world where good and evil were everything, another direction was created to escape up and down.



At the center of the compass of the law is a human being who suffers and suffers endlessly, losing direction.



Mikea Gaold.



If you're extreme, you're extreme.

I can predict that you will not come to me because you keep the law of benevolence.



Even if it is not a future time, if you use the compass of the law, you can guess the principle of the world.

In the East, this is called Yin-Yang-do or Juyeok.



And, of course, there is Miro as a representative of the polar line.



Because he inherited the will of Fermi's mother, Yolgah.



By the time you get the letter now, Miro will have already implemented the Zion Project.

In a word, it lit the torch of good.

Now you know what I want to say.



From this point on, Uorin's handwriting began to gain strength.



According to the compass of the law, sooner or later... ... It is assumed that the atrocities will appear in the present world.



Because good and evil refer to each other.



Even if you and I are close to each other, the confrontation between good and evil is another matter. Even the slightest tilt to either side would swept away countless people who belonged to the compass of the law.



It was going to be a fight between the four pies that divided the law into equal parts, who could eat more.



Shion is already using her capabilities to the fullest.

At this point, I decided that it would be difficult to drive the atrocities, so I came up with a new method.



Shirone took a long breath and read the next sentence.



Use evil to eliminate atrocities.



Even if it was Shirone's individual, I didn't feel particularly thrilled because there was no courtship of good or evil to Yahweh.



That's important from now on.

Once you have it in your head, cut out and destroy this part.



Kindly even drew a perforated line, but Shirone, who uses materials, could restore it at any time.

The letter I am reading now was like that.



The object you need to find is a dagger named <Law Kill>, which is known as an S-class object.

Like the Armand I gave you, it is known as the strongest object among weapons.



Shirone burst out laughing when he saw the underlined 'I gave it to you'.



Are you thinking like this? Isn't it normal that such an object should have already been in the hands of a wealthy person?



answer.



Fortunately, that's not the case.

Maybe this is more difficult, but no one knows where the <law kill> is.

because... ... because no one is looking



Since then, Shirone has also been curious.



Then I'll give you a hint. Once you know what weapon it is, you'll be able to trace its route.

First of all, <Defense> is a very dangerous weapon. Because that dagger must kill something.



It was an objet that had no choice but to do so.



how do you kill kill by law

For example, if I hold <Sword Slayer> and think of the person I really want to kill and put my strong desire into it, my will will dwell in the dagger.



It was creepy.



That's it.

Once the will dwells in the dagger, the dagger must kill its target under any circumstance, even against the law.



At first, I didn't quite understand.



For example, let's say that I have <Slaughter> and I have the will to kill person A.

The ways are infinite.

Perhaps one day one of my ladies-in-waiting will steal <Dharma Kill>. Then you'll get hit by a wagon.

A person walking down the street picks up the <Defense> again. Then, he was pickpocketed, and after endlessly changing the law, he finally ended up in the hands of the innkeeper where A was staying.

The owner was cleaning the room while looking at <Law Killing>, but unfortunately he entered the wrong room and entered the room where person A was taking a nap.

As I approached to look at him for a while, A stumbled upon the alcohol bottle that A dropped last night and fell forward... ... .



Shirone turned to the next page.



In the end, <Law Killing> will be stabbed into the heart of person A without an inch of error.



It was the operation of the law that was impossible without every situation being calculated from the beginning.

I've read it several times, but I couldn't help but feel a chill run down my spine whenever I passed this passage.

"It's crazy."

It was a word that came out of my head because I knew how objects were made.

who the hell

How powerful is it that such a ridiculous object can appear in the world because it contains the intent to kill?

As if having a conversation beside her, Uolin wrote the answer right away in the letter.



The reason why I dare to ask you to find <Law> is because the original owner of the object is Mirak Minerva, the Ivory Tower's Odaeseong.



The shock Shirone received at the time was considerable.

When I found out that the star of the ivory tower was the owner of <Law Killing>, I wanted to ask Louver, but after reading the letter, I couldn't bear to look for her.



It was about 700 years ago that Minerva became known as the Archwitch.

At the time, I was also active as a witch, so I met her a few times.



Of course, it was the experience of the predecessor, and after this point, a huge empire called Kashan was established.



I'm an unhappy person



If Theraze is to the point of being unhappy... ... .



She wasn't a witch to begin with, but maybe she eventually became one.

There are things you can learn by observing human life beyond the lifespan. that in the end it has to be that way.



Because she's a woman, because she's beautiful, because she has a mole under her eye, because a certain part of her personality, because the trend of the times is like that.

If reality is nothing more than a number of combinations, in the end, the future just flowed according to the wheel of the law.



Veron of the Council of the Ten Lords has left with the ultimate experiment on this matter, but it is not yet time to confirm the results.



If free will really exists, it should be able to destroy the future.



So now I'll call it a curse.

Minerva was born that way. She wants to cry for no reason, she wants to bully her, and she wants to drive her into despair.

Since I was 10 years old, I have been entertained by officials from different countries. It must have been a terrible life.



Wu Lin was speechless.



A child without the ability to fight, the humiliation she endured became anger toward humans... ... .



That's what <Defense> was made of.



* * *



Mercury Water Planet Mirak.

The planet, which was directly gifted by Taeseong, was not inhabited and consisted only of water.

A huge full moon filling the sky.

At the center of the great moon that tempted the witch, Minerva sat on her broom, lost in thought.

It was a little girl of ten.

"... ... ."

With the moonlight in her eyes, she held out her hand with a thin eye smile.

"I have to wipe my heart with moonlight."

While caressing the moon like that, she put her hand on her chest and rubbed it down.

"You have to wipe it clean."

Transparent tears fell into the sea.

"cleanly... ... ."

As long as I don't close the world, the terrible wounds will never heal... ... .

"I have to wipe it off."

Minerva stroked her chest endlessly.

=======================================
[753] The Temple (4)





* * *



Shirone looked up at the sky.

'The law.'

The mechanism of <Slaughter>, which had no choice but to die in the end, resembled the fate of Minerva, who had no choice but to become a witch in the end.

'Can I escape?'

If you choose bread for lunch today, is it a human will or a combination of infinite variables unknown to humans?

'Even if you think you're going to eat bread and then suddenly change the menu... ... .'

If that is also the function of the law.

'It's too huge to be analyzed, so the expression of Uorin's curse is right.'

Until Veron's experiment is over.

Soothing her despondent heart with the music of grass insects, Shirone read the end of the letter.



It is estimated that <Law Killing> was given to Minerva around the age of 20.

And that heinous weapon has killed countless people as it roamed the world.



It was truly destructive.



At some point, high-ranking officials from each country got caught up in strange incidents and continued to die.

It was only then that the leaders started to find out the truth, but it was already too late. The revenge was completely successful.



There were as many murderers as there were dead people, but the true killer was Minerva.



Isn't that what revenge is?

Already irreversible, Minerva chose to become a true witch. She caused a cataclysm called 'The Walking Dead' that was recorded in history.



An unspeakable number of people died, at which point the human race came close to coming to an end.



Here comes the ivory tower.



Was this also the wheel of the law?



After stopping the walking dead, the ivory tower offers her two options.

To be judged by mankind. Another is to become a resident of the Ivory Tower and work for humanity.



Minerva was the Five Stars of the Human Security Enforcement Department.



At first, Minerva is said to have chosen the first.

He didn't want to fight for the humans he hated so much.

But it looks like there was a deal of some sort. According to my expectations... ... .



It must have been an order from Taeseong.



He probably said that even those who became murderers according to the law of <Slaughter> would not be held guilty.



The first thing that came to Shirone's mind when he read Wu-rin's letter was the meeting with Tae-seong.

The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower can register one object instead of commanding a satellite.

What she said at the time was not just an example, but exactly what happened to Minerva.



Minerva did not destroy <Law Kill>.

Of course it was presented in the ivory tower, but I think it was carried through to the end.

This caused a huge controversy worldwide.



These were the words of a person who lived at that time.



Minerva was taken to the Ivory Tower under the protection of the stars while imprisoned in a wooden prison.

It was a really huge crowd. There were more than 20,000 people, and each of them cursed and threw stones.



I could imagine their anguish.



The Minerva I saw, just looked calm.

Even when the reporters asked questions, I was just looking at the front in silence.

Then a reporter broke through the crowd and reached Minerva.

The audience became quiet in an instant, and the question posed by the reporter was... ... .



biggest issue.



Why didn't you destroy <Defense>?



And Minerva is said to have looked back at the reporter for the first and last time and said:



-Because if someone truly needs to be killed, he has to die.



It was a wish that a 10-year-old girl with no strength or background must have engraved in her heart while being humiliated by countless adults.



That's how <Defense> is still roaming the world and taking lives.

Now you understand what it means to do evil with evil.



If you find <Law Killing> and put your earnest desire into it, the law will move to remove the atrocities.



In fact... ... I didn't say this to sympathize with Minerva. Of course, you would have already forgiven me.

What I want to say is, I think the core of <Slaughter> is the person you really have to kill, that is, the earnestness.



If you're not desperate, <Defense> won't activate.



The categories are now narrowed down.

Those in power and wealth only grasp the location of <Law Killing>, and never try to get their hands on it.



If it came into your own hands, you'd have to suspect that someone triggered it to kill you.



A weapon that is like the nemesis of power.

In most cases where deaths are caused by <Slaughter>, it is when the weak kill the strong.

If you trace the route of this case and figure out the movement, you will be able to see where it is and whose hands it is now.



It was here, the Republic of North Eymond, that he reached by quickly tracing the world.



If extreme goodness exists in the real world, the extreme evil must surely exist in the other world. maybe it's satan

And he's out of the law like you. That's why even Anker couldn't use his hand.



If Nane and Miro follow the law, Shirone and Satan are perfectly balanced towards denying the law.



However, according to Heaven's report, Satan must also pass through the body of a creature in order to materialize.



At the time, he was a man named Frankwine.



It's a race against time.

Perhaps Satan is looking for numerous candidates. Too many to sift through with your history search abilities.

That's why you need <Defense>.



Uorin intended to use <Law Kill> to eliminate all those whom Satan had marked.



I know it's difficult, but I really want your help.

If you help me with this, you won't owe me any more.



It was a Uori-like bill to do my best.



I miss you.



The letter ended with Theraze's seal, and Shirone threw the paper into the bonfire.

There was firm determination in Shirone's eyes as he stared at the paper that was turning to ashes.

'Until now, we have been tracking and checking the records of death cases. If my predictions are correct... ... .'

It should be here, at the 48th Military Facility, two kilometers from the capital of the North Eymond Republic.

'We can meet tomorrow.'

Unhappy someone who has <Defense>.



* * *



The second morning in the temple was bright.

The previous day's talks ended with Gustav's defeat, and additional talks were held according to a majority vote.

Gustav was planning a world war, and the representatives of each country were unable to sleep to prevent their solo run.

"Then, let's start the second meeting, which is unprecedented."

When Uorin declared, the delegates sat down at the round table, and the guards showed more viciousness than before and headed to the back.

"I'm sorry about yesterday. Coming to such a wonderful place seems to have revived the passion of childhood."

While Gustav 4th class, Sumodo, the king of domestic affairs, was on his way to his seat, he bowed his head toward the round table.

It was an unexpected situation, but this too must have been a cunning ruse from Sumodo's head.

"We were excited about each other. Let's finish yesterday's work with yesterday, and let's have a more constructive conversation today."

"As expected, the queen of the empire is benevolent."

The other 4 arts were already sitting in the seat where Sumodo headed with a servile smile.

Natasha was on her knees, her eyes wide open, and next to her was a middle-aged man in a cross-legged position with his chin resting.

Now, Uorin openly explored them.

'Gustav 4 skills, God of War Vulcan.'

He grew a beard like a bandit and boasted a muscular body even at the age of 50.

But what was really scary was his brain.

'The continent's genius military with both literary and martial arts. It is not an exaggeration to say that Havitz is fighting a war because of the author.'

Vulcan, who met Uorin's eyes, smiled grinning, baring his teeth without loosening his chin.

'I have no intention of giving up.'

Today's meeting will not be smooth, and now all that remains is the choice of other countries against Gustav.

'World War should be prevented as much as possible. But if you cross the line over there, you don't have to go too low.'

Guidelines had already been established through secret channels with Jincheon and the heads of the Seven Planets.

"Then I will announce the agenda first. Of course, we were discussing the Valkyrie budget yesterday, but there are issues that need to be dealt with more quickly than that."

While everyone was silently approving, Uorin glared directly at Harbitz and said.

"therefore... ... Are you really going to have a fight?"

It was a preemptive strike to suppress the steamship, but Harvits was also Harvits.

"You said you would. Didn't we talk last night? Or what, did you even ask for help?"

However, Uorin had already figured it out.

"You can guess how many people will die. Gustav will not be safe either."

"It's fine. Because I am not dying."

In the face of the powerful narcissism that sustains Havitz, Uorin chose to stall.

"Then, Gustaf's forces, currently belonging to Valkyrie, will be absorbed by the remaining countries."

"Hmm."

Sumodo, the king of domestic affairs, rubbed his chin for the first time, and Vulcan, the god of war, nodded with a meaningful smile.

It would have been a choice Havitz 17 would never have made, but the previous emperor, Havitz 16, had invested considerably in Valkyrie to prevent a war with Heaven.

'If you give up Valkyrie, the power of the Empire will be weakened by 1/17. It's a world war in this state. The tax increase rate that is stably covered by time, manpower, and materials is... ... .'

While Sumodo's thoughts were spinning terrifyingly fast, Harbitz spoke plainly.

"Then take it. What can I do without Valkyrie?"

The temple was in shock.

Even Blitz and Enox, who were watching the human Baktu with interest, turned their heads with puzzled expressions.

"Are you serious?"

When I analyzed it objectively, I thought that if I pushed to this point, Gustav would have no choice but to step back right away.

Kashan's analysts stayed up all night and found that Gustav's win rate was under 10 percent.

"If we gather in the plaza... ... ."

said Harvits annoyed.

"Aren't you supposed to do something? They say that if you just decide all day, the sun goes down. I have to go home. I just want to do something quickly. So, let's not waste time and start a war."

Not even considering calculations, just a desire to mess around in my head.

Vulcan shook his shoulders.

"Hehe, as expected, Your Highness. You are an excellent judge. Anyway, it's killing people, but you have to jump out even while eating."

Woorin's eyes calmed down.

'Did I say it was a square?'

Uorin was also one of the people who stayed the longest in this huge plaza.

'A person waiting for an appointment, a person reading a book, a person watching people in the square.'

But sometimes there are people like this.

'A person who creates chaos only for his own pleasure, regardless of what others think.'

Havitz said like a child.

"I want to have fun."

"... ... ."

While the representatives of each country were fed up, he stood up and took hold of the round table.

"Have you not decided yet? Then I'll tidy it up. From now on, the Gustav Empire... ... . Whoops!"

Havitz gave as much strength as he could, but the heavy round table did not budge.

"Heh heh heh! I'm sorry, Your Highness. You should do these fun things with me."

Vulcan came next to Havitz and grabbed the round table.

"From now on!"

The two exchanged glances and nodded, raising both arms wide at the same time.

"War!"

The round table rotated at a height of 10 meters with the force of the Vulcan, and Natasha raised her head and burst out laughing.

I could see the distorted faces of the representatives of each country beyond the round table that was spinning and falling.

"Let's kill hotly!"

The moment the round table in the temple was smashed with a thump, Uorin's eyes turned to life for the first time.

'It's atrocious.'

=======================================
[754] The Doctrine of Evil (1)





The 48th Military Facility was a place where special experiments were carried out under the direction of President Igor.

As such, the most elite agents were stationed there, and the commander was also a captain-level person directly elected by the capital, Pacia.

widely! widely! widely! widely!

With sabers hung from their belt loops and studded boots, people were terrified as they patrolled.

"you! Come on!"

"Me, me?"

When the soldier's eyes turned to life, a man who was walking on the road hurriedly ran up.

Upon arrival, the soldier's fist struck the man.

"Ugh!"

The man who was beaten to the ground without even knowing why did not have the courage to look up at them.

"Are there any stupid children like this? Don't you pay your respects to President Igor even after seeing us patrolling hard?"

North Eymond's Military Code contains no such provision, but there are over 300 provisions stating that the soldier is the law.

There must have been something unpleasant, and if he resisted here, he would be mercilessly decapitated by the sword.

"sorry! Long live President Igor!"

The man who jumped up raised his arms to the northern sky where the longbow was located.

"... ... Go see."

When the soldier spoke with cold eyes, the man hurried away, feeling fortunate that his neck was still attached.

The partner who was watching from the side asked.

"Why is the pressure so low today?"

"not really. The kids have lost their burrs. Ever since the altar was opened. How can the discipline of a country stand like this?"

"Is the collection not going well?"

The 80 soldiers stationed at the 48th Military Facility were receiving a kind of labor fee from the 1,200 citizens of the city.

"They said they were sick these days. My daughter is sick or something. I'm putting it off every day."

"ha ha ha! I got caught so badly. Well, when a child is sick, parents turn a blind eye."

"It's nothing to laugh about. I have to send money back home, and I've spent too much at the bar this month."

said the partner with a wink.

"Shall I accept it?"

"Is there any way? Even if I hit and break it, it didn't come out. Doesn't the commander hate it when strange rumors spread around our flag?"

"This is why jjambab is scary."

The partner waved a finger and pointed to the residents' quarters.

"Even if your daughter is sick, isn't it better than dying?"



Verdi, a 12-year-old girl living as a citizen of the North Eymond Republic, was resentful of the world.

'why... ... .'

Even though he didn't know exactly what happiness was, he was certain that he was unhappy.

Even in the middle of a fever, she had to cook food for the soldiers who had invaded from the morning.

"So you'd better think carefully. You don't need to catch a child, do you?"

The soldiers were angry because they couldn't collect the money, and Verdi was miserable that his mother was beaten because of him.

'You can't be sick. I have to endure it.'

I heard a knock on the table, followed immediately by my mother's tearing screams.

"Is this a joke! Do you really want to know when you see the end?"

I wanted to tell him to run out and give me all the money I hid, but nothing changed anyway.

"please! Not my daughter!"

"Don't go away! Can you still say that you are a great citizen of North Eymond!"

The hand cutting the carrots became faster and hit the chopping board with a bang.

It was a dagger he had picked up in the mountains a month ago.

"... ... I want to kill you."

<Law killing> was activated.

'Is it suddenly quiet?'

The thought was only fleeting, and soon the floor became noisy and the soldier's partner came in.

"hey! I'm going to die of hunger! When will it end?"

"Wait a little. It will be soon."

Verdi, who hurriedly placed the onion on the cutting board, cut his fingertips while slicing it quickly.

"Ouch!"

As I cried at the blood leaking from my fingers, my partner kicked me.

"This stupid thing!"

After knocking Verdi to the floor, he checked the onion and frowned.

"Where is the blood of being sick?"

There were bits of flesh and blood on the chopping board.

But what caught his attention was a dagger lying next to the chopping board.

"what? this... ... ."

It had a simple and simple shape, but it was as clean as new, and it was unusual to see a purple sheen when exposed to the sun.

"what's the matter?"

A soldier entered the kitchen.

"Look at this. I was hiding something like this. Anyway, all the things that make you sick are the same."

My partner asked as if thinking about it.

"How's the harp?"

"It is resolved. He said he brought the money now. It's going to be like this right away, because I'm just earning money for nothing."

"Hey, that's why I told you to trust me. A pack of cigarettes?"

My partner reached into the basket and tossed a potato.

"It's not good to cook here. Let's eat this and wake up."

Seeing that the potatoes had sprouted, the soldier quickly threw them back with a snap of his wrist.

"I won't eat it even if I give it to you. Eat yourself."

As the potatoes clung to his hands, his partner thought it was funny and made an offer.

"Then how about this? The person who loses by playing catch will eat it. And a pack of cigarettes."

The soldier took a position to receive and said.

"However much. Throw it."

"Okay, let's go!"

The moment when you take a posture like a player and throw potatoes with a smooth connecting motion.

'what?'

Partner realized.

'Wait a minute, am I right-handed?'

Potatoes were received with the left hand.

"What were you holding in your right hand?"

Because he was immersed in his thoughts, the dagger left his hand in a full swing and landed right between the soldier's forehead.

"Ouch!"

Verdi covered his face and screamed.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

When the partner checked the soldier's condition, he was dead instantly with his eyes half bulging out.

"Oh, no. I didn't do it!"

He ran to Verdi.

"You saw it too! We were fooling around! Why did I take the potato with my left hand? Right-handed, I mean!"

Of course, he was holding a dagger in his right hand.

"Mole, I don't know! I don't know anything!"

I really don't know, but the reason I shouted exaggeratedly was because of the guilt that remained in my unconscious.

"Verdi! What's up? Aaaaaaagh!"

The mother, who found a dead body at the entrance, threw the bundle and fell asleep.

"Sah, I killed a person!"

"You fool! That's not it! This is an accident! Why would I kill this bastard!"

The partner, who had been strongly denying it, suddenly opened his eyes and pulled out the dagger stuck in the soldier's forehead.

"Yeah, yes! you killed it! Just do what you killed!"

When I held out the dagger, my mother horrified and stepped back.

"As if you killed me! I'll take care of the back! If this is reported to the superiors, I'm done!"

It was the words of someone who threatened to kill her daughter, so she only shook her head.

"Just listen to me!"

Frustrated, I took a step forward, but the fallen soldier's palm was stepped on.

My partner's heart sank at the soft feeling as if he was tearing through the soles of his boots.

"Ugh!"

Just as I was about to stumble forward as my step foot resurfaced, an insight crept into me.

'Never die!'

I realized something from instinct, not reason.

"Huh!"

However, the moment I saw the soldier's eyes, my body stiffened again and sprained my ankle.

'My, I didn't kill you!'

He twisted his body sideways, but his limbs were already stiff and he fell to the floor with his whole body floating.

"Ouch!"

The dagger plunged deep into the nape of his neck as he fell with his arms bent.

"Kkeuk. gurgling... ... ."

Seeing her eyes wide open with blood boiling from her neck, her mother teared her hair and sobbed.

"Aaaaa! Aaaaa!"

... ... This is <law killing>.

A keen-eyed crime expert will note the body's unnatural posture, but in the end no evidence is left behind.

"Why is this happening to us? What to do now... ... ."

Even calling it a coincidence made no sense, so it was natural for them to panic.

"I killed... ... ."

Strangely enough, however, Verdi's heart was rather calm when the object of fear had disappeared.

"What do you mean, dear? These people died in an accident."

"No, Mom. To be precise... ... ."

Approaching his partner's corpse with a bewildered face, Verdi snatched the dagger from his hand.

"you you... ... ."

Verdi raised the corners of his trembling lips and looked back at his mother.

"This knife granted my wish."

"Are you crazy? At times like this, you need to be more alert!"

"Think carefully. With this dagger, we too can live happily! No one will bother you!"

There was no need to know that it was an S-class object belonging to the highest tier of weaponry.

"I will destroy everything. I will punish the people who bullied my family! No, I will destroy Igor!"

"Are you really crazy?"

Mother was angry, but Verdi was already possessed by the magical power of <Slaughter>.

"Carl, can you do it? Will you protect me until the end? My family in this hellish place... ... ."

A man's voice was heard from outside the door.

"no. That's it."

The door, apparently locked, opened very naturally, and a man in a robe entered.

"Who, who are you?"

Even though I was relieved that it was not a military uniform, my heart thumped at the calm appearance even after seeing the two corpses.

'Dead. That's a fatal wound that can't be regenerated.'

Concluding that it was certain, Shirone took off her robe and walked towards Verdi.

"I'm here to get a dagger. won't you hand it over to me? It's not something you should have."

Verdi's eyes went wild.

"Who is your brother who wants this? I don't think you're from here, but get out of here before I report it!"

With the exception of the port city of Dormica, no strangers were allowed to enter North Eymond.

"Two people have already died. Better hand it over to me before the number of deaths increases."

"He deserved to die! They are my mother... ... and me... ... !"

Tears welled up in Verdi's eyes.

"Never give up! Without this, you will have to live in hell again! No, I won't!"

"The name of that dagger is <Defense>."

Just knowing his name made me feel deprived.

"It's hard to explain to you, but it's like magic. Twist causality to cause murder. It is a vicious weapon that has killed countless people since a very long time ago."

"It's nasty... ... ."

"There is a world of difference between just wanting to kill and really killing. However, there is no difference in <Slaughter>."

Verdi hurriedly hid the dagger.

"It doesn't matter if it's nasty. This knife saved her mother's life. She didn't protect our family from anyone!"

Shirone nodded.

"I know you did your best. Because <Defense> must be really earnest to activate. You wanted to protect your family, right?"

"Huh. Ughhhh."

Verdi sobbed.

"I really had no intention of killing him. i really... ... I just want to protect her mother... ... ."

"yes. But <Slayer> is not as nice as you. So let's stop here. If this happens again, then it will be you, not Carl."

Shirone stroked Verdi.

"You cannot protect your family with anger. If you depend on this heinous thing, you lose something really important."

Verdi burst into tears with a terrified face.

"Aww! mom! Mama!"

"... ... ."

Raising the child's wrist, Shirone grabbed the blade of the dagger and carefully retrieved the <Defense>.

=======================================
[755] The Doctrine of Evil (2)





* * *



The temple was heading for the worst.

Even after Gustav Havitz, 17, declared war on the world and left the venue, the representatives of each country remained silent.

'Really a war?'

The reason why the heart beats even though they are at the peak of power is because the opponent is the worst tyrant in human history.

President Vasari of the Republic of Korea, the host country of the temple, opened his mouth with a pale face.

"Should I believe this? So, at this moment, the fact that World War broke out."

If Havitz sent troops, the first target would be the Republic of Korea, which was closest to Gustaf.

"It is impossible to analyze Harvitz's thoughts. But if he is true to his desires, it is probably true."

Even though he was a representative of the same temple, Uorin's words were special, and President Vasari's face turned into tears.

"Why? Isn't it an unwinnable war? The temple will also be damaged, but Gustaf will perish."

King Kasartak of the Kingdom of Paras said.

"The Gustav Empire's win rate, calculated at home, was under 10% under the premise of giving up Valkyrie. If it's simply a madman, even if it means starting a war, just step on it."

"I'm not crazy."

Everyone in the temple turned to Uorin.

"Of course, the odds of Gustav winning the war are extremely slim. But under certain circumstances, it is more than 90 percent."

Jin Kang, the emperor of the Jincheon Empire, asked.

"What is it?"

"Probability of the world going to be a mess."

The pupils of the representatives from each country shook.

"Havitz thinks it's not just war. If the Gustav Empire raises its military and spreads to the continent, east, and south, it becomes difficult to protect the psychic realm. In the end, the demons will break through the barricade and come out into the world... ... ."

From then on, it's chaos.

"You are driving it into an unpredictable situation."

Uorin nodded.

"Havitz moves by instinct, but the Gustav 4th skill is already drawing a picture in your head. It's worth doing in a situation where the probability becomes meaningless. Also, in such circumstances, Havitz's abnormal thinking will be a powerful weapon."

If war is about consuming everything available, Gustav's strategy to use the underworld was excellent.

'Havitz, 17 years old. he's a scary guy It's more disturbing in that it's not something I thought about and judged. He's just feeling it.'

If you truly believe in it, in the end, the world will have no choice but to revolve around you.

"Is this the end of the human story?"

The first class dragon, Blitz, stood up.

"If you've heard this far as a member of the temple, the formality must have been met. From now on, I will deliver the agenda of our Balaur."

It was quite an arrogant tone, but the reason no one was offended was that Blitz deserved it.

'The 12 apostles who keep time. Among them, the thunder pterosaur is said to be the strongest in terms of combat power.'

It was the first time he had attended the temple as a representative of the Balaur, so the representatives also pricked their ears.

"As of today, the Balaur will leave the temple."

"... ... ."

Like Gustav, anyone can resign if they pay the price, but silence leaked from the venue.

"May I ask why?"

It was not yet time to inform humans.

"The reason the Balaur joined the Crusade was to protect time from Ankera's Reset. And now Ra's will has been passed on to Nane, and now it has reached the point of closing time. For us, it is the gong that must be prevented before evil."

As the direction of Ae and Gong was newly created, the world could no longer be defined by the dichotomy of good and evil.

'It turns out like this after all.'

Nane, who says that we must leave for the place where the truth is, and Shirone, who say that only the place where we put our hearts is real.

'This is just the beginning. In the future, countless people will define themselves anew by the compass of the law.'

There will be countries that follow the Gustav Empire, and even the Holy War countries are no exception.

Enox, the representative of the fairies, asked.

"Resigning from the temple? So what do we do?"

"Why are you asking me that? You are the representative of the fairies. If you want to stick to humans, do so."

It was said to be on its own, but it could not hide the nuance that it was not pleasant to be involved in human affairs.

"Hmm."

While the representatives of the Seven Stars watched with hard faces, only Uorin was convinced.

'The temple will remain.'

The fairies of heaven and the fairies of the human world are divided into fairies and elves.

Elves are as strong in spirit as fairies, and above all, they have bodies that are close to humans.

'The realm of magic is incomparable to humans.'

It is presumably a union between a celestial nymph and a Norse, which meant that a terrible experiment had taken place in the distant past.

"I will stay in the temple. If there is a war, many lives will die, so of course the fairies should help."

Uorin was terrified.

'What kind of race could lay down its life for a weaker race than itself?'

If this was also a line, it was too 'artificial' line.

"Representative of fairies, your choice seems to warm the hearts of everyone here."

Enox flushed and stuck out his tongue.

"Hehe, praised. Do not worry. Because fairies have helped humans since ancient times. It's different from the noble dragons."

"huh."

Turning coldly, Blitz changed his body and flew up into the sky before he even left the door.

After breaking through the wall of the ceiling and disappearing, large chunks of stone fell to the spot where the round table had been.

"... ... It is the worst crusade."



* * *



Shirone put the dagger into her bosom.

'This can't be reconstructed.'

The reason material can theoretically make anything is because it creates matter.

However, because the significance of <Slaughter> lies not in the material but in the spirit contained in it, it was impossible to imitate.

'I just make a dagger of the same shape.'

For example, it was the same principle that even if Shirone combined organic matter to create a human body, he could not put life into it.

When Verdi calmed down, her mother stood up.

"I need to clean the house."

Seeing a dead body was terrifying for her, but it could have killed her entire family.

"I'm going to suck the mop. From the blood... ... ."

"It's no use, Mom."

Verdi shook his head.

"Everyone will find out anyway. Because the house to collect money is set aside. If you don't run away now, you will be arrested."

You won't believe it if you explain <Slaughter>.

That is why what was more feared than the death penalty was the persistent torture aimed at finding out the truth.

"No need to worry."

Shirone approached Verdi and her mother.

"I don't have <Defense>, but I will protect you. So let's find a way together. What would you like me to do?"

Verdi showed an expression of hope for a moment, but soon despair filled his eyes.

"Don't lie. Why does a strong person like my brother help us? Mom and I are useless anyway."

He knew at least that the reason he came here was <law killing> and not himself.

"I know you will leave eventually. I don't have time, I think I've done enough for this, and it's annoying... ... ."

A child raised in a harsh environment seemed to know more than an adult in a peaceful world.

"I am not leaving."

Shirone stroked Verdi with a pitiful expression.

"I will never leave until the means that threaten you and your family are completely gone. I'll promise."

If fraternity meant not being able to kill someone to save someone, Shirone had to take care of this place.

"really... ... Will you protect me?"

The fate of protecting everyone is painful, but I was happy that I didn't have to leave her right now.

"of course. never bother you are the most valuable person in the world I will do my best to protect you."

Verdi and her mother burst into tears in front of words and emotions they had never heard in their entire lives.

"thank you. thank you."

Since there was no time, Shirone regained her composure and looked back at her mother.

"Is this all family? Maybe the vice-gun... ... ."

"Nope. My husband is currently working hard. I work for about a month at a military facility and come back."

A shadow fell over the mother's face.

"No matter how much I ask them what they are doing, they don't say anything. If you find out, the whole family will be massacred. By the way... ... ."

"By the way?"

"I don't think it's normal. When I get home, I don't eat for three days and just sleep... ... I talk strangely in my sleep. I think I'm having a nightmare."

"What are you talking about?"

I hesitated as if it was embarrassing to say, but my mother finally confessed it.

"I'm not going to give birth to a monster child."

"Excuse me, but my husband... ... ."

"Yes, of course I am a man. He is Verdi's biological father. But it's strange that he has such a dream. He asked in the morning and he threw things and got angry. He's not the type to be angry with his family."

I had some guesses, but it wasn't something I would bring up in front of Verdi and her mother.

"like. Let's go find the consort for now."

Leaving the bodies of the soldiers unattended, Shirone took Verdi and her mother outside.

Even if he wore a hood, he would quickly become suspicious, so he climbed a mountain and took a long detour to enter a military facility.

'It's really strict.'

While sealing the altar, Shirone experienced several countries, but this was the first time that the discipline was this strict.

"Is it really okay if I follow you?"

Verdi and her mother, sitting close behind Shirone, were so tense that it was difficult to breathe.

"Because I don't know your husband's face. If you see a face you know, even if it's not her husband, tell me."

After passing about 7 buildings while avoiding the iron-clad boundaries, Verdi's mother pointed to the front.

"Hey, it's Mr. Albas."

A man whose eyes were dead enough to be considered a corpse was dragging a cart full of rotten food.

"I am my husband's friend. God, how can a person do that... ... ."

The Alba she remembers was a huge one that weighed over 100 kilograms just a month ago.

"Can you call me?"

Desperate to find her husband, Verdi's mother plucked up the courage and stepped out of the shadows.

"Mr. Albas. Mr. Albas."

Albas, who hadn't even turned his head, suddenly came to his senses and looked back with a shocked expression.

"Mardel? how are you here... ... ."

Putting down the handle of the cart, he quickly ran to her left and right and grabbed her by the shoulder.

"Crazy? Where do you come from here? Go home quickly!"

"What about your husband? Haven't you seen my husband?"

Albas finally found Verdi crying and a stranger holding her hand.

"I'll be thrilled. Are you here to save me?"

"that's right. This one will protect us. Mr. Albas will also leave."

Albas lowered his head sullenly.

"Give up. I don't know what kind of person this brother is, but Baseto can't go back anymore. Just raise Verdi well. Please tell my family the same."

"You can't come back! I hope my husband... ... !"

Shirone stopped talking.

"What are you doing here?"

Perhaps, in order to survive here, he would have lived by blocking the thought.

Albas, who was choosing the words to answer, finally realized what he was doing and his face turned pale.

"do not know. I don't know either."

Albas covered his face and sobbed.

"Here... ... The devil lives there."

=======================================
[756] The Doctrine of Evil (3)





* * *



"Go in quickly! I want to die!"

At the heart of North Eymond's 48th Military Facility, a group of soldiers were threatening workers with knives drawn.

"Well, I went in yesterday! Please look!"

"If you draw from the lottery, that's it! Are you saying you're going to disobey the Republic's mission now!"

It was only after the knife entered his throat that the man lowered his head in resignation and grabbed the sack.

If you resist, you will die now, but if you go inside that warehouse, there is still a chance to live.

If 10 people enter, 8 people will come back alive, so it must be a fairly high probability.

However, the problem was that the end of the remaining two did not simply end in death.

"next. Who is the one who voted for the X?"

"That's me."

Verdi's father, Baseto, approached, showing an X on a stick.

"Go in."

He already knew that resisting would be futile, so he too dragged the remaining sacks towards the warehouse.

"Uh, hey, Bassetto. who will do it first huh? I'm First? Or are you first?"

A colleague who was terrified alone in the same situation was annoyed, but this too was now in a state of victory.

"Do whatever you like."

The man who rolled his eyes said with a servile smile.

"Well, then you are first. Understand?"

Eight out of 10 survive, but 30 of the 39 who have died so far were first in line.

"... ... I will."

From the moment I opened the warehouse door, an irresistible, impulsive smell stung my nose.

It was a disgusting smell that would be better than sticking your nose into a corpse.

"Krrrr."

Inside the iron bars installed in the warehouse, silhouettes of monsters larger than humans passed by.

Although they have different shapes, personalities, and habits, the soldiers only called them 'Garasu'.

'Let's stay calm. Just leave the sack and come out.'

When I opened the iron cage door and entered, the monsters turned their heads at the same time and slowly backed away.

"Kreuk. Kreuk. Kreuk."

Hearing a groaning noise, Bassetto dragged the sack without even breathing.

'Let's not provoke it. You can't make a sound.'

Pulling up a bag with such force that his arm fell off was the only skill he learned here.

"Kiiiii."

The moment something as sharp as a fingernail pricked his side, Bassetto was forced to incontinence.

'damn! Is it me?'

It was not yet time to give up.

"... ... ."

His extremely sensitive senses sensed Garas' retreat without even turning his head.

'Damn you kids! Are you making fun of me?'

The reason why the Karas don't break through the bars is because the 48th Military Facility provides them with the best materials.

'Do you feel like an emperor?'

Igor was prepared to pay any price to satisfy the sexual desire of Garas, who was 100,000 times more powerful than a human.

'To make the strongest army.'

I don't know if I can really control the glass, but just making a compromise to enter the cage was an achievement.

'I'm going back to my family.'

The guys in the warehouse were full-bodied, and didn't even pay attention unless they were particularly interested.

'done!'

There were also those who put down the sack, but were caught by Garas in a hurry.

'slowly. Slower.'

After repeating the words "if you want to die, you live" dozens of times, and finally got out of the cage, the Garas sent congratulations.

"Kuh! Kut! Kut!"

Everything was happy at the thought of just living, and on the contrary, the next man became contemplative.

"Congratulations, congratulations. That's amazing."

No answer came back.

"That, yes. You can do it. please Please take mine instead... ... ."

As Baseto's eyes tightened and he glared at him as if to kill him, the man dropped his head helplessly.

"but... ... No one wants to die."

Bassetto weakened for a moment, but soon regained his composure and clung to the wall of the warehouse.

Squeaky, unluckily, the lock that had been fine until now opened with a sound, and from then on, the man's reason was paralyzed.

"Sigh. Sigh."

Bassetto frowned at the sound of heavy breathing, but couldn't bring himself to speak.

'calm down. If you do as usual, nothing will happen.'

"Huh."

At the sound of sobbing, Garas, who was in the corner, showed interest and stuck out his tongue.

The wet thing wrapped around his neck and squeezed it tightly, and the man's hand relaxed.

"Help me."

Baseto's eyes widened.

'You fool! Just stay here! Don't say anything!'

"Please save me. Please. You came in yesterday too. I can't die like this... ... Aaaaaa!"

His tongue quickly grabbed the man, and Bassetto kicked off the ground and ran to the exit.

"Sal, save me! Aaaaaa!"

Without even looking that way, Bassetto pounded on the warehouse door.

"open it! Hurry up and open the door, you bastards!"

The blinding window opened, and a cold gaze quickly scanned the inside of the warehouse.

"Open it! You did your job right!"

"The iron window is open. close it."

"Sir... ... !"

Swearing came out spontaneously, but the anger immediately cooled in front of the desire for survival.

Pushing the door with both hands, he rushed to the barricade, and the man who was crushed by the giant glass reached out his hand.

"please! me some... ... Aaaaaa!"

Bassetto, who even confirmed that the man's eyes were curling up, closed the bars and lowered the lock.

"Kiyaaaa!"

I was dizzy when the excited Garas pushed through the black shadow.

I didn't know how I backed away, and I got stuck on the wall of the warehouse, and things like snakes were wriggling out of the curved bars.

"Big!"

Gritting my teeth and running to the side, the warehouse door opened and my vision was filled with light.

is the light of life

"Aaaaaaa!"

Just in case the door was closed, I kicked off the ground with all my might and rolled on the ground.

'Please, please someone save me! Honey, Verdi!'

Bassetto covered his ears and sobbed at the terrible screams of his colleague in the warehouse.

"Uhhh! Whoa!"

Another victim came out.



* * *



Major Jaycee, who had escaped from the 48th Military Facility, arrived deep in the Galchan Mountains surrounding Pacia, the capital of North Eymond.

'Aren't you here yet? It's five minutes before the appointment time.'

Although he is acting as an officer in North Eymond, he was actually a spy who infiltrated South Eymond six years ago.

'I endured only for today.'

It was a mission that would have been impossible if it were not for an unofficial 3rd class wizard specializing in espionage warfare.

"Jacey!"

Three soldiers emerged from the bushes.

The captain was Jacey's husband.

"Why are you so late?"

"Sorry. It took longer than expected to cross the border. I'm glad you came over safely."

After a short kiss, Jacey searched for her arms and said.

"There is no time. Two days ago, the North succeeded in controlling Galas for the first time. If we don't take action soon... ... ."

"Dirty things! Did you really succeed?"

"Fortunately, I'm not at the level of taming higher creatures yet. But the fact that it was successful is important."

As time goes by, technology is bound to evolve.

"Deliver this document to the royal castle. That's all the information I've gathered about Garas. I'll go over in three days."

If she left the army now, there would be a national emergency and there was a high possibility that her husband would be arrested.

"Your place is the torture chamber."

Jacey's eyes fluttered in shock as North Eymond's men walked through the brush.

"how... ... ."

I thought it was thoroughly hidden.

"Has the world changed? You should know that there are eyes even where you don't know."

behind the world.

'No, it's impossible. The inhabitants of the other side of the world would never compromise with humans, right?'

"Don't even think about being taken lightly. I'm in a pretty bad mood right now."

As the gendarmerie commander pulled out his sword and approached, Jacey cast invisibility magic and shouted.

"Disperse! Get out!"

As she disappeared and fired an electric bolt from an unexpected place, the military police threw themselves at her.

'Are you saying it's not trash?'

Invisibility was the highest level of lightning magic, especially illusion magic.

"... ... Things are getting interesting."

As the spies fled, the military police chief gave the order.

"Call the beast king."

A signal flare was fired, and 3 minutes later, 20 soldiers dragged 2-meter-high dogs.

Krrrrrrrr!

A dog with ironclad hair all over its body, a dog with hundreds of holes in its body, a dog with deadly poison flowing from its teeth... ... .

The monsters created using glass were moving in perfect order according to the hand signal.



Garas - Heterogeneous Dog.



'It's definitely a great achievement.'

It is the dog's genes that North Eymond biologists have used to control Garras.

It was still in its infancy, but if it was possible to train it, sooner or later the empire would be equipped with a force that was not frightening.

"Are you really obeying? If we only trust the dog and let go of the enemy, our necks will not be safe either."

The captain of the Suwangdae said confidently.

"Do not worry. It is a dog of the Republic that faithfully accomplishes dangerous tasks."

"How is the performance?"

"It's so great I can't even put it into words. You better take a look. Just give me instructions."

The military police captain looked back at the forest with furious eyes.

"Find all the garbage in the south and take it."



20 minutes after that.

From the middle of the Galchan Mountains, desperate screams were heard.

"No eh eh!"

Lee Hyeong-dok's sense of smell quickly found the spies, and Jaycee's husband was decapitated with the military police chief's sword.

"You bad guys! kill! Kill me too!"

Jacey, who was hit by a heterogeneous dog that relaxes the large muscles, missed the point of suicide.

"Unpleasant. To be called a bad guy by a thief trying to steal information from another country."

"shut up! There are human rights even in war! Do you know what you guys are doing?"

"Of course you know. You are at war."

The military police chief stepped on Jacey's face.

"Keugh!"

I didn't like the way her expression ferociously raised her eyes even when her cheeks were pressed down.

"You know enough about how the Republic interrogates criminals, right? It's good to tell how far you've been involved."

"Kill."

Without this level of resolution, they would not have been able to infiltrate the enemy country and survive for six years.

"You're kicking human rights with your own feet."

When the military police chief turned his head, a black-haired, black-haired dog approached him, salivating.

"I'm going to go through hell for the next 10 minutes. We'll talk again after that. The only time to stop is now."

"... ... kill it."

A researcher at Suwang University opened the file folder.

"Experimental Data 38-7. Experimental Sample Bestark Jacey. 36 years old. Start recording."

"Aaaaaaa!"

Just as Jace closed his eyes and screamed, the military police captain, feeling the presence of people, quickly turned around.

The identity of the person he did not realize until he got close to him, even using the sensory schema... ... .

"... ... What are you?"

It was a young girl wearing a wide-brimmed cone hat and holding a broom in one hand.

"Human, human."

Only then did the military police officers realize the voice of an adult woman breaking the harmony and back down.

'Did I have a dream?'

As if the scene up until now had been an illusion, the child's figure had disappeared and a bewitching face struck her gaze.

"Why do you kill and kill and there is no end?"

Ivory Tower Odaeseong.

Human Security Enforcement Director Mirac Minerva.

=======================================
[757] The Doctrine of Evil (4)





"What is that woman?"

When the gendarmerie moved to surround her, the gendarmerie commander held up his hand to stop her.

"stop."

It was a strange feeling.

And having a strange feeling meant that the military police captain had a much higher level of sense than other military police.

'What the hell is this?'

I felt like throwing up, and once I realized that, my head was unbearably dizzy.

"What are you doing! ask quickly! Hiss! Hiss!"

Hearing the tumultuous sound of the Suwangdae, he slowly turned his head with a firm expression.

It was a shocking sight.

"Hey, why is this guy like this?"

Heterogeneous breed dogs that have undergone improvement after improvement using Karas are braver than wild beasts and are designed to absolutely obey the owner's words.

"in action! I mean move!"

But even when I hit him on the butt with a whip with a leather belt attached to it, he just looked into the distance.

As if he desperately denied the woman in front of him.

'I'm afraid.'

The disgusting energy the military police commander felt, something unknown was spreading from her body.

"Dogs are better than people."

As Minerva approached, the heteromorphic dogs scattered to the corners of the forest as if something had happened.

Their movements, which they couldn't even express in extreme fear, resembled the psychology of the people who feed the warehouses of Garas.

"Wow!"

As Minerva passed by, the military police chief could not stand it and poured out gastric juices.

"What, Captain?"

The members looked puzzled, but the military police chief was not at all envious of those who did not feel fear.

'I lived because I vomited.'

In another three minutes or so, the subordinates would die instantly, without even knowing why, from being crushed by the woman's energy.

"Come here, cute puppies."

If caught, die.

Realizing this by instinct, the heterogeneous breed dogs sniffed the flowers inappropriately and acted different.

A heterogeneous breed of dog that spews out powerful venom sneaked away and was eventually caught by her hand.

Unable to even think of running away with its two powerful legs, it accepted the hand, and the wide dog legs bent all the way to the floor.

'It's a death god.'

How many lives do you have to kill to get that kind of energy?

Beautiful appearance, witch's outfit.

'Mirac Minerva.'

The military police commander realized that it was wrong to live with ARMY.

"oh."

Heterogeneous dogs trembled with their hind legs fully laid down, and soon hot urine leaked out onto the floor.

"Are you scared? I?"

Whoa, whoa... ... !

Water leaked out of the eyes, nose, and mouth of the 20-year-old dog, and the military policemen rolled over their eyes one by one and collapsed.

"Okay, let's see."

Minerva walked towards her hips and bent down to look down at the dripping urine.

"It's a male."

Yep! Break it up!

The breed dog Lee Hyung-dok let out a final scream.

"die."

As if a switch had been pressed, the dog's eyes immediately flipped over and fell to its side.

"Three, my God... ... ."

Leaning against the tree trunk, Jace looked in disbelief at the dying lives everywhere.

The members of the Suwang Corps and the military police who collapsed vomiting blood, and finally, the dogs of the Heterogeneous Dogs died in a fight.

"Even if it's an ivory tower... ... ."

The only surviving gendarmerie captain gasped and glared at Minerva.

"I can't stop it now. Under the grace of President Igor, the Republic of North Eymond will rule the world."

"yes."

Minerva snapped a finger and the life of the military police officer escaped from his body.

"Go to the other world and do a lot, world domination."

Jacey, who was the only one left with his life, asked, breathing heavily.

"you... ... Are you an ivory tower resident?"

Minerva took a smoking pipe from the barrel of her broomstick, put it in her mouth, and lit it.

'Are you ignoring me?'

Jace opened his mouth again.

"Then we must hit North Eymond quickly! Otherwise, the Garas will invade the world."

Minerva exhaled smoke with a dejected expression.

"Know."

Then, he slowly approached Jacey, brought her to eye level, and raised her cheek at once.

Jace, who turned his head with a slap, put on an absurd expression for a moment, then immediately fired at him.

"Why are you hitting me! The one who can't even move!"

Minerva hated humans.

If it's a human being who thinks, "If I say this way, he will move that way." ... .

It's disgusting enough to give you goosebumps.

'I'd rather roll around with a dog.'

Still, Minerva doesn't show it.

"sorry. I was wondering if this would solve it."

Jacey bit her teeth with a look of resentment, but she had no intention of fighting the witch who had subdued the dog with only her energy.

"I know you. Archwitch, Mirach Minerva."

Most of the five great stars of the Ivory Tower are shrouded in mystery, but Minerva was the most spectacular debut in the history of the Ivory Tower.

"What are you going to do next? Are you going to tell Igor to stop the experiment? or not... ... ."

"I will take care of it."

To be honest, nothing has been decided yet, but once I get to the capital and meet the president, everything will be settled.

"Please take me too."

Minerva's eyes were cold.

"... ... Why?"

"Because I know something you don't know yet. If you go to the capital like this, you will probably be in trouble."

"Knock-knock!"

The witch's laughter spread through the forest.

"Hey, little girl. Oh sorry. you are younger than me Of course, at face value, I am much younger."

"... ... ."

"Anyway, if you knew what kind of life Archwitch Minerva lived, you wouldn't dare say the word "failure."

I felt the aura of death.

"Even if you can't move your limbs, you know you can do everything as long as your snout is alive. that's you guys Terrify me any more and you will follow them."

"porridge... ... ."

A voice drowned in crying broke out.

"I want to kill you! The motherfucking northerners who killed my husband! I want to kill every single one of them!"

Jace ejaculated with a contorted face.

"Please take me! There is nothing left! If I can kill even one more person, even my soul... ... !"

anger.

It was the purest emotional state of human beings, the only one Minerva was not averse to.

"... ... Tell me what you know."

Jace suddenly came to his senses.

"The military police chief said that there are eyes even where you can't see. North Korea is using the other side of the world. Otherwise, there is no way my identity will be exposed."

"It could be because you can't handle your work."

"What are you looking at me for? A person who has mastered all the magic of espionage!"

No matter how much she screamed, not even a tooth could go in against Minerva.

"Ha, okay. So, there is a possibility that Igor may have colluded with the demons."

It wasn't to the point of failure, but it was the awkward part.

"I'll take you."

Minerva inhaled deeply, gathering the smoke between her lips and whispering quietly.

"Open your mouth."

As if possessed, Jacey opened her lips and Minerva leaned over and kissed her.

'ah... ... .'

The smell of smoke passing through her lungs was like burning grass, and Jacey fell into an ecstasy she had never experienced before.



Detoxification Magic - Witch's Breath.



I lost consciousness for a moment, but it was only a moment.

"it's okay. You should be able to move now."

I felt the nerves from my toes, and my muscles tightened as if it had happened at some point.

Jace, who awkwardly stood up from his seat, had nothing to say.

"I-over there... ... ."

Lip contact is not a problem.

I couldn't bear to lift my face at the fact that I felt the utmost bliss through her body.

"Don't sleep with a witch."

The number of people who ended their lives because of the sweetness given by the witch was numerous, even in the case of Minerva.

"... ... They hate humans."

Leaving Jacey nodding blankly behind, Minerva concentrated her magic on her broomstick.

The shabby wooden material popped open and turned into a two-meter staff with a propulsion engine on the back.

Z, the best projectile of mankind, created by Taeseong's intellect in return for giving up <Slaughter>.

Since it was officially registered in the Ivory Tower, it was a means of transportation that had to be correct.

"get on. Stop at a military facility and then enter the capital."

Minerva sat lightly on the jet floating at a height of 1 meter with her thighs resting on it.

"Ah yes."

It was introduced in the history books as the fastest thing in the world, so Jacey gulped and took a back seat.

"Hey, do I have to press? If you fall... ... ."

"I do not need."

The jet glowed purple for a moment, and as if trapped in a soft mould, the body was fixed without any effort.

"Goes."

At the same time as Minerva's horse fell, a great spark spewed from the jet's propulsion engine.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Jacey screamed at the sight of the sky speeding up despite barely feeling any inertia.

'too fast!'

As the jet, which circled the sky once, accelerated in earnest, a sonic explosion exploded in just four seconds.

It was Mach speed.



* * *



Verdi's mother, who found Baseto with a bewildered face, covered her mouth with tears.

"honey... ... ."

What the hell happened to a person to that point?

"Bad children... ... ."

Bassetto looked shocked and stunned, and his eyes were swollen from how much he cried.

"I need to bring my husband. I will die there."

The moment Verdi's mother, who had lost her temper, stepped forward, Shirone said in a cold voice.

"Don't move."

Verdi's mother flinched and stopped.

"It looks like everything is still safe, so let's be patient and watch. If you create a disturbance here, the number of victims increases."

It is the spirit of fraternity that one cannot kill another person to save Baseto.

'It's really strange.'

However, the biggest reason for Shirone still not taking action was something else.

'There are too many demons.'

In the other side world seen through Bakji's senses, demons were patrolling in pairs.

'But this place is outside the psychic realm?'

The underside world shares space coordinates with reality, but since the altar was opened, I tend to keep as far away as possible.

Thinking that she couldn't take everyone with her, Shirone turned to Albas and said.

"Please protect Verdi and Mom. I will follow them and bring Mr. Baseto back."

"But how are you going? From now on, there is nowhere to hide. This is a supply route for storing large-scale logistics."

There was an endless expanse of open space for ten wagons to pass side by side.

"In terms of space, yes."

Albas tilted his head, but he wouldn't understand even if I explained it anyway.

'Choeni Bardo.'

When Pakji and Sipok were combined, the reality and the world behind them overlapped, and Shirone's appearance disappeared.

"Unbelievable... ... ."

Albas looked around.

"Where have you been?"

Of course, Shirone was still by their side, and after checking the location of the demons, she stroked Verdi's head.

"Hang in there. I will definitely rescue her father."

Verdi suddenly thought of an answer.

"Where are you going?"

Why is my heart suddenly beating fast?

"Of course I went to rescue my dad."

=======================================
[758] The Doctrine of Evil (5)





* * *



The world behind Shirone's eyes seemed to be filled with things that humans hate.

After passing through the fields of villi along the intestines, a grotesque stone statue that usually appears in religious paintings came out.

'This is unexpected... ... .'

It was good to follow Baseto through the other world, but at some point, the scenery of reality was not visible.

'Mr. Miro... ... .'

Zion's law to reduce the psychic realm is putting pressure on the whole world.

The thin border that could be torn at any time had turned into an iron barrier.

'I'll cheer you on.'

If it was a choice for humanity, it was something she would have to endure, but rather, her level was admirable.

'Following is no longer possible.'

Missing Baseto, Shirone intended to find an exit as soon as possible and return to the real world.

'weird. It's really strange.'

The number of demons that Shirone figured out on the way to this place was well over a thousand.

'I can't escape from here anyway. Most troops should be deployed within the psychic realm... ... .'

It was a strange thing because fierce wars were going on in the vicinity of the psychic realm regardless of which country.

'The psychic realm is the forefront of demons and humans. It's impossible unless one of them gives up... ... .'

Maybe it was both.

rrrrr.

The sound of water running through the intestines was heard, and the outer wall where Shirone was located was violently shaken.

"this... ... !"

The wind blew first, followed by the rotten smell.

Whew!

With a disgusting noise, the turbid filth poured in like a flood, and Shirone hurriedly flew into the sky.

"Keugh!"

"help me! help me!"

Skeletons drifting along the torrent of filth raised their bony arms at the sight of Shirone.

philanthropy.

"Take my hand!"

The moment they held each other, their shoulders were severed, and the arms that fell off the torso quickly turned to black ash.

'Purification of the soul.'

After sealing several altars, I realized that it was a waste of time, but I couldn't help but hold out my hand.

'But this is the first time it's been this severe... ... .'

The spirit of the real world permeates the underworld and is recycled as an energy source for demons.

'The sexual play of the witches' meeting, the assembly of the devil's followers.'

The collective consciousness born in such a place is powerful and stimulating enough to paralyze the brain.

However, sometimes the consciousness of an individual becomes powerful enough to match that.

It was death.

'They are already dead.'

There are not many people who can overcome the fear of death except religious people who are sure of God's salvation and seekers who realize the futility of life.

The moment the powerful fear explodes, the consciousness is sucked into the other world and falls to hell.

'I'm sorry.'

When I think of their fate of falling into a place called the 'Fire Plate' and melting in hellfire, Nane comes to mind.

'You might be right.'

Shirone, who prevented her tears from burning, hurriedly came to her senses and shook her head.

'I can't collapse.'

The realm of Yahweh loves everything that exists, but the inhabitants of the other world were insubstantial.

'It's just a hell we made.'

The true salvation was not to close the world, but to liberate all mankind through the practice of love.

After the purification of the soul, which was more terrible than in other places, Shirone came down to the ground again.

The face of the woman hanging from the grotesque stone statue changed before she knew it and was laughing with her mouth wide open.

"... ... ."

The remnants of his soul were stuffed in his mouth.

Suddenly, the woman's eyes turned to Shirone, and she began to laugh as she chewed on the leftovers.

"Kyahahahaha! hahahahaha... ... !"

bang!

The face of the stone statue hit by the photon cannon fell off and rolled on the floor.

"Haaaaa... ... ."

Who are you fighting for?

Sometimes, in fact, often, I couldn't control my anger when I saw the world that humans had committed without responsibility.

"How dare you destroy the stone statue of purification!"

The vicious demons who heard the sound came and filled the inside of the rotten intestines.

"Answer me."

the human heart

"How can you guys realize love?"

In the history of hell, there were no seekers who came to ask this question, so the demons also chose the answer.

"There is only one way."

A demon with horns like a cow came forward and opened its arms wide.

"Submit to me and worship me. Then I will love you."

Because only I am important.

"Puhahaha! Good answer! answer! You who seek the Tao! Why worry about something so easy?"

All the demons spread their arms.

"Worship me!"

Shirone closed her eyes tightly, and when her eyelids, as heavy as the world, opened again.

"Kill! The flesh of the investigators tastes amazing!"

Yahweh's light raged.

"Ha ha ha! Will the drug rise and die? You are stupid to expect kindness from humans! Your light is strong, it burns us... ... ."

Despite the mixed voices of the demons in the middle of hell, Shirone did not stop shining.

"I am not afraid at all! So don't give in! Until the moment of complete extinction, we will fight!"

The only way to seal the altar was to burn all the demons in the area with the light of Yahweh.

"How miserable! Foolish and foolish... ... !"

Yahweh.

In the place where the screaming sound disappeared, a world of nothingness as wide as the brilliance of Yahweh was open.

"radish."

It was neither dark nor transparent.

Just 'nothing' that humans couldn't think of was so strange that there weren't many people except Shirone who could stand it.

Because I couldn't stand that futility.

"Let there be light."

Shirone got into the habit of filling the place where the altar was sealed with something with material.

'Although my skills are still lacking.'

I felt much more comfortable just by embodying the stone statue of the archangel in the mother's womb in a pure white space.

'Ikael.'

In Hexa's memory, the image of her sobbing as she clutched at her chest came to mind.

'It must have been a miserable sight.'

Why does it feel like every time I recall this memory, the anger in my heart is washed away?

"Lactas Vera Imera (Submit to Fear)!"

Surprised by the familiar voice for a moment, Shirone looked back at the scenery of hell outside the material realm.

"Igor."

Igor, the Lord of Terror riding on an eyeless black horse, approached with a spear of blue flame hanging down.

"This isn't your area, is it?"

In terms of coordinates in the real world, it should have been in Radum.

"I have come to retrieve the mark of servitude."

Igor's words stopped in front of the pure white borderline filled with the new material.

It didn't matter, but mentally I would have been terribly reluctant to step out.

"Pass it. I fight for Satan."

In Shirone's arms, Igor's necklace turned into a blue starlight and floated to Igor.

"You found me with this."

Just before falling into Igor's grasp, the starlight stopped moving and did not advance.

"... ... Are you rejecting it?"

Until now, Shirone was Igor's master.

"What if I refuse?"

"Satan will destroy me. Even so, a new name of fear will only appear."

The more often humans feel, the faster they resurrect in the underworld.

"It's a new name... ... ."

North Eymond's name was also Igor.

"Is it related to this incident?"

"Nothing. There are many Igors in the human world. And some Igor use fear as a weapon."

Igor, the Lord of Terror, was born when that emotion combined with the soul melted in Hellfire.

"He is first, and I am second. Don't be confused."

If the emotions were strong enough to become a division commander in hell, it was worth knowing what Igor was like.

"Tell me what is going on where I am."

Igor shut his mouth.

"It is a condition to cancel the oath of obedience."

Still wanting to fight for Satan, Igor nodded heavily.

"Igor, that is to say, the person who gave me personality does not currently exist in this world."

"You mean dead?"

"It was absorbed. Currently, half of the kingdom army you are staying in is non-human demons."

"A demon?"

Changing the form means changing the material as well as the function, so it is not easy for the Demons.

It's a different story if it's illusion magic, but there's no way that Shirone, who has reached the level of Yahweh, won't notice.

"How could that be... ... ."

Shirone suddenly realized.

"Garas?"

"yes. The mixed blood of demons and garras dominates the army. Karasura. It's a great tribe. After they came over to the kingdom, a tremendous amount of energy entered the underworld. The demons born there are now pushing out the existing corps commander and taking on a new corps commander. Even if it were you, you wouldn't be able to guarantee a victory."

Since no opponent had ever been sure of a match, Shirone's heart only beat a little faster.

"You must know that demons are born from the energy source of the fire. The reason they are different is that they inherit certain characteristics of Satan. Conversely... ... ."

"So the aggregate of evil is called Satan."

Demons call themselves evil, but just believe that evil is the truth, just as humans see good as beautiful.

"How far into North Eymond did you infiltrate?"

"All. The kingdom you are in has already been occupied by demons. This is what the human named Igor decided for himself."

"myself?"

"He really wanted to be a horror. So he gave his body to a being greater than himself. Therefore, those who currently rule the country are actually demons, and they are one of the few who can change into human form."

"... ... Commander of the corps."

Considering that only the first-class dragons among dragons could change their form, they could feel the power of the corps commander.

"Commander of the 24th Corps of Satan's 72nd Corps, Maraduk."

It was Maraduk of ruin.

"We are all part of Satan. In particular, the corps commander inherited the most powerful things of Satan. If you think it is the same as subjugating me, Yahweh will lose its light."

Igor said to Shirone, who was lost in thought.

"This is all I can say. If you want to know more, you have no choice but to annihilate me."

"... ... I'll give it back, necklace."

At last, the blue starlight permeated Igor.

"It doesn't matter if you destroy me like this."

"Know. But... ... ."

Even being able to share something with the demons was so precious to Shirone.

"Because I got help."

Igor turned the black horse.

"There will be no such thing in the future."

As Shirone watched as they receded into the scenery of hell, Igor stood tall.

Is it really good?

It was a short time, but it might have permeated Shirone's shared feelings through Igor's necklace.

"Not at all."

Igor seemed to be talking to himself, but... ... .

"A demon who repented of his sins."

It sounded like thunder in Shirone's ears.

"Geuk, the problem is that there are almost none."

Igor, who clearly drew the line, disappeared without looking back until the end.

Shirone couldn't move for a long time.

'there was.'

Both fists were clenched.

'I can fight more. I'm not wrong!'

My breath caught in my chest as if it were on fire, and hot tears ran down my cheeks.

'Never give up. No matter how bad humans are... ... .'

It wasn't necessarily evil.

=======================================
[759] Possibility (1)





Having infiltrated the 48th Military Facility, Minerva and Jaycee opened the way by mercilessly punishing the garrison.

In the first place, it was Jacey who volunteered to be the guide, but the reason why he didn't have to was because no one had approached Minerva.

"Save me, save me... ... !"

The death energy from Minerva caused the soldiers to fall on the spot and die moaning in pain.

'The Five Great Castles of the Ivory Tower.'

Jace also lived with pride in his status as an unofficial third-class wizard, but on a completely different level.

'I haven't even seen magic yet.'

Minerva, who overpowered the army with only her energy, moved to the laboratory in the Central Office.

"Wait!"

Jacey exclaimed hastily.

"This is where the original Garas is! The moment it opens, there will be an uproar."

"Garasu has no prototype. Exactly no one knows the prototype. Because they are the ones who destroy the biological system."

"That makes it even more dangerous. It is on a different level from heterogeneous breed dogs that have been brought up to the level of a species. I will catch whatever I see and breed them."

"doesn't care. open it."

Jace couldn't resist her, and eventually unlocked the iron door.

Another iron door appeared, and when it was opened, the prison that contained Garas was visible.

"Kurrrr! Krrrrrr!"

As Minerva took a step, Garras' hideous voice resounded from all directions.

'This is the first time I've been so excited.'

As Jacey trembled and followed, Minerva stopped in the center of the warehouse.

"It smelled like a witch. For them, it will be a more powerful aphrodisiac than any aphrodisiac."

"Shall we open them one by one?"

"no."

As Minerva's eyes narrowed and she swung her jet, her body changed into that of a young girl.

"Welcome, sweet children."

At the same time as the horse fell, dozens of iron doors were ripped open with a bang.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The blood disappeared from Jace's face, who had watched the experiment to see what kind of race Garas was.

'As expected, I overcame it.'

Unlike the dog breed, Garras's desire transcended even Minerva's life.

But Minerva was still staring straight ahead with half-closed eyes.

'Destined to become a witch.'

By the time she realized that she couldn't escape, her body and mind were already in tatters.

"If this is my fate, I have no choice but to accept it."

Dozens of Garas attacked her.

"Mr. Minerva!"

Judging that it was already too late, Jacey turned around and tried to run away, but something surprising happened.

"Ah! Aagh!"

However, the shape of the tangled glass bubbled like oil, and the number began to decrease little by little.

"Witch's Breath."

Before I knew it, she bit the smoking pipe and came out through the gap of the glass, puffing out smoke.

"How did you do it?"

"I had a lot of fun. between themselves."

As far as Jacey knows, Garas' desire to reproduce is the pinnacle of living things, but he never combined with the same species.

"Is the sexual desire 100,000 times that of humans? If that's the case, it'll be about 100 million times now. At that point, nothing can be seen."

"100 million times... ... ."

The appearance of them united into one mass was like a lump of black oil, and countless mutants repeated birth and extinction.

Minerva watched indifferently and said.

"Biosystems consist of reproduction and feeding. Garas has the property of maximizing the compatibility of the breeding system and extending it to the entire ecosystem. But what if you combine the same species?"

Jacey turned around and Minerva raised a finger.

"After all, evolution is impossible. After repeating countless mutations among themselves, what they choose is stability. And that means... ... ."

"It's going back to square one."

Minerva watched without answering, and what finally appeared in front of them was a black sphere about a meter in diameter.

Like a tadpole egg, the sphere trapped in the mucous membrane vibrated and split in the middle, splitting into two.

"Selra... ... ."

As the eruption proceeded, the size of the black spheres decreased and the number increased exponentially.

When the number of cells exceeded 40 trillion in cycles, the human form was finally revealed.

"I wanted to meet you once. Argones."

the father of all life in the universe.

Also, Taeseong, who belongs to the category of mother, called Argones a biological program early on.

When Argones' mouth opened, the mucus that was blocking his throat cleared and a voice was heard.

"He wanted to meet me."

There was no pitch in the tone of his voice, as if someone who did not know the language spoke only with sound.

Minerva didn't care.

"Ankera is gone. It's impossible without your involvement. What are you up to?"

If it was truly a biological program, it would have been Argones who provided Ankera's body.

"I don't embellish anything. Spread the creature far and wide. It fills the space with more objects, even where there is no sun."

"He is a very conscientious official. Sooner or later, this world may be closed completely."

"It doesn't matter, my daughter."

Minerva's eyebrows twitched.

"You are the lowest probability and the most important probability among those created because of me. Kill as you wish, breed as you wish. That's what your odds mean."

"I was not made for your needs."

"I don't care what you think. I didn't make you either. You were just chosen by chance."

"Bastard."

Minerva's eyes lit up with life.

"Do you think that is the reason for my pain?"

"It eliminates mutations."

Argones' body became watery like porridge, and then it soaked into the floor.

"It's dangerous!"

Argones, who had turned into slime, emerged from the walls on all sides and attacked Minerva and Jacey.

"Mukus."

No one was already in the place where the slime waves were rushing in, and Minerva, who flew into a corner, shot the jet to the ground.

"Breath of Ruin."

As if time had sped up around Minerva, black smoke rose at a frightening speed.

As Jace, who was standing behind her, sensed the power and cast defense magic, smoke spread forward as if an explosion had occurred.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

The sound of a building collapsing was heard from a place shrouded in black smoke, and it quickly grew out of control.

'How far... ... .'

When the magic smoke dissipated and the sight finally opened, Jacey shivered.

Mirac Minerva's magic, which she first confirmed, was at the level of turning all visible scenery to ashes.

'This isn't magic. It's a disaster.'

There was nothing rising above the ground 200 meters ahead of the fan-shaped spread, only black hills of ash piled up.

"Tsk, you're annoying me."

Minerva, who had returned to her adult form, turned to Jacey while spinning her jet.

"let's go. There is still one more thing left to check."

Without saying a word, she just nodded her head.

'If this person... ... .'

She would be able to get the greatest revenge on the North Eymond Republic for killing her husband.



* * *



"Let go! free me! I want you to send me home!"

Bassetto realized the situation he was in when he saw the only structure in front of him.

shabby cabin.

It was a place called the cabin of eternity by the workers, and once you entered it, you could never come out.

"You did everything you were told to do! why the hell... ... Kuck!"

The soldier struck Bassetto on the back of the head with the hilt of his saber.

"If you want to be black, you will wear it, there are a lot of words. Don't struggle needlessly, go inside."

It was a problem even if I did my job too well.

It was a conclusion made by soldiers who grasped Baseto's ability to judge coolly in a crisis situation.

"You are fixed from today."

"You children! What have I done wrong!"

There was another blunt impact, and the soldiers grabbed Bassetto by the scruff of the neck and threw him into the cabin.

"I know you are lucky. You can eat a full meal in a private house that other workers can't even dream of."

It was said to be begging for food like a dog in a solitary cell with no means of suicide.

'Damn the kids... ... !'

If I was with the workers, I'd rather tie them up and then ask them to strangle me.

"Send me home. to send me home... ... ."

Bassetto, who had been squatting in the corner of the cabin and sobbing, felt someone's presence and raised his head.

"what... ... !"

Shirone climbed through the floor of the cabin as if there were stairs in the basement.

"Phew, I finally found it."

The Law of Zion, which had to cover the entire world, had holes drilled here and there to maximize efficiency.

"Hee! Ears, ghosts!"

Bassetto struggled with his legs, rubbing his back against the wall with nowhere else to back.

After experiencing so many terrible things, it seemed that the grim reaper had finally come to pick them up.

"pee."

Shirone, who calmed Basseto by placing her hand on her lips, looked at the movement outside and then asked.

"Are you Verdi's father?"

Bassetto's eyes, which had been making a frightened expression, suddenly changed and rushed at him.

"How about Verdi? Family, where is my family? Answer me! What the hell did you do to my daughter... ... !"

He seemed to think he had taken his family hostage.

"Everyone is fine. I came to hear what Mr. Albas said. Get out of here with me."

"Al, Albas? Was he alive?"

Basseto's eyes were filled with relief.

"I will take you to my family. Hide in a safe place until we finish the job here."

"You mean to finish? what the hell This is a dictatorship ruled by President Igor."

The five great castles of the Ivory Tower were transnational.

"I have a way. get out at once If any soldiers come... ... ."

Shirone stopped talking and pricked up his ears.

"what?"

An explosion erupted outside the cabin, echoing people's screams from all directions.

"for a bit... ... No, follow me!"

Judging by the size of the explosion, hiding inside a building seemed more dangerous.

As soon as I opened the door and went out, the demons completely engulfed the space and slaughtered the soldiers and workers.

"honey! Verdi!"

As Bassetto stomped his feet, Shirone hugged him and teleported him.

"It's dangerous!"

Fireball exploded.

Where Shirone turned her head, she saw a woman in Northern Eymond's military uniform casting magic.

'Why are they on the same side?'

It was Jaycee, a North Korean spy.

"huh! quite... ... !"

Seeing Shirone dodging the fireball, she cast fly magic and attacked.

A spy couldn't have a sincere ally, and everyone here was her enemy.

'I'm going to kill them all! Abominable bastards!'

The death of her husband, who was the only family she returned to after six years of penetrating life, devoting her youth.

"You guys feel the same way!"

Carrying Minerva on her back, she cast invisibility magic right in front of Shirone.

If it's a being that relies on its eyes, it's safe to say that it's already dead... ... .

'This way!'

Shirone's senses were three levels higher than humans', and the photon cannon accurately captured the target.

'How can I... ... ?'

Jacey was dizzy.

'Press!'

The moment when the experience of a 3rd-class wizard compresses the air to form a high-strength curtain.

bang!

The impact of the photon cannon hit Jaina in the stomach, vibrating the press harder than rebar.

"Gagging!"

With the magic of invisibility broken, she realized that she didn't know where the shock wave was pushing her.

'I'm not just a wizard.'

It was the first shock I ever experienced.

=======================================
[760] Possibility (2)





"Huh!"

I felt the pain only after I had already flown 20 meters, and Jace desperately held on to the consciousness of moving away.

'stop! Stop!'

I applied reverse thrust with blow-type magic, but my body bounced off the floor like a ball, only doubling the pain.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

It was the first time she realized that a person could roll for so long and so much.

It rolled endlessly, and no sign of stopping seemed to be waiting at a very distant point in time.

'Die!'

You will roll and you will die.

The moment she heard a thunder and felt something break, a powerful force suddenly stopped her.

"Huh! Huh!"

Jace, who looked up at the spinning sky while holding her in her arms, focused on his body.

'Three ribs, broken wrist, ruptured ankle ligaments.'

The moment I judged that far, what came to my mind was what kind of magic I was under.

'It was just light.'

Information about God Particles is now quite well known, but Book Eymond was an exception.

'There is no wizard like that here.'

If a 3rd-class archmage can be defeated by a single magic attack, then it should be a 1st-class wizard.

"You got it right. It must have been a good experience for you too."

Minerva clicked her tongue and blew her witch's breath into Jacey's lips.

"iced coffee... ... ."

I fell into ecstasy for a while, but when I came to my senses, the pain in my body was gone without a trace.

"It's a level that has been put together. Do not fight."

Jace's eyes widened.

"It can't be! There are still thousands or tens of thousands of people to kill... ... ! Keugh!"

Jace crouched down as his side ached.

'Rage is beautiful.'

Minerva, who had been watching him lovingly, corrected her expression and stood up.

Shirone stood in front of him.

"What are you doing?"

"You know. If you still don't know, you're at a low level. North Eymond conducted experiments that were threatening to mankind."

"So what are you going to do?"

"As you can see... ... ."

Minerva introduced the scene where countless demons turned to ash and disappeared.

"You have to finish one by one. Sooner or later North Eymond will disappear from the world map."

Not revealing the room for compromise means that she also grasped the true nature of Igor.

"The same goes for Garas, but the control of the altar has already passed. See those demons? There are still huge numbers coming out. It's hard to finish it unless it's a genocide."

"That is cruel. Even people who have nothing to do with it get caught up in it."

"Of course it is. But it's my job to minimize the damage. And to be honest... ... ."

Minerva's eyes changed.

"There is no human in the world who would feel unfair about being killed."

"... ... ."

"If you are strong, you can make a choice. good or evil. But for the weak, the only weapon that can make them strong is evil. When you do something evil, people get scared. I wonder if I will suffer that kind of damage."

Minerva's smoking pipe pointed at Baseto.

"Do you know how different that guy is? If he had been as strong as you, he might have been worse than Igor. That nobody knows."

I learned what kind of person Minerva was from the elevator in the Ivory Tower, and I learned why she became that way through the story of <Slaughter>.

Since compromise would be difficult, Shirone also spoke her own words.

"Stop the slaughter. From now on, I will take care of North Eymond."

The person who didn't want to do that the most was definitely Jacey, who came to Minerva's side, clutching at her side.

"Were you acquainted?"

Surely that should be enough to not be ashamed of.

"Should I say we know each other? It's a work colleague."

"Yes? A co-worker?"

After confirming where she worked, Jacey narrowed her eyes and looked back at Shirone.

"You mean that person is also a star?"

"yes. It's embarrassing. If it was another star, I would kick it out, but he has the same rank as me."

Same rank as Minerva.

"So, what about Oh Dae-seong?"

"yes. I'm the Human Security Enforcement Department, he's the Integrated Space Management Department. But the problem is... ... ."

The United Space Management Department has a little stronger attack on Taeseong.

Jacey, unaware of the fighting inside the ivory tower, was just interested in Shirone.

"I must have just turned twenty... ... ."

Well, wasn't Minerva actually over seven hundred years old?

"right. He is twenty years old."

Jacey looked back at Minerva with a puzzled expression, but she wasn't joking.

"And mankind's strongest wizard. No, second in the ranking?"

Minerva hinted at Nane's existence and said with a playful smile.

"Yes, joint first place."

"Don't instigate childish fights. I'll figure it out for you. The problem now is Mr. Minerva. Nothing is solved this way."

"Then what are you going to do?"

"Dispel the disaster magic right now."

The demons, second generation demons, and ordinary people were all dying from the deadly poisonous gas she scattered.

"Do you have <Spell>?"

Shirone frowned.

"Let's make a deal. If <Law Killing> comes out, I will hand over this agenda to the United Space Management Department."

"I can't."

"You're going to hand it over to Kashan? It wouldn't be an idle place to care about politics."

"Nope. I have a feeling that if Mr. Minerva had this, he would suffer even more than he does now."

The poisonous gas disappeared.

"Just because you sacrificed for everyone doesn't mean you can protect everyone. Neither you nor I are gods. And no guffins. Even if you reach the realm of infinity, it is only human infinity."

Minerva pointed to the battlefield.

"see? Even now, countless people are dying to the demons. You can beat them, but you can't save them all! You, too, should stop being a petty god and make choices and focus!"

so it's annoying

"To Nane, to Kashan, to the altar, to humans, to atrocities... ... ! you can't do it all! Right now, even the residents here can't protect it!"

On the other side of the supply route, Verdi and his family shouted.

"Dad! Dad!"

"Verdi!"

Baseto threw himself away, and the demons chased after the family with scary weapons.

Simultaneously, the situation was analyzed.

The second generation of demons was massacring the garrison, and in the distance Godan, the commander of the 48th Military Facility, was slicing the workers with a sword.

said Minerva.

"This is reality! Killing them all minimizes damage! So leave it to me and get out!"

"What is reality?"

The moment of giving up is real.

"How do you know without trying?"

As Shirone focused her mind, the Spirit Zone grew to an unimaginable size and covered the military facility.

"Oh, this can't be... ... ."

In front of the spirit of Yahweh beyond human limits, Jaycee did not even dare to interfere.

'Quantum Super Position!'

100,000 stacks.

A significantly higher number of Shirones than when they explored Andre's Labyrinth cast teleportation in all directions.

The flash that spread like an explosion was blinding, and countless people experienced the miracle at the same time.

"Great!"

Synesthesia, the five senses plus time, space, and mind, has been transmitted through the Spirit Zone.

That transcendent information analyzed every situation without any error and saved people who were on the verge of being attacked by demons.

"Damn Yahweh! Abominable Yahweh!"

In a situation where only the demons were annihilated, the second generation of the demons stopped their actions as if frightened.

"Ah, ah... ... ."

Verdi shed tears as he looked up at the thousands of flashes of light parabolic in the sky.

I couldn't analyze it with an adult's head, but the emotions that filled my heart were no different.

"Huh! Whoa!"

save everyone

"My brother told me."

At the 48th Military Facility, there are countless people who live and are treated as subhumans.

"You are the most valuable person in the world."

When something that no one had attempted in human history became a reality, people knelt down one by one.

light embroidered the sky.

"What is that light?"

While everyone had the same question, the demons turning to ashes shouted.

"I hate Yahweh! I'll tear the people you love to shreds! I will watch you shed tears of blood in hell!"

"Die, Yahweh! Be cursed, Yahweh!"

people muttered.

"Yahweh."

A love that humans cannot do.

"Lord Yahweh... ... ."

100,000 flashes of light created 10 million afterimages and covered the sky, and finally the whole world was filled with light.

Shirone knelt down and exhaled heavily.

"Huh! Huh!"

Looking back at the scene where all the demons had disappeared, Minerva fell into deep thought.

"It's not over yet!"

What remains are a few second-generation demons.

Most of them suffered injuries that made them unable to move, but Commander Godan survived and charged towards Shirone.

"Magic."

It was natural for them to hate Shirone, who had everything except love among human emotions.

"I will kill you, abominable... ... !"

When Minerva held out her hand, the jet flew with tremendous acceleration and pierced Godan's body.

"Gagging!"

As he toured the facility in that state and penetrated all the buildings called buildings, the high end finally drooped.

"... ... Are you okay?"

Minerva, who had finished, approached Shirone, who was practicing mindless breathing.

Shirone raised her head without saying a word.

"It's as if the person who will answer is you."

"I can do it. You may have your kar, but please leave this task to me."

"We saved the 48th Military Facility."

Minerva looked back at the tranquil landscape.

"Are you going to save the capital next? North Eymond further, the continent further, the East, the South... ... ."

until when?

"Just because you did it today doesn't mean that your karma has been implemented."

"I know. But... ... ."

Shirone looked back at Verdi, who was crying tears of joy as she hugged her family.

"Because it doesn't matter."

If one individual can save the whole on the condition of sacrificing everything... ... .

'I couldn't do it, so I didn't do it either. But if, really, if there was even a 1% chance of that... ... .'

What better gamble could there be?

"Heh, on a topic that doesn't even exist like Kar."

Shirone smiled and stood up.

"Then are you entrusting it to me now?"

"What do you know? Anyway, if you're black, it's the Human Security Enforcement Department. What we got in return is recklessness."

It was the department that killed the most people.

"I'll also have <Swordsman>."

As Shirone hammered the nail firmly, Minerva smiled and turned around.

"I can't. Do you know how to use it?"

"Yes? just... ... Doesn't it automatically activate when you put your earnest heart into it?"

"Otherwise it is. That would be enough to kill a badass bastard, but the opponent <Law Killing> will probably be on a different level this time."

Shirone had not heard the news of the temple.

"The atrocity that the Empress of Kashan is watching is Gustav Havitz, 17 years old. He is the person who became Gustav's emperor this time."

"Three Emperors... ... ."

"It should be quicker to understand that you know Uorin. Their skills are also not average. That means there will be a lot of stratagems to avoid the law of <Slaughter>."

"okay."

Shirone could not have imagined that the emperor would die.

'Certainly so. To kill the emperor from North Eymond to Gustav's palace, and from there again through numerous escorts... ... .'

How can the alternative law be changed?

=======================================
[761] Possibility (3)





"The law of <Slaughter> is not omnipotent. Unless the opponent is also an idiot, he tries to avoid the law."

said Minerva.

"Cause and effect interlock endlessly. Axing is twisting it to the extreme. But even if there is an axing that cuts everything, there is also an axing that blocks everything, right?"

Minerva crossed the index fingers of both hands.

"When they collide, a new law is born in which the two overlap."

<Law Slaughter> should work in conjunction with the law of the target, not to enforce the law.

"Statistically, it takes four months on average to circle the planet."

"what? Is it surprisingly fast?"

It was an incredibly fast trip around the world compared to having to bite the tail of causality.

Minerva agreed.

"yes. It's a pretty powerful axing. However, in severe cases, it may take more than a year. For example, what if the target of <Slaughter> roams the world nonstop?"

It will be an endless chase.

"It actually happened. The subject was a diplomat. What I realized at that time is that no matter how fast the law of <Slaughter> is, it cannot be faster than the speed at which it moves to carry out a specific purpose. So what did I do?"

"You took it yourself."

"answer. That's why 'reset' is so important. After erasing the target, artificially designing the incident."

"But is it possible? Even if the owner of <Slaughter> dies, the law has already been invoked, right?"

"There is one way. It's what I call 'retargeting,' and you can use it to reset things."

"Hmm."

Shirone was lost in thought.

"It's a very tricky weapon."

"It is a characteristic of S-class objects. Rather than being difficult, it's so effective that there's a lot of room for maximization. Armand too? Just like anyone can be strong, but you have to understand it perfectly to function 100 percent."

Shirone understands Armand perfectly.

'And there is only one person in the world who can handle <Slaughter> the best... ... .'

The creator of the weapon was Mirach Minerva.

"like. Let's move together for a while. Please explain to Uorin if you ever need to use <Spell>."

The Empress of Kashan would have designed the optimal method based on Minerva's explanation.



Meanwhile, while Shirone and Minerva were talking about <Slaughter>, Jacey's face was dazed.

"really... ... Is it possible?"

Workers were enjoying a pleasant reunion with their families in the landscape where the demons were washed clean.

"Then why... ... why the hell... ... !"

Did my husband have to die

"If you have such a great ability! Why the hell! Why didn't you save my husband!"

Hearing Jacey's voice, Shirone turned her head, and Minerva's eyes locked coldly.

'Possibility... ... .'

Just by showing the possibility of saving the whole, Shirone can be said to be close to a god.

'But not everyone can be saved.'

In the end, someone will suffer, and that pain will endlessly circulate according to the fear of reincarnation.

'I got caught this time... ... .'

Minerva became a witch.

'Tomorrow is you.'

If you have an incurable disease, suffered a natural disaster, or lost your life in an unexpected accident.

The life of a creature is to turn and stop the bomb named Pain, whose turn will be next.

That's why, watching from the end of time, this world is just full of pain... ... .

still i am right

'Those who think they've cast their lot right now won't understand me... ... .'

Jacey would have been too.

'You know? Now Jaycee... ... .'

And Minerva.

'The fact that this world is so resentful.'

Jacey cried.

"Why me! Why! Everyone else is happy, why am I the only one who has to suffer like this!"

Shirone bit his lip.

'It's because of me.'

It was the pain caused by blocking me, and the number of bombs would increase further in the future.

'I want to become stronger.'

No, if only I could turn my heart around, even by begging on my knees.

However, knowing that this couldn't be the case, Shirone terribly clenched her fists and made up her mind.

"It's not your fault."

Minerva put her hand on Shirone's shoulder.

"It's not even my fault."

contradiction.

What happens when an all-cutting axing and an all-blocking axing collide?

The law says:

"It's just the way it is."

state of contradiction.

"Just because we can't imagine it doesn't mean there aren't consequences. this is the result Accept it and move on."

Minerva laid Jacey on her lap, who was crying until she was exhausted, and bit into a smoking pipe.

"Sleep for a while. This will help."

Jacey's pupils relaxed peacefully as the witch's breath leaked through her lips.

"Because if we leave it as it is, we might make bad choices."

Minerva, who had lifted Jacey up in the air with her magic, turned to Shirone and said.

"Let's go to the capital. I have to finish this job."

The witch's broom jet swept away Godan's corpse and flew quickly.

"Do you want to ride together?"

The seat seemed to be cramped because Jacey had to be picked up.

"Nope. Go away. I will follow you."

Minerva laughed at the words that she would follow even though she knew it was a jet that was listed in the world record.

"great. If it's too late, I'll handle it my way?"

As soon as Minerva jumped up and landed on the jet, powerful gas was released and soared into the sky.

The sound of metal grinding followed by a sonic explosion, and Shirone turned to Verdi.

She nodded as if she understood what she wanted to say, then bowed deeply again.

'thank you.'

Shirone, who had regained her composure, looked back at the sky and bent her knees.

broad interest.

As the wings of light spread tens of meters in length, the eyes of the people watching widened.

"Uh-oh... ... ."

If it was just to fly, it would have exceeded its capacity, but it had to be this much to follow Minerva.

As everyone looked up at the pair of wings soaring into the sky, the light descended at a terrifying speed.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

A roar erupted, and Shirone's body disappeared through the clouds in less than a second.

"Oh my gosh... ... ."

Moments later, another sonic explosion erupted.



'It's too fast. I'm flying at Mach too.'

Each time the wings hit the air, Shirone 's body was pushed forward hundreds of meters.

It was only after doubling the cycle that I was able to capture the smoke created by the jet's flames in the distance.

"oh? Did you really follow me?"

Minerva looked around and waved, as if meeting an acquaintance in passing.

It was no longer in a situation where their voices could be transmitted, and Shirone and Minerva read each other's lips and chatted.

"Are you going to take me?"

Jacey was hanging like laundry and looked like it was about to fall.

"don't worry. Surprisingly, the ride feels good. Jaycee... ... ."

Minerva looked down at the swift-flowing mountain landscape and broke the Law of Jet.

"I can leave it here."

Shirone hurriedly turned his head, but Jacey was already visible as a dot in the distance.

"... ... Are you okay?"

"Who do you think I am?"

Shirone, speechless, looked back, but Minerva increased the thrust of the jet.

"The loser grants the wish."

As the jet stretched 10 meters in length, Minerva gradually began to overtake Shirone.

"I will listen to anything."

As she flinched and bounced forward as if she had disappeared, Shirone's sympathy also boiled over.

"Yes, this is it... ... ."

I didn't have any particular wish, but I desperately wanted to avoid the situation of granting her wish.

As the mass of the light wing increased, it hit the atmosphere with solid strength, and Shirone's body was shot like a cannon.

'Hey there!'

The capital of North Eymond came into view.



* * *



the capital Pascia.

The Sujanggung, where the president resided, was a multi-purpose fortress with 780 buildings all connected.

Revolution Square was one of the largest man-made structures in the world and could accommodate all of the capital's 3 million people.

Putting it in is probably accurate, but Igor thought that everyone in the country should praise him directly.

Of course, it was the case of the human Igor, but that idea was still valid even after the governor was changed to a demon.

"Commander, preparations are complete."

Commander of the 24th Corps, Maraduk of Ruin.

He was a man with a beautiful appearance that caught the attention of many women, and light purple hair that came down to his shoulders.

Golden patterns were engraved along the rim of the black armor that adhered to the body, and on the left side of the throne, a sword was leaning toward its owner.

"How long have you been together?"

"The total number of troops who have escaped from the psychic realm is 8 million."

It was a number that corresponds to dozens of times the army of one country, but considering that Satan's army is 2 billion, it was not even a corps level.

"Enough to hit a human."

When Maradouk came down the stairs with the sword attached to his waist, the four division commanders all retreated left and right.

The room was completely soundproofed, but the windows were vibrating due to the shouts outside.

"I will be the vanguard and destroy the world."

As soon as I opened the window, the blocked sound came in like a cannon.

"Kill the human! Kill humans!"

An army of 8 million spread out beyond the Chieftain's Palace was roaring with evil.



Shirone looked down at the scene of Pasia.

"... ... What is that?"

While most of the streets were empty, more demons than ants swarmed on the side of the chief palace.

said Minerva.

"I guess the capital is over. I can't even see the resistance. The Capital Defense Forces must have already been destroyed."

"Are there any survivors?"

"Maybe. But it won't be on the side of the chief palace. If someone got in there, they would be eaten right away."

"I need to find survivors."

"That's a good choice too. But now is not the time. Things get complicated when the second generation of demons from the chief palace cross the border."

It will infiltrate into society and move covertly.

"It would have been possible to experiment because it was a closed society, but that's why we also have a chance. Let's hit it."

"You want to play?"

The number of troops gathered in the Chief Palace seemed to easily exceed 5 million even when checked in terms of unit area.

"Where are you going to start?"

Minerva bent her index finger.

"Peck."

As Shirone turned her gaze to the tips of her fingers, Minerva's body floated and left the jet.

"From start to finish."

When Minerva's body resisted, the jet moved ahead and rushed toward the entrance of the Longbow.

'Are you really doing it?'

Dealing with an army of 8 million alone was impossible with human common sense.

"Wake! Go right away!"

Although it broke away from the jet, the tremendous inertia still led Minerva's body toward the eldest arch.

Hey hey hey!

The demons at the entrance looked up at the sky at the sound of the gong of Mach's speed.

"A surprise... ... !"

Before the words could be finished, the jet crashed and the second generation of demons in the area soared into the sky.

"Kuaaaaa!"

remaining troops.

7,999,954 (7,999,954) people.

=======================================
[762] Lord of Ruin (1)





Minerva, flying toward the entrance of the Chief Palace, turned to Shirone and said.

"Did I win?"

Jet arrived first, but Shirone was already fully focused on the battle.

"I will be the captain."

"As you like. But going will not be easy."

Without answering, Shirone fluttered her wings and moved away toward the end of the long palace, and Minerva landed at the entrance.

As soon as she pulled out the jet inserted in an oblique line, a terrifying poison spread from her body.

"Now, shall we start cleaning?"

Piercing through the deadly poison, 2-meter-tall, muscular demons surrounded her.

"I'll chew you alive!"

Even in the midst of rotting flesh, the demons were fearless, and that's why an army of 8 million was the strongest of 8 million.

'Honestly, I'm a little embarrassed.'

A hard smile formed on Minerva's lips.



The land area of ??the chief palace where the dictator's greed permeated was one of the few in the world.

Ignoring all the demons teeming on the ground, Shirone headed for the leader's palace.

'I have no choice but to catch the captain.'

8 million.

It's easy to say, but how many humans can accurately imagine an army of 8 million?

In addition, those on the ground now were demons with armed forces that were far higher than the average human.

'Maybe from the beginning... ... .'

I had a sudden thought.

'Isn't it a war that can't be won?'

Satan's army of 2 billion meant that if one demon killed two humans, the entire world's population would be annihilated.

It was terrifying to think what would have happened if Shion hadn't reduced the psychic realm.

"what?"

An ominous flame blazed across the sky in the orbit of Shirone's flight.

"Geuuuuuu"

As the space opened, an insect-eaten face appeared in the real world.

Company commander Renault.

As a Demon that transports the troops of Hell, it can hold 400 Demons in its mouth.

"Yahweh... ... !"

Seeing the demons swarming in her open mouth, Shirone's face contorted.

'Broad!'

As the curtain of light pulsated explosively and dug into her mouth, the screams of the demons blinded her eardrums.

"Kiyaaaaa!"

The field of view filled with blood and flesh suddenly burst open, and demons exploded like fireworks.

Remaining troops, 7,999,231.

... ... There is no end.

In an instant, 400 demons were blown up in the air, but none of the demons felt a sense of loss.

'I'm tired of it... ... .'

Yahweh loves everything that exists and therefore transcends good and evil... ... .

Demons have no mercy.

'Ataraxia!'

As the huge Halo was born, colorful information began pouring like crazy.

At the same time as the start, Shirone aimed the completed magic circle at the ground and fired a photon cannon.

Aaaaaaang!

As the air roared, a flash of light dozens of meters in diameter was pierced diagonally, scratching the ground in that state.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Demons far stronger than humans sprang out in all directions, but they could not exceed Shirone's scale.

273, 398, 113, 198... ... The average number of demons dying per second reached about 200.

By the time the amplification of the flash ended, the casualties of the demons had exceeded 2,000, and Brigade Commander Sodas looked up into the sky.

"beautiful... ... ."

Remaining troops, 7,996,973.

"I'm going to really go crazy."

Shirone put on a tired expression.

It didn't feel like it had diminished, and Minerva was worried when she felt the strength of the overwhelming number of troops she had actually experienced.

I looked back toward the entrance of the Chief Palace, but what caught my eye was a colony of demons of different heights.

In some places, I saw things over 10 meters.

'Can I really do it?'

While Shirone was deep in thought, the 44th Brigade, 7th Division, 24th Corps all looked up at the sky.

"There is Yahweh! Shoot!"

As the hairless, snub-nosed devils opened their mouths so much that their jaws fell out, filth shot out in a net.

'Destroy the horse!'

As Yahweh's light expanded in the form of the Spirit Zone, the toxic filth turned to ashes.

Minerva was worried.

'Just once, let's do it just once.'

The limit of Quantum Super Position that Shirone, who has reached the level of Yahweh, can play at the same time is 100,000.

'I don't have a chin with this.'

When all of them cast Angel's Punishment, the weakening of the army will be visible.

'Just a moment.'

The problem was that the safety of the main body performing the quantum superposition could not be guaranteed, but Minerva wouldn't be able to last long anyway.

'Quantum Super Position!'

100,000 stacks.

In an instant, her mind spun around, and Shirone's body fell to the ground at a terrifying speed.

Blocking the impact of landing is all the magic the body can do.

"Now!"

100,000 Shirones turned into flashes of light and soared into the sky, raising the incarnation of an archangel.

At the same time, Brigadier Sodas hugged Shirone's body.

"Got it!"



Incarnation - Angelic Punishment.



Remaining troops, 5,668,227 men.

All the demons lost their hearing as the longbow was adorned with a scene that looked like a shower of light.

Remaining troops, 4,340,976 men.

I couldn't tell how loud the roar was, and I just realized that a catastrophic impact had occurred on the ground.

Remaining troops, 3,365,763.

"Kuaaa!"

As the cycle progressed, the number of deaths decreased, but there was already a space in the square like circular hair loss.

"Keugh!"

Sodas squeezed Shirone's neck with both hands, and 100,000 Shirone stopped firing at the same time.

'I was aiming for an exact gap.'

It wasn't that I couldn't detect the approach to the spirit zone, but my thoughts couldn't keep up.

'strong.'

And it was beautiful.

It had a neat face that could not be thought of as a devil, and a fresh fruit-like scent emanated from its skin.

"What are you doing? continue."

Shirone frowned.

"... ... what?"

Sodas pressed his body tightly and put one hand down to sweep his chest.

"I will protect you, so kill them all."

This time, I was suspicious of what the intention was, but Sodas' eyes did not waver.

"Anyway, brigade commanders won't be defeated, and the rest of them will be reborn as many times as they like."

It will be as long as humans don't give up on demons.

"But they are your men."

Tears flowed from Sodas' eyes.

"Actually I... ... I want to repent. Living as a demon is terrible now. So please... ... Give me one chance... ... ."

'I always say that.'

But Igor said:



- It is not that there are no penitent demons at all.



"This is the last time. If my filthy body can be purified with your light, maybe I too... ... ."

Sodas' eyes went up.

"Ah, this is the body of Yahweh... ... ."

Unlike lowering his hand, Soda's power was applied to his right hand holding his neck.

'die!'

Just when he was about to break Shirone's neck.

"Huh!"

As the light of Yahweh spread, the hand that grasped the neck turned into ashes and began to scatter.

"Huhhhhh!"

The Quantum Super Position had already been unlocked.

"In addition... ... ."

Sodas, who was suffering from Shirone's voice, looked down with difficulty.

"You lied."

Is there anyone in the world who would believe a swindler with 20 criminal convictions?

'The devil repents?'

parents believe

If you pray with tears in your eyes, saying, "Mom, I won't do that again," you have no choice but to believe whether you have a criminal record of 20 or 200.

'It can change, this time it's real... ... .'

That's why Shirone was rather sad even while extinguishing the demon, a sick child of a human who could never change.

"No."

Sodas looked down at Shirone with sorrowful eyes and stroked his face with a hand that was turning to ashes.

"I was really trying to do penance."

"Aaaaaaa!"

As the light of Yahweh spread, Sodas and all the demons around were burned.

"Huh! Huh!"

Even while stabilizing the mind with the breathing method of free mind, the enemies were endlessly rolling in.

"Is it worth it?"

When the kneeling Shirone looked back, Minerva had arrived behind her.

She also clearly looked tired, and her clothes, which had been ripped off by demons, were tattered.

Superqualifier's senses can treat the mind like matter, and Shirone quickly regains her composure.

"till now. How is Minerva?"

"Me too... ... so so."

It wasn't the time to fight.

"Please protect me. If you activate the Quantum Super Position again and wipe out the demons... ... ."

"It's no use. still don't know Yahweh's light itself becomes a powerful weapon against the demons... ... ."

Minerva pointed the smoking pipe forward.

"That's because demons are non-entities. It will take its own blows, but in the end, it's just a matter of time.

"So you mean leave me alone?"

"no."

said Minerva, puffing out green smoke.

"There are ways to be a little more constructive."

Shirone, who blocked the smoke from coming, inflicted angelic punishment on enemies in all directions.

"What are you going to do?"

Remaining troops, 3,363,305 men.

"I'm going to use the forbidden technique."

Shirone was already anxious.

"If it is banned, we must keep it. What forbidden technique is it that can be used so easily?"

"The United Space Management Department will take responsibility. Even if you don't believe me, if Taeseong is you, it's terrible. In return, I'll give you three wish veto tickets."

"It is not subject to compromise."

"yes?"

Minerva inhaled deeply.

"Then what are you going to be punished for?"



Calamity Magic - The Walking Dead.



As she puffed out her cheeks and exhaled, moving her head from left to right, a cloud of green smoke rose.

"What the hell people say... ... ."

"I already did it."

After assessing the situation at Minerva's words, Shirone hurriedly looked around.

"Ahhh... ... ."

Dozens of demons in charge of acting stood for a while with stupidly relaxed pupils, then suddenly became violent.

However, the target they were attacking was not Minerva, but the demons right next to them.

"What is this... ... ."

Minerva explained.

"The art of fratricide, The Walking Dead. When poisoned, there is only enmity against one's own people. They lose consciousness, but they don't die unless their heads are blown off."

"The Walking Dead."

It was the name of a terrible disaster recorded in history books.

"yes. And the true horror of this masterpiece... ... ."

Minerva said, revealing that she would live.

"It is an infection."



Number of infected: 48.



"Krrrr... ... Aaaaaa!"

The demon who was bitten by the demon flipped its eyes and bit another demon next to it.



Number of infected: 127.



"Follow. We enter the leader's palace like this."

As the demons started attacking the allies, the gap between the clearings around Minerva gradually began to increase.

"you idiot! Why are you biting us!"



Number of infected: 897 people.



Shirone looked at the back of the Archwitch as she walked along the road that widened by itself.

'Mirac Minerva.'

Oh Dae-seong of the Human Security Enforcement Department, but perhaps she could be said to be a walking disaster.

"Those who side with humans are not demons!"



Number of infected: 2,483.



"Whoops, will it be that easy?"

The higher the population density, the greater the power of infection.

"Aww! no! I'd rather kill you!"

The worst fire, which had already driven mankind to the brink of extinction before Nane, was spreading in the Chieftain's Palace.



Number of infected: 6,323.

=======================================
[763] Lord of Ruin (2)





* * *



"Brigade commander."

Besium, the 7th division commander belonging to the 24th Corps, approached with a clap of black iron armor.

"Soldiers are attacking our allies."

Maraduk of Ruin, a beautiful man, sat on a throne and smiled lightly.

"Can you stop it?"

Besium immediately prostrated himself.

"Just leave it to me!"

"Hmm."

When Maraduk rose from his seat, the three division commanders who were standing besides Besium saluted.

"This is an interesting ability. It's an infection... ... ."

The sight that Maradouk looked down through the window was a huge wave with no personality.

"Aww! die! Just die!"



Number of infected: 165,843.



Maraduk laughed while exposing his fangs as he watched the walking dead demons massacre their own people.

"Isn't it really the devil?"

Savoring the irony, the four division commanders silently watched the scene outside the window.



Number of infected: 325,574.



The infection route created on a scale of 1 million units was pushing toward the leader's palace, causing huge ripples.

"Clean it up."

Maradouk made a firm decision.

"They are useless."

It was already an irreversible situation, and when the number of infected people exceeds 1 million, the division commander gets tired from then on.

"I will follow your orders."



While walking in the middle of the battlefield, Shirone and Minerva caught sight of the leader's palace in the distance.

"Determine yourself! Kill yourself as soon as you get bitten!"

Hell's brigade commanders put a bluff, but the chain of command was no longer in a situation to work.

Some demons took their own lives, but the statistics always converged to the average, and as the demons who missed the opportunity attacked the surroundings again, the infection grew like a snowball.



Number of infected: 653,329.



Shirone gulped as she walked along the path opened by the army of hell.

'it's over. It's a terrifying magic.'

It benefited from a high population density, but even if it were dispersed, annihilation would have been a matter of time.

So my heart ached.

'The magic of fratricide.'

When Minerva first revealed this magic to the world, humanity was on the brink of extinction.

'Originally, to get rid of humans.'

How terrible must be human hatred for this kind of magic to be realized in the world?

"Don't be like that."

Minerva, who was blowing out cigarette smoke, said with a grin and tearing the corners of her mouth.

"It's embarrassing to praise you like that."

"... ... ."

Just when Shirone was lost in thought, an explosion occurred in the leader's palace.

"Looks like you finally realized that your ass was on fire."

There were four people who radiated purple energy that was so vivid that you could see it where Minerva pointed the pipe.

"I'm the division commander."

At the same time as he finished speaking, the demon in black iron armor took a step forward and swung his sword.

"The pitiful things."

The trail of the sword, which should have ended as an afterimage, still remained in the space, wriggling, and then spread out, causing a huge ripple.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The number of demons cut by the single sword exceeded 300, and other division commanders also began to eliminate allies.

"It's a counter-fire operation."

If you remove the infected in advance, you can at least prevent the demons from flooding into the leader's palace.

"A demonic judgment. But I can't stop it anyway."

The number of infected people has already exceeded the number of non-infected people.

"I can buy time. Look over there."

Pointing to the top of the Leader's Palace, Maradouk, the commander of the 24th Corps, was looking down at them with a displeased face.

"You look good."

Minerva's voice was as cold as ice.

"I will be strong."

There was no room for objection, the demonic energy was burning like a flame.

"I will take over as the corps commander. You clear this up."

Shirone shook her head.

"Nope. This is my job. I will take down the corps commander, so please take the division commander's side."

Minerva let out a laugh.

"Have you ever fought a corps commander?"

there was no

"You know how strong the division commander is. But the corps commander is not at that level. The best masterpiece that can be created through the condensation of demons."

It reminded me of how Igor, the lord of terror, harassed the mercenaries with 'brains in a vat' in Radum.

"The army of hell was born when the individuality of Satan melted into the raw material called demons. Especially from the division commander level and above, the bizarre personality goes beyond common sense. It's a different matter from my rightness."

Satan was a being outside the law.

"The reason Nane's sermon is powerful is that it is right after all. His tongue becomes the sword of truth and pierces the world. On the other hand, the reason your Yahweh is powerful is because it makes the wrong not wrong."

All the laws love Shirone.

"That's the Infinite Wizard. All imaginable things are realized through the light of Yahweh. Are you a newbie then?"

not god

"You only use the power of a god, but you are a human. God doesn't imagine. He is everything he made."

If it was really God, Jacey wouldn't have accepted the world as suffering.

"You're bragging, but you're strong. Clearly, the only thing that can stop my huge rightness is your infinity. But it is also a battle of scalability. In terms of depth... ... ."

It was a firm voice.

"I don't think your realm is deeper than Miro or Veron. At least not yet."

that's also true.

"You are twenty years old now. You follow your judgment because you see the potential, not because you believe you can save the whole thing right now. Isn't Jace's job like that too?"

While all demons except for a few commanders were infected, Minerva moved on.

"Leave it to me. I'll ask your back."

Shirone put his hand on Minerva's shoulder.

"Please let me do it."

"... ... This is not a bet. If you die, humanity is over. It doesn't matter to me."

"I don't die. Nothing can be saved by death."

Minerva clicked her tongue and turned around.

"do whatever you want. The world you saved anyway, whether you boil porridge or poison yourself... ... ."

"Do not worry. Because in Heaven, I survived even against the archangels."

Minerva smiled bitterly.

"Angels who can't abort (system destruction)... ... ."

"Apostasy?"

"I am the master of the system called Anke. I mean, no owner allows you to set your own house on fire."

"I do not understand."

"Listen to Taesung for details. Why did Anchera have no choice but to seal Ymir... ... ."

Minerva, who swung the jet, bent her lower body and assumed a posture to jump out.

"I won't stop you if you do, but you'd better be careful. The commander of the corps stands against Yahweh."

As Minerva rode the jet and rushed forward, Shirone put her doubts aside for the moment and threw herself away.

'If you defeat the corps commander, the war will end.'

As soon as he flapped his wings, he arrived at the spire of the leader's palace where Maraduk was located.

An explosion erupted where Minerva was, but without even having time to look back, Maraduk took off.

"Is it Yahweh?"

The corps commander's sword was erected vertically, and black energy covered the blade along the handle.

'Dangerous.'

As Maradouk's sword swung the landscape in half, a line 10 meters thick stretched out to the horizon.

"What is that?"

Shirone, who left her seat using the sense of time, climbed the spire on the other side and observed the ground.

There was no sound, no shock.

The straight line, as if drawn with a ruler, was a deep furrow whose depth could not be guessed.

'How deep is it?'

One kilometer, ten kilometres, maybe more.

"It's troublesome if you're surprised already."

Where Shirone slowly turned his head, Maraduk was floating a black sphere above his right hand.

"The Demon of Destruction."

The oily orb crashed through the ceiling of the leader's palace.

"... ... ."

When I checked the inside of the palace as a spirit zone, the spheres that penetrated successive floors pierced the ground.

'It keeps falling.'

It was a physically impossible phenomenon.

"Do not worry about it. It cannot pierce the stars."

Shirone looked back at Maradouk.

"just... ... It only hurts a little."

He was different from me because he was free from the law, and even an infinite wizard had no choice but to squeeze his imagination.

'How should I stop it?'



* * *



Taeseong crouched down with a painful expression on his face.

"Huh!"

The formidable shock applied to the stars was being transmitted to her body.

"Are you okay?"

Another member of the Five Greats who was invited to the Great Earth Temple, St. Mahoro Amanta, approached.

The tallest star in the Balance Department, he was a slender man with bald hair, brown skin and wrinkled eyes.

As the wheel he was holding between his thumb and forefinger turned rapidly with the sound of a spring, Taeseong's eyes turned to it.

'World wheel.'

The meaning of Mahoro was 'the one who turns the world wheel', and the sound of the spring was a sign that he would step out if necessary.

Taesung smiled.

"Do not worry. It doesn't break down to this extent."

A very long time ago, even when an asteroid collided, it was Taeseong that confidently overcame it.

"Yeah, that's right. Even if demons and the like are planning a breakup, transcending full moon (overclocking) is a long way off. However, it means that Taeseong does not have to endure pain needlessly."

Amanta only pursues moderation, and in that sense, the demon's current move had a feeling that it went too far.

"You speak like Terraforce."

"... ... It's the same philosophy. You can't exist if you don't follow the rules. I am neither on the side of demons nor on the side of humans."

The sad face of Taeseong was put in between the wheels of the fast-turning world wheel.

"I just hope I don't make you sadder."

As Amanta gripped the World Ring in her hand, she realized how quiet the Earth Temple could be.

"Please pay respect."

After Amanta disappeared, Taeseong looked back at the scene of North Eymond reflected on the ceiling.

"Shirone... ... ."

The day of judgment was approaching.



* * *



'Angel's Punishment!'

Hundreds of archangels of light threw the spears of light at the same time, devastating the ground.

The leader's palace had already lost its shape, and the capital, filled with the dictator's greed, was reminiscent of a wasteland.

'I can't catch it.'

Maraduk's sword caused afterimages, and each time it was cut, numerous Shirone's heads fell off.

All of them are Shirones, but they sacrificed themselves with the determination to protect their bodies.

The problem was the energy of destruction that Maraduk's sword sprayed like ink, and it was disappearing as soon as it touched any substance.

'Homing Photon Cannon!'

As many as two hundred homing photon cannons drew a parabolic arc and attacked Maraduk, but he had no reason to move.

"The Veil of Ruin."

The photon cannon dissipated in a silent ripple of light as black liquid covered Maraduk.

"I misjudged."

Maraduk dropped his sword to his side, poised to swing it wide.

"It wasn't even a plaything."

As the swordsmanship of the great annihilation unfolded, black liquid was sprayed in all directions in a huge line.

'Poems of fire!'

After penetrating the trajectory of the line using the sense of time, Shirone entered the other side of the world through Choeni Bardo.

'That was it!'

If it was a phenomenon that ignores physics, it could only be an ability that was activated in Park Ji's realm.

As expected, the black liquid was flying while encroaching on the other side of the world, but the shape was different from the real world.

"What the hell is this?"

I was able to feel it as a spirit zone thanks to the time I earned by making a shield out of materials.

Tiny creatures were gnawing at the iron.

'It's nano.'

Because there were so many of them, it took only an instant for the iron to disintegrate, and Shirone hurriedly threw herself away.

"Do you think knowing will make a difference?"

Maraduk, who tracked the location of Shirone who touched the nano weapon, swung his sword in the real world.

"Of course it will change."

Amgu.

"100,000 stacks."

A black hole with a gravitational field with a radius of 8 meters was born as the particles of God were compressed terribly.

Key eh eh eh!

As the black liquid drawn in a parabolic curve was sucked into a spiral, a goosebumps scream erupted.

=======================================
[764] Lord of Ruin (3)





'They're really nasty guys.'

The name of the nanobody led by Maraduk is 'Small Force', and it was a scavenger of the underworld where microbes could not exist.

'An existence outside the law.'

The reason why demons are not bound by the law is because they belong to the psychic realm created by humans.

Maraduk's demonic energy, which seemed to ignore physical force, was also a small power that worked in the other world.

'If I couldn't block it with the password... ... .'

would have died

"Whoa!"

As the choeni bardo was released, the scenery of the other world burned like a piece of paper on fire.

Maraduk stood solemnly in the ruins that humans would have had to fight for a month to create.

"... ... It was an excellent decision."

Shirone glared at Maraduk, but the aftermath of 100,000 stacked Quantum Super Positions disturbed her mind.

'It's really hard to get past this point. It's better to think of it as the limit of what's currently available.'

The only way to maintain character in an infinitely spread mind is to drop the Kar value to an extreme level.

'The depth of the realm.'

If Miro or Veron had reached the realm of Yahweh, it wouldn't have been this far.

'Why am I so shallow?'

Even planning 100,000 cases was no longer a human category, but Shirone felt sorry for her.

"The only thing that can prevent ruin is extinction."

Maraduk walked with his sword hanging down.

"Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

The sound of laughter was terribly unpleasant, but Shirone, whose mind was not yet stable, was able to buy time.

"Is this Yahweh?"

As soon as the laughter stopped, a terrifying black flame rose from Maraduk's body.

"With this kind of light... ... ."

Maraduk, who evaporated his body, swung his sword right in front of Shirone's eyes.

"No demon repents."

Shirone did not react.

'Still in my mind... ... .'

The reason why I added 100,000 overlaps to the dark sphere was because I just needed a gravitational field size of 8 meters.

'Valhalla Action!'

As the number of incidents increases, control becomes more difficult, so the concentration of power inevitably falls.

'Calculation impossible!'

However, this was also an efficiency worthy of Shirone.

'Valhalla Action!'

potential for perfection.

It was the unique personality that if all variables could be eliminated, it would be the fastest and most powerful to be perfect.

'done!'

Perhaps that's why he reached the limitless state.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

What remains for those who have continued to be perfect, and reached this position by surpassing that perfection again... ... .

"You speak interesting laws."

What is it?

"Certainly not human."

Maraduk looked at the magic circle of Valhalla action floating above Shirone's head with interest.

'Calculation is impossible.'

Since the devil is out of the law, the Valhalla action could not suggest an equivalent exchange.

'All I could do was avoid it.'

The second calculation Shirone tried was just avoiding the seat.

'Even if I don't have any ability, I'm just strong.'

In return for avoiding Maraduk's sword, the exchange was a delay of 1.87 seconds even with Shirone's level.



-Angels that cannot be abrogated.



Minerva's words finally made sense.

'Ataraxia, Valhalla action. It is the extreme of the law that can be created with the senses of an angel... ... ,'

The demons were beings that were in conflict with the law.

'So chaos.'

Maraduk pounced.

"What do you want?"

It was not at a level that could be smoothed out with a sense of time, so Shirone restarted the Valhalla action.

"Huh!"

The distance of 16.7 meters, which was moved while ignoring time, required a suspension of 4.3 seconds.

"Human Happiness?"

Maraduk rather seemed to enjoy it and leisurely pursued Shirone and threw himself.

'I can't avoid it forever!'

Like compound interest, each time the Valhalla action was linked, the amount of time Shirone had to pay was increasing.

However, if he didn't avoid it right away, he would be cut off by Maraduk's sword, so he had no choice but to pay back endless debts to stop it.

"You have succeeded, Yahweh."

Black smoke billowed from his body as Maraduk gathered all the powers of the Underworld.

"To make the devil feel pity."

As the demonic energy called the Great Annihilation raged, it encroached on a radius of 4 kilometers from where Shirone was.

There was no sound, but all the zones for a small village had disappeared from the world.

"Big!"

At a place 4 kilometers away, Shirone was crouching and unable to do anything.

"Pain and pleasure are sensations, but... ... ."

Maraduk approached in an instant.

"Where does happiness come from?"

Knowing that there was no turning back, Shirone cast Quantum Super Position as a Valhalla action.

Thousands of Shirones moved, but it was not an opponent to overwhelm with numerical superiority.

"Even if you've struggled like this... ... ."

Every time Maraduk wielded his sword like mad, countless events were extinguished.

"Can't you find something that isn't there?"

Maraduk, who moved faster than the sense of time and grabbed the alter ego, stabbed Shirone in the middle of the forehead.

'It's fine. It's not the main body.'

The moment the cold sensation penetrated her forehead, Shirone's life was cut off.



"Quaaaaagh!"

The sharp tip of Jet's spear entered division commander Besium's mouth, pierced the back of his head, and stuck to the ground.

"Ahhh... ... !"

Minerva, who had already dealt with the other three division commanders, put her butt against the collapsed wall while holding onto Jet's rod.

"Whoa."

Blood flowed from his lips, and his clothes flowed like rags, revealing his inner flesh.

Bethum said with the jet in her mouth.

"... ... You are strong."

Even from the perspective of the demons, I couldn't think of them as human beings.

"It is not strong."

Minerva, who tore the clothes around her waist, stopped the blood flowing from her shoulders and said.

"It's just a good fight."

"... ... ."

Besium, savoring her words, turned her gaze to watch the battle between Shirone and Maraduk.

"Why don't you kill me?"

"I will kill you. If you feel like it."

"Aren't you making excuses?"

"excuse?"

Bethum's mouth was torn with his jaw parted open.

"Because you won't be able to defeat our corps commander either. Are you going to save your life by doing what you had to do?"

Minerva's eyes pierced Maraduk.

"... ... I will not deny it."

You don't have to risk your life.

"But to be honest, I feel bad. just... ... If you are looking at that child."

"Yahweh is unlucky."

Minerva laughed.

"ha ha ha! right. The one who dies The one who dies and the one who lives Isn't living life? That, in another sense, is mysophobia."

"You like him."

Minerva leaned her forehead against the jet and looked down.

"Why do you think so?"

"There are only two types of people who deny Yahweh. Hate terribly, or love terribly."

"Don't you think it would be the former?"

"It's the same thing anyway."

The demons... ... Why do you hate Yahweh?

"Whoops, it's because you're the division commander, right?"

As Minerva grabbed Jet and spun it around, Bessum trembled in pain.

"Big uh... ... ."

Taking her hand off the jet, Minerva bit into the smoking pipe.

"Everybody wants to be perfect in the beginning."

Savoring the pain's departure, Bessum turned her pupils back to the sky.

"Anyone can do as little as arranging a pencil. And that's what you think. beautiful."

Minerva's smoking pipe drew pictures in the air.

"That's how the journey to perfection begins. Build a house, increase the number of floors, I should be happy, there should be no flaws in my life."

The painting was released into smoke and collapsed.

"Then one day I suddenly realized. Can it really be perfect?"

"Humans are stupid."

"right. Only the desire for perfection remains and the self disappears. I just have to give up a little bit and live."

Minerva turned to Shirone.

"If you think that there can be no pain in the world, you must be mysophobia."

The 2,458th Shirone stabbed by Maradouk's sword died in agony.

'It's fine. Because I'm not the main body.'

In fact, everyone is Shirone.

"That's why I'm angry. The heart of Yahweh who loves the whole is noble, but... ... ."

Minerva's cigarette smoke drifted long.

"Shirone, where are you in the whole thing?"

Maraduk, who had cut off all of Shirone, finally grabbed the main body by the neck and lifted it up.

"Keukkeu, laughing Yahweh."

Minerva shook her head.

"That's why you can't win."

If it is a fraternity that cannot love itself, that would also be arrogance for sacrifice.

"Because of our obsession with perfection, everything falls apart with impossible odds."

Shirone is strong, but not a good fighter.

"Take <Law Killing>, punish the atrocities, save the world, close the altar, and without a single victim... ... ."

I liked that Shirone.

"But put it down."

It seems that the filth that could not be hidden in front of any saint becomes equal in front of Shirone.

"It doesn't matter, even if everyone dies today."

That's why Shirone is a little better than me.

"It's not your fault, Shirone."

But if you don't realize it, Minerva looked down at Bessum, thinking that she would have to hand over the world to Nane at this point.

"May you live in paradise... ... ."

was already dead



"Hahaha! Ha ha ha ha!"

Maraduk, who was holding Shirone's lifeline with both hands, let out a hearty laugh.

The cruel devil's temperament, which had nothing to do with his beautiful appearance, was revealed as it was.

"To see the weeping face of Yahweh."

Hot tears flowed from Shirone's eyes as she was about to end her breath tied to the debt of Valhalla Action.

'I'm sorry, everyone... ... .'

couldn't save the world

'because of me... ... Because I'm weak... ... .'

Just as Jacey lost her husband, countless people will shed bloody tears in pain.

"Do you have any last wills to leave behind? I will leave it as a record that will never be erased in the history of the demons."

Amy.

The first thing that came to Shirone's mind when he heard the word will was Amy's face.

'I miss you.'

Because Shirone is the only person she loves more.

'If only I had listened to you back then... ... .'

If only I hadn't turned a blind eye to the voice in my dream screaming not to go.

"Write it like this."

said Maradouk, who had reached the limit of his patience.

"Yahweh didn't even make a sound."

Shirone trembled and raised his head.

"The reason I realized fraternity... ... ."

The reason why I love everything that exists.

"Because I don't want just one person to disappear."

An unapproachable vibration came from Maradouk's arm, which was holding Shirone's neck.

"die! An abomination!"

Maraduk pushed with all his strength as if he would break his neck, but a greater force pushed his fingers away.

"This, this... ... !"

Shirone's body radiated light by itself, revealing a presence that was incomparable to that of Quantum Super Position.

"Yes, Shirone. If you truly want to save the world with the light of Yahweh... ... ."

Minerva, who had been watching from afar, murmured.

"You must transcend ten thousand."

The ninth sense that living things can reach, Gongjin, was waking up in Shirone's body.

=======================================
[765] Lord of Ruin (4)





* * *



"That's what I heard."

The number of people Wu Lin met surpassed the criminal, so Gando did not bother to ask who they were.

"Humans have five senses."

Uorin drew the table with her two index fingers.

"It's like a card game, for example. Combining five cards defines a set of rules. Of course, depending on the creature, the number of cards is different, and the card you have is also different."

"The rules that define it will also change."

"yes. The problem starts here. Defining the rules means starting the game."

Uorin patted his head.

"From the moment the game starts, the pattern of combinations is endlessly accumulated. Then you realize The fact that in addition to the five cards I have, there is one more card I cannot have."

hour.

"The experience received by the five senses is integrated into one sense, synesthesia, and stored in memory. The speed at which this synesthesia accumulates is called time."

Time is also felt through the five senses.

"But sometimes I feel the time differently. I thought it would happen, but it really does."

"The accumulation time of the senses has changed."

Uorin nodded.

"We already exist in all time zones. However, because it is a being with five senses, it only feels the moment when synesthesia accumulates as reality. But some beings accumulate senses faster than humans."

An example is an angel.

"Compared to the human present, the angelic present is much greater. By our standards, it feels like real time has exploded and expanded."

A sixth sense accessible to creatures.

"This is called time-lapse. Shirone, who has the incarnation of a light angel, feels a greater present than the present we feel."

"... ... It's not human."

"So Shirone got a new card in her hand."

the rules will change.

"A sense is something as precise as an object. Shirone, who feels time as a sense, can feel all the spaces that exist at the same time, and realized a new world."

Gando looked out the window.

"The psychic world."

"People who are sensitive can sometimes feel it. Things like the feeling that someone is next to you, or strange eyes that can be seen through the cracks in the door... ... . Of course Park Ji is not at that level."

"Because inaccuracies are not sensations."

Wu Lin was satisfied.

"As we reached Shipok, Bakjiro, and Choeni Bardo, even the 7th sense was perfectly integrated. At this point, Shirone comes to sense the spirit as an object."

Uorin spread her arms.

"What remains is scalability. Shirone, who opened the immortal function, entered the 8th sense by opening the senses of supercognition. I can sense all the information in the world."

"I almost never came back."

"If the spirit of Yahweh had not been supported. But he ended up becoming the Infinity Wizard."

"Are there any more left?"

"String."

Uorin raised her index finger.

"Sipok senses photons, and Bakji senses quantum. The granularity senses photons."

In order, they conquered time and space, non-substance, and information.

"Information is a signal with its own personality. If so, how is that signal made?"

Her index finger bent.

"A certain form. All information in this world is made up of infinite combinations of forms created by vibrations."

form is everything

"To put it simply, every event in this vast universe happens only once."

Uorin, who bent her index finger, caught it on her thumb and bounced it.

"These are things that happen due to the action of a certain force."

"Only once... ... ."

"yes. To put it in the simplest terms, someone was walking down the street and saw a thread pulled tight. So I just tapped and bounced. That's it."

Gando kept his mouth shut.

"I don't know how hard it bounced. The result of the universe will be split into infinity by that intensity, but in fact, it vibrated anyway, and time, space, substance and non-substance, all information are combined in a specific form by the probability that the amplitude creates, and this world we live in now It is what the world was made of."

Uorin looked up at the ceiling.

"We are living by leaning on that power in the vibrational amplitude of a single thread. It will stop someday, but that is a day so far away that even I, who have lived for an eternity, can't imagine. Let alone stop, we don't even know when the amplitude will decrease. Of course, by then this universe will have to come to an end."

It was a scale that even Jiandao could not have imagined.

"Only vibration is the whole. All information vibrates in the process of endlessly repeating poles and poles."

"Then, resonance... ... ."

"yes."

Uorin looked back at Gando.

"The world that can be explored by those who have realized supercognition is no longer fixed. It is an endlessly fluctuating world, caused by just one force. And the 8 senses combined with the strings... ... ."

Opening her fan, she uttered solemnly.

"It means that it can resonate with the vibrations of the world."

"... ... ."

Although he didn't understand everything, Gando bowed his head in an unknown sense of awe.



* * *



"Great!"

Maraduk, who was holding Shirone's neck with both hands, frowned at the harsh vibration.

"What the hell are you?"

What was truly frightening was not the vibration, but the numerous vibrations felt through the transmission.

It was as if the whole world was shaking with Shirone's vibrations, and Maraduk's vision was shaking terribly up and down.

"Abominable Yahweh!"

As he twisted Shirone's neck hard, the afterimages of Shirone created by the vibration began to suffer with different expressions.

"Ugh!"

What Maraduk realized through that expression was that the number of afterimages exceeded 10,000 units.

"What is this?"

I wanted to break my neck right now, but Yahweh's light was canceling out the devil's energy.

"die! die! die!"

As the thick arm muscles swelled to the point of explosion, Shirone's vibrations intensified.

There seemed to be well over 100,000 Shirones, and screams leaked out from the overlapping of all kinds of expressions.

It was a sound that could not be heard even in hell.

"Huh."

In front of that cosmic phenomenon, for the first time in his life, Maradouk felt a fear of the unknown.

Shirone shedding tears of blood, Shirone screaming, Shirone crying out for help.

"... ... Are you mocking me?"

Through the afterimages, I could see Shirone sticking out his tongue while laughing, Shirone ecstatic, and Shirone bursting into laughter.

"How dare you mock the corps commander!"

At that time, Maraduk, who has raised the energy of destruction, gives strength to his hands with the determination to consume his life.

'The afterimage is disappearing.'

It was exactly the same reaction that resonated.

Tens of thousands of Shirones turned into thousands, then hundreds, and finally dozens.

"Mmmmm!"

Shirone, who gritted her teeth and endured pain, with the same expression, was just swaying back and forth quickly.

'No, it's not shaking.'

If one person had been shaken at this speed, the brain would have already been killed inside the skull.

'A huge number of incidents.'

It was a process in which 100,000 Shirones overlapping with quantum superpositions were combined into one piece of information.

"Huh."

The moment when the gradually diminishing afterimages go from 5 to 3 and finally to one Shirone.

"Are you still doing that?"

Valhalla Action's debt is gone.

"We will die together! Yahweh!"

At the moment when Maraduk exploded his magical powers and chose to return, Shirone's eyes widened.

'Resonance!'

The Shirone, united into one Shirone, spread the light of Yahweh in the Spirit Zone with a diameter of 40 kilometers.

"Kuaaaaa!"

The demons, with only infected people left, turned to ashes and scattered, screaming desperately.

"It's warm... ... ."

The corner of Minerva's mouth went up slightly as she bit into the smoking pipe with her eyes closed.

"Hey Yahweh! Yahweh!"

As Maraduk's screams pierced my eardrums, the feeling of choking was completely gone.

When Shirone slowly opened her eyes, Maraduk, whose limbs had melted, was on her knees clenching her teeth.

"How evil are you?"

Being able to withstand the light of Yahweh meant that the demon of the corps commander was equivalent to Satan.

"Don't think it's over."

Maraduk raised his head.

"There are many ways to annoy you. Repent, Yahweh. Realize your foolishness and follow the devil's path!"

Maraduk's body turned black and began to reveal the true form of a demon.

Even her beautiful appearance was nothing more than a body made up of small efforts, and she became a hideous shadow that attacked Shirone.

"I will destroy you."

The squeaking sound of bugs replaced the vocal chords.

"Ataraxia."

At the same time as the sphere of ataraxia wrapped around Shirone's body, light exploded.

Slayer Dragon Magic Quasar.

Numerous lights flew in a parabolic arc from all sides, trapping Maraduk in a huge sphere of light.

"Quaaaaaa!"

It was as if ink had been dropped into water, but a much more repulsive silhouette was wriggling around.

"I will not forgive you! Hey Satan... ... please Yahweh... ... ."

As the small forces dissipated, the sound disappeared, and when the quasar's light disappeared, not a speck of dust remained.

"It is over."

Looking back, Minerva was approaching.

"Nope. This is just the beginning."

Just as Shirone looked back at the sunset over the horizon, Minerva hit her head.

"Ouch! Why are you hitting me?"

"Isn't that cool at all? Did you know that if I turned around like that, I would be looking at you with moved eyes?"

"Nope?"

Minerva pointed.

"Anyway, you've figured it out now. Abandon the obsession of protecting everyone. I like moving while considering efficiency."

Shirone rubbed her sore head and said.

"It's still what I have to do."

"Even though this has happened... ... !"

"But, if you can't protect it, there's nothing you can do about it."

The ferocity in Minerva's eyes disappeared.

'Began to put myself in the whole.'

What you can't do is what you can't do.

'It's only true to admit that.'

And the highest efficiency for perfection.

"I am not afraid anymore. I just do my best and do what I can."

If the delusion was destroyed, Minerva's will to follow Shirone's perfection was also valid.

"great. Then shall we seal the altar? Let's report to Taeseong and fly to Kashan right away."

The agenda of the stars was endless, and Minerva soared into the sky in a jet.

Since he should be able to catch up with her now, Shirone stayed for a while to gather his thoughts.

'A new sensation. This must be the ninth.'

I don't know that the 9th sense is called resonance, but I have heard about the 10th.

'Inert.'

And now I have a vague idea of ??what kind of world that sense is hidden in.

'Manipulation of all the world's information. And if this is possible, theoretically... ... .'

Reset, you can reset the world.

'Sensation of Ankera.'

If there was an owner in this world, it was definitely the manager's authority, and it was doubtful whether even Shirone would reach it.

The reason Shirone, a human, was able to acquire a 6th sense is because she inherited the senses of an archangel.

'Ikael.'

Also, the reason why I was able to rise to the 9th sense is because the end of the senses, the 11th sense Ultima led me.

'Guffin.'

Ikael pushed it and Guffin pulled it up.

'After being made human... ... .'

In a situation where one last sense was left, Shirone remembered them and felt a terrible longing.

=======================================
[766] Apostasy (1)





"Down with Yahweh!"

I realized that the 8 million demons in the capital, Pacia, are just the tip of the iceberg.

hell indeed.

Where the flames were burning, an endless procession of demons continued.

"What about the walking dead?"

Minerva knew what Shirone was thinking.

"Can you destroy all the demons?"

The psychic realm is just a passage between reality and the other side, so if you cause an infection here, it will spread throughout hell.

"When did you stop using forbidden magic?"

"It was because I didn't know what it was. If the opponent is a demon... ... ."

"If I could, I would have done it right away."

When there was no answer, Minerva spoke frankly.

"Actually, I already did."

"How was it?"

Minerva shook her head.

"Even the corps commanders are not fools. In 2 minutes and 32 seconds of the spread of the infection, the entire area was quarantined (quarantined)."

"Are you capable?"

"yes. It must be Paimon, the commander of the 9th Corps. You hold a military post in the army of hell. Unless it's an all-out war, it's not a demon you can meet right away... ... ."

Minerva turned to a land where animal bones piled high like a mountain.

"The millions of troops infected in Pasia are not even close to activating Quarantine by Paimon's standards. Rather, the capital itself has become a good quarantine zone."

Hell's army is 2 billion and is endlessly produced.

"If you are now, you can deal with two corps commanders, but you better be careful with those who are in the top 10. Because they have different concentrations of demons."

Shirone was engraved.

"We are almost there."

I could see dozens of structures towering high like awl beneath blazing clouds of flame.

It was the castle of Maradouk who lost its owner.

"Isn't this the first time sealing the corps commander's area?"

The only way to seal the altar is to destroy all demons in the area.

"Yes."

Since the other side world itself is made of demons, the key was to block the tributary of demons called 'Bulpan'.

"We are still exploring where the headwaters are."

Currently, armies from around the world and the Valkyries of the Crusade were risking their lives to explore the underworld.

"Anyway, the hell fire that starts at the source of the fire plate spreads like blood vessels throughout the world, supplying the devil."

After passing the mountain range made of animal bones, Maraduk's castle came into view clearly.

"Oh my gosh... ... ."

Even Shirone, who had sealed several altars, could not keep his mouth shut.

A river of lava more than ten kilometers wide meandered, burning blindingly red.

"This is the upper reaches of hellfire."

Just as civilization in the real world is based on water, rivers of fire flowed in the underworld.

"help me! Please someone save me!"

Well, thousands of humans struggled with their arms in the form of molten lava.

"They are dead."

"To be precise, the spirits of the dead were condensed into demons. Because the fear of death is too strong for an ordinary human being."

"The human heart is hell."

Zulu's insight was correct.

In the end, the dead who could not overcome the pain of hellfire would be reborn as demons according to Satan's will.

'Mr. Gaold.'

He didn't give in to the pain.

'So even now... ... .'

Shirone, unaware that Gaold had come to his senses, prayed for him to return as soon as possible.

"Let's go down."

As the jet descended rapidly to the ground, Shirone also followed suit, breaking the light wing.

The sound of burning lava made me deaf, and at the end of my field of vision, the inhabitants of the other world formed a circle.

Minerva didn't care and pointed at the lava.

"how? Can you destroy it?"

The river of hell fire that I came down and looked at was so huge that I couldn't tell it from the sea.

"I can't promise. Hellfire is much more persistent than demons. I had a hard time even getting rid of one stream."

Minerva nodded.

"Because it is the essence of demons. At this scale, it should be considered that the emotions of about 500 million people in the real world are flowing. The problem is that as long as the hellfire flows, the demons also stand up to Yahweh's light."

This was the reason why the corps commander's realm was much more difficult to seal than the psychic realm of other altars.

"There is only one way."

Minerva pointed to Maradouk's castle.

"There is a 'bulpan' in the corps commander's castle. Adjust the concentration of hellfire to create powerful demons. We take control of the device that controls the flow of hellfire."

When the conclusion was reached, the action was quick, and the two immediately flew to Maradouk's castle.

The villagers who lost their corps commander couldn't approach Shirone, but the hell's troops stationed in the castle burned with fighting spirit.

"Yahweh! It must be stopped!"

It was none other than those who came to cut their lifelines.

Numerous troops, including the division commander, gathered at the entrance.

"open it."

Yahweh's light would not be a cure for the strongest demons, but Shirone took the lead.

'Angel's Punishment.'

The incarnation of the light angel rose in a huge way and looked down at the ground while holding onto the spear of light.

"This is my whole."

Only ..

As quantum information was integrated into one through resonance, 100,000 Shirones were not needed.

"Repent."

And finally, the moment when the spear of light stretched out in a flash and plunged into the ground.

"... ... !"

Light burst first, followed by a shock wave that reduced the hellish army to ashes.

"Uh uh uh?"

The demons who were watching from afar were stunned by the huge cloud of dust pushed in by the wind.

"Kuaaaaa!"

As the roar overtook the wind and shook the heavens and earth, all the frightened demons turned around.

"Eh, run away!"

Just when they thought they would never be able to set foot here again, a cloud of dust hit them.

Covering her face with her hands, Minerva frowned as the wind pierced her flesh.

"Puuuuuuu!"

After a while, the wind direction reversed.

The place where the shock wave exploded turned into a vacuum, drawing in the surrounding atmosphere.

"Let's see... ... ."

What was reflected in Minerva's eyes as she checked the front was a crater that would only appear when a meteorite collided with it.

"The area of ??undoubted apostasy."

In the human body, it eventually reached.

'What will happen now.'

Aside from the shivering joy, Minerva's face showed serious emotion.



* * *



"Huh uh uh uh!"

Acet Mayray, a person who corresponds to the hearing of the Great Purifier, flipped his eyes in the separate room of the Tormia Magic Association.

"what's going on?"

Under Rufist's instructions, the wizard who guarded her room like a cage opened the door roughly and came in.

"Yes?"

Mayray blinked and turned around.

"No, what did you just say... ... ."

"Sound? Did anything happen?"

The wizard looked around the room, and it was definitely a tidy scene, far from the hustle and bustle.

'Is it a physiological phenomenon?'

If you're a woman, you might be ashamed.

"All right. Call me if you need anything."

"Yes. Thank you for caring me."

The wizard couldn't figure out that human emotions were missing from Maylei's calm gaze.

"then... ... ."

When the door closed, the face that had at least some humanity turned into that of a perfect doll.

"Chief Justice."

When Mayray replied with one ear covered, the Supreme Court of Terraforce delivered a revelation.

-A little while ago, a power that transcended the living world was sensed.

"okay. Who is it?"

- Representative of humanity, Hexa.

"... ... ."

I realized why the Supreme Court was worried.

"What about the congressional ruling?"

The reason Terraforce is called an evil god in the human scriptures is because they actually destroyed countless civilizations.

But they are not invaders.

Rather, he was a guardian of the order of the universe, and that is why Taeseong once made this hypothesis.

user protection system.

This can also be inferred through the 3 absolute principles recorded in the Great Law of the Terraforce race.



One, we promote the development of mankind and, if necessary, directly intervene in human history.

One, in the confrontation between good and evil, when evil completely wins, we destroy that civilization.

One, we actively block certain creatures with will when they invade the upper system.



The reason for Terra Force's existence is to maintain the balance of the universe, not as a species.

In addition, the standard of balance was focused on existence itself beyond human happiness and unhappiness.

'Lest the balance be disturbed by any single variable, and no foul play be committed in the lives of fierce creatures.'

judge of the law.

Mayray, who came to understand Terraforce through numerous oracles, calmly waited for the next words.

-The breaking of Hexa violates the last question of the 3 absolute principles, but there are judges who focus on the second question.

There is no priority in the absolute triad, so the terms are not numbered and all have position 1.

-In the end, if evil wins, we abolish it. It is an interpretation that, now that the confrontation between good and evil has reached its final stage, there is room for a reprieve if it is Hexa, the representative of mankind.

"That makes sense. If evil wins, everything will end, but Hexa's apostasy is only about actively blocking it."

-You are better than the Congress.

Of course, it was a joke, and I could guess the opinion of the Supreme Court of Terraforce through his words.

'But that's not to say that the backlash is formidable.'

Terraforce can collect all sounds in the universe, and Mayray's mind was no exception.

-yes. Judgment Day may come sooner. Of course, the final decision is mine.

"What am I going to do?"

-Go to Zion. You will need your ears to face the opposition of evil. If there's any room for the line to reverse, the council might have a different opinion.

"All right."

Realizing that the communication hasn't been cut off yet, Maylei hurriedly asked.

"I have a question. If Terra Force guided mankind, then who created the 3 absolute principles that guide Terra Force?"

Natural curiosity that comes from being human.

- As you guessed.

Communication was lost.

"Ankera... ... ."

And now it was me.

Mayray, who was staring fiercely forward, jumped up from her seat and opened the door.

"Please let me meet the president of the association!"



* * *



Shirone and Minerva, who occupied Maraduk's castle, found a 'fire plate' on the 8th basement level.

Inside the blast furnace, hundreds of meters in diameter, lava was burning and the dead were struggling.

"It is terrible."

If Yahweh's light had not blocked the heat, the body would have burned while standing.

"A demon that is as strong as it is terrifying will be born. They probably draw hellfire from there."

Lava flowed endlessly from dozens of drains installed on the walls.

"If you block the stream of fire from upstream, the demons in Maraduk's territory won't be able to use their strength. It will probably be organized into the domain of another corps commander."

"What if I come back and open the furnace?"

"You shouldn't be able to do that. North Eymond is already in anarchy, so let's give instructions to the South Eymond's governor. You can send a separate garrison from the temple."

"Nothing is easy."

"It is all about living. Do you know why the stars are busy? No matter how many times you circle the planet, there is no end."

Shirone approached the control device of the 'fire plate'.

"It's very old-fashioned."

"You know what? Demons live by recycling things that humans have discarded."

"... ... ."

As I was about to pull the switch that was engaged with hundreds of gears, I heard a sound from the fire.

"Sah, live... ... ."

One demon climbed to the floor while breaking through the flames of the furnace.

"Please save me. It is too painful."

While the terrifying demon crawled across the floor, Shirone did not let go of the switch.

"Ah, Yahweh... ... ."

The demon suddenly surged up, revealing its teeth.

"What are you so good at!"

The Demons hit by the Photon Cannon flew in a straight line and fell into the middle of the furnace.

"Don't pretend to be clean! You are just like us! hate! Arrogant Yahweh... ... !"

The demons melted into raw material.

"... ... ."

While watching the scene with sad eyes, Shirone's hand slowly turned the switch.

Kurung. Kurung. Kurung.

The sound of the gearwheel turning was deafening.

=======================================
[767] Apostasy (2)





* * *



Southern Eymond Republic.

Almaretta's expression at the cabinet meeting was surprisingly reminded.

'Is unification finally coming?'

According to the spy's information, Igor was already dead and the capital city of Pacia was liberated a few hours ago.

'How did that happen... ... ?'

It was a situation where there was no choice but to question, but the cool-headedness disappeared in the face of hope that the long war could be ended.

Ministers waiting for the presidency also heard the news of liberation through their own channels, but few knew the exact issue.

"Is this really reliable information? There are many strange corners. There will be no harm on our side."

The country that avoided the invasion of the demons was one of the few countries in the world, but the war was also booming for the ministers.

'Because I make a lot of money.'

The people who were close to death saw no reason to oppose Congress's tax increase.

"Out of 400 North Korean spies, only one sent the news of liberation. Aren't you too excited?"

The fact that only Jacey survived means that no one could escape the demons' surveillance.

"He is a trustworthy person. He is talented and has a deep sense of patriotism. It is true that Igor is dead."

The Home Secretary asked, turning to the Defense Minister.

"What happened?"

Just in time, Almaretta came in.

"I will explain."

As the ministers rose, she motioned for her to sit down and went up the honor guard.

"It is true that North Eymond has been liberated."

"Do you have any grounds to conclude?"

"Because Igor died a long time ago."

The conference room was buzzing.

"To begin with, the core force that led this incident is neither the resistance nor the anarchists, but the Ivory Tower."

A sigh escaped the ministers.

"I will brief you."

As the defense minister got up and walked to the honor guard, Almaretta stepped aside.

A 30-minute briefing followed.

"... ... It is estimated that the number of demons currently residing in the capital is less than 10 units, and the two stars seem to have left to seal the altar."

A shadow fell over the faces of the ministers.

"In just one day... ... You said you liberated Pasia alone?"

"Monstrous bastards."

What kind of people are the stars of the ivory tower?

"Thank you for the briefing."

As the Minister of Defense returned to his seat, President Almaretta touched the podium with his hand and said.

"As you may have guessed, we are at the most important crossroads since the division. North Korea is currently in a state of anarchy. It's a point where every minute and every second is a waste."

said the Home Secretary.

"We should immediately send troops to occupy the North. It has been our land since the beginning. We cannot hand it over to another country."

Almaretta nodded.

"I agree. However, if we act assertively, we will emerge from the ivory tower. We have to go through a mutual agreement."

Although they used the expression mutual agreement in good words, the ministers who had experience dealing with the stars grunted.

'I'll have to pray for my hands to become feet.'

said the foreign minister.

"Leave it to me. Even if it is given, I am confident that the right to interfere with the North will come."

The word "dealing with the stars" is absurd, but the foreign minister once struck a dramatic deal against the ivory tower.

"Nope. This time, I will negotiate myself."

"Are you the Commander?"

The stars couldn't help it if they wanted to, but usually the head of a country did not dare to be humiliated.

"What kind of stars are these? Do we even know each other?"

"that's... ... It is a special secret."

Even if you are a star in the ivory tower, you are a citizen and a magician who once belonged to a certain country.

In any case, it was not good for the country to reveal their identities in advance at a ministerial-level gathering.

The foreign minister spoke like an experienced person.

"However, we need to know how much, so we can prepare to welcome guests, right? How many stars do you have?"

According to his theory, the stars of the ivory tower had slightly different tendencies according to the number of stars.

"The number of stars is 10."

"Ten... ... ."

The Foreign Minister, who had been rolling his eyes while searching for memories, frowned and tilted his head.

"Wait. It's two people, but how can 10 stars... ... ."

The foreign minister's face hardened as if it had been stuffed.

"10 things?"

The basic arithmetic of 5 plus 5 equals 10 passed through their heads, and all the ministers gulped their saliva.

"Now you know roughly, right?"

As the ministers slowly turned their heads, Almaretta gave a chin gesture to the door.

"What are you doing, aren't you moving fast?"



Shirone and Minerva boarded the jet and quickly crossed the airspace over South Eymond.

"That's Gardan, the capital."

It was a huge city built in the middle of a meadow.

"It is bigger than Basuka."

"Because it is a republic. Even with the social costs, the development speed is much faster than that of the kingdom. The national defense is extremely high."

Tormia is also a powerful country, but it is said that South Eamond's defense power is comparable to that of the Seven Kingdoms.

"Still, I like Tormia better."

"Whoops, who said what?"

The state has no meaning to the star of the ivory tower, but Shirone, who has regained her humanity, is not bad.

"Let's get off in front of the castle gate."

"It's fine. The star of the ivory tower is also a free pass to the airspace. And you think you already know everything?"

A procession of troops continued up to the government building.

"Is this your first time meeting the chief? Maybe the soldiers are out of their minds right now. I'll peck you like crazy from the top."

"Do I really need to be so welcoming?"

"No. I'm doing that because I have something to tear off. Don't be swayed, just do what I tell you to do."

When we reached the government building over the city wall faster than the sound, the officer shouted in a engrossed posture.

"Embrace extreme poverty!"

Citizens who had been airlifted in advance sprinkled pollen to match the performance of the military band, and a grand welcome ceremony was held.

"Never mind. Just look ahead and walk."

Shirone, who knew that it was not just a favor, moved on with a cautious expression.

Ministers, vice ministers, experts and heads of departments, and commanders wearing the rank of general.

'That person... ... .'

Almaretta, the president of South Eymond, who was standing against the background of the government building, approached with a humble smile.

"Come, come, poor man. Thank you for visiting South Eymond Republic."

Even as the people watched, she bowed her head twice to Shirone and Minerva.

'I risked life and death.'

While Minerva gave a meaningful smile, Shirone didn't know how to respond.

"Uh, I belong to the Ivory Tower... ... ."

Ignoring the president, Minerva turned to a man in his early 50s standing to her side and said,

"Long time no see, kid?"

Nam Eymond Magic Association president, Luda Garcia, replied with a slight nod.

"long time no see."

A certified first-class wizard who has honed fire magic to the limit, his fireball is said to burn down a village.

"again."

Minerva bent her index finger down as if lowering her head further.

"... ... ."

Garcia was motionless.

"again."

"This is a welcome ceremony prepared with the utmost effort. Let's not do anything that lowers the dignity of each other."

Shirone felt it from the first time he saw Garcia.

'Strong, this person.'

It was a prayer that did not fall in the slightest compared to Lufist, the head of Tormia's Magic Association.

"again. This is your last chance."

Almaretta, completely forgotten about being ignored, winked with a puzzled expression.

'I just do it. You know this human nature.'

Garcia bowed at a 90 degree angle.

"It's been a while, Star of the Ivory Tower."

Minerva, who was looking down at him with cold eyes, pointed at Shirone with her chin.

"There is one more."

Garcia showed no emotion.

"Nice to meet you. This is Garcia, the head of the Magic Association."

"Yes. This is Ariane Shirone."

Long words would only hurt his feelings.

"Hey, are you the president of the association? it's grown a lot It seems like yesterday that you were trembling in front of me."

Minerva's age was felt again.

"I wasn't trembling."

"Shirone, remember this guy's name. Because it's the best in the world in terms of fire."

The fact that Minerva, who did not pay attention to the president, introduced herself, was credible.

Almaretta's face turned cold as if it were a lie after leading the two into the conference room.

"Can I be direct?"

"What's the point of asking someone else? do it anyway I've seen enough of the president's sincerity."

It was the head bowed to have this right to speak.

"Give me the right to rule the North. I will not take care of the altar, nor will I do anything that will be criticized by other countries."

All the republic wants is money.

"What do you want to do, Shirone?"

It's easier to leave it to Nam Eymond, but I thought it would be better for the temple to manage the altar.

"It is not completely sealed. Are you sure you will never break through?"

"The president never uses the word absolute. However, I am proud of Nam Eymond's national defense."

Almaretta took a quick glance and pulled out a box from under the table and held it out.

"And this one is weak."

Shirone's impression was crumpled at once.

"In this way... ... ."

But before he could say anything, Minerva took the box and opened it.

Contrary to what was expected to be gold and silver treasures, it was a bond, and the amount was written where the state seal was stamped.

"You know I'm not kidding."

"It's 10% of South Eymond's national budget. Please leave it to me. I am confident to satisfy the ivory tower."

Shirone's eyes widened.

'Giving 10% of the national budget? It's not at the lobby level. You should never accept this.'

Minerva, who was rubbing the bond, threw it with a flick.

"It's troublesome if it's like this."

'Also. Minerva is also a star in the ivory tower.'

Just when I felt ashamed of doubting her for a moment, I heard shocking words.

"Half of the national budget. No less."

At first, I doubted my ears.

The amount of 10% they suggested was the same, but one human being didn't need that much money to live his whole life.

'... ... I see.'

Almaretta looked at Shirone with tears in her eyes.

"That is too much to ask for. How will you run state affairs if half of the budget is taken away?"

"What do you think?"

Shirone nodded and said.

"If it's half the time, I'll allow it too."

"... ... ."

Again, like a lie, the emotion was quickly erased from Almaretta's earnest eyes.

"Twenty-five. I cannot yield more than that."

"We said 50%."

"Thirty percent. Anything more than that, and they would rather give up their sovereignty over North Eymond."

"40%. Let's finish with this. I don't offer two methods. Either pay 10% annually over four years, or hand over the government bonds now."

"... ... I will give it to you now."

Minerva shrugged and laughed.

"You're a pretty good president, you."

It was expected that other countries would pay more than that during the four years of paying 10% each.

However, if I end the contract now, there will be no future interference in the ivory tower forever.

'In other words... ... .'

It means that even if you give 40% of the annual budget, having the governance of North Eymond is a business with much more money.

'Still, this won't cause Nam Eymond to run wild. It would be better to end it at this level.'

What was surprising was that Shirone realized his intentions at a fairly early point in time.

'I thought he was smart, but surprisingly he's a solid guy.'

If it was 40% of a country's budget, it would be an amount that Minerva could not exhaust even if she spent her whole life.

Shirone realized that it was not a matter of money, but that Eymond Nam needed to cut the budget.

'It's already a military force comparable to the Seven Kingdoms. If North Eymond is absorbed, it will become another seed of trouble.'

Almaretta held out its newly drawn up bond.

"Both of you are in the best position in the ivory tower, so I believe there will be no back and forth with this."

The amount amounting to 40% of the national budget was written.

=======================================
[768] Apostasy (3)





* * *



"This neatly solved the problem!"

As Minerva tried to put the bond in her bosom, Shirone quickly grabbed her wrist.

"Wait a minute."

"okay okay. I was going to split it in half anyway."

"Why do you need all this money?"

It was an amount that transcended the limits of luxury that an individual could afford.

"I don't know since you've just taken over the department, but do you know how much money is broken running the ivory tower? With the income of the Kingdom of Corona, there is no way."

"So you openly ask for money?"

"Isn't that what we asked for? it's a fair deal Besides, Nam Eymond never lost money."

Cutting 40% of the budget is fatal to the country's operation, but from a long-term perspective, it was like eating the country for nothing.

"You were the one who liberated North Eymond. Calculating the consequences of your actions is also the task of the stars."

If North Eymond was handed over without any checks, the balance between the countries would collapse.

'Even if I entrust it to the temple, there is no difference.'

After shaking off Shirone's wrist, she took out the bond again and shook it in front of her eyes.

"If I'm not going to have it, will I eat it all?"

"follow your heart."

From the standpoint of the Unified Space Management Department, it was only hoped that it would be used well for the safety of mankind.

"Let's go back. I have to report it to Taeseong."

As I was walking towards the exit of the government building, someone blocked my way.

"what?"

He was a ferocious young man with the left side of his head shaved like a chestnut and scratches on his temple.

The hair on the other side was twisted down in dozens of strands, and at the ends were accessories that looked like beast teeth.

'It's a wizard.'

I felt the spirit zone of an outright aggressive type that doesn't think about the feelings of the opponent at all.

"hello. My name is Sky Hugo, the authorized wizard of Nam Eymond."

Minerva immediately responded.

"do not know. What are you saying?"

Hugo's face was burning because he was a magician everyone knew in South Eymond.

'Sheesh, you really don't know?'

Just in case, I looked back at Shirone, but I only blinked with an innocent expression.

"It's disappointing. Minerva is a senior, so even so, Shirone, I thought you were a little different."

Minerva made an absurd expression.

"Miss Minerva? you?"

Even Garcia, the head of the South Eymond Magic Association, could not call themselves this way.

As if Yuugo knew that he had crossed the line, he immediately lowered his head and introduced himself.

"I'm sorry if I felt rude. Because they are not like others to me."

"Why are we not like others?"

"Yeah... ... I was also an ivory tower candidate."

Shirone raised her eyebrows.

"You said you were a candidate?"

Starting with La Enemy, the candidates Arte introduced earlier were all Nane, Jin Seong-eum, and Shirone.

"The number of candidates selected by the Ivory Tower this time is 10 in total. And I was ninth in the rankings."

If true, the unpleasantness was understandable.

"Oh, sorry. As for the candidates... ... ."

Minerva interrupted Shirone.

"Sky Hugo, number 9 in rank. Like you, I'm an Unlocker who opened Immortal Functions, and I'm a Scale Wizard."

Whenever he pretended not to know, when the information came out, Hugo's lips went up.

"It is an honor to remember you."

Shirone was also surprised.

"Did you know?"

"Nothing... ... . If it's the Sky family, it's more eye-catching than other candidates. It's because they're the world's best seeker family, comparable to the Maze's Adrias family."

When I heard the name Miro, I got a sense of how much it was.

"Until the labyrinth appeared, it was so tight that it was impossible to compare superiority and inferiority. If Adrias is defensive, Sky is aggressive. It can be seen as the difference between convergence and divergence."

Yoga of the Ardino family branched off from Adrias also boasted the world's best defense.

"Since the seeker family has been studying the logic of the world since birth, the probability of entering the Immortal Function is quite high. Maybe Sky is pushing it at the national level."

"Hmm."

While Shirone was lost in thought, Minerva asked again.

"But why us?"

The reason Miro is great is because he was uniquely great even in the great Adrias family.

There was no reason for Daesung Oh to change his attitude just because he put up the nameplate of the Sky family.

Hugo's face was slightly distorted, but it turned into a wide smile like a reaction.

"haha! Yes. Well, I'm just a wizard who didn't get into the ivory tower. But you know what? That we never had a chance to be tested."

Hugo pointed at Shirone.

"I heard that Mr. Shirone was no different from me, right? Unless there was an absolute candidate called La Enemy."

At that time, Shirone's candidate rank was 4th.

Although they were tied to a group similar to Nane and Seong-eum's Kar-Suchi, it was undeniable that they were lucky.

'I can see why you're angry.'

Shirone, who rose to the top of the Five Stars, was proving that Karschi was not absolute.

'Beyond Nane and Seong-eum and became a star.'

It is said that it is now the state of Yahweh, but even at the time of the test, Shirone's skills were far from what they are now.

'If only I had been given a chance... ... .'

Hugo thought that if 10 candidates had been tested equally, the current results would not have come out.

"Aha, okay."

There was mischief in Minerva's eyes.

"In some cases, opportunity is everything. So what are you going to do? Death fight? Whoever wins becomes Oh Dae-seong?"

Cruelly stepping on sprouts that grow without knowing how high they are is her favorite hobby.

"It's not that stupid. I don't have any regrets about being in the position of Odaeseong."

Hugo was displeased with Minerva, who was treated like a child.

'The gap has already widened.'

He was the one who missed the biggest opportunity for growth because he couldn't overtake five more of the best students in the world.

'father.'

When Shirone reached the realm of Yahweh, Hugo's father, Cassia, who now joined the Zion Project, said:



-Assume there is no Shirone.



The moment you think there is, all the wizards in this world will lose their aspirations for the best.

'Are you going to be pushed back again?'

Just as the labyrinth frustrated all wizards a generation ago.

"I have no intention of being stubborn. Mr. Shirone's skills were proven just by being one of the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower."

Minerva was disappointed.

"Then what are you going to do?"

"How about something like this? It is to compete with incarnation, not magic."

depth of the realm.

"Hoo? Really, is that interesting?"

When Hugo came out unexpectedly hard, the light of hope shone in Minerva's eyes again.

'It's quite belligerent. It's also Sky.'

Like a beast waiting for its leash to be undone, it was clear that he was anxiously waiting for Shirone to allow it.

"Shirone, let's do it. Isn't it impersonal to pretend to be ignorant when you're polite like that?"

do it, do it

Hugo also added his words to Minerva's support, who was eager to have a good look.

"Let me be clear, this is not a challenge. However, if Mr. Shirone's vessel is large, she might be able to understand the stubbornness created by my narrow vessel."

In the end, it meant that I couldn't admit it.

'At least not far behind in the depth of the realm. Because I am the strongest swordsman weapon produced by my family.'

Of course, that's not what Cassia taught.

However, the 3rd generation Hugo sensitively felt the atmosphere of the family that had to stay in the shadow of the maze for decades.

"I understand how you feel, but... ... ."

After thinking, Shirone said.

"sorry. I don't want to fight you."

Minerva was more disappointed.

"Why why? Don't you think about how unfair Yuugo must be? It's not like you can see the stars often, so you just have to do it."

Minerva's inner thoughts were clearly visible.

"Don't interrupt and be quiet. Since when did you care so much about other people's affairs?"

Hugo tightened his eyes and spat out.

"... ... Can I think of it as running away?"

"Yes, that is an accurate expression. I don't want to win, and I don't care if I lose to you."

Hugo's teeth were grinding.

"Of course you would."

Since I had already thoroughly enjoyed the view from the highest point, it was enough to give it to someone else and come down.

'That is unacceptable.'

The best position is that you cannot be satisfied unless you pull it out.

There was no substitute for concessions.

"I would also like to ask."

When Shirone turned around, Garcia lowered her head, which was so immobile.

"sorry. I don't think there is any need for anyone to feel defeated here."

Garcia has arrived.

"Hugo is a global talent. Although he did not become a star, the Republic takes great pride in him."

"The president of the association."

It was the words of a senior who was far from the official rank, so this time, Wigo also relaxed his expression.

"The enemy we must fight now is not us, but the demons in our hearts. I fully understand the deep meaning of the five stars."

Garcia looked back at Hugo.

"Wugo is no different from worrying about the world. It's just that we're human, so we're just blocked by a wall we haven't been able to fight against. I think that helping Oh Dae-seong overcome that wall is the way for him to become the core force of mankind."

Minerva closed her eyes and nodded.

"That's a good point. Something like Yugo, no, Yugo would be enough in the future... ... ."

Shirone stopped talking.

"I can't guarantee that it will help."

"It will help."

Whether he knew the subject by losing to Shirone or perhaps he really beat Shirone, at least the lump would disappear.

'If it's a confrontation of incarnation, the latter possibility... ... .'

Garcia knew better than anyone what kind of temperament the incarnation of Hugo had.

"like."

As soon as the word of consent came out, the eyes of the three people who were focused on Shirone shone intensely.

"but... ... ."

From now on, Shirone was also sincere.

"If you're going to have a confrontation for that reason, I won't moderate it."

"This is what Hugo and I hoped for."

Minerva said to herself.

'Of course me too.'

As if hearing the sound of her heart, Shirone sighed and moved on.

"Where can I do it?"

"There are a lot of eyes in the government office. It would be a secret enough if it was Sky's parent house."

I said this because I thought of Oh Dae-sung's body, but on the other hand, it was like having a confrontation in the enemy camp.

Shirone didn't care.

"like. Then let's go there. I'm running out of time, so I'd better start right away."

When Shirone left the government building first, Hugo met Garcia's eyes and clenched his fists.

'done!'

The ivory tower where the world's best wizards gather, and among them, Odaeseong, which stands at the top... ... .

'The chance to win is here!'

Minerva tapped Garcia's butt as he left the government building following Hugo.

"Good job, very good job. What are you doing? I do things that help my life."

Garcia didn't answer.

"Shall we bet? Grant the wish of the winner. Let's buy something on the way. You have to watch this while eating."

'I really hate this girl... ... .'

Garcia didn't answer.

=======================================
[769] Apostasy (4)





* * *



Hugo's home was a huge temple built on a meadow 14 kilometers from the capital, Gardan.

It was the place where the largest number of ascetics in the world stayed, except for Dongbang Jungcheon-dong, which is a sacred place for monks.

However, since most of them are currently participating in the Shion Project, the temple was empty when Shirone arrived.

"Wugo?"

Hugo's cousins, who received the news that the head of the Magic Association had arrived, rushed in.

"What's going on at the main house? And who are these people?"

When Justice Terraforce judged the entire human race, the number of good was less than 1% of the total population.

Their failure to enter Zion was proof that their discipline had not yet reached its peak.

Hugo introduced it himself.

"You are the stars of the ivory tower. This is St. Arian Syrone, and this is St. Mirac Minerva."

"Arian Shirone?"

For the relatives of the Sky family who supported Hugo, Shirone was a very painful name.

"A very great person has arrived. Oh Dae-seong, who is at the top of the world, is in such a shabby place... ... ."

Garcia explained before the atmosphere heated up.

"Hugo asked for instruction. Could you lend me a place to perform the incarnation?"

The faces of my cousins ??came to mind.

'You finally got your chance. Good job, Hugo.'

Miro does not consider Shirone to be a disciple, but it is an undeniable fact that he once studied with her.

If he defeated Shirone with the incarnation technique here, he would be able to regain the title of the world's greatest Kudo family.

'It's not only Hugo's fault.'

After reading the hostility in her cousins' eyes, Shirone realized where Hugo's twisted core began.

'There is no teacher here.'

There was no way Cassia, the head of the household, would not know what her son was thinking, but he left for Zion with everyone.

To protect mankind from demons.

'thank you.'

Shirone's eyes changed.

'I will correct Hugo.'

The cousins ??withdrew pale faces.

"Ugh! what, what?"

Even if her discipline was shallow, there was no way she wouldn't feel the chill that froze the Sky family and even her heart.

Shirone, who had lost Yahweh's warmth, was a perfect wizard in the eyes of Garcia, a certified first-class wizard.

'Is this really a wizard of terms and conditions?'

Like absolute zero, a spirit without the slightest movement was extreme cold.

"Huh, how are you? Will it be awesome?"

Minerva stood next to Garcia.

"A terribly pure, terribly cold spirit zone. Isn't that the state of mind that every wizard dreams of?"

"... ... I can understand Yuugo's heart."

I wanted to feel it just once.

"To be able to not be shaken by all stimuli... ... How would you feel?"

"It's easy to give up. Also, the wizard should be like that. Aren't you much more handsome than when you were Yahweh?"

Garcia shuts her mouth at the nonsensical sound.

"let's go. I want to finish quickly."

As Shirone's voice made the Spirit Zone vibrate, Hugo's heart felt clear and frozen.

'Sheesh, what is it? Or suppress the steamer.'

An infinite wizard who has mastered all magic in the world.

If you collide with pure spirit, you will not be an opponent.

"I'll say it again, it's a showdown of incarnation. The use of magic is against each other... ... ."

"Know. Guide me to the place where we will fight."

Hugo turned to the training ground.

"Follow me."

After casting the fly magic, Shirone, Minerva, Garcia and her cousins ??followed.

'huh! It's all about pretending to be proud!'

The place where Hugo arrived was a vast vacant lot where it was easy to focus on the art of incarnation.

There was no wall visible all the way to the horizon, and this was also a place specially supported by South Eymond.

"now! Since we're here, let's start quickly!"

Minerva, who cheered up with a round of applause, turned to Garcia and asked.

"Bet, are you really not going to? Isn't it because you can't bet on a promising player from your country?"

"I don't gamble on the suffering of others."

Garcia said firmly.

"But if you're simply asking for an opinion, I'd like to raise Hugo's hand."

"Ho-ho-ho! The pride lives on."

"... ... Will it be so?"

I don't mean to disparage Oh Dae-seong's skills, but Hugo has spent his entire life fighting virtual mazes.

'The incarnation created in that way.'

The reason there are no permanent winners is that latecomers can analyze and absorb the best.

Today was the day when Hugo's efforts bore fruit.

"Direct attacks on the flesh are prohibited. Only battles between incarnations determine the outcome."

There was nothing to worry about at the level of the two of them, but the impact on their minds would have been considerable.

"okay."

As Shirone unfolded the sequence ceremony, the incarnation of the light angel rose hugely as if piercing the sky.

Hugo's cousins ??widened their eyes.

"Wow."

As the scenery shook grotesquely under the influence of the time period, I was on the verge of getting motion sickness.

"Nice."

Hugo, now showing his teeth, performed incarnation with a blatant sneer.

"Then let me show you my weapon."

As the sequence unfolded, smoke as thick as white paint rose up on Hugo's shoulders.

"Heavenly Knight."

The smoke rising to the height of the light angel turned into a knight covered in white armor.

It was a sleek shape that seemed to focus on mobility, and the surface of the armor was smooth as if it had been coated.

She was slender enough to be considered a woman, and she was holding a 9-meter long sword in both hands.

'The size is big, but it's clear. It will take a lot of power to break that thing.'

For the Sky family, who has been studying the state since birth, the sequence ceremony was the field they were most confident in.

"How is it? It is the incarnation of a celestial knight. I don't think I will be ashamed to face Oh Dae-seong."

To facilitate the incarnation's confrontation, Shirone moved more than 300 meters away from Hugo.

"... ... Let's do it."

At the attitude of ignoring it until the end, Hugo wrinkled his nose and developed the art of incarnation.

"You won't even be able to follow it with your eyes!"

It was dizzy just to see the 20-meter-tall incarnation approaching in an instant.

'finished!'

The moment the Celestial Knight crosses his swords with an X and cuts the light angel's head, you exhale deeply.

"Pooh!"

1 second to here.

The surroundings of the light angel rapidly distorted, and suddenly it floated higher than the celestial knight.

'Angel's Punishment!'

Just as a single flash of light rushed toward the broad back of the celestial knight, Yuugo widened his eyes.

'I already know!'

As the front and back sides of the incarnation wearing white armor were reversed, it flew straight toward the light angel.

'Dump!'

The celestial knight's side bent in an impossible trajectory, avoiding the angel's punishment.

While the powerful impact swept the ground, the two swords stretched beyond count and stabbed the light angel.

"Keugh!"

Shirone's brow narrowed.

"This is not the end!"

The white armor that made up the celestial knight churned like liquid and charged in every pose imaginable.

'This... ... !,

Shirone finally realized.

"Can I avoid my dump?"

Three swords flew in from all angles and stabbed the incarnation of the light angel.

Each one was a one-hit kill, and a huge shock was sent to Shirone's mind, who was using incarnation art.

"Whoa!"

Shirone's eyes were still clear.

'You're holding on like this? Well, you won't break.'

The corner of Yuugo's mouth lengthened.

"Suffer forever."

The heavenly knight completely disintegrated the body and attacked the light angel in an unimaginable form.

"... ... It's quite an incarnation."

Minerva, who had been watching with a cold expression like a snake, let out a long puff of cigarette smoke.

"The collapse of form is the collapse of logic. In other words, you can print the thought itself?"

"It is the law called dump."

Garcia said.

"Hugo can print anything he thinks through the Celestial Knight."

is such a law.

"Even if the sense of suddenness expands the present, the reaction itself is nothing more than a result after the cause. But dump... ... ."

"Cause and effect are output simultaneously."

"That's it."

It was possible if it was spirit, not physics, and incarnation was the expression of its unique personality.

"To jump through the maze?"

Hugo's psychology is Minerva, but it was the first fact that came to mind when he saw the heavenly knight.

'The position of contemplation that accepts and understands all angles of the world, that is Miro's Thousand Arms Guanyin.'

On the other hand, the heavenly knight was the position of divergence expressed by Hugo to the world.

"He is an incarnation of the Sky family's temperament. In terms of the depth of realization, I think it is second to none."

"huh."

Minerva snorted, but that was the only response she could respond to Garcia's words.

'Win! I win!'

The Celestial Knight was clearly showing the collapse of logic and the form of the whole idea being output.

never been beautiful

However, it was the most functional form in the universe because it was completely alien to human aesthetic sense.

'Shall I tell you what is really scary?'

If it's just a dump, it might be funny depending on the level.

"Sky's reasoning fills the sky."

The heavenly knight struck the light angel in a way that blocked all trajectories, even the variables of time.

Numerous sharp swords were embedded in the light angel's body to the extent that there was no place to stab them anymore.

"Big uh... ... !"

A moan escaped from Shirone's mouth, and cold sweat formed on his forehead.

"Is the reason you hold on is your pride?"

The Celestial Knight pulled out his three swords and retreated.

"It's disappointing. If you knew you couldn't win, it would be a beautiful sight to just admit it."

"yes. Really strong."

Shirone slowly looked up.

"If I admit defeat here, are you satisfied now?"

"Don't talk nonsense."

The celestial knight unleashed Yuugo's wrath and stretched out numerous thorns.

"How dare you invent an excuse to escape?"

Shirone gritted her teeth as she watched the shape of the Unlocker's thoughts pouring in.

'It's much more twisted than I thought.'

I didn't intend to do it moderately from the beginning.

I'm sorry, Mr. Cassia... ... .'

From now on, even the confrontation between incarnations was an area where Hugo's life could not be guaranteed.

'I guess this is the only way.'

When I first realized this, I thought it would be of no use except for me.

'Angel's Punishment!'

The light angel lowered the spear.

"Because it's useless!"

As Yugo's thoughts were printed, the heavenly knight evaded the light spear in an extraordinary form.

'This is 1 second.'

The light angels made up of time period rapidly changed their shape as they went through the stages of thinning, granularity, and resonance.

'And this timeline... ... .'

Shirone gritted his teeth and invoked incarnation.

'It bounces!'



Light Angel's Incarnation Technique - Time Vibration.



"what... ... !"

Even in a fleeting moment enough to be called the smallest unit of time, Hugo's thoughts were formed by squeezing through the gaps.

'Why are you coming again?'

What made it all the more incomprehensible was that in this short moment, the punishment of the angels was flying again.

'Dump... ... !'

Hugo realized what this was when he dodged the 3,000th spear with all his might.

'The same time is vibrating.'

The time that has still passed is the beginning of an instant.

'How long... ... .'

At the point where Article 1 is repeated for the 6,281st time, Yugo's reasoning finally reached its limit.

'Now I don't know.'

The moment I let go of the string of cognition that was pulling me tight, time passed by the standard of my five senses.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

The mind seems to be destroyed.

In such a distant consciousness, the last reason Hugo realized was the infinite repetition of a specific second.

It was a shock that the time of each different event vibrates 100,000 times per second.

=======================================

[770] Apostasy (5)





As the spear of light penetrated the heavenly knight, the ground swayed like a wave.

Because the mass was adjusted, the power of the wave was not exerted, but the speed was much faster.

"Aaaaaaa... ... ."

The moment when Hugo was about to fall to the ground with both knees slashed simultaneously by the powerful shock.

"Huh!"

He raised his elbow to prevent his face from being slammed.

'I... ... .'

The spasm of the brain was transmitted through the nerves, and it was only after a long time that what had happened was analyzed.

'How long have you been locked up?'

only 1 second.

But in Hugo's head, the memory of repeating one second 100,000 times was intact.

Hugo's cousins ??murmured.

"What happened?"

Angel's Punishment is a world-famous incarnation technique, but the situation in which Yuugo fell in one blow was unconvincing.

So was Garcia.

'I don't know. What the hell happened?'

Hugo was also one of the best players in the world as well as Nam Eymond.

Moreover, if it was a showdown of incarnation rather than attacking the main body, it would be hard to get such a shock no matter what he did.

"Can you guess?"

The fact that Garcia had spoken to them first gave an idea of ??the absurd atmosphere of the place.

said Minerva.

"vibration."

Across the river, the disrespectful face disappeared and before she knew it, she had the cold eyes of a witch.

"... ... ."

Garcia savored her words.

Even though he only uttered one word, the head of the Magic Association reached a conclusion after going through countless possibilities.

"A second, is it vibrating?"

"yes. Bounce the timeline. The line goes back and forth from A to B countless times, but in the end, the width of the vibration is 1 second. However, in that 1-second vibration, countless 1-seconds are distributed with probability."

Garcia was just listening.

"Then the question is, how did Hugo, the person in charge, accept this vibration?"

Cousins ??took note.

"The bottom line is cognitive dissonance. It is highly likely that he felt both an instant and an eternity at the same time."

Even just listening to the explanation seemed to create cognitive dissonance.

one of the cousins ??asked.

"How is that possible?"

Minerva waved her index finger up and down.

"These are the vibrations of the timeline. Even if you try to feel a second at a specific point between these vibrations... ... ."

The fingers kept moving.

"There is not a second there. The fingers have already passed and only the probabilities remain."

That's why it's a moment.

"Conversely, if you feel one second at a specific point."

The finger stopped.

"It is no longer a oscillation because the probability collapses."

Garcia said.

"100 percent chance. It really becomes one second."

so forever

"The result depends on the intention of the observer. However, Hugo vibrated with Shirone's one second. In other words, resonance."

Minerva folded her thumb and forefinger in turn.

"Thus, Hugo had two experiences at the same time. One is the experience of 100,000 seconds rushing into one second. And another... ... ."

Now Garcia understood.

"An experience of 100,000 seconds where one second repeats itself. This is why it feels momentary and eternity at the same time."

Minerva lowered her hand.

"Strictly speaking, it is neither a moment nor a vibration. Because there is currently no name for the time Hugo felt."

Shirone called it Time Vibration.

"But looking at Hugo's expression, I can fully imagine what that experience was like."

Hugo, who still had a bewildered face, was terrified at his own speechless appearance.

'Am I going to be stupid?'

Replaying a deadly battle, especially the fiercest moment 100,000 times, was a memory I never wanted to experience again.

"It's fine?"

Hearing Shirone's voice, Hugo slowly raised his gaze and looked up at Shirone.

"... ... ."

Horrible memories rushed through the vibrations, his eyes quivering with fear, and he fell back.

"Huh... ... ."

Shirone looked at Hugo with a pitiful expression.

'This is why I didn't want to write it to anyone else.'

It was a means to counter Nane's emptiness.

'Unification of Shipok and Bakji.'

Shirone's metacognition can sense ideas and handle all information in the world in an integrated manner.

'That's the mouth.'

And now it has reached the stage of shaking the world by vibrating the entire information through resonance.

"If I could shake the world."

If the timeline of the world we live in goes back and forth endlessly between points A and B.

"The past and future overlap."

As the present disappears, this world is released into a world of probability without any fixed values.

"Therefore, there is neither a future that always comes, nor a past that can never be returned."

A kind of time slip.

"To create the phenomenon of reversing time."

Hugo slowly raised his head and saw Shirone with a sad expression in his eyes.

"This is what I do against my balls... ... ."

although it is still insufficient.

"It was the only way to save the whole thing."

Hugo's face turned into a tear-stain, and clear tears flowed down his cheeks.

'What have I done?'

Yahweh of philanthropy.

He was a man with a burden that could not tolerate even a single misfortune in the world.

'father.'

The depth of the realm is not everything.

'I was foolish.'

When he realized how wide Shirone's heart was, he began to feel ashamed of his narrowed heart.

"Go to Zion."

Shirone held out his hand.

"It was a great incarnation. let's fight together The world needs people like you."

"ah... ... ."

I was finally speechless.

"thank you."

Seeing Hugo shed tears, the cousins ??also shut up to see if there was anything they realized.

said Minerva.

"You think it's only one second?"

Garcia didn't think so, but after hearing what he said, he didn't even feel like denying it.

"You cannot save the whole by repeating the moment. However, not all demons can be eliminated. but... ... ."

Minerva remembered Veron.

"A man threw a hwadu into this world and left. Can a human being change his future with his own will?"

"It's a Veron problem. If the outcome has already been determined by the law, Nane's credit must also be right."

"That's why it's not just one second."

Shirone's answer to Veron's question was 'yes'.

"It destroyed the predetermined future. It was a direct challenge to my enlightenment."

If the future is of a destructible nature.

"We have entered a stage where we cannot know whether the world is really suffering unless we go to the end."

Shirone came closer, supporting Hugo.

"Just relax and you'll be fine."

As the cousins ??took Hugo away, Shirone turned to Minerva and said,

"Let's go. I was too late."

Garcia has arrived.

"Thank you on behalf of Hugo. If you need help in the future, please come back anytime."

Minerva raised her ax eye.

"Hey! You never said anything like that to me? Dare to cover the five great castles for the sake of a mere head of the Magic Association?"

'They should be treated like people.'

Seeing Shirone made him hate Minerva even more.

"I'm glad that Hugo is safe. It would be great if even one more person could help Zion."

Garcia spoke for the first time.

"Yes. Currently, Gustaf's movements are unusual, and the temple is also recruiting talent from all over the world. I plan to apply for Valkyrie soon."

"Yes? Are you the president of the association?"

"It has not been finalized yet, but I intend to test it. It's time to join forces. Of course, it's not that I didn't think about my personal career or the honor of the kingdom."

"Ah, of course it is."

Not everyone had to be Yahweh.

'If you're the world's best fire mage, you'll easily pass the test. No, maybe it's a free pass.'

Shirone did not express himself.

"I hope for good results. I look forward to seeing you again someday."

That's what Garcia wanted to say.

"I wish you luck."

The jet carrying Shirone spewed fire terrifyingly and flew across the sky at Mach speed.

Watching the temple quickly move away, Shirone turned to Minerva.

"Are you going to the ivory tower?"

"It should be. Time vibration itself is a fallacy. maybe something will come out Then, I think it will be in a few days before we leave for Kasan?"

"What is taking so long to come out?"

"If you listen, you will know."

I didn't want to get involved with Terraforce.

"Instead, I'll take care of trivial matters. There is also Nam Eymond's case, and the registration of <Slaughter>."

"Are you going to register <Slaughter>?"

Oh Dae-sung, whose satellites are impossible to find, can register one more thing besides himself in the Ivory Tower.

"Even if it is meant to punish the atrocities, it is a super-special murder weapon. You have to be listed in the ivory tower to be able to use it freely. Otherwise, there will be a huge backlash worldwide."

"Aha."

"I'll entrust you with Slaughter the Law'. Maybe I've finally found the right owner... ... ."

It was an inappropriately sentimental statement.

'Well, to Minerva-san, 'Slaughter' is... ... .'

It was not easy to give someone an object that contained all the terrible pain and ugly past.

"By the way, what is your wish?"

"yes?"

"You lost the bet. What is your wish?"

Minerva grinned.

"Are you looking forward to it?"

Shirone firmly shook her hand.

"You're welcome. It is better to sell quickly. I don't think it's a normal wish."

Do you have any wishes for Oh Dae-seong?

"Hmm, good."

Minerva turned away from the jet and looked at Shirone's lips with honey dripping eyes.

"What do you do with this?"

Just as Shirone shuddered, Minerva spread two fingers.

"I will give you a choice. What you can do here and what you can do later. Take your pick."

'What can I do here now?'

Shirone, who was writing down the list in her head, swallowed and said.

"It has to be done later. So, you can do it now, but that doesn't include putting it off until later?"

"To be wicked. Of course, most of the things I like can be done here. But what if it's like a wedding? Can't you do that here?"

"... ... Are you sane?"

Minerva smiled coolly.

"It's a joke. good anyway A successful bid with something that can only be done later! Did you promise me?"

"I need to know what it is."

As the jet pierced the clouds, Minerva pondered with a dim gaze.

"Time Vibration"

"Yes?"'

"Maybe later... ... If you really get a chance to save everyone... ... ."

Shirone listened intently to the unprecedentedly serious voice, but she hurriedly shook her head.

"I'd also like to save it. Wouldn't that make it more difficult? I will tell you when the time is right."

"Where is that? What is it?"

The reason Minerva kept silent was not for her sake, but for Shirone's sake.

'Because you won't accept it.'

life pain.

She is traveling along with Shirone, but in fact, her essence was close to Nane's philosophy.

'Don't save me, Shirone.'

That's what I really wanted to ask for.

"Oh, really! If you keep doing this, I'll make it a wish and something that didn't exist! It's not like you're drugging people."

She smiled spontaneously at Shirone's voice, but there were water droplets in her eyes.

'I have to wipe it.'

A witch's heart that can never be cleansed.

'I have to wipe it with moonlight.'

The Akkadian Desert of the northern continent was approaching in their sight as they passed the Mediterranean Sea.

=======================================
[771] The question of the ball (1)





Arrived at Corona Kingdom.

'This is how it feels.'

Maybe it was because he had returned from his mission, and even the cold scenery, which was still unfamiliar to him, felt comfortable as if he had come back to his hometown.

"Let's go eat something. What do you do when you become a star? I'm so busy I don't even have time to eat."

I entered the White Inn where Shirone was staying.

"welcome. oh?"

A middle-aged woman's eyes lit up at the sight of Shirone and Minerva entering side by side.

"You have become very friendly. Perhaps... ... ?"

"It's business. He's also a bigot."

"Hmm, is that so?"

The middle-aged woman looked disappointed.

"Something that can be easily eaten."

As Minerva showed signs of being busy, the middle-aged woman entered the restaurant without a word.

Shirone sat down and looked at the table in the corner.

"... ... ."

The four players who were playing the card game at the time were still dealing the same arrangement.

'Couldn't it be?'

Perhaps they had gone home and coincidentally all four of them were wearing the same clothes as they did back then.

After checking Shirone's expression, Minerva turned her head to the four of them and asked.

"Who is winning?"

The bald old man replied.

"Everyone is losing. When the game is over, there is no winner or loser. Winning is just a game."

Shirone listened to the old man's words.

'Winning is a game.'

It seemed to represent the current situation of the world where Yahweh and Buddha are in confrontation.

"How long are you going to do it?"

"... ... Until the game is over."

Minerva, rummaging in her bosom, took out the bond she had received from South Eymond and shook it.

"Can I have a bite too?"

All four of them stopped their hands at the same time.

"What are you doing?"

Shirone tried to stop him from gambling, but Minerva was already moving with her chair.

"I will formally introduce myself. These are 'card game people'. It is the specialty of the ivory tower. It is also a famous place for tourists to take photos."

The owner shouted from the kitchen.

"It's a specialty of the White Inn!"

Minerva checked the tide of the card game.

"Fourteen years ago, gambling madmen, four of the best gamblers in the world, entered the ivory tower. And I made a bet. Who will win the game?"

"Which game is it?"

"Exams, life, whatever. However, the preferences of the participants are different. Those who must take and those who must give, those who want to end the game and those who want to keep the game."

Shirone took another look at the 'card players'.

"Who do you think will win?"

"Of course, the one who wants to steal it... ... ."

Shirone shook her head.

"No one wins."

"Isn't it ironic? But this is life. For the game to end, one side must be out of balance."

said Minerva, placing the bonds on the table.

"I will guess the winner of this round. If you lose, you can keep all this money."

the bald old man asked.

"... ... What if you win?"

"Then stop playing. There are no more 'card players' in this world."

The man with the red beard who was sitting across from me said.

"great. Who will win this round?"

"Hmm, let's see... ... ."

Watching Minerva carefully examining her hand, Shirone swallowed too.

'It breaks the balance.'

If someone intervenes and causes a rift in a game that is perfectly meshed with good and evil and good and evil.

'Who will be the winner?'

Minerva, who had been examining the cards the four people were holding for a long time, scratched her head.

"I have no idea. I'm not good at gambling. Feeling is the best at times like this. Who wants to keep the game?"

Fraternity, or Shirone.

"grow."

said the man, skinny as a skeleton.

"great. I will bet on which side you win."

'People who play card games' are the best Servants in the world, and they are the ones who win at any game.

Chess, where thinking is everything, card games of probability, and even winning and losing sports games where emotions work.

Minerva entered a new variable into the simulation run by those four people for 14 years.

'How will things change now?'

A huge bet is made on whoever wants to keep the game, and if Minerva wins, the game is destroyed.

'It's definitely complicated.'

Whoever wants to end the game will take the lead with Minerva winning.

'That's how a chain reaction happens. Everyone's thinking will change.'

"Let's start."

Starting with the words of the man whose eyes were dark like ink, the four hands moved busily.

Each person draws a card, puts it down, and takes a card from their hand on the floor.

'What rules are so complicated?'

The speed was so fast that I didn't even know how the game was going, but it took more than 3 minutes.

"The results came out."

Minerva looked at the table with interest, and Shirone rose from her seat as well.

"The winner of this round is... ... ."

The bald old man turned his gaze to the red-bearded man.

"It's you, Gudio."

The one who would definitely steal it, the atrocious.

"... ... ."

It was just a game, but the people who developed the game were people who had reached the pinnacle of action and reaction.

"Ha, it's too bad. I could have won."

When Minerva clicked her tongue and returned to her seat, Shirone looked at her with an absurd expression.

"Are you saying that now? What about that money?"

"It can't be helped. That's what gambling is. If you win, you eat it all, and if you lose, you give it all."

"No, if it's going to be like this, from the beginning... ... ."

"let's go. I have work to do in Taesan, so what are you doing after eating?"

As Minerva took the jet and left, Shirone turned to the 'card players'.

All four of them were reviewing this edition with their heads down, not even paying attention to bonds.

Shirone shook his head.

"I really don't understand."

As Shirone followed Minerva outside, the owner belatedly brought food.

"Oh, are you gone already?"



The bald old man raised his gaze and asked.

"Do you agree?"

All agreed.

"It is very subtle. I didn't think it would affect it, but this will make a slight difference?"

Gudio said.

"If we continue like this, the game is over."

That meant that someone's stake ran out right before they could be revived.

"Who is the final winner?"

Since you are not playing the role of 4 people by yourself, you have to actually turn the board to see the results.

"Let's do it."

The bonds fell to the floor as the cards shuttled as the four hands crossed at breakneck speed.

The owner, who watched the scene for a while, muttered as he dipped his finger into the soup and tasted it.

"It's a pity, so what? I can't throw it away."



* * *



After saying goodbye to Minerva in the Ivory Tower, Shirone arrived at the Temple of Earth, where Taeseong resides.

"Whoops, you look tired."

Taesung welcomed him with a smile as if he knew well.

"You are such a difficult person, Miss Minerva."

"I heard about it. Still, I'm asking because I need to confirm myself, but are you really going to list <Slaughter>?"

"Yes. I want to use some."

If Shirone was the master, Taeseong could not win.

"I know. And... ... ."

her voice grew cold

"I have something to say about the rule of apostasy."

Thinking that what was to come had come, Shirone silently waited for the words to follow.

"As you may have already heard, apostasy is dangerous."

"Is it because it invades the upper system?"

Taeseong put on a sad expression.

"I don't want to hear Shirone say that. As I said before, nothing is set. All the lives of the stars are just living according to their will."

"Then what is the problem?"

"It's not because we are in a particular system, it's because we create the system."

Taeseong pointed to the ground.

"Human beings live according to their own will, but when that will is gathered, a certain pattern will arise. It's a system, and it allows us to imagine that maybe we're part of a program. But strictly speaking, it is an imagination in which cause and effect are reversed."

Of course, that imagination may be correct.

"The reason why apostasy is not tolerated is not that someone has decided not to do it. Because that itself threatens the system we created."

When Taeseong spread his arms, countless stars were born in the shape of a fan.

"The natural world exists in the background of the universe, and the living world was born from that natural world. Humans are at some point in the biosphere."

A star exploded, leaving a hole in the universe.

"The most powerful force in the natural world pierces a hole in the upper system, the universe. This is called apostasy."

"Then, by human standards... ... ."

"Yes. It must be powerful enough to destroy the natural world at the location of the biological world. The most powerful magic you could use before reaching the realm of Yahweh was God's Punishment. But even that never reaches the apostasy."

The star where Shirone lives rises as an illusion, flickering small lights like fireflies.

"Any magic is the same. Typhoons, volcanic eruptions? It is a star that is not affected by any natural disaster. It's not even destroyed by the slightest asteroid impact. Even if your god's punishment fell 10,000 feet, it would scar the surface of the planet. As a human being, it's just about tearing your skin."

It is their civilization, not the stars, that will be destroyed even if all the resources of mankind around the world are mobilized.

"It wasn't something that someone decided that way, but it became a system because it was born that way. But you broke that rule."

Shirone can destroy stars.

"That is the fallacy."

"Of course I can withstand your power, but Terraforce is different. Unlike the natural world, it is the mind that governs the living world. If you decide to do that, you see the possibility that the star could be destroyed."

"Are you Ymir?"

Taeseong nodded.

"Even Ankera does not tolerate apostasy. That's a violation of the game, so to speak. Just think, if any willed being could destroy a star... ... ."

If you break the upper system at will.

"Who would want to live here?"

The value, reason, and purpose of existence lose their meaning in front of those who have the power to break the precepts.

"There is controversy."

Taeseong returned.

"Terraforce is a being that far transcends the human mind. They think there should be no foul play in this fight. Because if it's not a fair match, it's meaningless to divide winners and losers."

Taeseong raised his index finger.

"That's why it's ten thousand. limits of the biological system. Shirone is beyond that. In terms of the cosmic caste system, you are not a creature. It is a kind of nature."

Anyone who knew what Shirone could do had no choice but to nod.

"Then what should I do now?"

"nothing. You have transcended the bay by your will. However, what I want to say is that there are also those who regard it as foul play."

"Terraforce."

"Yes. Their council will judge. Terraforce's Supreme Court seems to be using power, but it doesn't seem easy. Stay in the ivory tower for a while and watch the progress."

"What if it gets rejected?"

Taeseong looked back at Shirone.

"Nothing will change. But if you disobey the verdict to the end... ... ."

Her eyes were as cold as ever.

"Terraforce will cut you out of the system to protect the users of this planet."

=======================================
[772] The question of the ball (2)





* * *



While Shirone was having a conversation with Taeseong, Minerva listed Slaughter on the Ivory Tower.

Araka of the Ministry of Internal Affairs handed over the documents.

"Whatever the consequences of Slaughter' in the future, the Ivory Tower will accept it as right.'"

"Good work."

"I just hope that it will be put to good use. Well, if it's Saint Shirone, you don't have to worry."

"Aha, is this different from me?"

Araka responded with a smile.

"You have brightened up a lot."

Even before Shirone came, Minerva's face after returning from her mission was colder than the countless corpses she had spawned.

"is it?"

<Defense> is indestructible.

Of course, it does not have the durability of an absolute concept like Lian's weapon <Idea>.

'A dagger that anyone can break with just a hammer.'

However, in the end <Slaughter> is reborn according to the laws of this world and ends up in someone's hands.

'Crystal of intent to kill.'

It was a chain reaction of endless deaths.

"Since it's Shirone, it's multiple types, right?"

As if reading his thoughts, Minerva turned and shook the file.

"thanks. I'll pay you back later."

Araka looked at her as she walked away.

'Yes, the world will never forgive you.'

Because she is a great witch at the peak of evil.

'So at least forgive yourself, even you. Wouldn't that be enough to survive?'

There is no one who wishes her happiness, who drove mankind to the brink of destruction.

I hope it doesn't hurt too much.

Araka thought.



"We've taken care of <Slaughter>, and it will take some time before Terraforce's verdict comes out... ... ."

As Minerva walked away, organizing her thoughts, a gray matter brain came swimming through the air.

"Brain, are you still in the ivory tower?"

The brain of an unknown person.

Even Minerva, the leader of the Human Security Enforcement Department, could not tell who the brain belonged to.

I'm just guessing with a few assumptions.

"what's the matter? It looks like you've been waiting for me."

"... ... ."

Sensing that she was looking for a quiet place, Minerva took the brain and went into her room.

When the brain flew into the chair and cast an illusion spell, a handsome man sat cross-legged before he knew it.

"what? What service is this?"

"Don't you like it?"

It was a sweet voice that melted women's hearts, but Minerva's eyes were narrower than before.

'First assumption here.'

Even if you can use magic, your brain is just your brain.

'Can't hear, can't see.'

Why can a brain without sensory organs respond accurately to surrounding stimuli?

'There is only one possibility.'

It meant that the senses of the brain were using the 10th level, the infinite, and if so, it was possible to deduce what the brain contained.

'The Akashic Records.'

In Minerva's opinion, there are two ways to withstand the reset triggered by statelessness.

'One is hexa.'

A new signal from outside the system.

'And another... ... .'

Copying the Akashic Records and backing them up to a new storage institution.

'It's not Ankera.'

The Akashic Record of the brain is different from the current Akashic Record, and may be early information.

'Now it's time for a major purification.'

As three resets were performed, much information was erased and no one can remember it.

However, someone felt the need to preserve the original information to resist the reset.

'What did you want to leave behind?'

Conversely, what event lost the most information through the three resets?

'History of Heaven.'

Gaia, the first human who fought against Anchera.

'Therefore, there is a very high probability that the owner of this brain... ... .'

You will become a Gaian.

Although Gaia no longer exists in the universe as the guffin leaves the photon system for the last time.

'The history of fighting against the whole is left behind.'

through the mindless brain.

"Nothing... ... ."

Minerva laughed nonchalantly.

"Isn't that my style? You don't seem to know women very well."

"is that so?"

As the brain developed the illusion magic at high speed, countless characters, regardless of gender or age, ran like a roulette wheel.

The last one to stop was Shirone.

"Has the prank increased?"

The reason Brain entered Minerva's department was to enforce human safety.

"I know you decided to erase me, right?"

"Whoa, you seem quite hateful? No, what you really hate is the anke line that I have for you?"

The brain did not go over to the judo newspaper.

"You don't have to entrust everything to Hexa."

Perhaps it was the only words of the brain that had Guffin's information backed up, so I couldn't pass it up.

"I know. Does something like you exist in my head? It's not that easy."

"I heard you met people playing card games."

"I saw the potential to finish the game. But betting on gambling is different from reality. Good and evil, you have to give a huge shock to either side to break the balance."

"So, help Ae to defeat evil?"

"Then, shall we help Gong Gong and strike a line? It is the most rational of the number of possible choices available to mankind."

"Do you think it will be possible with <Slaughter>?"

Minerva shut her mouth.

"Evil is not something that can be overcome with rational judgment. Even if we change the law... ... ."

"I know. I mean you're looking for a way First of all, we have to wait and see what kind of judgment will be received on Shirone's apostasy."

Minerva muttered, resting her chin on her chin and thinking.

"It would be nice if something happened."



* * *



East Jungcheon-dong.

It was incorporated into the Jincheon Empire, but it was a legal holy place that even the empire could not touch.

The tens of thousands of peaks that rose through the clouds were once a place for those who became members of the family of the law to cultivate their hearts.

Monk's mountain range by name.

However, now that the monks of Jungcheon-dong have left for Zion, what remains are the petit bourgeois who make a living in the fields... ... .

"Hahaha! human! human!"

It was the demons who slaughtered them.

"Evacuate the civilians!"

The army of the Jincheon Empire responded quickly, but the number of demons who occupied Jungcheon-dong reached 400,000.

'Jingle jingle guys.'

Although Jincheon competes for the first and second place in the world in terms of population, the limit of troops defending Jungcheon-dong is only 20,000.

"Stop! Fight for your life!"

The monk left, but if the Holy Land of the Law was captured by the demons, the morale of mankind would drop sharply.

"Kuaaaaa!"

The imperial army could not even take advantage of the defensive advantage in the offensive of the demons pushing in like a river.

Gartas, commander of the 7th division of the 4th Corps of the Army of Hell, was a monster with sharp needles piercing his skin.

"you idiot! That's the only thing that bothers me!"

The hungry ghost who was cutting human limbs shuddered at Gartas's words.

"I'm sorry!"

When he tried to strike the dead body again, Gartas pierced the body with his spiked feet and threw it away.

"Aaaaaaa!"

"No imagination! at least... ... !"

Grabbing the soldier's head and pressing it to the ground, he rubbed it at a tremendous speed as if sharpening an eraser.

"This is what I mean!"

The eyes of Park Ki, the commander of the Imperial Army, who had been watching the gruesome scene from afar, returned.

"You bastard! What do you think of humans!"

Gartas' eyes shone terrifyingly at the sight of Bakgi riding down the hill on horseback.

"It's a nice toy."

"Even if I die, I will take your neck!"

Bak-ki's skill, which had mastered physical art up to 4 stars, was amazing, and dozens of matches were made in an instant.

"It's over!"

His spear pierced his neck.

"Hey, how are you feeling?"

Gartas walked forward and embraced the horse and hit at the same time with his huge body.

Kihee Ain!

At the same time as Turejil, the horse died instantly from the shock, and numerous thorns pierced through the armor.

"Keugh!"

"how? Doesn't it feel great?"

Piercing the body with thorns so thin that one could not die was a typical form of torture regardless of country.

"like this. like this. like this."

The pain intensified every time he moved his body, and in the end he had no choice but to scream, giving up on the beat.

"Are you happy?"

I turned my head in the direction of the voice and saw a man with a tattoo on his face standing there with a sad expression on his face.

"Cheak!"

Gartas, who had pulled out and dropped the sword, distorted his arrogance and turned his whole body upside down.

"Buddha... ... ."

If Yahweh is an object of hatred, Buddha is an object of fear.

"What makes you so happy?"

Behind Nane, Shura was slaughtering countless demons with the power of Gestalt.

"Why are you here? Wasn't it the altar you liberated? To awaken fear in humans."

Nane came here looking for the Guffin's door.

"So we have a reason to fight... ... ."

"Sermon. pain."

At the same time as the words fell, a purple sword protruded and pierced Gartas' stomach.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Gartas, who opened his eyes wide enough to let his eyeballs come out, knelt down holding onto his stomach.

"it hurts! It hurts!"

"yes. That is the pain."

Even in his distant consciousness, Park Ki couldn't believe the situation in which Nane had subdued the division commander with a single blow.

'Is this Buddha... ... .'

As Nane moved, Gartas was startled.

"Why are you doing this to me? You did what you wanted! No, you did!"

"what I want?"

"Kuaaaaa!"

As the sword stuck in the pit of the stomach vibrated, pain filled his entire body to the point of dispersing demons.

"stop! Please stop... ... !"

"Listen carefully, henchmen of hell."

When Nane touched the top of Gartas' head with the tips of her five fingers, her head stiffened.

"If you guys didn't exist, no, at least if you guys could do penance... ... ."

Nane's face crumpled with sadness.

"There is no reason for me to close the world."

"no! rather kill me... ... !"

"Destroy."

When the sermon was uttered, Gartas' body exploded into the eternal world of nothingness.

The demons, realizing the appearance of the Buddha, scattered in all directions, and Shura, who had finished the battle, approached.

"I am still breathing."

Parkgi raised his head with difficulty.

"Buddha... ...

I brought my face to you as if you wanted to hear me.

"If I die... ... How are you doing? Is there really nothing after death?"

"It will wake you up."

Nane's hand touched Bakgi's chest.

"It is only a dream. So don't be afraid Once you open your eyes, you will remember this moment and laugh."

"... ... is that so?"

The corner of his mouth, which was trembling with pain, went up.

"I hope you wake up soon."

He closed his eyes with the most comfortable expression in the world, and he probably wouldn't fall into hell.

Nane, who put her palms together and prayed for peace, lifted her eyelids and looked around.

The scenery of phosphates with corpses resembled those seen in hell in the other world.

"There are no more survivors."

Shura thought this would be comforting.

" Is that a good thing?"

But I asked again.

"Uh, of course war is terrible. Because countless lives are suffering and precious people are disappearing."

Nane grabbed my chest.

"ah."

His mouth opened involuntarily, and a scream erupted from the depths of his chest.

"Aaaaa! Aaaaa! Aaaaa!"

Jungcheon-dong was shaken by the vibration of the sermon, and Shura, unable to fathom the meaning, just shook her shoulders.

"My heart hurts."

When I thought of the pain of beings who had fallen into the world of demons, it felt like my heart was torn into a thousand or ten thousand.

"Even though it hurts like this, I... ... ."

Nane looked back at Shura with a sad expression.

"I can't hold back my tears."

The irony of emptiness.

That's how I was wondering.

=======================================
[773] The question of the ball (3)





* * *



Beneath the Kaidra, a mysterious bird that straddles the Pacific Ocean, numerous starlights reflecting the sun overflowed.

Zulu, seated in the cockpit, led the way, with Kangnan and Gaold sitting opposite each other on a hollowed-out spine.

Breaking the long silence, Kang Nan opened his mouth.

"Don't be too disappointed."

Zulu gently turned his head away, but Gaold just closed his eyes and meditated.

Kang Nan, who gave up clumsy consolation, revealed his true heart.

"No, they are monks if they are monks, so does it make sense that they reject us?"

I stopped by Zion, but the answer that came back was inaccessible, and in the end I had no choice but to turn around without even seeing Miro's face.

"If the balance of the law is so, then it is unavoidable."

"Hmm, then what about Armin-san or Kuan-san? Even Zion needs an armed force."

If it was the skills of Gaold and the others, they should have been welcomed in Zion with open arms.

'That's why I don't understand it any more.'

Armin covered it up by saying that Miro was out of town, but in the end it couldn't have happened without her instructions.

"It's not about balance."

When Gaold opened his eyes, Kang Nan asked.

"Then what is it?"

"It's because it's awkward to meet me."

Gangnan's eyes narrowed.

"Are you kidding me? No matter how much he was cut, the former president of the Tormia Magic Association was barred from his doorstep?"

Gaold looked back at the wide sea.

"It's hard to see your face. It was roasted and fried like that in heaven. Besides, I owe you a debt."

"What do you mean?"

Zulu said.

"Miro asked Gauld to sleep."

Gangnan's head turned back as if it would break.

"Yes? When the hell?"

"When you were taken across the drawbridge. The two had a great fight. The labyrinth of the world was also emotional back then."

It was a life saved by Kang Nan.

"That, so... ... ."

"I didn't. Gaold went to rescue you, and Miro said he would sleep when he returned intact. And now... ... ."

Gaold is back.

"Wait a minute, does that make sense? Why would humanity's greatest seeker reject us for just that?"

Zulu shrugged.

"Because it is true that Miro avoids Gaold whether it is coincidence or not. Unless... ... ."

Gangnan looked at Gaold.

'As expected, even now Miro-san... ... .'

Hell or reality, to Gaold, it's just the same world, full of terrible suffering.

Even so, the reason for returning was because Miro lived here.



* * *



Nane and Shura climbed the highest peak of Jungcheon-dong in the east, hidden from view by clouds.

'There... ... .'

There is a guffin's door.

'Raise the army of heaven and end the war.'

Terraforce protects the order of the universe, but it is also part of the system created by Ankera's intention.

If Nane directly leads the angels to attack humanity, even Terraforce has no reason to interfere.

'Ra is everything.'

After Veron's death, the Eternal community has been moving independently, but Heaven's army is still strong.

'Maybe this is the last.'

Feeling the end of the world approaching, Shura recalled Veron's will just before he died.



- Live.



'well. Is there anything eternal in the world?'

Eternity is necessarily unattainable, so it is a realm of faith that is not true.

Shura can't understand faith.

'Anyway, I'll think about it a little more.'

Resentful of Veron who left after giving her difficult homework, she arrived at a shrine with 12 gateways.

At the end of the gateway, I saw a cave with a mysterious energy, and Nane lit a light and went inside.

"Guffin's Gate."

A huge iron ball engraved with henna floated on the ceiling as high as the top of the peak.

"Open, the gates of heaven."

As Nane's sermon was invoked, the iron-colored sword soared vertically and was deeply embedded in the iron ball.

As the iron ball split into fragments, a black sphere was born and absorbed the iron pieces.

"Let's go, to heaven."

The cave shook violently.

"Dangerous!"

Shura warned, but Nane looked up with interest as the dimensional passage was rapidly distorted.

"It's blocked."

"Yes?"

At the same time Shura asked back, the dimensional passage spewed out fragments, which were quickly assembled into the original sphere.

"I block the dimension with the dimension."

Nane asked as she turned toward the exit.

"Is it your skill?"

Shura frowned at the group of people blocking the exit.

"maze."

Miro sat on the back of Arius, who was prostrated like a dog, and Shion's staff, Sein, stood by her.

"How are you here?"

Miro stood up and said.

"What are you asking about? Now that the other side of the world has been opened, the next step must be heaven. But it won't be easy. I did a lot of studying this way."

Just when Shura snorted and was about to reply, Nane stepped forward and asked.

"Seeker, are you against my will?"

Miro savored Nane's first impression.

'This is the current Buddha.'

A person who realized that he was right after going through all the degrees and going through all the apostles who were against it.

'Is that what the eyes that penetrate the universe are like?'

His skinny body, wearing hooded rags, and his face and arms are probably full of tattoos.

'But... ... .'

If you feel that you resemble Shirone, is it strange?

"The word "go against" sounds harsh, right? This fight will not end unless either side gives up."

Nane's eyes were locked in sadness.

"That's why I'm trying to finish it."

"no."

The incarnation of Guanshi Yin with thousands of hands was burning.

"You give up, me."

Just as Mount Tai in the north is the lowest place in the south, the highest place to Miro is the whole without a blind spot.

Arius willingly became a dog and increased his prestige in the realm of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin contemplating all over the world.

"Whoa! Krrrrrr!"

Shura hugged Nane from behind.

"On the subject of an insignificant mortal."

As she revealed her serpentine traits, a long, blood-red tongue protruded and taunted Miro and the others.

"How dare you intimidate Buddha?"

Sein's Iron Wheel quickly returned.

'The god of lies, Shura.'

Even she, who denies the whole world, can't deny Nane's rightness?

'The realm is equivalent to a maze. I have no choice but to leave Nane to Miro and strike a pincer with Arius.'

As if thinking the same thing, Arius stood up.

"Please leave it to me."

Miro couldn't answer.

'It doesn't even scratch with any magic. I wonder if it's the standard to quickly subdue it with powerful axing.'

Even if the Buddha is right, if it is incarnation that twists the law, the teeth will be eaten.

"I have something to tell you two."

As Shura, who fell from Nane's instructions, headed for the exit, Arius and Sein also turned around.

"Miro, be careful."

Even if they don't win, if the maze dies here, the balance of the world will fall sharply.

"I know."

Miro, of course, knew, but it was not an opponent he could kill with his own survival in mind.

'I have no choice but to risk my life.'

When Sein, Arius, and Shura went out of the cave, Nane came a little closer.

"It is indeed a good incarnation."

Thousand-Armed Guanyin may also be an aspect of Buddha.

"But the era of needing you is over, so leave everything to me now and wake up from your dreams."

An explosion erupted outside the cave.

'The other side started.'

At that point, in Miro's head, who had erased all thoughts, the sequence sequence developed at a tremendous speed.

"Buddha, if you are truly merciful... ... ."

The incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshiyin soared to the ceiling of the cave, spreading its thousands of arms like a fan.

"Couldn't you have embraced their dreams as well?"

ball question.

The moment Nane's head tilted to the side, the Thousand Arms Guan Yin's axing was activated.

'I can't cry.'

The Thousand Arms Guanyin's palm flew in from Nane's left and right, drawing a huge trajectory.

'I can't cry over their dreams.'

As time is compressed, the number of afterimages increases.

'Because it's a dream I made.'

Conversely, as the number of afterimages increases, the speed of reaching a single time is faster.

'I have to close it.'

tremendous speed.

In the end, the reason why all the afterimages feel real is that the amount of impact per one time is measured as the sum of the numbers.

'He hit me!'

such axing.

'This is me... ... can't... ... blood... ... .'

In the fragmentation of time, another fragmentation occurred, and Miro's thoughts slowed infinitely.

'sun... ... .'

the universe has stopped

Looking up at the palm of the Heavenly Armed Guanyin, which had no afterimage, Nane thought about the ball.

'Mercy for dreams... ... .'

Deed Deed Deed!

When the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin suddenly vibrated, Nane hurriedly escaped from her thoughts, and strangeness filled her eyes.

'It became faster.'

Whoops!

The ceiling of the cave was blown off by the pressure generated by the clash of the palms.

Miro clicked his tongue in the haze.

'Sheesh! I dodged it!'

Nane, who jumped off by a hair's breadth, flew up from the ceiling of the cave and looked down at the maze.

"Is that the spirit that protected the world?"

Nane's tongue moved.

"Sermon, mind and heart."

Thousands of swords formed a net and covered the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin rising from the cave.

'Is it the incarnation art seal?'

As the law was neutralized and Thousand Arms Guanshiyin struggled, Nane pointed at the maze with her index finger.

"He who has the mind of a Buddha."

The sword that was born at the tip of my finger began to spin round and round.

"I am Buddha."

The sword, which rotates at a speed beyond imagination, crashes into the maze, and a second later, the peak rises like a twist! twisted

Koo Goo Goo Goo!

As the mountain collapsed, the core exploded, revealing a labyrinth among the surging rocks.

"yes! Let's see the end with you and me!"

Nane's eyes sparkled as the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin grew inexorably and tore through the heart net.

"Bannyaparamil."

paradise.

An incarnation larger than the planet has been pressing on Nane, causing afterimages of over 200 million arms.

'Can I avoid this too?'

It would be possible if you run away from the stars, but Nane, who inherited Ankera's system, does not tolerate apostasy.

"Sermon. open."

Two swords were born from the fingertips of Nane, who crossed her arms in an X shape, and rotated one full turn.

The world expanded around that circle, and the pair of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin pressed down on both sides.

"Big!"

The air vibrated and the ground shook as if he was about to burst a huge ball with both hands.

"I will not run away."

Miro was determined to die.

"I fight with my all."

Because she is always the giver, not the one who keeps the game.

"Threesome... ... ."

Gyeong.

Miro's consciousness was sucked in by fear, and the air was compressed as the speed of the Thousand Arms Guanyin soared.

At the sound of the wind crumpling iron, the three men fighting on the opposite peak turned their heads.

'Sammaegyeong? That's stupid.'

In the end, it will only commit.

"no!"

The moment Shura shouted, the thousand-handed Guanyin that covered the sky clashed with her palms.

"... ... !"

My ears couldn't hear it, and my son-in-law turned to darkness as his nerves went numb.

In a state of no sensation, consciousness gradually drifted away.

'damn! Shock!'

Since they are specialized in the mental system, they used their own organs to protect their mentality.

'Miro... ... !'

In a state where it was unclear whether he was standing or lying down, whether his bones were broken or not, Sein prayed.

'Just stay alive.'

The echoes of the roar shook Jungcheon-dong.

=======================================
[774] The question of the ball (4)





"Huh."

how much time has passed

The nerves began to return, starting with Arius' groans as his ears were bleeding.

"Whoa."

My whole body throbbed as if I had been beaten.

'A labyrinth?'

However, there was no time to look at his body, and Sein, who regained his sight, immediately looked at the battlefield.

As if revealing the shape of the impact, dozens of peaks around it were cut into a circle shape.

"Buddha!"

As the inverted cross assembled into spheres was released, Shura spurred out first.

"We are going too."

Arius didn't hear, but realized Sein was leaving and immediately followed.

Shura stopped on a peak 400 meters from the battlefield and checked the ground.

Sein was anxious.

'why?'

When I arrived by Shura's side, my anxiety became reality.

'Hello... ... What is God?'

Nane was standing in front of Miro, who was kneeling in a state of sedation.

"If I hadn't had a long-cherished wish... ... ."

His lips were torn and blood was flowing, but his calm expression showed no shock.

"I would have paid you tribute."

"... ... ."

Miro couldn't hear.

Nane held out her hand as she looked at her with her shoulders drooping and her head bowed.

"Sermon, go."

A blue sword shot out and soared into the sky, becoming a single bolt of lightning and striking the top of the head.

Miro, who had been trembling for a while, slowly opened her eyes.

"Kill him."

It was not a word of resignation, but in fact, he was so exhausted that he couldn't even lift a finger.

"It was a hair difference."

It was the pinnacle of extreme divisive results due to very small causes.

"Perhaps it could have come to fruition."

Miro laughed.

"Are you sympathetic? You are not a god either."

"yes. But I am a little more distant from humans."

It was an inexcusable defeat.

"An impurity smaller than a speck of dust. why didn't you throw it away? What holds you human?"

I wanted to hear

"Kill him."

However, as if Miro had no intention of speaking, he quietly closed his eyes and waited for death.

"... ... Sermon, kill."

Twelve red swords came out from behind Nane and curled like claws toward the maze.

"There will be no pain."

The killing spirit that seemed to pierce Maze's body at any moment was transmitted to Sein from 400 meters away.

"no. Rescue now... ... ."

"It's already too late."

Shura did not laugh in the face of the extinction of the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin.

"The one closest to Buddha knelt down. No one can surpass the Buddha's time."

The moment Sein throws his body away is the moment when Nane's sermon is pierced into Miro's body.

"damn! damn!"

In the end, it was all about delaying Miro's death even a little while not being able to move a single step.

I didn't wait

"It is over."

Twelve swords were fired at Miro.

At that time, Sain and Arius' hearts crouched down, preparing for a powerful beat.

"Posmetry."

A gigantic, brilliantly shining grotesque bird soared into the sky while wrapping around the labyrinth.

As the maze disappeared into another dimension, Nane's sermon could not control the murderous intent and exploded itself.

"Zulu summons?"

Sane, who hurriedly looked around, found a maze that had moved several tens of meters away from Nane.

"finally... ... Did you follow me?"

Zulu and Gangnan were sitting on the Cadra, while Gaold was standing on the ground holding the labyrinth.

"Now!"

When Sain and Arius cast space movement toward Kaidra, Shura clicked his tongue and flew to Nane.



A strange sensation opened Miro's eyes.

'what?'

Information came in at the same time that he was still breathing and that he was being held in someone's arms.

"... ... ."

The moment I checked Gaold's face, my mind went dizzy and curse words came out.

"Damn it."

Gaold laughed bitterly.

"A long time."

That was the end of the reunion greeting, and Gaold turned his head again to face Nane.

"Is that Buddha? I must have had some children."

Miro gritted his teeth.

"Put it down. why did you come here? It has nothing to do with you now."

The exhausted Miro found it difficult to move alone, and Sein came and supported her.

"Gaold, you... ... ."

"Afterwards. Do it later."

In a different atmosphere from before, Sein kept his mouth shut.

'Well, is it normal? After experiencing the terrible hell twice, I came back.'

As Gaold was intent on examining me, Miro looked up at me.

'You've gotten very skinny.'

All of the muscles that had been trained in endless battles would fall out, and only scars would remain.

'It's really the worst reunion.'

I had sworn I wouldn't do it twice, but this time I owed my life to Gaold.

'Miro.'

Rejoicing at the safe return of his master, Arius bowed his head, crouching beside the maze's bridge.

'I can feel my heart beating fast.'

A diver who has infiltrated Maze's mind.

Arius knew the only trauma etched into her near-perfect psyche.

'Mikea Gaold.'

A name that cannot be forgotten.

"Let's go back. First of all, going to heaven is blocked, so future plans in Zion... ... ."

Gaold asked.

"Why does Buddha want to kill Maze?"

Sein wrinkled his brow.

"What do you know? I don't have time to explain every word. Cooperate in safely evacuating the maze."

"it's okay. You can ask them directly."

Gaold walked over to Nane.

"you idiot! Understanding the situation now... ... !"

It was not a situation that could be resolved by being angry, so Se-in swallowed his anger and said to Kang-nan.

"Quickly go and get him. That kid is really dying."

Zulu replied.

"I wouldn't have come this far if I could have stopped it."

"Then you will die."

Zulu looked at Gaold's back as he walked away.

"To Gaold, the reality is terrible pain. But he came back through hell twice."

The atmosphere became somber.

"We do not know what Gaold suffered. That's why I don't even have the right to stop it."

"Buy me some time."

Miro said as he walked away from Sein.

"Wait a little and your mind will recover. I'll take you and run away Until then, protect Gaold."

It was their last resort.

Sein clicked his tongue and turned to Nane.

"Sheesh, it bothers me until the end... ... ."

Nane's eyes lit up as she watched Gaold.

"Shura."

"Yes,

"Go away. as far as possible."

"Yes?"

I asked again, but no answer came back.

"All right."

Even after Shura left, Nane calmly waited for Gaold to come.

'It's like seeing the old me.'

It was Nane who, after experiencing all the pain in the world, became a Buddha by giving up her body in hell.

"Are you an ascetic?"

Gaold didn't think it worth answering.

"Why do you want to kill Maze?"

"To close this world."

"Why is this world? Did I do anything wrong to you?"

"pain."

Nane raised her index finger and pointed at Gaold.

"And you are the one who understands this world. Now, how about breaking the chains of suffering with me?"

"You understand this world?"

Gaold took a step forward, turned around and slapped Nane in the face with a full swing.

"How do I know that, you son of a bitch!"

Sein's eyes widened in bewilderment.

"That madman... ... !"

When Nane turned her head again, Gaold was thumping closer, eyes closed.

"Where did you clean up? A Buddha is a Buddha, what are you talking about knowing about me?"

'It's old!'

Sein looked back at the party as the old temperament was revealed.

"It's a start! All ready!"

Miro shouted.

"Wait for a moment!"

Gaold's air press squashed the air, causing the ground to sway like a rubber sheet.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

Blood dripped from Gaold's eyes as he screamed with his ten fingers bent.

"I-that... ... ."

Gangnan's face turned pale at the sight of Nane, who was unable to move due to the pressure of the atmosphere.

'How painful is it?'

Pain 1 trillion times.

Returning from hell for the second time, Gaold's threshold was much higher than before.

'This kind of pain?'

There was a strangeness in Nane's eyes.

'Then why doesn't he die?'

Zulu said.

"It should have been dead already. But Gaold isn't dead. Once that happens... ... ."

It just happened.

"That's why I can't die now."

Gaold, whose hair had turned white, approached Nane, shedding bloody tears.

"Can you tell me what real pain is?"

I was not insane.

"It's not something I can stand. You just get hurt."

"Sermon, par."

The sword of light that was born above Nane's head vibrated and shook the air that had become hard like a steel bar.

"no! Gaold quickly... ... !"

When Miro shouted.

"It's all about being confined to a narrow body and screaming pathetically. But like you... ... ."

Unable to bear the pain, Gaold let out a scream and stomped on the ground with both legs.

"Tell me the pain!"

Pain 10 trillion times.

"ah! ah! ah! ah! ah! ah! ah! ah!"

Pain 100 trillion times.

"You foolish middle school student!"

Nane raised the power of the sermon to the limit.

"I will erase your pain!"

"Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!"

Consciousness had already flown, and all that remained in my head was the thought of pain.

'Thousand trillion pears of pain! High tide ship! Billion times! damn it!'

Where in the world is there anything like that?

'No matter how much it hurts, no matter how much you scream... ... .'

How would other people feel about it?

The biggest pain in the world is the pain you suffer, and that's why the weight of pain is the same for everyone.

'Still, I live on.'

Even though I know that it will never change, I wonder if tomorrow will be a better day than today.

'Clean your teeth!'

Life is to want to live until the end.

"I've been through a bit of penance... ... ."

Those were the words only Gaold could utter.

"Talk about other people's pain!"

Pain 1 view pear.

First of all, the dozens of high peaks in the vicinity were pressed down to the horizon as if they were pouring down.

'Oh, I see.'

In the moment of the astronomical amount of friction acting, Nane realized.

'That's why I couldn't cry.'

Tears flowed down Nane's cheeks as the high heat that melts any substance expands the atmosphere.

Aaaaaaaaagh!

Jungcheon-dong exploded.



"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Taeseong's scream resounded in the Temple of Earth.

'Another person transcended the bay.'

Even with her eyes wide open in shock, countless thoughts ran through her head.

'What breaks the balance of the world... ... .'

are human after all



The Monk's Shrine has disappeared from the map.

"Oh my gosh... ... ."

Jungcheon-dong, which Shura looked down on, was as if God had scooped up the ground with a spoon, leaving only a pit.

Kang Nan sucked in the heat and coughed.

"Coke! Coke!"

If it hadn't been for Miro pouring all her mental power into flying, it would all have melted away.

"Are you still alive?"

Zulu pointed to the middle of the pit.

"There he is."

The faces of those who looked at the ground turned pale.

"Me, you... ... ."

Gaold was sprawling at his feet looking down, spitting blood in succession.

"You fell down?"

Only Miro faced the truth as he couldn't properly grasp the reality even after seeing it with his own eyes.

'Gaold, you... ... .'

He broke the Buddha.



(end of volume 31)

=======================================