[49] Strange Study Group (1)


Shirone floated in the dark space.

In some places, countless stars were visible, and in some places, only darkness continued for a long time.

In the darkness I felt as though I was still, and the fear that I would never be able to get out came over me.

Stars appeared one by one and began to gather toward a single point. It felt like space was shrinking.

I shuddered at the size of a star that was inconceivable to the human mind. I couldn't picture the scene that would collide at the last point.

But no collision occurred. The stars began to collapse and eventually disintegrated into dust and were sucked in.

Time is running backwards.

When he realized that fact, Shirone's body had also disintegrated and disappeared.

But Shirone did not disappear.

He did not know what this final being of man was, but he entered the beginning of the world still conscious.

I could see strings of light wriggling and vibrating like earthworms. There, light, time, gravity and gravitation were integrated.

When we finally reached the end, or rather returned to the beginning, the whole world was filled with light.

As the sense of presence that made up Shirone began to fade, an extreme sense of unity surged in.

It was an integration like a huge explosion.



"Aaaaaaa!"

Shirone screamed and got up from the bed. His clothes, soaked in cold sweat, were damp as if they had been caught in the rain.

The son-in-law was quiet, and the moonlight stained the windows in a sad color. It smelled like a familiar book. On the desk, books related to photonization theory were spread out in a mess.

"Whoa. Another nightmare... ... ."

I poured water from the kettle and drank it. I opened the window and dried my cold sweat with the cool breeze of an early summer night. After that, I was able to come to my senses and sit in a chair.

'Why are you doing this every night? What happened to me?'

Since experiencing Immortal Function in the speed gun test, I have been having similar dreams every day. It wasn't a nightmare, but the feelings I felt in a dream were nothing compared to a nightmare.

"Ughhh."

Shirone hugged his trembling body and moved his arm. He felt that something made up of him was out of place. The problem was that this phenomenon was felt not only in dreams, but also in reality.

Some senses were highly sensitive. However, I couldn't figure out what kind of information the senses were receiving.

It's not that I can smell better, nor that my tactile sense has become more sensitive. There was no change in sight or hearing.

But, apparently, a new sensory organ was created.

"no way... ... It's not like a ghost, is it?"

I heard the piano sound announcing the morning. After confirming that it was dawn outside the window, Shirone went into the bathroom and washed his body. Since the advanced class practice evaluation was over, normal classes were scheduled to proceed from today. As the warmth reached him, the strange sensation gradually disappeared. If you stay like this all day, you will have a nervous breakdown. On the one hand, feeling fortunate, Shirone packed his bag.



* * *



After the examination period, the school regained its former cheerful atmosphere. The students who competed went back to being friends and chatted happily as if they had never done it before.

The recent topic of conversation was Shirone's speed gun test. Unlike the theory test, the practice test was mixed with sports elements, so it was only natural to be enthusiastic when someone showed off a splendid performance.

Normally, each class has a student who draws attention, but the impact of the speed gun test on the first day was so strong that it was overshadowed by Shirone.

A student with a score of 1200, unprecedented in the history of magic school, appeared. Even two of them.

The score difference between Shirone and Iruki was only 6 points, and it was a reverse electrode that broke common sense. Since such a great match was held on the first day, even if a latecomer showed outstanding skills, the light was bound to fade.

Shirone rose to stardom at once. Although he became famous from the beginning of the school year, he was known as Amy's boyfriend and an up-and-coming actor with a promising future. But now he was a student representing Alfeas Magic School, both in name and reality.

Even on her way to the classroom, Shirone was welcomed by the students. Among them was a class four senior. The reason why the relationship between seniors and juniors is strict in magic schools that adopt an early promotion system is that it is difficult to get true gold, but if it is a Shirone who has achieved a historical record, he can always catch up, so it was ambiguous to treat him as a junior. After all, Amy had excellent foresight in recognizing Shirone as an equal.

Shirone, who arrived at the advanced class building after greeting everyone passing by, was already exhausted.

"uh? It's Shirone-senpai. Hello, senior!"

"Shirone-senpai. I'm a fan of that senior. Can I just follow you from now on?"

The female students of Class Six approached me in a friendly way. Originally, it was the class that valued Shirone's early promotion the most. As they soared from 7 to 5, it was impossible not to be displeased with those who got caught in the middle. However, now that even the seniors of Class 4 are considered rivals of the future class, he had no choice but to forget about the past and change his attitude.

"Seniors. What are you doing after class today? I'm going to hold a magic demonstration with my friends later, but would you like to come too?"

"I decided to go play on a holiday, but my senior is going too. I will be your partner."

"sorry. I'm not feeling well these days."

I had nightmares every day, and even when I was awake, I didn't want to go anywhere because of the sudden creepy sensation. The girls didn't feel sorry for the existence of Amy, an insurmountable mountain, and left with a promise to the next one.

"Shirone, Shirone, Shirone! Shirone, Shirone!"

The moment I opened the door to the classroom, a classmate pulled Shirone. Shirone, who was kidnapped before he could put down his school bag, put on a bewildered expression while receiving the stares of his friends.

"what's the matter? what's the matter?"

"The semester is coming to an end, so come join the study group. Class 5 kids are going to make one. After all, performance evaluation is a free topic. It will save time and be fun. So come in."

"Hmm."

Shirone did not readily answer. She had received many offers so far, but she thought that if she joined the research society, she should join the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society, where Nade and Iruki are.

"Shirone. Don't do that. Consider it. The reason why you don't join the study group is because of your personal study? There are quite a few guys like you here. But you have to do a performance appraisal. So I'm making a temporary one. It's not an item that has a lot of discrimination anyway, so you can end it quickly and disband. Then you can do more personal study."

"Aha. I will."

It was definitely a good strategy. Because the performance evaluation was a free subject, it did not have greater discrimination than the theoretical exam or practice evaluation. That said, joining the existing research society and then leaving after completing the performance evaluation was also an act of modesty. Therefore, it was Jane who decided to solve the performance evaluation by creating a temporary study group among students who did not have a study group.

"Hey! What tricks are you guys doing? No Shirone! Shirone is mine!"

Nade shouted, hiding Shirone behind his back. The students looked at him with bewildered expressions. In particular, a friend who knew Nade's inner circumstances was furious.

"You are laughing. Are you trying to get me to join that strange research society? Shirone, you should never go in there. You don't have to join our study group, so I'd rather go to another study group. When I was in school, I never heard of Nade giving a performance evaluation."

The Paranormal Psychic Research Society boasts a long tradition, but its official activities have been extremely rare. Most of the students didn't even know that Nade had a study group.

"what? Nade, do you have a study group?"

Nade quickly rolled his eyes and escaped the crisis by demonstrating his unique way of dealing with life.

"huh. of course. I wonder if the most popular person in the school won't have a study group? Anyway, Shirone won't work, so I'll take her."

Nade grabbed Shirone's wrist and headed for the door. The student who invited Shirone to the study group shouted loudly.

"Hey, Shirone! You have to think really well! Never go in there! And Nade, don't interfere with Shirone's studies, just let her go where she's comfortable!"

"Ha ha ha ha ha! Even after saying that, I'm already the only one in Shirone's head! We've already crossed the forbidden line!"

Shirone's face turned pale.

"Wait, Nade. what are you talking about now... ... ?"

Nade closed the door without giving him a chance to protest. The students in the classroom stared at it with dazed expressions.

"... ... What is he talking about now?"

The student who shouted at Nade scratched his head.

"It was a big deal. Nade That bastard, I think he's really thinking about attracting Shirone. I shouldn't be swung around."

"No, it looks like you've already been swung? Where the hell did you take me anyway? It's class now."



* * *



As soon as Shirone came out into the hallway, he shook off Ned's hand. I know it's a joke, but the creepy feeling doesn't go away.

"Hey! Why the hell did you say that?"

"ha ha ha! You're not wrong. Because you are the only person who has seen the reality of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society."

"The reality of the research meeting? There was nothing to see."

Nade looked at the people passing by in the hallway, then sat Shirone down.

"Sit down for a moment."

"okay. Don't look at me."

Shirone sat down and leaned her back against the wall. Nade looked left and right again and said, hushing her voice.

"You're the only one who entered the study group directly. So, you must never speak out."

"Even if it's a rumor, no one even asks?"

"anyway! There are already no members, so even the management team is talking about disbanding. I have to stay as quiet as possible, so don't even take out the supernatural glass."

"okay. I had no intention of doing it anyway."

In Shirone's eyes, the supernatural and psychic science research society seemed to be ruined, but the members of the dark side who knew the true value were only looking for opportunities to swallow them. In addition, the teachers were in a state of being impatient to dismantle it somehow.

"By the way, are you really going to join the study group?"

Nade had known for a long time about the strategy of opening a temporary study group at the end of the semester. It's true that it's an efficient method, but he doesn't think it suits Shirone's situation.

"I was worried. why? Is there any reason not to?"

"of course. Although the performance evaluation is indistinguishable, it is still a loss to hold a research meeting with just anyone. Besides, you're aiming for the top of the school. 1 point is important. It's better to do it alone than to make ends meet in a clumsy place, or to join a proper study group."

In Class Four, which aims for the senior year, there are cases where a one-point difference in performance evaluation acts as a large variable because there are students with perfect scores in a specific subject.

'Hmm. But that doesn't mean it takes too long for me to do a performance evaluation by myself.'

Said Shirone, who was rolling his head around.

"Nade. maybe you mean How about I join the Supernatural Psychic Research Society?"

Nade showed off his anger. If Shirone comes in, the study group will also form the Three Musketeers. They hang out whenever they have free time, but since Iruki often skips classes, there were more times when the assortment didn't match.

But Nade couldn't readily agree. It has been 45 years since the establishment of Alpheas Magic School. Most of the students pass the graduation exam and go out into society, but in the shadows they do not know, various people are living their lives doing extraordinary things to the extent that it can be called another society. The Supernatural Psychic Research Society was one of those places.

"Hmm. Are you okay? In fact, our research society is close to the dark side. First of all, supernatural psychic science is a maniac. It would be nice if you came in, but honestly I wouldn't recommend it to a friend."

That there was something secret about Nade's study group could be guessed from the attitude of his classmates in the classroom a moment ago. However, I didn't want to choose the research society for the sake of grades. Paranormal psychic science has been an area of ??interest since childhood.

"Not necessarily for that reason. In fact... ... I'm a bit weird these days. I was going to ask you guys anyway. I was wondering if supernatural psychic science could explain it."

=======================================
[50] Strange Study Group (2)





Nade immediately showed interest. But then the class bell rang and the conversation was cut off.

"Teacher is coming. Let's go in."

Shirone forgot about the study group for a while and focused on class. The day's work is over with the last class at 5:00 PM. Shirone packed his bag with Nade and left the classroom.

"First, let's talk with Iruki."

Nade took Shirone to the study group. Arriving at the magic warehouse Istas, Shirone stared blankly at the building. If the Eastas I saw last time were in the form of a colony, now it was in the form of several towers.

"Every time I see this, it's amazing."

"Since there are only 89 buildings, there is no end to the pattern. I hope Iruki is awake."

The interior of Estas was as different as its exterior. However, Nade made his way to the laboratory through the complicated roads.

"I've been curious about it before, but how do you find your way? If the structure keeps changing, it's useless to mark it, right?"

"Whoops. I don't use such a low-level method. Literally memorize everything. A long time ago, a senior member of the Research Club restored the blueprints for Istas."

Shirone made a surprised expression. It was not simply drawing a blueprint for a single building, but figuring out the mechanism of a complex structure with an enormous pattern.

Nade said, pointing to the ceiling of the aisle.

"Now, if you look over there, there are three dots, right? That means this is Room 3. If you're in room 3, just look at the color of the iron door in the third warehouse. is it blue? Then the name of this place will be the blue color in room 3."

Shirone's gaze followed Nade's fingers.

"If you check that far, count the number of warehouses connected to this place next. There are four forks in the road, so there are four warehouses. It is important from here on. Substitute the room number into X, the color into number into Y, and the warehouse number into Z, and then substitute them into the equation."

"Which equation?"

"It is an equation that the seniors made by analyzing the patterns of Istas. If you substitute a number there, you get a year with two decimal places. You can figure out the direction with that number. Therefore, there is absolutely no way you will get lost in Istas as long as you memorize this equation. In a word, a mathematical master key?"

Shirone wondered if it was necessary to put so much effort into research activities, not just department classes. Estas boasts a tremendous pattern. Even so, the seniors who calculated all the patterns and completed them into a single equation. Finally, I felt that there must be something that others do not know about this study group.

"But wouldn't it take too long to get there if I had to pay for each warehouse change?"

"It's only at first, but if you master it every day, you get used to it. It's called a routine. After about three months, you will feel it sensibly."

Shirone understood and nodded.

"It's really great. The escape blueprint of the maze is an equation."

"I guess among the first members there was a Servant like Iruki. When Iruki first saw the equation, he said it was incredibly beautiful. Anyway, this fact should never be revealed. If the master key is leaked outside, it will be a big deal."

I was grateful to Nade for telling me such an important fact. However, on the other hand, he secretly expressed his desire for her to join the research society.

A place where unproductive and maddening obsession of seniors from the beginning are gathered. That was the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society hiding in the Eastas Labyrinth.

The two walked for about 10 minutes to reach the lab. As before, the sign was slanted at an angle. As soon as I opened the door, a cloud of dust rose. But this time, he was able to avoid the disaster by keeping his mouth shut.

"Iruki, we are here."

As Nade spoke without looking, Iruki, who was writing down formulas on the blackboard, turned around. Then he looked at Shirone and he grinned.

"Hey, Shirone. What's up? You thought you would never come back to such a shady place?"

Nade burst into laughter as he recalled the past.

"haha! Yes it was. But now I want to join."

"Hoo?"

Iruki opened her eyes in surprise. Even in his opinion, it was not a place where his model student, Shirone, could put his body.

"Joining is also a subscription, but I came because I had one concern. I thought I would get some advice from you guys."

"I worry about the genius who beat me. I don't think it would be a huge concern even if you didn't listen."

Now that Shirone knew Iruki's personality, he didn't feel bad about the sarcasm.

"Something seems to have changed since the speed gun test. I have nightmares and when I wake up it's kind of creepy. It's like there's someone next to you. Could this possibly be related to the supernatural or psychic? Aren't you guys going to be knowledgeable about this?"

Nade and Iruki's eyes shone. As an unknown seeker and unknown critic, I was interested in Shirone's words.

"Then you have come to the right place. now. Please sit here for now."

As Nade dusted the sofa, a huge cloud of dust rose. Shirone waved her hand in fright. She finally realized the identity of the abnormally accumulated dust. It was Iruki's chalk powder.

"No, I will just sit down. Please don't do anything in this room. Or clean it up normally."

"now. Don't give in to mere fine dust, you are the first client of the research society. Come on, tell me your business."

Nade and Iruki pulled a chair and sat down. Seeing her waiting with her legs crossed arrogantly like an expert, Shirone was full of spirits, but said with a desperate heart that a thirsty person was digging a well.

"That's it. I've been dreaming these days... ... ."

Shirone explained about the dreams she had every day. And he also spoke of a strange sensation that came over and over again.

"I don't know what the heck is. Didn't something like a ghost enter my body? Have you ever heard of something similar?"

An unexpected silence came.

Shirone swallowed his saliva. He thought he would say something, even as a joke, but their expressions were as serious as ever.

"what? Why are you doing this? Are you guys kidding me again?"

Nade scratched his eyebrows embarrassingly.

"Um, that's over there... ... Hearing it, it's pretty."

"What do you mean? Please explain in detail."

"That feeling you felt. It's creepy, and it feels like you can feel something even though you can't see it. That's what the psychic world calls paranormal."

"A portrait? Psychics?"

When an unfamiliar term came out, Shirone became even more nervous. Nade touched his temple, thoughtful, then gave an example.

"200 years ago, a scholar performed an experiment on a death row inmate. It's called soul electrolysis, and it's a hypothesis that if a person's soul is made of matter, it can be disassembled with electricity. here's how Containing the condemned inmate in a sealed, electrically metal box and passing an electric current through it. However, the experiment was stopped in the middle because it was so inhumane. Thanks to that, the death row inmate was saved, but he was said to have been unconscious for a month. The problem starts now. The death row inmate who finally woke up knew everything about the situation outside while he was unconscious."

"Nonsense. How could that be?"

"So it's amazing. Scholars have hypothesized the ionization of the soul. When the soul was electrolyzed, an electromagnetic force was generated that attracted the information of the world to the death row inmate. Of course, I was treated like a lunatic in academia. Besides, there were rumors that the death row inmate bribed the guards to get information in order to save his life."

"wow. There have been experiments like that."

"Orthodox scholars do not acknowledge it, but it is still a hot topic in the psychic world. Besides, the seance, a formal religious organization, recognizes the trance state, right? Therefore, I think that the ionization of the soul is also not an absurd story. In any case, the sensation that the death row inmate felt is called portraiture in this field."

A chill ran down Shirone's spine. As the word paranormal connects with nightmares, I thought it might be real.

"Now, then, it is my turn to state my conclusions."

Shirone got out of her thoughts and raised her head. I wondered how logical Iruki was accepting it. Come to think of it, it was a pretty cool combination in this field.

"But I have something to ask you first. You said that you developed a sense of paranormal after the speed gun test, right? Surely your photon output was different than usual that day. If it's a secret, you don't have to reveal it, but I think it'll help if you tell it."

Shirone also thought that Iruki was right. To analyze the effect, you need to know the cause. Besides, he wasn't particularly in a hurry at the time, but he didn't really want to keep it a secret from his friends.

Shirone explained in detail the process of reaching the infinite realm. From the realization he found on the journey of Suyeolsik and the pressure of confrontation, to the transcendence of Sue, who had awakened without his knowledge.

Iruki nodded. The concept itself had already been heard from his father. Perhaps Shirone had opened the forbidden door.

"It's an immortal function."

"Immortal Function?"

"I heard it when I was little. An absolute function that can solve all the secrets of the world. But I think that would be very dangerous. Because everything is the same as nothing in the end."

With the story in the same vein as Etella, Shirone realized once again how dangerous the attempt was.

"I was just thinking about it, but I didn't really expect to go that far. I don't want to experience that again."

Iruki waved his fingers as if to say something.

"On the contrary. As I said, immortal function is a spiritual state that is already being studied academically. Mind is different from knowledge. Just because you know it with your head doesn't mean everyone can do it like you. Anyway, hearing the story makes me feel a little better. Well, if it's enough to beat me, Immortal Function should do it. Kick kick kick."

Iruki, who dismissed the immortal function that even Etella was wary of as a talent show, was obviously eccentric. However, it was also true that such an attitude rather reassured Shirone.

"Hmm. Anyway, that was an immortal function. okay. It's a bit tidy now."

"yes? Did you get an answer?"

Instead of answering, Iruki turned his head and looked at the wall. It was as if he was drawing mathematical formulas on a blank sheet of paper.

"I don't know much about portraits because I'm not a major in the psychic field. But that nightmare you have every day. I can guess what it is. And why do you have such a dream?"

Shirone unknowingly clenched her fists.

"tell me. Any words are fine. I'm ready to hear even nonsense."

"First of all, dreams distort or exaggerate memories. But your dream is probably a memory projected as it is. It's called psychological regression, and it's the same principle that a person who went into hypnosis clearly remembers their past. Anyway, assuming your nightmares are of that kind... ... ."

"Go, what if you assume?"

"What you saw was probably... ... It must be space."

"Uh, space?"

Even Shirone knows what the universe is. A great world outside of this world. But the knowledge ended there. no, who knows? From time immemorial, mankind has known that the universe exists, but no one has actually seen it.

Dragons were the only race to experience the universe. Saint Dragon Gramish, who decided to leave the planet 680 years ago, headed for space at the place where representatives of each race were observing.

However, it eventually crashed to the ground after 13 hours. At the time, the dragon's corpse was said to be in a state of disrepair.

Representatives of each race separated their corpses according to Gramish's mantra and returned to their respective hometowns, and the evidence obtained there played a huge role in developing cosmology in the future.

"It is what I dreamed of... ... space?"

=======================================
[51] Strange Study Group (3)





"My major is computational physics. Judging from the scale, speed, and shape of space, such a phenomenon could never occur except in the universe. The numbers are too big to implement on the continent."

"But how could I have such a dream? If it's a psychological regression, it's my memory, but I've never been to space."

"Perhaps, but memories can exist even if you don't go to space. And from here on, it's Nade's major again."

As soon as I heard Iruki's words, a thought suddenly popped into my head.

"A portrait... ... ."

Nade nodded.

"yes. In the soul transfer experiment, the death row inmate was aware of the situation in each country that had occurred for a month in a state of unconsciousness. How could that be? Did you hear the story because the soul is like a flying dove? Of course it could be, but I think it's too anthropocentric way of thinking. Eyes and ears are biological organs with precise developmental systems. There can be no such thing in the soul. A soul would be a substance with unique properties. Strange things happened as it was electrically decomposed. Combining with other information, or flying quickly beyond time and space."

Iruki agreed with Nade's words.

"Electrons cannot observe and measure at the same time. It's like plucking a guitar string and not being able to determine where the strings are. It exists only as a probability within the range of vibration. This is called quantization, and if the soul were ionized, even the universe wouldn't matter. It is a world in which the correlation between time and distance has collapsed."

Shirone slowly shook her head. Nothing had been resolved yet, but it felt like my fears had disappeared as my own logic and evidence were presented.

"Well. I think I'm getting the hang of it now. Thank you so much. Are you a member of the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Fellow?"

"haha! Shouldn't be that surprised. Anyway, don't worry too much. It's not because I'm cursed. It seems to be related to the immortal function, but let's investigate that part in the future."

Shirone nodded and made up his mind.

"great! I'm going to join the Supernatural Psychic Research Society."

Nade had no reason to refuse. Above all, when Shirone comes in, there will be three members. It will be officially registered as a research society, and the support fund that was cut off a year ago will come out.

"We are welcome anytime. Iruki, don't you agree?"

"Hmm. For the vision of the study group, Shirone is definitely a good recruit. But will the management team admit it? There must be many teachers who oppose it because it is so notorious?"

"Leave that to me. All you have to do is bring the paperwork without the teachers knowing. Come on, let's start right away!"

Nade left the lab as if he couldn't wait even for a moment, and Shirone smiled and followed Iruki. She then looked around the lab just before she closed the door. It was no different from her warehouse and was dusty, but thinking of it as her own study group from now on, I felt her taste.

"But I will have to clean up."

Shirone closed the door and turned off the lights outside. There was no sign of anything in the dark room. The dust on the sofa was quietly spinning around the place where Shirone sat.

overflow(1)





The atmosphere in the classroom was different from usual.

Most of the teachers who finished the class waited for the next class while drinking tea or chatting, but now all the teachers were sorting the papers in unison.

The task of classifying dozens of applications for admission one by one, writing them in a report, and handing them over to the department in charge took more labor than expected.

Shiina, who had just returned from class, went to the pile of papers on the large desk without a word.

"oh. All of them are application forms? There's a lot going on this week."

"haha. It's the end of the semester, isn't it? It always happens around this time of year."

When the semester ends and vacation begins, students must submit their thesis on a free theme until the next semester.

However, since this performance evaluation can be replaced with a presentation of a study group, it has been a recent trend for students who do not have a study group to temporarily join a study group at the end of the semester.

THAAD, who is helping with the work, said.

"The kids are getting hairy. It wasn't like this before. I was passionate about research meetings and performance evaluations. I think kids these days only care too much about efficiency."

"haha! It's different from before. The competition is more fierce than it was 10 years ago, and the kids will be stressed out in their own way. The reason for opening a temporary study group is to buy time for personal study."

"That's true, but are you obsessed with performance too much? There is such a thing as romance in school days."

The teacher only smiled bitterly, perhaps sympathizing with Sade's words. After taking her documents, he was about to hand them over to her department, but Shiina found them under her desk.

"There is one missing here."

"what? when did you come in? It looks like you left it in class."

"Whoops. It seems you were in a hurry."

Shiina looked at the documents to see which student was messing around. She then fixed her spectacles, doubting her eyes as she identified her name.

"this... ... It says Shirone, right?"

The teacher peeked out his face to check.

"okay. Ariane Shirone. I thought he wasn't interested in the study group. Well, since all of the students are cheating, there must be some things that can't be helped."

Sade took the application form and looked at it, then frowned.

"I don't think so, do you? This research society is quite famous, isn't it?"

"Show me again."

Shiina received the application form from Sade and looked at the research society Shirone joined.

It was a famous place indeed.

'Supernatural Psychic Research Society.'

It was a name like a thunderbolt in the dry sky.

My head still throbs when I think of the fight I've had with graduates from here every year since I started teaching.

'what? Come to think of it... ... .'

Didn't most of the troublemakers in the Supernatural Psychic Research Society graduate the previous year? I remembered hearing at first that the support fund was cut off because the number of members was insufficient.

said the teacher with a smile.

"Come to think of it, I heard that Iruki also belongs to this research institute. Maybe we're right for each other?"

Sade let out a devastated laugh.

"I heard that it was great during the targeting test. But, surprisingly, they seem to get along well. I don't think he's the right personality."

Shiina said with a throbbing expression.

"Yes. So that is the problem."

If Iruki, whose talent is second to none, had seduced him, even the stubborn Shirone might have changed his mind.

But I can achieve it.

Aren't you the best idiot in school? Even though they were both geniuses, Shirone and Iruki pursued opposite directions.

It may be helpful for each other's development, but it was a problem that one side could be eaten or a collision could cause co-destruction. If that happened, it would be a huge loss for the school.

'It's better. At this point, let's break the link of evil.'

Shiina opened the files and looked at who the president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society was.

As expected, it was Nade.

A research society that belongs to two people who are said to be best friends with Shirone.

At this point, he seemed to understand why Shirone, who had been shunning the research society until now, had joined.

'Nade's teacher is... ... .'

Shiina looked for the teacher in charge, pointing to the names of the teachers. And the moment she confirmed her name, she sighed and touched her forehead.

'Sigh. All in all... ... .'



* * *



A training center located outside the magic school.

Ethella was sitting cross-legged and lost in meditation.

The Karsis Monastery she belonged to was the best monastery in the kingdom, with over 1,000 monk apprentices. Hundreds of children come in every year holding their parents' hands, but only a few become monks because of their talents.

Etella was unique among those children.

She became the youngest bishop after ostracizing numerous high-ranking nobles, even royalty.

The position of bishop is not a position that can be climbed simply because of excellent skills. The reason why Ethella came into the eyes of the ancestors was because he discovered his nature as a seeker.

I will be the light and salt of the world.

Ethella, who had sworn to live her life with this mindset, turned away from wealth and fame and was appointed as a teacher at Alpheas Magic School.

'thank you. Thank you for allowing me to safely finish my training today.'

That is why Ethella is different from other teachers. First of all, the origin itself was not a school or magic association, but a religious order.

If a wizard looks at the world critically, a monk wants to keep the world whole in mind without analyzing it.

Infinite gratitude for nature, which made me exist, and a sense of duty to share that heart with others were all that made her.

Ethella slowly opened her eyes. The pupils penetrating the air were young.

Through the Spirit Zone, I was able to detect a woman approaching this place. The approach of a woman was felt through the Spirit Zone.

It is difficult to determine the gender of the subject with a normal Spirit Zone. However, she was Joner, the authority of the Spirit Zone, and her search ability was higher than that of other wizards.

If the normal spirit zone is compared to air, Jonah's spirit zone can be described as liquid. Because the density of the medium is so high, synesthesia can be felt much more clearly.

Ethella got up and waited for the guest. After a while, Shiina opened the door and came in, and she greeted her with a smile.

"welcome. Miss. Shiina."

Shiina wasn't surprised that Ethella was waiting in advance. I was well aware of how sharp Jonah's Spirit Zone was.

"You were doing it. Am I in the way?"

"No. I was just about to finish it. Come on in."

"Then excuse me."

It was rare for Shiina to visit the training center. Thinking the story would be long, Etella heated up the tea.

A cushion was laid out, but sitting on the floor was unfamiliar to Shiina. However, she politely knelt down and politely accepted the tea Ethella handed to her.

Having heard that it is polite in the order to refrain from talking while drinking the first cup, Shiina did not say a word until after the bitter tea had been emptied.

Even though it was summer, the sun was long, but the golden sunset was thick. Wanting to start a conversation before it gets dark, Shiina empties her teacup a little faster.

As if Ethella was considerate, she opened her mouth first.

"I guess it's not an easy task to come all the way here."

"Yes. I have something to discuss."

"okay. What is it?"

"Isn't Nade in charge of Ms. Etella?"

"Yes. He is a bright and good student. His grades are above average, but he has enough talent. He gets along well with children."

"Did you know that the child is the president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society?"

"Absolutely. Did Nade do anything bad?"

Shiina erected her upper body as if revealing a determined attitude.

"I'm trying to dissolve the study society that the child is president of. He came because he thought it would be the right thing to ask for the teacher's understanding in advance."

Ethella smiled and sipped the tea. After being lost in her thoughts for a long time, she opened her mouth.

"If it's Shiina-sensei's will, it must be for the sake of the students. But this time, I want to hear the reason."

"Since long ago, there have been many incidents in the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. It was a research society that gained notoriety even before I took office. Of course, there were achievements equivalent to that, so the school side left it alone, but now the situation has changed. Looking through the documents, there was not a single formal presentation held in the past three years. On the contrary, I have only done things that were not enough even if I was disciplined."

"But, as Shiina-sensei said, isn't it the past? The students currently active are Nade, Iruki, and Shirone. The key is what kind of activities those kids do that are second to none in Class Four. Can't you watch a little more? Besides, the supernatural psychic science research society has quite a tradition in Alpheas Magic School. I know that the head of the Magic Association, Mr. Gaold, is also from there."

=======================================
[52] overflow(2)





"It's different from when Mr. Gaold went. This is an era where students are engrossed in performance evaluation even if they cheat. In such a yard, talented children fall behind if they only pursue romance."

"Whoops. It's like Shiina-sensei. Well, the three of them are also promising prospects that the school expects. If those children fall behind, the loss on the school side will be enormous."

Shiina did not deny it. I want to make talented students bloom even more. That was Shiina's view of education.

On the other hand, Etella's view of education was the exact opposite. There is never a law that favors or leads someone by force. She thought it was way behind the competition. However, judging from her results, the level of her students was by no means inferior to her Shiina's students.

'Am I being selfish? I have no intention of ruining the fun of my school days. But if it leads to a waste of talent, what will be the future of students?'

Shiina sighed with difficulty.

"Whoa. I don't know. I'm not sure either. Why do talented kids just try to go the other way. Also, why did Shirone join such a group?"

Etella silently looked down at the teacup and was lost in thought. She was the only one who knew that Shirone had experienced her nirvana.

It belonged to Shirone, and it was at the level of Shirone, so I didn't want to tell it as much as possible, but it wouldn't be wise to keep my mouth shut even to Shiina, the teacher in charge.

"Have you noticed anything strange about Shirone lately?"

"Is it Shiro? well. Not just one or two. It's because I get along with those kids. I guess the reason why I joined the research society was because Nade and Iruki seduced me."

"Maybe there are other reasons."

"Yes? what is that... ... ."

"I'm sorry I couldn't tell you until now. In fact, this happened during the speed gun test."

Etella told the story of Shirone entering nirvana while targeting. Then her Shiina face turned pale.

"Really? That's an immortal function."

Immortal Function is the highest level, but that does not mean the highest level. In terms of level alone, there are cases in which street beggars realize a deeper degree than wizards. It was too dangerous a concept for Shirone, who was still only a student, to control.

"Why didn't you tell me beforehand? This is a really big problem."

Etella thought there were no big or small problems in the world. Everything was up to her mind, and Shirone wanted to decide for himself.

"Shirone already knows. In fact, it's strange not knowing. Nirvana is the ultimate realization that even I have never experienced. I thought there was no room for me to intervene in that."

"I understand how you feel, Ms. Etella. He cannot force others to do what he does not know. But what if overflow happens? Then he may not be able to turn back."

Overflow is a phenomenon commonly found in children who awaken their genius at a mentally immature age.

Sanity is a state of stillness, like water in a bowl. But when it overflows, you can't control yourself and become a madman. There was a reason why many geniuses had mad or eccentric personalities.

It is said that the earlier you experience overflow, the more talented you are, but from Shiina's point of view, it was an irresponsible remark from people in the world who like to follow genius.

Shiina also experienced an overflow at the young age of nine. In her eyes, the world was not a rainbow of curiosity. It was just a gray space dotted with mechanical rules.

It was unbearably frightening. So I locked the door and buried myself in darkness. Despite the continued interest of the Oliper School, her Shiina's condition showed no signs of improving.

She remembers the world of darkness where she stayed for a year. And a ray of light that broke through the darkness like a miracle.

The blond boy who opened the light coming through the door and reached out his hand. If he hadn't handed over his light, Shiina would never have gotten to where she is now.



- Shiina. let's go out now



Shiina smiled bitterly as she recalled that time. Her memory speaks for itself. That she shouldn't let Shirone walk the same path as herself.

Shirone has achieved rapid growth in a short period of time. I was stimulated by interacting with numerous talented people, and continuously broke through the limits while going through fierce competition. If it was an immortal function other than anything else, the possibility of overflow was quite high.

"Teacher Ethella. I suffered from overflow when I was young. Wouldn't Teacher Etella do the same?"

"Yes. Sure."

Shiina realized that it was a right door. The average age for wizards to reach the official 6th grade is 28 years old. However, it was not enough that the two were only 26 years old, and they had already stayed in this class for 6 years.

Considering that it took an average of 10 years to get promoted from level 6 to level 5, he was already a top-ranked wizard even at level 6.

With this level of genius, it was rather strange that overflow did not occur.

"I first experienced it when I was 7 years old. That's why she entered the Karsis Monastery. But thanks to the good people she met, she was able to get out safely."

Shiina was slightly moved by the fact that her experience was two years earlier than her, but shook her head.

The younger the age, the higher the probability of collapsing due to overflow. The terrifying sense of fear that had taken over before knowing the world was not something a child could handle.

"It must have been difficult."

"I was really afraid. If I hadn't entered a monastery, I probably wouldn't have lived a normal life."

If you are 7 years old, it means that you have awakened as soon as you know the world. Ethella must have been able to capture the spirit because it was about the size of the Karsis Monastery, where the country's best seekers gathered.

"But why are you leaving Shirone alone? You probably know the fear of overflow better than anyone."

"Shirone and I are different. I'm 18, not 7 or 8. Overflow is dangerous because the vessel to contain the spirit is not solid. But I think Shirone has the ability to overcome it. Overflow is, on the one hand, a process of accepting genius. If you overcome this hurdle well, Shirone will grow even more."

Ethella's words also had some truth. In fact, it was after Shiina passed the prayer overflow that her magical talents ran wild.

However, it was possible because of miraculous help. And in return, the precious person lost the light.

"It's not that I don't know what Shiina-sensei is worried about. But she doesn't all collapse when she gets caught in an overflow. So did I."

Ethella is just a unique case. Her overflow might not have been such a big threat to her. Shiina spoke with such feelings.

"I know Shirone's bowl is not small. However, it is a situation where the immortal function has been awakened. I mean, the worst could happen. If that happens, can Teacher Etella take responsibility?"

"I am not teaching students to be responsible. I believe Shirone will definitely overcome it."

"But... ... !"

"But."

Ethella put down the teacup and said firmly.

"If the worst happens, I'm prepared to live atone for that child for the rest of my life."

Shiina shut her mouth. Etela's determination went beyond that of a teacher and even reached the sacrificial spirit of a monk.

If she did not sincerely care for the students, the free education policy would have been neglected. Could it be that she was not herself that was lacking in her determination?

Shiina put her palms together and bowed her head to say goodbye.



* * *



The iron door of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society was opened. Shirone gasped at the dust rising from the floor and struggled with his arms. Leaving Shirone behind, Nade came in looking tired. He then threw away his bag and jumped onto the sofa.

Iruki was playing chess. He alternately held black and white, and his hand moved before he had time to think. One round was over in an instant, and he lined up again and started the next round.

"Are you here? How was your day?"

Nade raised his feet on the back of the sofa and said in a sleepy voice.

"so so. There was nothing particularly fun about it."

Shirone sighed at the sight of his friends. Iruki skipped class every day to play chess, and Nade's only wish to come to the study group was to sleep.

"Iruki. Did you miss afternoon class today? Then, if you get paid, what are you going to do?"

"It's fine. I just need to raise my grades as much as I missed out on attendance."

It's a nasty answer, but the reason I can't refute it is because what Iruki said is true. Currently, Iruki is holding out in Class 5 only with science and engineering scores. In other words, the score in the humanities field was 0 points. The average score of about 20 points left room for a ridiculous increase, so it was okay to take some time.

'Anyway, isn't that too much? It's the first time I've seen kids who don't study like this in Class Five.'

Iruki, who skips classes every day, is avoiding failing grades only with his science and engineering grades, and even Nade is lazy, but his grades are in the upper middle. Seeing this, he felt like an idiot who was studying while wearing a gi.

"I guess I came to the study group for no reason."

"Why are you doing this? You know there's no redemption, right?"

"No, I mean it. If I stay here, I think I'll be weird first."

"What are you talking about? What did we do?"

"They say it's a research club, but they don't do any activities and just play. Still, his grades are better than mine. I feel like I'm getting more anxious because I'm with talented kids like you guys."

"You think the joke is funny now? What's the point of giving me a gourd in a test?"

"Yeah. It sounds very arrogant because you are too humble."

Nade also joined. Comparing the grades of Shirone, who had been enrolled for less than a year, with those who had been educated since childhood was nonsense.

"No, I'm serious. From now on, I will reduce the activities of the research club. You guys don't even think about performance evaluation anyway, do you? I'd rather study at that time."

It was only then that Iruki and Nade realized that they were serious. It seemed that he couldn't stand it because he was anxious if he didn't study even for a moment, fearing that someone might not be a model student.

"Then why don't you study here instead?"

"yes? here?"

"yes. We feel sorry for you too. I want to play with you, but it seems to get in the way. It's not bad to do it here, right? Maybe we will be stimulated too."

"Hmm."

Deep in thought, Shirone nodded. He didn't think studying would go well in such a bizarre study society, but it was worth a try if it spurred on his friends. After sweeping the trash from the table to the floor, he put his bag on it and said.

"okay. Then I will study here. Please don't disturb me instead."

"lol. Don't worry. We are also busy in our own way."

As soon as Nade finished speaking, he sprawled out on the sofa.

"What do you do now anyway? I am very bored."

Shirone's temples had veins. However, this would be nothing compared to the difficulties ahead, so he suppressed his anger and started studying. Then, Iruki, who was already playing chess for the 34th time, spoke to Nade while busy moving his phone and bishop.

"If you have nothing to do, read picture books. I brought it this month."

"Ohhhh! really?"

Nade jumped up and crawled to the pile of garbage under the table and burrowed into it as if digging a tunnel.

'picture book? Is it a collection of famous paintings?'

Nade moving under her feet was cumbersome, but Shirone was also interested in art, so he let it go for now. After escaping from the garbage pile, Nade crawled out from under the table and shook a book in the air.

=======================================
[53] Overflow(3)





"ha ha ha! Picture book latest issue! How long have I waited for this day?"

Shirone's face turned hot as he glanced over at the picture book. It was far from being famous from the cover. A woman's naked body was drawn from the neck to the thighs, and the phrase 'Women's Human Body Research Society' was written along the sewing line.

"What the hell is that strange book about?"

"Aha. you don't know This is just a picture book. It's a privilege that only a few can enjoy even at magic schools."

Iruki added.

"In a word, can it be called unproductive play by humans who have nothing to do? Heck heck!"

A picture book is a slang commonly used among students, and it is a book that contains semi-nude drawings of women's bodies.  

Of course, it was not an official publication, but an obscene book published by a team of children who majored in painting at school.

The place where it was published was an unofficial research group called the Women's Human Body Research Society. Nonetheless, it was popular among the students who knew it. It was because the characters in the magic school were drawn beyond a simple semi-nude.

Girls, female teachers, and sometimes even male students or male teachers, anyone who belonged to the school could be their model, and that's why the school suffered from headaches.

The school side periodically confiscates publications, but since it is a point organization and a rookie, the key figures are still unknown. According to one theory, it is said that the head of the female body research group is in the senior class, but it has not been confirmed.

After hearing the explanation, Shirone put on a dazed expression. In a sense, it was a research society that committed extraordinary things to the point where it was incomparable to Iruki and Nade.

"So Iruki has read a book like this too? I am surprised."

Iruki waved his finger without taking his eyes off the chess player.

"It's just information gathering. The Women's Human Body Research Society is so resourceful that it collects all rumors about the stars."

Nade showed me the back page of the picture book. As Iruki said, a detailed explanation was attached.

The birthplace of the female students and even personal information were recorded in detail, but it was too much labor to call it a hobby.

The reason why she insisted on being semi-nude was also a trick to circumvent the civil law of Creas City. Even so, the posture was lewd, and it was far from art even if an outsider saw it.

Nade, who was flipping through the picture book, burst out exclamations.

"Wow! This month is really awesome! Iruki, can I take a look at page 7 here?"

"as you please. Because I already put all the information in my head."

Shirone stared blankly at Nade. Where the hell are you going to use that thing?

"I don't study to say... ... ."

Nade burst into laughter. maybe it's the first time? What about the case of a model student like Shirone entering the supernatural and psychic science research institute, which was a gathering place for nerds?

"Shirone. Get used to it quickly too. When you're here, you'll find that there's a lot more fun than class. If you spend a little time, you will realize that there is absolutely no loss."

Nade's face hardened rapidly as he turned the next page. he looked at Shirone and said,

"Hey, Shirone. Never be shocked."

"What is it this time? Is there anything more shocking?"

"No, that's in the picture book here... ... Senior Amy appeared."

"What? Give it to me!"

Shirone hurriedly took the picture book. An embarrassing picture was decorating the entire page. It was so realistic that it was believable that it was real.

"Shirone. Don't get me wrong, listen. Hey, how similar is it to the picture? I've always been curious."

"It's similar, but it's similar! And how do I know that!"

Iruki shrugged and let out a giggle.

"Can't you tell by looking at Shirone's personality? I don't think we're really dating. She honestly hasn't even held his hand yet, has she?"

"huh. You guys are doing well. You don't care about other people's love affairs."

Shirone turned her gaze back to the picture book. He was a great skill apart from other thoughts. Would you say it feels like a person is alive on paper?

'Even if I don't know, it's a great talent. But why are you doing this?'

Shirone tore out the page. It was really unpleasant for Amy to make her page in a book like this.

"Ughhhh... ... ."

I couldn't bear to look at it and turned my head away as I tore the page. Nade grabbed his belly button and burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! what are you doing now Don't be too sensitive. Anyway, except for the face, it's a figment of imagination. You haven't actually seen it."

Shirone rolled his eyes. Whether she is imaginary or real, Amy was a friend who fought alongside Black Magician. If she could, she wanted to find and disband the Society for the Study of the Female Human Body.

"Anyway, stop reading these books, and let's do something productive if you don't want to study. It's definitely a study group, but are you going to be messing around like this all day?"

Realizing that studying here was out of the question, Shirone decided to find something she could do with her friends.

"Then why don't we take a look at Nade's invention? The patent list of Nade, the master of all things."

"Oh right! I haven't shown it to Shirone yet."

Nade crawled under the table again. Curious to see what was in the garbage heap, Shirone bent down to look inside. Surprisingly, the safe was concealed.

"Voila! How are you, Shirone? Can you see this?"

Shirone blinked blankly. There was nothing in Nade's hand. However, when I looked closely, I felt that the scenery was scattered around certain boundaries.

"Can this be?"

"haha! This is the Invisibility Cloak!"

An invisibility cloak is an object that refracts light using electrical power and creates the illusion that light passes through it.

"You mean you really made it? this?"

Shirone couldn't believe it. Although he did not have great knowledge in magical engineering, he was fully aware of how valuable the invisibility cloak was.

Electric magic has a strong aspect in combat, but it also has infinite value industrially.

In fact, the magic that electric wizards mainly use is illusion-type magic, not lightning magic.

The best magic in the illusion series could be invisible magic, invisible magic, and it was the invisible magic that could produce the same effect as that.

Even though it was not Nade's original invention, being able to imitate and even produce an invisibility cloak required engineering at the level of a working professional.

"My dream is to become a magic engineer. Of course, compared to expensive invisibility cloaks on the market, it's pretty lame. First of all, the material is inferior and the charging technology is inferior, so the effect does not appear for only one hour after the electric power is injected. But is this good enough?"

As soon as he put on the cape, Ned's figure disappeared. The quality of an invisibility cloak depends on the refractive index of light. If the refractive index falls below 95 percent, it cannot be called transparent, so a 1 percent difference becomes the standard for determining technological prowess. Nade's current skills couldn't produce 100% refractive index, but the transparency effect was a sure perfection.

As Nade moved, a blurry boundary line was detected. However, as much as when she stopped, she couldn't tell if someone was there without observing closely.

Shirone was a series of admiration. Independently making commercially available magic weapons was only possible with alchemy knowledge in addition to magical knowledge.

"Awesome. Wouldn't your grades have been much better if you had put that effort into your studies?"

"ha ha ha! Things like that happen, too. But I'm happiest when I'm making things rather than magic. There are many more besides this one. look."

Nade took out various items from the safe again. A miniature wagon powered by electricity. The hologram vision, which appears when a picture is placed on a crystal board, was also quite complete.

Among them, there were things like flash bombs and smoke bombs that incorporated Iruki's ideas, but they fell far short of Nade's patent list.

Shirone realized from Nade's enthusiastic introduction. It's not a waste of talent. Rather, he was ahead of his peers in his field.

"The power unit of this wagon has a rotational speed per second... ... . yes?"

Nade, who was talking frantically, looked up at the ceiling as the room suddenly shook. Her vibrations intensified and her pieces fell from side to side as her chessboard rocked.

Iruki immediately ran out, checked the hallway, and returned. A look of urgency was evident on his face, as if he had realized something.

"Damn it! Teacher is up! Put things away quickly!"

"what? What is it?"

There was no time to explain. Nade hid the picture book with skillful movements and put together the smoke bombs, the unofficial operating funds of the research society, and threw them into the safe. When the items in violation of the rules were disposed of, he shouted as he led the confused Shirone to the sofa.

"Shirone! Sit over here! It's a surprise inspection!"

The machinery of Eastas began to operate. A red warning light blinking in the hallway announced that sooner or later the warehouse with the research group would be summoned to the first floor.

"The teacher is coming? But what if you sit down? I need to say hello."

Nade made Shirone sit down on the sofa as she tried to stand up.

"Enough! Act calmly as if nothing happened. If you get caught in a picture book or a smoke grenade, probation won't end."

"uh? uh, okay."

Shirone returned her mind with her unique mental method. At the mind control that even felt the cold on his face, his friends stuck out their tongues even in the midst of their urgency. After preparing for a bout of war, they waited for Istas to arrive on the ground.



* * *



"Whoa, annoying."

Shiina rubbed her head with a headache. It takes at least 3 minutes to bring the warehouse down to the first floor in Estas. It was enough time to cover up the scene as well as run away.

In the past, some teachers had raided the Supernatural Psychic Research Society without Estas running. However, after wandering around the building for over an hour, I couldn't find the lab.

On the other hand, members freely entered and exited the laboratory. I had a rough idea of ??how it would be. It is to infer the movement line by analyzing the moving pattern of the cube centered on the laboratory.

Estas is commercialized as a magic warehouse, but the manufacturer is still not disclosing the blueprint. It was not enough that a student 20 years ago had released such a thing, and it was nothing but absurd for the teachers to use it as a cover-up technique for the study group.

Shiina crossed her arms and wiggled her legs until the form of Estas reached completion. 3 minutes felt too long.

'The more I think about it, the more I get mad. How did you find a pattern that even the teachers couldn't find? No, once you find it, you should use it for something constructive. What the hell could these study groups be good for?'

This is why the study group in the dark is a problem. If you are simply doing bad things, you can control them at school. However, in most cases, their intellectual abilities were already out of the school's control.

Even in the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society, it was composed of children with extraordinary brains enough to play with rogue clubs like the Black Magician if they wanted to.

'What was Shirone thinking when he joined? Even if it's an immortal function, how helpful are these children? Furthermore, if I joined here, the performance evaluation would be a mess.'

Nade is normal at school, but at the research club, he shows off his alertness like other children in the shadows. Iruki, a troublemaker in Class 5 who is born with the ability of Servant Syndrome, but skips class whenever he is bored. In addition, Shirone, now the best model student in the school, intervened. No matter how much you think about it, how can three people who don't get along well together?

'Is talent attracting talent? Well, at least Nade and Iruki would be able to interact on an equal footing, but... ... .'

=======================================
[54] Overflow(4)





Shiina made up her mind to become weak. Shirone, who has awakened her immortal function, may fall into an overflow. She said that Ethella could overcome it on her own, but she said that if what she feared becomes reality, Shirone's life will be miserable.

While I was lost in thought, Istas stopped. Shiina entered without delay. As she walked down the hallway, she burst open an iron door with a sign for the Society for the Study of Paranormal and Psychic Sciences.

Children were sitting among the white smoke rising. Seeing her relaxed smile without any sign of surprise, Shiina burst into a tantrum again.

It was a familiar sight to her. The difference was that all the idiots with whom they had been in constant conflict had now graduated, and Shirone had been newly added in their place.

'Why do the students change when they enter this study group? Not anyone else, even Shirone.'

Normally, Shirone would greet with a bright smile, but now he had a perfect poker face. I expected it, but I couldn't help but feel a little sad. Next to Nade, who arrogantly crossed her legs, was Yiruki, who leaned back in a chair and raised her head to the ceiling. Shiina snorted at her in an atmosphere that pushed her teachers away just by her attitude.

"Don't you even say hello to the teacher? These... ... ."

"I was so absorbed in the discussion that I was distracted. welcome."

Nade said with a cold face. The research society, an autonomous organization of students, was able to grow to a position in charge of one axis of the magic school community by adhering to the method of thoroughly guarding against interference from teachers. I couldn't have a good feeling because I ignored such a tradition and conducted an involuntary check.

'huh. A school is a school, and a research society is a research society, right?'

But today was the last day to be arrogant. The teachers' meeting had already approved the dissolution of the study group, and it had reached an acceptable agreement with the teacher in charge, Ethella.

"What is it anyway, sir? These days, I'm living quietly without any accidents."

"An official notice came down about the research association. I came to tell you in person."

"Then come in. albeit shabby."

Nade brushed off a seat on the sofa with his hand. Her attitude was that nothing would sting.

"Thank you. If so, why don't you give me a cup of tea?"

"Can you trust and drink the tea I offer you? As you know, if Istas moves, no one will be able to find it."

Shiina raised one eyebrow and laughed. She already knew that there wasn't even a glass of cold water in this shabby warehouse, let alone a car. Although I didn't like what they were doing, I didn't hate them because they were witty children.

"yes. I heard that the teacher is also a little anxious. Then I'll tell you the main point quickly. I want you to return the lab within a month."

Nade's eyes widened. He immediately returned to his status as a student at the sound like a thunderbolt from the sky, and asked questioningly.

"Yes? Are you returning it? Why suddenly?"

"As a result of reviewing the documents, it was operated without meeting the required number of members this semester. The school has already cut off the subsidy. So I'd appreciate it if you could sort it out within a month."

"Wait! Shirone is here now! Starting with three people, you can be recognized as an official research group."

"But isn't there no activity? If you want to save the research society, you have no choice but to produce research results within one month, which is the due date. Of course, I don't know what kind of research I can do in the field of the supernatural."

"That is far-fetched! Just because it's a study group doesn't mean you have to hold a presentation!"

"It is a special situation. The fact that the laboratory exists in Istas, and the notoriety is so high. There are few places in the study group that are as inactive as you. The one month period was given because Miss Etella asked for it. Think sensibly."

Shirone was dumbfounded. Now, little by little, affection for the study group is starting to sprout, but it's completely disbanded.

"But there is one way to save the study group."

Nade hurriedly stuck his face in.

"what is that? What can I do?"

"Get Shirone out of this study group. Then at least I'll close my eyes until next semester."

"Yes, yes?"

As Shiina expected, Nade stood up.

"Nonsense! I didn't forcefully drag Shirone along, and the three of us are always close friends at school. Why do you keep trying to tear it apart?"

said Iruki.

"Don't worry if I skip class. Because when it comes to studying, we each stick to our own way."

Shirone couldn't just sit still and listen.

"My thoughts are the same. I know that the research society is notorious, and I know that Iruki and Nade aren't faithful to their classes. However, both of them are doing their best to study in their fields. It's never a waste of time. So please be lenient."

Knowing that Shiina cares for Shirone, Nade puts his hopes on just in case. But she stuck to her principles and said it right.

"It's no use talking like that. Above all else, Shirone, this is a decision I made for you."

"Is this a decision for me? Do you think I am working hard?"

"Shirone, what is happening to you these days?"

Shirone's heart sank. Nade and Iruki also avoided Shiina's gaze.

Seeing their reaction, Shiina felt it. She, too, was confiding in all her friends.

"You guys are really mean. Especially, Iruki, you would have known that Shirone could fall into an overflow, but why didn't you tell the teacher?"

Shirone looked back at Iruki.

"Iruki. What is an overflow?"

"Just what... ... not a big deal. Is it a phenomenon that occurs when awakening is higher than the current level? I did it when I was 8 years old too."

Shiina was not satisfied with Iruki's explanation.

"If you fall into an overflow, your mind may collapse. I heard about the Immortal Function from Miss Etella. If you miss the timing, recovery may be impossible."

Shirone bit his lip and fell into thought. He still has nightmares every night and suffers from parasomnia. Sometimes he wondered if he was going crazy. If this situation persisted, there was no guarantee that he would not.

Shirone asked Iruki again.

"Oh, how was it? What about you?"

"Hmm. I was really fine It was a bit scary. When I told my father, he said that since you are that kind of guy, you can live like that for the rest of your life."

Shiina put on a puzzled expression. She says that her young son is crying, but that's what it means to do it. However, considering who Iruki's father was, he could have been. In any case, it was an undeniable fact that his father's neglect played a part in the formation of Iruki's eccentric personality.

Shiina asked Nade with the feeling of grabbing at least a straw.

"Nade. What do you think of me as a friend?"

"ha ha ha. well? I don't know what overflow feels like."

Shiina sighed, expecting that Shirone would change her mind after hearing her friends' experiences. Still, her danger was imprinted on her, so Shirone will follow her will as well.

"Anyway, for that reason, Shirone will leave the study group. If you guys have a heart to think of friends too, admit it. The most important thing right now is Shirone's state of mind."

Nade said with a bored expression.

"Isn't that the teacher's judgment? Don't I think so?"

Shiina sighed in frustration. Her stubbornness despite knowing her friend's condition was far from her friendship.

"You're doing it because you don't know the fear of overflow. I'm sure Iruki will allow it."

"Nope. Am I a bit weird too? In any case, it's up to Shirone to take care of himself, right? I don't know why the teacher cares so much."

It was a cold word to come out between friends. But that was why they were friends. The fact that the person involved, Shirone, was not sad was proof that their way of thinking was based on the same rationality.

"Then are you saying it's okay for Shirone to go crazy?"

"There is no reason to be bad. But more than that, I think that Shirone can overcome it. It's something I have to endure as long as I decide to be the best on this floor anyway."

Nade said.

"I am of the same opinion. Come to think of it, aren't you favoring Shirone too much? It doesn't matter to us, but it can be quite burdensome for you."

Nade thought for a moment, then added with his eyes shining.

"There are even rumors going around among the students that the teacher sees Shirone as a man."

Of course, such rumors never spread. But it was also this method that worked best for teachers. Shiina didn't take it lightly either. She had been in conflict with the shadowy research society for years, and she hadn't nodded to even worse rumors.

"Let's do that. Then, can I take charge of Shirone now?"

Even teachers cannot arbitrarily withdraw students from the study group unless they violate school rules. In this case, Nade's approval was desperately needed as the research chairman's decision was more important than the management meeting.

"Don't force yourself. So are you saying that the rumors that the teacher sees you as a man are true?"

"I mean, if you think so, you can think of it that way. I will not yield."

"Yes? Then can you date me too?"

Shiina shook her head as if she didn't even want to imagine it.

"No, that will never happen."

"look. The teacher's words are contradictory. After all, you're favoring Shirone."

"Shirone is kind, honest, and popular, so rumors like that could spread. But aren't you?"

"... ... Teacher. Can I be hurt right now?"

"No, no. Listen carefully. Trying to trap me like this is futile. Even if it is a senior, I will never view the student I teach as a man. However, if it's to take Shirone away, I don't mind hearing such a misunderstanding. Shirone needs constant attention. You guys are the ones who are being forced."

Nade, who was speechless, took the place of Iruki.

"I know the teacher is worried, but if you can't cross the overflow anyway, that's the limit. It's not even dying. Isn't it reasonable to trust Shirone?"

"Are you not going to die? Other than that, I wouldn't do this either. But it's an immortal function. There is no guarantee that the worst won't happen."

"I guess so. But it hasn't happened yet. I think that Shiina-sensei is worrying too much about an unclear problem. It's not an interest, it's an obsession."

"Obsession?"

Shiina swallowed. She felt as if she had been exposed to her inner pain. Maybe Iruki wasn't wrong. The darkness that suddenly came to her in her young days carved a bigger wound into her heart than the overflow.

"After hearing what you said, I think this is my problem."

Shirone took advantage of the silence to speak.

"I'm OK. Honestly, it's scary, but more than that, I want to watch it. what will i be like And will I be able to overcome it? Even if you fall into an overflow, you will never resent the teacher."

Shirone's words brought back vague memories to Shiina. She said the same thing to the man who saved her from her hell.



- Shiina. It's about looking straight at what's coming your way. No matter how scared you are, you shouldn't turn away. Closing your eyes doesn't make it disappear.

- go away! My brother knows nothing!



'If only I had that kind of courage... ... .'

=======================================
[55] overflow(5)





The terrible accident may not have happened. He was an honest and pure person like Shirone.

Then he lost his light. The genius God especially cherished lost his light because of himself, who was just a coward.

"yes. I know what you guys are thinking."

Shiina came out of the flashback.

"I respect Shirone's thoughts and will not force her to leave."

"No, before that, when do you respect the president's thoughts?"

"Whoops. Can I afford to play with words? It's a month ahead. If the school doesn't produce convincing research results, the Supernatural Psychic Research Society will disband. The research society that produced many graduates will end at your university."

Nade's heart sank. Come to think of it, she wasn't just sitting on her sidewalk.

The seniors of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society have broken the school's evaluation of being poor and are occupying important positions in the Wizarding Society. In particular, Mikea Gaold, the current head of the Magic Association, was a source of pride for generations. If the life of the research society is cut off in their generation, they will have no face to see them in society.

'Oh, that's crazy. What do we do?'

They said they would give it a month, but it was nothing more than political rhetoric to dismantle the study group. Above all, there has never been an official presentation at the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. How can you logically investigate the existence of a ghost or god that may or may not exist? Driven to a dead end, Nade abandoned her face and everything and clung to Shiina.

"Teacher! please give me a chance! Is there any other way other than the presentation? Teachers know the truth. Our research society has meaning in its existence itself! It is the only research society that can strike a blow at the wizarding society that only believes in logic!"

Shiina didn't even snort.

"So, please, I'm telling you to give it a shot. I can't give up this time. Since the agenda has already been raised to the teachers' meeting, it is impossible to withdraw it. I hope you make the right decision."

When Shiina left the study group, the sound of the iron door closing signaled the children to sit down on the sofa. My mind was blank as if I had woken up from a dream. With a clatter, the Ystas' engine apparatus began to return the laboratory to its original position.





Gauge Symmetry(1)





leisurely holiday.

Normally, Shirone would be stuck in the library even on his day off, but now he was sitting in the central park in a daze. Iruki and Nade also sat side by side and sipped their juice.

"What time is it?"

"do not know. It's not night anyway."

"It's thousand."

A dull silence ensued. When Shirone sighed, two more sighs followed in quick succession. In the end, Shirone, who couldn't stand it, jumped up and looked back at them and shouted.

"What are you going to do, the study group? Shouldn't you be thinking about a topic to present at a time like this?"

"yes. Let's think. What research projects could we get approved by the school?"

Nade shook his head.

"As far as I know, I've never had a presentation itself. Of course, I did a lot of funny incidents, but there's no way the school would approve it as an official study anyway."

There is no way to elevate the topic of supernatural psychic science to the realm of expertise. If such a method existed, it would have already spread to the world in the name of science.

Shirone, who sat down on the bench again, also emptied her thoughts. She turned her head when she saw the legs of schoolgirls passing by, or the occasional, well-developed woman, but her head was actually a blank slate.

"what? Guys, look over there."

Nade pointed somewhere with a nonchalant chin. A beauty she had never seen at school was heading to her front door. She wore her heels in an ivory trench cord and her permed purple hair slicked down to her waist.

"Biologically, the design is fine. Who is it?"

"Are you a graduating senior? Aren't kids my age usually wearing grown-up clothes like that?"

While the friends were evaluating, Shirone opened her eyes and examined them. Somehow the atmosphere was familiar.

"Perhaps... ... Isn't it Shiina-sensei?"

"Sensei Shiina?"

Nade stretched out his upper body and took a closer look. Certainly it was. She didn't wear her glasses, and her trademark neatly updoed hair was loose, but it was definitely Shiina.

"wow. It's awesome. How can people change like that?"

"Yeah. With makeup on, he's a completely different person. By the way Shirone, how did you know? Now that I look at it, I see that I have a clear eye for women."

"yes? no. It just looks like it."

The reason Shirone understood it at a glance was because she saw Shiina with her hair in the grass. But she couldn't bring herself to say that her teacher had come in the middle of the night, so she evaded it.

"But where are you going? I even put on makeup."

"It's the teacher's off-duty today. It's also a holiday. Do you have a date or something?"

"Isn't Shiina-sensei far from men?"

"There are still people to meet. If a woman is 26 years old, she is said to be full of marriage opportunities. You don't even have to get married."

"Hmm. I mean... ... "

Nade, who was deep in thought as he stroked his chin, sparkled in Ned's eyes, a light that had exploded in his head.

"Shall we follow? Are you curious?"

"What are you going to do after that? Isn't that your private life?"

"There's nothing to do anyway. I don't think the answer will come out just by thinking and thinking here, and my head feels like it's going to explode. It's a holiday anyway, so you'll just have to come in before sunset."

Iruki was skeptical.

"Can I chase you undetected? He's a certified 6th level wizard. Even if it's not a spirit zone, the eyes looking at the surroundings must be different. Will you find out soon?"

"Then let's do this. Iruki: You track down the teacher, and Shirone acts as the intermediary. I'll drop by the lab."

Shirone saw through Nade's thoughts.

"An invisibility cloak?"

"That's right. If you put on the invisibility cloak and follow him, even the teacher won't notice. There's no reason to go out on a date and have a spirit zone. how?"

"That's a good idea. Alright, then I'll be following you from now on. Shirone, you bring Nade from the middle."

Shirone let out a sigh as Iruki jumped up from the bench and ran after Shiina. Really, these were the kids who excelled in this way.

"Then I'll bring the invisibility cloak. Shirone, you must never let go of Iruki. Can you move while checking points?"

Since the direction of a city is limited by an artificial structure called a road, a rough line of movement can be grasped by simply checking a point. It was important to judge the point of return at the midpoint as it was not possible to get too far away from Nade.

Shirone couldn't help but nod his head. Even in this situation, he hated himself for having already done the calculations in his head.

"okay. come quickly instead I am not confident for more than 10 minutes."

"haha! Shirone too! I believe in you!"

Nade ran to the study group, and Shirone, who followed Iruki, returned 10 minutes later and picked up Nade at the front door. From then on, she ran fast and was able to catch up with Iruki ten minutes later. As the two came running, Iruki shook her head with a puzzled expression.

"It's strange."

"Why? Did you miss the teacher?"

"no. But she almost missed it. I'm strangely wary of my surroundings. I thought it was a battlefield."

"Ohh. Are you getting more and more interesting? Aren't you taking back money with prohibited items like us?"

Shirone looked at Nade pathetically.

"Teachers don't do that."

"Anyway, let's go. From now on, since I have the Invisibility Cloak, you can come closer."

The three put on their invisibility cloaks and chased after Shiina. Upon entering the commoners' quarters, the streets were full of people who had been out to do business since early morning. Thanks to this, tailing has become easier.

Shiina stopped at a two-story house. The three peeked out of their cloaks and watched who would open the door. Then, when Shiina looked around her, her face sank like a turtle. The hearts of the three were beating fast.

"Are you too wary? Who the hell lives in this house? Isn't it just a commoner's house?"

Curiosity captivated the three of them again. I didn't commit any crimes, so I didn't feel the need to freeze.

A young man opened the door and came out. And as soon as he saw Shiina, he shared a deep hug.

"I-I can't... ... !"

Everyone in Shirone's party was shocked. The nickname "Frozen Shiina" refers to her specialty, but it was also given to her coldly towards any man. But there must have been a hidden man. The three of them looked at each other's faces and realized it was real.

"How did this happen? He must have been a man, right?"

"You will know when you go. Let's follow along."

Said Shirone, startled.

"What? But how do you get into someone else's house?"

"But isn't it a little too much to go back like this? You should know for sure."

"Since you are a virgin, of course you can meet men too. Why are you making such a fuss?"

Iruki thought differently. Judging from the circumstances so far, there were not one or two strange things about him.

"Does something smell? There's nothing wrong with a teacher meeting a man. But why hide it? Are you an official solo at school? Besides, being wary of your surroundings is also a concern."

"That's right. So let's check it out."

Shirone asked with an anxious expression.

"What are you going to do?"

"You can enter through the basement warehouse. Do not worry about it. Even if I get caught, is it a big deal? Shiina-sensei went in anyway, so it's not like a stranger's house."

Shirone opened his mouth blankly.

"it... ... Isn't it our very subjective opinion?"

"do not know. anyway i'm going I'm going crazy because I'm curious."

When Nade and Iruki left, Shirone sighed and followed them. I didn't like the way they agreed, but I didn't know what I would do if I left the two of them alone.

Arriving at the entrance to the basement storage, Nade inspected the iron door. It was installed horizontally and locked tightly.

He took out a ballpoint pen-like device from his pocket and pressed a button, and a sharp iron stick came out. It was one of Nade's patented items, a key unlocking device.

In order to open the lock, you have to press the irregularities of the internal organs accurately, but Nade's device can adjust the iron rod in hundredths of a centimeter, so it was easy to get a commoner's house.

After inserting the device into the lock, Nade tried it here and there with his tongue sticking out, and the moment he twisted his wrist, the lock clicked open.

When the door opened and a ladder leading down to the basement was seen, Shirone fell into a sense of desolation.

People spend the night in peace just because there is a lock, but they seem to forget that locks are also man-made.

As I descended the ladder, the smell of onions unique to the grocery store stimulated the tip of my nose. While Shirone closed the iron door, Nade put his ear to the door to the first floor and checked the movement outside.

"great. The first floor is also quiet. Let's go up once."

Covered with invisibility cloaks, the three headed to the first floor with only their faces floating like ghosts. The floor where the living room and kitchen are integrated came out, and no one was there. When I went up the stairs to the second floor, I felt a presence in the room at the end of the hallway. I heard Shiina's voice.

"what are you doing? don't do it fast."

As Shirone and Nade moved their facial muscles vigorously, Iruki put his hand to his lips. A man's voice continued.

"wait for a sec. not ready yet Take off your clothes first."

"When will your wife come back?"

"I went shopping at the market. It will probably take more than two hours."

Nade couldn't contain his excitement again. No, beyond excitement, she had an expression bordering on astonishment.

Shirone felt the same way. She hadn't even dreamed that the man Shiina-sensei was dating was married.

=======================================
[56] Gage Symmetry (2)





"Aren't you wearing them today?"

"uh. Stretch your back a little more."

"like this?"

"Oh, like that. Raise your legs slightly. Yes, it is."

The three faces turned red. Of course, since they are adults, affection between men and women is something that can work. But it was an affair. Shiina's career as a teacher was over when it became known to the school.

"Then shall we begin? You can't move."

"don't worry. You've held up well until now."

Nade looked back at his friends with an angry face. Shirone and Iruki, guessing what he was trying to do, also nodded.

Love has no borders, but considering the feelings of a wife who had her husband taken away, it was right to end it here.

Nade's hand on the doorknob was shaking. If she waited a little longer, she would be able to complete the field verification, but she did not want to see the teacher she admired.

The doorknob turned wildly and the three of them stormed into the room without saying who was first.

"You bastard! Shiina-sensei! What a disappointment!"

Nade's cry was buried in the silence.

Shirone and Iruki, who were preparing to close their eyes, stared blankly at the scenery in the room, which was completely different from what they had imagined.

Shiina, who was sitting on the bed, turned to the door. Opposite her stood a large canvas.

"uh? uh?"

Shirone and the others only opened their mouths like fish. A thought crossed everyone's mind. It was an event in which great misunderstandings, misunderstandings, and distortions occurred at the same time.

"what? How are you guys... ... ?"

Even Shiina was surprised. Her face flushed red as her students suddenly entered her private seat. But she was ashamed for a moment and soon frowned.

"Are you following me?"

"Yes? no, that's it As for what happened, we were just sitting in the park and idly idly by. But Shiina-sensei suddenly passed by. therefore... ... ."

"It's not like I was tailing you after all!"

"Hee! sorry!"

Shirone and the others shrank their heads at the same time. According to her personality, she wouldn't end up with just a fire command. However, contrary to expectations, no more sparks fell. She gently opened her eyes to see Shiina, who was lost in thought.

'How the hell did you follow me?'

I paid as much attention as possible and was wary of my surroundings. She didn't go into the Spirit Zone, but her eyes weren't clumsy enough that she was only followed by her students.

"What are you hiding behind? Give it here."

Nade shook his head with a frightened expression. However, when something like murder came out of Shiina's eyes, she hurriedly held out her cloak. Fiercely snatching it up, Shiina made a puzzled expression when she saw her missing arm. As she looped around her waist like her skirt, she became a figure cut from her waist this time.

"Nade. Is this the patented product you are proud of?"

"Yes."

"You mean you really made it?"

"Ha, but not on the black market! I have that kind of conscience."

"Whoa."

At Shiina's sigh, the three of them' shoulders trembled. But she didn't nag her anymore. As a certified 6th-class wizard, being followed by her was more due to her own immaturity than her pupils' fault.

"Then why did you come into this room? Knowing you'd be caught out? What else did you mean by disappointment?"

Shirone said in a trembling voice.

"At first, I followed him as a joke, but when I saw the teacher hugging a man, I followed him. She overhears a conversation outside the door and thinks he's cheating on her... ... ."

"what? Wealth, affair?"

Shiina's face turned red like a carrot. It was the first time she had seen her so flustered.

"Affair! How do you look at me and say that!"

Ned did not hesitate to accept it.

"But it is! How can you not be misunderstood after hearing such a conversation? To take off her clothes, to put her in this position. Who the hell is that person?"

Nade pointed to the man still hiding behind the canvas.

"You mean that?"

A warm voice followed by a squeaking sound from the chair. After a while, a man appeared over the canvas.

Shirone and the others put on a blank expression. He was a handsome man in his late twenties with waist-length blond hair. But the reason I was really surprised wasn't because I was good looking. I saw that the man's eyes were wrapped in shabby rags. he was blind He's angry too.

'what?'

Shirone's face turned pale. The paranormal feeling that I felt every night began to wrap my whole body again.

'Why are you doing this? When it's like this. I've never been like this during the day.'

The fluff stood up and the bones seemed to freeze. Nade, who felt a sense of responsibility as he grabbed her trembling wrist and took a long deep breath, said as he patted his back.

"Hey, Shirone? it's okay? don't worry too much Could it be that the teacher has to kill us?"

"yes? uh no I'm fine now."

Shirone gradually regained a comfortable appearance. It was a tremendous chill that was incomparable to the usual portrait, but it also disappeared quickly.

"Shina, please stop and forgive me. I don't know what's going on, but they look like the students you teach."

"What are you talking about? So I can't be more forgiving. It's tailing. Even so, he said he trespassed on someone else's house. Anyway, I only learned the bad things."

The man smiled benevolently.

"But he is your disciple. With the teacher at home, she must have thought it was okay."

Seizing an opportunity for conversion, Nade intervened.

"haha! We actually thought so too. It's real. Shirone doesn't lie, so ask him. If it was someone else's house, I would never have entered it. We are not petty thieves."

Shirone also nodded his head.

"that's right. Nade really told me that. I definitely heard."

Shiina shook her head as if she was in trouble. It was even hateful to see her twinkle in her innocent eyes, saying that she would try to live somehow.

'How could such naive bastards do such a thing? Anyway, the clever ones... ... .'

It was absolutely not something to say after following a teacher while hiding with an invisibility cloak and entering someone else's house by unlocking it.

Despite the situation, the man was only smiling. More than anything else, he was happy to see Shiina's pupil.

"My name is Armin. Since childhood, Shiinawa has been like her brother and sister. I also studied at the Olipher School."

When Armin held out his hand, Nade quickly took it.

"Aha, that's right. We apologize for our stupid misunderstanding. I'm sorry for suddenly visiting without any notice."

Shiina shouted ferociously.

"It's trespassing! Are you trying to turn this into a sneaky visit?"

"lol. That's why I said I'm sorry. To be honest, we are also happy that the misunderstanding about Shiina-sensei has been resolved."

"I'm sorry, sir. I made a strange misunderstanding."

Shiina put her hand on her hip and sighed. It was awkward for her to run into her students in her private place, so her silence continued for a while.

"Let's sit down and talk. I'll get out of the car."

Armin quickly moved away. When the blind man walked out the door with a precise gait, Shirone and the others couldn't help but be surprised again.

"Sir, who is that? And what do you mean by taking off your clothes? You just misunderstood because of that."

Shiina shook her head as if her suspicions were unfounded.

"Armin oppa is my classmate. He is also the one who was expected to be the greatest genius in the history of the Olivier School. He has become a painter now, but from a young age his talent was far superior to mine."

"You were a great person. But I don't know if it's okay to ask this question, but why are the eyes... ... ?"

As Shiina's face darkened, Nade frowned as if he had asked a pointless question. Fortunately, however, she quickly eased her expression and spoke her words calmly.

"My brother lost an eye to save me."

"Yes? Is it because of the teacher?"

"Around the age of 9, I fell into an overflow. As I vaguely came to know the logic of the world, I became afraid of everything. I think I cried every day. Even thinking about it now, it was a terrible pain."

Shiina smiled bitterly.

"The person who saved me was Armin oppa. You led me out of the darkness into the light. At that time, Armin oppa was 11 years old."

Even though I was 11 years old, I was still a child. However, the fact that she saved Shiina from the overflow was a testament to how talented Armin was.

"I guess you overcame the overflow with Armin's advice."

Shiina shook her head.

"no. I wasn't that strong a kid. He was a arrogant little boy who enjoyed privileges just because he belonged to the Olifer family. I hated her brother at the time. He always used to talk to me like a habit. Whatever comes your way, don't turn your eyes away from it. I got annoyed every time that happened. You close your eyes because you're scared. I can't stand it, so I have no choice but to run away. Whoops. Come to think of it, I was such an idiot back then."

Shirone couldn't imagine Shiina, a certified 6th-class magician, crying in fear.

"Then how did you overcome the overflow?"

"I didn't like seeing Armin oppa, so I used to go out to the mountains, fields, or riverside. Armin found me easily, but each time I ran away again. One day when the tag team continued... ... The incident happened."

Shiina frowned in pain.

"Because it was the rainy season, it rained for several days. Even on such a bad day, I was walking around the river. If you think about it, maybe it just happened that way. Unfortunately, however, the dam blocking the upstream collapsed. I, who was downstream, was swept away by the river without knowing anything. It was a huge flood that submerged half of the village."

Shiina recalled what happened 17 years ago.

He couldn't even scream and drowned in the river. When she struggled to live and die, it was a completely different scene from the riverside she was already at. Building debris and livestock floated upstream, and sharp broken trees floated downstream.

For the first time in her life, Shiina tasted the fear of death.

'Save me. who please... ... !'

I know no one is coming. This place, far from the School, was somewhere between a stream and a swamp, where no one ventured. It is now a river, but no one would have thought that a little girl would be here.

The water washed away quickly. The land seemed so far away that it was impossible to cross the river. The stream, which had been used to pick up pebbles, had turned into a large torrent with a width of 25 meters. The color of the water was dark, and numerous swirls were created as the current split against the rocks.

"Save people! Someone please save me!"

For the first time in her life, Shiina showed her servility. Her pride in being the only daughter of Olifer, a Continental Ten Great School, has lost her authority in the face of Mother Nature's forces. No matter her natural talent, she could not overcome the raging river. All she could do was cry for help.

"Shina!"

As if hearing a revelation from God, Shiina raised her head with all her might. Armin was waiting for him on a tree branch that bent precariously over the river.

"brother! brother!"

"Reach out your hand!"

Armin held out his hand near the surface. The moment Shiina tried to hold that hand, she was swept away by a sudden wave of stones and she was submerged in the water.

"Shina!"

When Shiina reappeared, it was not her face, but her two legs. Armin got it without delay. He quickly submerged in the rapids, grabbed Shiina, and pulled her face to the surface. Shiina, who drank the water, was insane.

"Puha! Pooh!"

"Shina! Wake! We have to get out of the river!"

"Say, live! help me!"

The vortex zone was out of the way, but tougher obstacles awaited. Armin expanded the spirit zone to avoid obstacles. It was the only way the 11-year-old could do it.

=======================================
[57] Gage Symmetry (3)





"Shina! Keep your eyes open! Come to your senses!"

"brother! buy, save... ... !"

Shiina was not in a state to keep her cool. However, it was impossible to cross the river with the physical abilities of two young people. Armin realized he had to do it alone.

'All we have to do is go as far as the Delphonse area. From there, the quantity will decrease because it is a delta. At the current rate, it should arrive in about 20 minutes.'

20 minutes? It was a long time. Can you survive 20 minutes in the rapids with a confused Shiina?

'That's stupid. I have no choice but to do it.'

Armin calmed down. The scene unfolding before his eyes was grotesquely distorted. Broken logs were coming down. He twisted his body with all his might. Even if the water got into his eyes, even if a huge rock attacked him, and even if a sharp tree cut his skin, he moved while repeating reality.

'a little bit... ... little bit more!'

I felt Shiina's tiny hands pinching my waist. The feeling that her fragile life depended on her for everything was miserable, but her spirit was awakened by a greater sense of mission.

After a hellish time passed, the destination began to appear far downstream. But there was no way to get there. A broken tree toward the river was blocking the path.

"Shina, listen carefully. We should avoid that. The only way to do that is to get into the water. your brother will hold you Hold your breath, hold your breath, then rise again. Understand?"

"brother! I'm scared! I can not!"

"I have to. you can do it. trust me!"

"brother! Five... ... !"

When the two vortices interlocked, the speed of the rapids more than doubled. In an unexpected situation, Armin bit his molar. The garbage of the flood attacked like a monster with only my head floating in sight.

Armin was chomping to the point of cramps in his feet. Sharp things scratched his body. Continuing to bleed, his body temperature dropped, and he was losing consciousness. Meanwhile, he came to a tree blocking the road. Even looking at him from a close point, he still had no choice but to get into the water.

"Shina! Goes!"

Armin glared at the approaching tree and timed it. And right before they collided, he pressed Shiina on the shoulder.

"Now!"

Shiina's screaming voice drowned in the water. As Armin pressed down on Shiina, the sharp skin of the tree trunk that was wet with water expanded to Armin's vision. However, all his nerves were focused on the hand holding Shiina. And the moment she passed under her tree trunk she let go of her strength.

'done! Success!'

Armin looked at the tree trunk approaching him with a faint smile. He was fortunate to be able to save Shiina. And even at that moment, he didn't close his eyes.

"Brother!"

I could hear Shiina's voice drifting downstream.



Shiina's story ended there. Her children bowed their heads in solemn hearts.

"I was swept to the Delphonse area and rescued by villagers. Thanks to being out of the woodlands, there were no dangerous structures and even the fainted Armin brother floated to where I was. The people of the school went out and treated it, but the diagnosis was permanent eye damage. Since then, my brother has lost his sight."

"okay. Such a story for the two of you... ... ."

"My brother personally taught me how to overcome fear. Thanks to you, I was able to overcome the overflow. But my brother lost his light. The greatest talent in the school's history... ... That's how it stopped."

Shirone was heartbroken. It is no exaggeration to say that he lost almost all of his eyes to humans. He can't even read books, and learning magic is bound to be a limitation. I could see how disappointed and distressed he must have been without seeing him.

"I met my brother after hearing that he came here three years ago. Since you are developing a painting style that draws light. That's why I volunteered to be a model."

"I see. Not knowing that, we misunderstood for nothing... ... ."

Misunderstanding the relationship between the two as adultery was itself an act of disrespect to them. Just when the atmosphere was about to get dark, Armin brought tea and refreshments.

"Did I interrupt you? It's rare for Shiina to bring up things from the past."

"brother."

"First, listen to the car. It's not nice, but it's got her wife's secret, so it'll fit in her mouth."

"Ah, thank you, I will eat well."

Shirone and the others received the teacup in a happy attitude. He is said to have turned into a painter, but he showed a genius talent for magic 20 years ago. Although they could blame their unfortunate fate, they couldn't look down on Armin as aspiring wizards.

Armin returned to the canvas and offered a seat in the back.

"ruler. Then I guess I'll have to work on it too. Can't the guests wait over here?"

"Ah, yes. Sure."

The three of them took a teacup and moved their seats. As Shiina positioned her on her bed, Nade looked at her and asked.

"Hey, I'm really sorry for asking this question, but you're not painting nudes, are you?"

Now that I knew that Armin was a painter, I didn't care what kind of art he did. However, I thought that it would be difficult for Shiina to do so in front of his disciple.

"ha ha ha! No matter how blind you are, you cannot ask too much of your beloved sister."

"But I heard earlier that you should take your clothes off..." ... ."

"Oh, that is it. Shiina, can you show me?"

Shiina opened the closet and took out a coat made of silver foil. She was so dazzling that it was hard to even look at her as the light reflected. Shirone said, covering her face with her hand.

"wow! It is very bright."

"You can't see things accurately with the Spirit Zone alone. He coats a person or object with a luminous body and feels the light. In that sense, a tinfoil coat is a very good tool."

"It is unique. To feel the light and paint."

"In exchange for losing an eye, I can draw what other artists cannot. But today is the last time I draw Shiina. A good sponsor appears and we have to move in within a few days. So I wanted to bring out Shiina's natural feeling. When I put on her coat, I feel that her beauty is fading."

Shiina's cheeks turned red.

"Your brother is really... ... A nonsensical voice."

"haha! What do you think? In my head, you are still a nine-year-old kid."

"Okay, let's get to work quickly. When Keira comes back, you won't be able to work."

Shirone and the others wiggled their fingers and toes at the subtle and itchy air current. It was clear that they were like brother and sister, but they were not related by blood. The reason why Shiina reacted more violently than usual to the rumors of her affair may be because she still has some lingering feelings for Armin.

"Then let's begin. I'm drawing according to my feelings, so it will end earlier than usual."

As Shiina took a stance, Armin grabbed charcoal and began drawing out a rough outline. Shirone and the others watching from the back admired his skills. It looked like a rough drawing, but the lines followed Shiina's outline.

"wow! Awesome."

"Shh."

Iruki raised his index finger and warned Nade. Not being able to see the eyes is a fatal flaw for a painter, so more concentration than usual would be required.

However, Shirone tilted her head. It was really strange. Even without a luminous body, Armin was accurately transferring even the detailed features of Shiina onto the canvas.

'How is this possible? Is the density of the spirit zone that high? Even so, this detail... ... .'

If the spirit zone has considerable density, precise descriptions may be possible through synesthesia. It was the same principle as leaving footprints in the mud. However, I know that even Jonathan Etela has not reached that level.

The drawing has become more precise. Shiina had a beautiful smile that was rarely seen at school. Armin used the bread like an eraser to perfectly embody that smile on the canvas.

Shirone burst into exclamations inwardly. He was told that one of the most difficult things for a painter to express is the lips. This is because the feeling changes according to the subtle changes in the corners of the mouth.

'I see. This is impossible.'

No matter how high the density of the spirit zone is, it didn't make sense for a blind artist to catch even this part. The thought gave me goosebumps, and a sense of portrait revived again.

"there... ... Armin."

"Yes?"

Armin smiled and shook his head slightly. Shirone pondered for a moment whether it was okay to ask this question. If he was wrong, he would have done him a great disservice.

"Are you Armin... ... ."

But I couldn't bear to ask. The chill of the supernatural sense penetrated deep into his bones.

"Can't you see the eyes?"

Armin's hand, still smiling, stopped abruptly. Calmly putting down the charcoal, he turned to Shirone and said.

"Yes. I can see."

Shirone was speechless. Are the eyes really seeing? But why did Shiina-sensei not know?

Armin, who had completely turned towards Shirone, removed the cloth covering his eyes. Numerous scars were carved around the closed eyes.

'It's obvious that you're hurt, but how can you see it? No, you were covering your eyes from the start, right? But what you see is... ... .'

"You must have a lot of questions about me. I will show you."

As Armin slowly opened his eyes, Shirone's breath stopped. There were no pupils. It's hard to say that it's a substitute, but the empty eye socket was filled with bright light.

"Yes, Nade, Iruki! see that one? yes?"

Shirone slapped Nade on the thigh in a sense of urgency. But the feeling through her hands was strange. Hardness as if touching an object. Turning his head to look at his friends, he jumped up with a look of astonishment.

"Nonsense! how?"

Nade wasn't even moving. Iruki was also looking at the canvas with a smile on his face. She hurriedly moved and looked at Shiina, but it was the same. She just stayed there, as if she were a wax figure. Armin approached behind Shirone, who was in confusion.

"It's been a while since a guest came to my room."

"No way, this... ... ?"

"Yes. you're right. It is the magic of stopping."

Shirone turned around with a bewildered expression. Stop is a magic that only wizards who use the speed of light can do, and throughout history, those who have reached this level have been counted on their hands. In a word, he was experiencing the absolute realm of time magic.

"Sit. Let's talk calmly. Because I have a lot of time."

"haha... ... ."

Shirone laughed awkwardly. Certainly, if time had stopped, time could be said to be infinite.

"Actually, I was nervous while drawing. You never know when Shirone-kun will come into the station field at this time."

"How did you know I would notice?"

Armin pointed to the light embedded in his eye socket.

"The organ called the eye takes in light and reconstructs it into visual information. But I, who have no eyes, feel the world through light itself. It's a pretty terrible experience. The shape of an object that normal people perceive looks completely different to me."

"It's called Idea."

There is no guarantee that the human senses will accept the truth. Maybe the bricks are as soft as jelly. The fire was cold, and a lover's sweet kiss might have been painful.

"Let me introduce myself properly. I am Armin of Gwangan. A sorcerer known to those in the know as the Eternal Reflector."

"But Armin did magic when he was little... ... ."

"Yes. It was an unfortunate accident. He left the Oleifer School and wandered aimlessly for 15 years. A world of only darkness."

=======================================
[58] Gage Symmetry (4)





Armin recalled that time.

"Not being able to see is like missing space. When space disappears, time also disappears. Then, in the dark, I came to a realization. The fact that my existence is already out of time. That's how the stop magic was completed."

Shirone's heart pounded. It felt like I had heard the essentials of stop magic that countless time wizards had not been able to conquer.

"There is nothing to admire. It's not really a superpower. It can only be done within the radius of the Spirit Zone, and there are significant restrictions."

Armin looked back at Shiina, who was frozen in time.

"He is a good brother. He is a child with a soft heart as much as he pretends to be strong. Do you think so too, Shirone-kun?"

"haha! well. I don't know if he's weak, but I'm sure he's a good person."

"How do you feel now? Is my sister beautiful?"

"Oh, yes, of course. They are also popular at school."

"So what? If time is stopped, can we do weird things?"

Understanding Armin's words, Shirone blushed.

"What are you talking about? Maybe Armin... ... ."

"Do not worry. Because it's impossible. Currently, we are in a state where the mass converges to zero. In fact, if it had no mass, it would disintegrate, but the point is acceleration. That is why stop magic is called the realm of the speed of light."

"That was the reason Nade was hard when I touched him. Because they had no mass, they couldn't even bend their collars."

"Yes. infinitely weaker. But it's also true that no one can touch us. That is the true meaning of stop magic. How did you know you would notice, I asked? It's simple. It's because I also gained the same enlightenment as Shirone-kun."

"If it's the same realization... ... no way?"

"Yes. It is an immortal function."

Shirone's heart thumped. There is a person in front of you who has directly experienced the immortal function that no one has given an answer for. It was also the highest ranking magician in the time series.

"Immortal function is the realization of the essence. The essence is one, so the wavelengths of Shirone-kun and me resonate. It is also called portraiture."

"What is an immortal function?"

"It is a gateway to infinity. Shirone-kun opened it up. In the wizarding community, these people are called Unlockers."

After thinking for a moment, Armin asked a question.

"Perhaps... ... Didn't you feel your ego disintegrating when you opened the immortal function?"

"that's right! At that time, I thought it was really disappearing."

"If it had lasted, it would have been. When the spirit transcends the number end, the spirit zone expands to infinity. But humans are finite beings. That is why Unlockers embrace infinity through their own Spirit Zones."

After hearing the explanation, Shirone said with a teary face.

"Then what should I do? Even the best wizards are wary, but I didn't know anything at the time. Maybe that's why I have nightmares every night, and I feel paranormal even when I'm alone."

Armin reassured Shirone with a soft smile.

"It is the natural order. If you were able to control it from the beginning, you wouldn't have opened Immortal Function. A sense of portrait is what Shirone-kun feels for himself. Because we still don't know what the enlightenment gained through the great expansion is."

"How do I know?"

"You will realize it yourself. It's just that you can't put a name on what you already have."

"But... ... ."

Looking at Shirone's uneasy face, Armin recalled his former self. Well, no matter how much I said that I would realize it on my own, there was no way it felt real.

"like. Then let me tell you. The name of what Shirone realized is gauge symmetry."

"gauge... ... Symmetry?"

"This world must be perfectly balanced. But in reality the symmetry is broken. Shirone experienced that gap firsthand. That is probably the cause of the paranormal."

Shirone kept chanting the word gauge symmetry like a mantra. But like magic, nothing came to mind.

Armin said while patting Shirone's head.

"You don't have to worry about anything. I don't mean to stop doing anything, but in the end Shirone-kun will reach it. Then you will understand what I mean."

Shirone took a deep breath and nodded. Although his mind was not yet organized, he knew that today's meeting would be a huge turning point in his future.

"Thank you very much. If I hadn't met Armin-san, I might have fallen into overflow, as Shiina-sensei said."

"As much as Unlockers share the same wavelength, they bond deeply. Of course, that bond sometimes turns into a big fight. Anyway, I'm glad it helped."

Armin looked back at Shiina with a friendly smile.

"I think I need to leave the room of time now. Because I have to finish the painting before her wife comes back."

"Oh, come to think of it, you said today was the last day, right?"

"Yes. There are grandiose nicknames, but first of all, my main job is a painter. I plan to pack up and leave within a few days starting today. You won't be able to see Shiina for a while."

"I'd rather tell the teacher... ... ."

Armin shook his head.

"Shiina is still suffering. Even if I didn't give up magic, the lost eye wouldn't come back. Besides, she is already married. I want to help her live her Shiina life."

Shirone understood Armin's feelings. He doesn't want to see his younger brother, whom he cherishes more than his life, get caught up in the past.

"Yes. I'll keep a secret too. Thank you so much for today."

"I also enjoyed it. Shirone."

Armin covered his eyes again with a rag. As he sat back on the canvas, time began to pass. Nade and Iruki's breathing could be heard, and Shiina's smile became lively again.

Shirone felt like waking up from a dream. He couldn't believe that he had been talking to Armin a little while ago.

Time flew by in heightened emotions. After completing the painting, Armin turned the canvas to Shiina.

"how? Do you think it turned out well?"

"Yes, it is pretty."

"You've been through a hard time. It was an honor to be able to draw you."

"brother is. We are no one else... ... ."

A feeling of regret passed through Shiina's eyes. Then, when she heard her footsteps downstairs, she jumped up in a fright before saying goodbye. Is it already time for her wife to return? She was faster than usual, but she wasn't in the mood to think deeply.

"brother. Then I'll be gone. Come on, you guys too."

Shiina tried to leave as if to run away. She, who is more confident than anyone else at her school, was scared just because Armin's wife was coming, and Shiro's party was upset.

"Honey, do you draw?"

Keira stuck her face out. Contrary to the expectation that she would be as calm as Armin's personality, she was a lively woman in her early twenties. Her Shiina and her eyes met, and she made a surprised expression.

"Oh, Shiina-san? Come to think of it, today was the day you came."

"Hello, Keira. long time no see."

"Iknow, right. Why is it so hard to see your face? Are you avoiding me on purpose? Ho-ho-ho!"

Shiina caught on to her fainting spirit.

"Ah, my brother and I are done working. I just want to go."

"Now that I'm here, what is there to do? Let's go eat dinner."

"Thank you for your words, but I have a promise... ... ."

"Hmm. Do you think this is suspicious? Honey, did you do something suspicious with Shiina-san when I was gone?"

"Keira, watch your words."

Armin's brow wrinkled. There was no case even for Shirone to think. The teacher was careful about his behavior from beginning to end, but to say that he did something suspicious.

Shiina, with her face flushed, left the room while putting on and drying her coat. Shirone's party, upset by her feelings, also followed her, glancing at her Keira. But whether it's because she didn't notice, or if it's good inside, Keira smiled at her and waved her hand.

"Goodbye, kids. Next time you come, my sister will make you something delicious."

Naturally, no answer came back. Seeing their cold attitude, Keira tilted her head and murmured.

"oh? what mistake did i make? Why are your expressions like that? Didn't you really do something strange here?"

"Stop playing around and come down. Because I want to say hello properly."

"tooth. Anyway, if it's a younger sister, I can't use it."

Armin quickly descended the stairs. Shiina also waited outside the door, probably thinking that she was not very clear at this rate.

"I'm sorry, Shiina. Her wife is so kinky."

"It's fine. Anyway, if we break up now, I don't know when I'll see you again. In the meantime, do well. and healthy."

"yes. you work hard too Still, seeing how good he gets along with his students, he feels relieved. He was honestly worried about whether he would do well. ha ha ha!"

Shiina burst out laughing. Armin would be the only person in the world who could treat himself as a child. Because she was the only person with whom he shared memories of his immature childhood.

Shirone's heart was touched. It seemed that she now vaguely understood why the genius recognized by the kingdom decided to become a teacher, why she was so obsessed with overflow, and why she had shunned men to the point of earning the nickname "Frozen Shiina".

"Then I will go. Write me when you can afford it."

"yes. I'll say goodbye when I settle down. And Shirone, Nade, and Iruki. work hard. I'll be hearing the names of you who have grown into great wizards, even from far away."

"Yes. I'm sorry today."

Shirone and the others expressed their sincere gratitude. If it wasn't for Armin's consideration, the work wouldn't have ended so safely.

Armin stayed there until Shiina disappeared. Keira, who was leaning against her door and crossing her arms, said with a cold expression.  

"Armin, calm down. You don't know what will happen if the higher up finds out that you're immersed in sentimentality."

Armin also turned to Keira with a displeased expression. For three years she lived under the guise of a married couple, but she was a woman I really didn't like.

"Whatever feelings I have, they are my heart. Do a mission report. Is the investigation over?"

"Perfect. There's nothing more to see in Creas. I have to go to Calberra in the next 15 days. I have to pass through a dangerous zone, but with Armin of the Gwangan, it won't be a problem, right?"

"You don't need to talk unnecessarily. I will keep my promise."

Armin said it clearly, but Keira was not relieved. Although he was picked up by his superiors for his excellent insight and genius magic skills, he was a free-spirited man who could leave the organization at any time.

"Couldn't you have told Shiina?"

Armin didn't answer.

"I don't want to harm you. Of course, I know you can't capture the Eternal Reflector by any means, but even so, you're only human. The moment you betray the organization, everyone you love will experience hell. Not only Shiina, but also the Oleifer School."

It was a terrifying threat, and it was also true. The organization Keira belonged to had enough strength, power, and brutality to survive.

No matter what happens, Shiina must be protected. In that sense, meeting Shirone was fortunate. Today's variables that no one expected would one day lead the situation to an advantage.

"No need to worry."

Armin turned to Keira and said with a smile.

"Since Shiina doesn't know anything."

Shiina under the moonlight (1)





Returning to school, Shirone and the others looked at Shiina anxiously.

The atmosphere was good when she was with Armin, but you never know when she will change her mind.

=======================================
[59] Shiina under the moonlight (2)





However, Shiina didn't say anything, just staring at the ground as she walked.

Seeing her despondent appearance, Shirone's heart was heavy.

If it hadn't been for the accident in his childhood, he could have developed a good relationship with Armin.

However, he couldn't blame Armin for getting married. He voluntarily left Shiina in order to alleviate the guilt of his dear sister.

Nade grumbled as if he didn't like it.

"Sheesh. I don't know if I really know the relationship between a man and a woman."

"I can't. Not everything in the world goes the way you want it to."

"Damn it! He was so cold at school, and honestly, I don't want to see him like that."

Nade, who clenched his fists and was indignant, moved quickly and approached Shiina.

"Teacher."

"Uh, huh?"

"We are hungry. I've already come, so please buy me some food."

Shiina made an absurd expression. The home invasion they committed today was an issue that was not enough to be disciplined by the school. Asking me to buy rice in such a yard calmly.

"You are very fast. Does the rice go over in this situation?"

"How are you? Even if you are punished, you have to fill your stomach. After all, you learn magic to make a living, right?"

Shirone intervened.

"Yes, sir. Eat rice and go in. I am hungry too."

said Iruki.

"In that sense, if I had to suggest one thing, I think it would be better to fall into the aristocratic district. After all, the school is close, and I know a very delicious and expensive restaurant there."

Even Shiina's will to get irritated disappeared. Although the attitude of her students was natural, she had a vague idea of ??the reason for this. She didn't want to go back to her school in this mood either. Anyway, today is a holiday.

"Okay, okay. You must be tired from doing bad things, so let's eat. But when you go back to school, you'll have to be prepared."

"Hi-Hi! Yes!"

Nade winked at his friends. The primary purpose is to relieve Shiina's mood, but he also calculated the room to try to dispel his discipline by dragging out time.

The noble district was lined with all sorts of luxurious shops. Iruki took Shiina to the most splendid store. In front of the six-story building, Shirone opened her mouth wide.

It was different from the entrance as well as famous aristocrats. Pillars carved entirely of white ivory supported the ceiling of the balcony, and marble carved with phantom beasts protected the left and right sides like prayers.

Restaurant Gold Cupid.

It was a top-notch restaurant where all food was premium.

"wow! I haven't been here either. I'm going to be really good today. Shirone, let's go in quickly."

"uh? that's it... ... ."

Shirone looked at Shiina. As expected, she was looking up at her sign with a rotten smile. It was the most expensive restaurant in the neighborhood, so it was understandable. Above all, there was no way Iruki would have chosen a restaurant like this unless she was thinking of stripping her teacher.

But Shiina was not angry. She let out a sigh as if she could not do it, and then she entered the entrance coolly.

"yes. Let's eat here."

"Oh oh! our teacher! After all, the distribution is different!"

Iruki joined Nade's flattery.

"Stupid. It would be difficult to evaluate the teacher's distribution to this extent. If you're a certified 6th grade wizard, you can go in and out of a store like this like the bathroom. Isn't that right, sir?"

"It's okay, so hurry in. Instead, we just eat and go straight to school."

Shirone, the first restaurant exclusively for aristocrats, was surprised by the size that was revealed from the moment he crossed the threshold. As if by magic, the size seen from the outside was completely different from the size seen from the inside.

Tables were sparse enough to think it was a waste of space, and on one side was a bar decorated with colorful crystal lights.

Of course, the customers were nobles, and it was clear that they were popular people in Creas just by looking at the accessories they wore.

"Shirone! This way!"

Shirone, who was in a state of fascination, headed to the table at the sound of her friends calling. Nade and Iruki also looked around from time to time, but they didn't look nervous.

A waiter came over and took our order. It was a greasy impression with a swallow's head, but Shirone and the others were quite displeased when the eyes toward Shiina were quite sticky.

At school, they are between teacher and student, but outside, a man must escort a woman. However, the waiter didn't even care about the students and only focused on Shiina.

"Welcome, sir. Thank you for visiting Gold Cupid. Especially since such a beautiful person personally visits the store, I don't know what to do."

Even if it was said that it was a trick, the intentional ignoring of Shirone and the others was visible.

'Sheesh. You said it was a top-notch restaurant, how did you train the staff? Even if you don't feel comfortable with it, do you think the teacher will pay attention to a flirt like you?'

Nade's stomach was boiling. His eyes scanned the price tag on the menu board. the most expensive food It was my intention to give the waiter a shot at treating me like a child.

Iruki thoughtlessly ordered the courses one after another. Nade, who gained momentum, ordered another course dish.

Shirone was still struggling. In fact, it was the only menu I didn't know about. How do you know if the braised olaris is meat, fish, or monster tongue?

However, if you notice, you will not fall out, so I calmly ordered something like nade. I was uneasy about the menu that Iruki ordered.

The waiter's face grew pale as menus catering only to VIPs were lined up. My first thought was whether they could afford to pay. All dishes have a premium, but there is a difference of more than three times between the lowest price and the highest price. If the ignorant kids were mistaken, they could have had to pay 12 times the expected price.

The waiter looked at Shiina with anxious eyes. But she was choosing her own menu as if she didn't care.

"I would like the Tasco course, please. A bottle of Limounes."

Shiina doesn't like to drink, but sometimes when she's feeling down, she drinks cognac. Limunes is a distilled water with a faint vanilla scent. Although it is expensive, it has a good aftertaste and is popular among women.

"uh? Sir, would you like a drink?"

"Isn't it going to be okay? You guys pick locks on other people's houses and go in, but I can't even drink?"

Nade smiled shyly.

"haha. That's right. Oh right! Teacher, were you off work today?"

Seeing the waiter stick out his tongue and leave, Shirone and the others exchanged glances and smirked. However, as reason gradually returned, anxiety settled in their eyes. When I thought that all four of us had ordered a course, the price tag popped into my head. It was only then that she began to worry that she had acted in vain, but Shiina didn't care.

The income of a certified 6th class wizard is in the top 10% even in aristocratic society. Furthermore, since he was working at Alpheas Magic School, one of the five most prestigious schools in the kingdom, he was able to fully enjoy his life without touching the wealth of the Olifer school.

'Come to think of it, it's a very successful life. My teacher.'

A life chasing dreams, not a life chasing money. However, Shirone, the son of a mountaineer, knew better than anyone that it was not as easy as it sounds.

With four course dishes, the food was brought to the table without interruption. The people sitting at the other tables glanced this way with tired expressions.

Shirone and her friends didn't care and were frantic to steal each other's food. Nade and Iruki are aristocrats, and Shirone also learned table manners, but among his friends, dignity was useless.

Forks and knives flew across the table, but Shiina just smiled as she watched the apprentices enjoying themselves.

As we were full and the flavor diminished, we talked about magic like a magic school student. It was a fun and beneficial place for Shiina as well. Her laughter didn't leave her, and her depressed mood was relieved, so Nade's strategy worked.

"Hehehe. Teacher, this bulcho disciple will offer a drink to the respected master."

"huh! Do you think I'll see that? It's a place to eat, so I'm not saying anything. Be prepared when you return."

"Yes, yes, is there any? Now, take it."

Nade's outstanding sociability shined even in such a place. Even though she was Shiina, as if she didn't particularly hate it, she took the drink as he gave it. Cognac was quite strong, so she asked Shiina anxiously.

"Teacher, aren't you eating too much?"

"Huh, it's okay. This much doesn't matter."

"Nothing. He's a certified 6th-level wizard, but he's not someone who's only going to lose to alcohol."

Nade was positively accepting whatever Shiina said. She was ready to believe that the fork was a trident.

"What? very desperate But it's really okay. I'm on the heavy side."

Receiving Shirone's worried gaze, Shiina passed the strong sake straight again.



1 hour later.

"Hey you! I mean, you! Nade."

"Yep. Teacher."

Shiina, who raised her elbows on the table where the tableware had been removed, was sobbing with a red face. On the other hand, Shirone and the others were standing upright and sweating coldly.

Within an hour, the bottle of cognac was empty.

Shiina's tongue was twisted and her eyes were slightly out of focus. Shirone and the others, unable to even turn their heads, exchanged glances with only their eyes moving.

'It happened. The teacher is drunk.'

Shiina, who muttered something in a low voice, suddenly lowered her head. Cera Nade, who was about to fall from her chair, hurriedly grabbed her arm.

"Teacher, are you okay? I have to go back now."

"You troublemaker!"

Shiina raised her head and pulled Nade's cheek mercilessly. Nade was dragged away with a painful expression on his cheeks that stretched like sticky rice.

"Ouch! sick!"

"I mean, listen carefully. I also want to be a good teacher like teacher Etella. I'm saying don't be distracted by strange things and study hard."

"Yes Yes! All right, sir! It really hurts!"

"And Shirone, Iruki. you!"

"Yep!"

Shirone and Iruki straightened their backs even more and took a stance with a tight angle.

"So are you. I won't forgive you if you just believe in your talent and try to move around. I don't care if you think I'm a bad teacher. I will not forgive you."

"I don't think anyone is bad. So, get your mind right."

"Whoa. yeah i know Why did I buy it and suffer like this? Mmm."

Shiina's eyelids half closed and her head dropped. She then ended up burying her face in the table with her feet as pillows.

"Sir, you need to wake up, right? Teacher? You haven't even counted yet?"

"Come to sleep. I will sleep."

"Teacher?"

Shiina didn't respond.

Nade looked back at his friends with a puzzled expression. But she said there was no countermeasure against them. While she was struggling with how to get out of her predicament, two men who were watching from the table across from her walked over.

"You've been drinking a lot, Mrs. Shall we have the wagon waiting?"

A dapper-looking young man spoke to Shiina. Behind him was a Honam-type man with a smirk.

The eyes of Shirone and the others became cold at the same time. I've already noticed since I came here. That they had been keeping an eye on Shiina from the beginning and talking about obscenity.

"Teacher? Teacher. Come to your senses."

It was best to wake Shiina up and leave as soon as possible. But when I tried to straighten her upper body, she finally couldn't stand it and fell back on the table. The man who had caught the word teacher in Nade's words made his eyes shine.

=======================================
[60] Shiina Under the Moonlight (3)





"Aha! You were an educator. nice to meet you I am Cosine Silver of the 4th rank of nobility. My father is serving as the secretary of Creas. With all due respect, he fell in love at first sight. If you give me the good fortune to take you home, I will know it as an infinite honor."

Shiina twisted her upper body. But instead of looking at her silver, she supported her forehead with both her hands and let out a sigh.

'Ha, annoying. I wanted to get drunk today.'

It seems that only bad things happen today. Aren't you showing weakness to your students, being ignored by Keira, and now having strange men clinging to you?

A bitter smile formed on Shiina's lips at that thought. She may be the image of a woman who has just lost her own self-confidence.

'Whoops. Still, there are people who like me. A woman like me who has an outrageous personality and has no compassion.'

I've never felt love for anyone. Even when Armin showed up with Keira three years ago, he didn't feel betrayed. But there seemed to be some hope. That feeling of what it would be like if we met again. But can it really be called love?

"You made my introduction too grandiose. sorry for this I guess I had a strong desire to look good because I met a woman I never wanted to miss. Please forgive me if it was rude."

"it's okay. I'm tired, so please stop."

Shiina was really tired. Of course, with the mental strength of a certified 6th-class wizard, sobering up wasn't difficult, but the unrealistic drowsiness of alcohol was still necessary.

"Leaving a woman alone is not chivalry. I'll take you in a carriage. Lean on me."

When Silver grabbed Shiina by the shoulders and took a posture to support her, Shirone and the others immediately rebelled.

"What are you doing? Don't touch the teacher carelessly."

"There must be some misunderstanding, but I'm going to take you there. It's nothing for the kids to get involved in, so you guys should stop going back. You just have to ride a carriage."

Silver tried to support Shiina with a fight. Then Shirone grabbed his wrist. The face of Silver, who was a good sheep in front of Shiina, was distorted in an instant. Being ignored by a woman is tolerable for a certain purpose. However, his pride did not allow him to be treated like this by a child.

"Hey, cheeky little boy. Where did you learn this kind of haircut? Let go of this hand when you say good things."

"The teacher says you don't like it. please stop Because the teacher will be served by us."

"Young bastard's children are peeling their feet. Looking at it earlier, you guys were the ones who drank. where are you guys at school Do you want to get all expelled?"

Shirone's expression turned cold. The reason she dared to mention school was to pressure Shiina. This is because if a teacher makes an accident in a place like this, it will go up in gossip.

said Iruki.

"After all, that means you've been looking this way since a while ago. Then I don't think it's even more your business to intervene? And let me tell you one more thing, the teacher here is not someone like you would flirt with."

"you? Did you just call me you?"

"Then what do you call yourself? Should I call you a pervert?"

"Such a foolish bastard!"

Silver changed his drunkenness into anger and grabbed Iruki by the collar. But immediately his side tingled and his hands lost strength. Silver frowned, grabbed his stomach and stepped back.

"Ouch! what?"

Nade was generating electricity in the palm of his hand.

"go away. I'm going to burn your lower leg next time."

A Honam-type man who was waiting to use force if necessary came up behind Silver with a serious expression on his face.

"Hey, those guys are magic school students."

"Magic school? Alpheas Magic School?"

Silver's expression wasn't good either. The magic school was different from the schools that ordinary aristocrats attended. Furthermore, Alpheas Magic School was one of the 5 most prestigious schools in the kingdom, where only the best nobles from across the country flocked to it.

As Silver rolled his eyes and concentrated on grasping the situation, Iruki snorted and approached him.

"You're saying you're going to expel us?"

"No, that... ... ."

"I am Mercodyne Iruki. If you can expel me, do whatever you want."

"Me, Mercodyne?"

It felt like all the alcohol I drank was broken. Even if Creas was a provincial city, there was no one among the nobles of the kingdom of Tormia who did not know the surname of Mercodain.

It was the most educated family that had not been deprived of the head of the 'Yongroe', the king's advisory body, as well as the first rank of the aristocracy for hundreds of years.

As Silver's pupils trembled rapidly, Iruki made a displeased expression as if he knew that. Wherever you go, there are so-called 'family' aristocrats. Even so, the reason he threatened Silver in a hateful way was to protect Shiina. I know that he is a guy who doesn't even have a pulpit to do tricks, but he cut off his buds because he could use his weakness as a teacher to harm him. Of course, it didn't seem that she, a member of the Olifer school, would be shaken by something like this.

"Let's go, Silver. Hey, Silver!"

A Honam-type man pulled Silver's arm. Silver also thanked his friend for saving his face and ran away. Even after they disappeared, Shirone and the others couldn't calm down their anger. Seeing that she openly played tricks on Shiina, it was clear that they didn't care. It would have looked even more ridiculous because of its small size.

"The water here is very bad. After all, you don't know just by looking at the sign. Let us never come again."

"yes. anyway let's get out Because I am also dark."

"Teacher. Are you okay?"

"Well. are you okay. Let's stop."

Shiina, supported by Nade, struggled to get up. Her sudden twist of her flies annoyed her too, but she wasn't in a bad mood. What was there to be afraid of when her disciples were reassuringly protecting her? Even a certified 6th grade wizard was just a woman who was accustomed to being escorted outside according to the laws of the nobility.

Suddenly, the disciples looked cute. Shiina, who happily paid for the dinner, staggered out the door.

The moon was floating in the sky.

As the moonlight poured down from the cloudless sky, Shiina let out a moan filled with joy.

Strangely, I felt good. Maybe it's because of the alcohol, but maybe it's a new leap today. It occurred to me that for the first time I would be able to live my life out of the shadow of Armin. Maybe it's because of the alcohol... ... .

"Ah, it feels good. I feel so good today."

Shiina looked up at the moon like a girl and spun around. Shirone and the others who had just left the store opened their mouths in a daze.

Did the alcohol melt her frozen heart for a moment?

With her purple hair undone, she was beautiful under the moonlight. It was also interesting to see her trench coat spread out like an umbrella and spinning around. People wandering her night streets turned her gaze to her, but no one clicked her tongue or made her face.

That's why Shiina's appearance was lovely.

Shirone and the others didn't want to stop it either. Rather, I watched with interest the drunken appearance that I could not normally see.

"Your teacher was like that. Are you sure about this?"

"Perhaps... ... Didn't we catch the scoop?"

Iruki's eyes widened and he was lost in thought.

"Hmm. You mean it could be used as a weapon? A weapon that can prevent the dissolution of the Research Society."

"I think it can be done if you put it together properly. Shiina-sensei isn't the type to perjure. Wouldn't it be embarrassing to recall the memories yourself?"

While Nade and Iruki were plotting, Shirone pointed at Shiina and shouted.

"Hey! Me, over there!"

Shiina's footsteps, circling the same spot, were twisted. Like a top that had lost its rotational power, she was about to collapse sooner or later.

"catch!"

It would be a waste to fall down in front of people. Shirone supported her back, and Nade and Iruki held her arms on both sides.

"Teacher, calm down. The teacher needs to be fine so we can go to school."

"Uhm. I'm dizzy."

Shiina staggered with a ruler. Would she be sane after emptying a bottle of cognac in an hour and spinning around dozens of times? It was like she drank punishment, not alcohol.

"Hey, hey! I can't. Shirone, carry me on your back."

"What? why me?"

"But you are the strongest among us."

Shirone sighed. It is a situation where three 18-year-old boys are gathered, but all of them are unable to sleep and eat, so their physical strength is lower than their peers because they are concentrating on magic training.

At least Shirone had a track record of climbing mountains and trees since she was a child, so she was more muscular than her friends.

"I can't. Then, put the teacher on my back."

"Don't be so hateful. Do you think opportunities to raise teachers will be common? I would rather die of envy."

Nade's expression didn't look envious at all. Rather, she was smirking slyly with her relieved eyes.

"Sheesh. If you can't speak."

With Shiina on her back, Shirone moved on. After leaving the nobility area, the number of people decreased noticeably. Leisure activities were just a luxury for commoners who earned every day.

"But Shiina-sensei is surprisingly small. When I put it on my back, it looks very small. I always thought she was about the same height as me."

"It must be a psychological problem. The original teachers look big."

"is it? But it's surprisingly heavy again. It gets harder and harder."

Iruki nodded and smiled.

"Quack. I'm a human, but I'm not heavy, right? All women are made up of bones, muscles and flesh. Couldn't she have thought that it was light as a feather?"

I didn't think so, but I vaguely expected it to be light. But she couldn't get over the fact that she had never even held a woman's hand, let alone carried her on her back.

"Nope! I know that much. But this is really hard. I don't think I'll be able to go to school."

"If you can't go, we can't go either. Just bear with it and walk."

"Can't I use magic? You can float it with air magic."

"Anyway, even though I'm a teacher, that's a bit... ... ."

When I thought about it, it seemed strange to me. In the end, Shirone, who was forced to become a palanquin, grumbled at the thought that she was being unfair.

"There are three men, but what's wrong with not having one woman? At times like this, I envy Lian. If it was Lian, he would be able to carry me on his back with Shiina-sensei on his back. She would rather learn the schema."

Nade and Iruki remained silent. To be honest, it was a situation that made me feel ashamed because I couldn't carry a single woman on my back.

But really, women were heavier creatures than I thought, and they didn't have as much physical strength as they only knew books.

"What can I do? The only exercise I could do was breathe. I have confidence in using my brain."

Iruki snapped his fingers.

"Then you can use your hair. You're learning the schema right now. Shirone, how are you? can you do it?"

"Does that make sense? What do you do with the schema all of a sudden?"

"You can try. In my case, I also did Spirit Zone at one time. Could it be that you guys didn't?"

said Nade.

"No, I did succeed at one time. It worked right away after I got the hang of it and started it. Shirone, how are you?"

Shirone, who had been struggling with Shiina's weight, raised her head.

"yes? Oh, I did it at one time too. In fact, I didn't even know it was a spirit zone at the time."

Can you enter the Spirit Zone without even knowing it? Iruki, who thought that was just like Shirone, giggled.

"It is peculiar. Anyway, so I'm going to try it right now. Aren't the basic principles the same?"

Listening to it, Iruki's words seemed plausible. Of course, there is such a thing as aptitude, but it wasn't like taking on a challenge.

"Is that so? Do you really want to try it? In fact, my arms are so sore that I'm about to die."

=======================================
[61] Shiina under the moonlight (4)





Nade encouraged.

"Do it, do it. First of all, it is to project the image of the body in the state of no self. after that... ... ."

"I know what it is. Wait a minute. Just focus."

When her friends were silent, Shirone closed her eyes. The state of no self right before entering the Spirit Zone. From there, her body image is projected and the senses of her whole body are awakened with insight!

"Ugh... ... Aaaaaa! Oh, no. It's getting harder."

Iruki said while holding back a laugh.

"Idiot, will it be real? Being specialized in the Spirit Zone means you have no talent at all in the schema."

"Puhahaha!"

When Nade burst into laughter, Shirone raised her ax eye and looked back at the two of them.

"Mr. Lee, I won't do it! change!"

In the end, the three of them decided to take turns carrying Shiina.

However, Nade spread after half the distance Shirone had walked, and Iruki couldn't move even ten steps at all.

Shirone, who lifted Shiina up again with her wobbly arms, was speechless.

"Hey, don't we look really stale?"

"It's rude to say something you can just think about, Shirone."

At the end of Nade's words, the three of them shut their mouths. It wasn't that I was in awe. I was just too tired to talk.

By the time we arrived at school, Shirone suddenly spoke up.

"There you are... ... . Let's stop doing that."

"Is that it? Like what?"

"Negotiating with Shiina-sensei about what happened today."

"Hmm."

It was true that Nade was also stabbed by his conscience. However, it was a matter of nothing else but the survival of the study group.

"But there is no good way. Did you think of a way to save the research society?"

"doesn't exist. But I think it should be separate from that. Honestly today... ... It must have been a very sad day for Shiina-sensei. I don't know the details, but it feels like it."

It was a fact that everyone felt. I said goodbye to the person I had in my heart since I was young. Shiina was a strong person even if it ended with just one drink.

"But isn't it strange to be so sentimental? Why do we live? Except for the use of the head, it's a corpse. In times like this, you have to be cool. There's no way to save the research society right away, so why do we have to overdo it?"

Iruki's words were also persuasive. If you make a wrong judgment based on your emotions, the future that will unfold is a series of difficulties.

Nade was also slightly inclined.

"Hmm. To be honest, Shiina-sensei is a difficult type to deal with. You have no weaknesses. Oh, how could we have even thought of this? It's true that this is a unique opportunity."

Iruki chimed in.

"He has a rough personality, is thorough in planning, and meticulous in managing students. Especially since you heard it before. She didn't hesitate to talk about going out with Shirone to prevent the overflow. What can we do against such a tight-knit opponent?"

'These... ... !'

Shiina, who had been listening with her eyes closed, burst into tears. She was in a bad mood and her body was tired, so she tried to be carried quietly, but she couldn't listen.

"But now you know."

Shirone said.

"Why did the teacher choose to become a teacher and why was he so obsessed with overflow? Shiina-sensei doesn't want us to walk the same path as her teacher."

"Yeah, but... ... ."

"No matter what a teacher became a teacher for, it is important that he truly cares for us. But what about us? You're trying to attack the teacher's painful past as a weakness. Even the senior members of the research society wouldn't want to see their juniors ruined this much."

This time, even Iruki couldn't refute. A mage is always looking for efficiency, but if he leans too far on efficiency he misses what is really important.

"... ... You always hit the mark at times like this."

Nade, having made his decision, spoke lightly.

"great. Let's keep the teacher's work today as our own secret. How is it, Iruki?"

"I have no complaints if I can't relate to the work of the study group. To be honest, I think Shiina-sensei is the best when it comes to education."

"Well, we are the villains. It's rare to find a teacher who takes care of students like Shiina-sensei. Besides, compared to what we've done, you've really looked at it a lot."

said Iruki.

"I'll give you this time. It's a study group thing. If the three of us put our heads together, won't there be a solution?"

Shirone said.

"So are you going to do that? Even if you are punished tomorrow, what happened today will be taken to the grave. Never speak out!"

"great! Bid!"

Once I got out of the torture of hope, I felt more at ease. Shirone and the others moved more diligently with a lighter heart than before. No one knew that Shiina, who was sitting on Shirone's back, had opened her eyes at some point.

I saw the front gate of the magic school. A half-exhausted Shirone noticed a guard standing there holding a torch and stopped. It was not yet past midnight, so the night shift hadn't come home.

"What do we do? I don't know what kind of rumors will spread if I go back like this. Besides, aren't we going out without permission?"

"I can't. Let's use magic from here. I'm going to float Shiina-sensei, so you support me."

"wait for a sec. Put the teacher down for a while. Iruki, help me."

As I bent my knees, the weight on my back suddenly disappeared. Surprised, Shirone looked back at her and found Shiina standing upright. Her drunken form was gone and her eyes were as clear as the stars.

"Sir, sir?"

The collapsed Shirone sat down on the ground. If you were able to walk, what would you become if you had suffered so far?

"Teacher, are you really okay?"

"then. Did you really think I would get drunk?"

Shirone let out a rough breath and wept.

"But how come... ... ?"

"If you ate an expensive meal, you have to pay for it. Did you mean not to suffer this much? follow me anyway If you want to go in finely."

Shirone and the others followed Shiina as if possessed by a ghost. Her guard, recognizing her, lifted her sleepy eyes and greeted her.

"Ah, good night, Shiina-sensei."

"Yes. Thank you for your hard work."

"By the way... ... Did you go out with the students?"

"Yes. I took him on a field trip."

"Ah, that's right. Welcome back. Have a good night."

School rules prohibit students from entering at night, but there was no doubt about Shiina's words, who had a high reputation in the school.

Terrified, Shirone and the others quickly passed the school gate. I was afraid that the guard would call me from behind. When they reached Central Park safely, Shiina turned around and glared at them.

"Hee!"

Shirone and the others could finally feel it with their skin. That he had returned to Alpheas Magic School.

"I'll just let go of what happened today."

When the unexpected words came out, Shirone and the others looked at Shiina in surprise.

"I'll give you another month from today. That's the best negotiating card I can offer."

Shirone and the others realized what they meant. Initializing the grace period meant that we should try a real sword fight.

"Find a way to convince the school in a month. Whether you hold a presentation or bring a ghost, that's up to you guys. If you really take pride in the study group, fight the school with confidence and get what you want. That is my view of education and the way I love my students."

Shirone and the others were in tears. It was hard to believe that Shiina, not someone else, had said this.

"Yes! To expect! It will surely amaze the school!"

"right! Being embarrassed is not our style! This time, let's really think about it properly and try it!"

Shiina gave a bitter smile as she looked at the students who had regained their confidence. It is true that when their motivation is high, anxiety first subsides, but on the other hand, I was excited to see what great things they could accomplish.

'Whoops. Try hard. You disgusting disciples.'





Invisible (1)





Shirone, who visited the study group later than usual, raised his hand weakly when he saw Nade and Iruki lying on the sofa.

"hi."

"Did you sleep well last night?"

"do not know. I don't even know if I slept. What are you guys?"

"It's the same. what do we do now We had an all-night meeting yesterday and didn't come up with any good ideas."

Shirone sat down on the sofa and said.

"I have to make a decision today. Let's come up with a solution."

"So how? Supernatural psychic science is an invisible phenomenon. But humans don't believe in what they can't see."

The same story as last night was being repeated. Tired of even talking, they stared blankly at one place. It felt like my brain was empty and turned into a blank slate. No matter how much time passed, Shirone's eyes returned to focus.

"How about changing your mind?"

Nade and Iruki jumped to their feet. I don't know what kind of words will come out, but it's definitely different from the patterns that have appeared so far.

"how?"

"So this is the dilemma we face. That there is no way to show the invisible."

"yes. That's a big problem."

"So what I mean is, if you can't see it, you don't have to show it. Would you say that you've been clinging to the impossible? I wonder if it would be okay to find a way to not show it."

The saying that it doesn't matter if you don't show it is also in line with the saying that you don't have to hold a presentation. But his friends were not disappointed. Rather, I was lost in thought that I had realized something.

"If you can't verify it, it means you don't have to verify it."

"Exactly. The reason I joined the study group wasn't because you guys showed me something. If so, wouldn't it be the same for others?"

A small smile crept across Iruki's lips.

"Why didn't I think of that? That's right, verification didn't have to be done from the beginning. There was no need to show us what we didn't know. On the contrary... ... ."

"You're making them believe in the invisible?"

Nade was convinced that this was the answer he was looking for. He left immediately and hugged Shirone and rolled over.

"Shirone! Come on! You saved our study group! You can take my first kiss!"

"Ginger! go away!"

While Shirone and Nade did a great distance on the sofa, Iruqi was lost in thought. It was from now on that it was really difficult.

"Then what should I do? Shirone's words are the solution, but it has to have the character of a presentation anyway. In the end, tangible results are necessary."

Nade returned to his seat. Shirone also brushed her tousled hair. It wasn't the time for him to be fooling around.

"Think about it. what to show."

The three of them put their heads together and discussed. Once the strands were caught, the ways to come to mind were endless. The gist was something that made you believe in the invisible.

"Wouldn't it be better to be aural? It is easy to design."

"It's not efficient. But it's not effective. We also have to think about whether the school will accept it."

"Then let's do something visual. Hearing if possible. You're giving everything you can."

"Then what do you visualize? supernatural? psychic?"

"Supernatural is not popular. Do you think you're in good spirits?"

Nade raised his hand.

"I also vote for the psychic. There must be spirits, ghosts, psychic phenomena, etc. Which of these?"

Shirone said.

"Wouldn't a ghost be better? Because it's intense."

"But don't you want to be childish?"

Nade put on a skeptical look. However, Iruki saw that Shirone was right.

"In my opinion, ghosts are better. The key is to have a strong penetration into people's thoughts."

"Ugh. No matter how you think about it, it's childish."

Shirone said.

"The first thing to think about is effectiveness. Anything else is a secondary issue. I don't think there is any need to give up."

=======================================
[62] Invisible (2)





"Is there anything you have in mind?"

"Let's set a psychological trap. Like this."

Shirone called his friends and explained the strategy. After hearing the story, Nade and Iruki didn't say anything. Shirone, who lost a bit of confidence, added his words.

"Even if it's not necessary to do it this way, won't the odds go up if you do it once? For example, if you use keywords... ... ."

Iruki shook his head.

"No, Shirone, I think it will be fine. It's not good enough, but I'm sure you'll succeed. This is pretty bizarre. With this method, the recital can be used as a double track."

After the overall picture was drawn, Shirone and the others began to plan a detailed strategy.

"The remaining problem is this. How do you make a ghost?"

The technical part was Nade's specialty. When he got up from the sofa and cast Lightning Shadow, another Nade made of electrical afterimages appeared.

"If you cast Lightning Shadow in this way, you can create a realistic ghost shape. But no one will be fooled by this. Because I can't move."

"Then you can start thinking about it from there. What should I do to make the ghost's image move?"

"This is what comes to mind right now. For example, to make the Lightning Shadow move, you need to cast magic at great speed."

Nade moved forward while casting Lightning Shadow in succession. It was disconnected, but the afterimage seemed to be walking.

"Right. You mean you can use optical illusions to make it look real?"

"right. But magic alone has its limits. Moreover, I can't increase the number of objects with my level."

Shirone asked.

"How about using a mechanical device?"

"It is not as easy as it sounds. Even if you make a device, there are a lot of things to consider. The biggest problem is that just moving doesn't fool people. To really look like a ghost, you have to be responsive to external stimuli."

For Nade, who had made a hologram device, the degree to which the illusion of a ghost is realized is not a problem. But if you can't react to people's actions, you'll quickly notice that it's fake.

Iruki, who was struggling with something, said.

"People's reactions... ... How about predicting in advance?"

"Predicting reactions?"

"It introduces the complex system theory. It analyzes all the behavioral patterns of the public and programs them. A way to create the illusion of receiving feedback. But it's a huge amount of information. We need a medium and control system to convey the information."

"Hmm. is information transmission. Certainly there are limits to my electrical power. then... ... ah!"

Nade looked back at Shirone.

"Photon output! There was Shirone's photon output!"

"Aha. With photon output... ... ."

Shirone also thought there was a possibility. It was a magic learned to take the targeting test, but I heard that research on transmitting information with photon output is in full swing in the sharp edge of the wizarding society.

"It's sorted out now. Nade creates a hologram device. I'm going to write a program for the device. It is the Shirone's photon output that transmits my program to the device. It will probably require a lot of output, can you do it?"

"You must do it. How did you seize the opportunity?"

It was a ray of light in the darkness. Nade was thrilled that she had hope for something she thought was impossible.

"can do. You can protect the study group. Of course, assuming there are no accidents."

"If you succeed, the school will turn upside down, right?"

"Isn't that enough? There will be an uproar. i'm going to walk here Besides, I think it would be so much fun. Cheek. Are you already looking forward to the teachers' reaction?"

Shirone and the others looked at each other and smiled meaningfully. With the survival of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society at stake, an unprecedented event in the history of magic schools was about to happen.



* * *



Shirone spent time increasing the power of the photon output. The key was to increase the strength of the output while increasing the retention time. Photons with no mass cannot be used as offensive magic because they cannot exert physical force, but this time, that characteristic was rather an advantage. This is because you can go into any warehouse in Estas and train.

Shirone raised her concentration with a magical action with both hands out and cast photon output. A ray of light spread in a circle on the wall. First of all, it was time. If you couldn't hold out for 10 minutes in this state, increasing the output was a dream come true.

Shooting photon output for 10 minutes is beyond the level of Class 5, but Nade's hologram device and Iruki's complex system equation were equally challenging anyway.

'I have to do it. I... ... .'

Shirone gritted his teeth and endured. After 3 minutes passed, my consciousness became hazy. At the time of the speed gun test, a single photon output lasted only about a minute. Compared to that, it was a remarkable growth, but still far short of the target.

"Huh! Ugh!"

The time he endured with all his strength was 3 minutes and 20 seconds. In the next 15 days, I had to increase this time to 10 minutes. After he measured his record, he must rest 20 minutes. It was a training that could be life threatening if you neglect rest.

Sitting down, Shirone paid attention to the noise coming from the next room. It seemed that Nade had gone into welding. During her break, she decided to take a look at the situation there. When she opened the door to the room next to her, Nade was buried in all sorts of parts.

"Hey, are you here? What about output times?"

"so so. increased by 20 seconds What about that one?"

"As you can see, we're still working on the engine."

"Can you make it on time?"

"You have to match. Do not worry about it. The original prototype took time. Once you get into the production process, even if you find an error, it's difficult to correct it. That's why I'm taking my time and doing it meticulously."

"I see. Anyway, what happened to what Iruki said?"

"Oh, that? got it yesterday this."

Nade threw a finger-thick string at Shirone's feet. The outer shell was made of rubber, and a transparent membrane like quartz penetrated the inside. It was an item that Iruki had specially requested from his father, who was the head of the dragon, and airlifted it.

Since 300 hologram devices were planned to be installed in the elements of the school, it was impossible for Shirone to cast photon output on all devices alone.

At first, Nade thought of a mirror. When Shirone casts a photon output, it was transmitted to the mechanical device using the property of total reflection of light. However, there were too many sections where the light had to be bent to be realized in reality.

Nade wondered what it would be like if there were a lot more mirrors. He came to the conclusion that if you attach a mirror to a small hose to make a tunnel through which light passes, you can create a bending effect like differentiating a straight line.

Nade proudly announced this. If she could make it, she added, from that day on she would sit on a cushion of money.

But Iruki broke colic. In the letters from his father that arrive every month, various issues of the Wizarding Society are written, because the same item Nade mentioned in the letter a few months ago was already introduced. The name was 'optical fiber'.

Nade's disappointment was indescribable. Even in the ivory tower, which is at the cutting edge of magic, it was a field that had just entered development, so even Iruki regretted it.

But when he received the item and analyzed it, Nade shook his head. His sophisticated engineering skills were accumulated to the extent that he could never make it with his current level.

'Still, you thought the same as the ivory tower. Nade is really amazing too.'

Shirone took the fiber optic and examined it closely. He couldn't tell what was so great about seeing it with his own eyes.

"Still, I managed to save it."

After welding, Nade rubbed his red eyes and stood up.

"Even on the Ivory Tower side, it's in its early stages, so you won't be able to expect performance. Let's start with a demonstration. I have something I made as a tester."

Nade handed over the modified optical fiber to Shirone. Unlike the one shown earlier, a transparent orb was attached to the tip.

"What can I do with this?"

"Just hold onto it and cast Photon Output. I'll calculate the efficiency, so try it now. Instead, you have to pour it all out. Because measuring the maximum is important."

Shirone grabbed the crystal ball and cast photon output. The break was over anyway, so there was nothing rough. A light source formed in his hand, and the crystal ball glowed pale. The needle began to wiggle in Nade's device, which was connected to an optical fiber. Nade, who had been watching the instrument panel until the 3-minute limit had passed, said in a sullen voice.

"Haa, Iruki is right. Is this a very early development? Well, should I consider this level of intelligence?"

"Isn't it so bad?"

"Efficiency is only 18 percent. That means only 18 percent of the amount of light you send out will reach its destination."

"18 percent... ... ."

The moment he heard it, even Shirone collapsed. It was said that if the transfer efficiency is 18% in a situation where even maintaining the photon output for 10 minutes is far away, you have to increase the output by five times to reach 100%.

"Shirone, can you do it? You'll never succeed if you don't increase your output. The high-output energy of magic cannot be realized even with machines."

Shirone nodded her head as if she was suffocating the camp.

"I'll try. If you practice, you'll be able to do anything."

"Can you really do it?"

"yes. Do not worry about it. 'Cause I'll try to do something Then I go back to practice."

"Really? Are you really doing it?"

Shirone turned her head and shouted as she left the door.

"I got it!"



* * *



Shirone sprawled out in the warehouse and gasped for breath. After casting photon output for half a day, the aftermath was reaching beyond the mind to the body.

"Whoa! Whoa!"

The last recorded photon output was 3 minutes and 20 seconds. There was no difference from the record measured in the morning. However, it was as if there was a result because it was a record reached in a state of mental exhaustion. Considering that the record had dropped to 2 minutes and 34 seconds an hour ago, it was effective to fight hard at the last minute.

'Even so, it is an extremely insufficient number. How can I achieve 10 minutes with this?'

It may have been impossible from the beginning. Since the photon output is an ejection type, it consumes mental power much faster than single-shot active magic. Maintaining such magic for 10 minutes was only possible in the world of the pros.

"Ha, I don't know. I'll try again tomorrow in good condition."

Nade opened the warehouse door and came in.

"Shirone, are you done?"

"uh. I can't even die today I need to get some rest."

"I'm dying of exhaustion after only seeing Spark. It's past midnight. Let's go back to Iruki."

Has the time ever been like that? When I calculated it, it was only outputting photons for more than 7 hours. It was a life-threatening level of training. If the school found out about this, they would definitely be banned from practicing magic.

Shirone struggled to get up. Nade's face was also nonsensical. Her eyes were sunken, and her complexion was red from the long exposure to the light.

Returning to the study group, Iruki was quickly playing with his pen, laying out a bird's eye view of the school. It was solving the behavior pattern into an equation, taking into account the variables that would occur on the day of the operation.

Nade looked at him anxiously. Neither Shironena nor herself, nor Iruki seemed to have moved her hips once since they were attached.

"How are you, Iruki? Are the calculations good?"

Iruki said without taking his eyes off the notebook.

"so so. Don't worry, I can make it on time."

Nade was heartbroken because his excessive greed seemed to hurt his friends' bodies.

"Was that too much to ask for? To be honest, calculating all the behavior patterns of all students... ... ."

"you can do it. Because you can. don't talk Are you busy now."

After that, Iruki closed his mouth. The formulas were written down frighteningly quickly on the notebook.

=======================================
[63] Invisible (3)





Obsession close to madness and bliss.

Shirone was creepy. Everyone had been immersed in their work, forgetting to sleep for days. When I did the calculations, it seemed that the average sleeping time per day was only about 1 hour and 40 minutes.

Even when Shirone was studying hard, the workload wasn't like this. But strangely, I didn't feel as tired as before. It was as if the pain had been numbed.

'I usually play around like that, but when it's time to do it, it's scary.'

Seeing him so devoted to his field that he literally wastes even sleeping time, Shirone felt an unprecedented desire for achievement.

"Nade, are you tired?"

"No, not at all. No, are you tired? Actually, I don't know. I feel like my head is open."

"Me too. Since Iruki is working on it, let's start with the script. I also need to make the text for the poster. Little things like this take time to do."

"Oh, is that so? Then, let's put up the poster first tomorrow."

"Are you okay? We're not even at the stage of predicting the amount of work yet."

"I will have to bear it. It is best to make announcements as soon as possible. I don't want to show an urgent tee. Since it's psychological warfare, shouldn't we consider this aspect as well?"

"That's right. Then I will make the poster text, you think about the design."

The two laid the paper on the table and started making posters. It was late at night, but their minds were still bright.



next day.

Toward the end of lunchtime, a poster was put up on the bulletin board. It was a guide to the presentation of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society. Most of the students were bewildered. Even the name was unfamiliar because they did not carry out official activities like a shadowy research society. In particular, the poster was ignorant enough to make me laugh out loud. The scenery of the magic school was distorted to create a dreary landscape, as if looking at a poster for a circus performance.



Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society surprise presentation!

A shocking revelation! Those who want to know the identity of the soul, please gather at the 7th lecture hall.



"Psychic science? What is that? Are you talking about ghosts?"

"There was a study group like this. I don't think there's really anything dirty to do. Who are you? The kids who got into these stupid study groups?"

"what? Guys, look at this."

The female student pointed to the bottom of the poster. The students' eyes widened when they discovered the names of the research members.

"Are you Shirone-senpai? How did this happen? Is there anyone with the same name?"

"Can that be? He's the real Shirone-senpai. Next to me is Mercody Iruki and Nade-senpai."

"By the way, are there all three? Was it made for performance evaluation? Anyway, this is crazy. Why is there a study group like this?"

"When is the presentation? Shall we attend?"

"I want to go. Since Shirone-senpai is there, I'm interested for some reason. Did you really uncover the identity of the ghost?"

"If you see it, you will know what. Crunchy! Anyway, it will be fun."

The students turned away without thinking. It was the atmosphere of going to see a play performance, not an academic conference. On the other hand, those who operate in the shadows, such as the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, could not hide their wonder. Those who gathered to avoid the attention of others whispered.

"What happened? A presentation at the Super Psychic'?"

"According to my intelligence, it seems that you and Shiina-sensei were at odds with each other. I guess it was meant to stick together. But can there be any? It's not the old psychic meeting. The glory days are over."

"I can't be certain. Iruki is a Servant, and Nade's skills cannot be ignored. The new member Shirone also has a history of disbanding the Black Magician. I don't think it will end like this."

"Quack. Black Magic was the only kid in the lower class. Let's watch anyway. If the First Spirit is gone, there will be a full-blown war. About the position of the second owner of Estas."

"It won't be easy. Because the Women's Human Body Research Society has been eyeing it for a long time. The 'Golden Wheel', an economic research society, is also preparing to open the black market. It must be an opportunity to secure a portion."

"huh. Our doll collection society is also not easy. I swear by my sweet Poco. The 'upper part' of Istas is ours."

Their eyes burned as they recalled the upper levels of Istas, which had only come down to legend. Those who know about the Supernatural Psychic Research Society and those who don't. Each situation is different, but everyone expected that this presentation would be a hit.

On the other hand, the parties had no time to care about such things. There was only one thought filling their heads.

Why is there only 24 hours in a day?

What if a day was about 200 hours. No, even if it's not possible, if I had at least 48 hours, I would be able to create perfect results.

But he was not foolish enough to waste time delusion. The three of them were proceeding with the work while breaking the day into as many small pieces as possible.

After successfully developing the prototype, Nade held a demonstration in front of Shirone and Iruki. The hologram device was a hemispherical machine that looked like an overturned rice bowl, with output terminals lined up on the outside. While Iruki set the function on the device, Shirone held onto the fiber optic crystal ball and waited.

"Shirone, try using Photon Output."

"Are you okay? Aren't you still at the perfect level?"

"It is the same for us. You have to demonstrate it first so you can find things to improve on."

"okay."

Grabbing two crystal balls each, Shirone cast a powerful photon output. Electricity was generated from the output terminal of the hologram device, and a translucent human figure appeared. There is a limit to the sharpness that can be achieved electrically, but Nade thought it was better. This is because the appearance of the ghost imagined by the students will also be like this.

"This is a hologram."

The ghost was a soldier in ancient armor. His face was terribly marred, and bones were exposed all over his body.

"Once the frame is fine. Iruki, it's your turn this time."

Iruki activated the controller Nade made. Although there are only four buttons, dozens of patterns can be expressed because they can be combined. Each time the button was pressed, the hologram of the soldier performed various actions. Iruki was satisfied as he watched the soldier walk through the warehouse.

"For now, there is no problem with the function. we can go like this Now all that's left is Shirone. Are you okay? On the day of the presentation, the number of devices will increase dramatically."

Shirone, who tried it himself, was also worried. The power generation can be restored with Nade's electricity, but the problem was the ability to transmit information. It was because the mind was quite tired even with only one hologram device operating.

"I will do my best. Still, the fact that the retention time is increasing is hopeful. So now Nade will go into mass production. Is Iruki over?"

"No, I still have a lot to improve on. Considering the psychological changes, it will take a year to analyze. I'm thinking of a probability of about 5% or more as a practical variable. I'll make it in time, though."

"First of all, since the prototype came out for me, I have to open up the odds from today. No time to rehearse. Let's stick to our respective roles for the rest of the time."

That's what he said, but everyone knew that Shirone was the one with the most burden. Even if a few devices break down, even if Iruki's function is a little different, the operation will go ahead anyway. However, if the output is weakened, the strategy will not even be attempted, and the students will laugh at it.

'Limit 10 minutes. If I can't reach that point, the recital will be one mana.'

Returning to the warehouse, Shirone reviewed the training process so far. Mental strengthening comes in the form of rebounds. There were very few cases of gradual strengthening. A zig-zag pattern of falling and rising. Moreover, the greater the fall, the greater the rise.

"The more you push your mind to its limits, the greater the scope for reinforcement."

It was the conclusion Shirone came to. If he borrowed this method in physical training, he would not be able to endure it for a month and his body would break, but his mind had the elasticity to withstand high levels of stress. Especially for Shirone, whose strength is durability, there was no better training method than this.

Driving yourself to the brink of destroying your consciousness.

That much pain would be involved, but this was the only solution to break through the current difficulties.

'I have to beat my mind more!'

The size of the light source reflected on the wall was getting bigger and bigger.



* * *



It was the last day I promised my friends.

The time was getting closer to midnight. The warehouse where Shirone was training was as bright as daylight with photon output light. Shooting photons with both hands, Shirone closed his eyes tightly and bit his lip. His body twisted and his legs writhed in pain. His consciousness seemed to melt. It was something I might go crazy if I went on like this.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Shirone scooped out even a handful of mental strength. The next moment the light disappeared like turning off a faucet. He heard a thud as he fell on his knees in the darkened warehouse.

"Huh! Huh!"

Cirone crawled to her knees and slammed the button on the gearwheel clock to check the time.

10 minutes 32 seconds.

"Ha ha ha ha ha... ... ."

It was an unbelievable result that made me laugh out loud.

The photon output was maintained for more than 10 minutes. It was thanks to the experience of thousands of mental rebounds in a short period of one month. The spirit zone has become stronger and the power of the main magic has also been raised to a level higher than that of Class 5.

The iron door opened and Nade, who had not been seen for days, entered. He had to walk around the school wearing an invisibility cloak, and his complexion was much worse than before.

"Shirone, training is over. Time to rehearse."

Nade, who knew that Shirone's goal was too high, deliberately did not ask about his achievements. Shirone, who was pouring out sweat, threw her cogwheel time watch. Receiving it, Nade's eyes widened. 10 minutes 32 seconds. It was a shocking number.

"you... ... . Did you really do it?"

Shirone raised her thumb and said with a smile.

"Achieve the goal. Let's heat it up."



* * *



Alpheas Magic School 7th Lecture Hall.

The presentation was at 5:00 pm, but from an hour before, the lecture hall was full of people. Rumors spread and spread, and most of the students gathered to observe the presentation of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society.

"wow! A lot of people. I also heard the name of the research group for the first time. After all, stars are different, right?"

I admired the line that Seriel had lined up. She didn't know much about her research club, as she had been promoted to the graduating class after her speedgun test in Shirone was over.

Amy also had a look of surprise. It was a great thing that Class Five, especially a study group with only three members, could attract so many people.

"You must have had a lot of accidents. In any case, it was a box office success."

"I didn't know that Shirone would be friends with Iruki. When you live and die, look at when you die now and you can't live."

As the two stood in line, the advanced class students became agitated. It was the seniors of the graduating class who came. The badge of Class 3 on the collar, but even seeing it, the eyes of awe turned on.

"Wow. This is senior Amy. Is such a crappy presentation something that seniors in the graduating class are going to watch?"

"You fool. Shirone's boyfriend is Amy-senpai. Even Seriel sunbaenim always stuck with me when I was in the advanced class."

"It is, but... ... Then, who are the seniors over there?"

The attention of the students was focused on one place. Amy and Seriel also looked back and looked surprised.

"oh? Amy, look over there. Is Caden here?"

Cayden from Class Two had his hands in his pockets. Richard of Alchemy around. Electric Monster Licorn. There were many talented people of Class Two, a holy name for the advanced class children, such as Sona's Hercy.

=======================================
[64] Invisible (4)





However, even the seniors of Class 2 were only supporting actors compared to the popularity of a man who had just entered the line.

A handsome man, dressed in ready-to-wear and with his hair neatly brushed back, was leisurely looking up at the sky.

It was Ardino Fermi of Class One.

When Class One, the pinnacle of magic schools, appeared, the atmosphere became solemn. Seriel also realized the seriousness of the situation and whispered.

"Even if we are like that, isn't it strange that we came all the way to Fermi because we weren't good enough?"

"I didn't come because of Shirone. Do you know what the seniors who just arrived have something in common?"

"Um, well? Is it difficult to make friends?"

"That's right. It must be a research society that operates in the shadows. It's like a black magician. Of course, it is on a different level from them."

"Oh right. I heard that the research society that Shirone joined is also quite notorious. But Fermi is really surprising. I don't know about the other kids, but he's popular, right? Even be kind."

"That makes me feel worse. It always seems to be up to something. Let's ignore it anyway. Seniors aren't seniors or anything."

All 30 seniors were competitors. Each year, 10 graduates leave the school and classes are assigned according to the grades in the graduation exam. Therefore, the current Class One students were those who did not rank in the top 10 in last year's graduation exam.

The reason why they cannot be dismissed simply as dropouts is because they are at the top of the pyramid. In any competition, the higher you go, the smaller the difference in skill. If it is class one, there is almost no difference in superiority or inferiority. The condition of the day, the presence or absence of a strategy, concentration and choice will separate graduation from elimination.

None of the students could ignore Fermi. Rather, I was surprised that the person who is currently at the forefront of the magic school had visited the Class Five presentation.

Fermi's appearance spread quickly by word of mouth, and by the time the presentation time approached, more than enough lines were running after each other to fill all seats.

When the entrance finally opened, students rushed in. The front row was reserved for teachers, and students filled the seats in the order they entered. Amy, who arrived early and waited, sat next to Seriel close to the stage.

"What is this fuss about to show you?"

No matter how you think about it, this level of success was strange. It was extremely rare for class one to come to the presentation of the advanced class. It's not just a presentation. In a tense atmosphere, Amy waited for Shirone to come out. The lights in the hall were turned off.



* * *



A ray of light fell into the darkroom. A spotlight swept all over the stage and illuminated the boy standing in the center.

"Hello everyone. Thank you for coming to the presentation of the Paranormal Psychic Research Society. My name is Nade, and I am the president of the Research Council. Today we would like to introduce you to the human soul. Then, we will start the presentation from now on."

Applause poured in. About 3 seconds after the spotlights went off, the stage brightened like dawn and a gloomy mountain scene was revealed behind the stage.

"The children have prepared a lot."

Alpheas said with a satisfied expression. In general, presentations are evaluated by the teachers, but this time, Alpheas was also a special observer and looked at Shirone's achievements.

On the other hand, Shiina was still not inspired. Replacing the stage setting with an electric curtain rather than an artifact was a great idea, but if the content was poor, no matter how wonderful the technology, it would be a failing grade for a research presentation.

Nade moved to the end of the stage and narrated.

"520 years ago from now. Before Alpheas Magic School was established, this place was a small slash-and-burn village. It was a time when people who lost their country in wars of conquest wandered around. Today, we would like to tell you the story of a woman who came here to a slash-and-burn village to escape the war."

After the darkness passed and the light came on, Iruki, dressed as a soldier, limped onto the stage.

"Geuuuuuuu! I'm hungry... ... I'm hungry... ... ."

Laughter erupted from all over the audience.

"haha! What is that?"

"Hey, Rani. What play is this?"

Nade made up for the lacking parts through narration whenever there was no line from Iruki.

The gist was this.

It was the same soldiers who came to the refuge in the war of conquest.

But they were not alive.

They were hungry spirits who wandered the world, possessed by evil spirits, and then entered the slash-and-burn village after smelling raw flesh.

After showing off the grotesqueness of Preta and Iruki disappeared behind the stage, Nade dressed as the male lead appeared before he knew it.

"Ah, my dear Olia! Why does a noble bloodline like you have to suffer in the middle of a mountain like this? If it is possible, I would like to sell my soul to restore it to its splendid glory, but it is a pity that I cannot do that."

The vocalization and acting were quite good. However, the children who came thinking it was a recital were really confused when they went into a play. Moreover, when Shirone, dressed as a woman, rushed out onto the stage opposite Nade, it was almost fainting.

"Noah! Noah!"

Ha ha ha ha ha!

The students burst into laughter, no matter who they were. Shirone, with her waist-length blonde hair draping around, was truly womanly. Her waist was tied tightly to emphasize her line, and even her chest came out as to what was put inside her clothes.

"Ah, Amy."

Embarrassed Seriel looked back at Amy. As expected, she was watching her play with a rotten smile.

Because Nade, the commentator, participated as an actor, the two conveyed the situation through conversation.

It was a simple plot.

Noah and Olia were promised a future by the children of aristocratic families, but the family was shattered due to war, and they eventually returned to a slash-and-burn village to continue their love.

"I missed you, Olia. my love. my everything. I love you."

"I love you too, Noah."

Shirone and Nade looked at each other and hugged each other. Anyone could have predicted what would happen next.

The highlight of the play is the lover's kiss scene.

Among the countless audiences, the most excited person was definitely Seriel.

"Ji, are you really doing it? huh? really? What can I do?"

Amy swallowed, feeling nervous like never before. She didn't think men would kiss each other for real, but if she was a play, she didn't know.

As the tension in the audience increased, Shirone closed his eyes and Nade slowly showed his face.

"Quaaaaaagh!"

Iruki suddenly appeared from behind Nade and bit his neck. The shocked audience screamed as screams rang out from the sound system.

No one expected that Iruki would appear. This is because it is impossible to produce such a directing with only the stage setting. Shirone wrote the script aiming for this point. He thought he could scare people with his invisibility cloak. As the tension increased, the audience gradually fell into the play.

After defeating Nade, Iruki pretended to eat his flesh. The sounds of bones crunching, flesh chewing, and screams and screams mingled from the sound system.

"no! Noah! Noah!"

When the soldier who ate the raw flesh disappeared, Olia held the dead Noah in her arms and cried out. Her story escalated to tragedy, and Olina, half distraught, uttered her curse words and then took her own life with her own dagger. The students also kept silent in a solemn atmosphere at the sight of a man and a woman who died towards each other.

The dark war passed, and Ned, who returned as a commentator, reappeared on stage. Everyone is waiting for his narration, when suddenly Olia stands up and bursts into insane laughter.

"Knock-knock! won't forgive I will kill them all."

Before the audience had time to calm down, Olina killed people at will. Then, as he screamed and disappeared off the stage, the story came to an end.

Nade walked to the center and continued his explanation.

"It was six months ago when we discovered this story. It was thanks to an old diary I found while tracing the history of the magic school."

Nade took out a notebook and held it. A notebook from 520 years ago, buried in the soil. But in fact, it was made hastily a few days ago.

"Our members, well versed in psychic science, immediately launched an investigation. And then I realized a shocking secret that no one knew. It is the fact that the ghosts of that time still roam this school."

Dang. Dang. Dang.

A bell started ringing backstage. Students listened to familiar sounds. It was the chime of midnight.

"At midnight every night, hungry demons roam. This must be a sure proof of the existence of the soul."

The children frowned. It was because he hadn't even seen a suspicious person, let alone a ghost, in all the years he had attended school.

"I bet you have never seen a ghost. Because we did too. According to supernatural psychic science, the soul has properties that are visible only to the eyes of the believer. Because the mental frequency has to match. This is the reason why we decided to hold a presentation. Now that you know the history of the ghosts, your frequency is tuned right in. From today, when the midnight bell rings, you will be able to witness ghosts wandering the Nine Heavens."

Nade gave one last wink.

"If you're lucky, that is. This concludes the presentation."

Silence enveloped the hall as Nade said hello and disappeared backstage. There was not even a sound of applause, and the atmosphere was cold.

The students shuddered at the sense of betrayal and despair. It's a classic theatrical performance to say it's a research presentation and do it at best.

"what? was it just a joke? I thought I would show you something great."

"We were stupid for expecting it. Honestly, how can you prove a ghost? Totally fooled. Hey, I came here for no reason."

"It's at the level of Class Five anyway. Shirone and Irukini talk a lot, but when it comes down to it, there's nothing special about it. hey let's go I just wasted time."

The mixed voices of the students were heard from here and there. Since they were studying while saving their playtime, it was a waste of time to spend on such a childish presentation.

As the students left one by one, Mark and Maria came back down the procession to greet Amy and Seriel.

"Senior, hello. How are you?"

"Yeah, it's been a while."

"How did the seniors see it, this presentation?"

It seems that Mark was also absurd. Especially since he was aware of Shirone's genius, it was all the more difficult to accept today's presentation.

But Amy had nothing to say. She had no excuses, no excuses to pack. All was visible, and the presentation was over.

But Seriel was still on Shirone's side.

"I originally prepared something, but it must have gone awry. or time wasted. maybe something like that Right, Amy?"

"Anyway, it's true that it failed. Anyway, I should have guessed that when I heard she hangs out with the weird ones. Let's go too."

When Amy left first, Seriel pursed her lips.

"How can you be so indifferent to your lover?"

"haha! That's Amy's charm. Maybe the person who is most upset right now is senior Amy."

After hearing Mark's words, Seriel's sorrow also went away.

Even after the students left the lecture hall, the teachers were still unable to leave their seats. To be honest, I couldn't even figure out what to write on the evaluation sheet.

'Why did you do this? I'd rather not do anything.'

In particular, the shock received by Shiina was enormous. She held such a prank presentation in the presence of the principal, not anyone else. I was at a loss as to how to deal with this situation.

=======================================
[65] The Invisible (5)





Shiina threw the evaluation paper away and apologized to Alfeas.

"I'm sorry, Headmaster. He came to observe in person."

"haha. It was a difficult task. Isn't that what supernatural psychic science is all about? Don't mind it."

"I will make sure to pay close attention."

Alpheas raised his hand as if he was okay and walked towards the doorway. But just before he left the door, he turned around and looked at the empty stage. The corners of his mouth, hidden by his beard, rose.

'If it was going to end like this, I wouldn't have even started. isn't it? Shirone?'



* * *



"done. Stage 1 has been completed safely!"

Regardless of the reaction of the audience, Shirone and the others rushed to the study group without hesitation. From now on, it was a real match.

"Are you sure it was eaten?"

"yes. I could tell just by looking in your eyes."

As the students' expectations were high, they already expected that the presentation would end in a bland way. However, Shirone rather hoped that this would happen. The less you think about it, the stronger your psychological accessibility becomes. This was the gist of his planned psychological trap.

collective hypnosis.

The keyword was the sound of a bell announcing midnight. It didn't matter how childish it was once you understood the content. The keywords imprinted in their heads will lead them to fear.

"Shirone, it's up to you from now on. You just need to be successful."

"okay. I will be meditating here."

"You must succeed! I believe in you!"

I did the best I could for a month. Now the baton was handed over to Shirone, the last runner.

"Get away because you have to concentrate."

After stopping Nade from rubbing his shoulders, Shirone sat down in a secluded chair. 6 hours left. He had to bring his mental condition to the top in it.

'one. two. three.'

With her head bowed deeply, Shirone proceeded with the ceremony slowly. Nade and Iruki quietly avoided the seat, careful even with their breathing.

The success of this presentation depends on whether the mental strength to sustain photon output for more than 10 minutes is supported. But the rest of them weren't done either.

Iruki had to install the hologram's remote control device, and Nade had to fix the core that Shirone would pour photon output into. While everyone was busy working, the day was getting late and midnight was approaching.

In the pitch black darkness where no one was there, Shirone opened her eyes. The spirit of Shirone, who conducted the ceremony for five hours, was comparable to that of a well-honed sword. After a while, the door opened and Nade's quiet voice penetrated.

"Shirone, it's time to go."

Shirone stood up from her seat as if there was nothing harsh about it. And he followed Nade like a fighter heading out to the Colosseum.



* * *



The core of the hologram device was installed in the sewer that runs underneath Central Park. Ten or so fiber optic fibers extending from the gigantic device went up to the ground, and from there, through multi-adapters, hundreds of strands spread out.

An operation involving as many as 300 hologram devices. Shirone was tongue-in-cheek at Nade's production capacity, but the pressure also increased.

Although it succeeded in maintaining photon output for 10 minutes, it was the first time in practice. No one knew what unexpected variables would arise.

With 10 minutes left until midnight, Shirone walked over to a mechanical device ten times the size of the prototype.

When Nade handed over the input/output terminals with a spleen expression, Shirone grabbed the crystal ball with both hands. Iruki took the time watch and measured the time. Neither too fast nor too slow. The hologram had to be activated at the exact time the bell rang.

"Are you ready? We have to start now."

Shirone took a deep breath and nodded. Iruki looked at his watch with his right hand raised. When the hour of decision came, his hand fell vigorously. At the same time, Shirone's sequence began to rise at a tremendous speed. The power of the light emitted from both hands was incomparably stronger than before. His friends were amazed that he had raised this level of photon output in just one month.

'More, stronger!'

The light source became huge enough to swallow Shirone. Nade ran to the core device and checked the transmission efficiency. Iruki asked in frustration as he looked at him with a surprised look on his face.

"how? What percent?"

Nade, who had been silent for a long time, spoke in a trembling voice.

"Seventeen percent."

"What?"

It was a much lower number than expected. Where did I go wrong? But there was no time to analyze. If you don't do it now, everything is over.

'The radius is too wide. This is impossible.'

Shirone had a hunch right from the start. This is because the moment I cast Photon Output, an empty sensation rushed into my mind, like pouring water into a pot with a missing bottom.

The information transmission efficiency of optical fiber is 18%. In that state, the transmission power was greatly weakened due to the parallel connection.

Shirone outputs photons in a matter of minutes. However, no matter how hard they tried, the output efficiency did not go up any further from 17 percent.

Iruki realized he didn't have to try anymore. In this state, if he tried to activate the device, most of the holograms would be shattered like fragments.

After five minutes, Nade smiled. Although it failed, I was proud of Shirone for reaching an impossible goal with great effort. It was all his own fault for poor design.

"Shirone, it's over now. we did good enough Let's stop here."

Shirone didn't answer. To be honest, I was angry to the point of death. It was a project in which Nade, Iruki, and everyone in the research association worked together and did their best.

But this is where it ends. I haven't achieved anything yet, but I can't believe I have to admit defeat with tears in my eyes.

'How did I come this far?'

Shirone closed her eyes with a bitter heart. He hadn't poured it all out yet. Gradually, the light source in his hand swelled and began to cover Shirone's body.

"Stop, can't you?"

Nade realized what Shirone was thinking.

Immortal function.

It was once again stepping into the forbidden realm where everything could be lost.

"Shirone! stop! don't do it!"

Nade and Iruki shook Shirone's body. However, Shirone's spirit rushing toward Nirvana was not even damaged by moderate interference.

Shirone's light source had already swallowed her and expanded to the outside. Thinking that something terrible would happen if left alone, Ned cried out with tears in his eyes.

"Shirone! Please stop! I can't lose you! You can give up on the study group! Please stop!"

Nade's voice opened Shirone's eyes. Faint light leaked from Shirone's eyes, nose, and mouth as he stared terribly forward.

"Yes, Nade... ... ."

"Yes, Shirone! Let's stop! Let's end it here!"

The corners of Shirone's mouth went up.

"now... ... I am not afraid."

The moment Shirone closed her eyes again, a huge light filled the tunnel. His mental powers began to spread to infinity.

can't dry anymore

Nade and Iruki backed away with a bewildered expression. He only prayed earnestly for Shirone to come back.

In the realm of infinity, Shirone felt a nostalgic feeling.

The feeling that everything that makes up oneself is meaningless. But this time, I never forgot my existence.

'Do not turn away. I'm looking straight ahead.'

An unknown monster was flicking its tongue and was about to devour Shirone. Shirone remembered Armin's advice. he never turns away Armin showed himself that not everyone who possesses the key to infinity disappears.

'I'll get over it. certainly... ... I will subdue it.'

The monster's jaws attacked, exposing its black throat. Until that moment, Shirone had been staring at the darkness in her throat without turning her head.

"Great!"

As the mind that was spreading out into the world collided with the barrier of the Spirit Zone, a severe headache hit. it was caught Shirone endured by biting her molars. All of the overflowing energy beyond the limit was shot out with photon output.

"Shirone! it's okay? Say something!"

"Check the output first!"

At Shirone's cry, Nade turned to Core. 22 percent output efficiency. The efficiency, which was not even 0.1 percent, increased by a whopping 4 percent.

"Five! go up, go up! Shirone!"

"Aaaaaaa!"

Shirone concentrated more. Infinite mental power coming through the spirit zone flowed down his arm and was injected into the crystal ball.

Nade screamed. 36% output efficiency!

'more! We need more power! more!'

The Spirit Zone shook. She couldn't stop her mental power from rushing in even with her strong endurance. It felt as if it had been compressed hundreds of times and exploded. My mind was on the verge of exploding.

"Aaaaaaaaaaa!"

59 percent output efficiency.

"Shirone! little bit more! cheer up!"

Even the cool-headed Iruki screamed evil. The instrument's needle began to sway to and fro as if it had met a storm.

Shirone transformed the Spirit Zone into a defensive type. As the frames intertwined, an auditory hallucination was heard. As soon as the strength to withstand his pressure and the output power from it escaped through his hands, he felt a sense of deprivation as if the world was turning off.

87 percent output efficiency.

"Mmmmm!"

My whole body was shaking and my brain was shaking like crazy. Shirone realized what a great wizard Armin was. Applying infinite power to reality was truly insane. If he made a mistake, he would lose his life from being crushed by a force more powerful than entering nirvana.

Shirone pushed all his spirit into the ejection port of the only open palm. Even though the exit was fully expanded, the power of the photon did not decrease at all.

100 percent output efficiency.

"Aaaaaaaaaaa!"

The moment Shirone squeezed out the last of her strength, the lamp on the core lit up in red.

Nade shuddered in front of the absurd result. The hungry monster, which was only 17 percent even with the power to maintain its photon output for 10 minutes, was now screaming as if its stomach would explode.

"All right, all right! Iruki, start!"

Iruki, who had been watching with his mind free, hurriedly grabbed the remote control device. He pressed the button with his trembling hand, and the light followed a line to the ground. From there, it rode hundreds of optical fibers and spread throughout the school like a spider's web.

Dang. Dang. Dang.

The midnight bell rang.



* * *



"Whoa. It's already 12 o'clock. Time goes really fast."

Maria, who was studying at the hostel, closed the book and stretched out.

A faint bell sounded outside the window.

Unknowingly, she recalled the presentation and hurriedly shook her head to erase her thoughts.

But the more I tried to forget it, the more I cared.

Nade's words about demons appearing and eating people stuck in my head.

"Ah, what is it? It reminds me of nothing."

Shirone already knew that without brainwashing, if you put a keyword on it, it will automatically imagine.

'If you match the frequency of your soul, you can see ghosts?'

Thoughts bit their tails. Maria turned to her bed, sweeping her stunned body. Her heart thumped and fell at the same time. Her pupils vibrated and intense electrical impulses ran up her spine and hit her brain.

"uh... ... uh... ... ."

Decaying corpses trudged around the room.

Maria couldn't control her jaw dropping.

The soldier, with his bony ribs exposed, turned around and started approaching with his arms raised.

"Quaaaaaaagh!"

There was a scream that made the windows shake. But no one could hear her voice. The same screams echoed through the hallways and from room to room.

=======================================
[66] The Invisible (6)





Clink!

The vase hit the wall and shattered.

After throwing the vase, Amy put her arms and legs against the opposite wall, gasping for breath.

"What?"

The moment the bell rang, a real ghost appeared. Is this the resonance that Nade was talking about? At first, she thought she was hallucinating. But what I saw before my eyes was a clear reality.

"Ahhhh... ... ."

The moment the crying sound burst from the ghost's throat, Amy activated the schema and ran to the door. When the door was smashed open, numerous female students were screaming and running down the hallway.

Amy was astonished. Dozens of ghosts were running behind them, clicking their jaws.

"Amy! help me! A ghost has appeared!"

Seriel shouted, pouring out tears and mucus. Amy's face went pale. She never believed in ghosts. But it was human nature to be reluctant to go to the bathroom at night when she heard a scary story.

"Ugh, ugh!"

Swept away by the waves of crowds, Amy started running toward the outside of the building.



"Grrr... ... ."

A strange groan broke the silence in the desolate training center at the entrance of the mountain.

Ethella awoke from her meditation. When he stood up and turned around, a hideous transparent figure was walking towards him. He thought he was a ghost, but there was no particular excitement in the heart of the seeker fighting the evil of the world.

Ethella opened her eyes and inspected the ghost approaching right in front of her. Then her ghost also tilted her head and looked at her. It was the moment that proved how accurate Iruki's equation was.

"Grrr... ... ."

"Grrr?"

Ethella raised her hand and pressed the soldier's nose with curious eyes. But, of course, his hand went right through and slipped through the back of the soldier's head.



"Sigh! Sigh!"

Shiina pathetically hid her naked body inside the frozen veil of steam, breathing heavily.

She was the one who washed herself in the public bath in the women's dormitory on days when she was on duty. But today I was so surprised that her heart broke as soon as I heard her midnight bell.

"what?"

The first thing that came to mind was the soul frequency. So, is Nade's words true? It can't be. However, it could not be denied that there was nothing visible.

"Ahhh... ... ."

A ghost's soldier broke through the ice curtain. Thanks to that, Shiina regained her composure. That she was a hologram, she didn't see through. It was her pride as a mage that no one could neutralize her own freezing magic so easily.

"You dare to do that... ... ."

Shiina proudly walked forward. As she expected, her soldiers passed through her without doing any harm.

The situation was immediately identified.

Shiina found two devices installed on the ceiling and walls. A thin beam of light emanated from a hemispherical device with a diameter the size of a gold coin.

Shiina sighed and slowly left the bathroom.

The moment she came out to the dressing room, the water on her body froze with a loud noise.

As he lightly brushed his body, ice shining like diamonds spread in all directions. Before I knew it, there was not a single bite left on my body.

"These are real... ... !"

Shiina's eyes were severely torn.



* * *



Alpheas Magic School was turned upside down.

The blackened windows lit up one after another, and students were screaming and jumping out of the door.

The same situation was created everywhere.

Holograms made by predicting people's actions in advance turned freely, and distraught students ran aimlessly down the street without even knowing that they had been deceived.

"Aww! Save people!"

"It is a ghost! A ghost appeared!"

When humans are immersed in extreme fear, the behavior patterns that can be predicted are surprisingly simple. It was because reason was paralyzed and moved only with emotions.

The children of the lower class cried and called for their mother, and the students of the advanced class, which were separated into male and female, joined the side where the most people flowed.

From the high ground, a crowd of girls from the senior class, with a few male students among them, was pouring down.

The ghosts seemed to be chasing people at random, but when watching from the sky, they were focusing on gathering the masses into one place. And finally, the whole school of 400 students gathered in Central Park in the north.

The students who were trapped between people and buildings finally realized. The fact that there is no place to escape because demons flock from all directions.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! come! Do something!"

"Aaaaaaa! Come on! Come on, you bastards!"

Hundreds of soldiers raised their swords and attacked them in unison as each let out a cry of fear. The crying children, the screaming female students, and the courageous male students all closed their eyes tightly without exception.

At that moment, the soldiers' bodies began to glow. Hundreds of bodies flashed like a flash and soared into the sky as if they were being sucked into a single point.

"What, what?"

All eyes of the students were directed to the roof of the central building. Shirone was standing on top of the railing on the roof. Nade and Iruki came up late and took positions on the left and right.

"Thank you to everyone who attended the presentation."

The students looked at them with blank expressions. I still couldn't figure out what the situation was.

Teachers flew into the park in a hurry. It was the scene where all the faculty, regardless of whether it was a low-level class, an advanced class, or a graduating class, were mobilized.

Shiina strode through the crowd.

"you! Can't come down right now! What is this! You messed up the school!"

Nade greeted her with a wink.

"Ah, Shiina-sensei. Good night."

"What a good night! Won't you come down soon? If I go up, I might kill you, so come down quickly!"

"But first of all, it's a presentation. I will pay the end and go."

presentation? What kind of presentation is this in the middle of the night? The children whispered at Nade's words.

"what? So you're saying it's all fake?"

"Tricked! Holy shit! You thought your heart would drop!"

Most of the students were still bewildered, but the few students who quickly grasped the situation pointed their fingers at Shirone and others and criticized them.

"You swindlers! How dare you fool us on the topic of Class Five? This is not a presentation or anything!"

"Such children need to be given a score in the performance evaluation! Guys, you guys are done! Where are the ghosts in the world, and they cheat like this?"

Even in front of the rushing arrows of criticism, Shirone and the others were smiling at ease. Then, as the swearing and accusations showed no signs of stopping, Nade raised his hand to calm them down.

"The Supernatural Psychic Research Society proved the existence of ghosts through a presentation. But you don't seem to believe it."

"of course! Did you think you could make a ghost that doesn't even exist, trick it, and gain recognition? You guys will definitely fail."

"right! It's just a bad prank! Anyone can cheat like this! If I put my mind to it... ... ."

The class four boy stopped talking and blinked. Then, as if the other children also realized it, they each turned around and began to mumble.

"By the way... ... How did you do it? Do you understand?"

"No, I can't even get a feel for it. I felt like I was really alive. Besides, you fooled all 400 students."

The children realized that this situation was no mere joke.

Creating hundreds of holograms is surprising enough, but how they moved them remains a mystery.

"Those children... ... What the hell did you do?"

Seeing a commotion among the students, Shiina frowned and closed her eyes. To be honest, she hasn't been able to figure out exactly which method she used yet either.

It was impossible to immediately recall the fact that Nade's excellent mass production and engineering skills, photon output from the infinite realm, and tens of thousands of lines of equations from Servant Syndrome were grafted together.

"Heh heh heh. It looks like we ate a room this time."

The teachers turned around in unison.

Alpheas was laughing and looking up at Shirone and the others.

Shiina shook her head and approached.

"Principal, this is no laughing matter. We don't know what those kids did, but there is evidence that they trespassed in forbidden areas. Some kind of hologram device... ... ."

"Hoo? Are you saying that even Shiina-sensei doesn't know?"

Alpheas thought it was worth it. If he hadn't also majored in light magic, he wouldn't have realized right away that information transfer technology was involved in this strategy.

But is this really possible at the student level?

In a way, it must have been a gamble for Shirone and the others. Alpheas wanted to praise that part.

Shiina admitted it honestly.

"It's embarrassing, but I don't know yet. However, I don't think it can be seen that the children persuaded the teacher just because they couldn't understand the mechanism."

"Heh, I was wrong. That's not what it means to be hit by one shot."

"Yes? then... ... ?"

Alpheas looked up at the students, sparing his words.

"Just watch. It seems the presentation isn't over yet."

The students were still arguing to find out the trick Shirone and the others were using.

In an instant, Central Park turned into a large-scale discussion area.

However, the more they shared their opinions, the more they fell into a labyrinth. The class four students in particular were displeased. It was not the first time that my pride was hurt in a situation where I was completely fooled by the tricks made by my juniors and couldn't even figure out the mechanism.

"huh! No need to think! I must have done something funny. The point is, this presentation is a sham! You showed me a ghost that didn't exist and proved it? Don't be ridiculous!"

The students of Class Four were united and sympathetic.

"right! I can't understand this way! This isn't psychic science, it's just a show!"

As the voice of criticism grew, Nade stepped up as a representative and asked them.

"Everyone, are you still unable to acknowledge the existence of ghosts?"

"of course! Are you a ghost? It's just some kind of illusion magic! It's not a real ghost!"

"Then I will ask. If you really think so, then why are you all here?"

"what? yea of ??course... ... !"

Silence spread, starting with the silence of the students.

None of the hundreds of students could dispute Nade's words. If they thought ghosts didn't exist, why did they run away like fools?

The answer was simple. It is because somewhere in the heart there is a thought that cannot deny the soul.

"The emotion you are feeling right now is the essence of supernatural psychic science. Humans live with questions and curiosity about the unknown throughout their lives. If there is no need to know just because it has not yet been tested, then why should intelligence exist? I think this is the reason why the Supernatural Psychic Research Society should be located in Alpheas Magic School, the cradle of intelligence."

The students became dumb who ate honey.

Ghosts didn't actually appear, but what does that matter?

The important thing is that everyone here is thinking that ghosts might exist. And if you think so, someone must try to uncover the truth.

Nade's words made the students think seriously about this presentation for the first time. It wasn't just a prank to make a fuss at school. The Supernatural Psychic Research Society presented a perfect presentation in their own way.

"This concludes the presentation of the Supernatural Psychic Science Conference. Thank you to everyone who stayed until late."

Shirone and the others politely bowed their heads. The son-in-law was silent and no one spoke.

=======================================
[67] The Invisible (7)





However, after a while, the students who felt an unknown exhilaration welling up in their hearts started to burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! Is this really a masterpiece? Yes, you guys did it!"

"right! To be honest, I've been interested in this since a long time ago! Please hold more fun presentations in the future!"

"I've been sweating for the first time in a while. you guys won! the best!"

Teachers were taken aback by the students' sudden change of attitude, but Shirone was already expecting it. He is curious about the nature of any human being of reason.

Where did we come from and where are we going?

Perhaps that is the most important question for human beings. Also, that was the reason why the Supernatural Psychic Research Society had to exist.

Alpheas nodded in satisfaction.

"It shows the invisible without being seen. Indeed, there was such a way. The kids did a great job."

"Then, Principal, do you intend to keep the Supernatural Psychic Research Society alive?"

"Hmm. That's not my decision. yes, how is it? If anyone has an objection to the children's thesis, do it now."

None of the teachers stepped forward. Even Shiina had no choice but to keep her mouth shut this time.

To be honest, I felt like I had been hit right by the disciples. The Supernatural Psychic Research Society must exist. Hundreds of students gathered here were proving that fact.

SAD objected.

"But what if something breaks the school rules? There will be quite a bit of backlash. There is something uncomfortable about approving the research society as it is."

There were quite a few teachers like Shiina who confirmed trespassing in forbidden areas. When several people pointed out the same part, an impromptu teacher meeting was eventually held.

Shiina was the first to comment.

"It is true that the children broke the school rules. However, I think this is separate from whether or not the research meeting continues."

Teachers put on a puzzled expression when she, who had been at the forefront of dismantling just a moment ago, came to defend the research group.

However, Shiina thought that this was enough. It was a promise she made with them. Shirone and the others met her request, and all she had to do was acknowledge her achievements.

Apart from the teachers' discussions, in a secluded place in the park, members of the Shadow Research Society were secretly talking.

"They say it's still rotten, but it's not over yet. Didn't you leave the seniors who graduated, the pretty bold ones behind?"

"There will be no war. For the time being, the strength of the super psychic will continue. Our ant language research society will not step forward."

"huh! Anyway, it's class 5. Someday I'll be in my senior year, but then I won't be at this school either."

"Isn't it something to be asserted about? If we fall this year, we might compete with them next year."

"what? So you're saying I'm running away because I'm afraid of those kids?"

"Stop everything. It's funny that we, who don't normally see each other, do this. If you want to stick together, you can stick to it, right? Of course, our hide-and-seek research club won't step out."

"With that being said, I will keep an eye on your every move. You guys go into shit to hide, right?"

"Let's just end here. Because there is also people's attention. Even gathering like this would only damage the reputation of the study group."

The heads of the magic school who rule the shadows decided to come to an agreement at this point and headed to the graduating class building. Shiina's eyebrows wrinkled as she caught them gathering.

'Ugh, those stinkin' things.'

Now, just looking at his face made me sick. She is the worst troubled son who has been bullying Shiina until she enters the graduating class after going through the lower class and the advanced class.

Even so, the reason why he couldn't do anything was because he abused his heaven-given talent and hid his tail like a ghost.

'How many kids like that are there in this school? This is all because they acknowledge the ridiculous research society.'

How can a teacher deal with genius tricks passed on from seniors to juniors, and from juniors to seniors again?

The reason why Shiina tried to disband the Supernatural Psychic Research Society was not because she hated Nade and the others, but rather because she wanted to cut off the root of evil in the first place.

'But it ended up like this.'

Shiina clicked her tongue and made her way through the crowd. She then shouted at Shiro and the others standing on the ledge of the rooftop.

"We announce the results of the teacher meeting."

The applause and cheers of the students died down.

"The Supernatural Psychic Research Society was scheduled to disband sooner or later. It was because there was no official activity for a year and even the number of people was insufficient. However, starting from today's presentation, as a result of the opinions of Principal Alfeas and discussions with many teachers, it was decided that the 3-person research group led by Nade, the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group, would continue for the time being. But... ... ."

Shiina broke down in tears as she continued to speak. No matter how many times she thought about it, her irritation welled up and she yelled, pointing.

"You three are on probation for a week! Suspension, you idiots!"

Ha ha ha ha ha!

The children held their belly button and laughed. The idea to prove the research society was excellent, but in the process, it was a crime to install an unauthorized mechanical device in the school.

Shirone, Nade, and Iruki blankly opened their mouths. Then we looked back at each other. The corner of his mouth rose gradually, and the pleasure of joy filled his eyes.

"done! Success!"

"Uh ha ha ha! we did it! You saved the study group!"

It was an attitude that didn't care about the suspension. Looking at the students who were excitedly hugging each other, Shiina was speechless.

However, they did their best and had no regrets. I was really happy with the current result because I poured everything without leaving even 1 percent.

"ha ha ha! Hey, congratulations! Keep working hard!"

"Where is the lab? I'll go play sometime!"

The students expressed their congratulations. Among them were Shirone's ardent followers, Mark and Seriel.

"Aww! Shirone-senpai, of course! I expected from the beginning that it wouldn't end like this! As expected, the senior is a step above me! No, it's two levels!"

"Yeah. I never knew in my wildest dreams that the survival of the study group was at stake in this presentation. Anyway, you did a great job this time too, didn't you? Isn't that right, Amy?"

Amy should have been most delighted with this moment, but unexpectedly, she had a sullen expression.

"What makes you happy about being suspended? Why are you doing such a pathetic thing? It's not enough even if you study quickly and enter the senior class."

Seriel looked lovingly at Amy, who was clumsy in expressions. There was no way she didn't know her desire to go through school life in her senior year with Shirone.

"But isn't it nice? Of course, if I told you to do it, I would never do it, but everyone thinks that at least once. I want to surprise the world."

Seriel looked at Shirone with envy.

There was not a hint of worry to be found on Shirone's face, who was smiling brightly while being cheered by the children.

There was nostalgic emotion in Amy's eyes. She knew the truth about her. The person who wants to stand next to Shirone now more than anyone else is himself.

But she shook her head as if to ignore her emotions.

'Yeah, I don't have time to be like this to graduate. I will never look up to you.'

I want to work with Shirone. I want to go up there and smile the happiest in the world. Suppressing those thoughts, Amy turned away from her.

'So... ... I want you to come quickly, you fool.'



* * *



4 a.m.

It was a late night when the night shift staff had left work and all the students and teachers were asleep.

Shirone and the others were lying on the grass in Central Park, where the historical presentation was held, looking at the stars.

The cheers of the children and the raucous noise were gone, but they still seemed to hear hallucinations in their ears.

Nade said in a hoarse voice.

"We did it in the end, guys."

"Yeah. But do you feel sorry for Shirone? It's me who says I'm on guard, but isn't Shirone your first?"

Shirone laughed. It didn't matter anyway.

"But it was fun. It was so much fun."

"Yeah, it was great. Could I ever go through a day like today again? I still can't forget the cheers of the people."

"The three of us joined forces, and that should be enough. In any case, it has carved a new history in Alpheas Magic School."

Shirone suddenly stood up.

"Besides, it's not all that bad. Because I gained a lot. The level of photon output has increased tremendously with this presentation. At this level, I think it will work for the senior class as well."

"Me too. I gained knowledge about optical fibers and, above all, experienced the mass production process by myself. Honestly, it's been a great study. This is all thanks to you guys."

"So do i. I learned a lot from applying the behavior patterns of 400 people to practice. It would have been absolutely impossible if Shirone hadn't borrowed and used Immortal Function."

"What are you talking about? you are really awesome Without the Servant Syndrome's behavioral equation, students would never have been fooled."

"If you put it that way, Nade overpaid for his hard work. Because he installed hundreds of mechanical devices without error. That concentration is really amazing."

Shirone and the others, who had been talking excitedly, realized something and shut their mouths at the same time. A chilly wind passed for a moment. Ned said as he laid back the body he had raised.

"Let's stop. What are we doing by praising each other?"

"yes. Don't become a frog in the well. It's natural to enjoy the results, but you shouldn't be careless."

Shirone looked at the twinkling stars as if they were about to pour down.

"I want to go higher. You have to become the star that can shine the brightest."

Iruki thought the same.

"Looks like you've done all you can to play around. I think it's time for her to step up. In your senior year."

Nade tumbled and jumped to his feet.

"great! So let's set a new goal! I'm going to raise my class ASAP! And you're graduating at the same time! Let's have fun even when we go out into society!"

Shirone and Iruki nodded.

"great. Until then, don't stop and run."

"Quack. Have you been motivated for a long time?"

The three vigorously joined hands and fought.

One day I will become the greatest wizard. Their eyes, as they looked up at the night sky with such determination, twinkled like stars.

the only brightest star.

The North Star was looking down on them.





at the top (1)





Upon returning to the inn, Shirone immediately collapsed and fell asleep. It was unfortunate that he was suspended for a week, but the mental and physical exhaustion was too great to feel that way.

The day went by just like that.

The sound of the piano in the morning and the sun floating in the sky had nothing to do with Shirone, who had been suspended from school.

"Hey. Shirone. Shirone."

At the sign of someone shaking her body, Shirone frowned and opened her eyes. The blurry figures of the two shimmered and I saw the smiling faces of Nade and Iruki.

"Uhm. what?"

"You are great too. Are you still sleeping?"

"do not know. I feel tired. let me out."

"Don't do that, get up. We can't even take classes anyway. Don't do that, let's go play."

"Are you going to play?"

"There is a casino Iruki knows, and if you go there, they give you free drinks and there are many pretty girls. Since this happened, let's take a proper portion and come back."

From the moment Shirone heard the word casino, she didn't want to even reply.

"Aren't you tired? I will die."

"We also slept all day. You're sleeping for 27 hours now. Don't do that, come back after 3 days. With Iruki's Servant ability, making money in an instant?"

=======================================
[68] At the top (2)





Shirone knew that so-called experts who were confident went to such places and even had their underwear stolen. Of course, with Iruki's Servant ability, no one would be able to win when it came to calculating the odds, but there is a reason why people call it gambling. Probability is just probability, and to win in gambling, you need the temperament of a winner who knows how to feel the victory. The scene of Iruki being robbed at once while picking up money was clearly drawn.

"I'm not going. you guys go I don't gamble."

"You can't gamble. They say that pretty girls pour you a drink and massage your shoulders, are you really not going?"

Hearing that, Shirone hated going even more.

"Oh, sorry. i'm really really tired I should go to sleep Come and have fun."

As soon as the word sorry came out of Shirone's mouth, he couldn't change his mind. After all, it was Shirone who was most tired while preparing for this presentation. Nade and Iruki also lacked sleep time, but the work they focused on was divided into physical labor and intellectual labor.

On the other hand, Shirone, who had to raise the level of photon output, had to continue high-level training that consumed both the body and mind for a month. Besides, at the end, he entered the realm of infinity and poured out his mental power, so it was only natural that his mind and body were weakened.

"OK got it. Then get some rest. Anyway, we will come and go, so you know that."

"yes. bring a lot Buy me something delicious."

"ha ha ha! Don't worry! Because when we wake up, we will be magically rich."

Hearing the sound of the door closing, Shirone buried her face in the bed again.

'Anyway, making a fuss while being wealthy... ... .'

Shirone fell into a deep sleep again.



* * *



That night.

"Huh. Whoops."

Shirone tossed and turned on the bed in a cold sweat. The nightmare that didn't come when I fell asleep as if I was fainting was rising to my consciousness again as I filled my sleep time.

"Huh... ... ."

Shirone frowned and shook his head from side to side. Humans were nothing in the vast universe. That empty feeling of deprivation enveloped Shirone with a strong shock.

This time, the nightmare was being sucked into one point. Time passed backwards and we reached the beginning of the universe. A light was seen, and the light turned into a swaying thread and then into foam, filling Shirone's field of vision. It was only light. And the next moment, a powerful explosion exploded in the empty space.

"Huh uh uh uh!"

Shirone raised her upper body. Two wide-open eyes were still staring at the afterimage in the memory. I slowly turned my head to the window after my sweaty pajamas gave off a damp feeling.

It was a morning of chirping and chirping birds.

"Whoa. Somehow, I just wanted to pass by."

I had a nightmare for no reason. A strange sensation enveloped her body, shaking her body.

But Shirone was no longer afraid.

He heard the reason from Armin, and on the day of the presentation, he came out of the infinite realm at will.

Once she was able to control her power to some extent, Shirone calmly watched the phenomena that were happening to her.

'The universe seen in a dream. It's definitely a sight that marks the beginning of the universe. And gauge symmetry.'

Although there is no logical information, I felt that the strands were being vaguely caught. It is probably the work of organizing information that occurs in the unconscious. As she remembered Armin, who said she would come to realize it herself, her mind settled down and her paranormal feelings disappeared.

Shirone went into the bathroom. She slept so deeply that she didn't even know how many days had passed, and her condition was quite good. As she brushed her teeth, she rummaged through her memories, and she realized that Iruki and Nade had stopped by.

'Is it a dream? Or did he really go?'

The faces of the two people who said they would go to the casino and hit the jackpot came to mind.

'I'd rather go with you. What do I do now by myself?'

After leaving the bathroom while brushing her teeth, Shirone suddenly looked back at the bed and stopped what she was doing. Small dust particles floating on the bed were spinning. The windows were closed, so there was no convection.

Syrone, who forgot to brush her teeth, ran with her foam on her face. He looked closely and he was sure to be moving. He put his hand out into the center of the rotation. The moment she thought she couldn't feel anything, she suddenly felt a strong sense of paralysis.

"Huhhhhh!"

Shirone coughed up foam and bent her upper body.

What is it?

It was as if he had personally touched the nerve where the tooth had been pulled out, as if he had confirmed what he knew for the first time.

'This is it! Something you already know but don't know the name of. But what is this?'

Shirone frantically gestured into the air. But she no longer felt any strange sensations. After calming her mind, Shirone went back to her bathroom and washed herself in hot water before leaving. All the while, he kept thinking about the phenomenon he had just discovered.

'It's not wind, it's not air pressure, it's not temperature. But how can the dust move?'

It wasn't just floating. It was clearly moving in a form with rotational force by some force.

After being immersed in thought for over an hour, Shirone changed her clothes and came out feeling frustrated. It was class time, so there were no students outside the building.

Feeling unfamiliar, Shirone moved to the front door. He was suspended for a week, so he was free to do anything for the next four days. Since the water has already been spilled, Shirone decides to use this time as a break after his special training.

'But where are we going?'

The first thing that came to mind was his own home. The thought of her parents' faces made her want to go.

'No. Talking nonsense.'

It could be reached in half a day by carriage, but there was no justification. Mom and Dad, I was suspended from school, and I couldn't go home. However, going to the Ogent family would be awkward without Lian or Raina.

"Oh right!"

Shirone suddenly realized where he was going and snapped his fingers.

It was a bookstore.

Of course, there are plenty of books in the school library, but it has been Shirone's long-held dream to buy books at the bookstore.

A smile came to my lips as I remembered being delighted with the old books my father bought for me as a child.

I was happy with one book, but in fact, I had a desire to buy more books.

But now you can. It was thanks to the considerable accumulation of pocket money that Temuran sent every month.

If you bought books in the commoners' quarters, you could put them in a basket, even if you only used a small amount.

'Come to think of it, I'm buying it for the first time. My own book.'

Borrowing from the library is not a bad thing, but Shirone, who likes books, has an extraordinary desire for possession.

Having made his decision, he moved quickly. In an instant, he passed through the aristocratic quarters and entered the commoners' quarters.

The street where I often rode my father's cart when I was a child is still standing there. Shirone tapped on her gold coin purse and entered the bookstore proudly. The aunt recognized Shirone. He was a kid who would stand and look around for hours whenever he entered the city, so his face was memorable.

"welcome... ... Oh my, isn't it Shirone?"

"Hello, Auntie."

"yes. You've grown surprisingly I thought your dad had gone to another city because he couldn't see the barrel these days. Every time I come, he always buys me a book."

"You won't come any more. So I'm going to buy it myself."

"yes. You still like books. Take your pick."

"Yes. Then I'll look around."

Shirone walked around the bookstore smiling happily. A price tag was attached to each pile of books, but looking at them, books in good condition were expensive, regardless of the contents.

Few of the commoners could read, but in a big city like Creas, if you were to count the population, it was still quite a business.

However, as expected, there were more novels with better sales than academic books, and occasionally academic books only dealt with basic fields. It could be seen that the books in the library of Alpheas Magic School were much more advanced than expected. Although there are no books related to his major, he is good at books anyway. After looking around, he bought a novel with a wizard as the main character.

There were several books that must have been quite popular, and the price was divided into high, medium and low according to quality. Shirone, who had enough money, chose the cleanest new book and held out a gold coin. It was a bookstore frequented by commoners, so the price was cheap, but books were originally a precious commodity. Moreover, since it was a new book, the price was ten times that of the lowest quality.

"Oh, buy something this expensive? Who are you running errands for?"

"No. Actually, this is the first book I bought. That's why I want to read it in a clean way, even if it's a little too much."

"yes. It's wonderful. Few people spend money on books. Anyway, read carefully. so you get smarter I have to be smart so I can marry later and not make my wife suffer."

The aunt, completely unaware of the fact that Shirone attends a magic school, the cradle of geniuses, gave a long speech with the pride of a bookstore owner. However, Shirone happily listened to even that, as if she was in a good mood, and came out with her book.

'This is my book.'

My own book, neither borrowed nor seen by others. Even just feeling the weight of the book made my heart flutter like a child.

"uh? Isn't that Shirone?"

Hearing the voice calling him, Shirone turned around. A group of children gathered in a cart. His eyes widened as he looked closely at the familiar figure.

"uh? altor? Martin? Even Lumina?"

They were children from the slash-and-burn village where they hung out when they were young.

"Yeah. Are you really Shirone?"

Children rushed to Shirone. Most of them were the same age, and the difference was only a year or two. However, in the interim, the size changed unrecognizable. In particular, Alto, the leader of the slash-and-burn children, had grown into a giant that even adults could not handle. At least Martin, who was originally dwarfed, was similar to Shirone.

Alto put Shirone's head on his arm.

"You bastard! What happened? Haven't come back in years. Even if I ask Uncle Vincent, he just says he lives in the city."

"ha ha ha. sorry. It happened."

Their greetings after a long time were tingling, but Shirone was also happy to see them. Martin, his front teeth sticking out like rabbits, inspected Shirone's outfit and said admiringly:

"wow. you came out Anyone who sees you will know that you are a noble."

"yes? I don't know."

Hearing that he looked like an aristocrat, Shirone was puzzled. Because he had never thought of it like that before. However, as he passed through the Ogent family and lived in a magic school, it seemed that the smell of nobility was absorbed unconsciously.

Said Rumina, the only woman in the party.

"Shirone has always looked like an aristocrat. Anyway, I'm glad you're doing well."

"Yes, thank you, Lumina. You have become pretty too."

Rumina's face turned red. She is the Rumina that Shirone remembers as a child with lots of freckles and chubby cheeks. But now, her skin was a little darker, her freckles were gone, and her flesh was gone, so she was a girl.

Alto burst into laughter.

"There are more lies, Shirone! Well, even in the past, there were no kids to match your words. What makes such a tomboy girl so pretty?"

"shut up! Who are you to judge me as a gangster or what?"

When Lumina got angry like never before, Altor felt embarrassed.

"No, I was just kidding... ... ."

"it's okay. I hate talking to you."

"yes! don't tell I'm ashamed to hang out with a girl like you!"

Shirone felt better as the old memories came back to him after a long time. At first glance, it looks like a fight, but this was the daily life of the children of the slash-and-burn village.

=======================================
[69] At the top (3)





"By the way, Shirone. what are you doing these days what do you do in the city Are you working at the store?"

"yes? no, that's... ... ."

Shirone decided to tell the truth. I know his father kept quiet, but he couldn't treat them harshly enough to lie when asked.

"Actually, I am attending a magic school."

"More, what?"

The children all opened their eyes wide and screamed.

It was unbelievable. Of course, I knew that Shirone was different from a young age, but the son of a mountaineer was enrolled in a magic school.

"Oh, what happened? Really?"

Shirone was surprised that the children were more surprised than expected. He said, deliberately dropping a knock to calm them down.

"haha. because it was lucky I once worked as a librarian for an aristocratic family, and fortunately, the family treated me favorably, so I enrolled."

Hearing this, the children became even more confused.

No matter how much he worked as a librarian, an aristocrat couldn't do that for a commoner.

It was only natural that people who didn't know how difficult Shirone had gone through to get to this point would not understand.

"Oh, it's great anyway. So, are you learning magic now?"

"wow! Magic! can you use magic? huh? try! show me!"

When the children all listened and shouted, Shirone had to sweat for a long time to calm them down.

"that is... ... My class is still low, so I'm not good at it. Besides, using magic outside of school is against school rules."

Alto looked at Shirone suspiciously. He honestly couldn't believe it. From an early age, Shirone's good looks and personality inspired awe in children. Nevertheless, the reason why Alto was able to become a leader was because he had the most important strength for commoners.

But what about now?

Shirone became a student at a magic school that only the highest nobility attended, and she was still only Alto of the slash-and-burn village.

"If you go to magic school, why did you come here? Isn't it time you should be studying right now?"

"Oh that... ... I just came out on vacation. I had a tough exam a few days ago, so I'm going to take a break."

I had no choice but to lie this time. If she said she was suspended, it would get in her father's ears. Even if it was a good thing, her parents were sure to be disappointed.

Most of the children were trustworthy. Since I had never been to school, I easily assumed that I could give him a vacation.

Rumina grabbed Shirone by the collar and said.

"How many days do you take a break on vacation?"

"Um, well? About three days?"

"yes? Are you going home then?"

"Haha, no. Since the semester is over soon, I'm going to go home then. Your parents must be busy too."

"but. In three days, the vacation will be over."

Having the same parents, they knew better than anyone how busy mountain hunters were.

Martin said.

"Then have you decided where to go? Where are you going to sleep?"

"Well... ... that is. I haven't decided anything yet."

Lumina shouted, turning bright.

"yes? Then come with us. You slept a lot in the past."

Shirone was also shocked by that statement. He went back to school, but he was suspended, so he couldn't borrow books from the library and all he could do was lie in his dorm and kill time. But I didn't want to spend the night alone in this place where I didn't know anyone.

"Are you okay? Can I go?"

"Ho-ho-ho! What are you talking about? We still sleep at our friends' houses every other day."

I also remembered Shirone. Familiar with community life, they were friends, brothers, lovers, and family.

"Okay then. I also want to see the old men after a long time."

"now! Now that we've sold everything, let's go! Let's have a big beer each!"

Alto wrapped his arms around Shirone's head and walked to the cart. Shirone screamed in pain at the much stronger force than usual.

"Ouch. it hurts."

"ha ha ha! Can you still be so insincere? You have to have stamina to become a good wizard."

Shirone knew that Altor's actions were a way to organize the ranks and regain the authority of the leader. So he didn't feel bad. It was Shirone who lived her whole life as the son of a thief and understood their lives.

Alto put Shirone on the cart and set it on fire. No matter how dwarfed it was, it was impossible to lift an adult man without considerable physical strength. As he stared blankly at the thought that his childhood friend had become a monster, Al Thor patted Shirone's head and burst into laughter.

"Nice to meet you, Shirone! Let's drink with a crooked nose today!"



* * *



Shirone, who rode a cart into the slash-and-burn Mincheon, was impressed by the scene she hadn't seen in a while. Green sprouts sprouted in the fields that lined the ridge, and smoke rose from the chimneys of the mountain villages that lined the ridge. Slash burners shouted when they spotted a cart coming in along the trail.

"Martin! Are you coming now?"

"Yes, uncle! Shirone is here too!"

"What? Shirone? What about Vincent?"

"Uncle Vincent didn't come. But, uncle, you know what? Shirone is going to magic school now!"

"what? Are you going to eat?"

"Nope! I'm not eating, I'm going to magic school!"

"Chuck! Even nonsensical sounds."

"... ... "

Martin was silent and the old man weeded the field again. Alto was able to understand the uncle. He can't even believe himself right now, so how can he believe that he has lived all his life cultivating the land?

Lumina pursed her lips.

"what? why don't you believe Shirone, don't worry. I'll spread the word later."

"haha. You don't have to."

Alto said.

"Even Uncle Vincent didn't say anything. Don't go out of your way and keep your mouth shut."

As the leader of the slash-and-burn children, Altor knew the fear of words. If, by any chance, Shirone is lying, Vincent's position will be difficult.

'Because if the deal with Uncle Vincent is cut off, our house will suffer as well.'

After putting the cart in the common warehouse, Alto took the children to the only alcohol store in the slash-and-burn village. All he had to do was set up a pole on the dirt floor and set up a few tables, something the herbalist uncle's wife did as a side job.

"Aunty, I'm here."

"Welcome, Alto. Oh my, aren't you Shirone?"

"Hello, ma'am."

"Yeah, how? I heard that Vincent works in the city, so he must have met there. He's welcome anyway."

The children were accustomed to attaching three tables. Alto, who was sitting at the top of the table, ordered.

"First of all, give me a glass of beer, and the snacks I always ate."

Shirone felt a sense of alienation. When I was hanging out in the past, all of them were kids who couldn't even drink alcohol. But now he was sitting with his legs crossed like an adult, gulping down his beer. Compared to their appearance, the children at the magic school were still children.

"How are you, Shirone? Do you want a drink?"

"yes? Oh no. Haven't I ever had one?"

"What? Now that I see you, you're still a kid. You don't even have hair there, do you? Fuhahaha!"

The children burst into laughter at Alto's joke. However, she was as straight as Lumina, a woman.

"What does that mean to a friend I haven't seen in a while? After all, it's because your mouth is so rough."

When he openly took the side of Shirone and gave him a face-off, Altore's face subtly blushed.

'but... ... It's been like that since before.'

Ever since she was little, she knew that Rumina liked Shirone. But now, not everyone is a child. A strong man has a wonderful woman. Altore thought that Lumina's mate should be her own as she is the next village chief. Still, her welcome was so great that her displeasure was quickly swept away by drunkenness. Shirone was also happy to be able to meet his friends after a long time. The beer I drank for the first time was unexpectedly good, and the cheerful atmosphere continued.

"Did you know that Noona Howran ran into Shirone before?"

"Hey. Why are you bringing that up all of a sudden? don't do it!"

Syrone, who was drunk, waved her hand to stop Martin.

"How are you? It's already past. Besides, my sister Howlan got married last year, so she's not even here."

"Oh yeah? That's good."

The children who burst into laughter at Shirone's words grabbed their navels and hit the table. As the atmosphere escalated, Rumina took advantage of her alcohol and clung to Shirone.

"Shirone, then what kind of woman is your ideal type?"

"yes? Well. I haven't thought about it yet."

Alto was displeased with Lumina's flirting, but there was no way to stop him, so he deliberately spoke to Shirone.

"Shirone. But do you really go to magic school? Then shouldn't you be able to do at least simple magic?"

"Well. That's what I mean, in fact, I'm behind the other kids because I learned magic late. Magic itself is a very difficult discipline. It's not that I can't do it at all, but it's forbidden by school rules... ... ."

Even if he could do magic, he was definitely a student. The use of magic outside of school is strictly prohibited by school rules unless you have obtained a formal wizard license. Exceptions were when life was threatened or when the personal safety of others was exposed to danger.

Of course, I know that most students do not follow the school rules, and there is no realistic way to stop them from the school side, but there are reasons for the school rules to be made.

It was Shirone who, at the age of 12, broke the limbs of bullies he met in an alleyway. Nade's use of electric shock magic in a restaurant the other day was also a situation that could have turned into a big fight if the opponent came out a little harder.

Magic is not mere force. It was a powerful power that brought out the power of Mother Nature with the human spirit.

Although Shirone's main specialty, photon output, does not have even 1g of physical force, he knew that the moment he showed it, fear and awe would sprout in the hearts of children. I didn't want to make the atmosphere strange by performing magic at a drinking party.

Martin asked, chomping on dried jerky.

"If it's that difficult, could it be that I can't become a wizard?"

"of course. Rather, there are far more people who can't become wizards than people who become wizards."

"yes? Then how will you make money if you can't become a wizard?"

"yes? how... ... ?"

I had never seriously considered the situation when I failed because I had been running towards becoming a wizard.

Earning money to make a living was the biggest concern of children this age, so when Shirone couldn't answer, he tilted his head.

"Then who pays for tuition? The nobles pay for that too?"

"uh. For now, I am receiving support."

The children's eyes widened.

"wow! really? how much do you pay Have you saved up some money? How are you going to get married? Have you ever dated aristocrats?"

"No, I never thought about that... ... ."

"Then have you been there? A store with a lot of those women. Aristocrats still come and go."

"that is... ... There are people like that, but it's not necessarily like that... ... ."

Alto's impression was wrinkled by the children's enthusiastic Q&A. Didn't it become as if Shirone was the leader?

The ranks of the slash-and-burn villages were not determined just to beat and lay down the weak. When not controlled by a powerful boss, people become greedy for more shares.

For those who are isolated from society, discord means the collapse of the group. The reason for choosing a leader from a young age was also to prepare for when they grow up and take responsibility for the village.

Alto said in a sullen voice.

"stop. What are you curious about so much? Are you guys envious of Shirone's life?"

"Of course I envy you. Nobles give money."

=======================================
[70] At the Top (4)





"Even so, if you don't become a wizard, it's a joke. Isn't that right, Shirone?"

"yes? Oh, of course it is."

"If you do something by relying on other people's money, you are entrusting your life to someone else. It doesn't matter if you succeed, but if you fail, nothing is left. Shirone, you can't do that either. Even thinking of my parents, I should prepare a way to live and learn magic. Are you going to live with your parents for the rest of your life? That doesn't mean you can't do the job because you're strong."

Even if you don't become a wizard, you can get a job because you have the knowledge you've learned. Since he was a commoner anyway, there were many places where he could call Shirone if he just gave up his pride. However, it was also true that he never considered failure, just as Al Thor said.

How could that be? Is it baejin? Are you conceited? If I can't become a wizard, what kind of life will I live?

My stomach rumbled. failure. Anyone can fail, and Shirone was no exception. Shirone's heart grew cold at the realistic questions of the children of the slash-and-burn village.

When the atmosphere calmed down, Alto suggested a game. On the one hand, it was also a proposal to regain his authority as a leader.

"now. It's a complicated story. Hey Shirone. Do you want to arm wrestle with me for the first time in a while?"

"uh? with me?"

"yes. You used to be surprisingly full-bodied. Let's see if the bones are still there."

The children knocked on the table, inciting a confrontation.

"Ohhhh! Warrior vs Wizard! It's the fight of the century!"

As the atmosphere at the drinking party heated up, Shirone put aside her gloomy thoughts and regained her smile. She's doing her arm wrestling with a grown man. It was embarrassing to leave her pride behind.

"how? Paying for a drink?"

As Alto put his thick forearm on the table, Shirone reached out without losing. It was a man's pride that he had no choice but to accept it if he was betting on it, whether he lost or won.

"great. Let's try it. There is no substitute for watching."

"Sure."

The moment they held hands, Shirone felt as if he was holding a lump of stone. If he passed the photonization magic, he would eat her drink for free, but it was just a fun imagination.

Martin volunteered to referee.

"Come on, get ready... ... start!"

Shirone squeezed out all his strength. However, as Al Thor's strength surged like a wave, he went over to the other side regardless of his will. He tumbled under the table and stroked his elbow. It wasn't brute force, it was brute strength.

"Ouch. Really old."

"wow! It's altor too. Shirone is a mage, but didn't you pass it over at once?"

Although magic and arm wrestling had nothing to do with each other, the name wizard seemed to carry considerable weight to the children.

"of course! Alto has even hunted bears before!"

Alto, who regained his authority, laughed heartily.

"ha ha ha! Shirone, are you really weak? It wasn't like this before. This turned out to be a strange bet. Alcohol is just what I live for."

Lumina came over and supported Shirone. Her eyes were full of regret.

"Shirone, are you okay? Anyway, it's Altor. How can I be so ignorant?"

Since she was a member of the slash-and-burn village, there was no way she didn't know why Alto was so violent. However, she was familiar with the life of a mountaineer, and Shirone was the same, so she was not disappointed.

"It's fine. But Alto is really strong."

The moment Shirone stood up, the bag of gold coins fell. As the snout opened, gold coins with lovely names rolled around. The eyes of the children in the slash-and-burn village grew wide.

"Huh? These are gold coins, real gold coins!"

"what? Where are you! wow! really! Are there five of them?"

Even the children at the end of the table gathered and were mesmerized by the gold coins. It was rare even for adults to use gold coins in the slash-and-burn village. The appearance of the golden coin felt sacred to children who were still earning pennies as a pastime.

"You have a lot of money. Why do you carry five gold coins?"

Shirone shyly picked up the gold coin and said.

"I brought a lot just in case you didn't know. There's a book I really want to buy, but I'm in trouble if I don't have money."

"Well, books are expensive."

The children knew that Shirone loved books. For he always had a book at his side, even when he came with Vincent before. The illiterate slash-and-burn villagers were not interested in books. Just by looking at the number of gold coins that fell, I could tell how great Shirone was living.

"Shirone. So can I use this as I like? Since it's yours, you'll buy whatever you want right away, right?"

Shirone put on a puzzled expression. He's never had his money wasted. As Alto said, it is money received from others. But the kids seemed shocked just to have such a huge amount of money. I chose my words carefully, thinking that I could hurt their lives if I didn't.

"I rarely have to spend money. There are so many classes at school that most of us skip meals."

"a. Can you still pay for the drink? Because I lost the bet."

"bet? Oh, yes."

Shirone had heard Altor's offer to pay, but it seemed that if he showed the gold coins and pretended not to know, he would offend him even more. Alto, although he knew nothing, he was not ignorant, so he left the atmosphere to the natural flow.

"okay. i'll give it to you Because I lost."

At Shirone's words, the children cheered.

"Oh yea! Then we spend our gold coins, right? Shirone, can you give me the money for the drink in advance? In fact, I've never touched a gold coin before."

"I will do the math. Giving out gold coins has been my lifelong wish!"

"no! I will!"

Before anyone knew it, the leader of the children had become Shirone. Lumina watched Alto with concern. As expected, the misery was evident on her face.

Even so, the reason she doesn't get angry is because she's the same as Lumina. She knew that, having watched Shirone since she was young. Shirone hasn't changed a bit. She was, she was, she was a good child who knew how to think of others first.

"Stop it! The men said that when they saw a gold coin, they were excited! When will you grow up? Now let's talk about something else."

At Lumina's nagging, the children quietly returned to their seats. Shirone was grateful for her.

Quick-witted Martin changed the subject.

"Did you hear that anyway? They showed up on the back mountain yesterday too."

"Ah, I heard that too. At this rate, there wouldn't be any wild beasts left. How long are you going to eat it?"

"It must be a cow bear with a baby. It has a huge appetite."

The cow bear is the largest grizzly bear in the bear family. In particular, when a female has a baby, it is a headache for hunters because it eats twice as much as a normal predator.

Shirone also showed interest because he had done quite a bit of hunting.

"Did Cow Bear come this far? Didn't they originally live behind the mountain range? That would really hurt."

"Don't talk. My dad is a hunter, but he's a waste to meet these days. The wild beasts are on the verge of drying up, so we can't."

"Then why don't we all get together and catch them? Cowbears aren't particularly violent, so five people should be enough."

"It's logging season these days, so there aren't enough people. Everyone goes to the tree and no one helps. Still, judging from the range of movement, it seems that they won't give birth here. If you wait a week or so, the business will return to normal."

"I see. Uncle must be having a hard time too."

Alto's eyes twinkled and he snapped his fingers.

"Hey, Brad. That cow bear, what if we catch it?"

"What? U.S? Wouldn't that be dangerous?"

"How are you looking at me and talking like that? I've hunted even red bears, which are reputed to be violent. That cow bear is nothing."

Alto intended to regain his lost honor through this hunt. It was strength and hunting skills that gave him an edge over Shirone, so in a way, it was an opportunity given by God.

"Hey, how are you? Let's all help Bread."

"Yeah, if you do, I'll be grateful."

If they can't find the game, the family will have no choice but to starve. The children who knew that fact couldn't bear to turn away from Bread's circumstances. Besides, wasn't Altor the one who caught the red bear, which was said to be the most vicious despite its small size?

"great! Then let's go catch cow bears tomorrow!"

"Oooh! Blood boils! Brad, don't worry! This older brother will definitely put an arrow in the bear's chest!"

"dummy! will you be We just have to dig a trap and leave it to Alto."

"We are leaving tomorrow morning! Shirone, are you coming too?"

Alto asked with sparkling eyes. In order to regain the position of leader, Shirone had to follow. Shirone, knowing that, nodded his head thinking that it was better.

"okay. I also learned something from my father, so I should be able to do my part."

"Good! Cheers then!"

Beer mugs with foam bobbing in the air collided.



* * *



dawn the next day.

Shirone got up early in the morning to prepare for hunting.

Professional tools would be shared by the children, but basic equipment had to be equipped by each individual.

I rolled up the rope in a big way so it wouldn't get tangled, hung it on my backpack, and checked my bow and arrows.

I brought cloth and glue to make a torch, and I also prepared a nail and a hammer.

He put extra arrowheads in a leather pouch and carefully packed dry rations and a whistle in case of distress.

When I lifted the backpack, the familiar weight made me feel happy.

When I opened the door thinking that Shirone, the man, was not dead yet, all the children with equipment were gathered in front of the door.

"Hey, Shirone. It's too late. this is gone Kuck."

Shirone smiled shyly. As expected, people who were engaged in active duty were different no matter what.

"Haha, sorry. It's been a while since I've done it, so I'm not used to it."

"Anyway, let's go. I have to come back before the sun goes down."

Alto took the lead and Shirone followed in the middle group with Lumina. The rear was guarded by Martin.

The sun rose when we arrived at the cow bear haunting area.

Lumina lit a fire and started cooking. Breakfast was corn soup with melted sheep's milk cheese and bread. Shirone dipped the hard bread into the soup and swallowed it in one gulp.

"it's good. After all, we need to know about Lumina's cooking skills."

"lol."

Rumina smiled shyly. When she thinks that if she used to be the same, she would have made a fuss about her to pay for the meal, but she sure has changed a lot with her children too. But it was a good change for her, and Shirone was relieved that her friends were doing well.

"Once you've finished eating, let's leave soon. I guess he's up there."

Alto took the children and headed for the mountainside. As if his prediction was correct, bears marked their territories on each tree. said Martin, pointing to a tree with serious claw marks.

"Look at this. The tree was completely destroyed. You must be very strong."

Altor approached and carefully examined the claw marks.

"huh. There is no problem with this. I don't think my feet are that big either."

"Isn't that still dangerous?"

"The power of bears has a reputation. It's also faster than you think. But cow bears tend to be sluggish. With this amount of people, he can hunt enough."

Shirone belatedly checked the claw marks. And he furrowed his brows in disgust. It was only a scar on the tree, but I couldn't imagine the sight of a bear marking its territory there.

'weird. I don't think it was done by force. Rather, it was as if something very fast and sharp struck... ... .'

At this point, Alto pulled out his bow. He bent his upper body while the arrow was loaded and looked back and said.

"Anyway, I think we have to start here, so be careful. Let's go up a bit more and set a trap."

The children who followed Althor climbed the mountain slowing down their steps. Everyone was skilful, probably because this kind of life was their daily life.

Shirone entered the Spirit Zone and sensed everything. With a diameter of 40 meters, it's less than the sight of a skilled hunter, but there's nothing wrong with being careful as long as you're in a bad mood.

By the time I reached the summit, a rather unpleasant aura passed through my synesthesia. As Shirone stopped her steps and tried to figure out what she was feeling, Al Thor turned around and asked.

"Shirone what are you doing? We will not set traps here."

"Altor. Something is a little strange."

"What's strange? I can't feel anything."

Alto blocked Shirone's opinion in advance. No matter how smart he was, he thought he was an expert when it came to hunting. However, Shirone did not give up his will and broke away from his column and walked somewhere. Alto chased after him with an angry expression. Arbitrary action in the mountains could endanger everyone.

"Shirone. If you're going to keep doing this, just get off... ... Ugh!"

Alto was horrified at the scene unfolding in front of him. Even Shirone was at a loss for words at this moment. As she vomited, the smell of sheep's milk cheese she ate earlier regurgitated.

"this... ... What is it?"

=======================================
[71] At the Top (5)





The wild beasts were horribly torn and hung from tree branches like laundry. Among the dogs, ferocious carnivores were also seen.

The children who arrived late covered their mouths. By not screaming, they had done enough for the living.

"Ah, Alto. What happened? Is this really what Cowbear did?"

Martin's voice trembled, and Rumina turned her head away and closed her eyes tightly, as if she couldn't bear to see. Shirone made a decision faster than anyone else.

"Let's go down. I don't think this is a problem for us to solve."

"No, let's go a little further. I need to know what it is."

"Altor! This is a serious matter!"

"So let's go! If something like this enters the mountain, all the prey will leave! Then we will starve to death!"

"I know that, but it's too dangerous. Let's go down to the city and report it."

"Declaration? Didn't you go crazy after playing with the nobles? Who do you think cares about the situation of the buyer?"

"You fool, that's what I'm talking about! It's not such a trivial incident that I don't care. look at the beasts over there Can't you see how dangerous the situation we are in right now?"

Martin interrupted.

"Sir, Shirone. Alto. Look over there."

The bushes were shaking with a rustling sound. Shirone and Alto loaded their arrows at the same time and aimed in the direction of the sound.

Booths. Booths.

The swaying of the leaves heightened the tension. The children also took out their weapons and waited for the mysterious identity to appear. When the slaughterer of the beast finally appeared, Syrone and Artor's arrows rose far above their original target.

"Oh, this can't be... ... ."

The voice of Altor, who was defeated by no one in terms of bravery, was engulfed in fear.

"Krrrr."

A wolf-like monster over two meters tall was glaring at the children with a stooped posture. Her chest muscles swelled like balloons and her waist was thin. Its arms stretched to its knees, and its clawed claws were as long as a human little finger. His knees were bent with reverse joints, but he looked agile as he supported his body with long soles like a cat.

Martin managed to squeeze his voice out.

"Mo, it's a monster."

Evolutionists hold the view that humans and other animals are derived from a single source organism. However, monsters were phylogenetically originating from completely different organisms. Therefore, it is not possible to completely analyze monsters based only on their animal characteristics. They were stronger and more agile than other animals, and even possessed intelligence.

'Bipedal in the appearance of a wolf. It's crying.'

Shirone recalled the knowledge she had learned from the book. Instead of having poor language skills, Ulrk can express hundreds of emotions through sound, and is social enough to live in a tribal life.

Because it is a balanced type with strong claws, quick mobility, and strong muscle strength, it was one of the monsters that even monster hunters were reluctant to fight when forming a group.

'But why did you appear here? I know there are no monsters in this area.'

There was only one case that immediately came to mind. The Ulks who were defeated in the war between the tribes moved their residence and flowed here. As if to prove Shirone's thoughts, Ulc's body had scars here and there. It was impossible to guess how much blood had been shed as the blood of numerous animals was entangled in its fur.

The sound of the children's rough breathing awakened Alto's sense of responsibility. As a leader, he had to somehow get out of the situation.

'Anyway, it's a living creature. If it hits the mark, it's an instant death.'

Alto took a deep breath and aimed the arrow. Even though he knew they were targeting him, Ulch calmly watched his prey with his hand on a tree. It was proof of reason.

'die! You dirty bastard!'

Alto's arrow flew like the wind. However, Ulc only slightly twisted his head and easily dodged it. Then he made the sound of scratching his uvula mockingly.

"Krr. Krrrr."

The children were astonished at the dynamic vision of avoiding arrows at close range. But that was when the despair began.

Kwaji support!

Ulc broke the trunk of the tree with only his grip. And he shouted at Ulthor.

"Aaaaaang!"

"damn! Run away!"

The moment he saw the brute force that tore off the log, Alto had no desire to reload his arrow again.

Everyone ran towards the top, but Shirone stayed until the end and shot an arrow at Ulc.

"Aaaaaang!"

Shirone's provocation angered Ulk even more. However, thanks to this, the children were able to buy time to escape.

Urlk jumped up with a nimble motion and slammed the top of Shirone's head with his fingernail. At the same time, Shirone's body turned into a flash of light and soared into the air.

"Kreung?"

Shirone, who floated in the air due to teleportation, looked down at Ulc from a high place. Because it was deep in the mountains, it was difficult to continuously cast teleportation.

'Not here. I have to go to the top.'

Alto supported the struggling children and ran and ran. He was right not to choose the downhill road. Under these conditions, he would all roll down as he descended.

"hurry! Run fast!"

The children, who had thrown away all of their armory and luggage, climbed the mountain as if crawling, sticking out their tongues. Rumina shouted.

"What about Shirone? I can't see Shirone!"

"You are buying time! Come up!"

Alto urged the children. I was worried about Shirone, but in the current situation, worrying didn't help anything. First of all, I had to protect even the children.

"Aaaaaang!"

The moment the children reached the top, Ulck's screams came from the downhill. Alto's brow wrinkled. The fact that the monster came all the way means that Shirone ran away or died.

"damn! There is nowhere to hide!"

The top of the mountain was an empty field close to flat, and there was a cliff at the end. The height of the cliff was only 20 meters, but there was no time to climb down the wall.

"Altor! A monster is here!"

Urlk pulled the ground with his claws and climbed up. The stone-like muscles reflecting the sunlight were clearly visible. Altor, separated from the children, voluntarily became the bait.

"It's here! This way!"

However, there were cliffs on all sides, so there was no good place to escape. Alto turned back with a miserable heart. The muscles he trained every day were no more than the strength of a child in front of monsters.

"Damn it! I do not know!"

When he raised his fist at the thought of dying, thinking that he would fight even if he died, Ulch disappeared in front of his eyes.

"Run quickly!"

Arthur looked around with a surprised expression. He was nowhere to be seen, but before he knew it, Shiro and you were lying around together.

"Uh, how?"

Altor tried to run to Shirone, but stopped when Shirone's figure turned into light and disappeared.

"wow. Um, is that magic?"

Children who encountered teleportation for the first time were astonished. No matter how fast Ulc ran, when Shirone flashed the light, he missed the target in an instant.

"Aaaaaang!"

Unable to hold back his anger, Ulk cried out. However, the monster's anger was not one-dimensional like the beast's instinct. He thought that whoever he ate was the same meat, so he turned around and ran to where his children were.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The blue-eyed children scattered all over the place. Only the weak-minded Lumina was frozen, unable to even think of running away.

"Lumina! Run away!"

"ah... ... . ah... ... ."

Shirone held out her hand toward Ulc. And it combines photon-output battery and omnipotence. However, the place where Lumina was located was outside the radius of the Spirit Zone.

'Oops! It doesn't reach.'

Shirone converted the four-way method into a target type. As John changed into the form of a cross, the synesthesia finally caught Ulk.

'Photon output!'

The light flashed and popped out and met Ulc's eyes. Woolk covered his eyes at the sudden radiance and screamed.

"it's okay! Shirone killed it!"

The impact of the beam was so great that the children thought that Ulck's face would have been smashed. However, knowing that photon output has no physical force, Shirone shouted as she ran to Ulc.

"Lumina! run fast! There is no time!"

Lumina hurriedly threw herself away. But her legs were already stiff and she just fell to the floor like a log. Realizing that Shirone's magic was powerless, the children stomped their feet.

"What do we do? I guess it just shoots light."

"Aaaaaang!"

Ulk, who had regained his sight, attacked Lumina. Her sharp hooked claws caught in her hair tie. Her rubber band snapped and her Lumina hair untied. At the same time, Shirone grabbed Ulc by the waist and cast teleportation. A flash of light shot into the sky and began to fall down the cliff from a high altitude.

"Shirone! no!"

"Aaaaaang!"

Every time Ulk tried to struggle, Shirone repeated the teleportation. Setting the direction of teleportation to the ground was a dangerous attempt that was strictly forbidden even at school, but she had no choice but to hold on to Ulc's spirit.

'What do we do? What should I do here?'

Even if he fell like this, Ulc wouldn't die. Since there is no mass in the photonized state, the fall energy is zero at the point where the momentary movement ends. However, when he gave up magic and fell, he had no ability to withstand Ulk's struggle.

'mass. Need mass... ... !'

At that moment, goosebumps ran through Shirone's body. It was a powerful portrait that I had never experienced before. Fragments of countless thoughts passed through my mind. beginning of the world. gauge symmetry. A whirlpool hovering over the bed. Mass is not force. The power of existence that unlocks the activities of the universe. A crack that breaks symmetry.

The reason for the sense of paranormal was the sense of deficiency felt when Shirone, which had expanded into the realm of infinity, was reconstructed into the human spirit.

The cacophony of omniscience and omnipotence.

The name of the lost fragment was Gravity.

When the omnipotence was established, the omnipotence that had been known through nightmares until now was precisely engaged. When the conditions for activating the magic were met, Shirone changed Ulch into a photonized state and threw him down.

"Big... ... !"

Before the screams could even end, Ulc's body collided with the ground and bounced up with a loud sound.

Landing with a rainbow drop, Shirone glared at Ulc.

It was an instant death. The reason why I was shocked enough to break my bones in the photonized state was because the light was heavy.

"Sigh. Sigh."

Matter is not born with mass. There is another element that imparts mass to matter and annihilates it.

An unknown particle that humans cannot observe.

That was the reason Shirone realized that the cell and gauge symmetry was broken in the realm of infinity.

"done. I finally figured it out."

Shirone clenched her fists tightly. His heart trembled and his heart soared to the point of tears.

Aaaaaaagh!

At that moment, the screams of children were heard from the top of the cliff. Shirone regained her cool and looked up.

"no way... ... ?"

Come to think of it, Ulrk was a monster with social skills. Even if he lost a tribal war, he was unlikely to wander around alone.

"no!"

Shirone cast teleportation and flew over the cliff. When he reached the top, he stiffened up just like Al Thor and the others. Dozens of ulks surrounded the surroundings. The whole tribe was moving at once.

'I underestimated their social skills.'

I heard children crying.

"Oh, what should I do? We are all dead now."

"I couldn't even get married. I don't want to die like this."

It was the same that Shirone did not want to die. And she now had the bare minimum weapons to fight Ulk.

"It's okay, guys. I'll try something."

"What are you going to do? Don't do that, and run away too. You can escape with magic."

"It's fine. From now on, you're not breaking the school rules."

Shirone walked to Ulk's group.

"Shirone! Dangerous!"

Alto called, but he turned away. He just glared at the Ulks, recalling his earlier realization.

The silver-haired Urlk, who seemed to be the chieftain, nodded as if it were not the same, and the right-hand man Ulc jumped out.

"Aaaaaang!"

Shirone focused the photons on her palm.

'It's not enough. more... ... more... ... .'

The light gathered in his hand gradually turned pale and finally emitted a blindingly intense white light. Meanwhile, Ulc was rapidly closing the distance from Shirone.

While measuring the distance to the enemy, Shirone focused on changing the nature of the photons gathered in her hand. As the screams of the children escalated, Ulk, who had finally arrived, swung his claws.

Shirone's body was suddenly pushed back 1 meter. He widened his distance with short-range teleportation and cast magic with his eyes wide open.

'Now!'

When I threw the condensed photon, a pale flash of light landed on Ulk's abdomen. The photon, crushed in the form of a sphere, pushed Ulck away and stretched out again as a golden line.

"Aaaaaang!"

Ulk screamed and flew away. Then it collided with another ulk and rolled down the mountain.

The children's eyes widened at the unbelievable reality.

"No, that is nonsense. did you just see That huge monster flew away dozens of meters."

"How could that be? You mean that's magic?"

After seeing Shirone's magic, the chieftain of Ulk pulled his nose. It must have been remarkably intelligent that human language leaked out.

"mind... ... law... ... buy... ... ."

Numerous eyes of Ulc stared at Shirone. But Shirone was only glaring at the chief.

I thought I could win.

The mass contained in the photon is minute, but the impact of the weight of the speed that extends at the speed of sub-light was at a level that broke expectations.

Also, this is the magic of the unlocker that only Shirone can use in the world... ... .

It was a photon cannon (photon cannon).





(end of volume 3)

=======================================