
[297] Master of Ceremonies (1)





The carriage carrying Armin and his party ran to the gate.

The wagon wheels kicked up the knee-deep rainwater and spewed water out.

The wagon turned into a rough mountain road and bounced off the rocks. Amy and Reina gripped the handle tightly with both hands.

"Looks like it will arrive soon. I'm glad it's not far."

Amy poked her face out the window. From the other side of the sky covered with black dark clouds, I saw a huge pillar of light descending as if there was a hole in it.

As we entered, the sound of the rain disappeared and a meadow spread out in the warm sun.

After getting off the carriage, Armin and his party looked back on the way they had passed. Lightning like static electricity was occurring between the dark clouds and the horizon, which were almost touching.

Even where the sun was shining, the coachman's face could not be identified. Even Shirone, Amy thought, was someone who didn't have much of an impression.

Shirone was sitting in the meadow under the hill and looking at the flowers.

He was on his back, so he couldn't look at his face, but the only person in Geumgangtae's realm was Shirone.

As he turned his head to follow the fluttering butterflies, the side of his face was showing a beautiful smile.

Reina, who now understands the mental world, admired it.

Even in the terrible situation of reality, Shirone's spirit did not waver in the slightest. I felt like I knew why he was able to make accurate judgments in numerous crises.

'But... ... Can I talk to you?'

Reina couldn't come close.

Strictly speaking, it is not Shirone, but an incarnation of Shirone. Because intimate emotions are integrated, you could be hurt by an unexpected response.

"Let's go. There is nowhere to back down anyway."

Armin pushed Reina on the back and approached Shirone. Sensing the presence, Shirone turned her head.

Saliva trickled down Reina's throat.

"uh? Mr. Armin? Reina's sister too?"

Shirone greeted the two with a bright expression.

"long time no see. How have you been?"

Armin looked closely at Shirone.

'It's really amazing.'

Shirone's incarnation was almost no different from her usual appearance.

Among the incarnations that Armin had met so far, there were also famous personalities in the world. However, even such people rarely reveal their disappointing nature at the stage of incarnation.

You can't blame that person.

because it is human

But Shirone was different.

In an invisible place, everyone is bound to commit deviations, but Shirone's heart had reached a pure state regardless of the gaze of others.

It was a form of incarnation that could not come out without refining and polishing the inside from childhood.

'It wasn't a vain rumor that he was the best prospect in Tormia.'

Even after they broke up a year ago, it was Armin who was constantly seeing Shirone's achievements. This mental perfection was backed up by his unusually wide-ranging behavior that could not be explained by talent.

"But what are you doing?"

Hwashin knows that this is the spirit world. However, it could not be separated from the dimension of reality. It was as if in a dream he could not know that this was a dream.

Reina asked Armin.

"Does Shirone not know why we are here? You kept injecting keywords until now."

"I can't draw a clear line on how far I know. Incarnation dominates the whole, but strictly speaking it is not the whole."

"It's like some kind of core code."

"That's right. All of this is the work of the incarnation, but it does not contain the will of the incarnation."

"there... ... ."

I heard Amy's voice.

When the two of them turned their heads, they saw Egoist, over 2 meters tall, holding Amy with four arms. Her upper right arm had turned into a rope and was holding her neck.

'There must be no projectiles?'

Rayna looked around and realized the coachman was gone.

But why did it manifest as an egoist? Wasn't Shirone obviously friendly to them?

"Shirone, why is that?"

"just... ... Seeing Amy annoys me."

Armin sighed.

What I feared happened.

Linking cause and effect is the realm of reason. Conversely, sensitivity is faithful to the emotion of the moment.

In reality, the two are strictly separated, but the problem was that incarnation, the mental body, couldn't.

"Shirone, you need to suppress your emotions as much as possible now. As you probably feel, Shirone-kun's life is in danger. You must have our cooperation. Of course, Miss Amy's cooperation."

Armin's persuasion didn't make Shirone understand, but he had no choice but to follow because his life was at stake.

As I suppressed my emotions, Egoist faded and turned into black smoke.

Amy, who was coughing while stroking the nape of her neck, looked at Shirone with sad eyes. She was prepared, but when she was treated like this, she was overcome with sadness.

"What is the reason? Shouldn't you tell me so I can fix it?"

Even Shirone doesn't know why. Memories related to Amy rise like a fountain, but Hwashin, who cannot arrange cause and effect in order, can only feel the emotions of the situation.

Shirone turned away from her and turned to Armin.

"What should I do now?"

"First, we will infiltrate the depths of Shirone-kun. There is no way to recover the situation unless we catch up with the intruder."

"But I don't know the way down."

"No, I know. The reason Shirone-kun accepts the current situation without feeling uncomfortable is because he knows. It's just that the logic system has collapsed and we can't draw conclusions. Think you have to go down. And tell me the first place that comes to mind."

Deep in thought, Shirone pointed to the western mountains.

"It's not exactly... ... ."

"That's enough. Now, let's go."

Armin sat in the coachman's seat instead of the coachman who had disappeared.

After driving for about an hour in the direction Shirone pointed, we arrived at a small village.

Heavy rain was pouring there too, but when Shirone entered, the weather cleared like a lie.

Shirone led the party to a shabby stable. I hugged a handful of soft straw on the floor and moved it to the side, and a door leading to the basement appeared.

"Oh, is there really a door?"

"Rather than that, it would be more accurate to say that it was specified. There is a door where you think Shirone-kun is. Remember how you feel now. At this speed, we should be able to catch up with Arius and Zeon."

Upon hearing the names of the two, Shirone's face contorted fiercely.

Armin looked around in amazement. It's gone now, but for a moment I felt a life that was not real.

'What was it, what happened a moment ago?'

Armin realized the need to revise his thinking.

Shirone's incarnation doesn't look different from her usual appearance, but maybe that's not all.



* * *



 Syrone's spirit level 8.



Arius penetrated the depths, collecting information on his own.

The place he is currently exploring was a landfill where it was difficult to even breathe due to the stench.

Ji-on covered her mouth with a handkerchief as the unpleasant smell blew in the wind.

'What the hell does this smell like? It doesn't even smell like a corpse.'

The fear Shirone felt was embodied in the smell. It was the smell of death that could not exist in reality.

Arius, who was already familiar with it, didn't care about the stench and grabbed the man passing by and asked.

"Where is the library nearby?"

The man covering his nose only pointed in the direction and hurried on his way.

Arius headed to the place the man told him to. When he entered the library, he felt his breath clear as his stench disappeared.

Ji-on shakes off his handkerchief and throws it on the ground as if he thought it couldn't be revived. And looked around him and said.

"Is this the library?"

Arius ignored Zeon's words and focused on examining the book. The books were sorted by category, but the title on the cover was wriggling like an earthworm, so I couldn't tell what kind of book it was.

But some of the books in the corner had clear titles.

These were books related to Shirone's major, photonics.

Arius walked along the bookshelves, examining only the covers. Then he took out a book called 'God Particles'.

When I hit the wall with the book, a rectangular incontinence was drawn. The wall disappears as if it permeates the air, revealing a staircase leading down.

"I've been curious about it before, how the hell do you find something like this?"

"It is to trace the flow that is connected to Shirone's unconscious. Every object has its own meaning. This is an area that requires some study. Would you say that an excellent understanding of psychoanalysis is required?"

"Right."

By the time Arius explained halfway through, Zeon had already attracted attention.

As always, complicated tasks should be left to the experts. I just wanted to extract Ataraxia and get out of here as soon as possible.

When I opened the door on the 7th level, a plaza spread out. There was no heavy rain that seemed to submerge the world, no cold waves that seemed to break bones, and no stench that seemed to rot my nose.

Zeon rearmed his mind by adjusting Armand's leather strap around his waist.

"It's worth living here."

As soon as Ji-on finished speaking, a man fell. The man fell face down and died with his brain draining.

I looked around and saw people going up on every roof.

Those who surrendered appeared one after another. A window of a building showed a woman on a chair hanging herself.

"What the hell is it?"

Arius, who was watching from behind Zeon, spoke.

"Stage 7 is the gateway just before entering the realm of REM. It is a strong layer. The projectiles that are about to die show symptoms of a nervous breakdown."

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Two sisters falling from the fourth floor let out a tear-jerking scream.

Zion frowned.

It doesn't matter if the sister's death is over, and the gruesome corpse doesn't matter. Please don't make noise when you die, I hope you die quietly.

"Let's go quickly. This is an annoying floor."

"Nope. I will stay for a while. If, by any chance, they encounter the incarnation of Shirone, it will be a headache. They will be able to reach the depths much faster than we can."

"Hmm, then?"

Arius pointed to a castle beyond the city.

"Here you will meet the Master of Rituals. Shirone's super ego. In diver terminology, it is called the antithesis."

"Antithesis?"

"It is a ceremony to criticize Shirone. It is strong enough to be comparable to an Egoist, but it must be considerably weakened as it is currently facing death. It will buy you time."

Arius turned to the north. He was on the nerves of passers-by, enough to commit murder at the mere touch of his collar, so he had to be careful what he did.

The place they arrived at was a castle so small that it was nothing more than a miniature compared to reality. But there was a cute taste. Seven red spires stood over the wall, and guards guarded the entrance beyond a moat that was nothing short of a creek.

As we approached the arch, they crossed the window and blocked the entrance.

"Stop. Who are you?"

"I came to meet the ruler of this place."

"Ignite is on sick leave. go back."

Arius gave a meaningful smile.

As for the name of the ruler, it is common for the concept that has the strongest impression among the opposite sex to be adopted. And Ignite was the name of ignition magic.

"That's why I came here. I have a medicine that can cure my illness."

The guards were confused. After exchanging glances with each other, one guard entered the castle.

After a while he returned and granted Arius entry.

Once inside, it was far from glamorous. It was like seeing the barracks of a corps deployed on the front line.

Like the citizens, the soldiers were on high alert, but they were carrying out their duties without distraction thanks to Ignite's control.

At the end of the festival covered with a red carpet, Ignite sat with her chin resting. She was nearly two meters tall, and her handsome brown beard stood out.

=======================================
[298] Master of Ceremonies (2)





Ji-on tilted his head at the impression that he had seen it somewhere.

"For sure... ... Did you say Vincent?"

Arius explained as they walked over the carpet.

"It will be projected to a large extent. The superego is heavily influenced by the father. Normally, it should be strong enough to subdue even Egoist."

Ignite greeted them with a strong smile.

"So, do you have any medicine to cure me?"

Shocked, Arius was unable to answer for a moment. I felt a sense of intimidation, like having a beast in front of me.

'It's ridiculous. Is this the superego in a weakened state?'

It is normal for normal people to have their super ego paralyzed in the face of death. However, Ignite was still radiating energy in a strong state.

'I can't help but admire this?'

Even Arius, who had explored the minds of countless people, had never had a super ego so strong.

Those who have a steel-hard critical mind will never be vigilant under any circumstances. The rumor that Shirone is a wood that can become a top-notch was also based on this tendency.

Ji-on snorted and said.

"Are you bluffing even though everyone is dying? What an unlucky child."

Arius thought, how weak Zeon's superego was.

"There is no medicine that can cure my illness. Because this world is already sick. Yeah, what did you come to see me for? The first lie will pass, but from now on you will have to tell the truth."

A clumsy lie wouldn't work for the super ego, the ruler of reason, so Arius confided frankly.

"We must kill Shirone."

The soldiers lined up in the middle of the room glared at Arius in the same motion. However, it was not manifested as an egoist because it was under the control of Ignite.

"Why should I?"

Ignite lifted the huge ax that was leaning against the back of the chair with one hand.

The moment he gripped the weapon, the air became heavy like an iron bar and squeezed the two men's chests.

Zion was terrified and took out Armand. When the Diamond Armament was activated, the sword split and surrounded him like armor. At the same time, Ignite's men raised their weapons.

Arius let out a reproachful sigh. However, to achieve his goal, he needed Zeon's help, so he abandoned his advance strategy and joined the use of force.

"Please stop for a moment. It will be over soon."

"What are you going to do?"

Arius walked over to Ignite. The bluish light of Confuse, a spirit-type magic, gathered in his palm.

"... ... You have to go into mental remodeling."



* * *



"Coke! Coke!"

Shirone and the others coughed and exited the door leading to the seventh level. The stench from the landfill was imprinted in my brain, and I still felt like I could smell it.

But things weren't good here. Shirone and the others couldn't move in front of the door and put on a dazed expression.

Bodies with blown heads littered the floor of the plaza. People were falling from the rooftops as if it were raining.

On the other hand, citizens were fighting each other and beating each other as if they were going to kill each other. Even if it wasn't real, it was the first time I'd seen such a horrifying scene.

Armin watched the situation with a serious face.

If the action of the projectiles reached the extreme, it meant that Xenoger's steel wire was strangling him faster than expected.

While watching her world being destroyed with sad eyes, Shirone suddenly took on a fierce expression. She then mischievously tugged at Amy's hair as she stood in front.

"Ouch!"

Amy looked back with a puzzled expression.

"what's the matter?"

"Don't cover it. You can't see it."

Amy pursed her lips.

I don't know why Shirone, who is kind to others, is only doing this to herself. I wanted to hit her with one blow because of my temper, but I had made up my mind before meeting Hwa-sin, so I took control of her heart.

"Yeah, sorry, what."

When Amy shrugged and turned around, Shirone was rather confused.

She is a good person and on her side. But why are you in a bad mood?

"Why did you come to rescue me?"

Amy flinched at the question that came from behind her back. But she didn't look back, and after being lost in her thoughts, she gave a short answer.

"Because we are friends."

Shirone pulled out memories of reality from that story. It was a terrifying memory like a nightmare.

The world turned upside down and my body ached as if it were burning. I saw Amy tied up like a cocoon on the opposite wall. I can't guess what the situation was, but it was extremely unpleasant.

"But you... ... You couldn't save me."

Amy bowed her head sadly.

Is it still like that? Is Shirone hating her own weakness for not being able to act?

"Shirone, that... ... ."

The moment Amy turned around to explain, an egoist rose in front of her eyes. As she hurriedly backed away, Arius and Reina also distanced themselves.

The projectiles whose heads exploded turned into egoists one by one and began to surround Shirone like a wall.

Reina looked back at Armin and asked.

"How did this happen?"

"Avoid!"

Amy grabbed Reina by the waist and threw herself into the seventh-level doorway. Reina turned her head and saw a rain of arrows filling the sky.

Armin got out of range with flicker magic.

Egoists rushed around Shirone. After confirming there, Amy closed the door.

Follow me! Follow me!

The palms holding the doorknob tingled as dozens of arrows pierced the door.

As soon as the rain of arrows stopped, I opened the door and looked at Shirone. There were so many arrows stuck in the ball-shaped Egoist that it was disgusting.

"Shirone! It's fine?"

As the egoist separated and slipped away like the ebb tide, I saw Shirone standing in the same posture as at the beginning. More Egoists approached him with shady attitudes and protected him.

Amy let out a sigh of relief and turned her head to where Shirone was looking.

A group of troops was pouring in. As the archers split left and right, the heavy cavalry took the lead.

"What the hell is that army?"

"It will be the antithesis. The egoist rationalizes the ego, and the antithesis criticizes. If the stronger the superego is, the more moral it is, then Shirone's antithesis will be quite strong. Don't relax."

Amy was surprised to see the commander of the cavalry unit. He was a middle-aged man with a huge ax on his back, and even from a distance he had a distinct sense of weight.

"Uncle Vincent?"

Except for the fact that he was about 1.5 times bigger and had scars on his face, he looked just like Vincent to the point where you could believe he appeared in makeup.

"I am Ignite, the ruler of this city!"

Ignite's shout echoed through the plaza. Even the nervous citizens turned to him with alert expressions.

Ignite, who held out a large ax that was heavier than her body weight horizontally, pointed at Shirone and shouted.

"Shirone! Everyone is suffering because of your selfishness. What do you dream of as a lowly citizen! Your strength is not obtained through your efforts! It deserves to be handed over to others! Now I will end all suffering with your death!"

Amy looked back at Arius with an absurd expression.

"Is that Shirone's critical consciousness? Isn't that just typical loser logic?"

"okay. Arius seems to have manipulated the superego. Humans have as much desire for death as they do for life. It looks like we were seriously bitten."

"Shirone! answer! are you fair Do you still want to live after giving birth to so much suffering?"

When humans are exposed to extreme fear or pain, the idea of ??dying rather arises. Arius was able to easily manipulate Ignite using the fact that Shirone's world was sick.

Whenever she heard Ignite's voice, Shirone shuddered.

To the ego, the superego's message resonated powerfully like a bible to religious people.

"Right! The reason this world has become like this is all because of Shirone!"

"Killing Shirone is the only way to regain peace!"

"Kill! Let's kill Shirone!"

Projectiles in the plaza sympathized with Ignite and set up a banner of rebellion.

All of them were antitheses, and as the number increased, Shirone's incarnation became weaker.

"Get ready! Come this way!"

At the same time as Armin shouted, the heavily armored infantry rushed in, shaking the ground. Archers pulled their bowstrings from the left and right of the plaza, and citizens also rushed at them as an angry mob.

"I can be comfortable without you!"

The citizen who grabbed the wooden pole made a full swing in front of Shirone.

At the same time, Egoist hugged him and knocked him to the floor. As he turned his whole body into teeth and chewed on it, Antithese screamed and was torn to pieces.

But Ignite's men couldn't deal with it so easily. Rather, he was swinging his weapon with brute force that overwhelms Egoist.

The Egoists who had been attacked by Antithese disintegrated into pieces with the sound of air escaping.

"Kill Shirone! Everyone, charge at Shirone!"

The dead projectiles turned into Egoists and fought to protect Shirone. On the other hand, all citizens became antitheses.

Desire and reason collided in the center of the plaza.

It was definitely the existence of Ignite that made a variable in the close game.

He was stronger than any egoist, far beyond the might of the other antitheses. Every time he swung his large axe, Egoists exploded like dust.

"Shirone! not yours! Stop letting go!"

Armin, watching the battle, was dumbfounded.

'How could this be?'

Reason is winning over desire.

It means that the conviction is strong, but considering the situation, even if it was strong, it was absurdly strong. Even soldiers who die for their country have a stronger desire to live when their lives are at stake.

'But is desire a diagnosis? Is your head being cut off in real life? Could this really be the spirit of an eighteen-year-old boy?'

Arius would not have expected Antithesis to win either. If Ignite captures Shirone, they won't be able to obtain Ataraxia either.

Shirone's beliefs transcend those of humans.

Like the prophets in history, Shirone was a man willing to die for his convictions.

"I can't. We are fighting too."

Armin casts a flicker and infiltrates the battlefield.

In any case, the priority now is to save Shirone. This is because if the incarnation is attacked, you will no longer be able to catch up with Arius.

Amy defended herself with Fire Mist and cast Fire Wall.

The crowd split in two as the fire wall ran across the border between Egoist and Antithese.

As I concentrated, the height of the fire wall soared. The heavily armored infantry screamed in agony without taking off their heated armor.

Reina climbed onto the roof and sniped the archers. The arrows I bought from Nade's projectiles were many times stronger than the real one, so I could easily pierce two or three people with one shot.

"Get out of the way! I will punish you myself!"

Ignite's voice was heard from beyond the barrier of the Fire Wall. And she appeared right away breaking through the wall of fire.

With a large ax slung over his shoulder and taking a swinging stance, the first target he aimed at was Amy. Numerous egoists attacked him, but he was scattered with one blow from the axe.

"Amy! Dangerous!"

Reina inserted four arrows from the quiver on her thigh between her fingers.

Four shots were fired in an instant. In addition, the target areas were also different: shoulders, wrists, thighs, and heart.

Without taking his eyes off Amy, Ignite recognized the out-of-focus arrow and grabbed the large ax with both hands and swung it.

The sound of strong winds that humans could not imagine raged.

Kang! Kang! Kang! Kang!

The arrow with strong penetrating power did not bounce even after hitting the ax blade. However, as the shaft bent at 90 degrees, it lost power and fell to the ground.

"You foolish girl!"

Ignite continued his charge, brandishing a large axe. Then, in front of Amy's eyes, he passed the ax blade behind his back.

As his upper body stood up, Amy felt as if a wall had formed in front of her eyes. She didn't have time to cancel the fire wall and cast another spell.

=======================================
[299] Master of Ceremonies (3)





"Do not threaten our peace!"

The speed of the large ax descending toward the top of the head was so great that it was difficult to follow with the naked eye.

It was a fleeting moment, but Amy realized that this was her final destination.

'Hello Shirone... ... .'

It was a bad ending.

But on the other hand, I thought that this would be a good ending. Because this is Shirone's spiritual world. will sleep forever in his arms.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

A frenzied roar sounded in Amy's ears, which brought her to her senses. At the same time, something black passed quickly in front of my eyes.

When I woke up, Ignite had flown 10 meters.

Amy felt a presence behind her and turned around.

But to take a good look at it, I had to raise my head to the sky.

It was an egoist whose entire body was covered with thorn-like projections. He was more than 6 meters tall, and was staring straight ahead with a stance that seemed to be in the middle of a quadrupedal walk and a bipedal walk.

The egoist is expressed in a specific form by borrowing the desire of the incarnation. The process wasn't over yet, and all the Egoists in the plaza turned into black smoke and were sucked in. It didn't grow taller anymore, but the spines on its torso became abnormally long.

"Quaaaaaang!"

Egoist - Anger.

A huge shadow monster screamed and jumped over Amy.

When the object blocking my eyes disappeared, I saw Shirone, who was frowning.

'Shirone is... ... ?'

Shirone is a person whose reason is stronger than desire. However, the current Egoist was radiating strength in a form different from the ones he had experienced so far.

'Could you try to save me?'

Amy, aware of the hostility harbored by Shirone's incarnation, avoided jumping to conclusions.

But the feeling of anticipation in my heart was unavoidable. Because it was always like that. Whenever a dangerous situation came up, Shirone always protected herself.

Egoist (anger) was still full of strength even after tearing apart hundreds of antitheses. Even Ignite's subordinates equipped with weapons were blown away with a single kick.

"Shirone! Do you dream of living a petty life until the end!"

Ignite stood up, coughing up blood from her throat, grabbed a large ax and charged at the monster. Then he jumped high and passed the ax back.

Stretching his waist like a bow, he bounced his body like a spring and struck down the axe. Egoist's head split in half.

A smile appeared on Ignite's lips, but the expected scream was not heard. Egoist's state, transmitted through her handle, was still angry, bubbling, and about to explode.

The moment Ignite looked serious, the claw of anger struck his face.

As he fell to the ground with half of his face missing, legs thicker than pillars trampled on him.

Whoops!

The battle ended with the ground shaking.

"Aww! Do, run away!"

Antitheses were stunned and scattered in all directions. Egoist screamed and pursued them in order to annihilate even one more.

The plaza, where only Shirone and the others were left, was clean without a single corpse.

Amy, who was on the brink of death, sat down. Her Shirone came to her.

Amy turned her head and realized that Shirone had come, and her heart pounded. Are you angry now? Has she returned to her old friendly Shirone?

"Shirone, thank you. If it wasn't for you... ... ."

"You get pissed off."

Shirone said while looking at the ground without even making eye contact.

"It really pisses me off."

Then he turned coldly and walked away.

Even thinking about it now, I couldn't figure out why I saved Amy.

A powerful urge seized her just before the great ax split her head. From the next moment, her anger exploded and she couldn't recall anything.

Amy bowed her head sullenly.

Reina, who had been expecting a reconciliation between the two, patted her shoulder.

"Don't be too disappointed. As long as Shirone is saved, all misunderstandings will be resolved... ... ."

Before Reina could finish her words, Amy raised her head.

Contrary to expectations, it was a bright face. On the one hand, she even looked lighthearted.

"it's okay. Anyway, Shirone saved me. He probably doesn't hate me to the core. So that's it, what. haha!"

Even with that said, Reina knew how great Amy's loss would be.

She was holding on desperately, only to save Shirone.

"Okay, let's do our best."

Reina looked back at Armin. His clothes were drenched in sweat because he had harassed the enemy in the depths of Antithese's camp.

"Is the antithesis gone now?"

"It's not gone. But there will be no more manipulated antitheses. However, you should not slow down. It's basically a mental body that criticizes Shirone."

After a short break in the plaza, they entered the castle under Shirone's guidance. Ignite had been staying until just a moment ago, but no more projectiles were visible.

Shirone went down to the basement. And I walked the winding road like a maze without a single blockage.

When I opened the door of the storage room, there was another staircase leading down to the basement.

Armin, who picked up a torch from the first basement floor, went down alongside Shirone. Then he halted the group in front of an old wooden door and looked back.

"If you enter through this door, you will come to the world of dreams, the realm of REM. Before we go in, there are a few things to pass on. As you've all dreamed of, the laws of physics apply here. In a nutshell, it can be called focus."

"Is it like concentration?"

"Similar. Reality is a series of concentration and relaxation. In normal life, the period of relaxation is overwhelmingly long. But the dream is only concentration. It's like following the dramatic structure of a play. You see only what you want to see, and no other situations exist. So when you lose focus, you lose yourself. This is called a reel pin."

Armin spread his five fingers.

"Reel pins are largely divided into five types. First, a sense of opulence. Second, meaningless muttering. Third, repetition of the same section. Fourth, point of departure. Fifth, actualization of anxiety."

Amy seemed to know what it was. It was something she also experienced often in her dreams.

"Dreams mimic gravity, but they don't actually have gravity. Keep checking the feeling that your feet are on the ground. The moment you feel floating, you will come to mind endlessly. And don't say anything you're not sure about."

"You say the conversation has to be focused. It's like a script for a play."

"That's right. No habitual slang. If you lose the focus of language, you will repeat meaningless words."

"Then, is the repetition of the same section the focus of the space?"

"Yes. Do not look back or run away without thinking. The focus disappears, so only the same section is repeated. Fourth, when you focus on your surroundings, you lose yourself and put yourself in the shoes of an observer. Finally, don't feel anxious."

"Because it will happen in reality."

Armin nodded at Reina's words.

Amy, lost in thought, asked.

"What if you get caught in a lil pin? For example, if you get caught in the floating reel pin and can't stop talking with a meaningless mumble."

"If we are not all caught at the same time, we can get out. If it reminds me of Miss Amy, I'll pull it, and if it's a meaningless mumble, I'll punch it in the face."

Amy puffed out her cheeks as if she had already been slapped.

Rayna asked.

"What if you can't get out?"

"At some point, I will have a new focus. But that would be our focus, not Shirone's focus. Eventually, you will have a new dream."

"It is a dream within a dream."

"That's right. This is why Drimo is called a multi-dimensional world. It doesn't matter if it's in your dream, but this is someone else's world. If you are buried deep, you will never be able to get out of the dream for the rest of your life."

Everyone who heard Armin's explanation was very nervous.

"Do not worry. If we just focus on Shirone-kun walking towards the next exit and we following, there will be no problem."

Shirone took a deep breath and grabbed the doorknob.

"then... ... I will open the door."

Armin refused, and the door slowly opened.

The sound of the music sounded faint, and soon the performance of the court musicians knocked on the chest.

Amy narrowed her eyes at the familiar scene.

"This place... ... ?"

Many couples were dancing in the grand hall. It was the ballroom of the capital of Kazura, where I had stayed just a few hours ago.

Armin hurriedly explained if there was something he had missed.

"In the REM area, one space changes fluidly. It is like several plays being performed on the same stage. If the background is a grand hall, the exit will be close."

"That's the exit."

Shirone pointed to the other side of the ballroom.

Amy seemed to know why. She was the door through which she and Zeon exited the Grand Hall. Perhaps Shirone went through that door to find herself. Then, this four months passed.

'It must have been because of me.'

Amy smiled bitterly.

If he hadn't followed Zeon, if he had rejected his request, would Shirone have been in a different situation?

'Whoa, come to think of it, I deserve hatred enough.'

"Miss Amy, don't lose your mind."

Amy hurriedly came to her senses. She and she took a deep breath and kept her clear eyes.

"Yes, I am ready."

"Then let's go. Shirone, please walk straight as far as possible without colliding."

Shirone moved cautiously. He stopped and waited as the dancing couples passed. This is because you can fall into a reel pin if you take a detour.

Amy and Reina only looked at the back of Shirone's head. Armin, on the other hand, was moving his pace, leisurely examining his surroundings. It was possible because he had acquired a lucid dream license to carry out some kind of mission.

'What the hell happened?'

As much as Shirone in reality was waiting for a terrible death, the situation in the Rem realm was likely to be a nightmare as well.

That's why it was tense.

At some point, there is a possibility that everyone in the ballroom will turn into monsters, and suddenly people will go crazy and start killing people.

But nothing much happened until they crossed half of the ballroom.

Since the road he had passed had already been out of focus, it was safe to say that there was no chance that something would happen there.

'weird. What kind of situation is this a nightmare for?'

Armin found something and his eyes lit up.

'I see, it was something like that.'

There was a man and a woman dancing in the center of the ballroom. It was a beautiful woman in her rose-red dress and a strange-looking man.

The man's eyes were completely upturned, his nose was snub-nosed, and his lips were smaller than a chicken's anus. It was a human face, but it was a shape that could not come out in reality.

'I must have hated it quite a bit.'

If this is all there is to it, no big deal will happen to third parties. But for Shirone, it must have been the worst nightmare of all.

Armin looked around and found a person serving near a long table.

He was wearing plain clothes that did not match the scenery of the royal castle at all. He wore a red hat, had a handsome beard, and smoked a pipe proudly in a non-smoking section.

The only being that wasn't a projectile of Shirone, it was Louver, a monster dispatched from Drimo.

Louver turned to Armin and winked. But Armin looked at him indifferently and turned his head away.

It is not a subject to ask regards to only out of curiosity. Currently, the dreamer cannot be analyzed by human intellect. I was just acknowledging that it actually existed.

When Shirone reached the exit, the focus of the road passed and the sound of the music disappeared.

Are the balls still being held in the Grand Hall? Curious, but no one looked back.

=======================================
[300] Master of Rituals (4)





"Arrived. If you open this door, you should be able to go down."

"okay. Then, from now on, we will enter Shirone's unconscious."

Understanding Armin's words, Amy took a deep breath.

Beyond this door, Shirone's true feelings linger.

Judging from the state of incarnation, there will be no ugly desires. However, there may be similar aspirations.

'doesn't care. It's not like I'm clean. Everyone has that kind of heart.'

Shirone did not open the door abruptly. Going downstairs seemed to cause conflict.

Eventually he let go of the doorknob and turned to Amy with a displeased look.

"I don't think you need to come... ... ."

Suddenly, Shirone raised her head and rolled her eyes. Then, like an epileptic, she trembled and fell.

"Shirone!"

Amy hugged Shirone and checked her condition. Her face was pale, and her lungs were moving wildly as if she were about to run out of breath.

"What happened? What happen?"

A rumbling vibration was felt, and the ceiling of the Grand Hall began to collapse. Armin opened the door and shouted as the stones larger than a man fell.

"There is no time! The unconscious is collapsing!"



* * *



Kazura Royal Food Storage.

Xenoger's steel wire finally cut through Shirone's veins and entered. Thousands of drops of blood burst from the wound and spread out as slowly as time slowed down.

The aftermath of reality immediately hit the mind.

As the level 11 rainfall surged, half of the city was submerged. The projectiles floating on the rapids burst into cries close to screams.

The crowd of people flowing down to the lowland was also mixed with the fear of Egoist, the manifestation of Nade.

"Kiaaaaaa!"

Egoist struggled on his limbs and desperately tried to escape. However, in the end, he could not overcome the rapidly rising amount of water and was submerged under the surface with a desperate scream.


Secrets of the Abyss (1)





 Shirone's spirit level 5.



The door opened with a squeaky, old sound.

The energy of vigilance penetrated before people.

A long time later, Arius with a flushed face and Ji-on, who had been protected with diamond armor, crossed the threshold.

"This is... ... Shirone's unconscious?"

Ji-on was confused by the unexpected situation.

The 5th level they arrived at was a library with endless bookshelves.

spine of knowledge.

Arius noticed that history was arranged in chronological order just by examining a few bookshelves.

'This... ... It's beyond awesome, it's to the point where there's no humanity.'

He was the one who dived into the mind of a high-ranking wizard far greater than Shirone. However, even for such people, the arrangement of unconsciousness was very loose and chaotic.

No wonder. Rather, it was strange that human unconsciousness was standardized.

Ji-on asked in a disappointed voice.

"What the hell is this? Didn't I say you could see everything in Shirone naked?"

"It is the backbone of knowledge."

"The spine of knowledge?"

"It is a chronological arrangement of history. It's hard to make it like this, and even if you try to make it, it's hard to succeed. Shirone's unique growth process seems to have worked."

Zion snorted.

Shirone grew up as the child of a mountaineer, the lowest of the lowest. No matter how much he flew and jumped, he was no better than himself, who had been taught lord lessons since he was born.

"Certainly an ignorant method. In a word, you mean that you put it in with an oath, right? They say they don't understand things they haven't learned and just memorize them."

"Is it really so?"

Arius was smiling happily.

Definitely great.

It was surprising that the spine of knowledge was not great, but that it was staying at the deep 5th level below the REM area.

"It is impossible to establish a spine in the realm of the unconscious with simple memorization. I understand everything. If so, the effect is great. No matter what knowledge you study, you can arrange it clearly. It is so efficient that it cannot be compared to meaninglessly putting knowledge in."

Zion's expression crumpled.

He couldn't see his expression because he was covered by the armored helmet, but Arius could feel the lifeblood rising from him.

"Yes, this is it... ... ."

Zion was offended.

very badly too.

Ever since he was young, he had taken everything he liked and mastered it. No one in the world could have been better educated than Theraze's son.

However, that confidence has been repeatedly damaged since the appearance of Shirone.

Does it make sense that a son of a lowly citizen could be better than a son of an emperor?

Zion's breathing gradually became rougher.

He looked at the books that were tightly packed in the library.

There is no way that Shirone actually read tens of thousands of books. However, it seems like a lot because the knowledge he understood and acquired is organized under perfect categories.

"Damn you son of a bitch!"

Zeon took the blade out of the gauntlet and cut through the bookshelf at random. Scraps of paper fluttered like goose feathers, and the bookshelves were cut as smooth as cheese.

Moving on to the next square, he wielded the blades in both hands and destroyed Shirone's knowledge.

"ruler! How about this? huh? I'll mess with everything in your head!"

Zion's voice trembled with joy.

"haha! is this fun? It would have been easier if it had been like this from the beginning! More, more broken!"

Arius said in a cold voice.

"Stop it."

Although he is not the type to pay attention to what others say, Ji also had no choice but to stop moving this time.

When I slowly turned my head, Arius was giving me a cold look.

Indeed, it was a life worthy of being called the 7 Madou Girls.

"what? Did you just tell me?"

His stomach rumbled, but Ji-on did not lose and fought back.

He is Arius' employer, and the employee must not go against the employer.

Even if this is Arius' garden, the spiritual world, the power of money spreads throughout the universe.

As long as there are creatures called humans living there.

Arius tempered his life.

'Damn the kid... ... .'

To be honest, I almost killed Zeon.

The backbone of knowledge Shirone had achieved was a pleasing sight even to Arius.

Although he is notorious for being one of the Seven Magicians of the Black Line, in terms of intelligence, he was second to none of the world's scholars.

I understood more than anyone else what Shirone was thinking when he created this structure of knowledge. No matter how much the enemy was, it couldn't be without a feeling of ally.

If he hadn't met in this situation, he would have taken care of Shirone wholeheartedly.

Of course, judging from the personality I've experienced so far, there seems to be little chance of entering the black line.

Arius suppressed his anger and returned to his former self.

Whatever the feelings, he is a pro. His convictions did not allow him to rebel against his employer.

"From now on, it is the realm of the unconscious. If you carelessly touch it, there may be errors in Ataraxia. So stop destroying and go down."

Perhaps Ataraxia will be all right. Because step 5 in depth is just the result of step 4.

Changing the effect does not change the cause.

However, Arius did not want to break the spine of knowledge by doing so.

It wasn't because he was saving Shirone.

Truly, this was a space that satisfied his intellectual aesthetics.

At the word ataraxia, Ji also stopped cutting. It took a whopping 4 billion gold to get it, so if it was damaged even a little, it would be a huge loss.

"great. I'm going to die anyway, so let's leave it like this."

Arius smiled in satisfaction.

"Then, shall we go down now?"

Ji-on's foolish behavior made her annoyed, but thanks to her, she gained something. The point is that the egoist does not appear even though the spine of knowledge has been damaged.

Since there are no projectiles below the REM area, Egoist can manifest at any time and punish intruders.

This was one of the reasons why even divers with lucid dream certifications were reluctant to go deeper.

'The egoist is not expressed. It's time to collapse in time.'

And this is exactly what Arius was aiming for.

No matter how fast the mental process went down to level 5, time would have passed in real life. It was safe to say that Shirone had received a fatal wound close to death.

'Can I finally see Ataraxia?'

Arius' eyes were shining more intensely than ever.



* * *



Armin opened the door and entered the fifth stage. Then Shirone, aided by Amy, came in with her gasping for breath.

Shirone, who had barely escaped from the collapse of the REM area, sat down on the floor unable to walk anymore. Her face was fading beyond pale.

"Shirone! it's okay? Come to your senses!"

Amy caressed Shirone's cheeks.

However, what returned was Shirone's harsh stomp and cold voice.

"Get out of the way."

Amy backed away sadly.

Even in an emergency situation to the extent that the mental world collapsed, Shirone's frozen heart showed no sign of loosening up.

Shirone, who was glaring at Amy with her eyes lifted upwards, pursed her lips as if to say something as her extinction was imminent. But her mouth, which had been opened, closed again as Amy turned her around.

Amy looked around with a throbbing heart.

No matter what I see, I will never criticize Shirone. Even if it's a bad heart towards yourself.

"here is... ... ?"

But she couldn't see anything.

What unfolded before my eyes was not the naked emotions, but the flow of history organized by category.

The backbone of knowledge that Shirone talked about earlier.

At the time I heard the story, I only imagined a vague diagram, but seeing it in reality, I thought it was a really great work.

The fact that the backbone of knowledge was engraved in the 5th stage was possible only if a single piece of information was not handled carelessly.

Understanding was impossible without connecting the causal relationship of all the acquired information.

Shirone did it.

I could clearly realize how much effort he had to keep up with the intellectual abilities of the magic school students.

Like Arius, who stayed a while ago, Armin grasped the characteristics at once.

The categories of information on the bookshelf are divided so that you can understand them independently no matter what item you look at.

'What the hell is this kid... ... .'

Above all, this was the realm of the unconscious.

There are certain pieces of information that you will never forget even if you live your whole life. People call this source knowledge.

Shirone had pulled the backbone of knowledge down to the state of source knowledge.

Armin, who was walking around the library while repeating exclamation inwardly, found a section that was broken in a mess.

The books were torn to pieces and the bookshelves were destroyed.

"Looks like they've come and gone."

Amy was upset when she found the bookcase horribly smashed. He knew better than anyone how Shirone felt when he completed the spine of knowledge, so he felt a sense of resentment towards them.

"Bad children. what is this... ... ."

Amy shed tears as she raked up the papers scattered on the floor.

I couldn't forgive Zion. will pay the price in some way.

"Wait a moment."

Armin said.

The collapsed bookshelf was regenerating as if a creature repairs its wounds.

Amy watched the process with a surprised expression.

"How could this be?"

"Normally, this is impossible. However, the complementary knowledge base is formed as a net structure. Even if one route is blocked, it immediately bypasses and establishes a new route. Sooner or later the spine of knowledge will be restored to its former state."

Rayna asked.

"Then why did you break it? Arius would have known. You are an expert."

"It's because I'm an expert."

Reina tilted her head.

But Armin's explanation ended there. It's because there's nothing good about praising the enemy in a situation where you'll be fighting back sooner or later.

Zeon broke and Arius stopped.

It didn't come to mind except that situation.

Although he is degraded as a grave robber by the world, he is a person with strong intellectual pride. He must have been strongly impressed by seeing Shirone's unconscious mind.

As if the invaders did not want to damage the artifacts of other countries.

=======================================
[301] Secrets of the Abyss (2)





"Anyway, this is really amazing."

Shirone categorizes the unconscious perfectly. To be honest, beyond saying it was amazing, I didn't think it was human.

Armin and his party turned to the sound of footsteps coming from the entrance. Shirone, whose complexion was darker than before, walked away breathing heavily.

"I'm a little better. Let's go down quickly."

Amy wiped away her tears and approached Shirone.

"It's fine? I will help you."

"go away. I don't want to be helped by you."

"But you have to go first. Come on."

Amy supported Shirone regardless of the strong resistance.

Shirone couldn't stand it any longer, so he had no choice but to get help.

Reina watched it and smiled bitterly.

'It must have been something like that.'

At first, I couldn't understand how they could ignore each other's feelings and stay friends.

But now I seemed to know. The two were intertwined with a strong trust that transcended emotions.

'I... ... I will never be able to enter that place.'

"What a girl you are."

Armin came to Rayna's side. In his opinion, Amy was holding up well.

Hwashin's hostility is 100% reliable in that it is a pure emotion. Even so, sacrificing for Shirone was not something an ordinary girl could do.

A light smile bloomed on Reina's lips.

"It's enough to last for a year."



* * *



 Syrone's Spirit Level 3.



It was a cold world.

Amidst the blood-freezing cold, Shirone and the others shrugged their shoulders and crossed the frozen sea.

There was no sun, but the ground reflected the moonlight so I could see ahead.

But what unfolded in front of her was only darkness.

Amy imagined the arctic night to be like this.

A bed in the cold, so cold and lonely, and at the same time mysterious.

A crystal as tall as a person would occasionally pass by at an extremely short visual distance.

Each one was a different color and emitted a soft light like a silent creature.

"love. friendship. craving."

said Armin.

"Perhaps it is a gem containing such source emotions. It would be impossible to browse unless we directly access it. It treats the unconscious as if it were conscious. You don't need to worry."

Amy let out a sigh of relief.

Since he hadn't come into contact with his inner feelings, he wouldn't be embarrassed if he met Shirone again.

Of course, I'm talking about when I was alive here.

Although he was going down to the depths, Armin felt like he didn't know Shirone even more.

Looking at the third stage alone, it was an impossible landscape without establishing and defining everything inside.

'How deep is this child's insight?'

While I was thinking about that, the lights in the crystal started to go out one by one. Shirone's appearance became haggard, as if he were about to die.

Amy didn't look back at Shirone.

Because you don't want to show it.

I couldn't even wipe the flowing tears and just moved forward.

The weight of the incarnation was so light that it could no longer be called a human being.

'Just a little longer, bear with me a little longer, Shirone... ... .'

Even when it was difficult to move a single step, Shirone strained her eyes and glared into the darkness.

At last the curtain of darkness lifted to reveal a little shack with a light on.

"That's it. Step 2 in depth."

Now everyone knew.

Armin explained, moving his frozen legs quickly.

"We have penetrated the spiritual world by the shortest distance. You may have caught up with Arius by now. Be prepared for any contingency."

It was about getting ready for battle.

From then on, Amy warmed up her mind with a sequence of numbers.

Reina also took out an arrow covered in frost from the cold and leaned against the door while holding it on the string.

Armin quickly opened the door and went inside to inspect the cabin. Although not a zoner, the light-eyed, which had no visual direction, was able to scan all directions much faster than ordinary people.

Next, Reina turned around and entered the cabin.

He followed Armin with his bow pointed at him and covered him in all directions, but the enemy was nowhere to be seen.

When Armin signaled that he was clean, Amy brought Shirone in.

Her skin, blushing from the cold wind, melted in the warmth of the cabin.

When the door was closed, the sound of the wind disappeared without a trace.

"I-over there... ... ."

Shirone pointed to the sofa in the living room with a trembling hand.

When Amy picked him up, he collapsed on the sofa like a doll with a thread cut.

"a little bit... ... I want to rest."

"That would be nice."

Armin, who was looking at Shirone's condition, agreed.

Then Reina took on the role of the villain and said.

"There is no time to delay. The fact that Arius is not here means that we have already descended to the first level."

"Even if you find ataraxia, it will take time to extract it. Even if you block Arius, if you can't imprint something here, Shirone will die."

"ah... ... ."

Reina recalled the situation in reality.

Xenoger's steel wire is cutting Shirone's throat.

Now that we have reached the end of the depth, it was time to find a solution.

"Stage 1 is the most distant memory of Shirone. It's called maternal consciousness. It's happening in the womb, so it's impossible to plant a clear concept."

"After all, this is Shirone's treasure house."

Rayna looked around.

The precious place Shirone chose was her cozy home. I could guess how much he had lived feeling the warmth of his family.

Amy threw dry wood into the fireplace and cast Ignite.

Damn Ignite.

Thinking to herself, she put out both hands to feel the warmth of the fire, then turned to the group.

"The method is also a problem, but where should I record it?"

"Each person is different. But based on what I've seen so far, I think it might be in the form of a book. Let's go into the library first."

The three of them moved to the library.

Shirone's thoughts throughout his life were classified in the form of a book.

There was even a book whose title was a person's name.

Vincent and Olina, as well as Raina and Armin, were all plugged in.

Amy, who was scanning the names of the magic school students, fixed her gaze on one book.

Karmis Amy.

It was a book with a red cover.

Everything is contained in this book.

What does Shirone think of herself? How was she looking at herself?

As if possessed by something, Amy took out the book and stroked the leather-textured hardcover.

Armin and Reina watched from behind.

"I won't stop you, Amy. If you are satisfied with that."

"Ms. Amy has led Shirone well to this point. You deserve it."

Raina looked back at Armin as if he was surprised.

He allowed it even though he knew that it was a bad thing to understand a woman's heart, but he did not know that Armin would agree.

A thought popped into my mind.

'I see. Are you saying that the probability is much lower than we thought?'

Armin is assuming the worst.

If she can't find a way to save Shirone, Amy will have her last memories with Shirone. It was Armin's consideration to at least know his heart and say goodbye.

"Nope. I won't."

Amy looked only at the cover of the book and then put it back on the bookshelf.

Nothing is over yet. Because Shirone will surely survive. He will continue to compete with himself and become a wizard.

"I don't think there's any way to imprint something on Shirone here. Let's go somewhere else."

As Amy left the study without regret, Armin and Raina looked back at each other and smiled.

Amy met eyes with Shirone, who was staring at her. But now I didn't care because I was in the state of transcendence.

"Yes, hate it to your heart's content. When you return to reality, I will beat you up with excitement."

"I hate you. Really."

"huh! Either that or not. do i hate you too P!"

The moment Amy stuck out her tongue, Shirone coughed.

A sip of blood gushed out, and Amy, pale in face, ran.

"Shirone! It's fine?"

Even in the midst of the collapse of the mental world, only his eyes were clear, but now he was out of focus.

Hwashin was so light that he could no longer feel its weight.

Shirone tried to lift her trembling eyelids and said.

"Why... ... . you... ... I hate it... ... ."

"OK got it. Okay, so calm down."

"... ... no."

Said Shirone in a dying voice.

"You dancing with someone else... ... no."

Amy felt like she had been hit in the head with a hammer.

I thought it was the disappointment of not being able to save his life. He never imagined that it would be because he only danced with Ji-on.

"that's... ... You know that, Shirone... ... ."

It was an event of force majeure.

No, is it really?

Am I completely proud of Shirone's displeasure?

"Idiot, it's not like that."

Amy said in a weeping voice.

In fact, he knew that Shirone would be hurt. Still, he had no choice but to look away.

Because I was too afraid.

"I mean, it's not really like that. I... ... I... ... ."

Shirone squeezed out a faint voice.

"escape... ... hit it take all... ... get out of here I no longer... ... . Everyone will die."

Amy shook her head and hugged Shirone.

No matter what happens, I will not give up. I will never let him go from my arms.

"No one dies. I'll save you! I will definitely save you!"

Shirone was losing consciousness.

No matter how loudly Amy shouted, it seemed as if she couldn't hear her.

"Run away... ... Amy."

Reina, who was looking at Shirone's room, jumped out into the living room and shouted.

"Amy! It's this way! I found it!"

Amy put Shirone on the sofa and ran to her room.

I couldn't even think to wipe away the tears. Since we came to the end of the last, it was a judge's battle from now on.

A notebook was spread out on the table in Shirone's room.

Armin was waiting, and Rayna stomped her feet, not knowing what to do.

Amy came over, pointing to the notebook.

"Is this it?"

"yes. It seems to be a notebook where the stream of consciousness is recorded. But no matter how much I think about it, I can't think of a way to save it. What should I do, Amy?"

Amy went over to the table and looked at her notes.

At the top of the last page was written 'Amy'.

With a sad expression on her face, she flipped through the pages to find out what Shirone was thinking.

It also had Amy's name written on it.

It's also full of notes.

I skipped another page. It was the same.

No matter how many pages I turned, I couldn't find where the name Amy began.

Amy burst into tears again. But she hurriedly shook her head to get her emotions under control.

Shirone must be saved. by any means.

But how?

No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't come up with a way to safely escape Shirone, who was strangled by the steel wire.

At that moment, the cabin shook like an earthquake.

Amy grabbed the table and regained her balance.

If the depth level 2 fluctuates, it means that the real Shirone's life is almost over. At least if they couldn't catch up with Arius, they would all die here.

"Amy! We have to go down now! I'll bring Shirone!"

Reina ran out of the room, but Amy couldn't move.

Even if he died here, he had to come up with a way for Shirone to live.

'no! I don't know! What should I do?'

But reality is different from the spiritual world.

What is not possible is not possible.

Neither Reina nor Armin are fools.

Knowing that it's physically impossible, isn't he first looking for a way for others to survive?

Amy's hand gripping the pen on the table trembled. Each passing second was cursed.

=======================================
[302] Secrets of the Abyss (3)





Armin, who was looking out the door, urged her on.

"There is no time. If you want to do something, you should do it now."

Amy bit her molars and closed her eyes.

There is no way. That said, he couldn't go down to the first level without doing anything.

'If it's Shirone... ... Shirone can do it.'

Amy opened the last page and moved her pen.

Shirone.

this was the best

If I couldn't find a way to save it, I had no choice but to at least change the stream of consciousness.

At that moment, Raina shouted from the living room.

"Amy!"

Amy put down her pen and ran to the living room with Armin.

A man wearing armor that was a mixture of living things and metals was charging towards Shirone.

"Zion!"

Amy's eyes burned.

Arius, the only way to escape this place, was nowhere to be seen, but rather felt good. The person she wanted to defeat the most right now was Ji-on.

Reina pulled Shirone with a narrow car, and Zeon's blade split the sofa.

As much as Amy's rage surged, she strengthened her fireball and threw it. A flame twice as large as usual flew to Ji-on and exploded right away.

Ji-on, blown away by the force of the explosion, slammed her back against the wall. However, just before the collision, the tentacles grabbed the wall and minimized the damage.

As Reina took Shirone away, Armin and Amy blocked the way at the same time.

"It's a double operation."

Armin's Spirit Zone can cover the entire cabin when fully expanded.

If it was an assassin's equalizing, it wouldn't be able to see through it, but it wasn't clumsy enough to miss Zeon's presence.

'I was hiding in the first stage. After all, did Arius already go down?'

Just as Armin and his party had to stay in the second stage to save the real Shirone, Arius also needed time to extract Ataraxia. That's why he sent Zeon to pass the time.

"Do you mean to have it somehow?"

As Armin stepped back towards Shirone, Reina immediately understood and stepped forward.

Only flicker magic and weak magic could not shock the Geumgang Armed Forces.

"Amy, you know?"

"Yes."

The two men recalled their battle in the pantry and moved away from each other.

It was intended to take advantage of the fact that Jion is not good at dealing with blind spots.

"huh! You won't get hit twice."

Zeon blew his tentacles to both sides to block the target from dispersing in advance. Then, using the tension of the tentacle embedded in the wall, it flew towards Reina.

Reina fired her bow as she rolled on the floor.

As the arrow hit the armor, Zeon's body floated into the air.

Amy swung around the target type's spirit zone and fired a series of fire strikes.

Every time the spear of flame brushed, Armand's organic matter burned to a crisp.

"You cheeky bitch!"

Zion, who rotated in the air like a stunt, spurred the wall and flew away.

As the eight tentacles embedded in the wall delivered power all at once, a speed like a gale came out.

Amy twisted her body, checking only afterimages.

Ji-on, who fell to the floor with a thump, swung the blade while rotating with her knees as the pivot.

A flash of silver cut through Amy's neck, revealing her collarbone and upper chest.

Red bloodstains appeared on the skin as clear as milk. A small deep cut would have cut the aorta.

"You child... ... ."

"haha! You're a slutty tavern prostitute!"

Blood leaked from Amy's wound and ran down the collected sternum.

The contrast between white and red fueled Ji-on's madness.

The moment he licked his lips with his tongue and got ready to charge, Shirone glared at Ji-on and frowned.

"Great!"

Darkness gathered in the middle of the confrontation between Zeon and Amy, and the shadow of the sleek and sleek body soared.

Egoist - The Flower of Murder.

His chin was pointed like an awl, and his hair, sharp as a knife, came down to his waist in a large parabola.

Its long arms, like those of a monkey, were in the shape of swords, and its knees bent with reverse joints stored tremendous kinetic energy.

Even the soles of his feet were in the shape of a half moon, like the blades of skates.

"Shoooooooooo!"

Ji-on stepped back with a tired expression at the sharp ear-crying cry that made his teeth ache.

The killing blow compressed the reverse joint and then bounced off, and the figure disappeared without even an afterimage.

If so, it wasn't a head-on rush.

However, since I couldn't even guess the line of movement, Ji-on's pupils were still the same.

 -warning. Moving object recognition not possible. Nervous system paralysis. Automatic defense stance conversion.

As the warning voice was delivered at the speed of thought, Zeon's cloak wrapped around the owner. At the same time, tentacles stretched out in all directions, counterattacking the invisible being.

However, Egoist's shoes of murder avoided even that and hit Zeon with both hands crossed.

As the blade's shadow passed at the speed of sound, the cloak's surface hardened rapidly, leaving a clear X-shaped scar.

pop! And belatedly, the sonic boom exploded.

"Big!"

As Zeon, blown away by the shock wave, rolled on the floor, the cape unfolded.

Zion stopped rolling as he hit the floor with the blade of his gauntlet and looked up at Egoist standing alone.

 -Floating detection. relaxation of the nervous system. Disable automatic defensive stance.

Armand immediately prepared for battle, but Zion had already lost the will to fight.

Isn't it necessary to risk one's life by giving up 4 billion won?

In any case, the time Arius asked for was filled.

After reading the user's emotions, Armand activated the special movement system, and Zeon moved as fast as the wind and disappeared from Shirone's sight.

Amy and Reina gave up the chase and looked at Shirone.

His figure lying in Arius' arms was so transparent that objects could see through it.

"Shirone! What happened?"

Armin explained instead.

"I manifested the Egoist with my final strength. It is impossible to move any further."

"Ah, Mr. Armin, run away."

"Nope. If we don't catch Arius anyway, we can't go out either. Please tell me the way down. If Ataraxia is robbed, a great disaster will come."

Armin put Shirone on the floor. Then the rim of the incarnation glowed brightly and the floor melted like chocolate and flowed down.

"Shirone, are you dying?"

"Nope. it's going down The entrance to the first stage is also a Shirone."

Amy crawled to the floor where it sank into a human form. She and she already shouted at the Shirone that she was more than 5 meters down.

"Shirone! I will definitely save you! I will definitely save you!"

The darkness of the underground eroded the surface of Shirone like a liquid.

Perhaps it was an illusion, but Amy clearly saw a faint smile on Shirone's lips.

And finally, the entire second stage was sucked into the hole.



* * *



 Spirit of Shirone Level 1. maternal psychology.



It was the end of the abyss.

Falling down with the scenery, Amy looked around.

It was a horizontal surface with nothing but not dark.

From somewhere, duguk, duguk, I heard the sound of my heart beating. It was like being submerged in water.

"This sound... ... ?"

Armin appeared from the darkness.

"This is the sound Shirone heard while in the womb. This place is called the mother's womb, and it contains records from occurrence to birth. In other words, it is a place where instincts are created."

"After all, Ataraxia was in its final stages."

At Reina's words, Armin smiled dejectedly.

It was a journey that I ran with only vague possibilities in mind. But I never thought that the ability of an archangel would really be imprinted in the realm of instinct.

'How did you do it? Could it be that I'm possessed?'

Even so, it is too risky.

Possession can gain a stronger mental search ability than Dive, but Egoist's backlash must have been tremendous. There was a great risk that even an archangel would perish if he attempted to possess a normal state of Shirone.

'Well, I can't be certain. If you are an archangel... ... .'

Armin thought the odds were 50/50.

No, to be honest, I can say that it is impossible for any being to enter the mental world of another and overwhelm the incarnation.

However, since the target was an archangel, there is room for variables.

A being far beyond human capabilities.

My teeth still tremble when I think of what I went through when I went to heaven.

"For now, let's go. Arius's work must be quite advanced."

Reina looked around and said.

"But... ... Where should I go?"

"You just have to walk. This is not space. Mages call it a spot. It doesn't matter where you go because there is no direction. If you add the four limbs, the magician's spirit zone is also a phenomenon that appears when the spirit is gathered in the first stage."

Amy nodded at the new fact.

The first stage was a repository for compressing higher-level concepts.

Since there is no space, the volume is infinite.

It occurred to me that infinity might be just a dot, not something huge as commonly imagined.

Following Armin's words, they proceeded recklessly. No matter how I walked, there was no change, so it felt like I was walking in place.

When an object was seen 50 meters in front, a sense of distance arose and the scenery in the first stage changed.

It was a green garden with refreshing birdsong, and pure white statues were randomly erected.

All Amy saw in heaven was a great world war filled with strange mechanical devices, so she didn't notice it, but Armin recognized at a glance that it was an angelic sculpture.

'Is it a trace of Ikael?'

Armin and his party entered the temple built over the fountain. The chill on the marble floor made me feel refreshed.

A statue of an angel with a height of 8 meters was visible, and Arius and Zeon were waiting in front of it.

Arius realized who the masked man was.

It's the first time I've seen his face, but among the scale wizards, there was only one person who dealt with time and had no choice if he was blind.

"Hmm, this is unexpected. I'm sorry I didn't recognize someone as talented as you. But I feel a bit like that. I honestly couldn't even imagine it. To think that they would break the 'agreement' first."

Armin looked at the statue, pretending not to hear.

The archangel cupped her chest in her hands and smiled. His wings wrapped around his body, and above his head a halo floated without even a support.

'Is this the reification of Ataraxia... ... .'

Armin turned his head to Arius and spoke solemnly.

"The agreement oath is still in effect. I came to punish grave robbers as a single mage, and have nothing to do with the organization."

Arius slyly cleared his ears.

"well. As far as I know, your world doesn't run that freely. After all, aren't they playing the role of godmother in the wizarding society?"

"therefore? You mean you won't give up on robbery? You can't run away anyway."

Arius pretended to blow on earwax that wasn't there.

"Is there any need to run away? Again, you have no authority to arrest me. No, it's done. Now is not the time to argue about that."

Arius pointed at the statue and introduced it as if it were his own.

"How is it? Archangel Ichael of Amplification. Among her abilities, Ataraxia is known to be the most powerful super-magic booster. I imagined it, but who knew it would be so beautiful?"

"Are you going to let me take it?"

Ji-on raised her chin and said.

"Of course you should take it. How much is this thing From now on, I am the owner of Ataraxia."

"You bastard! People like you don't deserve to be alive!"

Amy turned on the lights in her eyes and ran.

At that moment, my vision was distorted and I felt that the distance was getting farther away.

When I came to my senses, Armin was standing next to me.

It was Flickr magic.

"What's wrong? We need to catch Arius quickly."

Armin fired a wind cutter.

A shuriken-shaped wind broke at the halfway point with a clanging sound. A thin stream of electricity spread in a right angle around the point of impact.

"It's a mind wave barrier. Divers call it 'threading'. Syrone's spirit was drawn into strands and woven into the form of a barrier."

Arius clapped happily.

"You are also well-informed. The Eternal Reflector was not a falsehood. That's the correct answer. While you followed slowly like a turtle, I played around with Shirone's spirit."

=======================================
[303] Secrets of the Abyss (4)





Amy shouted, burning her crimson eyes.

"You bastard! On the subject of thieves, make a barricade with the owner's belongings? If you're a wizard too, let's fight proudly! Why are you afraid of losing to me?"

"haha! There is a difference in level, but is it necessary? Especially Armin, I know you're not in a normal state."

Arius put his hand on the statue.

"The rehearsal is over. The reason we waited for you before the main performance was because we wanted to share this historic moment with everyone. It will be a spectacle that you will never see in your lifetime, so please enjoy it."

When the scale magic resizing was cast, the 8-meter statue of Ataraxia shrank to a size similar to that of a chess unit.

When the archangel's statue turned into a figure, Ji-on's eyes shone.

With that size, it's not difficult to carry around in your pocket. You can use Ataraxia anytime, anywhere.

"Hmm, this is great. Then where... ... ."

"You bastard! That's Shirone! I won't let you go if you touch me!"

Seeing Amy shake her teeth, Ji-on felt like she was going to explode.

"haha! What are you going to do? There's nothing you can do anyway. Just watch the sight of Ataraxia becoming mine."

Arius grabbed the archangel figure and lifted his upper body with a sobbing sound.

But for some reason it didn't budge.

I exerted my strength until my face turned red, but to no avail.

"... ... ."

Arius left the figure and stepped back.

Then, looking back at the people who were paying attention to him, he burst into laughter as if embarrassed.

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

why isn't it moving?

Resizing has nothing to do with mass because it reduces the scale of space. What is a small pebble to humans is a huge rock to ants.

'I still can't lift it. A mass that transcends dimensions? No, there is no dimension beyond scale magic. So what's the problem?'

Zion, who was worse off, pushed Arius away and took his place.

"Move. What are you struggling with?"

Arius let Zeon do it. There is no difference in the strength of a kid, but Armand should be able to produce power comparable to the schema.

"Anyway, sorcerers are... ... ."

Ji-on clicked his tongue and bowed his head.

As I grabbed the archangel figure and grabbed my wrist with the other hand, Armand immediately reacted.

 -Activation of muscle strengthening system. Increased energy metabolism rate. muscle fiber enhancement. Flexibility of movable joints. Strengthen ligament tension. Reset force center point.

"Turn it off!"

Holding on to Ataraxia, Ji-on straightened her back and was surprised by the unexpected weight.

However, he was also overflowing with strength through Armand's strength training program. I thought I could move a rock the size of a house.

Ji-on spread his bent knees and pulled his upper body upward.

Finally, the figure of the Archangel began to emerge about a finger.

"I can't go on like this! I have to get in somehow and get it back!"

Amy shouted, but Armin only looked at Zeon's movements.

I can tell because he is also a scale wizard. It's not because Ataraxia is heavy that you can't hear it. It was clear that some rule other than mass was at work.

'What's going on?'

Zeon succeeded in lifting Ataraxia up to her waist.

"done! Hey, now this is mine... ... !"

At that moment, a metal sound like a scream was heard and the son-in-law was dyed red. The peaceful appearance of the temple turned into a dangerous atmosphere in an instant.

When the archangel's figure exploded, Zeon and Arius flew to the wall. On the other hand, Armin's party was safe thanks to the rupture of the mental wave barrier, which offset the shock.

Zeon borrowed the power of Armand and took center stage.

When he tried to run back to Ataraxia after Ogi was activated, Arius leaned against the wall and shouted.

"It's not possible! Don't come close!"

A magic circle was engraved on the floor, and a cylindrical curtain of light surged up to protect the figure. The ancient language of Heaven then began to be rapidly engraved on the surface of the tabernacle.

"We have to go quickly and get Ataraxia back!"

Reina put her arrow on the string and prepared to run. But Armin stretched out her arm to block her charge.

"wait a minute! That's a sealed margin."

If alchemy developed magic engineeringly, Bongmajin is the result of spiritually developing magic.

Magicians do not recognize the dichotomy between good and evil, but in the religious world, many beings defined as evil have been imprisoned in the barracks.

Arius was also very nervous when he realized that it was the process of disarming the seal.

'Why is there a seal attached to Shirone's consciousness?'

It is impossible to engrave something without a trace in the maternal psychology that takes place in the womb.

Even if he was possessed, it would be normal to have at least a statue like Ataraxia. Perhaps it was a mutation that occurred when Shirone was in an embryonic state.

However, the probability that the logical combination, the Bongmajin, would manifest in the first stage of the spirit was lower than the probability that the parts swept away by the wind would spontaneously assemble into a carriage.

The golden ancient languages ??climbing up the curtain of light finished the process. As programming died out, a sentence was written in the center of the cylinder.

Arius quickly interpreted the language of Heaven.

'La Hadamah Judran Arab, Ya Ahud Min Alfoud. Lord of Chaos, tear down the border wall. I don't know what it is, but it won't come out cute. yes?'

A new phrase was written below the sentence.

Due to the nature of the sealing margin, the sealer's signature must be written. The exorcists' utterances such as 'I give an order in the name of so-and-so' are like that. Also, this was proof that Shirone's security device was artificially designed.

"what... ... ?"

Armin and Arius, who could read the ancient language, were frozen.

As if written in human handwriting, the slowly drawn line of light placed a period next to the designer's name.

The name of the lost person was engraved.



 McLean Guffin

Master of Incarnation (1)





'Nonsense! Nonsense! Nonsense!'

Arius's head turned faster than ever. It was 80 percent excitement, 19 percent fear, and 1 percent denial.

The sealed margin designed by Guffin is obviously a security device to prevent the robbery of the mother's mind. Otherwise, I cannot explain the reason for my silence until now.

'But what the hell... ... why? No, why the hell?'

The first stage is the area of ??the gene level. Could the remains of a Guffin be hiding in a place like this?

The result of Guffin ended 18 years ago. So, when was the seal margin created?

Arius remembered Shirone's age.

'Eighteen. But what kind of eighteen are you? before reset? After reset?'

There is no way to know. But Arius felt like blind faith.

'Is it time to reset?'

Crack field verification experiments prove the gap between time and energy. Even though the gap is only a moment, the universe faces a crack due to it.

There is no guarantee that Shirone was born in a rift. There is no probability, and there is no evidence to support the fact.

But Arius was seized with a strong conviction.

Indeed, if Guffin designed the security device, no wizard in existence would be able to disarm it.

But why didn't it be installed on the 11th level, where the interference of others is the most severe?

'Because it was inevitable.'

It was installed in the state of a fetus, or the state of an embryo.

'Are you saying that robbery was impossible from the beginning?'

No diver other than Arius can penetrate the guphin's bar margin.

But he still hasn't given up hope.

'I guess it depends on what comes out of there.'

The existence that was trapped in the seal raised its face above the magic circle.

It resembled a rhino and had gray matter skin. It was covered in bumpy bumps that even a knife could not go through. It had seven eyes, one in the center and three on each side.

The leg protruding from the bar margin hit the floor.

When the monster pulled the body up to the opposite leg, the floor of the temple collapsed and poured into the ground.

It was a mistake to guess the size based on the face alone. Its torso was 100 times larger than its face. Its stomach was wickedly inflated, and its back was studded with thousands of horns curved like lightning.

It was as if the anger of the egoist, which had been manifested in the 7th stage, appeared in real form.

"Damn it!"

Arius got annoyed and distanced himself.

Drinking Behemoth.

He was the king of beasts, active long before the history of mankind.

'It's good enough for antiques, how old are they?'

Behemoth is a being that appears in the creation myth even in heaven. Even powerful Maras should bow 90 degrees to Behemoth, and that is why they are called Demon Gods.

Waking up from a long slumber, the Behemoth did not move for a while. Then he snapped his head and relaxed, and he looked down at the people with seven eyes.

"Foolish humans, I will destroy you according to the contract of the beast."

Behemoth, who issued an order to kill, made electricity form at the vertices of the horns on its back.

Thousands of lightning bolts turned on at the same time, and everyone's face turned pale.

"Damn it! I have to get out."

As soon as Arius opened the door, he left.

On the other hand, Ji-on looked at the archangel's figure with regret. However, the moment he turned his attention to the Behemoth's electric power, which seemed to burn up the space at any moment, he let out a scream without realizing it and ran toward the door.

"We must get out too! Follow me!"

Armin shouted at the two women.

There was no need to judge and sleep this time.

The demon was a double-S class existence by the standards of the wizarding society. This means that arithmetically, it has the power of 370 9th-class battle mages.

Even in practical terms, it was possible to deal with more than 20 6th grade wizards, assuming that they knew how to attack.

Moreover, since various variables occur depending on characteristics and combinations in actual combat, it was necessary to have combat power at least 1.8 times the practical standard to reliably suppress it.

In a word, it was said that at this level of party, not even teeth, let alone nails, went into it.

Amy and Reina slammed into the door without even looking back, and Armin immediately followed by casting flicker magic.

Thousands of lightning bolts entangled in a chain of charges, forming an electric field like a spider's web. Bolts beyond the saturation point spread out in all directions, destroying the space.

The door absorbed the powerful energy and disappeared with a bang.



* * *



Armin and the others were thrown out of the door as if they were being shot from a cannon. Amy and Reina rolled across the floor, and only Armin managed to keep his balance and land.

"Are you okay?"

Amy let out a continuous cough.

"Suddenly, I couldn't breathe. Coke!"

As soon as she jumped into the door, a powerful frenzy blew from the side of Shirone's mental world. If it had been a little too late to get out, it would have been roasted in the Behemoth's bolt.

Arius had already fled and only Zeon remained. However, as if he was in confusion, he couldn't take any action even after seeing Armin's party.

Amy saw Shirone hanging upside down in a spider's web.

The time force field hasn't been released yet, but it won't last long in this state. Eventually, the force field would have to be solved, and no one could have predicted what would happen next.

"I think the blood vessels have already been cut. What should I do?"

"What did you imprint on Shirone's consciousness?"

Amy shook her head in despair.

"I couldn't think of anything. So I had no choice but to write Shirone."

"Good job. If you can't come up with a concrete strategy, the abstract will help. You can use Shirone's ritual. From now on, we will solve the force field. Be prepared."

"Ha, but... ... !"

Amy wasn't ready mentally.

Since the stream of consciousness has been changed, Shirone may instinctively find a solution, but if he fails, Shirone's head will be cut off the next moment.

=======================================
[304] Master of Incarnation (2)





"I cannot delay. I need to give Shirone some leeway. The steel line continues to tighten my neck. Anything we procrastinate will only make things worse."

Amy's words of opposition rose up in her throat, but she swallowed them desperately.

Armin was right. If it's going to happen anyway, you have to bet on the side with the highest odds.

"I'm worried about Shirone too, but I have to go after Arius. You'll need to retrieve the timeline you used on Shirone. I'll give you three seconds. If no other solutions come out of it, the force field will be released."

A timer automatically turned on in Amy and Raina's minds. 1 second, 2 seconds... ... . No solution came out.

By the time I reached 3 seconds, I had left everything to fate.

It was a situation close to coercion, but in any case, the time force field was released while prepared to face reality.

'Good luck, Shirone...' ... .'

After recovering the timeline, Armin uses flicker magic to get out of the pantry.

Missing Arius would reveal to the world that he had broken the pact, which would lead to an international conflict equivalent to the Ataraxia problem.

Amy and Reina, unaware of Armin's disappearance, focused their attention on Shirone's next situation.

A light flashed from Shirone's body just as he felt Xenoger's face come to life. The short-diameter beam exploded once and Xenoger was thrown out.

When the intensity of the beam was increased and the blow was close to the physical barrier, Xenoger was shocked as if he had been hit by a carriage.

But he couldn't understand.

The feeling of cutting the skin was still lingering in my fingertips. It was the first time in the history of his assassination that he was struck back after feeling this sensation.

"Shirone... ... ."

Amy's voice trembled with emotion.

There was no way to know how Shirone had deflected Xenoger. Even if she changed her stream of consciousness, it was by no means the casting speed and power that could be used at the level of a magic school student.

The spider's web holding Shirone burned to a red light and soon turned into hard ash and snapped off. Conducting heat by shooting a laser through a 1-millimeter-thick spider web was also a precision that Shirone could not use at present.

Amy, who was relieved that Shirone was alive, thought that something was strange.

However, when Shirone fell backwards with a thud, his mind went blank again and he kicked off the floor and ran away.

"Shirone!"

"Don't move!"

Xenoger, who had been thrown out in a wide blast, flew back and pressed the back of Shirone's head and suppressed her back. Even so, the eyes were shaking without being aware of the situation.

'What the hell happened?'

After a fleeting moment passed, I could only think that the world had suddenly changed. The women tied up with spider webs were also released, and the locations were different.

'I got hit by something.'

There was no way for Xenoger, who was trapped in the time field, to grasp the current situation. However, the mind built up through years of experience quickly eliminated meaningless variables.

Something out of awareness just happened.

If you keep in mind who your current enemy is, the last person left will be you anyway.

"Xenoger! kill! Right Now!"

Zion finished the calculation and shouted.

If Shirone survives even after Arius escapes, he will be poisoned. The only way he could plan his future was to kill Shirone as well as everyone involved in the incident today.

"Who knows how to do that!"

Amy ran to Xenoger.

Make no mistake this time. Even if he had to give up his life, he would save as much as Shirone.

Xenoger's movements were a little faster. The steel wire pulled out of his mouth was tied back into a noose and hung around Shirone's neck.

However, just before pulling the steel wire, red light sources gathered around Shirone and high-powered lasers were shot in all directions.

A single laser pierced Xenogger's shoulder as soon as it hit him.

"yes? what is this... ... Aagh!"

Amy widened her eyes.

I saw the power of the laser many times, but it was unbelievably high power. He wasn't this powerful even when Shirone cast it at full power.

Feeling threatened, Xenoger fell flat on the floor. Then, as is the habit of insects, he moved his limbs and retreated without taking his eyes off Shirone. He climbed up the wall upside down and crashed into the spider's favorite corner of the ceiling.

When Xenoger failed, Zeon decided to punish Shirone himself. He stretched the blade of his gauntlet and charged.

"die! You insignificant child!"

"Prince! It's not possible! Avoid!"

Despite Xenoger's dissuade, Zeon did not stop.

Shirone staggered with her head down before extending her hand to Ji-on who was approaching from the side. In an instant, a thin laser pierced Zeon.

A response came after 1 second.

"Aaaagh!"

Ji-on fell backwards, clutched at his stomach, and rolled on the floor, as if he had been hit by a strong wind.

I don't know where or how it happened. But I felt a tremendous pain in my stomach.

 - Occurrence of abdominal perforation. Maximize cell regeneration capacity. Injection of nociceptive substances. A 48 percent decrease in the use of physical abilities. Estimated recovery time 3 minutes 47 seconds. need a rest.

"Prince! Are you okay?"

Xenoger, who crawled on his arms and legs like a bug, supported Zeon's upper body. Even so, the left eye was watching Shirone's every move.

As an assassin of the Spatur clan, he has his own manual for dealing with wizards.

However, it was the first time such a simple magic was used. If his brain had been pierced, Zeon would have died instantly.

Shirone hadn't uttered a word until now. He was just staggering, as if he were a drunk man.

Then, after shooting the laser, he trembled.

A handful of blood gushed out of his mouth as he coughed violently.

"Damn it, the human body... ... ."

As Shirone slowly raised her face, Amy covered her mouth with a frightened expression.

The pupils had turned black, and blood vessel-like nerves protruded from the corners of the eyes and to the temples.

Amy realized that the expansion of the nervous system had strengthened Shirone's magic.

But it wasn't normal.

The monster's temperament that appeared in the first level of depth was felt in Shirone as well.

"Shirone, are you really Shirone?"

Shirone did not answer.

Of course, he was Shirone. It was only integrated with Behemoth at the stage of incarnation.

It is different from possessing, where two selves share an incarnation. Integrating literally means mixing.

It was different from pure Shirone, but in the end, if it was Shirone's incarnation, he was definitely Shirone.

"Answer me! Who the hell are you?"

Shirone said with a cool smile.

"It's me, Amy. I don't know?"

Amy was sure.

The existence in front of him was not Shirone.

"lie! You are that monster! Quickly bring Shirone back to normal!"

Shirone has a cold disposition. But now it was like looking at an active volcano with boiling lava.

Shirone ignored Amy and looked ahead.

The only emotion that drives him now is anger. Anger that seemed like it would explode in the stomach if I didn't vomit it right away.

Where that anger was directed, there was Jion.

Healing his wounds before he knew it, he pulled out the blade of his gauntlet and finished preparing for the sortie.

"Little people... ... . Do you think I would get beaten by someone like you?"

Xenoger noticed and suggested.

"Prince, avoiding now... ... ."

"Shut up! Where are you running away from, leaving behind a traitor who fatally wounded the prince of a country!"

It's not because of pride.

If the case ends like this, he must pay the price for attempting to assassinate Shirone. However, if he killed Shirone here, he could rather cover up the incident by accusing Shirone of being a traitor.

"Xenoger, disturb him. I'll hit you from behind."

"I understand, Prince. I don't care if I die, so please preserve the jade body."

Shirone looked at Zeon and Xenoger indifferently.

However, a tremendous chemical reaction of anger occurred within him, and his consciousness was blown away.

"Go, Prince!"

Xenoger charged in an attack-oriented stance.

As an Assassin, the truth is that if you attack Shirone now, you will die. But he was willing to fly towards death.

"Long live Her Majesty Theraze! Preserve the Spartur clan!"

Xenoger threw out steel wires with all his might.

I don't even want fatal injuries. All you have to do is give Ji-on time to realize the reality and run away.

With today's sacrifice, the Spartur clan would be able to continue their lives.

"yes?"

There was nothing where the steel wire extended.

Arriving at the place where Shirone was standing, he looked back and got goosebumps.

Instantaneous movement of explosive speed.

Upon arriving at Ji-on, Shirone grabbed Ji-on by the neck and ran to the wall.

"Keugh!"

Ji-on was strangled with a span in the air.

Shirone's distorted face caught my eye even as I gasped. The pupils became darker, and the raised nerves around the eyes extended to the cheekbones.

"Hey, I found it. It is you."

Ji-on's face was familiar yet unfamiliar.

However, it was not something that Shirone knew now. The only thing that mattered was that a great anger flared up the moment he saw Ji-on.

As the surface of Shirone's eyes flashed with light, Ji-on realized for the first time that light can dwell even in darkness.

The victim's face turned pale.

Armand had no time to worry about other strategies as he was supplying oxygen to Zion, whose airway was blocked. Also, that was the only order given by Jion.

Seeing that Ji-on was still trembling even when he should have died of suffocation, Shirone was displeased. Then he examined the limp tentacle and raised the corner of his mouth.

"It is an object. Then how about this one?"

As Syrone's nerves grew thicker, she lifted the skin up her arm and up to her wrist.

Grasp strength increased. The blood vessels in his eyes made a popping sound, and his eyelashes turned red with blood.

'neck... ... my neck... ... .'

Shirone intended to break her neck.

Despite Armand's body strengthening ability, a creaking and twisting sound came from his throat. Ji-on fell into incontinence with goosebumps.

"I, Xenoger... ... ."

I called out desperately, but there was no answer. Deciding that there was no chance that Zeon could survive, he fled to inform his clan that Terraze's retribution would befall them.

"This is really irritating. still not broken No, is my body weak?"

The incarnation combined with the Behemoth forcibly expanded Shirone's mind. The power of magic increased, but it was also accompanied by the pain of being torn apart.

However, when he was suffocated, he sucked up oxygen with the objet, and when he tried to break his neck, his muscles did not keep up.

Shirone's words came to Zion in fear.

After experiencing something like a near-death experience for a while, the world looked different when I came back. There is nothing more expensive than human life.

"If you kill me... ... ."

Zion squeezed out his last strength and shouted.

"If you kill me, you won't be safe either! I am Theraze's son!"

At the same time, Shirone threw Ji-on to the other side.

Ji-on, who rolled to the floor, grabbed his neck and let out a choking sound. Water and saliva flowed down, not covering his eyes, nose, and mouth.

Shirone touched her wrist and clicked her tongue. It was quite painful because the ligaments were stretched.

He cannot break his neck vertebrae with his own body. It was quite satisfying in his mental realm, but it was because he didn't pay attention to strengthening his body.

As Shirone approached, Ji-on trembled.

As I passed the death ordeal, my head spun. The reason Shirone saved herself. It was because I had heard the name Theraje.

'Well, even a psycho would be afraid. If you kill me, what will you do with the aftermath?'

Contrary to Ji-on's expectations, Shirone was not afraid or took it seriously. He just recalled an incident that left a lasting impression in his memories of a long time ago.

"Terrazera. It's a name I haven't heard in a long time. That girl is really funny too. therefore... ... What about Theraze?"

"I told you, I am Theraze's child. If you kill me, Mother will find you even to the ends of hell and kill you."

Shirone tilted her head.

"What are you talking about? you... ... Were you a woman?"

"huh! I know the rules for female direct lineage! But no matter what, it's blood! My sister likes me too! If you touch me, Theraze's entire army will pursue you."

"pooh... ... ."

Air leaked out as Shirone's lips vibrated.

"Puhahahaha! Fuhahahaha!"

=======================================
[305] Master of Incarnation (3)





When Shirone burst into laughter, Ji-on's face flushed.

To see an insignificant celestial man looking down at himself and laughing at him. It was the first time in his life that he had experienced such humiliation.

Shirone shook his head with a face that showed no trace of laughter.

"Is that so? It must have been a lot of years. Do you really know nothing?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Therazze has no son. She said she only gave birth to daughters. You are just a shell of Theraze."

Ji-on's face became stunned.

What do you mean you don't have a son? Doesn't he only have daughters? Then who are you? No, are there any children who have no parents in the world?

Ji-on wrinkled his face like a wounded beast.

"shut up! How does a guy like you know that? you are a psychopath He was eaten by that monster and went mad! What are you talking about my mother carelessly?"

"Didn't Therazze tell you? You must have been a really pathetic guy. Even if it's not a child, it's a personality that treats you properly if you have outstanding abilities. I guess you weren't worth it."

"When did you meet your mother!"

Ji-on lost his temper and rushed.

He had lived his whole life with the pride of being the son of Theraze. But what about the shell?

No, it's the bullshit of a madman. There was no way that such a lowly people could have met Theraje, the emperor of the continent, from the beginning.

"I am royalty! An illegitimate child is not to be treated lightly!"

The moment the blade of the gauntlet swooped down on Shirone's neck, the photon cannon hit Zeon's abdomen.

After coughing up a bagful of blood, Jion flew 10 meters away and landed on a flour bag.

"Ouch! Kuck!"

As the bag was torn apart, flour poured down on Ji-on like a waterfall.

His face, covered in flour and blood, looked like a clown.

Armand said. unable to fight.

It was the only information that Ji-on could relate to.

Shirone floated a photon cannon on her palm and walked away.

"Humans like that. King, lineage, lineage, family. But Theaze, whom you trust and follow, told me this."

Ji-on raised his head with difficulty. Then, he watched the photons floating on Shirone's palm vibrate and grow.

Shirone copied Theraze's tone and said.

"Even if they are royalty, they are only a genealogy of blood passed down by humans. But... ... ."

Shirone's Photon Cannon became stronger.

Zion, who was half-conscious, was losing his eyes to the light with a hazy expression, as if he didn't even know that it was magic that would attack him.

Shirone grinned while holding the photon cannon.

"Talent is a gift from the sky."

The photon cannon fell in a violent arc. Tears streamed down Ji-on's eyes as he stared at the trail of light.

A powerful impact shook the pantry. The photon cannon, buried in Armand's fibers, crushed the ship until Zeon's organs were ripped apart, only to disappear after exerting all of its strength.

The flour spread in a ring and was shrouded in thick fog on all sides.

Amy and Reina stamped their feet nervously, peering through the white smoke. A shadow appeared, and Shirone appeared.

Amy couldn't speak.

Even if that boy was Shirone, the temperament rising from him was precarious and uneasy, like holding a time bomb in his arms.

"I will rise to the ground. Run away as quickly and as far as you can. I'll take care of this."

It was the moment when anxiety became reality.

Run away quickly and far. Such a story could only be said during natural disasters such as typhoons and earthquakes.

"What are you going to do? Whoever you are, you need to treat your injuries first. That body belongs to Shirone!"

"I am Shirone."

Shirone raised her head to the ceiling. A cold gaze slowly descended and turned to Amy.

"Are you disappointed?"

Amy gasped and said nothing.

Shirone strengthened her spirit by containing her great resentment. The sound of blood vessels bursting could be heard sadly under the skin.

When the laser was cast, a flash of light the thickness of a log shot up to the ceiling. The ceiling began to shake as the thermal energy accumulated rapidly.

"Shirone! wait for a sec... ... !"

"Dangerous! We have to run!"

Reina grabbed Amy's wrist and ran to the exit.

As they left the pantry, an explosion erupted from Shirone's side.

The shockwave knocked the floor apart, and the two turned their heads while lying down. A huge rock had fallen and blocked the entrance to the food storage.



* * *



The music of the court musicians sounded discordant.

An earthquake shook the Grand Hall, and the women sat down screaming. The men also looked around with terrified expressions.

"Is it an earthquake? Kazura doesn't belong to the birth belt, right?"

"Everyone get down! Get under the table!"

At the shouts of the guards, the nobles crawled into the table. The person who took the seat first and the person who arrived last had a physical fight. It was like watching a bullfight.

The earthquake lasted about a minute and then stopped.

The aristocrats who came to their senses crawled out of the table with embarrassed expressions.

Orkamp and Eliza, who were supported by the royal knights, also had pale faces.

No earthquake has ever been reported in Khazra's history. An ominous foreboding flashed through Orkamp's mind.

The north side of the Grand Hall exploded with a bang. Bricks splattered in all directions, and smoke billowed.

A handful of nobles who had longed for it lost their reason. Falling to the floor, they struggled meaninglessly with their arms and legs.

The first group to grasp the situation were the royal castle guards and the personal bodyguards of nobles.

Realizing that it was not a natural disaster, royal knights surrounded the king and queen, and personal bodyguards closely followed the nobles.

"Is it a raid? what's the matter?"

The guards searched for Litney Walker, the head of the bodyguard. The man who had been there just a moment ago was nowhere to be seen.

The chain of command was thrown into chaos.

If you are a terrorist of an enemy country, you must raise the security level to the highest level. However, there were too many difficult factors to make a decision ignoring the orders of the superior.

For a while nothing happened.

Nobles tried not to lose their dignity. I hid my thoughts and looked through the hole in the floor.

However, when In-young soared, he hit his butt as if he had never done that.

"That... ... Shirone?"

Orkamp muttered with a puzzled expression.

It was none other than Shirone who appeared after making a mess of the Grand Hall.

I remember dancing with Reina just an hour ago. But why is she doing this?

"Shirone, what the hell are you doing?"

The royal knights blocked the front of Orkamp.

"Your Highness, don't approach me. Something is strange."

Even in Orkamp's eyes, Shirone's appearance was clearly different from that of an hour ago. He seemed like a different person just by changing the color of his eyes, but the most disparate thing was his impression.

Shirone doesn't make such an emotional expression. He, who had maintained a calm poker face under any circumstances, was now frowning painfully.

"These days, the castle has good durability. Humans have evolved quite a bit too."

The guardsman approached with his foot in a posture.

"Shirone-sama, it is strictly forbidden to use magic in the castle... ... !"

Shirone fired the photon cannon without looking back.

The guard knight who threw his body rolled on the floor at the same time as the fall. A burst of photon cannons chased after him, scratching the marble floor.

"From now on, no one will make fun of me without my permission. I make my judgment."

That Shirone was sincere was proved by the previous attack. If the reaction of the Royal Guard had been a little late, the photon cannon's bombardment would have shattered his limbs.

In an instant, the air in the Grand Hall turned cold. The aristocrats looked at each other, but their expressions were incomprehensible.

For several days, the Shirones they evaluated were herbivores. A docile and honest prey that is easy to use.

But now, the feeling that Shirone conveyed was ferocious enough to be frenzied, even to nobles who had gone through all the battles before birth.

The guards waited for the commander's order in place of the missing Walker. However, a person who had been outside of responsibility could not make such a crucial decision carelessly.

"Captain, what should I do? Please give me instructions!"

The commander rolled his eyes nervously.

The main troops are stationed outside the castle, so it will take time to come even if you contact them. From the beginning, it was abnormal for the incident to happen in the Grand Hall, the heart of the castle.

"Captain! instructions! Shall we activate the magic control device?"

The lieutenant's face contorted.

"I know that's easier said than done, you idiot!"

The Magic Control Device interferes with the wizard's concentration. However, the effect did not cover Pia. When the magical power control device is activated, the magicians of the allies will also be tied limbs.

'Damn it, what should I do? Should I turn on the controls? But just to catch one, making all allies' mages useless? If something goes wrong, should I take care of the back? No, where did this walker disappear to?'

As it is a matter related to the king's safety, a decision must be made considering all possible variables.

However, the thoughts of the deputy commander, weighed down by the burden, eventually ended with escaping reality and resentment toward Walker.

"Controls are a last resort. Why don't you leave it to us instead?"

The unit commander turned his head as if he had met the savior. Khazra's head of magic, Aimar Bossun, was walking.

"Ah, are you really okay?"

"Our department has been closely monitoring Shirone's movements. It seems that he finally showed his true colors. But we alone are enough to overwhelm them. With the security manager's permission, can we use magic?"

"of course. If you do your best... ... ."

It is far better to have two than to take on the responsibility alone. In addition, Bossun has a strong influence in the royal castle, so even if Sadal comes out, he will not ignore it.

Bossun gave a fake smile and moved on to Shirone. Then, one by one, Bosun's subordinates escaped from the crowd of nobles and followed him.

"I will stand by your side, sir."

The seat next to Bosoon was occupied by Mito Ekkashi, who was closest to him.

He was 153 cm tall, had thick eyes, and had a childlike face with fiercely torn eyes.

Having traveled to many battlefields since he was young, he was a new member of the Kazura Magic Department who rose to the official rank of 6th at the age of twenty-three.

Of course, there are extreme geniuses like Olifer Shiina, who reached the official 6th grade at the age of 20. However, even at the kingdom level, such people were in a situation where they only appeared once every 10 years, so if it was Ekashi, it would be fair to call them the future of Kazura.

"It's an unexpected good news, sir."

"Hmm, unexpected things tend to turn into bad things. But I can say that you are right this time."

Casting magic in the palace is a grave sin. Furthermore, since Shirone attacked the Royal Guard knight and even uttered words of treason, it was as if he had branded himself a death row inmate.

"Yes, what made the candidate for the first prince so angry?"

Shirone glared coldly at Bossun.

She is herself who wanted to slap him on the chin just an hour ago. But now I didn't even think about it. He just wanted to kill him.

"It's you, the one who drives me crazy."

Bosoon's heart beat fast at the 100% purity of life, which is hard to see as human.

However, the momentum did not lag behind in the slightest. Gently turning his chin, he spoke to the royal guard.

"Take Your Highness with you and evacuate. I will take care of this place."

"All right. Your Highness, please go."

Orkamp shook off the hand of the royal knight.

We don't know why Shirone suddenly changed, but if he leaves, Bossun will kill her somehow. In that case, he had no choice but to hand over his seat to the Terra Ze faction.

"Who said you were running away? Who is the king to you?"

"Oh, sorry!"

Sensing the mistake, the guardsmen knelt. Since the situation was urgent, I followed Bosun's words.

Of course, if the case were different, it would have been enough. However, it was true that Bosoon was careless considering that he was part of the Theraze faction.

=======================================
[306] Master of Incarnation (4)





"But Your Highness, this place is dangerous."

"That too is for me to judge. The royal guard is to protect the king. Isn't it?"

"I will keep that in mind. Then move to a safer place."

A tantrum broke out among the nobles as Orkamp passed Bosun and took up his position on the south side of the Grand Hall. It is because the king does not evacuate, so they must remain in this place without moving.

As nobles gathered around Orkamp, ??private bodyguards followed their employers.

Regardless of the level, it is a phenomenon called magic that erases a person's life in an instant. Nobles had no intention of lending their shields to others as long as Bossun decided to step forward.

Still, it was a 4-on-1 battle. The top leaders of the magic department, including the official 4th grade, must have had a different level of combat power than Zeon.

"Seeing that he is committing such a foolish act, it seems that it is wrong for the candidate for the first prince to become great. After living in the royal castle for a few days, everything seems to be your own?"

"I won't take this even if I give it to you. Did you say bosun? In other countries, the guy who needs to shine the shoes of the archmage has been sold for doing some farming."

Bossun laughed out loud because he was truly absurd. He had no idea that he would hear such nonsense from his distant junior.

Most of all, he felt extreme anger when he dismissed his major, plant magic, as just farming.

Of course, plant magic is not magic specialized for combat.

Compared to battle mages who practiced one element, such as freezing or fire, to the limit, plant mages studied various elements and based on them, changed the formulation of fertilizer or cultivation method to improve agricultural productivity.

In a sense, it can be said that it is the farthest from combat.

However, if you become a certified 4th class wizard, you will have at least one organ that can overwhelm your opponent no matter what field you choose.

"Your child is so arrogant. Then, this time, I will evaluate your skills."

Bossun rummaged through his pockets and pulled out dozens of seeds, spread them out on his palm. They were all different colors and different shapes and sizes.

"It's my organ 'a handful of seeds'. A comprehensive gift set of asexual plants that I have improved. It's all mixed up, so I don't know what's going to come out."

Bossun waved his arm to scatter the seeds.

When the spirit zone was opened, sprouts began to sprout in the air, and they grew into plants that showed their own characteristics by growing at a rapid pace.

Three seeds of Kawangkra were the first to become adults. The shape of the flower was a pale green sphere, which opened to reveal sharp teeth. As the roots grew, they grabbed Shirone's arms and legs, opened her snout, and flew away.

Kieh Aeg!

As Shirone detonated the short-range berserker, Kawangkra's flowers exploded with a pop. Kawangk was ferocious enough to tear the skin of a poisonous snake, but the durability of the plant was insignificant.

However, each of the other seeds landed safely and threatened Shirone with their unique traits.

As the giant flora matured, it turned the northern part of the Grand Hall into a jungle.

Since the number of plants improved by Bosoon reached a total of 87, it had to be seen that at least 30 types of plants were included in 'a handful of seeds'.

The scenery around Shirone could be considered a small ecosystem.

The roots of the cocora tree, called the killer vine, climbed up the walls and covered the ceiling. Ortho fungi spraying delirium gas spread their spores, and at the corners of the ceiling, killer flowers that spit acidic slime opened their petals hanging from winding stems like springs.

Shirone turned her gaze around and examined it with interest.

I would have thought that human magic had developed to this point while being trapped in the barrage. It was understandable why the angels hang themselves in the final war.

"Did you improve it yourself?"

"That's a question not worth answering."

When the killer plant attacked, Shirone evaded it by teleporting. But plants were everywhere.

Bossun skillfully drove Shirone into a corner. As the trees branched out, the space to avoid began to shrink little by little.

"How about the farmer's magic?"

The sight of the trees moving their branches like living things was grotesque. However, upon digging into it, it was imbued with extraordinary insights from the natural world.

Plants don't have muscles. That's why the only path that plants can move is 'growth'.

Bossun's passive magic called 'growth promotion' accelerates the growth rate of plants up to 100,000 times. That is why plants under the influence of growth promotion show animal-like movements.

However, the lifespan of plants is inevitably short.

Kawangkra, which has a lifespan of about 10 years, stops growing in 40 minutes under growth stimulation.

Of course, in the case of a cocora tree with an average lifespan of 1,200 years, over 20 hours of activity can be obtained, but the average activity time of a plant mixed with a handful of seeds is only 2 hours, so long-term warfare was considered impossible.

If activity is created by promoting growth, detailed movements are possible with the active magic 'combination of elements'. Plants are injected with various elements to induce specific instincts, and photosynthesis also belongs to this category.

It was a principle similar to how humans act meaningfully on different hormones.

It is for this reason that growth promotion and elemental mixing are called the heart and brain of plant magic.

Bosun exquisitely combined the two magics to savagely drive Shirone.

The flowers shoot acid slime, and the thorns move swiftly like whips.

The fact that plants are moving means that they are growing, so as time passed, the space became saturated.

It was only after the tree vines intertwined in three dimensions that there was no space to evade, that Shirone stopped teleporting.

Vines fell from the ceiling and wrapped around his limbs.

"I will give you an evaluation now. It is a failing point."

He said that, but Bosun's insides were bubbling.

In an environment without soil, the plant wizard's power is reduced. But still, it was the inaction of a certified 4th-class wizard. It was a complete loss of face for him to come this far against an amateur in front of his men.

"What happened? Have you attained enlightenment?"

A person cannot change like this in just one hour. It is said that it is enough to be crazy in personality, but the level of magic itself was different.

Shirone pulled the vine wrapped around her wrist and looked at it. With the wizard's body, it was impossible to quit. Rather, it was scratched by the thorns, and blood flowed out.

Bossun snorted.

Plant Prison was a magic that he was quite proud of among his own magic. Not to mention its binding power, scratches on vines paralyze the nerves.

"It's good to give up. It is a prison that cannot be escaped unless you are a scale wizard. If you obediently stick out your head, I will treat you with mercy, even to the extent of a comfortable death."

Shirone looked back at Bossun and blinked. Then she said with an enlightened expression.

"Aha, scale magic."

Shirone looked up at the prison ceiling.

Tendon-like vines formed the walls like petrified lava. If it was entangled to this extent, the durability would be considerable. but that was good

"Is there a good way?"

Shirone raised the corner of her mouth at Bossun, and immediately created a sphere of light in front of her eyes.

When the immortal function was opened, the photon density of the photon cannon increased dozens of times.

"Great!"

All the nerves running through Shirone's body stood up. Tears of blood flowed as the capillaries in the eyes burst.

Even so, what kept him from losing consciousness was the power of Geumgangtae.

Shirone realized. What he has and what he can do with it.

Geumgangtae's elasticity expanded his spirit until just before it collapsed. In fact, it didn't matter if it was torn. If you can generate this much power, you should be able to play around with your life on the line.

"Sir, we have to do it now."

Looking at the photon cannon that seemed to have compressed tremendous kinetic energy, Ekashi said. Even Bosun couldn't have had a disagreement.

As the elemental combination magic starved the plants, numerous carnivorous species escaped from between the branches and bared their teeth at Shirone.

"Shirone!"

The door to the Grand Hall opened and Amy and Raina entered.

I saw Shirone trapped in a thick forest. It was in worse condition than it looked in the pantry.

The nervous system was protruding out of the skin. It meant that an amount of information that humans could not endure was being delivered to the brain.

In this state, even if Shirone's personality returned, it was doubtful whether a normal life would be possible.

"Great!"

Shirone focused the mental power she drew into the Immortal Function only on God's particles.

As the mass of the light increased, the photon cannon began to blur. The enormous mass creates gravity and attracts the photons.

"Shirone! no!"

Amy felt a terrible thrill at the photon compression power that was incomparable to Shining Impact. I heard her hallucinations as Shirone's mind was being torn apart.

The human mind is fluid, but very vulnerable to sudden shocks. Regardless of Shirone's will, if she goes beyond her limit, she may never be able to come back to her senses.

Numerous carnivorous species descended like snakes climbing trees, opening their jaws at Shirone's flesh. At the same time, the light from the Photon Cannon disappeared.

What was born with a pop was a black orb the size of a human head. When the mass was compressed to the limit, the light could not escape and was sucked in.

It was the symmetrical type of the Photon Cannon, the dark sphere.

Kieh Aeg!

The radius of the small-scale gravitational field created by Amgu is 1 meter in diameter. The stems of the carnivorous species trapped in the gravitational field broke and disappeared into the dark in an instant like sucking up water droplets with a straw.

Then, the vines holding Shirone's limbs began to bend with a popping sound.

The vine showed a gesture of using a dragon to try to hold on, but it broke and was sucked into the female ball. Then all the plants connected to the vines were ripped off the wall and swirled around like a whirlpool.

Crunchy! Crunchy!

As the process of breaking, bursting, and compressing the fiber proceeded sequentially, it eventually plunged into the darkness of the dark area.

Bosoon was devastated as he watched the sight of his organ, a handful of seeds, being destroyed in its entirety.

The only force that can confine light is gravity. It was possible only when an enormous amount of gravity was concentrated.

'Scale magic... ... .'

Shirone is an unlocker, but not a scale wizard. However, when his gravity was extremely strengthened, the same spatial change as the scale wizard occurred.

Maybe all unlockers are scale wizards, Bosoon thought.

When Amgu disappeared, the forest that had made its home on the north side of the Grand Hall had completely disappeared. Only moss was shabby in the corner of the ceiling, and the few surviving flowers dripped acidic mucus and fell to the floor.

Bossun moved his stiff neck and looked at Shirone. Shirone was laughing even while shedding bloody tears.

"How about my scale magic? How easy is it?"

At the same time as he spat out the words, blood poured out of Shirone's mouth. Amy screamed.

Even so, Shirone was laughing as if she had lost her mind.

are you okay. Anyway, you can still think. You just need to be able to fight. Even now, my insides are on fire.

Bossun couldn't control his crumpled pride and his fingertips trembled. Even though it's an unlocker, isn't this too much?

Since it is gravity-specific magic, it will not be able to launch. However, in terms of defensive power, it was unrivaled magic.

"I'll do it."

Ekashi moved with a cold expression.

There are two main ways to stand out with battle magic. Invent magic that will take the world by surprise, or be really good at fighting.

Ekashi belonged to the latter category, and although his body was small, he was a technician recognized in the kingdom for his combat sense.

=======================================
[307] Master of Incarnation (5)





Shirone looked back at Ekashi without even thinking about wiping her bloody lips.

"What are you? Are you going to start on the subject of Habari?"

"Teacher Bosun is the person I admire the most. He'd better keep his mouth shut."

"Then you must die too. Bossun is one of the people I hate the most in the world."

As a battle mage, Ekashi was not swayed by provocations. Holding a hand-length club from inside his robe, he held it out in front of his eyes and spoke in a cold voice.

"The Magical Spear, Freeze."

When he opened his palm, the club did not fall and spun on the spot. As if subjected to her centrifugal force, the wick came out from both sides and turned into a spear longer than her height.

Ekashi grabbed the spear with both hands and swung it around. A cold wind reached Shirone.

After dazzling spearmanship, he took a finishing stance and aimed his spear at him, and ice shards fell at the place where the blade stopped.

Ekashi's specialty is freezing. He was a typical battle mage who intensively honed his magic spearmanship.

In particular, the magic weapon freeze was an expensive weapon that any freezing wizard would want to own. Basically, a high-efficiency option of 128% magic amplification is added, and you can get an additional 146% amplification only for freezing magic.

In addition to that, it was a fraudulent weapon with a 280% amplification option called special magic amplification at the freezing point of magic, that is, the blade of the spear.

Therefore, when Ekashi applied freezing magic to Freeze's blade, he was able to achieve a whopping 554% magic amplification.

'It's a considerable thing for something made by humans.'

Shirone kept a close eye on the ice that kept falling around Freeze's blade.

The ability to freeze the atmosphere is only possible with Shiina, an authority on freezing magic. No matter how much he borrowed the power of the magic weapon, he could not denigrate Ekashi's fighting power.

"Blizzard blades."

Ekashi, chanting in a cold tone, shortened the distance with teleportation.

The air froze along the line of the blade as Freeze quickly cut through the space. With a snapping sound, a long line of ice like a rope was born, and then it broke into small pieces and fell.

"It's embarrassing to use it against amateurs, but... ... ."

Ekashi pierced the spear with the shortest distance.

When Shirone casts the berserk, Freeze's blade penetrates the berserk, causing a shockwave to explode.

Shirone and Ekashi withdrew at the same time. Then, bouncing their upper bodies in the same way, they rushed towards each other.

An ultra-close battle unfolded in which a single mistake cost a life.

Shirone saw the approaching Ekashi and slammed the photon cannon on the floor. It was powerful enough to shake the ground, but Ekashi had already risen into the sky.

Lying in the air, he held the handle end of the frieze with one hand and swung it while spinning.

A ring-shaped tube of ice appeared along the trajectory of the spear. There was red blood on one spot.

Shirone's lower back cut thinly, and frozen blood spurted out from the flesh.

"Big!"

Shirone kicked off the floor and got out of Ekashi's attack radius. But he couldn't hold out for long and sat down.

Freeze's fear lies in turning even minor wounds into fatal ones. As the pain intensified as if my back was on fire, I felt like I was losing consciousness.

Ekashi set the spear back and watched the prey's condition.

"The movement is quite good. but i'm still immature Be content with being the fertilizer of my strongest legend."

Just as Shirone was about to reply with burning eyes, something rolled around at his feet.

It was fresh truffle.

Dessert from my parents' meal. It was the dessert that hid a lethal dose of poison in the sweetness of the chocolate.

Shirone turned her head with a soulless face. Bossun, who rolled the chocolate with his feet, stood there laughing.

"How about tasting it now? It is very delicious."

"... ... My mind has changed."

Shirone's face contorted like a demon.

"Everyone die."

Dozens of lasers were fired from Shirone's body.

There was no need for targeting, and sparks exploded wherever they recklessly scratched the wall. The Grand Hall shook.

The nobles were horrified.

They thought that they had to die to be the Bosun faction, but when Shirone started the Don't Ask terror, they realized that this place was not safe.

"Damn it! What are you doing! Kill that bastard quickly!"

Personal bodyguards rushed at Shirone. As dozens of swordsmen drew their swords and rushed forward, Bossun's men also opened fire with their specialties.

Shirone cast a berserker while standing hunched over.

As the heart beats in the infinite unit, the form of pure energy that does not even show the movement of the curtain occupied the space.

The floor on which Shirone was standing crumbled like a cookie and caved deeply into a hemispherical shape. The wind pushed by the light curtain pushed people to the wall.

However, those present here were also those who did more than the average. The first surprise attack failed, but the battle line was immediately reorganized and rushed back to Shirone.

Ekashi, who was at the forefront, led Freeze.

The wind tearing through the blades froze like a blizzard and spread behind my back. Shirone responded with a photon cannon, but it bypassed the radius greatly and suppressed Shirone's blindness in an instant.

'This is the end.'

At the same time as swinging the freeze, a red flash flashed in front of Ekashi's eyes.

"Keugh!"

A thin laser passed Ekashi's nose as he bent his upper body.

Unable to balance himself, he fell on the floor and looked at Freeze with absurd eyes. The blade had been cut off, and the cut surface had turned into red lava and flowed down.

'Damn it, where in the world is magic like this!'

A light that cuts metal.

How much high output is it possible to handle?

The mass-enhanced photon cannon was ridiculously heavy, and the energy-enhanced laser was frighteningly sharp.

The guards who were watching the situation realized only then. That I was wrong in judging the situation from the beginning.

From the beginning, Shirone assumed that everyone in this place was her enemy. Then, in this place where the highest nobility gathered, the combat power of our allies was bound to be limited. It was a typical pattern of guerrilla warfare.

The guard thought that far and asked cautiously.

"Commander, it seems like activating the magic control device... ... ."

"What are you asking about, son! Jump right in and activate it!"

Even when Shirone saw the guard running away, he averted his gaze indifferently.

There was not much time left to fight anyway. Half of his consciousness had already gone to the underworld. He couldn't tell if his legs were moving or if he was delusional because his limbs were already torn.

'I'm going to kill you, everyone... ... .'

It was only murder and anger.

If I could kill everyone in this place, it wouldn't matter if I died now. As long as I could soothe the anger of having my intestines cut, I didn't have to think about what to do next.

"Cheuk!"

Stopped in the center of the Grand Hall, Shirone bent over and coughed up blood.

Even the durability of Geumgangtae reached its limit. The process of mental collapse was dirtier than any other feeling.

Theoretically, immortal function draws infinite mental power, but the human body has its limits. This was the end.

When Shirone stopped moving, the people stopped as if they had promised. In the silence, crumbs of stone fell from the ceiling.

"Is it over, is it over?"

The people who were fighting Shirone were looking anxious as if they were trapped in one room with a ghost. His eyes were puffy and his face was smeared with sweat.

"Kill! What are you doing! I mean kill it quickly!"

The swordsmen who came to their senses hurriedly corrected their posture and charged Shirone. Dozens of swords flew aiming at every part of the staggering Shirone.

Shirone waited quietly for the end. And, realizing that the end had come, he murmured quietly.

"Halo."

With a pop of light, a halo was born.

Halo, who was born on top of his head like an angel, drew a perfect circle without even ignoring the creation process. Shocked swordsmen dropped his sword and grabbed his head.

The nobles weren't shocked by Halo's shape. But in a different sense, thinking was paralyzed.

I didn't think it was real because I saw the power that blew up the Colosseum during the day today. Then I finally realized.

When Ataraxia is cast here, the capital disappears without a trace. It was the real end.

Ataraxia's integration speed was more than 10 times faster than the speed demonstrated at the Colosseum. The super-magic amplification circle, which completed the concept in an instant, waited for the end by emitting a brilliant light.

None of the nobles thought of running away.

Even though their armed forces are weak, they have risen to this position with their heads. No one was so stupid that he couldn't judge reality.

No matter how fast you run, you can't go faster than Shirone shooting a photon cannon. If even one person left the door, that moment would be the end of Kazura.

"Shirone... ... ."

Amy covered her mouth and burst into tears.

The sight of Shirone staggering was to the point where I couldn't bear to open my eyes. The veins all over his body burst and blood flowed down, and even his dark pupils turned red like a puddle of blood.

Shirone, who arrived at the end of her life, was actually crying. Hot tears of blood flowed endlessly down his cheeks, which were crying like children.

he groaned with his throat closed.

"You... ... You bullied me first."

Amy couldn't bear to look and sat down.

"You guys tried to kill me. You didn't do anything wrong, but you tried to kill Mom, Dad, and my friends!"

No one responded to Shirone's screams. It was as if they were reflecting on their mistakes, but in reality, everyone was racking their brains over how to get out of this situation.

In particular, Bossun's hair turned faster than anyone else.

I looked at Shirone so funny. no, that doesn't make sense In fact, it is only evaluated as it is. If the level was improved just because he was angry, everyone in the world would become a great wizard. What the hell happened to him?

'Now, even if the garrison arrives, it will be too late. Where did you go wrong? Did we really lose? no. Does it make sense that a kingdom could be destroyed by just one person? It can't be. No, it shouldn't happen.'

Bossun moved his steps cautiously. Then, when Shirone stared into her red eyes, he immediately stopped.

Shirone is currently insane and is holding the annihilation bomb. Negotiation was the only way to survive.

"Okay, okay. Got it. let's talk about it First of all, I apologize for bothering you. I will compensate you in some way. So, get rid of the halo... ... ."

"Kneel down."

Shirone said in a sharp voice.

"Everyone kneel. no one moves There is something I must hear before I put an end to it."

Bossun blinked and fell to his knees without hesitation. He was not in a situation where he was inclined to emotions as long as the fate of the kingdom was at stake.

"Okay, that's it. Are you satisfied now?"

Shirone glared at the nobles behind Bossun.

When Bossun turned his head and winked, they began to kneel one by one.

Even Amy and Raina knelt.

Shirone took the initiative with a strategy of annihilation. If you create a situation where he has allies, there will definitely be people who want to take advantage of his weaknesses.

However, Orkamp and Eliza thought otherwise.

Shirone destroyed the Theraze faction. He will become the son of the proud kingdom and lead Kazura from now on.

Eliza approached Shirone with a thrilled expression.

"My son, you saved the kingdom. good job Come here. How proud of you mom... ... ."

A photon cannon flew at Eliza's head.

The kneeling Royal Knight jumped out like an animal and hugged her before falling down. As the heavy mass crashed into the wall, a neat hemispherical groove was dug. If a person had been hit, her head would have been blown off.

"Shirone... ... ."

Frightened, Eliza shuddered with a pale face. Even now, the afterimage of the photon cannon remained in her retinas.

=======================================
[308] Master of Incarnation (6)





"If you ignore me one more time, then I'll blow it all up."

Bossun realized that the situation was much more serious than expected. She had to be considered crazy enough to cast magic at her real parents.

Orkamp quietly sat next to Eliza. It was embarrassing to show this to the nobles, but the destruction of Kazura had to be prevented at all costs.

'Damn it. How did this country rise?'

When everyone knelt at Orkamp for the last time, Bosun, who naturally became the representative, turned to Shirone and asked.

"Now tell me. What sound do you want to hear? I will do anything you want."

"The person who ordered the assassination of my parents. who is this?"

The nobles glanced at each other. Then, he fixed his gaze on one person.

Bossun, knowing who they were looking at without looking back, raised his hand.

"I instructed. If you want revenge, do it. but... ... How about finishing with me?"

"Stop the bullshit. Do you think I will forgive you?"

"I can't forgive you. But why not think soberly? No one died anyway. Even if you kill us, will you be able to fight against Her Majesty Theraze? Besides, aren't your loved ones also staying here?"

Bossun immediately dug into Shirone's weakness.

Trying to uncover who was behind their parents' assassination while holding a bomb meant that they were still valuable as hostages.

Thinking that this might be his last chance, Bosun raised both hands and stood up as if he had no intention of approaching.

"I will follow your will. Everyone involved in this assassination attempt, including me, will be held legally responsible. You take his family and go home. Certified 4th class wizard, Aimar Bossun, will vouch for it here. So why don't we settle it through dialogue?"

Shirone's expression softened slightly.

Even if everyone in this place is killed, the resentment will not be relieved, but if the royal castle is blown up, not only family members but also friends will disappear from the world.

"rush! Rush!"

There was a commotion outside the Grand Hall. The garrison troops dispatched after being informed came armed and attacked.

However, as soon as he arrived at the scene, the expression on his face changed to bewilderment.

"What, what, what is this?"

It was a sight beyond imagination. The Grand Hall, the heart of the royal castle, was terribly destroyed.

What shocked them most was the fact that everyone, including Orkamp, ??was on their knees.

'Now!'

The moment Shirone's gaze moved toward the soldiers for a moment, Bossun cast teleportation.

When he approached Shirone, he had already pulled out a dagger from his sleeve and was holding it.

'This is your last chance! I have to stab you in the heart!'

Shirone was shocked to see Bossun rushing at her. However, Bossun, as if he had already made up his mind, thrust the dagger in without hesitation.

The dagger pierced the elasticity of the flesh with a loud sound.

Bosun frowned.

Shirone's reaction, which he thought would be in a groggy state, was quicker than expected. He twisted his body with all his might, and the blade pierced his side, not his heart.

"Damn it."

Shirone couldn't analyze the emotions she was feeling right now.

Sanity flew away and the beast's ferocity filled it. The feeling of a foreign body that invaded the body caused not only pain but also great shame.

As soon as he saw Shirone's eyes, Bosoon cast Earth Skin.

Dirt quickly began to build up on his skin. The durability of the earth skin cast by a certified 4th class plant wizard was the strength of a rock.

Photon Cannon hit Earth Skin. Thousands of cracks in the earthen walls shattered and shattered.

Bosun's face was revealed in astonishment. Blood spurted from her mouth as if the impact had penetrated her.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Shirone grabbed his stomach and struggled in pain.

Above their heads, photon cannons were growing at breakneck speed. Those who watched the photon, which reached a diameter of 1 meter, turned pale.

The size obtained at the cost of giving up the compressive force was no longer the quality to be called a photon cannon. Gravity Cannon. It was an anti-materiel cannon that aimed at buildings, not people.

The Grand Hall was completely confused. The nobles screamed in contemplation, and the guards soothed their helplessness with meaningless movements of looking left and right.

"Lady Reina!"

Following the garrison, the attendants of the Ogent family armed themselves and attacked. However, they too were stunned by the unexpected sight.

"Conquer the nobles! Right Now!"

Reina gave instructions to the attendants.

Since the shock that was enough to shake the Grand Hall continued to be transmitted, the castle must have been in a state of super-emergency. If we don't subdue the nobles now, we will lose our retreat in a critical situation.

Attendants approached high-ranking nobles and put swords around their necks.

As Reina expected, troops from each department under command and control began to pour in. High-ranking officers also came running in a hurry, not even dressed.

The sound of screaming, howling, the sound of killing Shirone, the sound of Reina giving orders, all the sounds were tangled together, and in the end it was nothing. No one conveyed the meaning to anyone else, and they were just screaming.

It seemed to Amy that they were laughing. She also laughed.

Surprisingly, my mind calmed down when I faced an event I couldn't handle.

'If this is the end, it's a really splendid end.'

A friendly voice passed through the noise of the abyss that filled the Grand Hall to Shirone.

"Shirone."

Silence came like a lie.

Everyone looked back at the entrance to the Grand Hall. Olina, holding Vincent's arm, stood with a hard face.

Seeing Shirone covered in blood and with a dagger stuck in her side, Olina stumbled dizzy.

Vincent supported her, but she pushed her husband away and walked alone into the Grand Hall.

People opened the way. Her lips trembled as she approached Shirone.

"Do not go."

Olina stopped walking at Eliza's words.

"Shirone is crazy. If you go, you will die."

Eliza hoped that Olina would not go to Shirone.

Shirone tried to kill himself. If Olina had a different outcome, she would not allow her pride in her bloodline.

"Haaaaa."

Taking a long breath, Olina turned and walked straight to Eliza. When she saw her face, stunned as if it had been bombed, a fire raged within her and darkness fell before her.

squash! Olina's palm slapped Eliza's cheek.

The nobles couldn't believe what was happening. Seeing a knife stuck in her child's stomach, she became rational and her parents would not be in the world, but the person she struck was none other than the Queen of Khazra.

Eliza didn't understand what had happened.

Olina was crying when she returned her face. She was weird too. Why is it that the one who hit her is crying and not the one she hit?

"To my son... ... What did you do?"

The pain came belatedly and Eliza burst into tears. It hurt so much.

And that was the main excuse for not having to answer Olina's words.

Orkamp did not reprimand Olina. No, I put it off until next time.

There is no doubt that he was the one who stopped Shirone's rampage. She had no choice but to pin her hopes on her now.

"Dry Shirone right now. Kazura's lifeline is cut off... ... ."

Olina shuddered as if she had been electrocuted by lightning and looked back at Orkamp with sparkling eyes.

Orkamp's eyes closed tightly at the illusion of a slapping blow. However, the king's authority did not fall to the ground.

When he opened his eyes, Olina was holding his wrist and trembling. Then she turned coldly and then she moved back to Shirone in her steps.

"Shirone."

Shirone did not answer.

When I saw Olina's face, I was afraid of everything, like a child who had done something wrong. She had a major accident from which she could not recover. Disappointing her parents was the scariest, most unavoidable child instinct.

When I was young, I had seen Olina's fierce gaze several times. However, as much as today, she was smiling more affectionately than anyone else.

Shirone's heart ached even more because of that. Although I don't know why.

"Shirone, do you know how pretty you were when you were a child? The way she smiled was just as cute as a girl's. Every time that happened, my dad used to make a silly face. Then you laughed even louder."

Olina told me an old story.

"He was a really sweet kid. Even when I was angry, I couldn't express myself well and I couldn't hurt others, so when my friends got angry, I couldn't say anything, and then came home and suffered."

Olina's eyes grew dim. Yes, there were times like that.

But already years have passed. The newborn baby who came like a blessing had become a grown-up boy.

"But Mom wasn't worried. It is very noble that she knows how to read other people's hearts. You don't know how happy my mother is that you grew up kind."

Olina stroked Shirone's cheek with both hands. The look of her handsome son looked so hard along today.

"He's so soft-hearted and kind, he doesn't even know how to get angry. Even though I am so angry, I can't hurt anyone, so I have no choice but to report myself as being abusive."

Olina gently hugged Shirone.

"Looking at his injuries so badly, it seems my son is really upset today."

Shirone's eyes widened. Tears that were salty and clear, different from the bloody tears shed so far, flowed.

My eyes hurt terribly. It felt like the poison that had filled up to the tip of my chin was escaping through a hole. Her chest was so tight that it was difficult to even breathe. All the emotions rushed into his eyes, and the words leaked out like a squeeze.

"Mommy... ... ."

It was the voice of a lost child desperately calling for its mother in an unfamiliar place.

Olina, who burst into tears, hugged Shirone's face and stroked his back.

"Yes, my son. let's go home with mom Let her mom take her home. Don't worry about her and let's go."

"mom... ... mom... ... ."

Shirone, filled with sadness, gasped for breath and spoke.

"I tried to kill my mother. Those people... ... mother... ... ."

"It's okay, Shirone. did you keep Her mother is not afraid of anything. She is not afraid to die for you."

Olina smiled beautifully as she held onto Shirone's arms as she whimpered like a child.

"Shirone, children are the future of parents. That's why mom can do anything for you."

The great anger that had dominated Shirone so far began to sink toward the bottom as quickly as a collapsing building. The aura of hatred endlessly descended to levels 10, 9, and 8.

The bar margin of the deep stage 1 has been restored.

In the statue of the archangel, the incarnation of Shirone rose in bright light. As the Behemoth came out of there, it returned to the barracks. As the pillar of light disappears, the Guffin's security system is disarmed.

Shirone returned to her pure self.

The physical body of reality faced a rapid aftermath. Consciousness was blown before I could even feel the pain. As soon as his eyes closed, the Spirit Zone disappeared and Ataraxia disappeared.

Olina sat down with her collapsing son.

She could die for her children, but she couldn't save them. She looked back at her enemies who had tried to kill her child.

"Please save my son. please."

No one in Kazura stepped forward. But Amy and Rayna moved quickly.

First, it was confirmed that Shirone was still alive. He may be brain dead, but the biggest problem was bleeding. If I didn't get a blood transfusion right away, I wouldn't be able to survive even an hour.

"Amy, I will take Shirone with me. You go ahead with the attendant and help me prepare for the surgery. I need a blood transfusion, so please accompany my mother and tell the doctor your blood type."

=======================================
[309] Master of Incarnation (7)





After giving the order, Reina put Shirone's arm on her shoulder and stood up.

Since Ataraxia had disappeared, the nobles would have risen to their feet. However, since the highest nobles were overpowered by the attendants, there was no major commotion yet.

Still, someone stood in her way. She was Bosun who put a sword in Shirone's stomach.

Reina said in a cold voice.

"What are you doing? The battle is over. If you do not back down, we will decapitate the nobles we have captured."

"Bo-Bo-Soon! back away quickly Let go at once!"

"yes! Come on back! Back off!"

The nobles with knives at their throats urged Bosun.

But Bosun didn't even flinch. Even if all the aristocrats in this place died, they couldn't let Shirone live.

The world is divided into force and intelligence, and humans are divided into wolves and sheep.

If Shirone had been a docile sheep, even if she possessed the ultimate in intellect, the ability of an archangel, she would have been able to keep her alive and use it.

But Shirone was not a sheep. Even if it was an accidental situation, if you can be prepared to blow up the entire castle, the future is more dangerous.

'Today's incident has definitely divided the faction in the royal palace. If Zeon doesn't become king, it's all over.'

Even among the Terraze faction inside Kazura, most of them except Uorin were subordinates of Zeon. It was unthinkable that Theraze would show mercy to the defeated prince.

"Why don't we negotiate instead?"

Amy was stunned by Bossun's shamelessness. Who was the first to pull out her sword while talking about negotiations?

"How could those words come out of your mouth? Get out of the way quickly!"

Bossoon didn't ask the question thinking that they would respond. But now it was necessary to turn off the time.

It is safe to say that Shirone is already half-dead. In a time-consuming situation, the most fearsome weapon is time.

Reina saw through Bossun's strategy. However, he could not give orders to slit the nobles' heads resolutely.

Bossun had already assumed that Shirone would be the strongest enemy in history. So if you kill the nobles, Shirone will die too. From her point of view, who must save Shirone, she had no choice but to find another way.

While Reina and Bossun were glaring at each other, a strong wind blew in from the entrance of the Grand Hall. With a sound like burning fire, those dressed in black flew in like a swarm of bats.

Thirty figures landed in the center of the grand hall. All wore owl masks and wore swords of the same length and standard at the waist.

The nobles who saw the inverted triangle badge on their collars widened their eyes and opened their mouths in disbelief.

"I-that... ... ?"

It was the direct escort of Empress Theraze, Pungjang.

A whopping 100 swordsmen who signed a knight oath with Theraje. Entire personnel rarely move, but once they do appear, all in sight is known to disappear.

"Why is Pungjang here?"

Fengzhang is not an army. The sword of Theraze, they never move without the Queen's direction. Besides, no matter how fast they were, the distance from Kashan was too far to believe they had come with today's events in mind.

Fengzhang, who formed a triangular formation, was looking straight ahead with an undisturbed posture. A bleak voice leaked from the center of the formation.

"As of the current time, we will take over Shirone's recruits. In addition, all decision-making rights related to the internal affairs of the Kazura Kingdom are revoked. If you violate this, keep in mind that it is a war with the Kashan Empire."

The nobles whispered.

Deprivation of the powers of internal affairs meant the removal of the powers of all nobles in this position. I waited for someone to vote against or object, but there was silence.

Realizing that no one had the courage to step forward, the nobles lowered their heads wholeheartedly.

"I will follow your orders."

The decision made by the ruler of Kashan could not be opposed.

Wind is the sword of Theraje. The mere presence of them proves that Theraze's orders will not stop at mere threats.

"Please wait a moment. Are you saying that is really the Queen's decision?"

Bossun objected.

Of course, like other nobles, Theraze did not reject the order. However, there was an odd corner.

Zion is not defeated yet. Shirone is wandering about his life and death, and if he delays a little, he will die on his own. It was an incomprehensible decision for her to hit a second over how to easily take Kazura.

Above all, there was no way that the Fengzhang, who stood by the Empress's side 24 hours a day, would arrive at Kazura so quickly.

"According to what I heard, Fengzhang is wearing an owl mask and wears an inverted triangle badge on his left chest."

Someone from Fengzhang said.

"... ... What do you want to say?"

"I mean, it's easy to impersonate. Handing over sovereignty is a big deal for the kingdom. If he had been instructed by Her Majesty, he would have brought an official letter. Can you confirm that?"

The nobles looked back at the wind farm.

After hearing it, Bosun's words were not wrong. It is natural to follow Theraj, but shouldn't it be verified that it is really Theraj?

"There is no such thing as an official letter. Orders will come."

"Hmm, then it's even weirder. How can we trust and hand over the sovereignty? Do you have any proof of identity?"

"If that's the case, yes."

"If you don't mind, could you check it out?"

The triangular formations of Fengzhang gathered at the center to form a straight line. It was as if 30 people were absorbed by one person.

As if that one person had transformed into hundreds of people again, they flew in with afterimages. As it rotated around Bosun, a black storm arose.

"Ouch!"

The first sword entered Bosun's lower jaw and raised his face vertically. As the facial part rose to the sky, thirty swords hacked Bosun's body without a single collision.

The speed of the cut was so fast that the air vibrated like a bee flapping its wings.

After inflicting close to 1,000 cuts per second, Fengzhang threw his body one after another and landed exactly where he started. Jinyeol was a triangular formation without any errors.

The nobles looked at Bo-soon with a bewildered expression. No, can I call that a bosun?

His body had disintegrated into pieces smaller than a fingernail. Blood slowly leaked out from under the minced meat. Something fell from the air and clung to it with a clang.

It was Bo-soon's face.

He had no pupils, but anyone who saw him could tell that he had an expression of astonishment. Her face with her mouth wide open shriveled as it drenched in blood.

"There is no one in the world who can impersonate Fengzhang."

Nobles could not object. Their current skills were perfect proof that they were Poongjang.

Indeed, Fengzhang's tactics are impossible to imitate. This is because it is necessary to imitate the movement of the wind as it is, so it is impossible to imitate it unless the individual's skills are the best.

Those who implement fluid mechanics with the human body.

It was the strongest swordsmanship collective on earth that 100 such talented people became a wind and used perfect tactics.

"Teacher Bossun!"

Ekashi ran to the blood line.

Kneeling in front of Bo-sun, who had turned into minced meat, he tried to touch the skin of his face with trembling hands, but then glared at Pungjang.

"These children... ... !"

How can you be so cruel?

Even if he doubted Theraze's sword, Bossun was also the one who struggled to make Zeon king. He was not the kind of person who would leave the world with such a miserable appearance because of just one wrong word.

Ekashi grabbed the frieze with the blade out. However, he soon began to look at them with terrified eyes.

An indescribable dark aura rose from the triangular formation of the wind. It was a vision that only Ekashi could see. The brain exposed to the death of 30 people caused the illusion of death.

'Cheap, you have to fight. For Teacher Bosun... ... .'

It felt like my heart was hardening. The frieze fell with a rattling sound, and Ekashi put his hands on the ground and vomited everything inside.

"Wow! Wow!"

The wind didn't even look at him.

Theraze told me to do my best and return, but it wasn't their fault. He responded moderately to living a life that was not the same. They couldn't help themselves until the level of Ekashi was much lower than expected.

'A foolish fellow.'

The report said that he was a promising 6th-class wizard in Kazura. However, due to the nature of the 6th grade, where the promotion points increase more than 10 times compared to the 7th grade, it was also the 6th grade that had the largest skill gap.

'Even considering that, it's weak. There must have been a trick.'

Kazura's magical power is weak, so it's possible that the state pushed him. For example, giving points earned by cooperating with other wizards to one Ekashi.

In any case, Ekashi's journey as a battle mage was over. As long as he was addicted to Poongjang's proprietary patent, 'Gaksi', a collective murder, the fear of death would follow him for the rest of his life.

When Bosun died and even Ekashi collapsed, the nobles took care of themselves. The personal bodyguards who watched Ekashi fall to the ground couldn't even show their fighting spirit.

After cleaning up the surroundings, the wind farm started moving again. Each one fluttered as if it had become a particle of the air, and then flew towards Shirone.

Reina, who was supporting Shirone, trembled in fear in the black storm. Fengzhang's words sounded like a whisper in the wind.

The sound of each person's voice uttered one syllable blew my mind.

 -I'll take Shirone. The continent's best specialist will treat Shirone. I'll send it back by tomorrow morning.

The sound of strong wind blowing from the inside of the pinna and the wind field moved away. Then, as if on a rapids, he made a great detour around the Grand Hall and passed through the door.

People gathered here today could see the movement of the wind with their own eyes.





Causal Wheel (1)





"Whoa! Whoa!"

Arius ran through the inner garden. It was late at night, so he couldn't see an inch ahead, but in the Spirit Zone, he wouldn't get caught in the grassroots.

However, even if you were a Madou Girl, your heart was normal. His breath caught to the tip of his chin, he stopped his run and cast Flickr.

Blinking, he appeared in a completely different direction from the direction he was going.

Falling off center, he bent his sore back like a shrimp and rolled across the floor. It was already the twentieth failure.

"Damn it! Damn it!"

The timeline of introspection is subtly distorted. It is probably an error of about 1/100,000th of a second, but it was fatal for flicker magic, which requires highly sensitive design.

'That bastard is coming after me.'

Armin of Gwangan.

I couldn't hear a definite answer, but if you're a blind and time-based wizard, it's definitely him.

Now, there were two ways left. Run over the castle wall or break through Armin's time warp.

However, the latter method was not a good choice. If you make even the slightest mistake, you will run away and appear in a remote location.

The magic control device has not been activated yet, but various magic traps are installed in this place where the king resides. Since I had memorized the route from five years ago, I would not have been able to find this route if I hadn't been careful.

'Let's run. Are you going to stop breathing because it's annoying?'

Arius chose to fill it with his body. Getting rid of Armin is something to think about once you arrive at the castle gate.

If only Kazura gets out of it, the world will go around happily.

Armin broke the pact. If this fact spreads, even the magicians of the black line, the garden of madmen, have no choice but to unite.

A bloody wind will cover the continent.

'That would be fun on its own, but... ... .'

The thought that fascinated Arius more than the turbid world was the discovery of the traces of the Guffin. What many scholars could not find even after searching the whole world was in the depths of a boy.

=======================================
[310] Causal Wheel (2)





'What happened? Archangel Ichael and Guffin. Is there something related between the two? Or just a coincidence?'

It was certain that it had something to do with the reset. Once I get out of the castle, I'll have to do some research on it.

If the reset was true, there was a high possibility that traces would remain in the depths of another person. They will abduct and dissect them at random.

I slowed down around the time I started to see the inner gate. Guards carrying torches were roaming the walls.

Arius cautiously tried Flickr. He disappeared with a scraping sound and appeared 30 centimeters in front. The time warp is gone.

'Did I bully you?'

Armin had spent quite some time in the pantry, so it would be difficult to pinpoint his exact location. The only way for him to expand the spirit zone and distort the entire radius.

Moreover, considering his short timeline, there was a good chance he had already escaped.

"But it's kind of embarrassing."

Arius carefully observed the movements of the guards.

Realizing that there would be gaps in the guard net for about two minutes, he waited for the time to kick off the ground and ran out. When he went through the wall with Flickr, it was all over.

'Eat some shit. The most disgusting Kazura.'

"Where are you going so busy?"

Arius' running stopped abruptly.

A voice came from behind. He was quite capable, if not to the extent that he could not even feel his presence.

'Damn it!'

Arius turned around tediously slowly. If he tried to do something clumsily, his neck would fall off.

Litney Walker, the head of Kazura's bodyguard, was laughing like a beast with his longsword hanging down.

'This is the worst situation.'

I mean, it's that guy.

Kazura's magical power is weak, but his swordsmanship level is not inferior. Furthermore, Walker was the most faithful swordsman to the standard of the Great Magic Dictionary.

The best strategy for a swordsman against a wizard is 'cut before casting magic'. And Walker was the best swordsman in Kazura. This is because it is what he read in the beginner's book on court swordsmanship.

Walker put his longsword to the ground and looked up at the night sky.

Despite looking away, Arius couldn't move. It was as if Walker's nerves had been blown and he was lassoing himself.

"It's not the time for people to walk around. The bar is closed on days like this."

"haha! I have an urgent appointment. By the way, what's the captain of the bodyguard doing? Are you on patrol?"

"Hehe, why are you doing this between the players?"

Walker's eyes glowed like those of a nocturnal beast.

"Are you a robber? Arius of the 7 Madou Girls."

"I don't know what you mean. Where are the names Arius?"

Walkers were not from Theraze's faction, nor were they from Orkamp's faction. He was the only one who worked for the prosperity of the kingdom.

He has been pursuing Arius for a long time.

Being a Madou 7 girl didn't matter. It must have been an inevitable choice for Kazura, who had weak magic power. However, if he messed up the kingdom, he couldn't leave it alone.

"You know what's scarier than a violent king? Liver. give me a choice Either be easily captured, or be split in two by my sword."

"Somehow, I thought things were going well."

Arius, who showed his true colors, slowly lowered his hand.

If you act without thinking about running away, the walker will not move either. It was wisdom gained through long experience.

The reason a wizard equipped with teleportation cannot run away from a swordsman is because of the humane time it takes to activate.

Once the magic is activated, the swordsman cannot catch up with the wizard. However, when it comes to phenomena occurring in the human realm, the senses of schema masters far exceeded those of wizards.

How the swordsman captures the moment the battery is installed is still a mystery to the wizard. If you listen to the swordsman's words, you can feel his temperament change, so from the wizard's point of view, it was just that.

Arius observed Walker's every move. From Walker's point of view, it would be no different than normal people staring at him, but he was not a Habari wizard, so he had some information. Walker's momentum is like a volcano on the verge of exploding.

Arius let out a sigh with a dejected expression.

"Whoa. it's annoying."

bang! And the longsword stuck in the place where Arius was standing. As if following behind the sword, the figure of a walker appeared in a vertical slash finishing stance.

"Such a disease... ... !"

Arius was not there. Half tempo late.

No, I'm not sure about that either. Obviously the timing was right.

Speed ??of cognition, speed of sensation, speed of nerves, speed of action. Everything transcended opponents. To be sure, Arius couldn't even see his movements. Perhaps there was a gap between the time humans feel and the time mosquitoes feel.

'But how did he escape?'

First of all, it is not movement-type magic. It wasn't even Flickr. All I could think of was that he had just disappeared.

Invisibility Magic Invisibility? Even so, it doesn't make sense to speed up casting.

However, it was a possibility that could not be ignored at the moment, so Walker looked around.

"Captain! what's going on?"

The guards heard the gong and came running.

"From now on, we will look for Arius. Strengthen the defense and assemble all standby troops."

"Oh, Arius? Aren't you Your Highness' technical adviser?"

"It is a crime of sedition. It gets more difficult the longer you wait, so move quickly."

The guards dispersed in perfect order.

Walker observed the movements of his men and went into the woods. If he had cast invisibility magic, there would have been a trace left somewhere.

Flicker magic was cast where everyone left. A man appeared like a ghost. It was Armin.

"Apoptosis. That's a reasonable decision."

Apoptosis is said to be the most difficult of scale magics in microspace. That's because it's a magic that dives into your own mind.

When the body enters the mind, the boundary between thought and reality breaks down and becomes a conceptual body. I have no emotions, I can't even think. The possibility of Arius returning on his own was very slim.

'It's better than dying, though.'

Certainly better than dying.

If you are a magician, you have at least one skill of conversion.

Indeed, Walker's reaction was impeccable. However, since apoptosis is a feedback from the spirit zone, it took almost no casting time compared to other magics.

The reason why Armin canceled the time warp was to prepare for Arius being captured by Walker. It doesn't matter if he dies, but if he gets caught needlessly and says this or that, the situation becomes complicated.

'I guess I don't have to worry for the time being.'

There is no way he would have attempted apoptosis without even a way to return. In preparation for such a situation, you must have made an agreement with someone, or prepared some device.

1 year or 10 years. It may not come back even after 100 years. But it was certain that one day he would return.

'The assistant side is more likely. I'll have to investigate from there.'

The most likely candidate was Madou 7 Girl.

Recalling the faces of the members, Armin frowned. Arius was a human whose mind had gone mad enough to belong to the decent axis.

'Shall we start soon?'

Armin looked back at the castle.

I wanted to stay by Shirone's side a little longer, but there was no time to delay. I had to get back to Keira as soon as possible.

When the flicker magic was cast, his figure disappeared with a gripping sound. Walkers' shouts echoed faintly in the clearing.



* * *



Xenoger was running through the underground emergency exit.

Every ten steps he took, a trap was triggered. A trap with an open floor, a trap with arrows flying in, and a trap with a nailed log flying like a swing.

Xenoger evaded the traps without slowing down. When the floor opened, it jumped over, and the nailed log caught in a web of cobwebs spewing from its mouth, stopping halfway.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

Leaning against the corner of the underground labyrinth, he took a short break. Beads of sweat ran down his forehead as he looked up at the ceiling.

I couldn't save Zion. So she ran away. Theraze would not let an assassin who failed in his mission live.

He can take it as long as it is his own death, but even the Spatour clan, which relies on Theraze's support for everything, will disappear.

'You have to run away. And I have to find a force to rely on.'

It is a clan that has been assassinating for a thousand years. They may not be full of Theraje's castle, but there are plenty of forces that need them.

Xenoger recovered only the bottom of his energy and ran through the maze again. He somehow had to get out of the castle until dawn.

The floor slid open like a swinging door. Leaping right before he fell, he attached a spider web to the ceiling and flew in a parabolic arc. At the same time, a dagger flew in front of his eyes.

"Keugh!"

During the pendulum movement, he twisted his back to avoid the dagger.

Although it was supposed to be thrown by a person, the dagger flew like an arrow and hit the wall.

Landing on the floor, Xenoger immediately took a vigilant posture. As his bosom swelled, four arms protruded and six pupils opened in his left and right temples.

"Who are you? come out."

A small woman turned around from a corner shrouded in darkness.

Short black hair with the bangs straight. Her face was slightly frowning with her closed eyes, and she was wearing a straight dress with a narrow skirt, not like an assassin. It was like a wrapping paper wrapped around a person, not clothes.

Sosogoth's two hands were holding the sheath and handle of the dagger, and the blade was halfway out.

"Are you a hitman? Who bought it?"

"I have nothing to say to those who leave this world."

It was a refreshing voice that clears the mind just by listening to it.

But he couldn't fool Xenoger's ears. It's a voice that has been altered with great training.

"Cheuk, well... ... That's how we live."

The moment Xenoger finished speaking, a dagger flew by.

Xenoger leaped to the ceiling and spread cobwebs everywhere. After changing his environment to his own, he swung a steel wire the thickness of his finger like a whip.

It seemed that there were several figures of the woman, and then they turned around behind him in an instant, as if they were moving on rails.

'It's a unique step.'

No matter how you think about it, a narrow, straight skirt is not suitable for battle. Even if you spread your legs as far as possible, you will only be able to take half the stride length of a normal person. The strange sandals between the toes also bothered me.

However, her walking speed was fast enough to transcend imagination. In addition, the acceleration section was extremely dense, so it was a strange movement as if chasing afterimages.

At first, it seemed to be moving slowly, but as the short distance increased explosively, it was approaching before my eyes. It's really tricky. It wasn't an ordinary acceleration movement, so I couldn't accurately measure the timing.

'The rhythm is completely different.'

He will be the one who lives on this.

If I were to categorize it, it was on the circus side. A generic term for hitmen who use athletic abilities to deceive opponents.

At first glance, I was curious about who it might be, but it was only a fleeting thought. Knowing the name of an active assassin is no different from having seen all the balls.

Xenoger blocked access by putting up a screen with spider webs. As he learned the rhythm, he began to predict his movement little by little.

From then on, the tide turned.

Xenoger approached the woman, jumping from wall to wall like a spider.

The dagger flew in an off-beat rhythm, but it didn't shake anymore. The last dagger was twisted around his neck and caught in his mouth.

"Quack! It was pretty good for a circus."

Digging into the woman's arms, Xenoger lifted his upper arm with an inverted joint. He grabbed the woman's face with his hand that went over his shoulder, pushed her in, and slammed the back of her head against the wall.

A thud was followed by a slap in the woman's face. Fragments of her porcelain skin fell to the floor.

Xenoger moved his three left hands quickly. He squeezed her neck with one hand and tucked her hand underneath her into her skirt. There were no genitalia.

The hand in the middle grabbed her breast and squeezed it. As the silk clothes were being ripped off, I felt the texture of a lumpy cushion similar to fat.

Her bare chest was flat, and her bony ribs were exposed underneath.

=======================================
[311] Causal Wheel (3)





"I knew it would be like this."

As the woman raised her head to escape, Xenoger mercilessly slammed the back of her head into the wall.

With a series of dull sounds, all the porcelain skin covering the face fell off.

It was the face of an ugly man. No, the sexes could not be distinguished by appearance.

There were no eyebrows and no eyelids. Only the eyeball stuck in the eye socket moved left and right.

"Hehe, is this a face specialized in disguise? You are as hideous as I am."

The mysterious assassin raised his voice for the first time.

"Oh, you will see it for the first time. I've been looking at your ugly face until I'm sick of it."

Xenoger's expression crumpled.

It was the line he had given to Arius the other day. If it's psychological warfare, you shouldn't be shaken.

But a thought popped into my head. The children of Theraze are always accompanied by one bodyguard. But he had never seen Uorin's bodyguard before.

"No, it can't be. Didn't catch my senses? Where were you hiding?"

The assassin changed his voice again.

"What are you talking about? I was always behind you."

Xenogur's face went pale.

I knew for sure who the owner of this voice was. It was an unknown official who was ordered by Zeon to deliver orders.

'Damn it! That's how it happened!'

Specialized in disguise, unique footwork, lines spoken to Arius.

Considering all the circumstances, it was clear that the assassin was sent by Wu-Lin.

'Let's stay calm. Anyway, his combat power is lower than mine. I can't fall for psychological warfare.'

Xenoger used his six hands to subdue the area where the opponent's power was amplified. There was no way for the poor assassin who burned his muscles with fire to disguise himself.

"From now on, answer my questions. If you tell a lie, I'll tear you limb from limb. Does Uorin know where the Spatur clan is hiding?"

"... ... Know."

"yes? tell me where answer quickly! There's no way you, the direct escort, wouldn't know!"

"Mountains of waves. Valley of Jinmyeong."

Xenoger felt like his body was about to collapse.

The fact that Uorin knows the hiding place means that the subjugation party has already been sent. By tomorrow morning, the Spartur clan will be gone from history.

"Give up. Even if you run away from here, there is no place to take you."

"eww... ... Aaaaaa! shut up!"

Xenoger did not give up.

If the clan was exterminated, they had to survive even more. If it ended like this, where would the value of a clan that had given up being human for a thousand years be found?

"die! Damn you son of a bitch!"

Xenoger raised his left middle arm and cupped his hand into a pointed point. Then, like his spear, it pierced the assassin's stomach and grabbed his heart.

The assassin's body flinched as his heart exploded. The shocked eyes widened greatly.



* * *



Clink!

One of El Crouch's porcelain dolls lined up on the shelf was broken. The body tumbled down the ledge, making a second burst.

Uorin, who was sitting at the table, blinked slowly, like someone who hadn't heard. She then walked over to the storage closet and pulled out a strong drink.

Returning to the table with her crystal glass half filled, she sat down on a chair, crossed her legs, and thought while shaking her white calves.

"Hmm... ... ."

The porcelain doll is broken.

That meant that another life was gone.

A crystal goblet gently parted her cherry lips. A clear liquid trickled down and moistened her tongue before coming out again.

"What a boring night."



* * *



Xenogur glared at the assassin with terrifying eyes.

I've killed countless people so far, but this time, it was the first time an incident was out of the realm of understanding. He stabbed his stomach and burst his heart. I can still feel my heart cooling in his hands. But why... ... .

"Aren't you going to die?"

"Dead, once."

At some point between understanding and insight, Xenogur accepted the assassin's words.

At first glance, curiosity crossed my mind, but it was a fleeting thought. Because there is nothing a person leaving this world needs to know.

"You were an Assassin."

"It doesn't kill people."

The assassin swung the only free left hand. There was a flash of light, and Xenoger's head flew off.

"Circumstances kill."

Watching Xenoger's head bouncing on the floor, the assassin pulled out Xenoger's arm from his chest. Xenoger's body, which fell to the ground, went wild, and a fountain of blood spurted from the cut end of his neck.

The assassin had no emotions. Even if he had any feelings, his face would not be able to express anything.

Dollmaker El Crouch.

Very few people knew that he, who was active 200 years ago, was obsessed with black magic.

At a time when he was receiving public attention for his technology called non-joint joint dolls, a woman came to him.

Surprisingly, the visitor was Theraje who rules the continent.

The two talked a lot, and the day after Theraze left, Crouch died. At least officially.

Hundreds of celebrities attended the funeral. But while they were weeping, Crouch was on a small boat going to a country in the East.

Following Theraze's instructions, they arrived at the puppeteer's family. Originally well versed in black magic, he quickly learned the skills of a puppeteer.

How to make a doll feel affection. How to make a perpetual power engine that the devil told me. How to attach organs to the body of the dead, and more.

Crouch learned all the courses and left the Orient.

When he returned home, 180 years had passed. However, he had already transformed his body into a doll and could not die even if he wanted to.

First of all, he collected his works that he made a long time ago. This is because only dolls made with the puppeteer's soul can disperse life.

However, most of the works were sold and only a few pieces could be collected.

At that point, Theraze gave the first instruction. He wanted to take care of his daughter, Wu Lin.

Uorin liked Crouch, and from then on began collecting El Crouch's porcelain dolls.

"Uorin-nim, this is me."

Crouch knocked on Urin's door.

It's useless for an assassin who can infiltrate anywhere, but it would be appropriate to greet them formally today.

"come in."

Crouch slowly opened the door and entered.

I saw Uorin sipping a drink with her arm resting on the back of the chair. As if he was getting drunk, he welcomed him with a bewitching smile that he hadn't seen before.

"So, what's going on, are you all coming to my room?"

Crouch laughed happily. However, he couldn't convey the meaning that he was a funny joke because he didn't have the muscles to show his expression.

"Spathur's dog has been removed, Princess Uorin. no... ... ."

Crouch, not content with lowering his head, knelt down and fell to the ground.

"Empress Theraze."

Wu Lin smiled and looked out the window. It was still dark for her son-in-law, but she showed signs of dawn.

"You are quick-witted."

Crouch shook his head and confessed honestly.

"To be honest, I didn't know until yesterday. I realized when I saw that the wind was coming. To think that even me, who is by my side 24 hours a day, is deceiving me. When did you wake up?"

"Two years ago."

Crouch stuck out his tongue.

As a puppet master, he knows every detail about human expressions. It was astonishing that he, who could not miss even the slightest movement of his facial muscles, had not known that Uorin had awakened for two years.

'but... ... You are the one who has passed through the ages.'

Theraze is 'mitochondrial Eve'.

Mitochondria are passed on to offspring only from the mother. Therefore, if you follow the genealogy, you can meet the ancestor of all mankind, and that was Mitochondrial Eve.

A long time ago, a woman's mitochondria suffered a strange mutation. It was an absolute genetic ability to transmit 100 percent of her own memories to her offspring.

Theraje's daughter fully awakens the memories of her ancestors after she is ten years old. When her mother gives birth to children, her children become mothers again.

This was the same as a single human being living eternal life only by borrowing the means of reproduction.

She must have existed before taking the name Theraze. Maybe she was just a primate back in the day. So she doesn't know when it happened.

However, the history from the time of occurrence remained in her head. From the beginning of mankind until now.

That's why she was the only human left with Mackline Guffin's deja vu.

Theraje has known for a long time. The fact that he will eventually become extinct just because of his ability to clone himself.

You may catch a contagious disease, be drawn into a war, or be swept away by a natural disaster.

She worked hard to enhance the object's efficiency. She, and she, after four thousand years of her breeding experiments, figured out how to selectively insert her father's genes into the lens.

Since then, Theraze has become superior in every way.

She became more beautiful by inheriting the characteristics of a superior male in appearance, and acquired a strong will by inheriting the blood of the absolute.

The resourceful ability of a wealthy merchant, the physical ability of a great swordsman, the intellectual ability of an archmage, etc., all the traits that help rule the world were received into the body and passed on to the next generation, and the memory is awakened and the same thing is repeated endlessly. did.

In the process of repeating itself like that, Theraj became stronger.

Since these characteristics were not expressed in her son, she built the country directly with the body of a woman. And now, he reigns over the world as the emperor of Kashan and one of the Three Emperors.

"Long time no see, Crouch. The well-groomed handsome man's face has been greatly ruined."

Crouch bowed his head respectfully, realizing that it was not the 14-year-old Uorin, but Theraze's horse that came to him 200 years ago.

"I gained immortality with the help of the Empress. To a puppeteer, a face is just a wrapping paper. My pride is an organ that makes up my body."

"Huh, it's like you. but... ... It was like that the day we first met."

Uorin might remember everything, but Crouch was vague.

Unable to answer, he asked a question to break the awkward silence.

"The wind came. If it were the queen, she would have expected and called. Did you know Shirone would survive?"

Wu Lin went to the window and drew back the curtains. The garden overlooking the apartment was still sleeping quietly.

"Politics is not about giving one and getting one. It is to make a proposal that the opponent has no choice but to win no matter which one they choose. It would be nice if Shirone lived, but it wouldn't have been a bad result if she died."

"okay."

"However, I can say this. He deserved to survive."

"I know you tested it several times."

Uorin looked up at the ceiling and recalled that time.

"At first I tried my luck. When I gave <daily gift>, I won an excessive gift. I thought maybe it could be."

Crouch tilted his head, as if he couldn't understand.

"Did you know that my work will arrive as a gift?"

Uorin nodded.

"The world is like a marble machine. Blue and red events are mixed in the machine. People watching from the outside can't tell what pattern the marbles will come out of. that's what humans are Just go in front of the machine and spin it without knowing what will come out. Crouch, do you think there is such a thing as luck?"

"Good luck. well. Looking back, I feel lucky."

Urin smiled and continued the story.

"There is no such thing as luck. There's no such thing as bad luck In the box, it is already decided which marbles will appear in what order. It's only because humans can't look into the box that they feel lucky or unhappy about it. For some, only blue marbles may continue to appear. Then, for some people, only red marbles came out. Of course, there will be a lot more people who alternate between blue and red. And all of that is human life, life."

=======================================
[312] Causal Wheel (4)





Crouch listened intently.

"By the way, what should I say... ... Yes, if you live endlessly, you will be able to look into the inside of the box a little bit. To go back to the human point of view and explain, who will be unhappy and who will be lucky?"

"okay."

Theraze has encountered numerous incidents since the origin of mankind.

It wasn't superpowers or magic that I felt an excessive gift coming before I even ran the roulette wheel. It was an understanding of the chaotic patterns I had acquired after running the bead machine so many times.

"I just thought of it."

Perhaps thinking it was bragging, Uorin cutely stuck out her tongue and ended it simply.

Crouch loved her like that. She was an absolute love dedicated to a being that could not be surpassed.

"I am always in awe of the empress's foresight. If so, what are you going to do from now on?"

"Hmm, even though someone as talented as Arius went in, they couldn't extract Ataraxia. there must be something i don't know I plan to listen to Zion. It's not that I don't have any guesses."

"Then what should Shirone do?"

It's certain that Uorin called Fengzhang, but I haven't heard anything about Shirone's treatment yet. If he had taken on a recruit by any other means, he had to make the move himself.

"In my opinion, Shirone is in the form of alternating red and blue marbles. I'm not sure yet. I'd like to watch a little more for a while. Let them live their own lives. But block outside intervention. Regardless of faction, organisation, institution or country."

"All right."

Uorin gave an order worthy of the Three Emperors.

It was possible to maintain Shirone's life as if nothing happened today because Theaze's world was vastly larger than Shirone's.

"And Theraje's castle will be inherited by me. Tell the sisters in each country to disappear within two years."

"I will follow your orders."

There was no need to ask for permission from Kashan's ruler. This is because Uorin's judgment is the same as Thera's judgment.

I heard that in the early days of the system, there were disputes over who succeeded the ancestor. However, as the long years passed, Theraje evolved himself to a stage where his death was understandable.

The sisters will understand, see the opportunity and end their lives.

However, the target could have been Uorin. But why did Uorin decide that she should take on Theraze's name?

There was only one difference between her and her sisters: meeting Shirone.

"Shirone is... ... Can we stop the final war?"

Uorin looked out the window, satisfied with his subordinate's insight. It was morning, and the bright sunlight was shining on the world.

"Whoops, stop the final war? It's not just for that reason that Theraze's name continues."

"If you come... ... ?"

"Heaven is also a conquerable territory. It wouldn't matter if it wasn't now. I am a being endowed with eternal time. One day I will go beyond heaven and conquer the end of the universe."

Crouch opened his mouth blankly.

conquer the universe It soon brought out Ankera, the incarnation of the Akashic Records, and she aspired to become a god herself.

"Ataraxia will be a shortcut to that future. It is said that if Arius fails, he cannot steal anyone. But wouldn't it be different if it were me?"

"If you do... ... ."

"yes."

Uorin turned to Crouch and put her hands on her chest. Her figure, smiling in the sunlight, shimmered with golden light.

"I will be Shirone's daughter."



* * *



The next morning, medical staff from the Kashan Empire transported Shirone to her lodgings.

I did everything I could, but I still haven't regained consciousness. Even if consciousness returns, there is a 50-50 chance that the mind will be completely restored.

Vincent showed tears when he said that he might not be able to become a wizard. Amy and Raina comforted her sobbing Olina.

"Do not worry. I was just talking in general. Shirone's mental strength is different from other people's. I'm sure you'll recover completely and open your eyes."

Olina, her neck locked, only nodded in succession.

As if feeling something, Vincent wiped his face with his sleeve and comforted his wife.

"Okay, let's wait. Even the medical staff doesn't say it's half and half. It's not a hopeless situation yet. The more this happens, the more we should become Shirone's strength."

Upon hearing this, Olina jumped up. Being her mom, she couldn't just be moaning.

Placing a wet towel on Shirone's feverish forehead, she joined her hands and prayed.

As a magician, Amy knew better than anyone how much the impact would be on Shirone. That's why she knows that temporary remedies like that don't work, but she knows how she thinks about her child, so she just keeps her mouth shut.

Leaving Shirone with Olina, the three quietly left the room.

Anyway, once I saved my life, I had to think about practical issues from now on. I wanted to pack up and go back right away, but the administrative authority of Kazura had been transferred to Kashan.

Interference in internal affairs is a national disgrace. As such, the opposition from the aristocrats was not easy, but even if it was only a cosmetic relationship, Theraze was Orkamp's wife, so it was ambiguous to openly oppose it. In the end, I had no choice but to wait until tomorrow when the paternity test was over.

It was only a day difference, but spending a night in an enemy country really felt like walking on thin ice.

Kashan's medics informed him that the nobles of Khazra would no longer be able to act, but he was not relieved. More than anything else, Eliza's greatest concern was whether she would endure it.

Olina slapped the Queen on the cheek. Violence by a commoner against royalty was a felony punishable by death. She said Olina would have done the same if she had turned her time back, but getting her out unharmed was a whole different matter.

After a night that was longer than usual, the morning was bright.

All of the attendants of the Ogent family who guarded Shirone all night had sunken eyes. Contrary to fear, nothing happened. It seems that Kashan's medical team didn't just say it.

Since it was the day Shirone's paternity test came out, the attention of Kazura's nobles turned to the court.

A safe displayed in the inner garden has been recovered. Due to the public surveillance system, no one had access to the safe during the war.

The alchemists opened the neatly interlocking caspa. If anyone wants to play a prank, now is their only chance, but no one thought to approach it since Kashan was in control.

After confirming the results, the alchemists wrote a report after entrusting the examination to the minister of Kashan. And prior to the announcement, a letter was sent to the king's apartment.



Eliza had been sick in bed for two days.

Shirone's attempt to kill her was a shock. Besides, the cheek from Olina's blow was still painful. Last night she had a fever up to 40 degrees and she hadn't slept a wink.

The spirit of Orkamp taking care of his wife was also not normal.

Shirone, who was burned black by the interference in internal affairs and was the only hope, is under Theraze's protection. All I could trust now was the test results. As long as it is confirmed that Shirone is his biological child, he will be able to gain his own right to speak.

'I need Shirone. I need Shirone.'

Just in time, the Minister of Home Affairs came with the approval documents from the alchemy department.

"Your Highness, the results are out."

Eliza ran ahead of Orkamp and grabbed the papers. Her nervous hands trembled at her.

Sat down on the bed, she opened the folder. It contained a piece of official letter with the seal of the alchemy department.

The paper in Eliza's hand made a trembling sound.

She read the sentences in the official letter without missing a single letter. When the results were finally in sight, she saw thick tears running down her cheeks.

She hugged the official document until it was crumpled and looked up at the ceiling.

"Ah, my son... ... ."



* * *



Olina stayed up all night nursing Shirone. She seems to have worked hard. The fever that had been boiling all night came in the morning and she was a little caught. Amy looked at Shirone sadly.

Kashan's medical team said there was a good chance he would wake up within 24 hours. However, as the day passed, he said that he could not guess when he would be conscious from then on.

You may have to wait a day or two. However, in the worst case scenario, you may end up living in a vegetative state for a year or more.

'Well, since I cast absurd magic.'

The monster at the depth level 1 scratched, tore, and ripped out Shirone's mind.

It was like tearing a child's blanket and covering an adult's body. Even considering Shirone's fast growth rate, it was a stage that could only be reached after at least five years of training.

I couldn't even imagine how much of an impact it must have had on my mind.

can i recover?

If the durability of the mind lost the elasticity to return, there was no choice but to live forever as a disabled person.

'Haha, what are you thinking about? Shirone can't do that. Shirone... ... .'

A knock was heard. As Reina opened the door, Eliza's maid bowed her head.

Amy thought that what was to come was finally here.

"The Queen is looking for Ms. Olina."

Olina nodded calmly.

After changing the wet towel on Shirone's forehead, she kissed her son's cheek before getting ready to leave.

"Let's go. Guide me."

Vincent followed with a worried face.

"Honey, come with me."

"Nope. I am the one the Queen has called. Do not worry. I'll be back soon."

Olina also had a reason to be alone with Eliza.

If the crime of assaulting the royal family was established, she would not be the only one to be sentenced to death. She had to build a fence to protect her family.

Traces of the death struggle still remained in the Grand Hall. The building waste was removed, but the collapsed floor was temporarily repaired with planks, and the broken pillars were left as they were, as if they couldn't even find a way to fix them.

The clothes of the king and queen were more splendid than ever. Olina could feel that it was a desperate struggle to hide the humiliation of losing the sovereignty to Kashan.

Eliza, who had been arrogantly looking down at Olina, was taken aback when she did not avert her gaze.

When I first met her, she was so terrified that I couldn't even make eye contact with her. But why is she now glaring at the country's queen? Because it's her mother? she may be

But it was not accepted in my heart.

'If the position has changed... ... Can I do like her?'

It seemed like a job that all mothers in the world could do, but I had a contradictory thought that not everyone could do it.

"I remember clearly what you did to me."

Olina snorted very lightly.

Orkamp thought there was dust in her nose, but Eliza, the woman, knew for sure that it was a snort.

Her eyes seemed to be saying this. If there's one thing I regret the most in my life, it's not being able to slap you just once.

"Do you think I am a pathetic mother?"

"I am not a person who dares to judge others. I just couldn't allow my son to be wrong."

Olina politely bowed her head and replied.

Orkamp couldn't detect the high-density warfare between the women. So he kept his mouth shut.

Eliza recalled the situation in which Shirone ran out of control.

"Yes. It is also true that she was scared. But Shirone attacked me. He might have died if he got close. You act as if you've done more than I did. How would you feel if you were in my situation?"

"I would have gone to Shirone anyway."

"why? Because you are the mother?"

"Because my child was stabbed."

=======================================
[313] Causal Wheel (5)





Eliza's arsenic froze.

"Queen, I do not know what happened that day. The only thing he could see was a knife stuck in his son's bloodied stomach. I couldn't think of anything, and in the end I committed an unforgivable rudeness to the queen."

Eliza gripped the arm of the chair strongly.

"huh! Shameless! Well, the commoners might say you're right! Because all they have is emotions! But I don't think so! You almost turned him into a pervert!"

"If it's Shirone's choice, I'll have to accept it."

"Should I accept it? That's a really convenient way of thinking. No, cowardly. Shirone tried to kill me. Are you saying I don't even have the right to criticize Shirone?"

"Parents have no right to do that."

Eliza gritted her teeth and stood up. He was ready to beheaded at any moment.

Olina didn't care and continued talking with her eyes down.

"Parents only have a dozen or so years to teach their children not to do that."

Eliza's head went blank. She wants to think about something, but she just sits in her chair with white thoughts.

"Queen, I have been by Shirone's side for 18 years. So now, no matter what my son does, everything is just my negligence. Please punish me."

Parents have no right to reject their children's decisions. But you are given countless hours to avoid making that decision.

Tears welled up in Eliza's eyes. she didn't have her The moment she abandoned her child, her precious time was also gone.

Breaking the silence of the Grand Hall, the Royal Knights spoke.

"Your Highness, Shirone asks for an audience."

Olina looked back at the door with a surprised expression.

Orkamp had also been told that they did not know when Shirone would regain consciousness. Thinking of something, he solemnly gave instructions.

"Stop by."

A haggard-faced Shirone entered along the red carpet. In the back, Amy, Raina, and Vincent followed. After confirming that Olina was safe, Vincent let out a sigh of relief for her.

"Okay, what happened? Your complexion looks bad. If it's not urgent, we can talk after taking a break."

Shirone saved the answer. As soon as he woke up, he had come running, so he didn't think he could raise his voice.

As he approached Orkamp as close as possible, he spoke directly.

"Right Now... ... I will leave the castle."

Amy, Reina, and their parents turned their heads in surprise.

Even when I insisted on meeting Orkamp as soon as I woke up, I did not expect that I would be notified of my return so quickly.

"I realized something after coming here. From this moment on, I have no parents other than my parents by my side."

It was a promise that Shirone had pledged her whole life to. It was also her proclamation to sever all ties with her Kazura.

Orkamp, ??who was lost in thought, opened his mouth.

"I allow it."

This time, everyone's eyes turned to Orkamp.

However, he didn't show any emotion, as if he was already prepared. He just calmly made eye contact with Shirone.

"Reina-sister, prepare a wagon. I'll go back to my room and pack my stuff."

As she passed through the Grand Hall, Shirone never looked back. I could see how much he hated this place.

Reina looked at Eliza. With Orkamp's permission gone, I was thinking of handing over Olina's case as well.

After saying goodbye with a gentle eye smile, Eliza's cold voice pierced her back as she was about to take the party and turn around.

"Where are you going? I know we still have some work to do."

Olina frowned and turned around. Her heart raced honestly, but she didn't want to appear weak anymore.

"The reason I called you was because I couldn't decide what punishment to give. I was going to order the death penalty, but it seemed that my anger would not go away. So, at first, I tried to make you blind by plucking out your eyeballs or mute by plucking out your tongue."

Vincent's face turned red. If he did that, he would take Olina and run away, even if he had to bury his bones here.

"But even that wasn't enough. So I was thinking about it and it came to my mind. It was a really perfect punishment. as soon as... ... ."

Everyone gulped and waited for the words to follow. Eliza studied their reactions with her sleepy eyes and continued her words.

"I'm just sending them away."

"... ... Yes?"

Amy asked involuntarily. Other people were equally puzzled.

"If I do Hakoji, Shirone will only look at you for the rest of her life. that was embarrassing So I tried to send it. To live a life of balance between you and the real mother of the country's queen. Envy and be jealous of me until the moment she dies."

Everyone is speechless. Regardless of the severity of the punishment, it was a venomous way of thinking.

Eliza, who had been spewing out terrifying murderous intentions, quickly put on a dejected expression and searched for herself.

"But, by the way, it really can't be, but I thought I'd give it to you if you could convince me. And... ... You won."

The crumpled paper left Eliza's hand and rolled across the floor.

Olina picked it up and slowly unfolded it. It was an official letter from Orkamp and Shirone's paternity test results. She was the one who taught Syrone her writing, so she could read most of it except for the difficult terms.

He quickly skipped over complex experiments and focused on the most important results. Everyone's eyes turned to the official letter in the frustration of not being able to wait.



 As a result of dissolving the blood samples of clients 1 and 2 in oxtamine and storing them in a vacuum for 3 days, no change in color, concentration, or precipitate was found. Therefore, it is based on the fact that Client 1 (Orcamp) and Client 2 (Shirone) are not biologically related according to the result of the oxtamine-negative test.



"Oh my gosh... ... ."

Orkamp and Shirone were not father and son. He was a biologically perfect man.

Amy looked at Orkamp. I finally realized why he was bored from earlier.

"How could this be?"

"I don't know. no need to know The possibility that it was manipulated is 0%, so you can rest assured. Anyway, he's not my son, so take the official document with you. I don't know if it will be necessary."

Eliza added.

"Shirone doesn't know yet. I'll leave it up to you to tell the truth or not. Thinking of the rudeness two days ago, I want to remain Shirone's real mother forever, but I will forgive you only this time, thinking that you did what I was supposed to do."

Olina raised her head in surprise.

Maybe it was an illusion, but for a moment it seemed like Eliza smiled.

"Stop going back. Shirone is your son."



* * *



The third floor of the basement of the Kazura Castle was a dungeon where numerous political prisoners were dragged in at a time when internal affairs were in turmoil. They haven't seen sunlight in decades and never will.

A certain noble married the human who tortured her. Gender didn't matter. It was a love that transcended gender barriers, and a pure bond between living things. At least in their opinion.

What could be the problem? To them, the end of the world is just the walls of a dungeon. And this was another society completely isolated from human society.

Uorin walked on the dirt floor that smelled of pus. Her many subterranean creatures parted to the left and right of her with every step she took. It was the daily bread of those in quarantine.

"Oooh. Oooh."

A strange sound leaked from each door installed in the wall. It was both pain and pleasure. It sounded like crying, but somehow I thought it might be laughing.

Kazura Kingdom has been neglecting this place for 5 years.

Now, it has been reduced to a useless life, but someone may have overcome torture and wait for the right time with dangerous information like a bomb. There is no need to bring it out to the surface and scrape it to make a crust. It was best to just let it rot away forever.

Wu Lin recalled the contents of a novel his ancestors had read 80 years ago.

The main character was a child born in a dungeon that had been neglected for 70 years.

In the novel, the dungeon was described as an ant society. Women were valued for their childbearing role, and once a boy was born, they were either used for food or enslaved and had to work for the rest of their lives.

The main character was born with food number 141. But with the help of the oldest man in the dungeon, he was able to become a slave.

The old man was the highest aristocrat 70 years ago, and was the only one who knew the outside world. Knowing that his life was short, he passed on all his knowledge to the protagonist.

When the protagonist was fifteen years old, a civil war broke out in the kingdom. The dungeon was opened for the first time in 85 years, and the main character who escaped to the world ended the civil war and became the king.

Wu Lin raised an eyebrow.

They say a novel is just a novel, but how would you know? The day will come when such a miraculous thing will happen to Ji-on and he will leave this place.

When we found Zeon in the food pantry, he was relying on Armand's recovery program to survive.

He would have died if left alone. And maybe, that side might have been happier.

Zion will not know. Who is the person who saved you? As soon as he regains consciousness, he finds out who ordered the torture. Who was the person who threw him into the dungeon as soon as he confessed what had happened in Shirone's mind?

Ji-on was sitting in a prison that was cluttered with wood.

He knew how miserable the dungeon was. He cried all night and his eyes were swollen, and he looked as if he had lost his mind.

Hearing footsteps, he instinctively drew his limbs. Then he saw Wu Lin's face in the light of the weak torch, and quickly showed a bright color and clung to her throat spear.

"Uorin! Here it is! get me out! Where were you? Some strange bastards tortured me and threw me here!"

Even when she saw Ji-on humming like a baby begging for milk, Uorin couldn't even feel the slightest bit of maternal love.

Thera's ability does not manifest in the son. To her, who exists as a clone of her self, her son was only a shell that resembled her in appearance.

After being tortured, Jion's face was a mess. A crust of blood settled over the area she had been beaten, and her eyes were black and blue. Her ribs were broken and she was bandaged.

Seeing how he struggled even in the midst of difficulty moving, it seemed that he was afraid of the dungeon.

"It doesn't make sense. How did the popular oppa become like that?"

Ji-on's eyes lit up when he saw the sword Uorin was wearing.

Although it was in the scabbard, the handle was definitely <Demonic Sword Armand>. It was clear that she had brought her to jailbreak.

"damn! son of a bitch, i won't let you go Shirone is still in the royal castle, right? No, it doesn't matter. I will come and kill you."

Ji-on reached out of the wooden window to grab Armand.

Woorin took a step back. When Ji-on looked at him incredulously, she grinned and showed her the key to her prison cell.

"what? Have you already been sentenced to release? You should have told me sooner."

As if waiting for the lock to be unlocked, Ji-on kicked off the wooden spear and left the prison. At the same time, Wu Lin grabbed him by the neck and pushed him back into the prison.

"Ouch... ... !"

Ji-on, who had his head slammed against the wall, collapsed in that state. With Wu Lin still holding her by the throat, he pushed her face.

"You still can't figure out the situation, you pitiful human being."

"Uh, Uorin... ... ! what's the matter... ... !"

"Do you know why I didn't kill you?"

Zeon is one of the few humans who has reached the depth level of Shirone. He's already heard a lot of it through his mouth, but it might come in handy someday.

"What you saw, what you heard, what you experienced. nothing should be said If you think of anything, I will break your brain. If you try to do anything, I will break your limbs."

Ji-on realized from Uorin's cold tone. He seemed to hear his mother's cold voice.

=======================================
[314] Causal Wheel (6)





My instinctive thought was that I had to get out of here.

You need to hold a sword to activate Diamond Armament. But Armand's handle was too far.

'Rated control... ... !'

Armand, who received Zeon's mental wave, escaped from the scabbard with the sound of water. But before he could reach Ji-on's, Wu-rin clenched and grabbed his handle with his left hand.

Ji-on glared at Uorin ferociously.

Not the sister he knew. Not only did he grab Armand's handle without looking at its location, but he also didn't understand the physical force holding Armand in full control.

Uorin slowly moved the arm holding Armand in reverse. Zion gave the order again, but Armand couldn't get out and just shuddered.

As the blade approached Ji-on's throat, the vibrating sound was clearly audible. Her sister's wrist, which slipped out of her sleeve, was as thin as that of a normal girl. She had never even heard of learning swordsmanship.

'But how can I get this kind of power?'

Uorin's face was calm without even feeling that he was giving him strength.

However, a strong willpower was working in my head. A technique called incarnation in heaven. Also, the swordsmen of this world called this phenomenon divine transcendence.

Uorin slowly moved his sword towards Ji-on's neck. Even if it was divine transcendence, if the body did not support it, the effect would fall, but there was no problem with Zeon's weak mental power.

"You are not qualified to be the owner of this sword."

As Armand moved against his consciousness, Ji-on became confused.

Finally, the blade touched his throat. The vibration grew stronger and the skin opened.

"Cancel the contract. Otherwise, your throat will be cut off."

The place where the sun touched was as cold as shaved ice. Then, as soon as it became hot as if it were on fire, he screamed involuntarily.

"Come on, cancel the contract!"

At the same time as Zeon's cry, Armand's vibrations stopped.

Uorin finally loosened Ji-on's neck and inserted Armand into the scabbard.

"It is a wasteful sword to give to you. Let's put it to good use."

Ji-on, who was pinned to the wall, said while stroking the neck where the palm marks were left.

"you... ... Who the hell are you?"

"You'd better listen to me, mortal."

Leaving those words behind, Uorin left the prison.

The door was open, but Ji-on couldn't move. When she disappeared, she finally realized what her reality was.

Nothing should be done. Until she is freed, she is doomed to rot in her dungeon forever.

Tears flowed as the great despair struck. Then he slowly fell on his side, put his head in the corner and began to shiver.



* * *



Uorin put Armand in the sheath and escaped the dungeon.

The combative silver scabbard was prepared in advance by ordering the craftsman. Gold is the best for being stylish, but it was excluded from the selection because it was not practical.

"I hope you like it."

After leaving the castle gate, the traces of Theraze completely disappeared from Uorin's face.

Before she knew it, she had turned into a fresh 14-year-old girl and ran toward the carriage with a broad smile.

"Brother Shirone!"

Shirone, who was carrying a load on the machete, turned her head. Wu Lin was approaching, waving her hand. Suddenly, a nerve in my head passed through a certain point. But strangely, it was just an empty space. Blinking for a moment, he smiled lightheartedly. It was a way to cut off ties with Orkamp like a knife, but she wanted to meet again at least once.

I heard that Theraze's direct escort Pungjang appeared and took the unconscious himself. Uorin put all her strength into it without asking. Besides, if it wasn't for her <The Last Cry of the Jaeger Family> that she gave her, she would have already become her corpse without being able to escape Xeno's blow.

"Are you leaving now?"

"yes. Thank you for that time. In fact, I was worried because I felt like I was leaving without even saying goodbye."

"Hehe, greetings between us. But maybe I can see you again someday?"

Shirone scratched his eyebrows in embarrassment.

He was in critical condition a while ago, but fortunately his mind was not seriously affected. Uorin was an unavoidable existence if she continued her life as a wizard.

But now that I had the freedom I so desperately wanted, I didn't want to get entangled again.

"Are you still sorry for me?"

"It's not like that. But, we are so different."

Wu Lin smiled bitterly.

Anyone who had experienced something like that in the royal castle would think the same. However, I couldn't help but feel sad when I heard from someone who pointed out that I was a future husband.

"still... ... Do you think we are friends?"

"Sure. no, it's a benefactor You saved my life."

"That's it. Do not worry. I will never bother her brother again."

Shirone realized the meaninglessness of words. That, too, was taught by Urin. But he couldn't help but be grateful for the consideration that he said.

"Yes, you are fine too."

"ah! And this... ... ."

Uorin held out the sword she was wearing at her waist.

I could tell at a glance that it was Armand. I just stared blankly at it because I didn't understand why, but Uorin said.

"I will give it to my brother as a present. Because Ji-on oppa won't get out of prison for a long time."

I heard through Reina that Zeon is alive. I don't know what happened, but it is said that Empress Theraze personally put her in prison for the crime of tarnishing the authority of her blood relatives.

As seen in Zion's gallery, Armand radiated the light of temptation. However, Shirone was not willing to accept it. He never wanted to be in debt to the royal family again.

Amy didn't know that feeling. Just hearing the word Theraze, no, Kazura, made my bones hurt. But isn't it an S-class object, not another object? It didn't make sense to say no to this unless you were an idiot.

"Shirone, it's bad manners to refuse to give it to me."

When Shirone turned around with a sullen look, Amy stuck out her tongue and took a step back.

Uorin passed the sword to Shirone's chest as if telling her not to worry.

"You can take it. I'm going to repay you on behalf of the Kazura Kingdom. Because of the king's circumstances, he had to die. He will never consider it a debt."

Uorin was also sincere this time. this is not a debt Think of it as a kind of coma.

If you say that, you can't help but be tempted. However, it is still a conflict because it is too much of a gift.

S-class objects are difficult even for royalty to hold in their hands. Besides, isn't Armand not just for entertainment, but specialized for combat? Even if it was put up for auction, I had no idea how much the cigar would be worth.

"I really don't know if I can accept it. Above all, I am not a prosecutor. Wouldn't it be better to go to someone who needs this item more than me?"

"Huh, I still don't know the true value of Armand. Make a contract once. If you don't like it, you can always turn it off."

Shirone received Armand only then. However, since he was new to the contract type object, he did not know how to make a contract.

"What is this... ... How are you doing?"

"All you have to do is hold the magic sword with both hands, hold it upright, and say this. I, the great wizard Syrone, command you, Armand, follow my orders."

Shirone looked at Uorin with an absurd expression. Then she said, raising the corners of her mouth shyly.

"Just say <contract>."

Shirone picked up Armand and shouted <contract>. As the jewel shone, a magnificent tremor passed through the palms of my hands.

"By the way, was there a contract? Can't you feel anything?"

<Demonic Sword Armand> is known to share consciousness with its user. However, Shirone couldn't feel anything different from before.

"It's because we haven't started Armand yet. Rated control is possible only when the user's brain is copied with the Diamond Armed Forces. Say it's Geumgang Armed Forces."

Amy, who had witnessed the state of the Geumgang Armed Forces before her eyes, swallowed her saliva.

The power of decomposing the blade and devouring the user is amazing, but the increase in stats that turned Zeon, who had never handled a sword, into an instant warrior was also noteworthy.

"Geumgang Armed Forces."

Armand's blade opened in a gloomy frame and swallowed Shirone first. In the case of Zeon, the transformation took place in an instant, but it took quite a bit of time for the first user.

A metal skeleton spiraled along the muscle line. With only the frame completed, a thin needle entered Shirone's central nervous system.

"Ugh!"

 - New User Cerebral Scan. analyze. Specialization of mental activity. Activation of verbal cognition.

A majestic voice that seemed to come through a golden crown resonated in my head. Subsequently, organic substances leaked out in abundance from the framework that tightly clamped Shirone's body.

Amy, who was watching, realized that Armand was changing into a robe, not an armor.

Cascading gauntlets made of light bone material were worn on both wrists, and an organic substance that turned into a hood covered the face. Finally, the cloak spread out like a water stream and fluttered.

 - Activation of neural networks. focus point detection. beta wave relaxation. maximizing theta waves. Navigating the time slice section. available. Possibility of objectification. Approval. Creation of exobrains. Concept word search. outside.

A feeling of pressure was transmitted to the leather of the right gauntlet. When I looked into my palm, I saw a convex hemispherical glass embedded in it. As light radiated from there, glass matter gathered in the air.

The completed purple crystal ball quickly whirled around Shirone. It was another brain that specialized in Shirone's time-sharing ability, a crystal ball called Oewae.

"wow... ... ."

Everyone who watched Shirone widened their eyes.

Wearing a hood, Shirone was a perfect professional wizard. The organic substance that makes up the robe has a desert color, so it was far from glamorous, but it was this side that looked rather strong.

Shirone, unaware of how her appearance had changed, was simply amazed at the changes taking place inside her body. Her physical abilities also increased, but her head was refreshingly clear. She was at least twice as refreshed as when she was in the best condition.

Most of all, I liked Mado Mugu and others. Since the same brain was cloned, there is still only one slot, but the speed of time division was able to rise dramatically. In addition, it was safe to say that it was the same as the Double Spirit Zone when using passive magic.

"This is really great... ... ."

Wu Lin nodded with a satisfied smile.

"Armand makes up for weaknesses and maximizes strengths based on user information. Now disarm the diamond and try the rated control."

When Shirone remembered the release, the Geumgang Armed Forces were disbanded.

Returning with a sleek sword, Armand flew through the air following Shirone's thoughts. Since he had already achieved mental integration through the Diamond Armament, the feeling of sharing his consciousness was not alien.

Armand flew low and entered the sheath that had fallen to the ground. Then he flew to Shirone's side and was fastened as if he were wearing a belt. This was also Armand's arrangement not to put any weight on the wizard's body.

"thanks. But no matter how you think about it, this is too much. It's an S-class object."

"Oh, oppa, I really can't stop him. Well, that's why I like it."

Uorin glanced at it, but Shirone didn't seem to notice any special meaning.

Is it still a bunch? But someday... ... . With that thought in mind, he grabbed Shirone's arm and eased the burden.

"it's okay. I think an objet should meet its owner well as well as its efficiency. Please take good care of my brother in the future. Then see you next time."

Saying that, Uorin turned around and walked away. Because he knew that Shirone's personality meant that if he didn't turn coldly, he wouldn't be able to leave for more than a day.

Shirone thanked Uorin for being considerate until the end and got on the carriage.

As the horses neighed and set off, Shirone and the others cheered.

Going home was like a dream.

It was noisy for a while. He excitedly shared the gossip of the Kazura nobles and tried to reason about <Demonic Sword Armand>.

An hour passed like that, and the inside of the carriage decorated like a house was immersed in peaceful silence.

=======================================
[315] Causal Wheel (7)





Still in shock, Shirone lay down on the bed and fell asleep. On the other side of the bed, Vincent and Olina were sitting, and Amy was sitting on the floor watching the view out the window.

Reina, who was lost in thought, said with a relieved expression.

"Whoa, it was a really long four days."

Amy, who had been enjoying the air, turned around and sat down.

"Iknow, right. Anyway, I was really surprised. Orkamp wasn't your real parents."

Vincent shook his head as he recalled the time.

"I was surprised as well. When her wife entered the Grand Hall, she was motionless, and she thought she should bury her bones here."

Reina looked back at Olina.

"But what are you going to do? Are you going to tell Shirone the truth?"

"I've been thinking about it, but I think it would be better not to say it. It's something you'll find out anyway."

Amy asked.

"Why? At best, I even delivered an official letter that Queen Eliza was not her biological son. We need to make it clear to Shirone that such a woman is not her mother at all."

"I saw the look in Shirone's eyes when she entered the grand hall. Maybe she already knew Shirone. That they are not your biological parents."

Rayna agreed with her.

"Well, it's because he's smart and quick-witted. Shirone said, I don't have any parents except the two of you. Wouldn't that be a story that was brought up under the assumption that other real parents might come?"

When I thought about it that way, the front and back matched. At first, she thought it was her words out of betrayal, but you weren't the one to be fooling around like that.

"He is a good kid. He shouted loudly in front of the Queen, but in fact he is an undeserved son. I have no face to see his son's face for letting him get caught up in something like this."

Reina offered words of comfort.

"Don't think so. It was unavoidable. The time and the area where they abandoned their son coincided, and it was the only case where a child was abandoned at that time."

"Wait!"

Amy held out her hand as if realizing something.

The maid who abandoned her son said that she had left her son at the stable in the Valley of Dawn. That's why she was invited to the royal palace as a potential candidate for her. However, the result was unexpected and was not between father and son.

"Then what the hell... ... Who is Shirone?"

Everyone who realized the meaning of the question was silent.

If not Orkamp's child, who was Shirone abandoned by?

Vincent still vividly recalled the events of that day. He heard his child cry in his sleep and went to his stable. However, there was no trace of anyone entering the stable.

What happened that night? Why can't Orkamp's children be found? What on earth did Shirone realize that he said such a thing to Orkamp?

With countless answers buried in the depths, Shirone was only in a deep sleep.



* * *



Armin arrived at Toshka Village. The news that Shirone was safe was heard on the way back.

But now it has its own problems. He wouldn't sit still at the top if rumors spread that he was involved with the wizard of the Black Line.

'It'll be fine. I've definitely talked about it.'

Now that I've explained to Amy why I wore the mask, I'll keep my promise.

Even if I didn't keep it, it was unavoidable. Because that is the foundation of trust.

Armin, who let go of his heart, looked up at the house surrounded by the time field. He was as still as dead.

As he sighed and cast the flicker magic, the scenery in the room greeted him.

The moment I arrived at the place where I cast the stop magic, the flow of time reversed and the vase was broken.

Keira glared at Armin. It was impossible to ascertain how much Armin's position had changed because his gaze was taken by the falling vase.

"A few days... ... Has it passed?"

"Well. about 4 days... ... ."

Keira pursed her lips and suppressed her anger.

"Did you go after all? Even if I dried it like that?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Don't think of cheating! If not, there's no reason to hang a time field!"

Armin calmly lied.

"I was angry for a second, I just needed time to think."

Keira snorted. Who would believe that sound?

But the reason the tantrum goes off is because there is no way to check. To lie so confidently is to say that in the end it leaves no trace. So, the control of the situation was still in his hands.

"Whoa, okay. I'll tell the superiors well. Just report to me."

"Again, I haven't gone anywhere."

Keira gritted her teeth.

Since he entered the organization, Armin was known for his stubbornness, so once he shut his mouth, there was no way to make him open.

Then a small bird made of red light penetrated the wall. It was a telebird sent from the upper level.

Despite the level of photon modeling, it was impossible for anyone but a wizard who had reached the limit of information magic to fly 78,000 kilometers to deliver information.

A red telebud meant a first-degree crisis.

The bird glowed red and carved letters into the air. Keira's face turned pale as she interpreted her code in real time.

"Nonsense. I can't be this fast... ... ."

Watching the red bird dissipate like a flame, Armin walked to the window. Had he been to Khazra, he would have had the same thoughts as Keira, but not now.

"I changed my mind. Let's go, Keira. I have something to report to the superiors."

He is not one to be stubborn on a simple whim. Keira guessed that the events in Kazura and the events reported by Telebird were not unrelated.

"Do you know something?"

Armin stayed silent until the end.

I hoped that Shirone would be able to enjoy her school days at least a little. The day everyone knows, the world will never leave him alone.

'Maybe we'll meet sooner than expected, Shirone.'

third (1)





Kazura Kingdom cut off all diplomatic channels.

No official statement of position. The hotline only conveyed the situation in which sovereignty passed to the Kashan Empire.

The dissatisfaction of the allies was great, but Theraze was holding out, so they could not openly show their dissension.

It was the power of the Three Emperors, and that's how Kazura Kingdom got away from the customs' attention.

Shirone took a break for a few days and returned to school. The advanced class curriculum was over, but the graduation exam, the best event of the Magic School, was approaching tomorrow, so the atmosphere in the school was hot.

Since returning to magic school meant that she was not a member of the royal family, the classmates' attitude towards Shirone was still cold. However, it wasn't certain, so I couldn't pour out abusive words like I used to.

Before leaving school, Shirone was sad inside, but compared to the humiliation she suffered at Kazura, it was child's play. Besides, I've been worrying a lot lately, so I didn't even have time to care about what other people thought.

A monster sleeps in your heart.

The evidence was that he felt a sense of collapse in his brain that some huge memory had existed.

At first, it was just a feeling. Then, while resting, the outline was revealed, as if a fossil were being excavated.

While some memories were completely lost, scenes that left a strong impression gradually came to mind.

When the Demon God forcibly expanded his mind, it was unbearably painful.

No, was it really like that?

In fact, at the end of the pain, I tasted a sense of liberation. The feeling of accelerating through runaway was ecstatic, as if drunk, and a thrill of pleasure flowed every time the magic was activated.

'no. It wasn't me.'

not me Shironera is a new existence that is a combination of an incarnation and a demon. However, if you continue the chain of thoughts, you will eventually come to the conclusion that it is also yourself.

The Demon God still sleeps deep inside Shirone. And the key to unlock the seal was still in his hand.

'You can't open it. If you can't control me, nothing can be mine.'

Because he was weak, the Demon God seized the initiative. In order to reverse the master-servant relationship, a strong force was needed that would not be shaken under any circumstances.

Shirone visited the training ground. The students were not seen because the regular course was over.

After performing the sequence ceremony for about an hour, he calmly opened his eyes and concentrated the photons. When he took the magical action of holding the ball with both hands, a photon was born between his palms.

The Demon God expanded Geumgangtae's spirit until it collapsed. He couldn't believe that it had been attempted under calculation. If it wasn't for Geumgangtae, he would have already become a disabled person and stuck in the corner of his room.

Shirone was surprised by the photon's compressive power, which was different from before.

Even when I was preparing for the presentation of the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group, I had a bar where I strengthened my spirit zone by rebounding my mind every day. But this time, it was an extreme rebound that was incomparable to that.

As the god particles were concentrated, the photon cannon's light source gradually became smaller and turned into a white orb with clear edges. It was like looking at platinum burning in the sunlight.

If you compress it further here, the density soars exponentially, creating a magic called dark sphere, but inevitably a situation in which you lose control occurs.

Shirone pressed the photon up and down. When the photon, flattened like a disk, was thrown, the flash of light quickly bent and cut through space and returned.

I grabbed it, split it in two, and molded it in the form of a commendation. The moment I stretched out my two hands, the shuriken pierced the space all the way and returned while eating reverse rotation.

When the form did not collapse even after two rounds of molding, Shirone chopped it into smaller pieces.

Eight bidos with crescent-like wings on a streamlined body resembling a bird were molded and inserted between the fingers.

As he swung his arms as if crossing the letter X, the 8 blades, reacting sensitively to the wind pressure, clawed all over the place, making the sound of a swarm of locusts flying around. If even a flying animal jumped into the radius, it would turn into gravy in an instant.

With both hands, Shirone swept 4 of the Vidos, which lost their lift and slowed down. Density was significantly reduced. As soon as Bido was put together like clay, photons exploded, spreading a blade-like flash of light. Fragments of light glittering like flower petals floated in front of my eyes.

"Hmm... ... ."

Thanks to controlling the luminescence of photons, detailed modeling became possible without using a fractal cell. Because function comes from form, the utilization of magic using photons was incomparable to before.

However, Shirone's face was not satisfactory.

While I was immersed in thought with my chin resting on my head, I felt someone from behind. When she turned her head, Iruki and Nade were opening their mouths so much that their jaws fell out.

"what? When did you guys come?"

Nade was speechless and unable to answer.

I heard that he went to the training ground as soon as he returned, and I thought it was Shirone-like, but it was the opposite. She was using magic on a completely different level from Shirone a few days ago.

"What was that? Is this a newly developed magic? What's your name?"

"There is no such thing as a name. I was just looking through things. It is now possible to capture the luminescence of photons. However, handling it like a weapon seems to be less efficient. To think about it a little more."

Since photons are the most vulnerable to shaping by nature, magic with plastic shaping consumes a lot of mental power. There was no reason to change it to offensive magic unless it was superior to Photon Cannon.

Iruki made a conclusion.

"So, the magic that surprised us was nothing more than a mere experiment. The garbage of garbage that you'll never look at again."

"... ... No, not to that extent."

Iruki smiled and asked.

"What happened? I heard that the sovereignty passed to Kashan."

=======================================
[316] 1/3 (2)





Shirone confessed what happened at Kazura.

As Amy asked, the story about Armin was omitted, but there were still too many things. He engaged in a war of words with the king of one country, and befriended Wu Lin, the daughter of the Empress. He had a fight with the officers of the magic department, and even demonstrated ataraxia in front of the highest nobles.

Friends were listening to the story with their mouths open in a daze. It was too absurd for an 18-year-old boy to experience. Shirone had been to the royal castle.

"So you said you were stabbed? You really almost died."

Shirone lifted the hem of her clothes and showed the wound. The stitch marks were clear.

Iruki asked anxiously.

"Is your hair okay? It must have been quite a shock."

"Fortunately, after taking a few days off, I feel much better. The stomach is still throbbing. That's right, I also brought an objet. come to my room later I'll show."

"Ugh! really? Weapons are not allowed on campus. Did you become very brave after being stabbed?"

Shirone waved his hand with a tired expression.

"No, I didn't want to do that either, but there were circumstances."

Armand, whose pride was hurt by being put in the corner of the room, tormented Shirone with mental waves every night. Even if he didn't have enough time to rest, he pecked his mind, so he had no choice but to promise to take him. Like most demonic swords, Armand's personality seems to be quite demanding.

"Then let's go see it now. I can't wait to see you! Armed with gold! Rated control!"

"Afterwards. I have somewhere to go now."

"yes? Where are you going?"

Iruki hit Nade on the side.

"It's a graduation exam. I should spend my last night with my lover."

Shirone firmly shook her head.

"no it's not! Amy followed Kazura and helped me. She wants to go and cheer for her in person."

"I guess so. Anyway, let's go. When the sun goes down, the steel door closes. Please tell me to cheer up."

Shirone checked the time and was startled.

"uh? has it already been like this? Then I'll come. See you later."

After leaving the training ground, Shirone headed for the senior class building.

The reason why I couldn't find Amy as soon as I came to school is because the experiences of incarnation are floating beyond the curtain of consciousness. Among other things, she wanted to hide in her mouse hole if a scene in which she confessed her jealousy to Amy penetrated her like a surprise.

If I had tried to talk right after the incident, there wouldn't have been this awkwardness, but the situation was not good. After collapsing in her wagon, Shirone was escorted to her home, and Amy returned to school, preparing for her graduation exams, without giving her time to rest.

'Ha, that's a big deal. How can I see Amy's face?'

Shirone shook his head and brushed his thoughts away.

Amy followed up to Kazura ahead of an important exam. If it wasn't for her, she wouldn't have been able to go to magic school as she is today with her sane mind.

'Okay, let's not think about anything for a while. Amy's passing is the priority.'

The day when she, who entered school at the age of 12, will bear fruit for six years is approaching. Currently, her graduating class rank is 4th. It was a tremendous growth to see her achievement in half a year.

'Am I going to be unable to keep my promise? Well, it doesn't matter.'

It was Shirone who promised to catch up with Amy. However, she also reached her higher rank through tireless efforts. If I graduate, I will gladly admit defeat.

After passing through the steel gate, the symbol of the graduating class, I saw some seniors walking in a flower bed.

No one looked at Shirone. no today All they could think about was tomorrow.

There were seniors who focused on mental unification, and there were seniors who thought it would be better to relax. They were a group of people huddled around a campfire and talking.

There were many familiar seniors, and Amy and Seriel were also among them.

"Oh my, isn't that Shirone over there?"

"what? Really?"

Shirone approached with a hard face. I never expected that Amy would be with other seniors.

"Hello... ... ."

Seriel ran over and hugged Shirone's face.

"Aww! It's Shirone! What's going on here? Are you here to cheer me on?"

Buried in Seriel's chest, Shirone's cheeks were burning.

But when she felt her body tremble, she realized it was no joke. She heard the sound of her heart beating fast.

'This is the senior year.'

Everyone here is a person who has dedicated their lives to becoming a wizard. And if you pass the exam tomorrow, you will become the wizard of your dreams.

Probability is 1 in 3.

When it was regarded as someone else's work, it was considered a fairly high probability. However, when I put it into the party, it was said that the remaining 20 people would have to compete again for another year.

When she thought of that, Seriel's heart wasn't ashamed either.

Shirone hugged her as hard as he could. Everyone worked hard. It is unthinkable that anyone would fall here.

But if possible... ... She hoped that she would pass her

"Work hard, senior. I will support you too."

"yes. Thank you, Shirone."

Only then did Shirone see Seriel's face. Fear and excitement coexisted.

Even the expression on his face, which looked like he was about to burst into tears, was sublime. Because she knows how hard she put in to get to where she is.

Shirone looked back at Amy.

Unlike Seriel, her face showed neither tension nor excitement. Everything is ready. It seemed that the six-year growth curve was perfectly aligned toward tomorrow.

So I felt good, and thank you. If she showed even the slightest sway, she would have been tormented by the guilt of taking her to Khazra.

"Amy, cheer up too. I will cheer for you tomorrow too."

"Yeah, thank you. I will do my best."

Currently, Amy's mind reminded me of a flowing river with the streams of thoughts integrated into one. There was no room for anything like Kazura's awkward situation to come to mind.

Shirone had a chat with the seniors. The student council president, Amira, was also present. When she was trapped in the space-time of the labyrinth, she was the one who instigated the student council to stage a sit-in, but now it was part of her memories.

"Finally, tomorrow is the end of this boring school life."

Most of them nodded at Amira's words. The day before her exam, she had no idea that she would fail.

However, Sanuel's expression was not good.

Shirone remembered the time when he came as Etella's demonstration assistant. A senior who surprised an advanced class student with an amazing ultrasound technique.

But even he failed the graduation exam last year, and this was his second challenge.

According to magic school statistics, the probability that a student who failed the first exam will pass the second exam is quite low, so it was natural for them to be nervous.

Amira comforted Sanuel.

"Don't worry too much, Sanuel. You worked hard. I failed miserably in the last graduation exam. There will be good results this time."

"okay, thanks. You will surely pass."

Since it is not possible to pass alone, it was at least a human part to be able to encourage one another among competitors.

"Howdy? Were you all gathered here?"

Famous seniors from the school walked by.

Richard of Alchemy. Electric Monster Licorn. Sona's Hercy.

And the one who led them was Ardino Fermi, the No. 1 in Class One.

Fermi, who sticks to a suit, was more suited to an accountant than a wizard. Come to think of it, I heard that the Ardino family is also a famous merchant family.

"What, why are your faces so hardened? don't be too nervous You know me taking the graduation exam for six years. ha ha ha!"

Fermi made a joke, but no one laughed.

The reason why he has not been able to graduate until now, who always takes first place in the graduating class, was the mystery of Alpheas Magic School. Some say that he is a broker who takes money and gives an advantage to the graduation exam, but nothing has been confirmed.

"Fermi, aren't you being too careless? If you act carefree like that, next year you will be taking the exam with your juniors."

"haha! You're just doing your best. These things are originally left to the heavens."

Fermi felt their gaze and turned his head. Amy was looking at him with a bold expression.

"Hwiyu, is our little lady in high spirits today? How are you, how are you?"

"It's the best. How about that one?"

"Me too... ... so so."

"I hope you take the test in the best condition. Because tomorrow is the day I graduate from magic school with first place."

"ha ha ha! I really can't stand you. Yeah, let's stick together properly. Because tomorrow is not a classmate, but a competitor."

As Fermi took the party away, those gathered at the bonfire looked at them warily. Skills are also skills, but since all of them are veterans who have taken the graduation exam at least four times, the difference in experience could not be ignored.

To change the mood, Amira spoke up.

"I went to the World Climate Organization last vacation. It was really cool. There are over a thousand professional wizards."

"Hey, it's so good over there. I heard that the head of the organization has more power than the king of a country?"

Weather is a powerful factor that controls human food, clothing and shelter, food production, and ecosystems. Therefore, if a climate wizard belonging to the red line does not pass the national examination, the use of magic itself is considered a crime. In addition, since there are no borders, an international agreement is needed, and the World Climate Organization is in charge of it.

"It's not necessarily the World Climate Organization, but it's a huge power. One of my relatives works at an astronomical observatory, and even high-ranking nobles are stuck."

"But you have to pass the state exam. I heard someone I know changed his major after failing to pass the exam for 10 years."

Amira said energetically.

"Whoops! So I'm taking on the challenge. High risk high return is my motto. If you pass, you can challenge the highest place you can climb as a wizard."

"Well, you can do it. If you get a seat later, be sure to contact me? haha!"

Since Amira served as the student body president, she was naturally reminded of the image of the head of the World Climate Organization.

If you go out into society later and realize how great the gap between the two positions is, you will be ashamed of today's remarks and will not be able to bear it, but what is the big deal? It is a dream because someone ends up achieving it.

Starting with Amira, each of them revealed their aspirations.

At first, Seriel's dream was to get a job at a public health center and live a normal life, but now she has changed her mind and wants to develop vaccine magic at the World Health Organization. His theory was that when the vaccine magic was activated, the unit price of medicines would decrease.

Amy still had a goal of becoming a soldier, but after going to Kazura this time, she had a new sense of calling.

Hearing her words, Shirone thought of Jion. When he heard that he had threatened Amy with a plan to go to war with Tormia, his blood boiled to the point that he wanted to enlist in her army.

Sanuel was thinking of double majoring. He said that the language is important, but he is going to study abroad to learn mental magic.

"Sigh! It's all a tough life. Yes, let's try hard! Tomorrow we all become wizards!"

"Good!"

Seeing the seniors taking the first steps toward their dreams, Shirone's heart was filled with excitement.

I sincerely hope that everyone here will pass.



* * *



The morning was bright.

The Colosseum, where the graduation exam was held, was crowded with people.

Although it is not compulsory, all students applied for a viewing, and most of the parents of seniors also visited the school. Scouts from magic associations in each country and even a correspondent who came to cover the story arrived.

Shirone did not realize that the people he had seen in the newspapers passed by casually. He seemed to be taking a political board rather than a magic school exam.

"That's really great, graduation exam."

Iruki said indifferently.

"It is like this every year. Because it's very extreme. Please, I hope my dad doesn't come."

"Shirone, that person over there. Isn't that Amy's father?"

Karmis Shakora and his wife Isis stood arm in arm in front of the Colosseum.

=======================================
[317] 1/3 (3)





Although he retired from active service, the influence of the first-class nobility was powerful. Maybe that's why many parents approached him and asked to say hello.

Shirone took her friends and approached Shakora. And he took advantage of the absence of other nobles to raise his greetings.

"hello."

"Yes, Shirone. How have you been?"

"Yes, thanks."

Isis approached, crying.

"Shirone, how is our Amy? huh? Do you think you can pass?"

"How could Shirone know that? Don't hold on to the child, stay calm."

Shakora's scolding caused Isis' lower lip to protrude.

"haha! it's okay I met him yesterday and he seems to be in good shape."

"Hmm, that's good."

A look of relief crossed Shakora's face. Her daughter's love for her father, he seemed to be quite nervous even if he pretended not to. Even the first-class aristocrats seemed to be just parents in front of their children.

Iruki and Nade, who were standing behind Shirone, also bowed. Especially when he heard the surname Mercodyne, Shakora showed interest.

"Yes, you are Iruki. How is your father?"

"Yes. what... ... It still exists."

It was an arrogant thing to say in a place like this, but Shakora just laughed.

To be honest, Iruki was on the gentle side. He compares to his father, who is at the peak of eccentricity.

"Shirone, when are you going to come home with your friends?"

"Yes. I will definitely do that."

After greeting Shakora and Isis, they headed for the entrance to the parents. Shirone also entered the Colosseum through the student-only door.

My juniors and classmates looked at me kindly, but I wasn't particularly lonely. It was because the children who were not interested in things like status, who were crazy about magic, gathered around Shirone one by one. After all, shouldn't the level be right to give a spectator review?

Led by Dante, Closer and Sabina walked. On the other side, I saw Canis and Arin, followed by Boyle and Pandora. Finally, Mark, who clearly knows how to use his senior's connections, proudly stormed into the honorary table with Maria.

Excluding Mark and Maria, the final 10 who are sure to be the next graduating class gathered together. Perhaps he couldn't drop one of them and make it to his senior year, so his classmates frowned at the mere presence of them.

Dante asked, raising the corner of his mouth.

"How is it, how does it feel to let your lover go to the battlefield?"

Shirone looked down at the arena.

"Well. I'm not sure yet. What do you think?"

Then Dante turned to the stadium and said.

"I think there are some level differences between the participants. If you look at objective ability alone, it's enough to be in the top 10. But as much as that, the variable will work greatly depending on what the test subject is. Contingency usually arises from the asymmetry of power."

Since Dante majored in information processing, even Shirone could not raise an objection.

As the two talked, Sabina raised her hand to Nade.

"hi?"

"Uh, hello."

Nade replied politely, as his friendship was not deep enough to greet them separately.

Sabina stood there for a long time, as if waiting for something else to be said, then sullenly sat down next to Dante when Nade wasn't even interested. She heard Pandora's snort.

"Seniors, let's begin."

Thirty students participating in the graduation exam stood in a line in the center of the Colosseum. All were wearing two thousand bracelets.

However, the audience did not have any problems watching even if they were not wearing bracelets. The place where the graduation exam is held is designed with the highest grade of 2,000 according to national regulations. The entire Colosseum was like a huge image zone.

Arin put her hands together and prayed for Amy to pass. Kanis frowned and said.

"Does that help? Anyone can become a wizard if they think they will pass the prayer. Besides, you don't even believe in God, do you?"

"tooth! I mean, I'm still nervous. Doesn't Canis want Amy to pass?"

"What does it matter who passes? It's not even my test."

Arin glared at Canis with a sad heart. But his menarche was never indifferent. Amy caught sight of Kanis, who was looking at the stadium with his chin on his chin. Watching her burn in her presence, she gently raised the corners of her mouth.

'Try hard, Pumpkin.'

The teachers were seated around Alpheas and Olivia, the parents on the left, and the scouts and correspondents on the right.

After Alpheas' opening speech, Olivia explained the test evaluation items.

The test is divided into 1st and 2nd, and 2 out of 6 items are selected by roulette. Because you don't know which one will take, students have no choice but to train all the items evenly.

It was a rule made to match the fairness with non-combat wizards, and it was the Magic Association's consideration to give a little more weight to re-takers.

The pre-event ended with the students swearing to engage in fair competition.

As 30 participants stood in a circle along the walls of the Colosseum, Sade, who was in charge of hosting, shouted from the podium.

"From now on, we will start the Alpheas Magic School Graduation Exam!"

A huge circular hologram appeared in the sky of the Colosseum. The six items were divided in exact proportions, and the central indicator began to rotate at high speed.

The participants clenched their fists and performed a sequence ceremony.

The moment the pointer system stops, 2,000 times are activated. You will have to move at the same time as you judge.

Finally, the pointer system pointed to the items of the first test.

"Wowaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

People's shouts filled the Colosseum.



* * *



The night has come.

People rushed out of the exit of the Colosseum. All of them were familiar faces. No one said anything until Shirone and the others came out.

At the exit of the Colosseum, Nade looked back at Shirone.

"What are you going to do, Shirone? Iruki and I are hungry, so I think we should eat something."

"yes. go in first I'll go with Amy."

"Okay then. I'll see you tomorrow."

After sending her friends away, Shirone blew white breath and melted her cold inside. As the light came in from the side of the Colosseum, she turned around. The names of the successful applicants appeared on the screen. from 1st to 10th. A total of 10 students became wizards and left the world.



 #1 Olt Amira

 2nd Ludwig Aconnell

 3rd Connie Cale

 4th Tanto Selena.

 #5 Eakins Sanuel

 #6 Aretha Defoe

 7th Fortress Seriel

 #8 Lara Coril

 9th Andres Raul

 Rickston who turned 10th



There was no Amy's name.

She was the third to drop out as soon as the first test started.

The first evaluation item was combat power measurement. As it was advantageous to the battle mage, the students intensively checked Amy. No, it was no exaggeration to say that it was a unilateral lynching. Before Seriel had time to use her hand, her mental strength gauge hit zero.

It was a result that broke the expert's analysis, but this was also a variable in the graduation exam. She must have expected Amy as well, and she must have prepared thoroughly as much as she did.

That's why it was embarrassing.

Collusion can be understood as a natural process during combat. This is because when the power of either side increases, the weak have no choice but to unite. But is it an illusion to feel that the strong are in collusion?

It was a melee at first. Amy wasn't the only person who wanted combat magic, and there were 30 people, so the firepower had no choice but to be dispersed.

However, as Fermi and his party began to act, the charter turned sharply.

They only hit Amy. And while dodging all the students' attacks.

If it lasts like that for about a minute, even the students who didn't know at first will realize that things will become easier if they join Fermi's party.

In the end, everyone except Seriel attacked Amy, and even the world's Amy couldn't stand it in such a situation. It was an impossible tactic unless the combat power of Fermi and his party was superior to the combined combat power of all other participants.

Can we really call this a natural collusion?

What's really odd is that none of Fermi's crew passed the test. Rather, when he clashed with Sanuel, he even felt like he was losing on purpose.

'Sanuel.'

Most of the students felt it, but in the first exam, there were several situations in which Fermi and the others pushed Sanuel. However, the feeling was so subtle that it was difficult to judge.

Graduation exam desperately? There were too many oddities to be dismissed as such. Most of all, I felt uncomfortable that at the center of all the suspicions was Fermi, who had never missed first place in six years.

'It may be an illusion. There is no guarantee that such cases will not occur on the battlefield. No, even if it wasn't an illusion, would anything change?'

Simply put, in terms of combat power, the side with the strongest combat power just won. Even if it is the result of artificial collusion, it cannot be another criterion for evaluating items.

'I don't know if I personally received the price.'

It is possible that there was some kind of agreement between Fermi and Sanuel.

However, Shirone hurriedly erased her thoughts. If not, he would be doing a great disservice to Sanuel. Besides, if that had happened, the teaching staff would have already launched an investigation.

'Yes, no matter how much I think about it, it's not something I can do.'

For now, Amy was just worried.

Since he was eliminated early, his mental strength should have already recovered. But when she had to watch her test in her waiting room for a long time, her heart skipped a beat when she thought about her feelings.

Amy's parents came out of the parent-only exit. Shirone, not knowing what expression to make, she approached them.

"Shirone... ... ."

Isis greeted Shirone with moist eyes. Isis, as well as Shakora the Red-Eye, were famous dancers, so there was no way they could not fail to notice the strangeness of the battle situation.

"Shirone, how could this be? Amy is missing It's like... ... ."

"You, be careful what you say. How will Amy feel when she hears that?"

Shakora cracked down on his wife.

Even he thought there was something suspicious about it. But he wasn't strange enough to go beyond the norm.

Except for the fact that everyone in Fermi's party was eliminated, the flow of the battlefield was rational and rational. Also, since the second test was a non-combat item, it could not be argued that Fermi's party's dropout was unnatural.

Shirone swallowed a dry saliva as he watched those who failed the test escape. When she saw Amy coming out of the middle group, her mind went blank.

Amy took one look at Shirone and approached her parents. She then smiled and stuck out her tongue.

"Hehe, Dad, Mom. sorry. It fell off nicely."

"It's a test, so I can't help it. you did your best So don't be too heartbroken."

"What is heartache? Alas, I think I misjudged. What should I promise for next year?"

Shirone was relieved by Amy's bright appearance, but at the same time worried.

I can't feel normal. It is to count the hearts of the family first.

This time, the passers-by got out. Seriel approached Amy with tears in her eyes.

"Amy, Amy... ... ."

Amy was genuinely happy that her friend had passed.

How could it not be? Today, Seriel graduated from magic school and took her first steps as a wizard.

"Congratulations, Seriel. Do my best to do my part. I will follow soon."

Seriel shook her head.

Why is it you and not Amy? Whoever saw it, the successful candidate had to be Amy.

I should have noticed that sooner. If Fermi's party had lynched her, if she had quickly sided with Amy, the tide of the battle might have been different.

"Amy... ... I... ... ."

Amy grabbed Seriel's shoulder.

"Ceriel, calm down. you passed the exam Do you see what I mean? You took your graduation exam, and I took my graduation exam. and that you passed Nothing else matters."

Seriel struggled to swallow her tears.

You shouldn't cry. She wondered how could she herself cry if Amy wasn't crying?

=======================================
[318] 1/3 (4)





"Sorry. But too broken. I know it's bad for me, who passed, to tell you this, but... ... ."

"It's fine. I would have felt the same way too. It's not just this exam. I'm really sorry. And I don't think I can go to the party."

It was a tradition of the school to hold a graduation party after the graduation exam was over. Anyone can attend, but there has never been a dropout. It is because there is no need to make the feeling of the successful applicants heavy by revealing their appearance.

"What is the use of such a party now? I'm not going either!"

Amy looked at Seriel with loving eyes. Although she herself was eliminated early, she was proud of her friend who fought to the end despite the turbulent flow and achieved her dream.

"Promise me, Seriel. I'm going to the party. If you can't enjoy this moment, I won't be happy even if I pass next year. I don't want to take away the once-in-a-lifetime pleasure. Smile confidently for me."

Seriel pursed her lips and nodded.

It was the most important thing for Amy who had to fight for another year. A little bit of self-doubt could be conceded for her friend.

"okay. I won't think about anything. I'm really going to play until I die and enjoy passing. So you must pass."

"Okay, that's it. Thanks, Seriel."

The teacher shouted from the other side of the darkness.

"Gather all successful candidates now! There will be a briefing session! hurry! There is no time!"

It will be after the sun rises tomorrow morning that the acceptance will be felt as a reality. Besides, late at night, the graduation party would be busy, so there was no time to dispose of the briefing session as now.

"Come on. See you at graduation."

"okay. You go in and get some rest."

Before leaving, Seriel looked back at Shirone.

He knew Amy was consciously avoiding eye contact with Shirone. That's why it was Shirone who could take care of her until the end.

Shirone nodded as if not to worry. Only then did Seriel, relieved, say hello to Amy's parents and run to the place where the successful applicants gathered.

Amy looked at her friend's distant figure with satisfaction, then let out a deep breath.

"Ugh, I'm tired. Now mom and dad go too quickly."

"Is that okay? Would you like to go out instead? Mom will tell the school."

"Ugh, that's okay. I'm not the only one who got eliminated, why are you making such a fuss? It's vacation soon anyway, so you can watch it at home."

Shakora said, understanding her daughter's feelings.

"Then we won't go back. I will send a carriage on graduation day, so take a good rest today."

"okay. Dad goes in carefully."

Isis turned first. He could no longer hold back the tears he had been holding back.

Shakora, who was following his wife, turned to Shirone.

"Shirone."

"Yes. Don't worry, go in."

Shakora thanked her with her eyes and walked away. In this situation, her parents' comfort won't help at all. It was fortunate that Shirone was by her side.

Left alone with Amy, Shirone didn't say anything. He will answer you if you ask him anything. But if he was silent, he intended to keep that silence.

"iced coffee! I'm going crazy! You fell off again!"

"Damn it! No luck! How many alternative graduation exams do you take!"

A silhouette with a bad gait emerged from the Colosseum. Shirone could tell that it was Fermi's group just by hearing her voice.

Finding Amy, Fermi turned and approached. Even though he had failed the exam seven times in total, there was no sign of disappointment.

"Oh, it's so awkward seeing the dropouts meet again. Don't be too heartbroken, little girl. What is life like? Same for me. how is it? Join us today... ... ."

Shirone moved aside to block Fermi's way. When the cold eyes reached him, Fermi scratched his head and trembled.

"You have a face I want to hit. But look at me today. I'm dying because of that little girl. It's always like this when the top ranks fight in the beginning. My life has been messed up too."

Fermi set up a barrier in advance and watched Shirone's reaction. However, no words came out of Shirone's mouth.

Then Fermi turned to Amy again.

"haha! Anyway, Amy, what should I do... ... ."

Shirone interrupted Fermi again.

This time, even Fermi did not stand still. It was only for a moment, but her eyes grew cold and she looked down at Shirone with high pressure.

Shirone calmly let go of even those eyes. No matter what she says, she will only hurt Amy. I hoped he wouldn't come close to Amy.

"A lover is a good thing. yeah what... ... I want you two to have a good time."

Fermi turned and walked away without regret. Joining the group, he shrugged his shoulders and shouted as if the world was about to leave.

"let's go! Let's have a drink, you pitiful lives!"

"Puhahaha! yes! Let's drink to death today!"

Shirone looked back at Amy. He turned his body and looked into the distance, as if he hadn't been interested in the first place.

"Let's go, Amy. I will look forward to it."

"... ... yes."

A heavy silence fell between the two of them as they headed to the senior dormitory.

Amy, who had been walking while staring at the ground, looked back at Shirone with a frown.

"Whoa, I really can't eat it. Hey!"

"yes?"

"Why are you so downhearted? So it's getting weird to me too. If you have something to say, say it, what are you so dissatisfied with?"

"But I have nothing to say."

"That's right. I just failed the graduation exam. It's not that I've fallen from the world, and even if I've fallen, it doesn't mean my life is over. But why are you holding the mood like that?"

When Amy said that, Shirone gained courage too.

"haha! It doesn't. Anyway, did I get another chance?"

"Hey, you better think thanks. I will never make a mistake like this in the future."

"One mistake is the foundation for progress, two mistakes is a family shame?"

"of course. And tell it to your stupid friends. Next year's graduating class will be incredibly bloody. You have to kill your spirit from the very beginning."

Shirone heard Amy's words like this. Please tell me I'm sorry to disappoint you.

But she won't have anything to worry about. Nade and Iruki were sure that Amy would make a comeback.

The two returned to their usual selves and talked about this and that until they arrived at the dormitory. Even though I failed the exam, I felt relieved that the tension accumulated over the year had disappeared.

"Ah, I am tired. I need to go quickly and wash up and go to bed."

"Okay, don't think about anything today and rest."

"yes. see you tomorrow too Thank you for looking forward to it."

After saying goodbye to Shirone with a tired face, Amy entered the dormitory. The air in the hallway was quite different from morning. I even felt a chill somewhere.

As soon as Amy entered the room and closed the door, she let out a sigh. No matter how tired she was, she had to wash because she was sweating profusely.

However, her steps toward the shower room eventually stopped. Transparent tears flowed from her eyes.

"Black! Whoa... ... !"

I was upset.

I was so angry that I was about to die.

why me? Only one-third pass, but 10 people I studied with have become wizards now, so why am I not the only one?

I was in the best condition, but why am I still at school? Why do I have to go through this hellish year again?

Amy collapsed on the bed, clutching at the blanket. She couldn't stop her face from turning into a tear.

"Ahhh... ... Aaaaaang!"

Shirone removed her hand from the doorknob and leaned her back against the wall. It seemed that she would no longer be able to meet her today.

"Ahh... ... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa... ... ."

Amy's cries were suffocating.

"... ... ."

However, Shirone just stood there for a long time, looking up at the ceiling with deep eyes.



* * *



Even after the lights-out time had passed, the lights in Alpheas's outbuilding were still on. Angry Olivia's voice leaked out the window.

"Does this make sense? How did you manage the students?"

Olivia, who supervised the Alpheas Magic School's graduation exam for the first time, was shocked. And as soon as the exams were over, she sifted through the archives of her students' profiles.

"These kids here!"

Olivia shook the personal statement and threw it on the table with Alpheas.

The sticky paper spread left and right, revealing the names of several students.

It was the Fermi gang.

Alpheas looked at the profile for a moment, then opened his mouth as if he was not interested.

"calm down. The test is already over. It cannot be reversed, and there is no reason to reverse it."

"Why is there no reason? Did the participants collude?"

"Collusion is also part of the tactic. Situational judgment is also an important factor in battle."

"Who doesn't know that? The problem is that it is a collusion separate from the tactical flow. They said they had already split sides before taking the exam. why the hell What do you gain from doing that?"

Alpheas couldn't answer that either. It had happened every year since Fermi entered his senior year.

Dropping a specific target in the battle royale method is not particularly advantageous. What is strangest of all is that in the end even they drop out.

"Graduation exams are not just a school problem. It is a test to obtain a national qualification. It's also a tactical flow. It is not possible to change the criteria for acceptance based solely on the individual teacher's judgment."

Olivia snorted.

"Do you think my eyes are rotten eyes? Fermi didn't show half of his skills in this test. He's already more than a pro. Does it make sense that a kid who could graduate right away even if she was brought to the Royal School of Witchcraft and Wizardry hasn't been accepted for six years?"

"What then? Should we just graduate Fermi? Then why on earth do we need a graduation exam? That way will only cause a backlash from the students taking part in the exam."

Olivia walked around the room in frustration and sat down on the sofa.

"I don't understand. Why the hell aren't you graduating? What's good about staying at school?"

"I have asked you before. They said that this place makes money."

Olivia's upper body jumped up.

"That's a diploma broker, right? If you get paid and let them graduate, it won't end with school-level discipline. You are committing a crime against the state."

"I did a background check, but there was nothing. I didn't get a dime."

Olivia rested her chin and thought.

If there was no record of being lobbied, he would be innocent, but if you think about it based on your feelings, it also meant that there was something else.

"Fermi is... ... Are you a regular eater?"

Alpheas nodded.

"maybe. I don't know how they make money, but if it's eating out, I can't dig it up. Unless Fermi casts it. But I haven't seen one in all seven graduation exams."

"Then shouldn't we start there? It's the same whether you get money or use magic to get paid. I'm saying this because no one is there, but to be honest, Sanuel's movements weren't good today. But he passed. Originally, Amy should have been there."

"I had a similar thought. But since no one is there, that's all I can say. Impossible without hard evidence. What if the investigation was initiated, but not? Is there any aristocrat who can stand still when his son is accused of being a criminal?"

Olivia leaned back on the sofa and cooled her hot head with the palm of her hand.

"So what are you going to do? Do you have any ideas?"

"doesn't exist. Like every year, the graduation exam was taken, and those who pass will become wizards. Whether there is a lobby or not, that doesn't change."

"But I can't say I measured my skills accurately."

"Is it really so?"

Olivia raised one eyebrow.

"What are you talking about?"

=======================================
[319] 1/3 (5)





"It is illegal to help someone for a fee. But the situation itself is the same. What if Fermi was just helping someone out of the mood? Would that even be considered unfair?"

Olivia couldn't answer.

"Graduation test subjects are ranked from 1st to 30th. However, the gap between students is not constant every year. In some years, the level is similar, but in other years, comprehension talent appears and sweeps it alone. There is nothing to think differently about Fermi."

"Even so, there is a problem with intentionally dropping out. It goes against the purpose of the graduation exam."

Alpheas shook his head.

"Think of Shirone in Class Four. I'll probably be moving up to my senior year next year. If Shirone goes pro right now, what level do you think he will be?"

Olivia put a finger to her lips and thought.

"Hmm, if it is limited to combat ability, wouldn't it be enough to rub up to level 8? In fact, everyone below 6th grade is there. They are tossing and turning with each other."

"We can say that because we look down from above. For students, even a 10th level wizard is an incredibly high wall. And that's natural. However, students who transcend the student level are bound to be everywhere. You can't talk about fairness just because there are a few such children."

"That's it, but... ... ."

"In terms of the level of difficulty of the competition, next year's senior year is much tougher. It's no exaggeration to say that the squad of kids going up to the graduating class next semester is the strongest ever. But will they be dissatisfied because the competition is tougher than in other years?"

"But those kids aren't going to drop out on purpose."

"That's something you don't know. I'm not saying that you drop out on purpose, it's just that it's difficult to set clear standards for things like this. Whether there is a lobby or not, the free competition system does not change."

Olivia groaned and groaned on her chin.

At present, no means were in place to overthrow Fermi's dictatorship. What on earth is a wizard with professional-level skills, and even a questionable eating out of the rules, thinking of doing something like this?

"In the end, there is no way to save Amy. It's unfortunate."

"Are you sure that Amy could have passed 100 percent if there had been no collusion?"

Olivia's eyes glazed over at Alpheas' induction paper.

"In terms of talent alone, that's what I mean."

"The crimson eyes of Karmis are recognized even on the continent. Whatever you teach me, I absorb it like a sponge. Shall I say an all-round beauty? Of course, she is also beautiful in real life."

Olivia shed Alpheas with cold eyes. But she wasn't particularly wrong, so she put her chin on her chin and let out her snort.

"... ... Too pretty is also a mask."

"He's the kid I've been watching since I was twelve. You will be able to overcome it."

The two turned their heads out the window. The school, where numerous incidents took place over the course of a year, was sleeping as quietly as the stage after the performance.

That's how the first year of magic school came to an end.

Ephemeral Rift (1)



Heaven's sixth thousand jebul.

There are two mecha systems in the city of angels, Jebul.

One was Ingris, where the Akashic Records were located, and the other was the Great World War, the laboratory of Archangel Kariel.

The Great World War, which had been devastated by Shirone's Photon Cannon, had been completely restored.

The massive pillar-shaped central control system was the tallest structure in World War II. Next to the pillars emitting five-color light, a galactic mirror that observed the movement of stars was running smoothly.

The World War has returned to its former form. But heaven wasn't like that.

After Shirone left, the wind of change blew in the first thousand Sharmaines. The subjects no longer thought only that Ilhwa's sake was right, and even radicals appeared among them.

The more so, the angels mobilized all their abilities to break through the time and space of the maze.

At the vanguard of that was the archangel Kariel.

An archangel of birth who tried to cast the art of life on Amy, Tess, and Arin, who were captured by the fallen angel Ikasa.

The most intelligent of the angels, he analyzed the meta gate that Shirone had left behind while returning to the original world.

And finally, I found the coordinates to the country of the land. However, he had to break through the labyrinth's space-time to get there.

"Even if you know the coordinates, you have no choice but to drill. But this is really ambiguous."

"Then, isn't there any point in recovering the coordinates?"

Kariel turned around at the majestic voice.

Realizing the identity of the voice, he smiled. Another archangel, Uriel, was floating in the air wearing heavy white gloves.

Angels are taller than humans, but Uriel was the tallest among the angels, reaching 3 meters. It was as thick as it was tall, so that the breastplate reached the tip of the chin.

Kariel climbed to the top of the central computing system with one flap of her wings of light. A large screen was installed at a height of 40 meters, and countless figures were moving around.

"Not necessarily. Now, even in the terrestrial kingdom, the population of the Nephilim is considerable. Even if you destroy the space-time of the labyrinth, you should be able to hit the firewall. But if you have the coordinates, you can ignore it."

"Creating the space-time of the labyrinth? Wasn't that strategy dismissed long ago?"

Ankera was the only one who could reject the archangel's proposal. In fact, Anke Ra forbade the act of investigating the land country after the final war was blocked by the labyrinth.

The archangels did not know why, but they could not disobey the will of Ankera, who is in charge of the Akashic Records.

But Kariel did not give up.

The decisive factor was the appearance of Shirone. His presence changed his subjects. And that change was amplifying rapidly over time.

"I have no intention of going against Ra's will either. It's a precautionary measure, so to speak. The kingdom of the earth will one day have to be conquered. It might be too late to go and make things at that time, right?"

"then... ... This experiment is also unconvincing."

Kariel raised one corner of her mouth.

There has never been a time when I was not sure. However, whenever I tried, Miro reacted swiftly and blocked it. Now it felt like I was playing her game with her behind her back.

But for today, she will have no choice but to give up.

The space-time of the maze is pierced. Ankera doesn't want to, but... ... What can I do? That too was just fate.

Kariel flew through the Milky Way to the western wall. Uriel watched for a moment, then he caught up with him in an instant, raising a fearsome gale.

"Now, this is my work to introduce today."

"... ... ."

Uriel was unable to comment.

Kariel's masterpiece was huge enough to occupy a quarter of the huge world war. It was a rectangular wall 40 meters wide and 70 meters high.

Uriel's size, which had looked like the second coming of a kidney just a moment ago, suddenly felt shabby in front of the wall.

"It's quite big."

When Uriel acknowledged it, Kariel became even more elated.

"I've been thinking about why we can't break through the labyrinth's space-time. It's because the dimensional wall is a property that can't be broken in the first place. But with this cloth width, it is possible. It's the same as breaking liquid if you freeze it. It's a direct hit to the space-time of the labyrinth."

"It's a direct hit. In short, is this cloth width the space-time of a maze?"

If you go into specifics, it's quite wrong, but simply thinking about it, it's a right opinion.

Well, what about anyone? I called Uriel today because I needed his arms, not his head.

"If the cloth width is broken, the maze's space-time will also be broken. I wanted to add an amplification circuit, but it's impossible without Ikael's help."

Uriel avoided replying.

Ikael won't help. It is also true that she was imprisoned for committing an irreparable crime, but the incident Shirone committed made it even more certain that she was siding with her humans.

Kariel tapped the cloth and said.

"How about a challenge?"

Uriel wondered if he should destroy it.

It is said that if the ceiling is broken, the space-time of the maze will also be broken. And it was against Ankera's will.

'No, no one can go against Ra's will. Not because he is strong, but because he is whole.'

No matter what future comes, Ra is just Ra. Kariel knew that, so she must have been doing something reckless.

Uriel decided to be honest. Wasn't it Ikael, not Ra, that bothered me from the start?

'why... ... Has Ikael abandoned us?'

Angels have been in charge of conveying and destroying the will of the gods to the kingdoms of the earth since ancient times. Among them, Uriel was an archangel who did a great job in destroying them. His power overturned the earth and split the sea in two.

However, when Uriel, who blindly slaughtered humans, heard rumors that Ikael might have sided with humans, he began to ask himself if he was right.

Ikael is always right.

No, it's not a matter of right or wrong. Even if it's not right for her, I want to follow her. If it is the nature given to you, you will do your best even if it is wrong.

Perhaps Kariel had been with that thought all her life.

Angels do not have the concept of a mother. But if I had to name someone as my mother, it was Ikael. An archangel among archangels who has taken care of them since they were born.

Uriel slightly turned his head to look at Kariel. Seeing his innocent smile reminded me of something a long time ago.

At that time, Kariel's personality was not like this. She is still smirking and perverted, but obsessed with a purpose, she did not create anything. When I created a fun and whimsical object and gave it to Ikael, she laughed happily and petted Kariel.

"Kariel, if it's me, I can destroy it. I bet you know. Do you really want that?"

"haha! Because this time it won't be easy. No, to be honest, we have to destroy it. I want to destroy the kingdom of the earth as soon as possible. If we destroy the space-time of the labyrinth, today will be the day."

"Why are you in such a hurry? He hasn't said anything yet. Ymir still hasn't woken up. Does she really need to do this?"

Kariel looked at the outside of the fire. The riot that occurred in the first thousand Sharmain spread to the second thousand Rakia, and the battle between the subjects and the fallen angels was in full swing.

"Shirone has changed Heaven. And this is just the beginning. We must break through the labyrinth of space-time as soon as possible and get rid of the humans on the ground."

It's not that I don't understand Kariel's worries.

However, it didn't make sense for the Archangel, who had destroyed so many land countries, to be impatient with the riots of his subjects.

"Do you think Ikael will return if we destroy humans?"

Kariel's face suddenly hardened.

"... ... What does that mean?"

"Ikael's sins have already been erased. that the event itself does not exist. In return, the guffin also disappeared. Isn't this enough for her to forgive her, at least for the two of us?"

Kariel's planetary body expanded at a terrifying speed.

As the halo of over 40 meters in diameter unfolded, the mecha system of the Great World War sounded an emergency warning. It seemed to represent Kariel's current state of mind.

"Can the guilt be erased? Then what are these dirty memories that remain with us? I don't even care about guffins! Ichael is just disgusting! Never say that out of your mouth again!"

"Are you really going to fight her? Kariel, ask again. I'm asking if she really wants to fight her."

Kariel gave the impression that sadness and anger coexisted.

"You gave birth to a human child!"

Halo sent a water wave like a wave. As the mecha system repeatedly turned on and off, the Great World War flickered.

=======================================
[320] Ephemeral Rift (2)





Kariel had a ferocious expression uncharacteristic of an archangel. As if she had been insulted intolerably, her pupils flashed with her murderous intent.

"How could the chief of the archangels do that! As a human being, what is the difference between mating with a dog! But do you want me to forgive you? can you?"

Uriel couldn't answer.

In a sense, Kariel was like her own twin. Twins who were born with the source knowledge of the first Archangel Ikael.

However, their personalities were as different as the original concepts they were given. And above all, Kariel... ... He really loved Ichael.

Kariel returned the halo to the celestial body. But as if she already had her heart broken, she turned coldly.

"If you don't want to help, go back. I will definitely break through the space-time of the labyrinth. I will destroy all arrogant and arrogant humans who have defied God's will!"

'... ... To be timid.'

Uriel looked at his back with pity.

The wings of light, the symbol of the archangel, spread out splendidly, but in a sense, he had a corner that resembled a human.

like Ichael.

'I'm sorry, Ikael. But we, no, Kariel, still need you.'

Uriel said, putting his hand on Kariel's shoulder.

"I get it. I made a mistake. don't join me in what you're about to do So, is it okay if I smash this cloth or something?"

Kariel pretended not to win and quietly turned around. But she soon regained her bright expression and gave her explanation.

"yes. But it really won't be easy. No matter how much you do, you'll have to use your best strength to break it. Because it gave birth to a material much harder than the hardest material in the world."

Nodding his head, Uriel passed Kariel and approached with a thunderbolt.

Upon reaching close range, all I could see was a black barrier. Looking at the molecular structure, it was not a substance that came out through heat and pressure. maybe an explosion. This certainly won't be easy.

"You must remember, Kariel. It's been a very long time."

Uriel changed the asteroid into a halo.

When information was accumulated in a halo with a diameter of 4 meters, a club made of light was born beside him. It was 4 meters long, but the pole was only 1 meter long, and the triangular cones at each end filled up the remaining length. It was a heavenly sword called the Geon of Paradise.

"There is nothing you have made that I have not destroyed."

When Uriel applied force while taking a horseback stance, the Gondola of Paradise rotated rapidly, creating an afterimage similar to that of a wheel. As the rotational speed exceeded Mach, the air made a grinding sound like iron.

The Law of Destruction of Paradise - Cheon Bo-ryun.

(Cheondo Eunha-ryun has been modified to Cheonbo-ryun ^^;)

"Oohhh!"

Archangel Uriel is an angel of destruction. He has a symmetrical source concept with Kariel, the angel of birth.

In the beginning, the world was born as an amplification of something. Then, as birth and destruction interlocked, all things were created.

Kariel constantly builds things and Uriel destroys them. It was the fate of the two brothers who were born from the amplifying archangel Ikael.

"Goaaaaaa!"

As Uriel twisted his upper body and crossed his arms, Cheonbo-ryun, which had grown to 10 meters in diameter, moved along his forearm. Then, bouncing her body and swinging her fist, a powerful wheel of light flew and struck her cloth.

Woo woo woo woo!

A huge echo filled the Great World War.

However, Cheonpok did not even move, and only the Geon of Paradise that bounced off flew until the end of the Great World War and returned.

"Sigh! Taha! Oooh!"

Uriel continued to collide the Cheonbo-Ryun, which did not stop spinning, into the Cheonpok.

Kariel, who knew that power better than anyone else, frowned whenever a blow was struck.

'Tsk tsk, being ignorant... ... .'

After trying dozens of attacks, Uriel didn't throw the returning Gon of Paradise again. He showed no sign of breaking no matter how hard he was hit.

"Hmm, this one is definitely quite good."

Kariel comforted him with a smile on his face.

"You don't have to push yourself too hard. Even this much impact on the space-time of the labyrinth would be enormous. It's a pity I didn't get to see the woman's face in her fright."

It was said to be nice to hear, but it only cheered up Uriel.

Uriel swung his wings forward and retreated far away. And he measured the distance for a moment, and he said.

"Stay away. It will be different this time."

Kariel shrugged up both hands as if to try her best and flew to the side of the ceiling.

"Whoa."

Uriel took a stance like a heavy infantryman about to charge and blew out a big breath.

As the tsunami expanded to a diameter of 20 meters, information of destruction began to accumulate. As golden sparks rose around the halo, the great world war trembled weakly.

Kariel also looked around her laboratory with a worried look, as if she didn't dare to joke this time.

"Oohhhhhh!"

Uriel rushed at the sky.

A 25-meter-diameter Cheonbo-ryun followed it and increased its rotation speed. The atmosphere of the great world war was sucked into the center of the wheel, and a gale raged.

Uriel swung her upper body with all her might in front of the 10-meter width of the sky.

Cheonbo-ryun flew in a curve and collided with Cheonpok. The afterimage of the disc disappeared for an instant, and the Gon of Paradise was buried on the surface in a clear form.

However, the inertia of rotation was completely contained in the Gon of Paradise. The huge cloth width shook violently, and white cracks began to grow on the black walls.

Aaaaaang!

A powerful explosion erupted, and the cloth was smashed.

Although he lost the bet this time, Kariel's face was filled with joy. It was the fate of the source concept for Uriel to destroy what he worked hard to create. However, Kariel only applied that fate to the constructive part.

Anyway, the important thing is that it was broken.

Also, according to his calculations, it was powerful enough to destroy the maze's space-time.



* * *



Construction of the labyrinth.

The maze built a temple in a meaningless space where the end could not be specified. It was an act of gathering huge emptiness and squeezing out a single meaning.

She exists because there is a temple, and based on her existence, she has built a huge barrier between Heaven and humanity.

Maze was lonely in the huge temple.

Sitting cross-legged and meditating, her biological clock had stopped long ago. In a new time and a new space, she inherited the fate of maintaining an endless dimensional wall.

'What are you decorating, Kariel?'

There have been attempts to circumvent the space-time of the labyrinth for a long time, but recently the approach has been blatant. I felt like I was being cornered.

If you attack from heaven, the labyrinth blocks it. So far, no problems. But now I had an ominous feeling that I was aiming for something.

'What are you thinking?'

A powerful shock struck the space-time of the labyrinth. Electromagnetic waves were generated, hardening the barriers of space-time. Miro's eyes flashed open.

Then came the second and third shocks.

As the space-time of the labyrinth shook, shockwaves of the same strength rushed into the labyrinth's mind.

'It's hitting space-time directly. Is it a new technology?'

Even if mankind has developed, it has not been able to catch up with the technology of heaven until now. If it were them, they would have found a way to break down the dimensional barrier with a non-magical mecha system.

Miro, who hurriedly knelt down, made a complicated hand sign. Then, he crossed his left hand with his index finger and thumb, and his right hand with his middle and ring fingers pressed together in the shape of a cross.

As the dimension was strengthened with scale magic, the walls of time and space began to thicken.

'This power... ... Is it Uriel?'

Miro's face was crumpled. A cold sweat broke out and the crossed arms began to tremble.

how much time has passed Suddenly the shock disappeared.

Breathing heavily, she fell to the floor. Even though she strengthened the dimensional walls, it seemed that she would not be able to last in this state. A new method was needed.

"Wow!"

As Cheon Bo-ryun struck Cheon-pok, an unprecedented shock wave rushed into the labyrinth's space-time.

Miro flew dozens of meters as soon as the impact came, as if he had been hit directly.

Even while sliding on the floor, she clenched her teeth and endured. Eyes trembled in confusion.

This blow caused a crack in the maze's space-time.

'It'll break through like this. No, it's already been pierced.'

Miro decided to use the last resort.

She sat cross-legged and raised her fists on her palms, gently closing her eyes. There is no time to judge. If there was a gap in the dimension for 10 more seconds, then the army of heaven would attack without any time to defend.

'Go into Samadhi.'

Once you enter samadhi, you cannot come out on your own. It's because it's a state of one mind that can't even think about anything.

As the only owner of space and time, she must be awake at all times, but now it was time to fall into a deep sleep.

Concentrate. Focus again on that concentration. After going through such a process endlessly, the ego faded and finally no thoughts came to mind. Only the inertia of descending into the abyss remained.

What he got in return was enormous mental energy. The rift disappeared as the dimensional walls became infinitely thicker. This time, even Uriel would never be able to break it.

The shaking of the temple subsided, but the labyrinth was as hard as a stone and did not even move.

Lost in infinite focus, she forgot her existence. And she would stay that way forever unless someone came to wake her up.



* * *



"How did it go?"

At the top of the central control system, Kariel and Uriel were analyzing the results of this experiment. Kariel was looking at the screen with an interesting expression.

A crack appeared in the maze's space-time. However, it was quickly restored without time to do anything in heaven. I could see how agile Miro's response was.

Most of all, the fact that the maze's time-space has been restored has made it incomparably stronger than before. The durability value transmitted through the screen was enough to make even the archangel Kariel realize what a thrill is.

"You are still getting stronger. What have you done? Is this really a figure that one human being can make?"

Uriel brought out a complicated result in a simple way.

"Has it failed?"

Kariel smiled bitterly.

"Still, there have been some results. About 3 seconds based on the country of the earth. If it was just three seconds later, it would have completely broken."

"Right."

Uriel didn't feel sorry for him. Actually, I don't know. She said maybe she was relieved.

"Chunpok's technology itself can be considered a success. However, I underestimated the maze too much. Certainly the Nephilim who represent the people of the land. How did you strengthen it? Now, I can't even get my teeth into it with a decent cloth width."

"Humans are strange. It looks infinitely weak, but it can also become infinitely strong. Guffin did. A maze is also a formidable human being. Maybe that's why Ra blocked access."

"Hmph, I'm only human after all."

Kariel did not recognize humans.

they are not clear It was chaos itself. That is why Ra was to control their lifespan in the name of eternal life.

"What are you going to do now? The strategy to destroy the dimensional wall has failed. It will be more difficult to attack in the future."

Kariel wasn't worried.

"It's a way, if you find it again, stop it. Rather, it is important that the space-time of the maze had cracks. Interesting things will happen in the future. This will be a good experiment."

Kariel pointed to the monitor. The process of the ceiling experiment was implemented as a 3D image.

A reference line was drawn at a specific point on the large sphere, and the durability value appeared as a number. Chun Bo-ryun's shock was applied, and cracks could be seen.

No creature, let alone the armies of Heaven, can pass through a rift of this size. However, it was a category of living things.

On the outskirts of heaven, there are all sorts of strange beings that cannot be defined by human standards. And at this moment, something that entered the country of the earth through the gap of the crack was caught.

"What the hell is that... ... ?"

Kariel couldn't answer.

However, it was not that his knowledge was lacking. However, it was because something that went to the land country existed in an 'unknown state'.



* * *



After the graduation ceremony at the magic school, Shirone returned home in a carriage sent by the Ogent family.

When I came back to think about it, it had already been a year since I entered school. It's a short time if it's short, but there were so many incidents.

=======================================
[321] Ephemeral Rift (3)





Shirone lay down on the bed and enjoyed the silence.

You can skip the performance evaluation because you will enter the senior class next semester. However, on the contrary, this vacation was the last time to brush up on basic skills. That's why Iruki and Ned also refused to play and went straight back to their families.

"I need to rest first."

Even after spitting it out, Shirone laughed as if it was absurd. But I really didn't want to do anything right now.

It was the first time I had ever done something like this, so I was embarrassed, but seeing that I was not impatient, it seemed that there was a reason.

"Come to think of it, I must have worked extremely hard."

Looking back on a year, I couldn't believe how I got through that process. It seems like just yesterday that you were in last place in Class 7, but aren't you already at the top of Class 4?

"I suffered as much as that."

All of the magic school students did their best, but Shirone especially had a lot of accidents.

Through life-and-death struggles, he became stronger. To be honest, I was confident that even if I entered the senior class, I would not be easily pushed back.

Shirone got up from bed and approached <Demon Sword Armand>. It was satisfying to see him standing on his own without any support.

There is a rated control, so there is no problem with carrying it. However, while attending school, there would be no reason to use that sword.

When Armand's scabbard was removed, a clear high frequency sound came out along the blade. Although shorter than a longsword, it was sharp enough to be used in actual combat and had a well-balanced center of gravity.

'Why are you so quiet? Could it be that he died?'

Every night when I sent a mental wave, it was quiet after I returned home. There was so much reaction than expected that she wondered if the contract had been terminated without her knowledge.

Ever since I showed it to my friends, I haven't activated Geumgang Armed Forces. He didn't have a particularly necessary situation, but it was somehow awkward.

If something is shared with humans, it is difficult to treat it entirely as an object. Do you think that if you activate Geumgang Armament for no particular reason, you will be looked at funny?

Of course I knew it wasn't necessary. It was something I had to gradually adapt to.

'Shall we try? It's my sword anyway... ... .'

It was frustrating to receive an S-class object and not even be able to use it. It's not that I want to fight anyone, but when I imagined him playing an active role with Armand, my heart was full.

Shirone watched the sword with a proud heart and memorized the start language.

"Geumgang Armed Forces."

Leaving behind the anxiety that nothing might happen, the blade opened without a doubt and swallowed Shirone.

Change happened in an instant. The hood covered his face and the fibrous cloak fluttered as it escaped like flames. A glass ball popped out of the palm of the gauntlet, and finally, the cybernetic brain quickly whirled around Shirone.

"Whoa!"

Shirone felt good about it.

Feeling clearer than ever before. A sense of fullness that seemed to be able to amplify any kind of magic because the focus point deepened.

Armand, who shares a brain with the user, changes his abilities depending on the situation, but since the current situation is unrelated to combat, no special state change has occurred.

Shirone approached the full-length mirror and looked at herself. He was a fairly plausible wizard because he was wearing a shabby robe that didn't look like new and covered his face with a hood. Besides, any other demon looked better than Mugu.

If not right away, the thought of becoming a professional mage someday and exploring the world in this form made my heart pound.

Shirone clenched her fists and pretended to raise her mana.

I am the wizard of Immortal Function. One day, I will become an infinite wizard and rise to the top of the world.

"Oohhh!"

Shirone shouted at the ceiling, her face stiffened when she saw the reflection in the mirror. Vincent opened the door and came in, looking at Shirone with an absurd expression.

"Oh, Dad!"

Embarrassed, Shirone stomped her feet.

I was glad I was wearing a hood. If he had even exposed his face, his face might have exploded.

"Mom wants me to eat. Come down quickly."

"Ah, okay."

Vincent closed the door and threw a word as he left.

"Aren't you old enough?"

Shirone's face heated up, and he lowered his head.

When I heard the sound of the door closing, I took off the hood and grabbed my head.

"OMG! embarrassing! I did it for the first time today!"

As expected, thinking that doing something that didn't suit her would cause her anger, Shirone canceled Armand. The fibers and crystal balls were sucked back into the demonic sword.

Shirone, who had been put into the scabbard with rated control, left Armand in the corner and went down to the first floor.

The smell of soup on the table melted my stomach. Suddenly hungry, Shirone sat down at the table and grabbed the spoon first. Olina smiled and poured the soup onto her plate.

"Are you hungry? Come on, eat."

"Yes. thank you for this food!"

The magic school food was meticulously packed with the nutrients necessary for wizards, but as expected, eating at home was the best.

Olina, who was happy to watch her son hurriedly finish a bowl of soup, poured more soup and asked.

"How are you going to spend this vacation? Do you have any plans?"

"I'm going to take a break for a while and then start training in earnest. But before that, there are things I want to do."

"What do you want to do?"

"Yes. Every winter, a local festival is held in the Les Mountains. May I go there?"

Vincent intervened.

"Oh, you mean the ruins of that old castle. You said you wanted to go before."

"really? I don't remember."

"Because I was very young. It must have been left in my heart without knowing it. come and go At the time, the situation was difficult, so I couldn't even show them around."

Olina propped her chin up and smiled sullenly.

No matter how much the son pretended not to be, he could not fool his mother's eyes.

"So, who are you going with?"

Shirone felt as if he had been attacked by surprise. He wasn't particularly guilty, but his face was burning.

"that is... ... Amy. I haven't talked about it yet."

"Oh, so it's a date."

"No! I thought it would be disturbing, so I tried to change my mood... ... . Uh, maybe they'll say no!"

I knew that Amy had failed the graduation exam. Olina didn't care. Amy, who went through Kazura, was a caring and upright girl.

Besides, I heard that the Karmis family also takes good care of Shirone. Didn't they go to the island together in the summer?

"Yes, go. The old castle site takes about 3 days to look around properly. There are plenty of places to stay, so don't worry, but you have to take good care of Amy. You can't take her to comfort her and try to comfort her."

"... ... Yes."

Olina's last words were subtly jarring, but Shirone replied that he would know. An animal intuition that digging too deep was dangerous.

After tidying up the tableware, Shirone went up to her room and packed her things. It took quite a while to Creas, so we had to leave before noon.

Teleporting can make you go faster than a wagon, but I didn't want to break the rules for something trivial.

Wearing a wool scarf over a winter coat, Shirone put on her rucksack and headed for the door.

As I grabbed the doorknob, my head suddenly rang. When he looked back, there was no doubt that Armand was sending a mental wave. I couldn't hear her voice, but it was the echo of protest.

Shirone sighed and said.

"Sorry, but no. Commoners can't wear swords. I don't even have a weapon license."

In order for a commoner to wear a weapon, a weapon possession license issued by a specific guild is required. If you become a wizard, you can automatically acquire it, but even that was impossible for Shirone, who was still a student. The S-class Armand was a nuisance in many ways.

Armand did not give up and sent out a mental wave.

Ego is difficult because there is ego. I don't know what kind of owner it has been through so far, but it seems that it doesn't understand why they don't take it with them after signing a contract at most.

It may have been in a state of resignation at the time when it belonged to Zeon. Isn't that why the light of temptation was sent even in the midst of the owner's presence?

'It makes me sad to think that way. I can't be more merciful than the previous owner.'

Shirone approached Armand as if he couldn't do anything about it.

To be honest, it is true that Armand is reliable in any situation. Even if you get caught in the checkpoint, there is a rating control, so it's enough to hide it somewhere else.

"Whoa, okay. let's go."

Shirone opened the coat and called Armand.

The sword that flew like a shot settled on the waist. Being shorter than the longsword also had the advantage of being easier to conceal. When the coat was covered, only the tip of the scabbard was slightly exposed. At a glance, you wouldn't even know there was a sword.

When Armand's mental wave disappeared, Shirone shook her head and left the room. It was said that there were many demonic swords that could kill their masters, so there was no choice but to turn this level into a charm.



* * *



Tormia Kingdom.

A magic association located in the capital Baska.

The Allog District is an area where major institutions are concentrated even in the capital city, and anyone passing by it at noon will frown. This is because many high-rise buildings reflect sunlight.

In particular, the Magic Association, one of the tallest buildings, looked as if gold was on fire.

At the main gate of the Magic Association, a neatly dressed woman has been waiting for someone for 30 minutes, looking at the main street.

Dark skinned, curly blonde hair was tied back and she wore red horn-rimmed glasses. Her nose was small but tall, and her pink lips were tightly closed, revealing her personality. She had a strong impression with the corners of her eyes slightly lowered, but overall she had a strange charm that was not seen in Tormia.

Tormia Magic Association chief of staff, Ahoya Kang Nan.

Located near the equator, the southern country of Iran is a confederation of numerous tribes. Kang Nan was the last descendant of the now-extinct wolf tribe and was a warrior trained in the ancient martial art Ram Muay.

He was also an intelligent man who had an exceptionally good brain, and even though he started studying late after coming to Tormia at the age of 15, he defeated fierce competition and even rose to become the chief secretary of the Magic Association.

However, the old and lascivious nobles of Tormia did not recognize her.

The point of view of Kang Nan was that of an exotic-looking commoner woman with a perfectly proportioned body. There were countless people who had their abdominal muscles torn by knee kicks while messing around without knowing Kang Nan's personality.

Among them were high-ranking nobles, but the Magic Association did not fire her. It was a classic example of her skill overshadowing her personality.

But for today, I thought I would take care of the intensity. The person she was waiting for was the highest emissary from her neighboring country, the Yakma Republic.

At the end of the avenue, I saw a house wagon with splendid decorations, and I tidied up my clothes again. Just as I was checking my high heels for dust and trying to fix my horn-rimmed glasses, a carriage arrived.

When the iron-clad bodyguards opened the door, a grumpy man appeared. His neck grew fat, his chin sunk in, and his stomach bulged like a cannon ball. However, the eyes buried in his eyelids were shining sharply.

'He is the country's highest envoy. I can't treat it carelessly.'

Kang Nan walked neatly with a clicking sound. Then she put the folder in her arms on her arm and bowed 90 degrees.

"Welcome to. My name is Kang Nan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association."

"Aha? You're a tough guy. nice to meet you It is Ordon."

Ordon held out his hand for a handshake.

It is good manners for the top envoy to shake hands with the chief of staff first, but in reality, he had a different ulterior motive.

The anecdote of Kang Nan, who sent countless nobles to the goal, was even transmitted to social circles in other countries. Ordon couldn't help but be interested when the exotic appearance was added to the title of a commoner and an indestructible flower.

When Kang Nan shook hands, Ordon gently rubbed the back of his smooth hand with his thumb.

Kang Nan's expression did not change. She had also heard rumors about Ordon, so she was prepared for a bit of a stake.

"The president of the association is waiting for you. I will guide you."

Ordon entered the Magic Association appreciating Kang Nan's narrow waist.

Seeing that they are fine even after beating the Tormia nobles, it seems that the Magic Association is looking after them, but they will not be able to disrespect the best envoys from other countries.

'Let me pick that flower.'

=======================================
[322] Ephemeral Rift (4)





Ordon's mouth moved nonstop as he made his way to the top floor. Most of them were nonsense, but Kang Nan did not show any signs of being bothered and answered her words.

"What is the percentage of graduates of the magic school in Tormia?"

"I know about 72 percent."

"Oh, it's similar to a yakma. Good judgment. You can trust that you are from school. People from the bottom of the street can only do one thing. Their application skills are also poor, so should we use those guys?"

Kang Nan felt bad when someone who had nothing to do with magic started arguing about the association.

"But wouldn't it be better to improvise in actual combat?"

"haha! Temporary response? That must be petty."

'Dirty bureaucracy.'

Kang Nan's lips twisted.

It wasn't like she wasn't from school either. Well, how can a person who sees only numbers written on documents know reality?

Kang Nan opened the door to the reception room and looked around the room before sighing. An envoy from another country has arrived, but the person staying on the same floor has yet to arrive.

"Please wait here. I will bring the president of the association."

Kang Nan, who calmed down the situation as if it were a set procedure, closed the door of the reception room and left.

From then on, her steps quickened.

The sound of high heels that made me feel alive cut off. Turning her body at a right angle to her, she knocked on the door of her president's office.

"It's hard. I will go in."

No answer was heard. Kang Nan, who was not expecting it anyway, vigorously turned the doorknob and entered.

The smell of sweat wafted through the room full of heat. The figure of a man sitting on the sofa terrorized her eyes.

It was not enough to wear boxer shorts that exposed the irregularities of the crotch, and her legs were spread wide in embarrassment.

The man staring at the ceiling with a cigarette, a taboo for wizards, and a cigar, the most poisonous, between his teeth, felt his heart rise and fall as if he had just finished exercising.

A wide chest and a thin waist like a tiger that don't match wizards at all. Her thighs were rocky, and her calves dropped sharply.

However, other women, other than Kang Nan, would scream if they saw a man's body. As if hundreds of earthworms were crawling, every part of her body was covered with wounds.

"What's up, mutt?"

The impression of Kang Nan was fiercely crumpled.

When the wolf tribe was wiped out and he wandered the world alone, he met this man and started a new life, but now he was not a benefactor, but a former enemy.

"What's going on? I told you that an emergency messenger is coming from Yakma. I'm waiting in the waiting room, what are you doing here?"

The man's head leaned over the sofa slowly rose.

Unlike his muscular body, his face was so strong that his cheekbones stood out. The scar that ran vertically through his left eye stood out, and there were only scars all over his lower body hidden by his beard. It gave me an idea of ??how long he had suffered.

Mikea Gaold, president of the Tormia Magic Association.

He was a first-class archmage, the highest rank of the Red Line, and one of the founding members of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society of Alpheas Magic School.

"The death god... ... You said you came?"

"Don't you remember? You said it only an hour ago! Go get it quickly."

Gaold thought.

I didn't remember. Lately, it seems that the number of times I lose my memory has become more frequent.

How are you?

He took a cigar and inhaled deeply. And he said briefly.

"no."

Kang Nan closed his eyes. you have to be patient

Thinking of saving a poor lung, she opened her eyes again and took out an official document with the royal seal on it.

"This is an order given by His Highness Adolf himself. The matter is serious, so it is said to cooperate regardless of the situation. If you don't like it, I'll take action according to the law."

Gaold put his head back on the couch as if he didn't care. He, who had been smoking a long cigar, said annoyedly.

"You are so annoying. He won't let you go even for a second."

"When it comes to hospitality, every second is disrespectful. Please don't be like the ugly duckling."

After he finished speaking, Kang Nan muttered with tears in his eyes.

"Duckling... ... ."

Gaold raised his face.

"What is it, man?"

"... ... Don't be like me."

"That's what you said earlier!"

"It was emphasized."

Kang Nan put on his horn-rimmed glasses with a calm expression and walked to the closet. When I took out the clothes of the president of the association, I had no choice but to hit her knee and get up.

"Sheesh! It's not a big deal, just do it. I'll give you a bowl of muk."

I wiped the sweat with a towel and changed my clothes.

Gaold threw the cigar on the floor and left the room, striding toward the reception room.

When I opened the door, Ordon greeted me with a bright color. The attitude towards the chief of staff and the president of the association could not be the same.

After the greetings, Ordon moved on to the main topic. Still, he was the best messenger, and once he got to work, his eyes were different.

An attendant brought a portable video recording device to the table. Then a small safe arrived, and Ordon unlocked it himself. When I opened the safe, Obscura B was inside.

"Currently, abnormal phenomena are occurring all over the world, including Yakma. Watch the video first."

When Obscura B was connected to the device, a video appeared. The scenery of the provincial town, which still retains the ancient style, appeared.

Gaold, who had been watching intently, suddenly showed interest with his eyes shining.

People who wandered around with dozens of tongues in their mouths were eating other people.

Following the screams, the National Guard was dispatched. However, the situation escalated out of control as the guards bitten by the mutant caused the same mutation.

"It's an incident that happened in an area called Kuberin. I couldn't get any videos from other countries besides Yakma. But rumor has it that a similar disease has spread. It is said that there are ghosts in some areas."

Gaold focused only on the video.

In the end, Wangseong's special forces mobilized and suppressed the mutants. Some of the swordsmen were people whom Gaold knew by name.

The wizards who took the sample cast a huge flame and burned the entire village.

"I dissected the deceased right after the incident. Mutations of any kind are based on pre-existing properties. But the mutations of the deceased did not match the characteristics of any creature here."

Gaold returned to his languid attitude. And he said, yawning profusely as if he was not interested.

"So what, are you saying this came from outer space?"

The video Ordon showed you would be Yakma's first-class secret. Showing it to a wizard in another country and providing key information meant that the other side had something to gain as well.

There was no way that Ordon, the best diplomat in Yakma, could not fail to notice Gaold's change.

But today I wasn't here to set the negotiating table. It was a transnational issue, and countries around the world were paying attention to this event.

"In the space-time of the labyrinth... ... Something seems to be wrong."

Gaold's eyes, which seemed to be tired, lit up for a moment. However, it was only a momentary change, and she quickly returned to her calm face.

"So what? What are you asking me to do?"

"I want to investigate the space-time of the maze. But as you know, it is a place that can only be reached through the kingdom of Tormia... ... . Of course, I'm not asking for independent opening. Valkyrie's approval has already fallen off."

"To be exact, it's Alpheas Magic School."

Gaold expressed his displeasure.

Even if I become a crippled person whose memories are blown away at any time, there are memories that I will never forget. The vivid memories in his mind, like reality, were still sadistically whipping Gaold's mind and body.

Gaold leaned over and crossed his legs. Manners were no longer in my head.

A strong sigh was heard. But I didn't even care about that.

"I will think about it. Go back at once."

Ordon's expression changed to bewilderment at the unexpected answer.

"Would you like to think? Do you think the reason I came here is to ask you a favor? This is cooperation between countries. I know that His Highness Adolf has already agreed... ... ."

Gaold's facial muscles twisted abnormally. As if the devil's spirit had dwelled in Gaold's face, two extreme expressions were revealed at the same time.

"Did you think I would lower my tail if I told you the name of the king? Adolf? What kind of child is that? No one can go without my permission."

As the air grew hot, the furniture in the reception room began to stir. The mental waves generated by the conflict between the emotion to kill Ordon and the emotion to suppress it are moving things.

This was a self-denial that far exceeded human limits. This time, I couldn't even go strong and swallowed my saliva.

Ordon had hallucinations.

The reception room was gone, and only Gaold and himself were seated facing each other, and the whole area was covered with hellfire. I could smell sulfur and heard the screams of demons beyond the wall of fire.

What kind of life has this man lived? He had met many poisonous people in the world, but he was the first one to terrorize him.

'The head of the Tormia Magic Association said he was a madman... ... .'

He seemed to know why Kang Nan had not been kicked out of the association even after beating numerous nobles. The head of the association was an idiot who was unmatched by humans.

"go away. before killing them."

He was a man who called his country's king his son. Realizing that there was no lie in Gaold's words, Ordon screamed and left the reception room as soon as the hallucinations dissipated. Urine dripped down his pants and ran along the floor.

Since an incident that has already happened cannot be undone, the reception room was enveloped in heavy silence.

When Gaold's life subsided, Kang Nan sat down in Ordon's seat and said.

"Did I have to do this? You can return it with a nice word."

"You are an unlucky child. You were refreshing too."

"what... ... I cannot deny it."

Gaold took a cigar from his pocket and asked. When he snapped his finger, sparks ignited it.

Gaold was the only one who could use magic in the association where the magic controller was in operation.

"You're going to investigate the space-time of the labyrinth? Why don't you stick out your neck and tell me to break the back of your head?"

"But what really happened? If there is a problem with the space-time of the maze, Tormia should be the first to appear."

"Perhaps. It just hasn't materialized yet. Didn't I say that the tongue monsters haunted Kuberin? It is where the ancient Colosseum was."

"What does that mean?"

"It is not a creature. sort of... ... It should be like a concept. That concept came over here and took its place in the area where human thoughts were concentrated.

Kang Nan nodded his head meekly.

If it was Gaold, then so it is. None of Valkyrie's leaders knew more about the labyrinth and heaven than Gaold did.

"Why did that happen?"

"The creature couldn't come over. The most likely assumption is that the labyrinth's construction has more than a certain level of cracks. If it's a labyrinth, I'll be able to recover that much. But it won't last long."

Gaold leaned back on the backrest and put the cigar in his mouth between his fingers. Acrid cigarette smoke filled the reception room.

"Kangnan, you should go."

Kang Nan straightened his back and placed both hands on his knees.

"Please tell me."

"Sooner or later, something similar will happen here. Investigate everything. Concentrate on finding places where ancient thoughts can gather. Places like historical sites, the Colosseum, and castle ruins."

After writing Gaold's orders in his notebook, Kang Nan left his seat and headed for the door. He didn't need to operate a wagon if it was a solo mission, so it wouldn't be too late no matter where the incident happened in the kingdom.

"Oh, and while I was walking around, Creas also went."

Kang Nan, who was about to open the door and leave, turned around.

"The place where the magic school is? Do you have something to say to Alfeas-san?"

Gaold tapped on the sofa and thought.

There is no early sense, but there was no time to delay if there was a problem with the construction of the maze. It was time to put the plan I had dedicated my life to into action.

"Shirone... ... Meet the child called."





(end of volume 13)

=======================================