
[624] Magic of Banya (1)





'Four seconds. 3 seconds.'

Shirone slowly stood up.

It was impossible to recover completely, but the eyes were clear and there was no disheveled look.



- Enter the 9th stage of self-denial survival.



The heart of the participants sank when they heard the guide voice of the 2,000th system.

'Step 9.'

I felt overwhelmed just by the numbers.

"From now on, it's on a different level. The average of stats increases by 8.7 times compared to Tier 3."

It was an incomprehensible increase to apply to the test, but in reality there is no such thing as an intermediate stage between tier 3 and tier 2.

Considering the size of the Colosseum, it was downsized, but among demons, only demon-level creatures are listed in Tier 2.

Powerful beings representing attributes beyond the category of creatures, such as Phoenix, the incarnation of fire, Peroton, who freezes lakes with just his breath, Grim Reaper, the reaper of death, and Sundera, who drives thunderstorms, swept over the Colosseum.

"We came all this way under the leadership of one person. If this is the case, self-denial survival itself becomes meaningless. If not, there could be mass deaths."

Unlike Shirone, who took step by step, the other participants were like meeting a disaster after staying still.

"You have no choice but to dig into the weakness of the virtual system. Unlike reality, the higher the tier, the simpler the pattern."

Most of the high-tier creatures live outside the human habitat and have excellent intellectual abilities, so simulation data was insufficient.

"Of course, if you know the pattern, you can avoid dozens of blades."

It was the fear of intellect overpowering force.

"But thousands of blades are unavoidable. They will take over in no time."

"... ... ."

Thousands of blades, that was the current situation on the battlefield.

oooh oooh!

Every time the three phoenixes vomited fireballs, more than half of the Colosseum was engulfed in flames.

Covered in ironclad scales, the Peloton flew through the sky with huge fins like wings, creating a straight line of ice and raining down thunderbolts at unspecified coordinates called Thunder.

On the ground, a gigantic Grim Reaper, five meters tall, was sitting on a horse and wielding a scythe.

"What are you going to do now? Can we get a second evaluation?"

It was a self-denying survival where 15 people were selected based on their skills, but now they were eliminated if they were just unlucky.

'No, die. Even if you die two thousand times.'

The attacks of the 2nd tier creatures were powerful enough to destroy even the wizard's spirit.

'Absolute barrier!'

As Eden's barrier blocked the front, 17 creatures poured intensive fire.

"Big!"

Although the name Absolute Barrier was overshadowed by changing the battery with wide-area defense magic, being able to protect more than 20 participants rather increased her value.

"This will kill my son!"

There was no place to set foot in the Colosseum from the fire of the demons, and the only safe place was inside Eden's defense.

"What are you doing? I sent the school to become a wizard, and they all look like they're going to die!"

Parents know the fierce competition, but the current situation is difficult to comprehend.

"End here! Let's go second!"

It was as if they were testing who was more fortunate, and if so, it was only natural to make a suggestion to the organizers and move on to the next evaluation.

"The situation has gotten serious."

Olivia, who heard the parents' complaints, said.

"But there is no cancellation. Because that is the graduation exam."

Even the headmaster, Alpheas, could not use his hands from now on.

It was a test being held simultaneously in all countries under the Red Line.

"Find a solution! I can't stand it any longer!"

Eden's mental strength has reached its limits.

Phoenix's fireballs gleamed like oil along the surface of the shield, and Peroton remained fixed in the sky, constantly exhaling a breath of ice.

'If the barrier is breached... ... .'

Some students come up with their own countermeasures and raise their mental powers.

"Shirone! Dangerous!"

Before putting it into action, Shirone jumped into the center of the Demon Gods, where all the firepower was being concentrated.

"Reckless! You will die!"

Baikal did not want Shirone to die like this.

"what... ... !"

However, Shirone passed through the demons without taking any damage.

"What is that?"

The scouts all jumped up to take a closer look.

"Whoa!"

After crossing the Colosseum, Shirone pulled up the sequence ceremony at the end of the Colosseum, and golden light radiated along her body, and she soared into the incarnation of a gigantic light angel.

Key eh eh!

When the 2,000th system picked up the most active target, the Demon Gods turned and charged at once.

"Uh-oh... ... !"

Just when everyone intuited the terrible accident, Shirone's time machine created thousands of whirlwinds and distorted the landscape.

'Poetry of fire!'

A ray of light came out of the mayhem mixed with flames, scythes, ice breath, and lightning strikes.

"Huh!"

At the same time, analysts from each country clutched their heads and groaned.

"what's the matter?"

Elizabeth frowned and shouted.

"The clock in the 2,000 system is malfunctioning!"

"hour?"

"I am not properly aware of it. The error rate is approximately plus or minus 1.14 seconds!"

"What does that mean?"

"You're going backwards in time!"

Baikal looked at Shirone only then.

There was no sense of incongruity, but as errors accumulated in the system, the movement of creatures was cut off.

"Incarnation... ... ?"

The ability that only the highest level of banya can use was unfolding in the Colosseum of the graduation exam.

"Lady Reina, this question is a bit strange, but... ... ."

Vincent asked, looking blankly at Shirone wandering among the demons.

"Is that student over there really my son?"

It was a landscape that Reina had never even imagined.

"well. I... ... I do not know."

"Shirone is right, Father."

Lian, who was resting on Vincent's shoulder, turned to Shirone with a flushed face and said.

"I can swear by my sword."

"Now! Attack everyone!"

The contestants, who were once again distracted by Shirone, jumped into battle belatedly.

'Nuclear Fusion!'

After a long calculation, Iruki activated his deadly magic, and an explosion occurred in the center of the Colosseum.

"52,437 kilobusters! The explosive power exceeded 50 Mega Buster!"

It was the first number to appear in the graduation exam.

As if to make up for their trampled pride, their organs were revealed as if they were exploding, and the scouts were busy evaluating, analyzing, and recording at the same time.

'I just need to hold on a little longer!'

The total amount of data generated in the Colosseum was at a level that threatened the performance of the 2,000 times system specially created for graduation exams, but even so, it could not annihilate the demons.



-Enter the 10th stage of self-denial survival.



"Are you going to see it in the end?"

The warning lights flickered as the scouts were thrilled by one of the greatest incidents in Red Line history.



- Allow access to the main system 2,000 times. Activate a first-class security program. Summon Program Dragon, Fire Dragon Inpercus.



The eyes of the audience widened when they heard the emergency announcement.

"Dragon?"

Even in the same Tier 1, it was a top-notch creature that was on a different level from a Richie who belonged to the intermediate level.

Key eh eh eh!

A tearing scream erupted first, and Infercus, a fire dragon with a head that seemed to pierce the ceiling, appeared in the center of the Colosseum.

"What the hell is that?"

Even the participants who took the test with desperate determination were frightened by the dragon's tyrannical appearance.

kurrrrr... ... .

As Inpercus spewed flames through his clenched teeth, he roared toward the sky, and a cloud of fire covered the ceiling!

"It's a dragon."

Dragons perceive and even rule the world in binary rather than language.

Even the state-of-the-art 2,000th system was nothing more than scrap metal compared to the dragon's brain, and the magic created from its powerful calculations was unlike anything human.

Aaaaaang!

The shape of the flames spewed out toward the ground seemed to be thrown out, and mental damage was inflicted only by the heat transferred.

"Keuuugh!"

If it was the physical world, the body would have already been burned.

"Harm!"

"Where to escape?"

The only safe zone was outside the Colosseum, which meant failing the exam.

'Can't beat this! What are you talking about?'

Even at the last stage, there was no time limit.

'I'm not a complete pervert!'

While avoiding the breath that turned the ground into lava, the contestants cursed the unknown test maker.

It was as if he was saying, 'Do you dare to solve the problem I created?'

"It is true that Mr. Carinter is a pervert."

Baikal knew who was responsible for designing the self-sufficiency survival assessment.

"But it is definitely a program approved by Red Line. There must be blind spots."

There is a blind spot, but it was too narrow.

Aaaaa! Aaaaa!

Every time Inpercus spewed a breath, the participants were in a hurry to avoid it.

"damn! go up to the sky! Let's scatter!"

After chasing the contestants, Infercus raised his head and emitted a roaring white noise towards the audience.

"Aagh! what!"

The audience, facing the dragon's breath, forgot face and retreated, but the flames extinguished in front of the audience as if a curtain had been drawn.

"Have it! Otherwise, everyone will be eliminated!"

All the participants cast attack magic, thinking that the longer the time, the more disadvantageous it would be, but Inpercus continued to spit out flames according to a set pattern as if no message had been received.

"Analyze the parameters. Was Inpercus' magical power level 360 million magicles?"

Elizabeth opened the 100% parameter.

"Now it is 98.7 percent."

Even after being attacked by close to 30 wizards, it was only a 1.3 percent reduction.

"Oh, it went up to 98.8 percent."

Creatures, like participants, recover magic.

"Based on the current figures, the expected clearing time is 197 hours 44 minutes and 15 seconds."

"... ... It will be over next year."

"The amount of magic recovery set for Inpercus reaches 14% per minute."

It was faster than Shirone's indifference.

"If the firepower doesn't momentarily overwhelm the horsepower numbers, the designer will win in the end."

"What are you going to do by beating the students?"

Annoyed, Baikal frowned.

"Evaluator! there!"

Then Lara pointed to the Colosseum.

Shirone fired lasers, accumulating damage on Inpercus' body.

The breath still terrifyingly swept through the space, but it couldn't burn Shirone, who had activated the Fire Statue Explosion.

"Now! Attack everyone!"

The participants, who already knew the function of the laser, began to cast their own deadly magic.

"parameter."

Elizabeth immediately replied.

"It is declining at a fairly rapid pace. 88.7 percent. 86.4 percent."

In the minds of the participants, the only thought was that it should end here.

"67.6 percent. 64.2 percent. The expected clearing time has been reduced to 24 minutes and 43 seconds."

"That's great. But can we maintain this firepower until then?"

"It must be difficult. In fact, the damage of the laser reaches 40% of the total damage."

"Kuaaaaa!"

Infercus let out a roar of pain for the first time.

"Yes, Shirone."

As the woman in the hood crossed her legs and put her arm on the seat next to her, the middle-aged man glanced displeasedly.

"Push away, the world."

When Shirone's laser disappeared, everyone turned their heads.

"Shirone! what are you doing!"

Even a slight drop in firepower would quickly restore Infercus' mental strength.

'It can't go on like this!'

What he squeezed out with all his might was the 4th-dimensional ataraxia that combined the Sibul statue explosion.

"52 percent! 53 percent! I keep recovering!"

The audience, who had been cheering in unison, let out a pitiful exclamation, and a middle-aged man also got angry with his hips shaking.

"a! me, no! We must attack quickly! What if I come this far and give up?"

The hooded woman murmured as she looked down at the magic circle of spheres emitting colorful light.

"Ataraxia."

The middle-aged man frowned and asked.

"Now, what did you say to me?"

The woman continued ignoring her.

"A long time ago, the existence of angels was like a natural disaster to humans. So great and so powerful, all I can do is submit."

'what? Are you crazy?'

Seeing him muttering to himself, the middle-aged man turned his head away as if looking away.

"In fact, the target the angel had to fight was the dragon that ruled this planet before humans did."

"... ... ."

But, oddly enough, it was a fascinating story.

"From then on, the human gods were divided into two. The god of the distant universe has become a religion, and the god here has been descending as the name of the king who rules over humans."

"What the hell are you talking about... ... ."

When the middle-aged man couldn't stand it and asked, the hooded woman turned her head and asked.

"Do you know what the humans who watched the war of the gods called the magic of the angels?"

"That, well. I'm fine... ... ."

As she stuttered with an unknown force, the woman turned her head toward the battlefield, raising the corner of her mouth.

"Dragon slayer magic."



Photon Cannon.

The flashes of light that passed through the 4th-dimensional ataraxia were scattered from the outskirts of the Colosseum in huge numbers and focused on Inpercus.

Aaaaaaang!

"Fall again! 44 percent! 38 percent! 27 percent!"

The spectators watching the run of stars condensing at tremendous speed felt a certain sacredness imprinted in their genes from time immemorial.

'This is the end!'

Shirone glared at Infercus, who was writhing in pain, and raised his arms and clenched his fists.

Vanishing Magic, Quasar.

=======================================
[625] Magic of Banya (2)





Endless flashes of light flooded the center of Inpercus, which was enveloped in a huge light.

Aaaaaa!

Because it was the strongest creature, the dragon's scream made me feel unknown fear.

"Fourteen percent! 11 percent!"

As the analysts shouted, the audience clenched their fists without even blinking their eyelids.

'Is it really possible?'

In history as well as in mythology, one handful of events were being reproduced right in front of my eyes.

Krrrrr!

Just then, Inpercus wriggled viciously in a massive storm.

"The magic is being restored! 13 percent! Fifteen percent!"

"It sounds like a geeky inspiration. What are you going to do if you set up the concentration of magical power?"

It was proof that it was not a program designed with clear assuming from the beginning that it was hung up on reality.

"17 percent! 19 percent! Keep going up!"

As Inpercus's head gradually bent toward the ground, the contestants equipped their magic with tired expressions.

"damn! hold on! Concentrate your firepower!"

While everyone was preoccupied with the dragon, only Shirone turned and headed towards the corner.

"no."

said the woman in the hood.

"I can't stand that."

Key eh eh!

Infercus' back, which was trying to escape the quasar by concentrating its magical energy, was bent to such an extent that the spine was bent.

"It is condensed. You have crossed the threshold."

As Baikal said, as the size of the quasar decreased, the impact began to increase.

"Nine percent! 7 percent!"

At that point, the dragon's body twisted.

"Four percent! 2 percent! 1 percent... ... !"

Elizabeth's rising voice snapped and her eyes shook in shock.

Aaaaaa!

A dragon of 360 million magiccles was being sucked in along with the quasar that dissipated into dots.

Kieheh... ... .

The screams faded away like memories of the past, and everyone in the Colosseum couldn't move with a stunned look on their faces.

"It really sucked. the dragon... ... ."



- Ends self-denial survival evaluation. 28 final survivors. After a while, the second evaluation will begin.



In a situation that did not feel real, the participants first turned their eyes to where Shirone was.

Already preparing for the next evaluation and closing my eyes, I could read the concentration that gave me goosebumps.

"brown... ... !"

A scout from another country jumped up from the VIP seat.

"bravo!"

As if it had been promised, numerous scouts uttered compliments in their own languages, and the audience gave a standing ovation.

Even while showers of applause shook the Colosseum, Baikal was still motionless.

'Is this your answer, Shirone?'

Elizabeth turned her head away, unable to contain her excitement.

"Evaluator, you have to give a review."

Baikal, who was lost in thought until the applause died down, finally opened his heavy mouth.

"It's S."

Lara smiled and recorded the grade.

"Incredible. Clear level 10. I have never been so excited about working as a scout."

Baikal asked Elizabeth.

"Check the records for the entire kingdom of Tormia. Are there any cases where you succeeded in clearing stage 10?"

"there is."

Elizabeth's eyes glowed blue.

"Nineteen years ago, here at Alpheas Magic School, there was a record of passing level 10 for the first time in the kingdom. It was the first evaluation like today, and the final survivors were 15 people."

"It was 19 years ago. Who was the top passer at the time?"

Blinking through the information, she said.

"This is Mikea Garold."

There was no way Baikal would not know the name of the former head of the Magic Association.

"... ... Are you going after a madman?"



-From now on, the selection of the second evaluation of the graduation exam begins. One of the five disciplines, excluding self-control survival, is adopted.



Even in the event that wrote a new history in the kingdom's magic school, the system was just indifferent.

"Ah, that's stupid. On a day like today, let the contestants rest more! You're ruining the game."

As the middle-aged man complained, the woman in the hood crookedly leaned her head on her fist and muttered.

"We don't take exams to win... ... ."

The man's face was wrinkled.

"Hey, lady. I've been holding back from a while ago, but if there's something you want to say, say it directly to me. Pretending to mumble but not using honorifics. Who the hell are you?"

The hooded woman turned her head away.

"Who is that uncle? Seeing you here, I don't think you're a parent either."

"You mean you don't know me?"

A man took out a copy of Spirit magazine, published three years ago, and proudly displayed it.

The title of the article was written in the special plan column.



Foltar, a man who loves magic, looks back on 27 years of civilian scouting



"Aha?"

"Did you know now? It's the 30th year this year. The Magic Association's Kreas branch also gives you a special visitor's pass."

"At the association? Incredible."

"of course. Because magic is like my life. We meticulously record and keep all the records of the graduates of the Alpheas School of Magic, as well as the evolution of regulation magic."

"Awesome. If you have that kind of passion, why don't you officially scout?"

Poltar's eyes darkened.

"When I was young and crazy about magic, I once dreamed of becoming a wizard. But life just doesn't go the way you want it to."

"Any special story?"

Poltar turned his head sadly.

"No Spirit Zone."

"... ... ."

"Even though I memorized the rules of magic, it still doesn't work. Even after 30 years, this is difficult. Ha, it seems to happen sometimes... ... ."

The woman looked back without answering.

"By the way, who are you? Except for the officials, they can observe only with the approval of the association."

"Me? Are you a student here?"

"Ah, it was an advanced class."

For some reason, I thought the words he was saying were out of the ordinary.

"Then I should watch it with my friends, why are you here?"

"Just. Because no one really knows... ... ."

Poltar looked on pitifully.

"Oops. Are you being bullied?"

"Yes... ... Well, something similar."

Foltar's hand tapped the woman's back.

"Cheer up! dream big! Do you know if you work hard? Can you really become the best wizard in the world! You are still young!"

'I'm not that young... ... .'

They look young, but there's no need to reveal it.

"Chuck! Anyway, today is really great! It's been a long time since I've had such an exciting graduation exam!"

A guide voice was heard.



- Determine the secondary evaluation items.



A circular hologram appeared above the heads of the participants scattered throughout the Colosseum.

The arrows rotated along the remaining five events while the lights were turned off in the self-defense survival category.

'How much has it recovered?'

What the participants waiting for the second evaluation were most concerned about was Shirone's current state of mind.

Complete recovery is impossible without magic, and in fact, the complexion was noticeably pale compared to the beginning.

'What on earth are you doing that for?'

Shirone's friends watched anxiously.

'When the evaluation begins, most of them will focus on attacking Shirone. There is a need to form a faction according to the sport.'

If the rivals unite, the friends will also unite, and the focal point was, of course, Shirone.

'Shirone first. Even if I'm tired, I'm 1st in graduation. It's in my favor to deal with it quickly.'

Amidst different thoughts, an arrow finally pointed to a slot.

"Sigh."

Depending on the event, there would be pros and cons, but what was clear was that no participants would welcome this event now.



-Person-to-person combat (measurement of combat power).



"Wowaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

As it is the most popular event in the graduation exam, the audience's reaction was explosive.

'It must be really crazy.'

As such, the hardships of the participants were clearly visible, but there were no foolish people wasting their time complaining.

'Hit Shirone.'

Almost at the same time, all 28 people entered the spirit zone, and most of the participants threw their bodies at Shirone.

On the contrary, Shirone's friends took a position against them and pushed in from the opposite direction.

'Person-to-person combat. In the beginning, it's unconditionally a factional war.'

Amy, who had already been hit by a golden ring in the graduation exam a year ago, was thinking of building a united front.

At that time, Iruki and Nade, who made the same decision, join her left and right and head towards Shirone.

'Elysion!'

Above the heads of all participants except Shirone, the photon cannon's flash fell in a diagonal line.

"what!"

bang! Kwak Kwa Kwa Kwam!

When the battle opened due to unexpected circumstances, the participants who rolled on the floor looked at Shirone with blank expressions.

"Sigh. Sigh."

He was already exhausted from firing twenty-seven shots at the same time, his head bowed and he was gasping for breath.

The approaching friends stopped abruptly, and Shirone, who slowly stepped back, waved her hand as if to invite her to come in.

"Such a madman... ... !"

The participants, who realized the gesture that they would deal with all of them, expressed their willingness to live with uncontrollable anger.

"Worst decision."

Baikal opened his mouth.

"... ... I'd like to say, but I can't now. After all, I was properly stabbed in the back of the head in the first evaluation."

"Still, it's impossible to deal with everyone. Besides, you are already exhausted."

"I agree, but the word impossible is a bit harsh. Even if 27 people unite, it's not cage level."

It was true.

"But I can't help feeling unpleasant."

Leaving Gabulga, as a single magician, I couldn't feel good about Shirone's decision now.

"No. 27. Who do you think you are?"

Most of the contestants, whose pride was hurt, rushed at Shirone with tight eyes.

"You will have to answer, Shirone."

At the beginning of the second evaluation, Baikal asked Shirone another question.

"you... ... Are you that great?"

A wide flash of light flashed, and Shirone took advantage of the moment when the participants hesitated and flew up into the sky.

While everyone raised their eyes to the sky, the hooded woman followed Shirone's flash and said,

"The reason why geniuses are not recognized by the majority is because they deny the existing system."

Who could have accepted that time and space are intertwined into one system?

"It's not like jealousy or envy. Rather, it is the realm of understanding. They cannot accept it because the system is different."

The moment Foltar looked back at the rather grandiose discourse, the woman grabbed the armrest and jumped up.

"But I understand, Shirone. stick to it Even if the whole world denies you... ... ."

The woman pulled back her hood to reveal her face, her arms wide open and her chin raised arrogantly.

'I, the strongest maze, understands you.'

"Oh, sit down! You can't see it!"

"... ... sorry."

When the person behind him pointed and shouted, the embarrassed Miro shook his head and sat down.



"Come down! After all, do you mean running away!"

The contestants fired intensive fire at Shirone, who was flying through the sky by teleportation.

Friends who did not understand at first could now fully understand Shirone's meaning.

'You really want to become a wizard.'

The corners of Iruki's mouth, which made his decision, were bizarrely torn.

'Then the desired sea, Shirone!'

As atomic springs exploded in succession and soared into the sky, Shirone flew to the edge of the Colosseum with its wide wings spread.

'This can't be done, this can't be done... ... .'

In the end, countless negative words about not being able to become a wizard escaped my thoughts.

"doesn't care. Even if not everyone."

As the wings flapped, his body landed on the back of the Ataraxia that had been piled up at the end of the Colosseum.

"I am a wizard!"

A white sphere was born in front of Shirone's eyes and vibrated terribly, and Lian smiled.

"Of course, Shirone."

"That crazy... ... !"

The participants who discovered Ataraxia hurriedly stopped charging and gritted their teeth with tired expressions.

'Photon Cannon!'

At the same time as the sphere of light passed through Ataraxia, all 27 people twisted their backs.

"Harm! Scatter!"

A huge flash of light took over the entire Colosseum.

=======================================
[626] Magic of Banya (3)





A white glow engulfed the Colosseum, leaving the audience unable to confirm anything.

Only the analysts connected to the main system were watching the battlefield through codes.

"That is Ataraxia."

It was a wide-range ejection magic that was the symbol of Shirone, to the extent that it was even introduced in Spirit magazine.

"What is the impact?"

"About 18 million crashes."

It was a whopping 7 times higher than the photon cannons of Ataraxia's bullet system, but the number was no longer surprising.

The flash disappeared and the eyes of the audience moved busily to inspect the battlefield of the huge Colosseum.

"Ambiguous."

Most of the participants gathered at the end of the Colosseum, and only Eden was spreading the Absolute Barrier in the center.

"Huh!"

She had once blocked Ataraxia's Photon Cannon in Scramble Royale, but she hadn't been pushed back 2,000 times.

"I went into orthodoxy."

He succeeded in splitting the high-output mass waves using his own body as a blade, but it was not enough to withstand the shock.

"Check the parameters."

"Spirit level dropped by 2%. It was close. It's a pity from Shirone's point of view."

"no. I think I knew."

As soon as Baikal finished speaking, Shirone moved forward and fired a photon cannon.

'No one is weak.'

It is not obsessed with fighting the whole thing, and only puts all its energy into defeating the enemy in front of it.

'Depart from Eden!'

Stepping up like that was the only way to the top of the pyramid.

"Huh!"

Eden, who had opened a local shield, tilted the angle, and the photon cannon's flash bounced diagonally.

"It is a good choice. Lowering the slope has the same effect as increasing the thickness of the shield."

'then... ... !'

Watching the rushing participants from behind Eden, Shirone compressed the photon cannon in her right hand.

"Yaaaaa!"

The sphere of light, which had been shaken enough to exceed the realm of vibration, stretched out through the magical action.

"Projectile speed 400 meters per second!"

Eden's head rang as the photon cannon flew at a speed exceeding the speed of sound and crashed into the shield again.

"Keugh!"

If they collide at this speed, the impact is not dispersed and concentrated at the point no matter how inclined it is.

"Eden! Attack!"

Eden opened his arms as Shirone, who had cast teleportation, jumped into his arms and fired a photon cannon.

"I lost, Shirone."

A powerful shock hit the brain, and the red light came on in Eden's bracelet where the Spirit Zone disappeared.



-Participation number 25. 2,000 broke away from the system.



Shirone's voice was heard in Eden's ears as he collapsed with all his weight on Shirone's shoulders.

"Good work."

Her eyes slithered shut.

"thanks."

A devout follower of the Jordanian religion, Eden would be recorded as not resorting to violence until the very last moment.

"Get it done now! Not twice!"

If Shirone were to open Ataraxia again, there would be no choice but to drop out one after another.

Shirone kicked off the ground toward the participants running from the end of the Colosseum.

An unconscious Eden fell to the floor, and a single flash of light reached the center of the 26 people.

"I'm going to try to the end!"

As Boyle cast Sergeant, a blue-skinned Gaos with bluish electricity appeared.

"Ohh?"

Numerous spines sprouted along its spine, and instead of a tube-like tongue, there was a gun barrel-like hole pierced inside its jaw.

"I see a functional change. It's a dream."

Mongsa, which transforms the form of a creature and changes its function, boasted an extremely difficult level of difficulty among the bosses.

"It's the first time I've seen it in the graduation exam."

Instead of raising his tier, Boyle's choice to practice dreaming was only to pass the graduation exam.

"good! Gaos!"

Aaaaaa!

Gaos, who emits blue electricity, waved his claws, and Shirone teleported away.

"Now!"

In that place, Closer's interruption exploded and Sabina's wind cutter flew in.

Subsequently, all 36 prescribed magics reinforced with fire strike, ice wave, and suabi buffs were poured.

'Poetry of fire!'

The moment I distorted space-time and left the radius, the screamer's back kick, which flew in a flash of light, was stuck in the abdomen.

"Keugh!"

The air exploded with a bang, and Shirone's body flew away.

"It went right in!"

Since the Screamer's organ is a physical attack, not magic, it could instantly kill any wizard once caught.

"An increase in atmospheric pressure has been detected. It is an air shield."

Although he escaped death by compressing the air in his abdomen, he was on the defensive enough to use magic, which was not his major.

"damn! what a waste!"

Conger rushed to the side where the screamer burst into anger, pulling out dozens of steel wires from between his palms.

'Shirone. It's pretty cute.'

Unlike her appearance, Konger is feminine, but like a steel wizard, her magic was at the height of ferocity.

"Death Fence."

As she spread her arms from side to side, the wires spurted out like a stream of water and attacked Shirone.

If you get caught on a steel wire with sharp thorns sprouting every 10 cm, you will be crushed without a chance to use your hands.

"Huh!"

The steel wire passed through Shirone's abdomen, pulling her back as if it were bent.

"I avoided... ... !"

'You can't avoid my love that much.'

The steel wires bent like hair burning in the heat and cut Shirone's arms and legs.

As the mental shock hit her brain, Arin cast the Shadow of Capture and restrained Shirone's body.

"Canis! It is now!"

'The Power of Darkness.'

The saw blade-shaped darkness extending from Canis' shadow flew towards Shirone's neck.

"Big!"

Shirone, who destroyed Arin's magic with Geumgangtae's mental power, cast a berserker without even having time to dodge.

Puff puff puff puff!

The power of darkness fluttered like burnt paper, but a sneer lingered on Canis' lips.

"I knew you would."



Book of Light and Darkness - Incarnation Reversal.



The size of the shadow outside the curtain of light swelled like a balloon, and then penetrated the width of the light.

'Have you penetrated the light?'

Shirone's body, struck by the power of darkness, was pushed to the end of the Colosseum, buried in the shadows.

'It's embarrassing to be this surprised. It's a technique prepared only to defeat you.'

"Isn't that okay... ... ."

As Shirone was pushed back one after another, sad exclamations leaked out from the audience one by one.

"Who are you to blame? It was self-inflicted."

Emotions are the same as those of the audience, but Baikal as a scout still adheres to a sober judgment.

"It must have been the only option. admit that But now you have to admit that it's impossible."

Elizabeth reported.

"The percentage figure has gone down to 7 percent. If we are not given time to recover, I think we will be eliminated as it is."

"Goaaaaa!

Cayden, who transformed the cross sword, took the lead, and the other participants followed suit and equipped themselves with magic.

"What are you going to do now, Number 27? If you can't show me anything more here, your graduation exam is over."

"Whoa!"

As Shirone exhaled and expanded the spirit zone, the eyes of the crowd gathered at the same time widened.

"what?"

Elizabeth read the change in the main system.

"It's slow magic."

The magic that slows down time using the acceleration of light is certainly wonderful, but photonization was the basic of the basics for a wizard.

"huh! In the end, what's left is leftovers!"

As soon as the photonization battery was installed, no matter who said it first, the slowed time returned to its original state in an instant.

'Shirone, Slo isn't for this kind of situation.'

It was a tactic that would only work for an ignorant gang of bandits, unless they were poking loopholes with an instant magic circle like Dante did.

"what?"

Suddenly the slo was released.

At the same time as the participants felt puzzled, the analysts in the VIP seats frowned with headaches.

"Huh!"

Baikal, who heard Elizabeth's moaning, spoke.

"Looks like you can't adapt."

The error caused by the explosion of the Buddha statue dealt a direct blow to the analyst's brain.

"That's the same, but this one is a little different."

"Different?"

"It is not time."

Elizabeth couldn't find words to explain for a while.

"The space exists at the same time.



Sibulsangbombing-Force Dimension (fourth-dimensional battle space).



"What is this again?"

The participants rushing towards Shirone were stunned by the phenomenon unfolding in front of them and stopped in a hurry.

Twelve Shirones stood in different postures with photon cannons floating above their hands.

"Illusion magic?"

The first Shirone fired a flash of light, and photon cannons flew from all directions.

"damn!"

While each body was flying, Cayden bounced the light with his cross sword, and Dante's instant magic circle collided with tremendous power.

"Keugh!"

Just by looking at the faces of the defenders, the participants were able to guess what was happening here.

"It is not welcome."

All 12 Shirones were real.

"Is it possible?"

Elizabeth could not answer Baikal's question.

"This is not a matter for a single analyst to comment on. However, from a numerical point of view, it is believed that the time warping ability of No. 27 was implemented through spatial coordinates."

The only person who could give a clear answer was Miro, who was the first to sense the ability to bomb the statue of Buddha.

'Time and space are inherently one system.'

When you activate Sibulsang Blast, numerous possibilities, including the past and future, are realized in golden demarcation.

'In that state, if we use the temporality of slow magic to add another dimension... ... .'

Things that only existed as possibilities appear superimposed on the coordinates of reality.

In other words, it governs the 4-dimensional space, which is the same mechanism used by the Guffins to create the upper layer of Istas.

As the time period of the slow magic was consumed to maintain the force dimension, time passed normally, but now the problem was space.

"Damn it! Where is this!"

The feeling of intimidation when 26 people cornered one Shirone completely disappeared in the face of the reality of having to deal with 12 Shirone.

'I can fight more like this.'

The efficiency of the Force Dimension depends on the level of slow magic, and the area of ??the 4-dimensional battle space currently dominated by Shirone has reached a sphere with a diameter of 20 meters.

It's a number that can't be called big or small, but at least everyone knew that fighting in this area was suicidal.

"Everyone get out of here!"

While all participants retreated towards the outskirts of the Force Dimension, 12 Shirones searched for targets and blinked their eyes.

"The tide has turned!"

In the situation of retreating with victory in front of their eyes, Baikal was also speechless this time.

"Hwashinjutsu is not a measure of strength, but a measure of realization. So it's not like you can see the effect right away... ... ."

Miro said while following Shirone's movements.

"It has the advantage of being graftable to all magic."

'Now!'

Shirone gritted his teeth and cast a photon cannon.



4th dimensional combat formula - Quantum superposition (quantum superposition).



Then, 12 Shirones overlapping reality in the space fired flashes at Boyle at the same time.

"Ouch!"

Concentrated shocks hit his back from all sides, sending Boyle's body to the ground in a massive shock.



-Participation number 17. 2,000 broke away from the system.



The participants who managed to get out of the Force Dimension stared blankly at the fallen Boyle.

Even under such circumstances, the 12 Shirones were glaring at all the participants in the 4th dimension battle space.

'Damn it! How the hell are you going to beat a guy like that?'

In terms of having a headache, it was worse than Infercus, who simply ignorantly attacked in the first evaluation.

"All the skills learned in numerous situations are integrated into one incarnation of the Sibul statue explosion."

Miro put her chin on her chin and gave a hearty smile.

"The magic of banya started from then."

=======================================
[627] Magic of Banya (4)





"Look!"

While everyone was wary of Shirone, only Pandora ran to Boyle.

Seeing him convulsing with her face slumped to the ground, she turned around and shouted.

"Medical staff! I think I am unconscious!"

After turning Boyle over, he tried to clear his airway, but a low cry leaked out.

"Black. Whoops."

Boyle was in tears.

The appearance of not being able to lift a finger evoked even more miserable feelings in line with the eyes of numerous audiences.

"Why did I... ... ."

When I competed for the lead with Pandora in the advanced class, I couldn't even imagine such a hopeless future.

"I did my best... ... ."

The world doesn't want everyone to be happy.

"You've worked hard, Boyle."

I wasn't just talking about a year in my senior year.

"Make sure you pass, Pandora."

Sensing the sincerity of the sympathy at Boyle's last words as he was being carried away on a stretcher, Pandora glared at Shirone.

"Kuk!"

The moment his eyes met with Shirone, who was wary of his son-in-law without a hint of distraction, he had no choice but to step back without even realizing it.

'There is no chance of winning in a head-to-head match.'

In front of the harsh reality, my stomach was boiling, but the weak had their own way of fighting.

"I understand, that feeling."

After receiving first aid treatment, Mark took his seat in the audience.

"Honestly, I didn't know there would be such a difference."

Even when he was told to leave by Shirone, resentment ran through his heart, but now that he had witnessed the end of self-denial, only a miserable feeling remained.

"Don't beat yourself up too much, Mark. Think of it as a good experience."

As Mark, comforted by Maria, lowered his head while biting his molars, Sade approached.

"Maria is right."

"Mr. Sade."

I reflexively looked back, but Mark dropped his head weakly again because he couldn't bear to look at him.

"I have to admit it honestly. I did my best. But Shirone-senpai and I have different levels of talent."

"It's a talent."

Many people spit out the word talent, but no one actually says that they have that talent.

"Maybe there could be something like that. But even if there were, humans aren't that great, Mark."

Sade turned his head to look at Shirone and continued.

"No human being can create something out of nothing. That's not a talent. It's just that Shirone's experience, the number of failures, and the number of problems she had to solve were overwhelmingly greater than yours."

"experience... ... What?"

"yes. And now you too have had a valuable experience that no one else can gain through today's test."

Mark finally looked back at Sade.

"Only those who rise above failure become stronger. Skill and power aren't everything."

Then a familiar voice interrupted.

"A wizard who can respond to all variables?"

Sade looked back in surprise, and Mark and Maria exclaimed with delight.

"Senior Seriel!"

A senior who graduated from Alpheas Magic School a year ago, and Amy's best friend.

"Hello, Mr. Sade."

"yes. It's only been one year. He heard the news that he passed the accreditation. How has he been?"

"I recently got a job as an intern at the World Health Organization."

Mark's eyes widened.

'World Health Organization. You really did it.'

It was a dream job for a recovery wizard and a goal for Maria, whom he had a crush on.

"Oh, good! congratulation!"

"Hehe, I was lucky. There are a lot of issues you know about."

No one is lucky enough to get a job at the World Health Organization, and that's why Seriel's composure made her feel like someone living in another world.

'Is that the professional aura?'

It wasn't because he put on make-up and wore a suit, but his confidence came out from his way of speaking and every single one of his actions.

"Come see me after exams. Everyone will be delighted."

"Yes. I'll see you later."

When Sade left, Seriel leaned on the back of Mark's chair and looked down at the Colosseum.

'Amy. You're finally back.'

At the graduation exam a year ago, how much guilt did he feel while looking at Amy, who was eliminated early due to the collusion of gold rings?

"Senior, please sit here."

When Mark stepped aside and gave up his seat, Seriel put her shoulder bag on her lap and sat down.

"thanks. Anyway, things got weird."

"Yes. It's amazing. Shirone-senpai turned the tide of battle in an instant. On the other hand, senior Amy... ... I don't think I can show my full potential yet."

Seriel gave a bitter smile at Mark's honest evaluation.

"Your heart is too soft."

"Yes? Are you Amy senior?"

"I am still undecided."

Amy had mixed feelings as she looked at Shirone, who spread the Force Dimension and kept an eye on the enemies in all directions.

'I wish I could have said something.'

I know that there is no room for personal feelings in the graduation exam, but now everyone is an enemy to Shirone.

'Even on the day you came to see me... ... .'

Was Shirone thinking of the current situation?

"Even though she looks like fire on the outside, Amy is a child with a softer heart than me. She can't turn away when someone is having a hard time, and when she asks for forgiveness, she knows but cares for her."

After listening to Seriel's words, it was definitely so.

"It must be more disturbing because it is Shirone-senpai."

"But it's okay."

Seriel proudly watched her best friend compete fiercely in the Colosseum.

"Because Karmis won't tolerate a second mistake."

Amy's crimson eyes burned red.

'It's starting now!'

Unlike a year ago, when I was eliminated at the beginning, the current situation is equal, so there was no need to be nervous anymore.

'Because I just have to take my own graduation exam!'

With Amy moving as a signal flare, the other participants also cast teleportation simultaneously.

At the same time as Shirone rotated, Amy's fire strike hit Frings, who was aiming for Shirone's tail.

'Are you targeting me?'

Frings, who defended himself with the ice curtain, tilted his head, and Iruki, Dorothy, and Hercy attacked the other participants.

"The new system crowds out the old system."

Baikal's analysis was correct.

If you can't defeat Shirone right away, there's no need to be stubborn at the cost.

Rather, it was judged that it would be more advantageous to pass by using Shirone's system to eliminate other participants.

There was no room for emotions to intervene in only selfish judgments, and the battle began to escalate into a mess.

"Damn it! What is it?"

Screamer, still undecided, glared at Shirone in the battlefield where battles were happening simultaneously.

'I think I'll collapse if I take one shot.'

Everyone knew that Shirone was exhausted, but it was also true that he could not find a way to destroy the Quantum Super Position.

'Should I? Do you just accept it?'

Even while the screamers were in conflict, the identification of friends and enemies was happening quickly in Shirone's head.

'Anyway, there are no allies. If you're going to use me, is it better for me to hit the back?'

It's not a bad choice, but so far the number of people who oppose his system is higher.

'Let's start with neutrality.'

When Shirone targeted the screamer and rushed, he, who had been in conflict just a moment ago, hurriedly distanced himself.

'damn! I can't be the scapegoat.'

Jumping into the Force Dimension, a space dominated by Shirone, without any countermeasures was tantamount to committing suicide.

'Whoops, a monster is a monster.'

Fermi, who still had some time to spare, was confined to circling the outskirts, avoiding Shirone's territory.

'It's a four-dimensional space... ... .'

The Force Dimension that Shirone developed was a miniature version of the upper layer of Istas, where all events exist simultaneously.

The difference is that the force dimension created by Guffin uses the time period of the stop magic to have no overlapping limit.

'It'll be fun. Shall I try drilling it?'

Judging from the magic that Shirone had cast so far, it was clear that the mental strength gauge was below 10%.

'No, not yet.'

Nevertheless, the ability of Quantum Superposition was so strong that the odds could not be guaranteed, and Fermi was not the type to throw himself into an uncertain battle.

"That's Shirone."

Iruki's father Albino said with a smile.

"The fact that 26 people respond with different methodologies to a system proposed by one person means that there is not much room for digging into it."

Amy's father Shakora agreed.

"He's a kid with a huge presence. It makes perfect sense to say you have control of the battlefield."

Arganeth stabbed the albino in the side.

"Honey, don't just talk about Shirone, analyze Iruki too. He's still my father."

"You think fast. But too many."

The analysis of the son ended with that.

"by the way... ... ."

Shakora looked at Shirone, the only one in the Colosseum who could roam freely.

"The ability you are showing now will be the reason you were able to do your best in the first evaluation. Is it an improvisation or a calculated strategy from the start?"

"Maybe both."

The albino gaze followed Shirone.

"A calculating person would never choose that strategy. It's not like I pushed through without a countermeasure."

"then... ... ?"

"I just know."

The albino could guess Shirone's thoughts.

"You must have experienced countless failures, and you must have had similar successes. If you repeat that process, you will know it automatically. Know that no matter what difficulties you face, you will eventually find a solution. You will believe that yourself."

"... ... Is it an insight into oneself?"

"Yes. In Yong-roe, it is expressed that the cap of the head has been opened. In other words, it is an accident that flows freely like water."

Shakora stared at Shirone as she commanded a reaction from her enemies, dominating the battlefield.

"Awesome. Certainly Amy... ... ."

"Yes, Iruki... ... ."

both said at the same time.

"It deserves to be admired."

Shakora's head turned to the albino.

"Yes?"

The albino smiled silently as he gazed at Iruki, who was fighting by Shirone's side.

'That's a good problem, kid. Try hard.'



The calculations came and went quickly in Iruki's thoughts.

'The number to use Shirone is seven. It's best to get rid of my nemesis here. The toughest opponent... ... .'

Iruki's gaze was aimed at Dante.

'It's you.'

Dante is also the one who uses Shirone's system, but in this situation anyway, there was no meaning to have as an ally.

'Atomic Spring!'

As the flames exploded in succession, Dante got out of the way of the explosion with a neat reaction.

'Yes, I'm going to try it.'

Ever since the Royal Magic School, I thought it was an opponent I had to compete with.



Central arithmetic magic circle - Pascal.



As 200 instant magic circles, each emitting a different color, floated around, the audience erupted in cheers.

"It's a serious start."

As all sorts of magic poured out due to the action of the automaton, Iruki started teleportation in a zigzag manner.

'Pascal is a good magic.'

Iruki's Spirit Zone was doomed to Pascal.

'But you can't beat me with logic.'

Overdrive!

As electricity rushed through the circuitry that made up the brain, both eyes flashed and Pascal's batteries were analyzed in an instant.

'Cancellation!'

I thought this was the end.

"what?"

However, Pascal was still intact and was aiming at Iruki with 200 pupils raised.

'Did you set a password?'

A security device using the knot theory was tripled in Pascal's circuit.

"Couldn't you have prepared for it?"

After saying that, Dante spread his arms and flew over Pascal, and 200 amplification magic circles overlapped in the form of a tunnel.

Ultra-precise serial magic circle white sword.

"If you are the extreme of logic, I am the architect who handles it."

Hey hey hey!

A fire strike that went through 200 magic circles in series was amplified and fired with 189 times the power.

=======================================
[628] Two Systems (1)





Iruki calculated the detonation equation while glaring at the fire strike, which grew in size in an instant.

'Nuclear Fusion!'

Fire Strike's body swelled like a balloon and a powerful explosion occurred.

"Keugh!"

The shock of anti-magic hit the minds of all the participants who had already left.

'I avoided... ... .'

The 2,000 times system was powerful enough to judge the entire Colosseum as an attack.

"Are you going to try to finish it?"

Starting from the huge explosion, a melee of biting and biting each other ensued, and even during that time, Fermi was still relaxed.

'It's boring enough to be free.'

He had deliberately put on the brakes at the final juncture of passing every year, so it was rather comfortable now that he had lifted the limit.

'Wait, won't it be graduation if only 16 people are defeated?'

Why do other students make a fuss about such an easy task?

Blue lightning shimmered in front of Fermi's eyes, and the lichen approached with spark magic and swung his hand.

Fermi, who opened the distance with his amazing reflexes, blew his burnt bangs and said.

"Isn't it too soon? If you stick with me, graduation will be over the water."

Sona's Hercy approached from Fermi's side.

"Because that's your strategy."

With Fermi, who had so far dominated the graduation exams, it was only natural that participants would be reluctant to engage in a head-to-head confrontation.

"But your time is gone. If we push you, everyone will attack you."

'It annoys me.'

Hercy's analysis was correct, and the struck Fermi said with a pretentious eye smile.

"Look at me. There's such a thing as old love, right?"

"gibberish. Do you have any feelings like that?"

Fermi's shoulders shook as Hersie activated her sonar and Lichen covered her face with rubber tights.

"Quack. Kkkkkkkkk."

"Don't be bluffing. All you have left is a miserable end."

Laughter broke out and stopped.

"Unlike things."

Fermi's emotionless face was cold enough to be considered human.

"Kill!"

The horrified Hersie shouted, and the lichen charged at Fermi with a lightning bolt.

'Magma Stream.'

The ground where Fermi pointed his palm melted rapidly, and an enormous amount of magma gushed out.

"It's advanced fusion magic."

Combining the air and fire systems required a veteran's proficiency beyond the level of magic.

"Out-of-regulation eaters. Money buys experience."

A huge amount of magma clumped together from the sky and poured down towards the place where Hercy and Licorn were.

"Harm!"

As the lava embedded in the ground quickly spread and engulfed the entire Colosseum, everyone soared into the sky.

Between Shirone and Fermi, the two systems controlling the circumstances of the graduation exam, the participants' heads became complicated.

'Which side should I stick to?'

Canis didn't worry.

"I hit Shirone."

Harvest spread a huge palm.

"Heuk, shouldn't we have to avenge Arcane?"

Arin thought it was dangerous.

"Kanis, fighting Shirone right now... ... ."

"I know what you want to say. I'm stubborn, and I'm not good at reasoning."

"That's not what I meant. Why do you keep belittling yourself?"

This kind of appearance of Kanis broke my heart the most.

"That's why we fight. If I step back from here... ... I don't think I will be satisfied no matter what I do in the future."

Looking at Canis' menstruation, where the dirty water was slapping, Arin eventually had no choice but to bend his will.

"Okay, let's go. Because this is our fight."

As always, Harvest took on the role of the vanguard.

"Ha ha ha! We are here, Shirone!"

Tension rose in Shirone's eyes as he checked Canis.

'As expected of Canis.'

He was a wizard who polished his magic only for combat, and a master of mental strength who competed for the top of the senior class.

"It's a revenge battle, Shirone."

"However much."

The Photon Cannon and the Power of Darkness struck head-on.

When the contrast between black and white became clear with neither being pushed back, the scouts murmured with surprised expressions.

"How could that be?"

Most of the magic is overpowered, but one disadvantage of being weak to light overshadows all the advantages of dark magic.

'My darkness overcomes the light.'



Book of Light and Darkness - Incarnation Reversal.



When the battery of heaven that led Arcane to the Archmage long ago was installed, the forces of darkness began to drive out the light.

"Hahaha! OK, this is it!"

Harvest's body, which roared with arms wide open, twisted like a twist and turned into a sharp spear and rushed in.

-Drill it through, Harvest!

Numerous Shirones simultaneously cast their photon cannons at the same time, but the spears of shadow did not even budge.

"It is swallowing the light. That number 12, that's incredible strength."

Elizabeth searched Kanis' records.

"I am a disciple of Viltor Arcane. He also showed off his extraordinary ability in physical strength. He was so stubborn."

If physical strength was the dominant force in the matchmaking world, there would be no other person like Arcane, who had risen to the rank of archmage through dark magic.

"Certainly, a confrontation between opposite sexes is different from power. It's a battle of who can carry it through."

"I win this time, Shirone!"

The more Canis concentrated, the faster Harvest turned into a spear of shadows.

"No, Canis."

Shirone's movement stopped, and numerous Shirones overlapped in the Force Dimension disappeared as if evaporating.

"I will not lose to anyone."

When I put my right hand behind me with my center of gravity lowered, dozens of Shirones started overlapping with afterimages as if vibrating.

'Concentrate all events on one coordinate.'

As if an earthquake had occurred, Shirone's body trembled, and a photon cannon was born outside the palm of her hand.

"That's right."

Miro said, pointing at the sky with his index finger.

"Extremes meet at the top."

The ability to engrave time into space had something in common with the incarnation of the Thousand-Handed Guanyin.

The difference is that Shirone's quantum superposition superimposes the entire event itself, and in this way, the magic concentrated in one coordinate expands into a huge sphere.



Quantum Super Position - 128 stacks.



The power equivalent to as many as 128 Shirones throwing their photon cannons at the same time was embodied in a 2-meter-diameter flash and extended toward Harvest.

"Take it away, Harvest!"

"Keeeeeeeeeee!"

The spear of shadow spun with sharp spines behind it, and a huge flash of light swallowed it whole.

Numerous eyes watched the clash of light and darkness.



tinnitus.

"uh?"

The beep seemed to connect both eardrums.

I couldn't see, and after a while I came to the conclusion that my whole body had lost sensation.

"... ... Canis!"

Arin's voice was heard high in the sky.

'what? Why do I hear a sound from above?'

I tried to remember, but the moment Harvest collided with the photon cannon, my thoughts were paralyzed as if my brain had been removed from the body.

'Where am I now?'

I shake my face, but I'm not sure if my body actually follows me.

Fortunately, after a while, my eyesight slowly returned.

It was only after another time had passed that I was certain that I was lying in the middle of a lava field created by cooling magma.

'Falled? I? Why?'

"Canis! Harm!"

The moment I heard Arin's voice clearly, a flash of light rushed from the sky.

"Keugh!"

Harvest appeared in front of Canis, who raised her upper body, and took the Photon Cannon with her body.

"Aaaaaagh!"

As the nerves in my body awoke, realistic pain rushed in.

'Nonsense.'

In other words, the shock he received before he lost consciousness was not real at all.

-Canis, are you okay?

Harvest's signal came through the mental channel.

-What happened?

-I couldn't break through. pushed out of strength I couldn't move because you lost consciousness.

"I... ... You said you were pushed?"

Even though they offset the compatibility between the classes by deciphering the books of light and darkness, they were completely defeated.

"Now! Hit Shirone!"

The contestants who were looking for an opportunity with Canis cutting off the start rushed at the same time.

Even in the midst of Screamer, Conger, and Frings' pincer attack and Arin's mental attack, Shirone's eyes became clearer.

"Is this a wizard capable of responding to all variables?"

Although they were proud of one organ, Shirone was not pushed back while dealing with all of them one-on-one.

Elizabeth said in a trembling voice.

"My mental strength is recovering. It's already over 30 percent. It's Runner's High."

A light flashed in Shirone's eyes.

'Immortal Function!'

The mental power rushing in from the infinite realm further strengthened concentration and the efficiency of the Force Dimension soared.

"36 percent! 40 percent! I keep recovering!"

Everything that makes up Shirone, such as Ataraxia, Elysion, Sibul Statue Explosion, and Immortal Function, is circulating.

"... ... Is it a flawless system?"

In fact, even in the state of being caught up in the attacks of the enemies, Shirone's mind was getting clearer.

'weird.'

I couldn't analyze it logically, but it felt as if everyone's hostile movements had nothing to do with my situation.

'I don't think I'll lose. I don't think it's dangerous.'

"The head cap is completely open."

The albino muttered as he stroked his chin, and Miro's eyes lit up as if he had found a jewel.

"I started hearing the beating of my heart."

Foltar turned around as if seeking an explanation, but Miro saw only Shirone's fluid movements.

'The time perceived by the brain is split into the heart. That is the identity of rhythm.'

Therefore, those who can hear the heartbeat... ... .

"You can split all the time into your own rhythm."

'Damn it! It only takes one room properly... ... !'

The screamer pushed Shirone with all his might, but even with all his might, he couldn't touch a hair.

He was trapped in the rhythm of Shirone.

"Please get hit!"

As the screamer's body charged fiercely, causing afterimages, Shirone's rhythm split even more closely.

'Avoid here.'

A fist passed by the undoubted anchorage, and the variable beat that split the middle of the beat became anchorage again, subdividing time.

"Oohhhh!"

No matter how fast the screamer moved, it was just a puppet that was already trapped in the rhythm of the Shirone.

"It's okay."

Baikal said.

"Even the one-hit killer technique is useless if it doesn't match."

The feeling of being incapacitated by the martial arts he had trained all his life for was the worst misery in a screamer's life.

"I can't do this! How can I not get hit... ... !"

Other participants are also accusing Shirone with violent magic, but all that time was just an individual incident to Shirone.

'Ah, that's right. I... ... .'

Shirone's movement in a trance was like dancing, and since it was an art, not a technique, there could be no waste.

"To do this short, fleeting dance... ... ."

Albino realized what kind of life Shirone lived.

"I had to fill most of my life with painful experiences."

Miro exhaled.

"... ... A privilege that only you can enjoy."

"I am... ... !"

A light of conviction exploded in Shirone's head.

"The strongest!"



Quantum superposition? 240 stacks.



Deed deed deed deed!

Following the body twisting Shirone, 239 Shirone focused their photon cannons on a single coordinate.

As he swung his arm in that state, a huge flash of light stretched out and hit the screamer's abdomen.

"Gagging!"

Screamer's eyes widened as if they would pop out at the shock of an explosion in his brain, and his consciousness was already blown away.



-Participation numbers 10 and 2,000 have departed from the system.



The contestants who felt terrified at the sight of the screamer sprawled out turned their heads with pale faces.

"The strongest?"

It's hard to believe that it came from a humble personality, but there was nothing rough about the power of dozens of Shirones charging.

"yes. It's your festival, Shirone."

Miro saw that he deserved it.

"Run like a mad colt."

=======================================
[629] Two Systems (2)





Within the Force Dimension, Shirone dominates space and time, and no one seemed to be able to break the absoluteness of that dimension.

Shirone and Fermi were two huge axes that controlled the battlefield, and the goals of the participants could not be thought of without them.

"It is tight. Syrone and Fermi, both are unwavering."

Etella answered Shiina's words.

"It is Fermi who is facing more numbers. Conversely, it can be seen that the participants are more reluctant to Shirone."

Alfeas, who was sitting crookedly, raised one corner of his mouth.

"The water has risen. That I am the strongest."

When those words first came out of Shirone's mouth, no teacher would have doubted their ears.

"I have already broken through the limits of tension. He probably has no thoughts other than passing."

"no."

Alpheas' thoughts were different from Olivia's.

"I don't even have that in my head."

As the 200 light widths overlap, they pulsate through a wall of material that cannot even be described as a mass wave, and Conger and Phringe stumble.

'It looks like it was hit by a lump of metal.'

In reality, the body would have been smashed first.

"Shirone!"

Canis, who cast Limit of Abyss, rushed in with a temporary immortal function.

'Win! In the name of Master!'

As the huge dark worm, which was embodied as a member of the dark circle, attacked in an arch, Shirone's movements stopped.

"Me-oh!"

Foltar flinched, but Maze was relaxed.

"It's not a rhythm that will be broken like this."

A crack opened in the dark worm's shadow, and a beam of light exploded, completely dispelling the darkness.

"A triumph of strength."

Arin's mind, which cast mind control, was destroyed as it was counterattacked by Geumgangtae's spirit.

"The Triumph of Mental Power."

The Shining Chain destroyed all of Conger's steel wires and flew in, striking his stomach.

"The Triumph of Delicacy."

The homing photon cannon flew around the ice wave and bombarded the springs without mercy.

"The Triumph of Sensitivity."

Baikal's evaluation made Elizabeth shudder.

"It dominates in all areas."

The situation of subduing competitors' organs with the same organs came unrealistic to scouts.

"Why wasn't there any resentment?"

Because it was Alpheas, who was once called a genius, he was able to understand Shirone's heart.

"Why didn't you want to give up? That he is a human too."

Shirone, who single-handedly pushed the enemies, fired a photon cannon while biting her molars.

'I can't be a wizard!'

There were 20 years of thinking.

"Gagging!"



-Participation number 6. 2,000 broke away from the system.



Starting with Konger losing consciousness, Shirone's flashes rushed in even faster.



- Participation number 12. 2,000 broke away from the system.



Canis collapses.



- Participation number 8. 2,000 broke away from the system.



Arin knelt down.

"My mental strength continues to recover. 46 percent. 48 percent."

The three elements of mind, spirit, and body circulated endlessly around the incarnation, forming infinite power.

"I guess you're asking if I really did my best."

The albino said with a meaningful smile.

"I think you're asking me if I know how long I've lived."

Elizabeth's voice rose.

"Participation number 18! 20 times! You're eliminated!"

Binder and Suabi, devoured by the Force Dimension, fell unconscious from Shirone's blow.

'They're all dying, it's just.'

Luman escaped the Force Dimension as if he were running away, and Frings, the only survivor within the rhythm of Shirone, did not dare to approach twice.

"Things are getting interesting."

Miro's eyes turned to Fermi.

'What are you going to do? Then you... ... Are they really eaten?'

If Syrone got his system through, perhaps all the participants would open fire on Fermi.

'Hmm, is this a graduation test?'

Even so, Fermi was relaxed, and frowned as if he was tired of Hercy pushing him.

"What a monster."

Even though Lichen and Richard, former members of the Golden Ring, joined, the situation was still under Fermi's control.

At that moment, Fermi's cold gaze was aimed at Hersy.

"It's kids' play. Like two thousand times."



Calamity Magic - Black Death (Black Death).



Black smoke rose from Fermi's body and spread in all directions.

"what... ... !"

The teachers jumped to their feet and the Scout's eyes widened.

"Isn't that black magic?"

"I know it has already been lost."

It was the magic of Carnes, the sorceress of the black line who once traveled around the world and slaughtered as many as 3 million people.

Fermi tore his mouth wickedly.

"This is the power of money."

Smoke spread as if an explosion had occurred in the center, and black demons came out from the outside of the cumulus cloud.

"Harm! If you get caught, it's over!"

All participants escaped the smoke, but only a few escaped the demon.

"No. 15 (closer) eliminated! No. 23 (Hercy) eliminated! No. 13 (Dorothy) is eliminated! Number 19 (Pandora) eliminated!"

At the same time, in a situation where four players were eliminated, scouts began to review the rules.

"Can I use black magic?"

In reality, the participants who were possessed by evil spirits would have died in the pain of rotting flesh.

"There is no problem with the regulations as long as two thousand times can be implemented. However, it is a magic that has been banned from the red line, so I think there will be some talk later."

Lara said.

"Black Death is evil because it cannot be targeted arbitrarily. So it is strong. The dropouts will be furious."

"I can't see it being particularly unlucky."

Said Baikal, looking at Shirone and Fermi alternately.

"Anyway, they were the ones who chose number 1."

As the effect of Black Death disappeared, the battle entered a lull.

It was because the minds of the participants were complicated while 9 people were eliminated due to the attack of Shirone and Fermi.

'Now there are 16 survivors left.'

Graduation was guaranteed if six more students fell.

'For me to come all the way here.'

That's why Maya, who had to earn the stigma of being the first to drop out of the graduation exam every year, had a pounding heart.

She felt that she benefited from the interlocking of Fermi and Shirone's systems, but it was not a major issue for her.

"Chief, I think my sister might pass."

The mystery tribesmen sitting in the corner of the audience seat gathered their hands together with desperate eyes.

"Maya... ... ."

Although he was unfamiliar with magic, he could confirm that Maya's skills were inferior even with the chief's eyes.

'Poor kid.'

Maya is a genius, but the place she was meant to be was not on a battlefield where cool-headedness reigns.

'I will definitely pass.'

For the sake of the people of her tribe, she could accept her fate as much as she wanted, but the reality was harsh.

'Mayada.'

'We have to eliminate Maya first.'

Eliminating the weakest Maya in a situation where the probability of acceptance increases dramatically even if only one person falls is the standard.

As Fishaw, Luman, and Sabina attacked from three directions, Maya felt her eyes go dark.

'I can't fall from here!'

With desperate determination, Cayden blocked Maya's way and started attacking the three.

"why?"

The most incomprehensible thing about this graduation exam was Cayden's response.

I heard rumors that the faction led by Fermi was disbanded, but the biggest reason she was able to come this far because of her poor skills is because Caden always appeared at the decisive moment and preoccupied the position.

'It must be a coincidence.'

There was no reason for Caden to fight for himself, whom he was not particularly close to, in the graduation exam, where personal feelings were not allowed.

"The confrontation structure is getting complicated."

It was the biggest turning point in the graduation exam, and it was the point at which the distinction between peers truly disappeared.

'Rapid Stream!'

Dark blue water whirled around Pony and violently swept it in all directions.

'Mother, are you watching? To see your daughter carve out a future for herself.'

"Gross weight 4.2 tons. Torrent coefficient 3.3. Kinetic energy per unit area is 983 water per cubic meter."

Elizabeth analyzed it, but Baikal did not answer.

"Please evaluate. Currently only 11 ratings are unrecorded."

"... ... It is S."

"Yes?"

Lara turned her head in surprise.

"There was an order from above."

Pony was royalty.

"But... ... ."

"The powers of the royal family exceed those of the Society. Write it as S."

Baikal was also not to my liking.

"It is the reality of royal rule. Don't analyze number 11 from now on. No matter what grade you give, all magical institutions under the kingdom will bow their heads and take you there."

"... ... All right."

As Lara wrote in the notebook, Baikal added a word.

"Of course, I have to pass first, but I mean."

In a situation where the final 10th place was in sight, it was a foolish choice to challenge Shirone and Fermi, and there was still no dropout in the fierce battle of notice.

'For now, graduation is confirmed.'

Having already grasped the situation, Fermi lazily traversed the chaotic battlefield, waiting for others to self-destruct.

"yes?"

Then the flashes of the Photon Cannon rushed in.

'Ghost Movement!'

He tilted his upper body with an automatic response algorithm and saw Shirone flying into his eyes.

'Fermi. I won't pass as much as you.'

Evil filled Fermi's eyes after reading Shirone's thoughts.

'As expected, he's an excellent idiot!'

The audience's attention was focused when the two people who received the S grade in the scout's evaluation collided head-on.

There could be no disagreement about Fermi's ability to use numerous high-level magic like magic and deal with the Quantum Super Position.

"It's definitely number one."

The more that happened, the more Shirone's anger grew.

'I can't forgive you!'

All of Fermi's magic was purchased from the defeat of the students who did their best for six years.

'Yes, I know. You must hate me.'

Imagining Shirone's fury, Fermi conjured up an even more sinister idea in a chilling shudder.

'If blocking the opponent's desire is victory... ... .'



Calamity Magic - Black Death.



'I'll pass the exam with a smile, Shirone!'

Black smoke rose, and evil spirits born from the evil energy spread out in all directions.

If 6 people were eliminated here, even if Shirone killed herself, she would not be able to prevent her from passing.

'Amgu!'

As many as 200 Shirones cast Dark Ball at the same time, Black Death's smoke rotated like a whirlpool and was sucked in.

'You're really struggling, Shirone.'

Fermi snorted and charged at Shirone.

'Yeah, but you can't drop me. Any magic other than ataraxia won't work.'

At that moment, the incarnation of a light angel rose hugely from Shirone's body, which had destroyed the Force Dimension.

"I-what is that?"

The eyes of those watching widened at the scene where the incarnation, which had only spread over time, revealed its true nature for the first time.

'more! Faster!'

As the sequence raced at a terrifying speed, the light angel spread its wings and soared high into the sky.

"Finally integrated."

Miro's eyes twinkled.

It was the moment when the true incarnation technique, the particle of God, Shirone's omniscience, was grafted onto the incarnation of the light angel.

The light angel who flew up to the top of the Colosseum lifted his spear and aimed it at the ground. As the time machine was converted into a space machine, tremendous kinetic energy began to be concentrated on the spear.

'What is that again?'

Fermi, who was looking up at the light angel, realized something and cast teleportation.

"Sir... ... !"



Incarnation - Angelic Punishment.



The spear pierced by the light angel ran at a speed that the eye could not keep up with, connecting the beginning and end of the coordinates with a line of light.

"Quaaaaagh!"

At the same time, Fermi's body, which had been moving in a flash, was pierced by the spear of light, like a fish pierced by a harpoon.

"I plugged it in while teleporting!"

The terminal speed beyond common sense, and the power generated by that speed sprinted, leaving a tail of 0 on Elizabeth's retinas.

12,000,000 crashes.

=======================================
[630] Two Systems (3)





Even if it was 2,000 times, the power of two-thirds of the photon cannon cast by Ataraxia would not be able to handle.

"Aaaaaagh!"

When Fermi collapsed on the floor and struggled, without hesitation anyone stopped the battle and looked around.

"Fermiga... ... ."

He is screaming and suffering.

Students who knew him, as well as teachers, saw the sight for the first time, and the Colosseum was enveloped in silence.

"12 million crashes?"

In reality, the entire radius would have been devastated. Rather, it was fortunate that it was 2,000 times converted into numbers.

"Power is not the issue. It doesn't have much mass, but it plunged at a speed far exceeding the speed of sound."

If God's punishment uses high-altitude potential energy, angel's punishment creates kinetic energy through the reversal of time and space.

The power itself is nothing compared to God's punishment, but the precision strike ability using incarnation and the high-speed projectile that cannot be avoided even with instant movement were insufficient to explain even with the name of over power.

"haha."

Glaring at Fermi, who was spreading across the ground and shivering, Shirone let out a rough breath.

The incarnation is a state, but the angel's punishment had to consume mental power because it was grafted with magic.

"It's down to a percentage figure of 27 percent."

'Inconsiderate.'

For a moment, the meaning of the world was blocked and mental power began to recover through Immortal Function.

"30 percent. 32 percent. It goes up again."

Elizabeth was no longer surprised.

"It's a near-perfect mechanism."

It wasn't just the use of high-efficiency magic, but numerous functions were endlessly combined as needed.

"Aaaaaaa!"

When Fermi stood up screaming, the audience felt fear as if they were reading a scene from a horror novel.

"You said you endured that?"

Elizabeth reported.

"Spirit gauge is 50%. It's magic."

It was impossible to fill half of the mental power without an equivalent exchange.



The Deal of Depreciation - The Devil's Penalty.



The efficiency of magic could be doubled by giving up the ownership of all the property earned through eating out, but once cast, magic was magic accompanied by the risk of contract cancellation.

"I changed my mind."

Fermi only glared at Shirone.

"I will drop you."



Transactions in depreciation-detonation strength.



Kururrureung!

Dense dark clouds swirled in the sky, filled with flames as if on fire, and a blizzard of lightning raged.

"Climate magic detonation force. The damn black line."

The red line archmages are supported by the kingdom, but the black line wizards have always needed money.

Of course, the archmage Pentaros, who was also ranked in the top 100 most dangerous people in the world, wouldn't pass on magic for a mere piece of gold, but it was also true that he would lend it for free if it was interesting.

"I made a deal with the intention of destroying the balance of the graduation exam. This is a clear attack on the red line. We have to protest against Pentaros at the association level."

"The agreement was not broken. Because he didn't come out on his own. Anyway, that's not the problem. Detonation steel controls all phenomena in the natural world."

Fermi floated up like a god and looked down at Shirone.

"die."

Flames of fire fell simultaneously with lightning strikes, and sharp hailstones rained recklessly like a localized shower.

As the wind, sharper than the blade, swept past, Shirone's mental strength gauge began to degrade horribly.

'It is a great power. I'll be pushed away like this.'

It is time to counterattack, but Fermi was not even visible because it was buried in dark clouds.

"Ha ha ha ha ha! How does it feel to be a frog in the well?"

In front of the ferocious phenomena created by nature, other participants could not even dare to dig into them.

"it's annoying. What kind of graduation exam does magic like that appear in?"

As Luman said, it was the highest level of magic on the black line, and even the teachers at the magic school could not guess the power of magic that went against the laws of nature.

"Great overpower. Fermi won't last long either."

"The percentage numbers are dropping fast. Calculated at my current pace, I will be exhausted in 5 minutes."

Ignoring the aftermath, I only intended to drop Shirone.

'I can't give up here!'

As he burrowed into the dark clouds of the detonation river, a huge electric charge clung to him, and electricity flowed through his entire body.

"The only way to catch a demon is to go to hell."

"Shirone's mental strength is rapidly depleting. Exhausted after 3 minutes."

The sound of thunder from the dark clouds echoed through the Colosseum.



'I won, Shirone.'

Fermi looked at Shirone's increasingly pale face with pleasure.

'Should I do another year? Let's have fun together.'

After this battle, he will be eliminated as well, but wouldn't hell be a fun place with Shirone?

"Huh!"

As Shirone, who opened the immortal function, squeezed the photon cannon with all her might, Fermi quickly retreated.

'It's enough to avoid it.'

At that moment, my head started spinning and the landscape was distorted dizzily.

"what... ... ?"

"It's about time."

Boyle, sitting in the audience, turned to Pandora.

"Is it time?"

"Scent magic, paralyzing pleasure. It's a strategy Master Mael taught me. It's colorless and odorless, so you won't be poisoned without knowing it. The downside is that it takes a long time."

"To Fermi?"

"I accumulated little by little. Because it was the only way I could fight. I didn't even get to that level in the end... ... ."

Pandora looked up at the detonation river.

"At least bite your heels."

"Big!"

A photon cannon flew right in front of Fermi, who twisted his nose.

"Aaaaaaa!"

He screamed and leaned his upper body as if it would break, and a flash of light passed by his ear.

'I'm not the type to be bitten by insects!'

When Fermi spread his arms wide, the detonation river rumbled and a powerful electric shock struck Shirone.

"finished!"

1 second to here.

'Poetry of fire!'

Shirone, who approached with numerous golden lines, compressed the single-shot Photon Cannon.

"this... ... !"

Back and forth, each time I calculated the space to avoid in my head, the afterimage of Shirone scattered in all directions, and finally, a flash of light pierced Fermi's abdomen.

"Gagging!"



- Participation number 1. 2,000 broke away from the system.



There was shock in everyone's eyes looking up at the dark clouds.

"Fermiga... ... I was eliminated."

When the dark clouds over the detonation river disappeared and Fermi fell to the ground, everyone who knew him was stunned.

"Fermi's Eating Out Diet is definitely a wonderful magic."

Alpheas looked at the end of his student and said bitterly.

"But a wizard's pride cannot be bought with money."

In the consciousness of moving away, Fermi caught sight of Shirone floating in the position of the victor.

'Incarnation art.'

And numerous magics associated with that incarnation.

"That... ... ."

Fermi's eyes closed.

'I can't buy it no matter how much I pay.'

With a thud, his body fell to the ground.

No one accepted him, and he was just watching indifferently as he lost consciousness.

"Porridge, is it dead?"

Olivia answered the questions from the audience.

"The impact was smaller than expected. It's an automatic response algorithm."

Alpheas burst out laughing.

"I really can't stand it."

It could be said that it was Fermi-like that he was so confident and was thinking about the possibility of defeat.

"Keugh!"

Shirone, who had landed on the ground, grabbed his chest and throbbed.

"I'm pretty weak. Well, it's natural."

No matter how excellent the system was, the recovery efficiency was bound to continue to drop.

'Now there are 15 left. Fermi is out and Syrone is tired.'

It was the moment when graduation became a reality in everyone's head.

'5 people, 5 people have to be eliminated.'

While everyone was looking at each other, Luman raised the corner of his mouth.

'The team is down, but... ... .'

From the start, crowd control technicians didn't need allies.

'I control the battlefield!'



Crowd Control - Anthill.



As Luman concentrated, his flesh trembled, and a huge amount of soil rose from the outside of the Colosseum and covered it in the shape of a dome.

"It's a great size."

"It is a maze with anti-magic applied. That would be difficult to get out of."

The fact that the crowd control wizards came to the fore meant that they had perfect confidence.

"damn! What are you thinking?"

Confined in a hemispherical labyrinth where no light enters, each participant casts Shining Magic.

'Hehe, the clever guy.'

Only Fjord, located in the center of the dome, realized his intention and shook his shoulders.

"You dare to use me?"

But it was an excellent strategy that I had no choice but to follow.

"Then I'd be happy... ... ."

Fjord's hands drew a circle, radiating green light.



Mass destruction magic? Fryers.



A huge amount of toxic gas exploded around him and sped through the complex tunnel.

"It's poison magic! The mental strength levels of most of the participants are dropping rapidly."

"Does the one who perseveres graduate?"

"Aaaaaaa!"

It is not possible to look inside the anthill, but the audience's faces turn pale at the sound of screams coming through the walls.

'exit! Where is the exit?'

In addition to being in a three-dimensional maze, anti-magic was hung on the walls, so it was difficult to clearly identify the location even in the Spirit Zone.

"Not a bad situation."

Richard, who had detoxified the poison coming into his body, spewed gas through the exit port on his side, and Fisho walked around the dark tunnel wearing a large beetle that detoxifies the poison like a gas mask.

"I will end here."



Insect Magic - Parasite.



Half of his right arm was mushy and crumbled to a paste, then transformed into the upper half of an insect resembling a pill bug.

It was a parasite called Argones, given to him by his teacher Keylor.

"Fisho!"

Amy jumped out of one of the six tunnels and stopped.

'A fisho, of course.'

Her crimson eyes flashed quickly, but the shock of the deadly poison was dropping her mental power faster than that.

'I'm at a disadvantage here.'

In addition to being an enclosed space, it was a loss to face a fisho that could detoxify the poison.

'Is the scapegoat Amy?'

If I were to judge my feelings toward her as likes or dislikes, they were always close to likes.

'He always works hard.'

To put it likewise, it was the heart of an older brother who had compassion for his younger sister.

"It's a pity. You were unlucky to meet me."

"You are talking nonsense! Where is the luck for the graduation exam?"

Seeing Amy, who was still strong, relieved her conscience a little.

"I won't treat you harshly."

When Fisho raised his right arm, Argones opened his jaw wide and let out a groan.



'I need to find Maya!'

Cayden ran frantically through the tunnel of the anthill, looking for Maya.

'I won't be able to stand it.'

It was not a shock that Maya, who was weak in spirit, could not handle, even if the other participants did not know.

'wait! Maya!'

Cayden moved his feet even faster as he calmed down his mind, which had been disturbed by the shock of the deadly poison.



'That's it.'

Falling down in the clearing of the anthill, Maya blinked like a dying animal.

I did my best, but it was a pitiful test in which luck was everything rather than skill.

'Now I won't be able to go to school anymore.'

Since he has to feed his younger siblings, he will have to go back to the Mystic Tribe and do business.

At that moment, footsteps were heard, and someone's silhouette shimmered in the poisonous gas.

'I can't even fight anyway.'

"Maya?"

The moment she heard the voice, her eyes widened.

"Shirone?"

Seeing Shirone's face approaching without warning, his heart started to beat.

'no. How hard I've endured... ... .'

Maybe someone more precious than life.

"Maya, are you okay?"

A friendly voice unbolts the bolts.

"Huh, black."

In the end, Maya, who was crying, cried like an idiot.

"To Shirone... ... ."

=======================================
[631] What Really Matters (1)





Fire mist heated the air and fire strikes rained down on the fish.

'I can't cast insect magic anyway!'

Since it was a fisho that handles creatures, it was the same that its skills were limited in places where toxic gas spread.

'One thing bothers me... ... .'

It was an ugly form of insect that was attached instead of Fisho's right arm.

'Is it a parasite?'

If you put a poisonous insect on your face and detoxify the gas, the insect connected to your body will also be able to survive.

"It's no use, Amy."

Although he was hit by several fire strikes, Fisho did not waver.

'It's an ability I've never seen before.'

If it was a living organism parasitic on the body, there was no problem with the determination of incarnation.

'Then I'll cut you off!'

Key eh eh!

As Fisho's arms stretched out, Argones popped out with his jaw wide open.

"About this much!"

It was an easy dodge for the schema user, and Amy approached Fisho and slammed his arm into the capital.

It had the power to break bones, but surprisingly, there were no bones.

'What the hell?'

The moment he felt a soft sensation, Fishaw grabbed Amy with the other hand.

'You're going to try boxing?'

Amy twisted her legs to increase rotational power, and when she lifted Fishaw's abdomen, there was a pop and a fist pierced his stomach.

Goosebumps at the grotesque sensation took a while for Amy to make a cold-hearted decision.

'I have to burst my heart!'

The hand that penetrated his stomach grabbed Fishaw's heart, but all he felt was a soft sensation again.

"I am no longer human."

The moment he heard Fisho's grave voice, Argones bit Amy on the back.

"Huh!"

"Do not be afraid. Because you passed the test."

The fist in her stomach slid out, and the expression on Amy's face disappeared.

"As my faithful servant."

Alien creature Argones.

This creature, which was first reported to the academic world 230 years ago, is estimated to have flown from outside the solar system on a meteorite, and boasts a strong enough activity to maintain life force while breaking through the atmosphere.

It kneads the cells of the host and changes the body into a completely different biological material, but since the appearance remains the same, the academic world predicts that there will be a significant number of humans infected with Argones.

"you... ... you... ... ."

Amy desperately moved her frozen tongue.

"How wonderful. Remaining conscious even in an infected state."

Argones parasitic on the body of the host infiltrates the pilot insert into other organisms and takes control of the central nervous system.

'no. I lost control.'

I kept trying to back up my self-image memories, but my body couldn't move as I wanted.

"Don't struggle. Because only you suffer."

Like a child blindly trusting its mother, her body reacted to Fishaw's instructions.

"In my body... ... what are you doing... ... I did."

When Fisho raised his right arm, the dough-like form gradually returned to that of a human.

"Even lifespan is, after all, nothing more than a function created during the evolution of cells. Argones, which has no life expectancy itself, assimilates into the body of the host and maintains vital activity forever."

It was a kind of eternal life.

"But it's only theoretical."

Fishaw lowered his arm helplessly.

"The human body, in which cell division has stopped, continues to accumulate errors, and one day I too will become a vegetative person covered with cancer cells."

That was the fate of humans who accepted Argones.

"do not worry. You're not going to be a monster like me. When the test is over, I'll extract it for you."

"Only... ... on the test... ... to pass... ... ."

"I just donated my body for the advancement of biology. When the graduation exams are over, you will be put in a quarantine facility."

One day, cancer cells will spread to the brain and burn it, but Fisho's intellectual curiosity was strong enough to surpass it.

"Let's go, Amy."

Driven by a genetic urge to obey, Amy slowly turned and followed Pishaw.



* * *



"To Shirone... ... ."

Shirone knelt down in front of Maya, who was crying with tears running down her nose, and touched her forehead.

"It's too hard... ... . I want to stop... ... ."

People in the world revere wizards, but Maya, who lived with them, was sick of hearing the word magic.

"Everyone is crazy. I think I'll go crazy if I stay any longer."

Even Shirone knew that it was a world that could not be endured with an ordinary mind.

"It's not long. little bit more... ... ."

"I can't. My tribe, my siblings, I can't think of anything anymore."

Maya closed her eyes and sobbed.

"I'm just... ... a little more of you... ... I want to love you... ... ."

Maya will not be able to hold out.

"finally... ... Song... ... to call... ... hard... ... ."

Looking at Maya who was twitching her limbs, Shirone made a decision.

"Let's go, Maya."

It wasn't a bad situation for Shirone either, as the combination of Luman's anthill and Fjord's toxic gas would weaken the spirits of her rivals.

'I can't love you... ... .'

As I refocused my mental powers, which had been recovered for a while, the incarnation of a light angel rose up and aimed a spear at the outside.

'Elysion!'

Jikji's senses broke through the anti-magic and captured Luman's location outside the anthill.

"I can give you one more chance."



Incarnation - Angelic Punishment.



Luman's eyes widened as he escaped the anthill as the window of light penetrated the inside wall.

"what!"

By the time he uttered the sound, the flash had already passed through his torso.

"Gagging!"



- Entry No. 16. 2,000 broke away from the system.



When Luman lost consciousness, the anthill disappeared as if it were collapsing, and the confined participants quickly looked around.

'Sheesh, you hit Luman. I just had to hold on a little longer.'

If I dragged on for another 10 minutes, there would have been a dropout, and it was a situation where I could graduate easily.

'Maya! What about Maya?'

Cayden only thought of Maya, and when he found her in Shirone's arms, he looked incomprehensible.

"why... ... ?"

On the other hand, Iruki quickly grasped the situation.

"That's how it happened."

Eliminating Luman to save Maya.

'A clear emotional judgment. If that's also the privilege of the strong, it's not an issue... ... .'

It was true that I was regretful because I wanted to graduate together.

'Are you really going to be okay? It's definitely a handshake this time.'

Shirone put Maya down slowly.

"This is all I can do."

"Shirone... ... ."

I couldn't analyze it accurately like Iruki, but I could tell by feeling that Shirone had sacrificed something.

"Hold on a little longer. So that you don't regret it later."

That alone made Maya feel like she had everything.

"Whoa, I'm tired."

Shirone, who bent her neck and moved toward the participants, slowly raised her hand and gestured for them to attack.

At the same time, Cayden raised his cross sword and charged.

'I couldn't protect Maya!'

The moment Shirone opened his eyes and tried to take the attack, Cayden ran right past him to Maya.

"Taha!"

As he blocked Maya's way, he twisted and raised the sword, and Richard's metal arm bounced off with a clatter.

"Sheesh!"

It was common sense to aim for Maya in a situation where graduation was guaranteed if only four students were eliminated, and Richard did not like Kayden's judgment that broke that common sense.

"Don't you care about the test? You are crazy too."

"Wouldn't that be what you were saying?"

I didn't want to hear that I was crazy for a human who had 35 percent of my body modified.

'If only May could be happy... ... !'

It's been a long time since I've already transcended jealousy.

'I can be unhappy as much as I want!'



Demon Sword - Mega Tornado.



Richard, who was blown into the air by the strong wind, quickly regained his balance and captured Maya with his mechanical eyes.

'Remove Maya first!'

As the magic crystal of flame was installed, it spewed fire, and Kayden swung his crosssword towards the pouring flames.

"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

As the cold air raged and extinguished the flames, Richard's right arm rotated 45 degrees and applied another attribute.

'That's right!'

Meanwhile, other participants were intensively attacking Shirone.

The reaction has definitely slowed down! We win!'

Through the eyes of the scouts, his exhausted appearance, unable to even unfold the Force Dimension, was being analyzed.

"After defeating Luman, my Spirit level dropped to 4%. Will it end here?"

Baikal was also a pity.

"The price for emotional judgment. That's why wizards have to be cool."

Amy, who had abandoned her long-term sniper technique, was pouring physical attacks with her red eyes blinking nonstop.

'Am I being manipulated by something?'

At that time, when the fact that the backup speed of the self-image memory was not normal increased the feeling, Amy spat out the words.

"Stupid Shirone."

"what?"

Losing control of my body, I couldn't even stop my thoughts from popping out into my voice.

"You mean Maya is more important than the graduation exam?"

"that's... ... !"

Shirone, frightened by the blunt words, stepped back one after another, and Iruki clicked his tongue and flew in.

"It's self-employed. Why do you sympathize?"

A series of atomic bomb blasts attacked Shirone, and Sabina blasted wind cutters into the blast.

"Big!"

In a situation where it was burdensome to even maintain the fire, the level of mental strength continued to drop.

"Waaaaaaa!"

When Shirone, who had dominated the competition so far, was in danger of being eliminated, the cheers of the audience were heard louder than usual.

"Very sadistic... ... ."

Baikal said.

"It's pornography."

Elizabeth couldn't deny it.

"Talented people who have dedicated their lives to one path are frustrated when they encounter limitations. Is there anything more fun to see than this?"

As a scout, I watched numerous competitions.

"Talent, hard work, or wealth. If you make a small concession in anything, the entire human race can be happy right now. But that has never happened in history. That's why I think it's not that I won't do it, it's that I can't do it."

"On the other hand, it is also true that such fighting spirit has developed mankind."

"Of course it is. What I want to say is... ... ."

What I really want to know.

"If everyone is happy, why do we need progress?"

What are we fighting for?

"Of course, I also came to this position through competition. That's why judgment number 27 is the worst. It's just that sometimes, you don't know what's really important."

'This is not it!'

Amy, who burned her red eyes, escaped from the parasite's mental control and fired fire strikes in all directions.

'Was there a place I couldn't reach?'

I felt a deeper realm in Amy's psyche that was beyond the reach of domination.

'How dare you shame me?'

Elizabeth shouted as Amy, who entered the sword, heated up the cells with the battery of fire.

"My body temperature is over 42 degrees! It is dangerous in this state!"

'Looks like you're trying to extract the pilot insert.'

Since it was already settled in the human environment, it would not be able to withstand and escape if the heat was rapidly raised.

'But you can die. Do you really want that?'

'Come out! Get out of my body!'

Even in the middle of a daze, the self-image memory found the pilot Insect that dominated the center, and concentrated heat there.

Seriel jumped up and shouted.

"Amy! then no!"

Human heat is hot enough to kill germs, but if it is enough to expel parasites, there is a high probability of death.

'Even if you defeat Shirone... ... .'

The crimson eyes emitted red light as if they were about to explode.

"I'll hit it with my will!"

The nape of Amy's neck bulged and popped open with a worm popping out.

=======================================
[632] What Really Matters (2)





The slender-legged Pilot Insect landed on the floor, and Amy's foot crushed it.

"I will not forgive you."

Whether Shirone helps Maya or not, it's enough for her to take responsibility for her actions.

The shame of having her emotions exposed and the shame of being manipulated by others' will aroused Amy's anger.

'brand!'

As her body burned like dry firewood, Ifrit, the spirit of flame, appeared.

However, the place he rushed to was, contrary to everyone's expectations, Shirone.

'Shirone... ... ! Be kind and get lost!'

Ifrit's fists swung around in a frenzy, and afterimages of the flames roamed through the flames.

When everyone was watching in an unexpected situation, Amy's hand grabbed Shirone's collar.

"I'll see you after the test."

Shirone raised a corner of her mouth, and Amy spun and tossed him at Fishaw.

"Sheesh!"

Fisho lifted Argones, but a second from the future, the photon cannon was already blazing in the abdomen.

"Gagging!"

If it were real, there would be no shock even though the body would be crushed, but 2,000 anti-magic was not physical force.

'Okay, let's send one person!'

Atomic Bomb caused a series of explosions on Fisho in Groggy state.



- Participation number 24. 2,000 broke away from the system.



There are now 13 survivors.

It was Shirone and his friends who eliminated Fisho with a surprise pincer attack, but Shirone was the most suitable opponent for the next eliminated.

"Sigh. Sigh."

If it wasn't for the tension of the graduation exam, Shirone's mental strength was so low that she would have already been exhausted.

"Wizard... ... ."

No voice came out.

'It will work.'

As the contestants' magic focused on Shirone, the percentage figure eventually fell below 1 percent.

'I'm sorry, Shirone.'

Maya desperately stood up.

"Taha!"

Cayden was still guarding her side, but only Shirone could see in her eyes.

'It's because of me. Because I'm weak... ... .'

If he hadn't saved himself from the anthill, he wouldn't have faced the danger of being eliminated.

'But that's because it's Shirone.'

Among wizards ruled by coolness, he was the only one who showed sincerity to himself.

'Because it will never change.'

Maya's eyes were moist.

"I love you so much."



Eating out - only for this moment.



As soon as her song started, the participants forcibly stopped and the VIP seats murmured.

"Magic power level, 120 million magicles."

"what?"

'Only for this moment' was the song Maya sang when she went on stage for the first and last time.

'It's out of the norm.'

Participants who realized that their concentration was forcibly released felt the seriousness of the situation and rolled their eyes here and there.

'My mental strength is recovering.'

On the other hand, Shirone's spirit was making a huge rise.

'Accept my song, Shirone.'

There is an extreme risk that it can be summoned only once in a lifetime, but the fact that it shows a concentration of 120 million magical powers was only due to her genius.

'It's a great skill.'

As a court musician, Reina has heard many voices, but the voice she is hearing now has a resonance that cannot be analyzed with technology.

"Maya... ... ."

Tears welled up in the chieftain's eyes.

At the age of 12, she had the opportunity to perform at the opening stage for singer Canary.

Even back then, her singing skills enthralled the audience, but all she got back was booing.

'It must have been a mask that was too good.'

Canary's popularity was so great that there were fans in other countries, and the twelve-year-old's song on the opening stage could not be accepted with his heart.

Maya, who made the performance the worst, did not get a second chance, and the moment she heard that only perverted aristocrats' sponsorships came in, she gave up being a singer.

"Only- this moment."

Even the contestants who struggled at first had to admit that they had to listen to her song now.

'It seems that all the hairs on my head stand on end.'

Collie trembled, clutching her hair with both hands.

'Who says this girl is weak.'

It was he who was fascinated by twelve-year-old Maya on stage and brought her to the magic school.

'I'm not calling you because I want to look great. It's not like I practice every day to get an evaluation.'

That's why it wasn't the best, it was sincere.

Looking up at the world from the lowest position, sincerity that can only be sublimated with that pain.

'If you think there is such a thing, everything is beautiful... ... .'

Criticize, analyze, compare and rank.

'Do we rank our emotions?'

If that is not possible, there is no superiority or inferiority in Maya's song.

"Only- this moment!"

As the song reached its climax, the spirits of the participants shook like waves as the intense emotions surged.

"Shirone's percentage numbers are going up, while everyone else's numbers are going down."

"It's not about stealing. It is the ability to strike a balance."

In theory, it was an emotional equalization created through the resonance of the voice.

"Huh!"

As Maya's clear high-pitched voice pierced the sky, Sabina fainted, unable to overcome the emotional tension.

'Two people ahead!'

In a situation where the final 10 people would be decided if only two people were eliminated, Pony bit her lip until it bleeds.

'I can't do this! Why is no one collapsing!'

At that time, the desperate pleasure created by the frustration of the participants reaches its climax through the fall of the royal family.

"Huh!"

Pony's knees bent and fell to the ground.

'I did my best... ... .'

what was lacking?

Without finding an answer to that question, she hit her forehead on the ground like the other dropouts.

'Now there is only one person.'

While the will of the contestants was burning even more, only Caden was smiling sadly.

'I love you, Maya.'

Looking at Maya, who only looked at Shirone, Kayden said goodbye.

'But I don't think I can go with you.'

When this song ends, Maya will eventually burn out, but a completely different future awaits from Caden's exhaustion.

'I hope you're happy. I mean it.'

The crosssword fell with a trembling sound, and Cayden closed his eyes and accepted the song with all his heart.

not a technology

That's why prejudice disappears the moment you just accept it, and her song is not magical, but touching and wets your heart.

'My muse... ... .'

At the same time as Caden collapsed without a sound, a 100% pure voice with no foreign body sounded through the sky.

"Leave-I-Go-yo."

A shudder ran down the spine of everyone gathered in the Colosseum.

'He's a genius. I don't even need to verify that.'

Reina looked at Maya with a look of astonishment.

Impressing everyone at the gathering of scouts from all over the world predicted that her tomorrow would be 180 degrees different from today.

'It's over.'

Maya took a slow breath and raised her head to face Shirone.

"Thank you so much, Shirone."

Shirone couldn't say anything, just bowed his head in the most reverent way.

It was a song that she sang for only one person, who now had only to become the most famous in the world.

"hi... ... ."

At the same time as Maya, who closed her eyes, collapsed, the participants regained their freedom as the regulation eating out was solved.

Faced with reality, their heads spun quickly.

'Wait a minute, then what's going on with this?'



- Entry No. 26. 2,000 broke away from the system. The final 10 people have been decided.



The 2,000 number information system continued to broadcast.



- Mystery Maya. Graduation Final Ranking 10th confirmed. There are 9 participants left.



"Wowaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The audience stood up at the same time and gave a standing ovation.

It was applause for the final 10 people who succeeded in graduating, but the praise was greater for Maya, who overcame adversity and finally received the qualification of a wizard.

"Chief! Sister, sister... ... !"

While Maya's younger siblings couldn't speak, the chief also secretly stole tears.

'Great job! Really great, Maya!'

Elizabeth asked while praises poured in for Maya, who decorated the final gate of graduation beautifully.

"Mystery Maya. Please give me your final evaluation."

Starting from 10th place, it was polite to be called by name, not by number, because they were officially registered graduates who were actually scouted.

"F. I'm too far behind in everything to be a mage."

As if she had already expected it, when Lara licked her lips and wrote it down, Baikal unusually added a supplementary explanation.

"But if I get a chance to go to her performance someday, I definitely want to reserve the S seat."

The applause that filled the Coliseum showed no sign of ending, and the remaining participants felt their legs unravel.

'Pass, pass.'

No matter what, the feeling of having graduated was thrilling enough to be replaced by anything in the world.

'really... ... Did I graduate?'

Amy felt both a sense of exhilaration that everything seemed unreal and a sense of relief that the world was about to collapse.

But that was for a moment, and he hurriedly tightened his eyes and shook his head.

'Calm down. It's not over yet.'

The moment you are satisfied, you become a human being whose limit is that far.

Looking around, the other participants were also converging toward the center of the Colosseum, looking unfinished.

"First, congratulations... ... ."

Dante lifted his chin and said.

"Still, you have to cover the best, right?"

As if it had been promised, everyone's eyes focused on one person, and Shirone also smiled and relaxed her neck.

"However much."

With Maya's eating out, the mental powers of the participants were leveled.

That's why it was a new evaluation, and it was the beginning of a real sword game where you don't have to worry about being eliminated anymore.

"Ooooooh!"

Then the audience started booing.

Unlike the contestants who pledged to fight in the center, the voice was directed at Nade, who was still standing in the corner.

"Coward! What a wizard you are!"

"Where in the world is there a wizard who is lucky enough to pass the exam! I'd rather give it to another contestant!"

It was Shirone who stood out the most, but the other participants also fought a desperate battle in their respective positions and obtained the pass.

On the other hand, Nade did not show any wizard-like abilities in the first evaluation, and even reached this position with a ridiculous chance of never colliding with anyone in the second evaluation.

It was only natural that the audience, already moved by Maya's acceptance, would be displeased with his inclusion in the final scene.

"Nade is not a coward."

Liz, who was observing as a graduate of Alpheas Magic School, looked at Nade with a pitiful expression.

"just... ... You lost your way."

It was all the more regrettable because she was the only one who had erased the path left to Nade.

"If you give me one more chance."

Holding hands, Liz earnestly prayed that Nade would not let go of hope one last time.

"West Nade. So far, I haven't shown anything special enough to evaluate. No battles either. No one bothered to deal with him."

Lara agreed with Elizabeth's words.

"Luck is also skill. But in this case, it's pretty extreme luck. Have you ever been like this?"

"It is not possible."

"Yes?"

Baikal said with a serious expression.

"There is no chance of coming up to the final ranking fight avoiding a collision. Therefore, it is correct to assume that Nade did not run away, but that everyone ran away from Nade."

"But... ... I didn't look particularly good at it."

"That's why you get booed. I don't know. What were those who were not even willing to die afraid of?"

For wizards, it is more fearful than death.

"Circumstances beyond our control."

Realizing something, Baikal raised his head.

"A variable enough to destroy the system, what they feared was complete chaos."

=======================================
[633] What Really Matters (3)





Amid endless accusations, participants looked back at Nade, who was still unwilling to fight.

'I knew it would end like this.'

Frings clearly remembered the horror he suffered from Nade in Scramble Royale.

He was also not a normal personality, so he robbed and woke up shortly after, but it was an incident that he did not want to experience again.

'It's definitely a ticking time bomb that's not good to touch.'

But now, the final 10 players were confirmed, and if there was nothing to lose anyway, it was advantageous for the scout to evaluate them.

"Come on. There's nowhere else to run, right?"

Frings wiggled his hands and provoked, but Nade just stared at the sky helplessly.

'I'm graduating?'

Anyway, does it make any sense?

Even if you graduate like this, there will be no institution that will call you who have not done anything.

Just as public and non-officials are different, even the same wizard is treated differently according to society's recognition.

If she is eliminated as it is, her initial plan to disappoint her mother will properly succeed.

"I will not fight."

Fighting with Shirone was unimaginable.

"That's ridiculous."

Dante had never seen Nade's true face, but he was unaware of the atmosphere that some talented people shun.

"Should we accept it if you say you don't want to fight?"

"I am not interested in what you think. I don't fight."

Anhamuin's answer raised the voices of the audience.

"A coward like that doesn't deserve to be a wizard!"

"Hey, just step on it! Jailbreak!"

The reason why it did not move despite the audience's torch was because it was not as simple as it sounds.

Iruki took a step towards Nade.

"How about dropping out? It's a meaningless fight for you."

He remembered the promise Nade had made the day before the graduation exam.

At least if he eliminated me now, I wouldn't become an enemy, though unpleasant memories would remain.

"... ... ."

When Ned didn't say anything, Iruki pointed at him with his index finger.

"Look, you want to fight too. You don't want to drop out, do you?"

'Mother.'

Although the seats were packed with people, it was easy to find Teria.

The face, though not noble, was still beautiful, distorted like a demon among hundreds of faces, and was pressing on Nade.

'A terribly disgusting face.'

Even so, as a child, he has no choice but to love his face.

"go away! Wizard's Shame! Don't lower the dignity of the school!"

Teria's face turned red at the people's criticism.

"I'm going to be embarrassed. What kind of ugliness is that?"

The Ballroom Pushed The Wife

"stop it. You should cheer me on too."

"Look at the other students. Everyone fights hard to make their parents happy. How can you be so selfish?"

Lichen approached Nade from behind.

"Annoying. Just die."

Grabbing Nade by the neck, he threw it to the end of the Colosseum with a lightning strike.

Then, the electric shock gathered in front of me flew in a huge parabola and hit the spot where Ned had fallen.

'You fool! Electricity... ... !'

Frings's face turned pale, and everyone who knew magic fairy tales looked at Nade in a rigid posture.

"what?"

However, Nade was just looking at Teria with a sad look.



It was three days later that the Gasols came to rescue Nade, who could not stand the torture of the Chicken Head bandits and whose mind had been destroyed.

Among the corpses burned like charcoal, young Nade cried like an idiot, and the seizures did not stop even though he spent a lot of money on treatment.

"why are you crying! Why are you crying! Do you know how much damage my mother suffered because of you?"

Her heart burns for spending the most money borrowed from relatives on her son's treatment.

"Mom, Mom... ... ."

Nade desperately endured.

Even more terrifying than the inner monster was the mother's pain, and gradually the convulsions began to subside after the hiccups.



'I... ... What did I do wrong?'



I once got angry.

"It's not like I wanted to be like this! What the hell have you done to me!"

Ballroom threw the bottle at Nade.

"It's like a Holo child!"

Perhaps he was annoyed at the child getting on his fearful wife's nerves, but Nade felt nothing but resentment.

"Aaaaaaa!"

That moment when Nade rushes into the wall and bangs his head in order to destroy the body they inherited.

"Aaaaaagh!"

Teria scratched her face with her nails.

"honey!"

The ballroom ran in fright, and Nade stared blankly at his mother's bloody face.

And... ... .

"Kill! Rather kill me!"

Teria cut her wrists with a knife without hesitation.

"damn! anyone quickly! Call the doctor!"

"Um, Mom... ... ."

While all the family members were busy moving, only Nade was watching her as if time had stopped.



"sorry... ... ."

Nade whimpered with a foolish face.

'Don't be angry. I was wrong.'

There is no child in this world who overcomes their parents.

"It is irreversible. It's completely over."

As Nade writhed, the remaining eight contestants ignored him and collided in the center of the Colosseum.

While everyone was mesmerized by the splendid magic feast, only Nade and Teria were exchanging glances.

"I can't look at you because I'm pathetic."

When Teria got up from the audience and turned around, Ned's fists clenched violently.

'Yes, go away. I will never be a wizard! I will never give you the life you want!'

It was a situation I wanted so much.

But why is it so painful?

Why do I fall into the abyss without limit?

'We will perish together! All we have to do is die together!'

The moment Teria disappears beyond the shadow of the exit.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

Nade screamed and stood up.

"What the hell am I!"

Electricity runs through the body.

"What did you do so wrong eh eh!"

At the same time as the speech occurred, Nade flew behind Shirone and swung his arm.

"Ouch!"

As Shirone rolled on the floor at such a speed that they couldn't even react, the participants turned their heads in surprise.

"Huhhhh!"

There was a creepy look in Ned's convulsions with his teeth clenched, as if he was about to explode at any moment.

"What is your horsepower level?"

Baikal asked, but Elizabeth blinked without even thinking about answering.

"what's the matter? Magic power level!"

"... ... Sorry. Let me check one more time."

When Nade took a step, everyone took ten steps back.

"Why? Why?"

Nade's doubts were rising from a very deep hatred that could not even be guessed at.

"Why eh eh eh!"

The 2,000 system beeped as lightning shot through the sky over the Colosseum.



-Exceeded data capacity limit. Activate the emergency system. Second core open.



The lights of the Colosseum flickered.



-Exceeded data capacity limit. 3rd core open. 4th core open.



White thunderbolts were erected like pillars and sprinted across the floor, then dispersed into hundreds and wandered about in a dizzying manner.

"Is the 4th core open?"

As far as Baikal knows, it was unprecedented in history.



- Activate the final stabilization device. 5th core open.



Only after all 5 emergency systems were activated, the 2,000th worked normally, and the same blue light came on in the eyes of the analysts.

"How many?"

"... ... It is 1.48 billion magicle."

Baikal's head turned as if it were about to break.

"1.48 billion? Is that a possible figure?"

"the problem is... ... ."

Elizabeth continued in a trembling voice.

"It is still going up."

Iruki, who was looking at the fallen Shirone, frowned as if he didn't like it and said.

"What happened to your promise to me? You said you wouldn't fight with Shirone, so you stabbed me in the back like this?"

"It's fine."

Shirone slowly stood up.

"Because this is a test. He didn't mean to kill me."

Iruki wanted to believe that too, but the only thing left for Nade in a state of magic assimilation was a purposeless intent to kill.

"Big!"

Shirone looked at Nade's grotesquely distorted face and said with a sad smile.

"At first I thought it was a scary face."

He is so soft-hearted and kind that he cannot even get angry without hating someone.

"Actually, it was a painful face, Nade."

That's why you can't destroy anything without first destroying yourself.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

"The final magical power figure is 1.86 billion Magical! It's a magical fairy tale! If we leave it like this, we will die!"

"Perfect chaos indeed. You must have been afraid of this."

The state of Nade, who had no reason left, was so violent that it was on a completely different level from what Shirone had experienced before.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

The pale, pure white lightning spread around Nade and became huge enough to encroach on the entire Colosseum.

"Cheak!"

Like a flying insect that touches an electric barbed wire, the moment it touches the white light, Fjord vomits up a agony and collapses.

"Mmmmm!"

All the participants clung to the wall, waiting for the power to subside, and the audience was mesmerized by the sudden power of Nade.

"What is that? Isn't it more serious than Inpercus?"

What was absurd was Teria as well.

Occasionally magic assimilation occurred and the warehouse was blown up, but I did not know that it contained such terrible power.

"With me... ... It doesn't matter."

Teria turns to the exit, but Ballroom grabs her wrist.

"Where? The test is not over yet."

"Is the exam a problem now? If even the machine goes wrong, you can claim damages from us."

"Isn't that all you see? Can't you feel Nade's pain?"

"I'd rather just kill him! I don't want to live like this either!"

Ballroom gritted his teeth and led her to his seat.

"sit down! At least take a good look at your son today!"

Nade's electric shock, which had been swelling into a sphere, stopped expanding and soared in the form of a pillar.

"Now! Attack!"

As the electric shock disappeared, everyone rushed at Nade and poured magic as if they had promised.

'Damn it! Two thousand times!'

In actual combat, it would take damage to the body, but it was like a dream to use up 1.86 billion magicles with anti-magic.

'Idiots! You can go and kill them.'

Lichen cast spark magic to subdue Nade's tail and grab his face.

Just as he was about to turn his head completely, sparks flew out and Nade's figure disappeared, then came out from all directions and punched him.

"Aaaaaaa!"

As the final blow was struck, Lichen's nose slumped and Nade's wrist twisted.

"The moment you get caught, you are eliminated. It's like a god's lottery."

Shirone soared into the sky while the reckless lightning, which could not be called a technique, galloped forward.

"Nade!"

The incarnation of the light angel rose hugely, and as the right arm was lifted, enormous energy gathered in the window.

'Angel's Punishment!'

The moment the flash struck at great speed, Nade's body disappeared as if evaporating.

"Did you avoid it?"

Even super-fast projectiles seemed slow to Nade, who had the same nerves as electricity.

'then... ... !'

Scouts raised their eyes in amazement as Shirone's body, which had activated her Quantum Super Position, increased to hundreds.



Quantum Super Position - 300 Stacks - Incarnation Art - Angel's Punishment.



"This... ... It's not at the level of the graduation exam."

300 angels raised their arms in unison and pierced their spears of light at Nade.

=======================================
[634] What Really Matters (4)





300 flashes of light spread out like a net from the incarnation of the light angel overlapping at one coordinate.

It was obviously simultaneous when seen by the human eye, but in reality it was mixed with extreme errors.

Each of the 299 incarnations, excluding Shirone, who opened the Force Dimension, threw spears at different times, and Nade, who cast spark magic, repeated birth and extinction among the flashes of light.

While the 87 spears stuck in the ground were gradually losing their light, 93 spears were descending from the sky, and the light angel was wielding the spear of light in an extremely fragmented time.

85, 73, 49... ... .

The eyelids of the people who blinked right after the angelic punishment started bombardment were still not even 1/10 closed.

In the distance between the spear that had just arrived on the ground and the spear that was still in the light angel's hand, Nade realized in the realm of pure signals.

The fact that as the punishment of the angels continued, the time period of the light angels was extremely narrowing the possibility of avoiding them.

Three, two, one.

At the same time as avoiding the last two hundred and ninety-ninth spear, Nade's possibility was tied to Movement Zero.

The light angel of Shirone, who had canceled the force dimension, pierced the spear for the 300th time to the ground.

Of course, Nade was still standing at the center of the vast space.

However, it was only the final destination of an incident that had already passed through all the points.

And the window of light penetrated.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Ned, who was struck by one of the 300 spears that seemed to have been scattered in all directions, straightened his upper body and let out a scream.

The audience simply admired the gigantic feast of light, not even guessing the confrontation between time and electricity that unfolded in the vast expanse of the sea.

"It hit!"

When the flash that pierced through Nade's body disappeared, all the remaining participants concentrated their firepower.

"Take it down!"

Richard's magic crystal spewed out flames with maximum power, and Iruki's Nuclear Fusion created a huge explosion.

In the spot where Frings' ice wave swept away, Amy's Inferno fell in a parabolic arc.

It was a firepower worthy of the final chapter of the graduation exam, but the percentage of Nade floating on the analyst's retina was falling so slowly that it was difficult to confirm without looking closely.

"It's no use. Anti-magic doesn't even go into teeth."

"The fact that the 2,000 times system is too good is also a problem."

Baikal also thought that in this case, it might have been better if the system went down.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Plasma spread around Nade, and a white light like a scratch spread out.

"You crazy child!"

With Nade at the center, the remaining 6 people scattered in all directions.

puck! Nade appeared in front of Frings as the air burned.

'Avoid... ... !'

My body moves faster than I thought.

'... ... do!'

Nade's fingertips brushed her skin.



- Druze Springs. 7th place finalized for graduation. There are 6 remaining participants.



'Does it mean death just by brushing?'

Starting with the final 10 players, the key was to hold out as long as possible because the feeling itself would change with a difference in rank.

"It will be a solid standard."

Elizabeth asked.

"You mean the criteria for the final ranking?"

"no. It's too extravagant a criterion to use for ranking."

"then?"

"It's not about being number one in the kingdom."

Baikal felt the joy of being a scout.

"It's going to be number one throughout the kingdom's history."

In the midst of complete chaos, the scout's attention was focused on who could hold out against Nade, who was close to Mother Nature.

'You can avoid it! I can fight more!'

After spitting out flames from his left leg, Richard flew up into the sky and looked down at Nade.

Nade disappeared at the same time that the cybernetic circuit predicts the movement and the ice magic bullet fires sharp ice bullets continuously.

-warning! out of frame!

As it disappeared faster than the moment captured by the lens capable of producing one hundred and twenty shots per second, Richard gritted his teeth and activated the propulsion of his left foot.

"Damn it!"

Nade's fingertips that appeared from the sky narrowly missed Richard, but he didn't avoid seeing them anyway.

"Huh!"

Before anyone knew it, Nade was attacking Amy, and the next moment he appeared in front of Iruki, Dante, and Shirone.

"Is nature fair?"

Without any calculations, only the will to annihilate the enemies caught in the electric field remained.

'I'm going to get hurt like this!'

After activating Pascal, Dante transformed all three-dimensional cubes into space movement magic circles.

'What a monster!'

When Nade rushed at Dante and entered the space movement magic circle, a thick bundle of electricity occupied all the movement coordinates and burned with light.

"Big!"

Just as Dante was gripping the amount of information enough to break Pascal, Nade escaped the magic circle and rushed towards Amy.

'Swallowing evolution!'

As I penetrated my consciousness again in samadhi-gyeong, the world became clear as if my skin had been peeled off, as the sensitivity that seemed to be able to count even the number of downy hairs enveloped my whole body.

"Aww!"

A lightning bolt barely passed the tip of her nose, and Nade disappeared immediately.

'Don't come to me!'

While everyone was thinking the same thing, Ned was run over by Shirone.

'Shirone is eliminated... ... !'

As he lifted his upper body after activating the flame blast, Ned detoured and aimed at Richard.

'I can't do it! Shit!'

-warning! out of frame!

While Richard was retreating with the power of the jet, Nade's face suddenly came in front of him.

'what? I'm flying at great speed right now?'

Why is Nade always in front?

The fist was captured in the last shot of a frame that shoots one hundred and twenty frames per second.

The next moment, the whole world spun, and Richard's mechanism went out.



- Ainka Richards. Graduation Final Ranking 6th place confirmed. There are 5 remaining participants.



Being in the final 5 was a different feeling from entering the final 10.

'From now on, I'm at the top.'

The four people dealing with Nade developed a ranking fight while avoiding the transcendent electric shock.

'Is it me this time?'

As Nade rushed past Shirone, Iruki's eyes shot with electricity.

'Overdrive!'

The Servant's brain was analyzing all of Nade's possibilities, but even so, it was tight to meet the time.

"Keugh!"

Nade passed by Iruki, who hurriedly threw herself away, swinging her nails.

'damn! Can't stand it for long?'

At that moment, Nade stepped on the ground and stopped, then charged at Iruki again.

'Why is it only me twice!'

It was an unfair situation to the point where I felt that I had to ask after the exam.

"Oh, really!"

Nade's electric shock passed over the face of Iruki, who was lying flat.

'I'll see you later.'

As Iruki hurriedly raised his upper body, he saw Dante's serial magic circle, the white sword, aimed at him.

"Nade is not the only enemy."

"Damn it... ... !"

Iruki, who stabbed the spirit zone into Dante's Pascal, tried to cancel it, but the password was still like an iron wall.

'I can't make it on time!'

The moment the flames were mounted in front of the white sword, the albino said.

"Don't think about it."

The moment the flame amplified while penetrating the tunnel of the magic circle was about to pass through the muzzle.

"what?"

Cancellation disbanded Pascal.

"You are not a machine, Iruki."

100 percent is the safest number in the world, but it is not the most efficient number.

"A 50% chance is enough for a human to do something. You believe in yourself, not in probability, in the life given to you."

It wasn't a hit, it wasn't a perfect calculation.

However, at the point where he thought he was ready in a certain probability, he bet on the game, and at that point, Iruki's future also broke the existing limits and began to expand into infinite possibilities.

'Intuition? don't fit... ... .'

While Dante was flustered by the unexpected situation, Amy jumped up and swung at Ifrit's fist.

"Nade and Iruki aren't the only enemies."

"Pooh."

Looking at Amy, Dante blew his hair.

As long as the battery had already been detected, magic itself was impossible, and the flames struck him, lighting up the bracelet two thousand times.



- Air servant Dante. 5th place finalized for graduation. There are 4 participants remaining.



'done! I'm almost there!'

The eyes of Amy, Iruki, and Shirone became more intense than before.

"Kuaaaaa!"

As the number decreased, the number of times he had to deal with Nade increased, but the battlefield of chaos finally began to form a new system as the abilities of Sammae Evolution, Overdrive, and Sibulsang Explosion were fully demonstrated.

'We're really crazy! It's so fast, but no one gets eliminated!'

As the Sammae evolution continued, Amy felt the pain as if thousands of needles were piercing her body, but that pain was the most powerful weapon for survival.

Nade, who was not able to do it, aimed at Iruki this time, but the overdrive with added intuition was showing a much higher efficiency than before.

'Unstable.'

It's not a 100% chance, so it could fall into hell the next moment.

'But it feels great!'

For the first time, I felt that I was alive, and the detonation equation was calculated at a tremendous speed, knocking on Ned's body.

'You have to be right.'

It ended in misfire several times, but once it exploded, the power of the atomic bomb was incomparable to before.

Then, fire strikes and photon cannons flew from the left and right at the same time.

"Nade's magic power level is currently 1.21 billion magicles. I dropped it a lot."

"But it still makes no sense."

Literally, Nade was an impregnable fortress, and after 20 minutes, the fatigue of the three reached its limit.

'That's really nasty.

At least, while Shirone evaded in a stable state, the graduation exam went to the survival of Amy and Iruki.

'I just need to hold on a little longer.'

Anyway, since Iruki wasn't 100% perfect, the more time passed, the better Amy was.

'But... ... .'

As the senses of Samadhi evolution began to adapt, I felt that my alertness was diminishing.

'It can't end like this.'

A thirsty man digs a well, and Amy tried a last resort.

'You just have to eliminate Nade!'

Elizabeth took notice of Amy, who destroyed the position and charged.

"You're betting."

"It is a good decision. In my opinion, there is no chance if it is not now."

Amy clenched her fists at Nade, who was approaching like a ghost as she cast spark magic in succession.

No matter how great magic is, schema is powerful because the body that casts the magic is human after all.

'The moment they attack me is an opportunity!'

Even so, in order to hit Nade, who evaded the moment he touched his body, it was necessary to capture the moment of the counter and the counter of the counter.

'Remember the self-image!'

Nade comes close to Amy, swinging her fingernails.

"Keugh!"
Amy, whose red eyes flashed at 
the fastest speed ever , twisted her waist and swung her fist.

'I'm retired. Is it to find life beyond death?'

While Baikal holds its breath and watches.

'This is the end, you bastard!'

Amy's fist hit Nade's chin squarely.

=======================================
[635] Last Gate (1)





The moment Nade's chin caught in his fist, Amy had a hunch.

'It went in properly!'

Even in that short moment, as he twisted his back with all his strength, Ned's head turned and his body spun.

"Great!"

As much as Nade opened up his lifelong rage, Amy's fists contained the determination to kill, implied countless hours.

"The magic power level... ... !"

The percentage floating in Elizabeth's retinas decreased as quickly as water was drained with an eyedropper.

It was a speed that gave goosebumps when you recall that it was 1.2 billion Magicles.

When the percentage figure fell below 3 percent, I thought it was really over.

"Aaaaaaa!"

But Nade did not lose consciousness.

Baikal, who guessed the reason, showed emotion for the first time and slammed his knee with a sad expression.

"Reaction Rates of Electricity."

Amy's blow definitely delivered a shock, but she twisted her body with reflexes that were faster than the speed at which the shock wave was transmitted, canceling out the power.

As Amy took a step forward with her fist raised, electricity surged from Nade's spinning body.

It was such a wonderful idea and seeing the light of hope even for a moment, Baikal had no choice but to bite his lip.

'It was close to perfect. You can be proud of yourself, Amy!'

It was already a counter that transcended human senses, but if only it had gone a little deeper.

If he could have pushed out just 0.1 millimeter more, the result of defeating the monster in Magic Fairy Tale would have been unprecedented.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Amy sighed as she looked at Nade, who screamed and discharged powerful electricity.

'Calm down, fool.'

At the same time, a massive anti-magic hit his mind.



- Karmis Amy. 4th place in final ranking for graduation. There are 3 remaining participants.



Amy fell forward, and Nade, discharging electricity, collapsed beside her, looking up at the sky.

However, Nade's mental strength was weakened as well.

"What is your horsepower level?"

"Four million magicles."

"It has gone down tremendously. I was on the verge of losing consciousness."

"Yes. But even in a state of stupor, having 4 million magicles itself is abnormal."

Shirone and Iruki, who were gasping for breath in different positions, were thinking the same thing as they looked at the collapsed Nade.

'Just grow up. Please just sleep.'

Then, blue electricity wrapped around Nade's body.

As consciousness returned, magic fairy tales were in full bloom, and the increase was also bizarre.

"We are breaking through 20 million, 50 million, and 100 million magicles."

"... ... Is something a little strange?"

The lightning that wrapped around Nade soared into the sky and formed the shape of a huge human.

Aaaaaaang!

The sound waves created by the electricity shook the entire Colosseum, and everyone covered their ears.

"Keugh! what!"



-Everyone die! disappear!



"Is consciousness embodied by magic?"

The electric giant, which expands every time it makes a sound, boasted an overwhelming appearance to the point of being called a thunder god.



-I... ... .



The Thunder God crossed his arms and shouted in the loudest voice.



-What did you do so wrong?



A bundle of electricity spread in all directions and began rubbing the end of the 2,000 times zone as if a transparent wall had been erected in front of the audience.

"This, this... ... !"

The pale spectators could not even blink as they looked at the bluish-white current spreading right in front of them.

Each one of them was Nade's face, and he was making a distorted expression.



-Answer me! Why should I be unhappy? Why do I have to shoulder everything?



Ballroom, who had been looking at Nade's face shimmering in electric form, turned to his wife.

Ordinary people should be terrified, but Teria was showing the same angry face as Nade.



- Answer me!



As the electric shock was concentrated, Terria shouted as she opened her huge mouth and let out a voice.

"Because I'm pathetic!"

The audience all turned to her.

"honey."

Ballroom tried to stop her, but death was the only thing that could stop her already enraged.

"What nonsense is this! Mom did her best too! I did everything you asked me to do! They even sent me to a magic school! So you can take the test too!"



- I didn't wish for my success!



"Stop talking nonsense! Where in the world is there a parent who wants their children to fail! Is that annoying? How could you do this if you pitied her mother!"

The audience whispered at the sudden quarrel between mother and son.

"The West family. I've heard that it's ruined, but it's really broken."

"It's someone else's family business. Don't go out of your way, just stay still."

Teria, who had lost her temper, shouted.

"Do you know how painful it is to live alone? Mom doesn't want to live either! I'm fed up with supporting you, and your dad is going to die!"



-Why... ... did you abandon me



It was a small rumble compared to the thunder so far, but Teria was the first to shut up.

"Well, in that situation... ... ."



- You didn't say you were sorry.



"Did I do anything wrong? Because of that too... ... ."



- Can you tell me what happened that day?



Teria's body trembled.

Even though she saw countless burn scars on Nade's body, she never asked what had happened.

"I don't want to hear it. It's already over."

Electricity flowed down Nade's face like tears on the transparent wall.



-I think so. It's over and there's no turning back. So... ... .



The electricity returned to Nade as his face receded.



-Look carefully there, what kind of monster I have become.



Nade, who was limp like a puppet under the shape of the god of thunder, opened his eyes.

"Shirone. Iruki."

A voice came out of Nade's mouth, not the thunder god.

"I'm sorry, but I have to win."

Nade's face was cold even though he controlled magic assimilation.

"You said so from the beginning."

Shirone and Iruki were not disappointed.

Be it betrayal or whatever, the graduation exam was something he could accept as long as he judged and made his own conclusions.

"The magic power level is 240 million."

Although it recorded a higher number than the Ataraxia Jukan system, it was rather human compared to the violence before that.

"The most powerful instinct and a slightly less powerful reason. Which do you think would be the worst to deal with?"

Elizabeth did not feel the need to answer.

Shirone, Iruki, and Nade moved slowly from the center of the Colosseum.

triangular shape.

The perfect balance that no one could act first made the air of the battlefield heavy.

"what? Come to think of it, the final three."

said Mark.

"Isn't it the Supernatural Psychic Research Society?"

"Oh, yes. From 1st to 3rd place."

Teachers also had mixed feelings.

"Ugh, those troublemakers."

Shiina grumbled as she recalled the atrocities of the three musketeers who had committed all sorts of accidents since their advanced class days.

"There is no way to just skip it until the end."

"They were very unique kids. They're geeks, but can we say they're innocent? There were many times when my head was pounding, but I feel sad when I think of letting go in my arms."

At Etella's words, Shiina smiled bitterly.

"... ... They are disciples who will never be forgotten for the rest of their lives."

After circling the huge Colosseum, the three of them established their own strategies.

'Ataraxia.'

As the colorful magic formations accumulated in front of Shirone's eyes, the scout's seats became agitated.

"You're betting a match right away."

"Perhaps. If you fight with the future in mind, it's a composition that will rather be eliminated. I have no choice but to play the strongest hand."

'Nuclear Fusion.'

At the same time, Iruki began to raise the detonation equation containing unprecedented power.

The best thing is to eliminate both of them at the same time.

To do so, an explosion was required to take over the entire Colosseum.

'Watch wisely, see what the son you ruined can do.'

As Nade's god of thunder compressed into a sphere, it began to emit white thunderbolts.

Graduation exams, wizards, wealth and fame, he intended to destroy everything.

And I will tell Teria.

Everything you could have is gone forever in this moment.

The spectators swallowed their saliva as the globe of lightning floated in the air like a divine object.

"It must be power that cannot be estimated. There will always be those who drop out."

Iruki glanced sideways at Shirone.

'It's ambiguous. Should I explode first?'

However, if that happened, Shirone and Nade's magic would be concentrated on him.

'The best thing is Nade attack Shirone and I blow both of them. Then it will be over.'

As soon as he finished thinking, Nade's thunderbolt split into two.

"anyway."

Iruki gave a rotten smile.

'Because being too friendly is also a problem.'

Shirone was also expecting Nade's response.

'done. If Nade keeps Iruki in check, I can attack him too. Then avoid Nade's attack.'

The speed of the lightning that Nade shoots is beyond imagination, but it could have been avoided enough if it was an explosion of fire.

'What's left now is timing.'

Who will move first?

Nade's temperament twists before he can finish thinking.

'It's Nade!'

The moment the remaining two reacted, both thunderbolts flew towards Shirone.

'Sheesh, it doesn't move as expected.'

A tactic that pretends to target both at the same time, but actually eliminates Shirone first.

It was the reason why the less strong reason was scary.

'then... ... !'

The huge flash of light that passed through Ataraxia turned toward Iruki while swallowing the thunderbolt, and as expected, Nade, who cast the spark magic, appeared in front of Iruki.

'Hey, you idiot. don't i know you Thanks though... ... .'

The corners of Iruki's mouth rose.

'It was a pleasant school year!'

Nuclear Fusion!

A relentless explosion occurred from the center of the Colosseum and swept the entire Colosseum.

The albino, guessing the power from the brightness of the light, murmured with a bewildered expression.

"that... ... Aren't you stupid?"

The last method Iruki chose in the psychological warfare of biting and biting was to blow everything away with an explosion that even he could not handle.

'It's definitely a human weapon.'

As new explosions continued to form at the center of the explosion, all the scout could see was the sight that filled the inside of the 2,000 barrier.

"If it were real, everyone would be dead."

As the explosion that seemed to see the sun in front of them disappeared, the eyes of the audience wandered aimlessly over the Colosseum.

As all three of them fell to the ground and did not even move, a flurry flowed like a wave.

"What, what happened?"



- Mercodyne Iruki. 3rd place finalized for graduation. There are 2 participants remaining.



Nade staggered to his feet as soon as he heard the 2,000th guide voice.

"You ignorant child."

Iruki looked up at the sky and said.

"That depends on your point of view. blow it up as you like Because no one says anything here."

If it weren't for the magical power level of over 200 million, Nade would also be lying side by side with Iruki.

"... ... It will."

Nade moved away, and Iruki, who had read through the 19 years like a kaleidoscope, smiled in satisfaction.

"Ah, I feel relieved."

The audience waited with bated breath, but the 2,000 guiding voices were no longer heard.

"I canceled the explosion with an amplified mass wave. I was thinking of defending and attacking at the same time."

"Ah, it's the head."

The attention of the audience was focused on one place.

"I've known it for a long time, but... ... ."

Shirone, who slowly stood up on the ground, rubbed her shoulders and grumbled.

"You guys really can't handle it."

=======================================
[636] Last Gate (2)





'You can't handle it the most!'

Leaving behind the silent clamor of those who had been eliminated, Nade approached Shirone.

"sorry."

"It's fine. Let's do our best to fight."

"no. I don't mean that."

The activity of the electricity that wrapped around Nade's body dropped and it shimmered as if he was sleeping.

It was a strange thing to have perfect control over magic assimilation, and the power exerted there would be beyond imagination.

"You are blessed, Shirone."

Shirone did not answer.

"I could have done anything I wanted to do. If you fail, no one will criticize you, and all around you will be people cheering you on."

Nade turned and started walking.

"But do you know? The fact that when you fought fiercely and accumulated the experience of victory one by one, someone was screaming in pain, deprived of even the opportunity to fight fiercely."

Nade's steps stopped.

"effort? experience? If you think you've done your best, you're a fool."

Nade finished his resolve.

"The reason I say this is because if it isn't now, you might not hear it. If you fight me, you could die."

As the resentment against the world and the nameless anger grew, the monster in Ned's heart woke up.

"Give up. This is your final warning. you can't beat me."

"yes. I will give up."

The Colosseum buzzed.

"If it makes your pain go away, if you can be happy, I can give up as much as I want."

Nade gritted his teeth and lowered his head.

"... ... That's why it's stupid."

Nade, who instantly closed the gap with spark magic, reached out his hand in front of Shirone's eyes.

"I said it had no roots. But you don't know how beautiful what you have. Are you saying that getting first place in the graduation exam is nothing for the sake of a friend?"

"no. It's an important test for my life too. Maybe more important than friends. But... ... ."

Shirone was sincere.

"Nothing is more important than a friend's pain."

'This is why I didn't like it.'

This is why he hated fighting Shirone to the death.

When I'm with Shirone, my disgusting jealousy and anger toward the world seem so clear.

"Stop talking nonsense!"

After being hit in the face by Nade, Shirone spun around and fell to the floor.

"You are always like that! If you say that, do you think I'll be impressed? Do you think the world will turn out the way you want it to!"

"If you put your mind to it, you can do anything!"

Cirone, who was touching the ground with both arms, stood up and shouted.

"So fight as best you can! Don't let that anger ruin your life!"

"That anger?"

Hearing the sound of his reason being cut, Ned's body exploded with power and surged into the shape of a thunder god.

"That's anger!"

Aaaaaaaa!

An electric roar erupted, and the audience covered their ears.



- I will kill them all!



When Nade's hatred was realized through magic assimilation, Shirone also countered by invoking incarnation.

The moment the thunder god and light angel that filled the Colosseum collided, all sorts of simulation figures jumped out of the analyst's mind.

"Similar, but different."

light and electricity.

The spectators as well as the scouts were mesmerized by the splendid magic battles that projected their own inclinations as they were.

The Thunder God's hostility was so violent that even the light angels had no choice but to give it a shot, but Liz seemed to hear Nade's screams contained in the roar.

'Nade, don't lose hope.'

The fact that he perfectly controlled magic fairy tales was a genius that was unprecedented in history.

But he doesn't shine like Shirone.



-Everyone die! Friends, family, humans, everything disappears before my eyes!



"I won't let you do that!"

Back to the end of the Colosseum, Shirone fixed both feet on the ground and activated Quantum Super Position.

"I will become a wizard!"

300 stacks of photon cannons bombard the Colosseum like a meteor shower.



-Something like a wizard... ... !



Nade shed bloody tears and discharged a lightning bolt.

"I am a monsteraaaaa!"

Tears welled up in Shirone's eyes the moment he saw Ned's face as he escaped from the flashing light.

'No, Nade. You are not a monster.'

Baikal opened his mouth as the audience held their breath at the screams of Nade, who called himself a monster.

"If only I had been properly educated."

If only I had been given the opportunity to polish my magic to the best of my ability with everyone's encouragement and support.

"A talent that would have arrived someday, after all."

Who turned Nade into a monster?

'I'm sorry, Nade.'

Ballroom couldn't look up because everyone around him seemed to be looking at him.

"... ... no."

Teria, on the other hand, still raised her fearful eyes and denied her son's pain to the end.

"It's not my fault."

The shapeless Thunder God projected Nade's hatred and formed a huge electrical net.

"I always thought you were a bright kid."

Alpheas smiled bitterly at Olivia's words.

"It wasn't like that when I was younger. Well done. It is a miracle that I lived a normal life while embracing magic fairy tales."

"It's unfortunate. If only I had known a little earlier... ... ."

"no. I want to believe it's not over."

Alpheas did not give up.

"A man becomes an adult when it becomes a nuisance to be angry. But youth don't know compromise. Being angry means you still have a longing in your heart."

Pure-blooded youth who wants no blemishes in life.

That's why Nade, who ruined most of his life with hatred, may be more sick now.



- I'm a freak!



Shirone's mental strength continued to decline just by the movement of His Highness, which filled the Colosseum.

'Keugh! It's really amazing magic power!'



- Who can understand my anger!



Captured by bandits, young Nade was left hanging dangling over a pit with thorns, with his hands and feet tied.

With his teeth biting only one rope, his tortured mind was slowly going mad.

By the time even the voices of ridicule could not be heard, the half-conscious Nade dreamed of swimming in the open sea.

A terrible nightmare where you can see the land in the distance, but no matter how much you struggle with your hands and feet, you can't move forward at all.



-Nade. Nade.



The nightmares of the time that were trapped in Nade's unconscious began to emerge again through the body of the Thunder God.



-Save me, Nade.



Teria rose to the surface like a water ghost and pressed down on Ned's back.

'Swim! Come with me, Mom!'



-I don't want to do anything. so you save me



'I can't do it because it's hard!'



-It's okay even if you're having a hard time. Because I have to be happy. Because I feel the best when I'm happy.



"Huh!"

As if he was still biting into the rope, Nade closed his jaw until his molars snapped.

'I want to live! I want to live too!'



-yes. So keep swimming! save me



'No more! I'm not going to swim!'



-Then we'll die together. your life will end



"Aaaaaaa!"

Waiting for his parents not to return, Nade wanted to let go of the rope in his mouth.

really... ... I wanted to let go.

"What do you know!"

Shirone will not know.

What kind of pain it is to live the rest of your life without cutting off the rotten roots.

"How could I know!"

As the Thunder God's electric shock intensified, the anti-magic's shock wave surged at a tremendous speed.

There was no place to escape.

"Yeah, I don't know! But don't give up!"

At the site where Nade's life was vividly relayed through the voice of the thunder god, Shirone's heart felt as if it would break.

"Fight till the end! You have to struggle to the end!"

Nade's face twisted grotesquely.

'Don't talk nonsense!'

why wouldn't you want to live?

However, even if he fought fiercely, the only thing he could get was Teria's satisfied smile, and his heart would become more sick.

"I will die! I will destroy everything and die the most painful death!"

will die

Nothing mattered as long as I was able to make them suffer as they took responsibility for themselves and ran away from their lives.

"Still struggling? You know nothing about it, tell me to fight more!"

"yes! fight!"

"Why! why me! Only I am in pain, why should I!"

As the Thunder God's electric shock was applied with unprecedented power, Shirone's mental strength, which boasted great durability, was shaken.

"you idiot! Why don't you know!"

Even so, they can endure because if they collapse like this, no one will be able to prevent Nade from being destroyed.

"If we don't fight... ... If you don't even struggle... ... ."

Tears flowed from Shirone's eyes.

"You're going to sink!"

As the unprecedented magic was cast, countless Shirones began to overlap on one coordinate.



Quantum Super Position - Wheel of Fear.



At first it's 2 stacks.

Shirone, who has expanded the Force Dimension, is the base, and in that state, the newly overlapped Shirone activates Quantum Super Position once again.

Then what will be the result?

Miro, who knew the answer, raised her eyes and shouted.

"Crazy! What were you thinking about that!"

Since the events taking place in the Force Dimension are independent, it is impossible to control them even if they feed back the overlap only once.

In other words, it was a cowardly fractal.

'How are you going to control it?'

Even Shirone himself could not tell how many cases were overlapping.

Some Shirones will stop overlapping, but if even one of the thousands makes a different decision, the fractal structure will start again from there.

In the end, it is trapped in the so-called quantum bubble phenomenon, where nothing can be done except superposition.

"Great!"

Under the weight of endlessly overlapping incidents, all Shirones lost their activity, but desperately waited for the limit of control.

'you can do it. It can be integrated.'

As the number of events increases, the variable also increases, and that variable will exponentially increase the number of variables that will occur in the future.

'Now!'

The moment he reached the limit of a variable he could control over all time, Shirone opened his eyes and glared at the world.



Ultima System - Elysion.



Miro trembled as the unified Shirone stopped activating the Quantum Super Position and raised her head at the same time.

'There must have been a way like that.'

To others, it looked like a single Shirone, but Miro could clearly feel the terrifying presence inside it.

'Also, maybe this is Macklein Guffin's true ability... ... .'



Quantum fluctuations.



'Let's live! Let's live, Nade!'

As Shirone flew up into the sky and compressed the photons, a huge sphere of light shook as if a hole had been punched in the sky.

The power of God's particles raised from the state of cowardice is equivalent to the state reached by Miro, Sammaekyung.

The scouts who encountered the stage of dehumanization lost even the will to analyze and just accepted the huge phenomenon.

'Ah, my God. Is it like that?'

Alpheas shed tears of emotion.

'I am... ... Are you okay with this?'

The light of the Mirhi family.

The mistakes he made in his youth haunted him for the rest of his life, leaving him with the guilt of betraying his God-given talent.

However, at this moment, the genius who surpassed himself, who had been waiting for so long since the establishment of the magic school, appeared.

'True light does not go out in darkness. That I, the human being, is nothing more than a tool to shine that light.'

It seemed that God was reaching out his hand from beyond the curtain of the world turning white.

forgive your sins

After decades of waiting, Alpheas knelt down and raised his head at the confident voice.

'Ah, that's why you're showing me, God. you made... ... .'

best masterpiece.

=======================================
[637] Last Gate (3)





Even electricity could light up the darkness, but even that was just darkness in front of Shirone's light.

Nade could not bear the sacredness of embracing the whole world.

The presence of Shirone, which was overlapped beyond count, was a kind of fear that Nade felt for the first time in a magical assimilation state.

As that fear meshed with anger, the magical power level reached a new record again.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The Colosseum's lights flickered as the system overloaded two thousand times.

Anxiety was further amplified because it was already getting dark, and people with sensitive nerves trembled with fear as they intuited a major accident.

"What a ridiculous graduation exam."

If it was only one of Nade or Shirone, the 2,000 times system made with the best technology in the kingdom would never go down.

But now, both of them were recording figures beyond common sense, and no one could have guessed whether the system would be able to calculate them when they collided.

'You don't know, Shirone.'

Shirone, who has no roots from the beginning, does not know what it means to have rotten roots.

That contradictory pain that can't be cut off and can't be cut off.

"I don't know!"

The lightning that spread in all directions came flying like a curve and hit Shirone with concentration.

"Big!"

Dozens of Shirones per second were electrocuted and began to collapse.

However, the incident of cowardice bubbled up like a bubble and continued to support the limits of fractal forever.

'Let's live! I'm going to live, Nade!'

The 2,000th bracelet was on the verge of being destroyed, but he did not hesitate.



Quantum Fluctuation - Photon Cannon.



The shock of air coward was converted into anti-magic just by the rushing mass wave, striking Nade's brain.

'My anger won't go away like this!'

If it was anger that could be turned off in the first place, isn't your life too miserable, having lived with only that anger?



Magic Fairy Tale - Brain Rebirth.



"Kuaaaaa!"

Without needing to control the ever-soaring mana, Nade just vomited all his power, and the shape of the god of thunder twisted into tens of thousands of strands and stretched out towards Shirone.



-warning! warning! system overload. Two thousand times the system is down. 10 seconds remaining. 9 sec... ... .



"Damn it!"

Amidst the energy of different attributes intersecting, half of the audience jumped up, and even the analysts shut down the main system to prepare for an emergency.

'Look smart! my anger! My appearance as a monster!'

He seemed to hear the cry in Nade's heart.

'Nade, I know how hard it was.'

Anger feeds on people's hopes and grows, so once you get caught up in it, you don't know what's really important.

'But... ... We're almost there.'

At least Nade didn't give up.

Relying on the vague light that one day they might be able to fly freely, they were holding on to the rope while waiting for their parents who would never return.

'Now you have us! So... ... !'

The quantum fluctuation restored the event lost due to the brain regeneration and increased the flash to the same size as the beginning.

"Let's live! Nade!"

The moment the flash came down as if nothing was blocking it, Nade opened his mouth in wonder.

"ah... ... ."

The holy light began to push away the magic fairy tale's wrath.

'Ah, Shirone.'

The bloody tears turned into a clear liquid.

'you are beautiful.'

so much... ... splendid

'so I... ... be friends with you... ... .'

A gigantic light flashed and expanded, erasing Nade's entire face.

After a long silence, everyone in the Colosseum slowly opened their eyes, as if the world had just been born for the first time.

The long run of light made me feel as if the process so far was a dream, and the system went down 2,000 times as if it were true.

Of course, the guidance voice was not heard, and people finally came to their senses and looked around the battlefield.

"Me, over there!"

Nade collapsed sprawled in the center of the Colosseum, and Shirone gasps while watching it from a distance.

Realizing that the graduation exams were over, a burning feeling surged in people's hearts.

"Whoaaaa!"

Everyone shouted and jumped up, and a standing ovation circulated around the Colosseum in waves.

"Shirone! Shirone! Shirone!"

Nade's name was not heard even once in the chanting that spread throughout the city of Creas.

'It's like this... ... .'

Even if you shed bloody tears and suffer, even if you cry like a monster because you lived a hard life, no one cares about you.



-Fight till the end! I mean, keep fighting until the end!



Did Shirone know?

Is that why he shouted so earnestly, even though he knew the frustrating situation he couldn't help?

"Nade."

Shirone, who was kneeling, raised his head.

We don't know exactly when the 2,000th system went down, and the impact of Anti-Magic must have been enormous.

"Nade!"

Shirone was unable to stand up due to the loss of strength throughout his body, and approached Ned with his limbs struggling as if he were crawling.

"Sorry... ... . I'm sorry, Nade."

When the accident that was only aimed at the graduation exam was resolved, emotions flooded in.

As he sobbed and burst into tears, Nade's lungs roared.

"Cheuk, cuckoo."

While Shirone made a blank expression, Nade raised his upper body with a self-deprecating face.

"What, you lost even after doing this?"

Disregarding friends, family, and even his own life, he spewed out everything from Magic Fairy Tales.

I thought that I could destroy anything in the world if I put my mind to it, so the current situation, blocked by the wall called Shirone, was absurd and embarrassing.

"Nade, are you okay?"

Nade looked at Shirone's weeping face, then looked away.

'How am I... ... .'

It wasn't that he didn't even show his bare face without the determination to dig up his business card as a friend.

As the 2,000th system was restarted, a voice guidance was finally heard.



- West Nade. Confirmation of the second place in the final ranking for graduation.



The voices of the audience suddenly disappeared.



-Arian Shirone, the top passer of the Alpheas Magic School Graduation Exam. The data of 30 or more participants is transmitted to the red line.



"Honey, my son... ... ."

Vincent and Olina opened their mouths in a daze, exhausted from being surprised any longer.

It was the most intense graduation exam in the kingdom's history, so it took a long time for the audience to be filled with emotions.

"Lian, did you hear? Did you just hear?"

Reina, who was tapping her brother's shoulder, felt an unusual energy and turned her head to see Lian shaking with clenched fists.

was a little boy

He was nasty enough to tell him sternly when he hid in the library to escape swordsman Kite, excellent enough to succeed in swordsmanship with a wooden sword he had never held before, and strong enough to defeat himself in a real sword match.



- Take responsibility for what you are responsible for.



Could anything more accurately describe his character than these words?



-But you don't have to take responsibility for things you shouldn't be responsible for.



I have no regrets about what my heart chose.



-Even if I die, I don't regret being friends with you.



Because that boy is Shirone.

"Shirone eh!"

Ryan shouted with all his might.

"Let's go! to the world!"

At the signal that Lian's voice echoed throughout the Colosseum, the entire audience stood up and applauded.

"The best! It is the pride of Tormia Kingdom!"

"You will definitely become a great wizard!"

It was so loud that you couldn't even hear the conversation right next to you, and Miro and Poltar, who had embraced each other for the first time, jumped up and down, forgetting their embarrassment.

"Kyaaak! I'm the chief! Shirone is the chief!"

"I told you! I knew you could do it! After all, my eyes were not wrong! Oh wait!"

Foltar, who was delighted with his work, rummaged through his bag and hurriedly wrote down his impressions in a notebook.

On the other hand, Miro's face became a bit sad as he looked at Shirone, who shyly greeted her as if she wasn't used to praise.

'I'm ready.'

Twenty thousand times doesn't mean you can fight more leisurely than real battles, but the gap between virtual and reality certainly existed.

If all the magic that appeared in the graduation exam had collided in reality, the result would have been different from today.

However, since everyone has fought at the same opportunity, it is also true that there is no more proven method than this, and the reason Miro is sad is precisely at this point.

'Shirone, as of today, you have become the best student in the kingdom. But that's why I have to take on more responsibility.'

The world Shirone had to fight in was a real mayhem that was so cruel that it could not be compared to the graduation exam.

'congratulation. And I'm sorry.'

As one of the people who raised Shirone, he had already drawn what he would have to go through in the future.

'It will be hell. You won't want to endure it. You will shed bloody tears, Shirone.'

Even without mentioning the duty of the strong, humanity will eventually stand at the crossroads of destruction, and Shirone, as a member of the whole, must lead everyone.

'So do your best to enjoy today. It's your day.'

Just then, when Miro turned around with a smile on his eyes, a bald middle-aged man approached.

"Here you are, Miro. I couldn't recognize him because he was wearing a hood."

It was Fermi's father, Enrique.

"Oh, but you still came as a son?"

"Because the atmosphere was a little different this time. But it fell."

"I'm sorry. Have you met Fermi?"

"I left without saying anything. I wonder if I will try again next year, maybe even quit school."

Fermi was also a power that Miro couldn't throw away.

"Do not worry about it. He's a kid who never makes a judgment call. Although that's even more nasty."

If it was Olga's son, there would be no problem if he trusted him.

"Hmm, Mirora. where did you hear... ... ! What, a maze!"

Foltar shouted, his eyes wide open.

I don't know anything about the 20 referees, but I couldn't forget her name, which was reputed to be the world's best talent.

Foltar, feeling the cognitive dissonance at the sight of Miro inflating her cheeks and bringing her index finger to her, was trembling, but she put her arms around her shoulder.

"I'm in the worst mood, so let's go get a drink. Of course, as long as the uncle lives."

"... ... Are you really a maze? You don't look like you've aged at all, what the hell have you been doing all this time?"

"Ho-ho-ho! Would you be shocked to hear the story? Enrique, what are you doing? let's go."

Enrique, who shook his head and followed him, asked.

"By the way, are you not going to meet Shirone?"

"yes I'm fine."

Miro looked back as he walked toward the exit of the Colosseum.

"Because we will meet at a higher place."

Amid endless applause, Shirone held out his hand to Nade.

"Nade, can you stand up?"

Nade chuckled and turned his head.

"it's okay. don't think of me as a friend You don't even deserve it."

"That said... ... ."

Just when Shirone was about to say something with a furrowed brow.

"you! You'll have to speak up!"

Iruki ran over and punched Nade in the head.

"ah! Why do you hit me!"

Iruki's finger came in front of Nade's eyes as he turned his head.

"Why are you attacking me twice! Is that on purpose?"

Nade, who blinked for a moment, frowned.

"do not know! Your face must have called a fist! I'm not in a good mood, but I'm interfering."

Iruki narrowed her eyes.

"What's wrong with you? He said he was not interested, but even took the next seat."

Thinking that he should stop talking, Nade looked back at Shirone.

"Anyway, don't forgive me. I will be leaving The Three Musketeers from today."

This time, Shirone hit her head.

"ah! Why, really!"

"Because it's frustrating! Not fighting is not a friend! Friends are the ones who can fight and reconcile! Don't you have that much trust?"

Nade, who was staring at me with gritted teeth, lowered his head with a sad expression.

"It's just that I can't forgive myself. I don't know why."

"It's important to take life seriously, but... ... ."

Iruki put his hand on Nade's shoulder.

"You don't have to live seriously, do you? All well done. Just shake it off and leave."

Do you really deserve it?

At the time of questioning, Shirone held out her hand again and smiled.

"Let's go eat, Nade."

=======================================
[638] People leaving (1)





The administrator broadcasted on a business trip, but many people who had the afterglow of the graduation exam still couldn't leave.

Baikal was also collecting the voices of scouts from other countries while maintaining its position.

As expected, the name that came out the most on their lips was Syrone, and Elizabeth was proud of that.

"It is worth coming to Alpheas Magic School. I don't know how the exams have been in other areas, but it probably won't get as much attention as here."

Now the scouts' job is to write a report.

A detailed evaluation of all 30 people will be written, and after classification according to rank, submit it to the association, and the royal castle's Ministry of Magic will set the terms of the contract and enter into full-scale negotiations.

"Shirone must be caught. Scouts from other countries have already taken action. You will have a huge down payment and options ready."

"We still have a chance. According to the red line agreement, the Ministry of Magic in the country has priority in negotiating for students produced by their country's schools."

Even if it was an international student from another country, it was the same.

"It won't be easy to convince Shirone. You have definitely put your skills into practice. When the veto of negotiations is invoked and announced on the red line, contract terms will be raised competitively in countries around the world. He has no reason to accept it."

"... ... I calculated this from the beginning and went to the graduation exam. Now the position has been reversed."

Lara said.

"We need to drastically raise the terms of the kingdom's highest contract, not just renew it. If you think that offers will come from the Empire, you will never lose money."

Elizabeth agreed.

"If it's reasonable, Shirone wouldn't even want to leave Tormia. After all, it's where I've lived my whole life."

It is not easy to leave a place with a history of life.

"That reasonable level is the problem. Breakthroughs are also established based on experience. The current kingdom's highest annual salary is 24 million gold, which was signed 10 years ago. Aside from the extra benefits and options, there was a lot of talk among the nobility. After all, I was just a graduate without an official license."

If it was 24 million gold, it was an amount that an unofficial wizard with average economic activities in Tormia's mercenary guild could not earn even if he worked for 10,000 years.

It was an income gap that was unconvincing even considering the enormous value magic created.

It was the uniqueness of the magic field created by the exclusivity of the manpower base where no alternative industry could exist, the problems directly related to national defense, and the competitive spirit of countries around the world integrated into the red line network.

In fact, it was a common sentiment in each country to want to hold on to a world-famous wizard, even if it cost billions of gold a year.

"However, the party to the contract easily passed the official certification and is now the commander of the kingdom's guard magic unit. If it's enough to renew the highest contract, public recognition is not a problem."

"Then how much do you offer? 1 million? 10 billion? Empire can pay. It's not because Shirone's magic is 100 or 1,000 times stronger. It's because it's a magic that only Shirone can do. If you beat them with money, the kingdom is no match."

Veteran Baikal's prediction is probably correct.

"First of all, you will have to offer more than money in the negotiations. Since he said he was a commoner, giving him a noble title is one way. But I'm skeptical that the Ministry of Magic will do that."

"Why? Of course you have to catch Shirone, don't you?"

"I think so because we are mages and scouts. There are many things to think about in various ways, such as the resistance of nobles and the elimination of royal ponies. It's politics from now on."

Baikal's wrinkles deepened.

"And politics always betrays individual common sense."



* * *



Participants who took a break in the waiting room left the Colosseum only after the audience had left their seats.

The audience, who had not yet left school, applauded from afar, and numerous parents looked around for their children.

"mom!"

Shirone found Olina and Vincent standing with the Ogent family and ran to them.

"Shirone!"

Of course, Olina was the first to hug her, and she wept profusely as she buried her face in her now grown-up son's chest.

"Was it hard? Are you not hurt anywhere?"

Even after crossing the huge mountain of passing the graduation exam, Shirone's simple nature of taking care of her child's health first brought tears to her eyes.

"It's okay, Mom. sorry."

I didn't want to show a fierce fight.

"Good job. You really worked hard, Shirone."

Lian and Raina watched with delighted expressions as Vincent hugged his son and wife at the same time.

Amy's mother, Isis, pointed to the Colosseum as other participants were also reunited with their parents.

"Here is Amy."

I couldn't read the emotion on the face that seemed lost in thought or dazed.

"Amy, here you are."

Hearing Isis' voice, Amy came to her senses and approached with her head bowed.

4th place in the final graduation ranking.

Although she took the top spot, it was unclear whether her pride, which had never missed first place since she was young, would be accepted.

"I'm worried. I must have been greedy because I even did it."

Amy's father, Shakora, spoke solemnly.

"Don't frown. Pretending not to know is helping."

Amy stopped in front of the two of them, lowered her head, and shook her shoulders.

"mom. Dad."

At that moment when she didn't know what to say, she made a V with her hands while shedding tears.

"me... ... You did it. I passed."

Shakora, who was so moved, couldn't control her emotions and hugged her daughter.

"yes! Great job, my daughter! you are the best!"

It's 4th place now, but that doesn't mean it will be 4th place forever.

How burdensome the second test must have been with the Karmis family's honor on their backs.

'This is the beginning, Amy! Be proud of what you've done!'

If you did your best and were satisfied, the child's rank was not important to the parents.

"My daughter passed!"

Isis blushed as Shakora lost face and shouted.

"Honey, don't do it. Like an outstretched arm... ... ."

"Ahaha!"

Amy wiped away her tears with a sniffle and smiled brightly.

Unlike the Karmis family, which overflowed with family love, the members of the Mercodyne family were calm.

"I never expected you to graduate from school. My hair looks rusty now."

At the first word of the albino, Arganes stabbed him in the side.

"Is that what you say to your son? Congratulations, Iruki."

Arganes showed respect to his son, and Iruki just nodded.

Although she is definitely a mother who grew up drinking milk, Mercodyne's blood separates emotions and reason, so it was difficult for Arganes to deal with her son as he grew older.

"You sure rusted. Can I open it up and clean it for you?"

"Ku-k-k-k-k-k-k!"

The albino, who shook his shoulders at the impersonal joke typical of a Mercodyne, asked while touching his nose.

"Okay, what are you going to do now? If you really want to wash my hair, I won't dry it."

Iruki looked back at the Colosseum.

"I was satisfied enough. I will go to the dragon mine."

The corners of the albino's mouth rose meaningfully.

Machines use and discard, but humans replicate.

If it was Iruki, he wouldn't be lacking as his successor.

"Are you okay? This floor is not too hard. I think being a wizard is a good life."

"You said you were satisfied."

It was enough to ask him twice to confirm his resolve.

"Graduate and come to the capital. Do not prepare."

Each family has a different disposition, but in the end, they are a family.

And on the other hand, a family that was worse than others was facing an awkward reunion.

"Congratulations."

Ballroom shook hands, but Nade turned his head away as if he didn't want to say anything.

Ballroom, who withdrew his embarrassing hand, pushed his wife's back and said.

"You say something too."

Teria glared at him terribly, but Nade wasn't as scared as before.

Because you have the freedom to do anything.

"Are you going to be a wizard?"

Even if she wasn't interested in her son, she was a quick-witted terria about which wizard was making a lot of money.

Of course, he knew that if he was second in the graduation exam, he could hit the jackpot on the down payment.

"Nope. I won't be a wizard. There is no association that would take a guy like me."

Teria's expression crumpled.

"What the hell are you, why did we send you to magic school... ... !"

"I get it. If you don't want to do it, don't do it."

Teria raised her eyes at Ballroom's words.

"honey! What are you talking about!"

"You stop too. We didn't do well either. yes Nade. If you're not a wizard, what are you going to do next?"

Even though they don't want to mix a word, it's family that opens their mouths nonetheless.

"I'm not quitting right away, and even if I'm not a public official, I'm going to do some work because I'm qualified. After that, I want to save money and open an alchemy shop. In my name, not West."

The words were full of denial and distrust of the family, but Ballroom nodded and took out a document from his inside pocket.

"Take it. It is a land left to give to you someday. Sell ??it and use it to open the store."

Nade raised his head with a puzzled expression, but Teria was more surprised than that.

"honey! How could you not consult me... ... ! No, before that, where did you get this money from?"

"It's not your money. not my money Grandpa left you So don't worry and take it."

"You say that now! How do we live now!"

Ballroom took Nade's hand and squeezed the document into it.

"There are opportunities for people. Maybe this is your last chance to be a parent."

Nade looked at the envelope with his grandfather's signature on it and handed it to Teria without emotion.

"take it. I don't need it."

The unexpected words drained the blood from Teria's face.

"I want to do it alone in the future. So my mother writes. The money that went into me... ... I will pay you back someday."

Terria, who had to put out the fire urgently, had no choice but to accept it, but her pride was shattered.

"Are you going to cut ties? Are you saying you'll never see me again?"

"It's not like that. I'll see you when things settle down. Take a look."

Teria spoke softly the moment Ned turned around.

"... ... I was going to go."

Nade's steps stopped.

"I was going to go back too."

"I know."

For the first time in his life, Nade could smile in front of his mother.

"Do not worry. Because I am not afraid anymore."

I will not resent anyone or hate the world.

When we swim desperately to land, perhaps the day will come when we will laugh heartily.

While Nade sent his parents away, Shirone was having a long-awaited reunion with Lian.

"Thank you, Lian. I heard you."

If it wasn't for Lian's prowess, he would still be wandering in the hell of the apocalypse.

"ha ha ha! Of course you should! You will be surprised how strong I have become!"

I could feel that I wasn't the Lian I knew before, just by the aura that emanated from me.

"In that sense... ... ."

Ryan said with his eyes shining.

"Let's fight with swords. Revenge for past defeats... ... Ouch!"

Reina couldn't stand it and slapped the back of her head.

"Everything you think is childish? What does it matter now?"

"This is an important matter for me! I have to defeat Shirone!"

'It's still the same.'

Despite his large body, Lian was Lian.

"Lian, I can't defeat you with my sword anymore."

Embarrassed, Lian cleared her throat.

"No, I didn't want an answer like that... ... ."

"So."

Shirone laughed and said.

"I wish you well in the future."

It was the answer I really wanted to hear.

"Of course, Shirone."

Cut down anyone who threatens Shirone.

It was the first article of law inscribed in the Kingdom of Faith.

=======================================
[639] People leaving (2)





After the personal greeting, Reina officially joined hands and spoke on behalf of the Ogent family.

"Congratulations, Shirone. I knew you could do it too."

"thank you."

Shirone also bowed her head.

Without the support of the Ogent family, it would have been even more difficult to achieve the wizard's dream.

"Ho-ho-ho! to be thankful Thanks to that, Ogent's name became known to the world. You can't pretend you don't know later."

"Absolutely. After I graduate, I will go to greet the head of the household."

In any case, since he took the top spot, it was obvious that various organizations would reach out, and wherever he was, he was with Lian.

"Here you are."

When Iruki's father Albino approached, Shirone greeted him nervously.

"hello. This is Iruki's friend, Arian Shirone."

"Shirone, don't be too formal. Just think of it as air."

Iruki became anxious at the albino's words that he dared to meet Shirone and leave.

"I heard a lot about Iruki. Please take good care of our son in the future."

"Please. They are friends."

When the albino held out his hand, Shirone grabbed it.

"When you go out into society, it's not necessarily like that. There could also be diplomatic problems."

"Ah, but... ... ."

"Today is a big slope. Please work hard for the kingdom of Tormia from now on."

The albino's words clearly had the intention of incorporating Shirone into their country.

"Why does my father decide other people's future? It's Shirone's life, so leave it to her."

The magic department was in charge of the contract, but as the head of the dragon, such a talented person could not be taken away by another country.

"It's not even your life. I want to hear what Shirone thinks."

It was clear that it was difficult to speak openly, but Shirone spoke openly.

"Nothing has been decided yet. I am thinking of making the best choice for me."

Iruki let out a breath with a relieved expression.

"You thought it would work? Isn't your hair really rusty?"

'That's why you're still far away, kid.'

Iruki will follow in the footsteps of the albino and enter the dragon mine.

As the brain to oversee the kingdom's policies, it would be a world of difference whether Shirone was present or not among the horses he could move.

It was the father's heart that he wanted to put Shirone next to his son in advance.

'Anyway, if it's a friend, there's no need to be too harsh.'

Albino, who had given up his greed, approached Vincent to relieve the stiff atmosphere.

"Congratulations. You raised his son wonderfully."

When the highest nobility bowed, Vincent did not know what to do.

"no. We didn't do anything."

"Of course you would."

"Yes?"

When Vincent looked up, the albino smiled benevolently.

"The best parents are those who trust and watch over their children."

"Oh, is that so?"

The albino, who had calmed down, turned around and spoke to Shirone.

"Come see me whenever you have a chance. It will be more helpful than your stupid son."

"Yes. thank you."

Shirone also readily accepted this time.

Iruki, who was following his father as he moved, looked back and asked.

"Are you coming later?"

"Of course I should go. See you at the party."

The tradition of holding a small party for successful candidates on the night after the graduation exam was the same this year.

"Shirone, when are you going?"

Amy, who sent her family back, came over.

"Yeah, I have to go now."

Amy passed by Shirone and bowed her head to Vincent and Olina.

"hello. How have you been?"

"Heh heh, what the heck... ... ."

While Vincent covered up the awkwardness caused by the difference in status with a broad smile, Olina took Amy's hand despite her timidity.

"I had a really hard time."

"Hehe, there's also Shirone."

It was a woman's instinct, and Reina, who watched it, felt sick to her stomach.

Lian greeted her warmly, as if it was her sister's feelings.

"Amy, that was really cool."

"Liaaan."

Lian hugged Amy, who was running fast, and lifted her with force until her shoulder blades were crushed.

"Ugh!"

Amy, screaming mischievously, stomped her feet and came down when Caden approached.

"Are you going to the party?"

There is no doubt about the joy of passing, but it was heartbreaking to meet those who failed.

"yes. gotta go Do you want to go too?"

It is polite not to go to the dropouts so as not to spoil the mood of the successful applicants, but it was the last chance for Caden to confess to Maya.

"no. With what qualifications do I go? I wanted you to give it to me instead. congratulations."

"If that's the case, I'd rather go with you. Maya should know enough by now."

There would be no rush during the graduation exam, but when everything was over and I looked back, there was no way I wouldn't know that Caden had protected Maya.

"That's why I don't want to go. Maya... ... I hope you don't get hurt."

"Do not get hurt. This is the graduation that Maya desperately wanted. Rather, there are many things I want to say to you."

Caden shook his head.

"I want you to forget even that."

"Anyway, stubbornness."

Amy, who was on her back, let out a snort.

"What are you going to do next? I hate to say this, but I'm sure you'll pass next year."

Because there is no Maya.

The Red Cross will do anything if you don't really want it.

"no. I'll go back to my family If it wasn't for Maya, I would have left the school."

"Hmm, then what are you going to do now?"

"You have to think slowly. And... ... ."

Cayden turned to Shirone.

"I have no intention of getting involved in your life, but Maya did her best for you. don't hurt I won't forgive her if she makes her cry."

"You won't forgive me?"

The last words touched Lian's heart.

"I can't accept that. I don't know the circumstances, but Shirone will take care of it anyway."

"If you don't know the situation, get out. What are you?"

Blood rose in Lian's temples.

"Ogent Lian. It is Shirone's sword."

"Shirone's sword?"

Recalling the oath to become a knight, Cayden finally looked into Lian's face.

"Ah, Ogent."

Being from a famous swordsman family, Cayden had heard things before entering magic school.

"I heard that the Ogent family had a blue-haired man with no talent, so it must have been you."

Even with a brief conversation, Lian realized.

In life, there will always be people you hate for no reason, and this corrupt guy in front of you will become one of them.

Just like his older brother Rai.

"Yes, I am the blue hair. But I guess you don't know this. That there is no one who did not kneel before those who talked about their talent in front of me. Would you like me to kneel here too?"

Caden burst into laughter.

"I believe in the size and play around... ... ."

Even if it was Ogent, Cross, the best swordsman family in the kingdom, could not give up on it.

When Cayden applied a light press technique, Lian felt her body grow and widened her eyes.

A chill ran down Cayden's spine as the technology was destroyed.

'What is this?'

At the swordsmanship academy, he had experienced countless killings, but it was the first time he felt his body split in two as vividly as he does now.

'This guy... ... It's a ghost.'

It seemed as if the lives of the countless people he had cut down so far were being washed away.

'I'm pretty blunt too.'

Conversely, it meant that he was far away from the battlefield.

'It's a sword.'

The time to reach a certain level was not important to the Red Cross, so I didn't feel particularly nervous.

"Remember, Ogent Lian."

As Cayden left, Shirone turned to Lian and said.

"We are going to the prom now, Lian, would you like to come too? I will also introduce you to my friends."

"no. Today I'm going to have fun with my school friends. After graduation, come to Ogent's home. For the time being, my parents will be staying there too."

The Ogent family was already aware that Shirone's graduation could bring an external force to the family.

"okay, thanks."

Their consideration was warm and their thorough thinking was reassuring.

As Lian took her family to the carriage, Amy grabbed Shirone by the arm.

"Let's go too. You should have fun."

"Okay, let's go!"

For the first and last graduation exam, I was thinking of drinking until I was drunk.

until you get really drunk.



* * *



Seven fingers pressed the piano keys with a bang.

Then, a mad melody rushed in, and the performer, Frings, swayed and sang with his eyes wide open.

"Sweet lover! oh! my love!"

Beside him, Fjord was poisoned and playing the violin.

Even the cracking voices and the bizarre cacophony were enjoyable, and a drinking party was held where the successful candidates and their acquaintances gathered.

"Cheers!"

Shirone, Iruki, and Nade sat down at the table and clashed beer glasses.

They were exhausted from fighting from morning to evening, but their hearts seemed to fly away.

"Big! It's cool!"

Nade wiped his lips and looked around the party.

"Come to think of it, it looks like Maya isn't coming."

Cayden asked Amy to convey the words, but in fact, Shirone had some intuition.

'Because the goodbyes are over.'

Iruki said.

"The lichen didn't even come."

"You must have lost your self-esteem. I was completely overwhelmed by Nade, who is of the same type."

"It may not be the only reason. I thought I would have a big fight with Fermi, but he was unexpectedly cool."

"Hmm, since I passed anyway, I guess I won in the end?"

"Not coming to the prom means you're going to ride the black line. If you look at it like that, there's nothing good about getting entangled with us, right?"

"Well, because my father is a hired killer."

"Ahahaha! Ahahahaha!"

Then I heard Amy's laughter from the center of the hall.

"uh? Amy dances."

A blush bloomed on Amy's face as she held hands with Seriel and spun around.

"Passed! Wow! Seriel! I passed!"

"congratulation! congratulation!"

The eyes of the three people who had been staring at her in awe slowly turned away from her.

"I must have been drunk. Isn't it dangerous?"

"What have we not drunk? Leave it alone. It's red-faced, so I'll take care of it."

At least today, every action will be innocent.

Meanwhile, Dante is meeting Closer and Sabina outside the party.

"Are you really not going to come?"

"it's okay. You can't break tradition. And... ... I want to taste it when I'm really happy. I mean next year."

Dante fully understood that feeling.

"Anyway, I'm sorry it turned out this way."

Sabina said.

"The person who passed the pass passed. I feel a little better now."

Everyone had potential, but the slightest difference made the difference between passing and failing.

Closer asked, turning to Sabina.

"Aren't you going to see Nade? Or at least ask Dante to deliver the words."

There was no way she didn't know her feelings for Nade, but Sabina shook her head again this time.

"no. I can't go to Nade yet."

As Nade did in the past, those who stayed in school could not hold back those who went out into society.

"excuse me. I'll go in."

At that time, Liz asked for forgiveness from Dante and the others who were blocking the entrance.

"Ah yes."

It was near midnight, so Dante, who had moved out of the way, stared at Liz.

It was a beauty, and it gave off a mature atmosphere to be called an acquaintance of a graduate.

"Wow, pretty. Who is your lover?"

Sabina asked, but Dante and Closer didn't know.

'Ha, what should I do? Should I just go back?'

Liz's heart started pounding again as she stepped down the stairs.

'No matter how you think about it, it's strange. They'll see me as a crazy woman.'

What would Nade think if he didn't even come to the graduation exam and stormed into the party?

However, even after thinking about it for hours after the exam, I couldn't bear to turn around.

Liz took a deep breath as she heard the grotesque music coming from inside the door.

'Let's think again while counting to ten. one. two.'

Just then, the door burst open and Nade, who was looking back, appeared.

"Puhahaha! hey! Anyway, that was too much! yes?"

He was about to go out with his friends to have an affair, when he saw a familiar face somewhere.

'what? Are you drunk?'

Liz, pale and tired, raised a stiff hand in greeting.

"Oh, hello, Nade?"

=======================================
[640] People leaving (3)





Nade doubted his eyes.

No matter how he thought about it, there was no reason for Liz to be here, who should have been in the capital's arsenal.

Of course, that was just Ned's thoughts, which exploded with emotion, and Shirone calmly grasped the situation.

"Uh, then shall we have another drink?"

"Wait for a moment. I have something to point out. How hard do we go through then... ... !"

When Iruki pointed with his eyes wide open, Shirone pushed him inside as if to tackle him and shouted.

"Then let's talk!"

thud! After the door closed, Nade was finally able to accept the reality.

"Why is Liz-senpai here?"

There was only one reason why she came here, but if you ask why, she couldn't bear to say it.

"that is... ... So."

As expected, nothing like a situation in which Nade was welcomed with open arms did not happen, and her thoughts were twisted, and she spat out anything.

"Then he left like that. I'm here to say congratulations. Congratulations on passing the graduation exam."

He smiled and said it, but his expression and gestures were awkward.

"thanks."

I thought that maybe a new future could be opened, but my already wounded heart did not open easily.

In front of Nade's closed door, Liz realized that she could do nothing more.

How long after you broke up with Oscar would you knock on Nade's door?

"then... ... Have fun."

Nade grabbed Liz by the wrist as she climbed the stairs.

"What if I leave like that?"

Liz shook her wrist as she was about to burst into tears.

"Sorry. wasn't coming I'll go."

"Oh really!"

When Nade didn't let go of her hand, Liz's heel caught on the stairs and she fell backwards.

"Oops!"

At the same time, Nade, who had been pushed back, threw his back against the basement wall, and Liz hurriedly turned around to examine his body.

"It's fine? Aren't you hurt?"

Nade looked into Liz's wet eyes for a long time without answering.

"Can I not go?"

Liz shook her head and finally buried her face in Nade's arms, unable to hold back her tears.

"Am I a very bad person?"

"It is not so. It was Mr. Oscar who betrayed you first."

"still... ... Anyway, this is weird."

"I do."

Nade grabbed Liz by the shoulder and pushed him away slowly.

"So, just this one time, it gets weird. I will never make you a strange woman again."

A huge sense of relief came over her, as if the war had ended, and Liz cried out.

"Sorry! I'm sorry, Nade."

Sabina, who looked down from the first floor to see Nade rubbing Liz's back, turned away with a sad expression.

"let's go. We have to train again tomorrow."

"yes. Let's fight mindlessly."

Following Sabina, Closer placed a firm hand on her shoulder.

The graduation party lasted well past midnight, and it wasn't until 4:00 in the morning that it hit the waves.

While most of them fell on the table and fell asleep, Shirone and the others left the party in a drunken state.

Nade, who escaped the crowd holding Liz's hand, looked back at his friends and said.

"I'll take senior Liz and go. You guys go in first."

Everyone knew he wouldn't be back today, but no one said it.

The graduation exam was over anyway, so it didn't matter what I did.

"yes. I'll see you tomorrow."

As Nade left with Liz, Seriel realized something and slapped Amy on the back.

"Then I'll go back to my inn."

It was Seriel who had set up an inn in the city.

"this time? Don't do that, go to sleep in my room."

'Anyway, since I'm a loyalist... ... .'

It was lovely to see him like that, but at least for today, as a friend, he should have avoided it.

"it's okay. I have to go up early tomorrow. You can see it at the graduation ceremony anyway."

"Still, it's dangerous to be alone... ... ."

To say that night roads are dangerous for a licensed wizard is not appropriate, but emotionally it was a different matter.

"I'll take you."

When Iruki, who was sober, spoke, Seriel chimed in.

"That will do. If it's Iruki, then I can be at ease."

"... ... what does it mean?"

"Come on, come on! It's late, so let's go quickly."

Seriel, who was pushing away from Iruki, suddenly looked back and winked.

"Congratulations, Amy."

Amy, who knew the meaning of the wink, blushed, but it was already too late to argue.

Unlike usual, when the friends left and only the two of them were left, the atmosphere suddenly became awkward.

"Would you like a little walk? Let's get drunk too."

As expected, Shirone didn't ask to go in right away, and Amy nodded nervously.

"Is that so?"

The two strolled through the garden, each lost in thought, and sat side by side on a bench lit by crystal lights.

"Haa, this is the last time I walk here."

"Yeah. I ran for today, but honestly, I never thought this day would come."

Amy asked, turning her head.

"What are you going to do?"

"yes? What?"

"I think you went too far. Perhaps scouting proposals will come from all over the world. Tormia Kingdom, are you leaving?"

The criterion for selection would be the future, but what Amy really wanted to hear was the future between the two of them.

Knowing that this is a matter that cannot be easily answered, Amy was the first to get lucky.

"I think I will stay in Tormia. I will prepare for public recognition for a year and submit an application for enlistment in the magic unit."

The Karmis family was the first-class aristocrat of Tormia, and it was difficult to accept a proposal from another country in such a position.

"But Shirone, I want you to do what you want. Even if we go to another country, we... ... ."

"I'm not going."

"yes?"

Scouts are the inner thoughts of the unknown person, but they had to be honest with Amy.

"If you stay in the kingdom, I will stay too."

"Bah, you idiot. It's such an easy decision to make... ... ."

"I like you, Amy."

Amy's heart started beating like crazy.

"I will join the Tormia Kingdom Magic Association. and with you... ... ."

Thinking that it would be premature to talk about the distant future, Shirone asked with a smile.

"What do you think? If I stay in Tormia Kingdom to be with you."

"You fool! That's it, of course... ... !"

Is it possible to limit the future because of love, with so many possibilities right in front of you?

But today, my head couldn't win over my heart.

"good. I like you too, Shirone."

As soon as the consent was given, a thrill of joy flooded in.

"Amy... ... ."

Amy, not having the courage to look at the slowly approaching Shirone, eventually closed her eyes tightly.

The emotions between the two were cautious, as if walking on thin ice, but the feeling of their lips touching was so surprising.

silence. Static again.

A night that seemed like it would never end was passing by.



* * *



The data of the graduation exam held simultaneously at the Magic School under the Red Line was spreading to magic associations around the world at a frightening speed.

It is no exaggeration to say that the infrastructure of the red line, which is based on the country, is wrapped around the planet, so the black line and the white line were also alert on the day of the graduation exam.

Some students will choose the black line, but entering the white line was not an option.

It was literally the hall of intellect where the world's best wizards gathered, and they were the rulers of the magical world who did not even pay attention to the name of genius.

Above the border between the Kashan Empire and the Gustaf Empire, there is an ice zone that can be reached by passing through the Ice Sea.

People called that place the North Pole, and there was an ivory tower called the tip of magic built here, as cold as intelligence.

No matter where you start in the world, it's the furthest place on the planet in a sense, but it only took half a day for the Red Line's graduation exam data to arrive.

"Hmm, that sounds interesting."

An old man was walking along the middle of a hallway wide enough to see that it was blocked by a wall in the distance.

Araka, the head of the Ivory Tower's internal affairs.

He is 117 years old this year and has never been outside since becoming a resident of the Ivory Tower at the age of 16.

The Ivory Tower is a city with so many people working there, but only a few can go outside.

In the tower, they are referred to as stars and a surname is added in front of their full name, and in exceptional cases, there are people who work on a fixed-term basis by signing a separate agreement.

A representative example is Armin of the Gwangan, but considering that his magic is unique in the world, this case can be said to be rare in history.

Therefore, the title Sungseong means that it is trusted by all the residents of the Ivory Tower, which cannot be compared with any power in the world, and it is a shackle that must not deviate from the orbital cycle of the intellect.

Currently, there are 27 people who have received the title of stars in the Ivory Tower, and they are solving superhuman difficulties by traveling around the world with aides called satellites.

The reason why not only the kingdom but even the empire are paying attention to the power of a single tower is because all the residents are wizards walking on the cutting edge.

And today, Araka had a list of candidates to become the new stars of the Ivory Tower.

"Taesung, I have something to report to you."

When Araka reached the platform and uttered a voice, the light wrapped around him and moved his body into the sky.

Taeseong lives at the top of a tower, but the tower was an artificial planet that rotates just like a planet outside the atmosphere.

Out of the window, the universe stretches out, and if you look down, the continents of the planet stretch out like a map.

A beginner would understand the meaning of scale just by coming here, but Araka didn't even turn his head and went straight ahead.

Upon arriving at the main gate of the Temple of Earth, a man who seemed to have only bones left was floating in the air with his cross-legged seat.

"It's been a while, Araka-san. It's been 1,273 days. Is it time for a new star to rise?"

It was Mahagartha, the Buddha (the enlightened one), one of the five stars that shine the most in the Ivory Tower.

"Bright Odaeseong, after a while, candidates for stars have appeared. Is Taeseong inside?"

"That's something I don't know. However, if you allowed the perforation, how about going in?"

Light emanated from Mahagaruta's open eyes and enveloped the world, and the landscape changed in an instant.

Earth Temple.

If you look at the universe from this place surrounded by hemispherical glass, you will forget that the ivory tower has taken root in mankind.

"What do you mean by that, Araka?"

Taeseong was nowhere to be seen, but Araka prostrated himself at her voice.

"We received data from graduates of magic schools around the world. We have selected 10 candidates worthy of the title of star, so please refer to it."

"Since they are still immature, what is there to refer to? It's enough to give the title of star to the most outstanding person. Did you come to me just because of this?"

The Ivory Tower selects only the world's No. 1 prospects, and, befitting its sharp standard, it does not even consider anything other than potential.

"Taesung, this time is a little different."

"Hoo?"

Araka raised her head and said.

"For the first time in the human world, more than 90 percent of graduates have appeared."

The wind seemed to be blowing, and as the air gathered, a woman dressed in snow-white clothes appeared.

"Ninety percent."

The voice that came out of the nurturing was also clear.

Araka walked to his knees and submitted the list.

"Please see and rate for yourself."

It was a list of the 10 best prospects in the world right now.



1st. La Enemie (age 19): 98.7 percent.

Special Note: Incarnation Reincarnation.

2nd place. Dahlia Nane (age 17): 89.4 percent.

Specifics: None.

3rd place. Jin Voice (20 years old): 89.2%.

Special Note: Unlocker - Aether Wave.

4th place. Ariane Shirone (age 19): 88.9 percent.

Peculiarities: Unlocker - Particles of God.

5th place. Tona Jett, 18: 84.3 percent.

Specifics: None.

6th place. Wena Wizard (age 4): 79.1 percent.

Special note: maternal awakening.

7th place. Galmun Claude (25 years old): 78.8 percent.

Special note: Eating out on a regular basis.

8th place. Levon Priya (22): 78.6 percent.

Specifics: None.

9th. Skye Weego, 20: 78.5 percent.

Special: Unlocker-Scale.

10th place. Mutal Trimone (age 19): 74.2 percent.

Specifics: None.

=======================================
[641] Dead End (1)





Nade woke up in Liz's bed and frowned as he felt the hangover from last night wash over him.

'Senior Liz... ... .'

When I turned my head in the vague memory like a dream, Liz was asleep with only her face pulled out of the blanket.

'I should drink in moderation.'

Shouldn't we remember it vividly!

"Hmm."

Finding clothes strewn under the bed, Nade opened his eyes anxiously and slowly lifted the covers.

"stop. In situ."

Liz smiled and stretched as the half-raised blanket was put back into place.

"Sneaky. did you sleep well?"

"Hehe, it looks cold, so I'm going to cover you with a blanket. wake up. I have to go get breakfast."

"Oh, I can't eat. I must have had too much to drink yesterday."

Liz, who was wriggling under the covers, crawled over to Ned and put her lips on her stomach and made a sound with a drum.

"Hahaha! It tickles!"

"Let's wait a little longer and then leave. yes?"

Nade, who was looking lovingly at Liz's face, gradually lost his smile.

"Leeds."

"yes?"

"Won't you regret it?"

Liz corrected her expression at Nade's serious question, then jumped up and wrapped herself in a blanket.

"Why do you say that? do you regret it?"

"I will not become a wizard. I have no accumulated wealth. There must be a lot of hard work in the future, but I wonder if I can really make you happy... ... ."

Realizing that, Liz smiled with a relieved expression.

"You don't make me happy. We create happiness together."

Nade, who had lived his entire life with a sense of responsibility, didn't even know what happiness was.

"Let's swim together. I will work hard too."

"Liz... ... ."

Nade looked at him with moved eyes, and Liz asked back with a shy smile.

"But are you really going to be okay? If the grade of graduating from the magic school was second, the future of the wizard would not be bad."

Nade shook his head.

"My limit ends here. Iruki knew that too, so he decided to enter the dragon mine. If you're satisfied, you can't go any higher."

"is it? It doesn't matter if you don't regret it."

"Of course I want to be the best. But you'll never be the best with magic. You know when you see Shirone."

"Well, that kid definitely felt differently."

"right. It's a subtle difference, but few people can imprint that feeling. that's an area It's the strongest competition that you can't even dare to mess with except for Shirone."

It was a battle of how much difference could be made between those who reached the same level.

"A pyramid of competition built with human blood and flesh. I'm down from there To go on a new road with you."

"Thank you, Nade."

With Liz in his arms, Nade looked back at the bright sunlight coming in and cheered for his friend's future.

'Good luck, Shirone.'



* * *



Tormia Kingdom Magic Association.

"You're annoying."

When Lufist returned from attending the special trial and hit the desk, it splintered as if he had been cut with an axe.

"Did you finally get it through?"

Jane's expression was also not good.

"It is unanimous. Shirone can't graduate. Criminals are deprived of the right to use public institutions."

"You are a criminal. What name is it?"

"Insulting royalty."

"Shirone is... ... Have you insulted royalty?"

The file folder Rufist threw fell under the broken desk, but there was no need to read it anyway.

"I committed twenty-three sins. I bet everything I could, such as omitting honorifics, belittling the royal family, molestation, and injury."

"But isn't that the problem that Miss Pony decided to deal with when she entered magic school? If you think about it like that, the other students have also committed a crime against Miss Pony."

"The standards are ambiguous. That would be the case if the person concerned only felt shame for Shirone. Being a commoner is really great."

"I didn't see him with that personality."

"I guess so. These are pictures from the heads of politicians."

"... ... I'm going to tame Shirone."

"yes. I really don't think I'll ever graduate. The average trade value of Shirone, set by scouts around the world, is approximately 2.25 billion gold. Apart from research, there are rumors that the Jincheon Empire has prepared 30 billion gold."

Considering Jincheon's aggressive behavior in the wizarding world recently, it wasn't impossible at all.

"If Shirone is released as a free agent, the kingdom will not be able to afford it. Therefore, graduation itself is blocked at the source. They used the rule that those who do not qualify for graduation are not posted on the red line."

"But it is a risky strategy. Isn't the red line the only thing Shirone can choose from?"

"If you choose the black line, your family, friends, and everyone involved with it will suffer. The White Line hasn't added any additional staff in nearly four years. Even if he did, what fool would refuse the kingdom's offer expecting that he would be number one in the world?"

Shirone certainly set a great record, but Tormia was also just a country from a global perspective.

"It's a situation where everything is blocked."

"The higher up thinks it's certain, so they push forward. I'm going to ask for a lousy deal in exchange for getting rid of the insult. It must be about 100 million, and the rest goes into the pockets of politicians."

"It is a bit bitter."

"I don't feel good as a wizard either. However, with this method, there is little chance of being taken away by other countries. No matter how we treat it, it is in our interest to strengthen the association's strength. The negotiating team should have started by now."

"Do you think Shirone will readily accept it?"

"You just need to close your eyes and bend once. Then graduation and future as a wizard are guaranteed."

"Under the system of the Kingdom of Tormia."

Lufist also knew the reason why Jane was caught.

"He's a smart guy, so I can only hope he makes a wise choice... ... ."



* * *



Returning to school, Nade finds the advanced class students gathered in front of the central bulletin board.

"what? Did something happen?"

As he made his way through the crowd to read the official document, his eyes shook in shock and his body turned around on its own.

"Shirone! Where is Shirone?"

When I opened the door to the dormitory, Iruki and Amy stood by, and Shirone was sitting alone on the bed.

"What happened? Blasphemy against royalty!"

Shirone raised her hand with a tired expression.

"Come on. Did you have fun with Liz-senpai?"

"It doesn't matter now! What else is graduation cancellation?"

Iruki said.

"Don't make a fuss. We already did everything when you were gone."

Nade brought a chair and sat down.

"Why did this suddenly happen?"

"It must be the kingdom's strategy. Pony sued Shirone. Ogent's side is preparing an appeal, but it won't work. Because it is a special trial by royal decree."

There was life in Ned's eyes.

"Where is Pony? I will meet you."

said Amy.

"In the girls' dormitory. But it's already under control. The magicians of the Kreas branch of the Magic Association are guarding it fiercely. We almost got arrested when we tried to force entry."

"The trainee is the problem! No, if you're as good as Shirone, you can go in without being noticed!"

Shirone laughed bitterly.

"It wasn't Pony's initiative. Not that kind of personality. It must have been an order from the family. Iruki thinks it's a ploy to lower the terms of the contract. So I'm going to wait and see."

"No, even if I begged you to come, it wouldn't be enough! gotta figure it out somehow I have two children from the highest noble families as friends."

"It's a royal order. A title of nobility doesn't help."

"Terase! Does that person know you? Even the royal family won't be able to move if the empire steps forward!"

Iruki shook his head again.

"This is a matter within the kingdom. If Kashan interferes in internal affairs, use that as an excuse to move Gustav and Jincheon. Do you see what I mean? We are no longer students. It is definitely a real battleground."

"It's real, it's irrational!"

"Don't get excited, think calmly. If you are stamped in the kingdom, you can't do business in this country either. If they get entangled there, Liz-senpai could be harmed too. do you want that?"

When I thought that, my heart sank, and the gigantic reality rushed in for the first time.

"As expected, in exchange for graduation, they will ask for a contract. By holding the family hostage. The best you can do is to raise the terms of the contract as much as possible. Anyway, Shirone doesn't think it's bad to stay in Tormia."

"Are you going to stay here? Do you look down on me like this?"

Shirone said while holding Amy's hand.

"I don't want to leave Amy behind. After all, you become a wizard. You can also get a job at the Magic Association."

It was impossible to ruin all that happiness at a point where the sensation of the first kiss was still vividly alive.

"Oh really! I'm going to lose my temper!"

Unlike Nade, who had a tantrum, Shirone and Amy just looked at each other with apologetic eyes.

Resisting Wangseong's decision means accepting that we can't be together in the future, so I had no choice but to notice that if I spoke out first, I would be hurt.

'Yes, it's okay to be a little unreasonable. With Amy... ... .'

Because there will be far more happy days than sad days.

Then someone knocked on the door.

"Arian Shirone! It's a royal decree! Greet the Executive Officer of the Royal Castle Magic Department!"

"I will leave now."

After finishing her mental preparation, Shirone walked to the door and looked back at her friends.

"See you later. I will ask for your advice when negotiating."

The entire school had already gathered in a circle in the central plaza, and a golden carriage was standing under escort.

Next to Liman, the Magistrate's Executive Executor, stood a dried-up Pony with her head bowed.

'You look thin.'

The wise wizard's eyes were nowhere to be found, and the eyes were empty as if the soul was missing.

Pony did everything she could to resist the royal family's decision, but she was also just a member of numerous royal families.

'I am a puppet. Puppet of bloodline.'

Ignoring Pony's quivering lips, Lyman read the official document clearly.

"Royal Decree No. 2467! The results of the graduation exam of Ariane Shirone, who committed the serious crime of insulting the royal family, are completely nullified!"

Even in the midst of numerous crimes listed, Shirone just calmly listened.

"But!"

As expected from Iruki, there was a twist.

"Because the benevolent Pony royal family said they would punish the lowly for their foolish mistakes, get down on your knees and apologize!"

Laiman, who folded the official document, pointed with his finger.

"Come on, get down on your knees and beg, you lowly thing! Put your forehead on the ground and bow down!"

It was the will of the state to tame the sprouts, but Pony, who had become a puppet, wanted to die.

'I... ... What the hell is it?'

It seemed less embarrassing to be naked than this, and when Shirone's knees bent, he even felt dizzy.

'Hmm, surprisingly innocent. that the judgment has already been made. Then 100 million is too much, let's start with 80 million.'

If I could save 20 million, I would lose about 500,000, and I was thinking of using that money to pay for my daughter's study abroad.

'no. I don't like things like this.'

Watching Shirone's hand go down to touch the ground, Amy bit her lip.

'Because of me, because of me... ... .'

He wanted to stop it right away, but he couldn't help himself because he wanted Shirone as well as he did.

"You are a noble royal family."

Contrary to her rhyme, Shirone, who had been thinking for a long time, slowly straightened her knees and turned her head toward the students.

"I'm sorry, Amy. me... ... ."

Amy burst into tears and nodded her head.

"yes. Do that, Shirone."

Shirone, who was only interested in her consent, opened her mouth as she glared directly at Laiman.

"I'm sorry, but I cannot honor that order. I haven't done anything wrong to Pony."

Laiman raised his eyes in embarrassment.

"What, what?"

Pony, who could not stand the shame, poured out tears, and Iruki muttered with a bitter smile.

"I ended up doing it."

=======================================
[642] Dead End (2)





Everyone was silent, but the air was heavy, as if a thought had jumped out.

Rejecting the royal decree in the already known state was a challenge to the state's public authority, and Ryman's shoulders trembled in anger.

"You dare! Do you know what blasphemy against royalty is? I don't deserve the death penalty!"

Now that Amy had given consent, Shirone had nothing to be afraid of.

"Neither arrogant nor against the kingdom. I'm just saying I didn't do anything wrong."

"this... ... !"

Right before Lyman exploded, Pony couldn't stand it any longer and turned and left.

"Pony!"

When the person who deserved the apology left, even Laiman couldn't catch the strand.

It was only that he felt resentful of Shirone for making the situation this way.

"You will pay the price for your choices! Hang your head and wait!"

He wanted to punish Shirone right away, but there was nothing he could do about it because he had expectations from the royal castle.

When Laiman disappeared, the students rushed to him.

"Shirone-senpai! Are you really okay?"

Shirone just looked back at Amy and was grateful for her smile.

'Amy.'

Can we think of the mind apart from the body?

Whatever the outcome, the distance between the two of them would be a little further away now.



* * *



While the teachers gathered in the meeting room of Alpheas Magic School watched, Sade jumped up.

"I say it with the determination to be insulted. I think we should pass the bill to delay Shirone's graduation by one year."

It was the most realistic alternative, but Shiina's sensibility was unacceptable.

"Shirone has achieved great results that will go down in the history of the kingdom. If graduation is canceled like this, Alpheas Magic School will also become a laughingstock of history."

"But it is a royal decree. This situation could cause serious damage to Alpheas Magic School."

"But you can't make students the scapegoats for politics! Teachers have a duty to protect their students!"

When Shiina hit the desk, Sade raised her voice.

"Anyway, Shirone can graduate next year! When a storm comes, the boat must dodge. If you try to break through, everything will be submerged in the sea!"

Alpheas let out a long groan.

'How did it end up like this?'

He recorded the best grades in the history of the kingdom, but being too good turned into poison.

said Olivia.

"Commoners have a weak foundation and are easy to shake, but they do not have a higher sense of belonging to the country than nobles. That's what made the royal castle uneasy. If I had been a noble, I would have gone through the normal negotiation process."

"So you want to watch?"

"It can't be helped. Rationality is also created under the system. As long as the royal decree has fallen, there is nothing we can do."

It was possible for Alpheas to arbitrarily force Shirone to graduate, but the aftermath would be truly terrifying.

"My head hurts."

Alpheas let out a sigh and quietly left the conference room where all sorts of arguments were taking place.



* * *



"Where is Shirone?"

Nade arrived at the dorm and opened the door, but Amy and Iruki were the only ones left.

"I went out to get some fresh air."

"You're not thinking weird, are you? Like leaving school."

"Not that stupid. nothing has been decided Let's wait and see what position he will take in the royal castle. I might come up with a better deal."

At the end of a day filled with Shirone's stories, Pony was lost in thought without even drinking water.

'I just wanted to become a wizard.'

From the moment I realized that the qualification was something I could always get, I lost everything in my life.

Sitting at her desk, holding a pen, Pony wrote down a will, and at the end added a phrase asking for permission for Shirone to graduate.

I climbed into a chair, tied a rope to the ceiling beam, tied a noose, and pushed my face through it like a necklace.

Finally, look back to see if this method is the best.

"I'm sorry, mother."

Without a moment's hesitation, I jumped off the chair and all my weight was concentrated on my slender neck.

'what?'

Pony's eyelids, which had been tightly closed, slowly opened.

My heart beat wildly at the death signal from my brain, and it was only moments later that I realized someone was holding my leg.

Looking down, Pony's eyes widened.

"Shirone?"

Shirone was looking up with a smile.

"This is not good, Pony."

Is it really Shirone?

As I twisted my body a little at the thought that maybe I was already dead and seeing an illusion, realistic pain tightened my throat.

"Ugh!"

Just before the load was applied, the wind cutter cut the rope, and Pony's body landed on the floor like a doll.

"It's fine?"

With both hands on the ground, she turned away from Shirone.

"Why did you come?"

"I'm afraid you might be like this."

"Then why did you come! I mean, I wanted to die. If I die, you will be able to graduate too, so why are you saving me?"

Shirone did not answer.

"go back. Because I still feel like I can die one more time. If you miss this opportunity, your life is over."

"It's not your fault, Pony."

Pony's face hardened.

"It's not my fault? Do you think I would believe such a lie? Be honest. I wish I was dead, I wish I was dead and all this would go back!"

"I didn't say I wasn't angry."

Shirone squatted down next to Pony.

"I also want everything to work out. But it's not your fault. So you don't have to die."

The fact that he was shown the last moment of his life dying, and the situation he was comforted by Shirone were miserable.

"what do you want?"

Pony jerked her head.

"What would you like me to do for you? money? authority? title? take it all It's okay to take everything away, so please, please, finish it with this!"

"I don't want anything from you. What I want is not something anyone can give me. and already got it At this moment, I can think and act like this."

When Shirone touched Pony's shoulder, Pony's lips pouted.

"So don't feel guilty. Even if no one gives me qualifications, I'm a wizard now."

"mi... ... ."

As the words she really wanted to say came out, she fell into Shirone's arms.

"Sorry! I'm so sorry, Shirone! I... ... I... ... !"

Patting Pony's back, Shirone whispered.

"It's fine. It's not your fault."

"Look how I have been. Sorry!"

It wasn't that you could always become a wizard if you wanted to.

'If I can't understand it, I really didn't get it.'

At that time, an employee of the Magic Association who heard Pony's voice opened the door and came in.

"what! How did you get in here?"

An employee who confirmed that the window was open prepared for battle.

"damn! What are the outskirts guards doing!"

"Stop."

Pony escaped from Shirone's arms and approached them.

"But Pony! Shirone is strictly prohibited by the association... ... ."

"Are you bringing up the signboard of the association in front of me?"

"Ugh!"

The association staff shrank their heads at the atmosphere that was different from before.

The energy emitted by the noblest lineage in the kingdom was not obtained through training or learning.

Pony turned her head and said with a friendly expression.

"Shirone, stop going back."

"But you... ... ."

"It's fine. I won't be shaken now i will stay in school And I will definitely become a wizard."

Realizing Pony's will, Shirone smiled in relief and headed for the window.

"Good luck, Pony."

"you also."

As soon as the words were finished, Shirone jumped down.

Association employees reflexively rushed to the scene, but no one could find him as he cast an explosive statue of Buddha.



* * *



"Graduate Aryan Shirone! The kingdom's injustice cannot be tolerated by the students!"

Members of the Emergency Response Committee, which was formed around the student council, gathered at the school building and staged a demonstration.

Even Pony, the party to this agenda, was on the side of the committee, so the destructive power was considerable, and the teachers also seemed to want to follow the opinions of the students.

"I understand what you mean. We are currently preparing the necessary documents... ... ."

At that time, Olivia, the teacher's council auditor, accompanied the teachers and delivered the school's position.

"What a fuss!"

Laiman led the soldiers and came running.

"Please graduate Ariane Shirone!"

"It is a royal decree! Do you all want to be arrested for treason?"

As some students flinched, Pony raised her head and stepped out.

"If you're going to arrest me, you'll have to do it first."

"Miss Pony! Why the hell are you doing this?"

Lyman could not understand at all.

If she just kept her mouth shut, Shirone's graduation would be canceled, and perhaps she could have taken Tio's place.



- What I want to get is not what others can give.



Recalling Shirone's words, Pony cut her arm horizontally.

"Go away. We will request a special inspection system in the royal family as an inherent right of the royal family. I will thoroughly reveal who is involved in this case and how much slush funds have been exchanged."

"Waaaaaa!"

As if joining Pony's declaration, the students cheered.

'I'm still young.'

When the blade of the referee strangled his throat, Ryman calmed down.

"Anything you ask for. However, Shirone's graduation will be put on hold until the trial is over."

Now that this was the case, there was no choice but to drive it into a mud fight and kill time.

If Shirone doesn't graduate anyway, the headwinds will subside.

"Miss Pony. In any case, the royal decree is still in effect. If we do not disperse the students, we will have no choice but to arrest them all."

It wouldn't be just a scare, so Olivia stepped out.

"Once everyone goes back... ... ."

"excuse me."

I turned my head to the voice I heard from behind the teachers, but the subject of the voice was already moving towards the committee.

'It's a great master.'

Even Olivia, certified second-class, was a skilled person who couldn't even sense the sign of movement.

The man had a good impression as much as the pure white robe, but his eyes were sharp, and his long black hair was tied over the top of his head.

He opened his mouth while shaking a fan with a small bell on his back with his left hand.

"Well... ... So. What was your name? What did you say?"

"Shirone. How many times have I told you?"

A tiny creature like a baby appeared from inside the man's robe.

Her skin was crimson red, her eyes were black like a panda's, and she had a long tail like a spear.

"Is there any Ariane Shirone here?"

After tilting her head at the strange way of speaking, she suddenly came to her senses at the name Shirone.

"I am Aryan Shirone. Who are you?"

The man who had been staring blankly at the approaching Shirone hurriedly groped for himself.

"Uh, so I... ... . Where did you put it?"

The red-skinned creature sighed and held out a tile with three overlapping pentagrams.

'It's a star. It's also three-star.'

Everyone who knew the meaning of the three stars shuddered in shock.

"We are from the Ivory Tower Balance Department. I have something to say to Arian Shirone."

"Sang, the ivory tower?"

Amid the students' murmur, a man holding a fan reached out to Shirone.

"Nice to meet you. My name is Arte."

Ivory Tower 3-star villager, Ghost Demon Castle Arte.

"And I am called Satellite Tokei."

Opening his mouth wide like a mischievous person, Tokay held out a card with an orbital trajectory next to Arte's card.

=======================================
[643] Dead End (3)





A star that orbits the intellect, and a satellite that orbits and assists that star.

As he held out a card that was too dangerous to carry around as a joke, Ryman became a dumb dumb.

'Ivory Tower? No, why are you here in the ivory tower?'

While not daring to ask, Olivia stepped forward.

"I am Olivia, assistant principal of this school. What's your business with Shirone?"

"It's not really a big deal. It happens all the time around the world at this time of year."

Arte, slightly bent at the waist, showed her face to Shirone.

"Congratulations. I entered the list of candidates for the title of star in the ivory tower."

"What?"

The eyes of the senior class as well as the senior students were wide-eyed.

Three huge lines dividing the magic world.

It is a fact known to anyone aspiring to be a wizard that there is a white line in addition to black and red.

However, since the place is an ivory tower, it was only accepted as knowledge, and only students who liked delusion expected that it would have any connection with their lives.

Olivia, knowing that fact, asked with a blank expression.

"Shirone is... ... Are you saying you are the best of the graduates in the world?"

Even she didn't know the selection criteria of the ivory tower, but since ancient times, those who can receive the title of star have always been the best in a certain field.

Therefore, if the candidate was to be decided among the students, it should have been the best among the graduates.

"It's a little different this time. Rank 1 is a bit ambiguous. That's why I say it's a candidate group. Shirone is ranked 4th by the standards of the ivory tower and along with 2nd and 3rd places will be put to a brief test to see if she is fit for the title of star."

"Fourth... ... ."

Ranking in the ivory tower meant ranking fourth among graduates worldwide.

'Shirone, you really are a monster.'

There was no disagreement because he had seen the graduation exam with his own eyes, and the next thought that came to his mind was that there were as many as three more people who ranked higher than Shirone.

"We will set up a separate space to discuss the details. Originally, the screening was done by 2-star residents, but I was forced to come here because it is currently idle."

The tone was soft, but it was also a request not to take up too long the time of a 3-star villager.

"Then shall we go?"

Arte raised a fan and pointed at the school building, and Shirone turned to her friends.

No matter who said it first, he nodded, and Nade pointed his finger and puffed out his mouth.

'What are you doing! Go fast, fool!'

Seeing that desperate expression, he nodded his head.

"Okay."

Arte was about to turn around with a hearty smile, but Laiman, who had been watching the situation so far, stepped forward.

"Please wait a moment."

A voice came from behind, but Arte did not look back and spread his fan to cover his face.

I could only guess that it was a little annoyed.

"What happened?"

"Even if it's an ivory tower, isn't this out of order? Currently, Shirone is a criminal who committed serious crimes in the kingdom... ... ."

"Whoa."

Arte, who gently blew the wind out of his mouth, slowly lifted the fan that was covering his face.

"Landscape Wind."

daughter and daughter.

A clear bell sounded in Shirone's ears.

It was too loud to be a sound coming from a small bell at the end of a fan, and everyone's faces stiffened as if they were thinking the same thing.

'This time... ... .'

In the feeling of slowing down, only Arte's right arm, holding a fan, was moving.

"Executor! Dangerous!"

Sensing the intent to kill, the bodyguards passed in front of Laiman and pulled out their swords, and at the same time the fan made a popping sound and pushed the wind to the back.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

As a huge gale raged, the swordsmen drove their swords into the ground.

It felt like the walls were pushing against it rather than the wind, and it felt like my flesh was being ripped from my bones as it was being pushed away.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

I tried to hold on with the pride of the royal guards, but it was not the wind power that humans could handle, so both feet finally floated and flew away to the other side of the sky.

Tokay, clinging to Arte's shoulders, put his hands on his eyes and watched the grass, trees, people, and wagons all disappear over the horizon.

There was nothing left in the place where the gale had blown.

Even the teachers couldn't close their open mouths at the power that pushed away even a single drop of grass, and a shudder ran down Shirone's spine as they watched in front of them.

'Blo-type magic.'

But can we call this the Blow series?

It wasn't wind, it was a typhoon, and it was no wonder that Gaold floated to the surface with the power of another dimension of magic.

"No two words are the same, no matter how ivory tower."

As Arte fluttered the fan with a displeased expression, a small bell sounded.

It was a separate act from magic, but just hearing the jingling made the students shrug their shoulders.

"It seems that the delivery did not go well. I'll say it again. Shirone-kun has entered the list of candidates for the title of star in the ivory tower."

It was the same story as before, but this time it was delivered correctly.

"Let's go. It remains for me to solve one hundred and eighty-seven problems in this world. I hope Shirone-kun will drop it to one hundred and eighty-six as soon as possible."

Shirone nodded slowly at the irresistible feeling, and Arte turned at an exact right angle and walked towards Alpheas.

"Can I use the conference room?"

"However much."

From the school's point of view, if the Ivory Tower gave it to them, it would relieve the burden of solving Shirone's agenda.

However, what was worrisome was the expression of a group of candidates, not a clear candidate.

'Maybe this is the only chance for Shirone.'

Looking at Shirone and her friends following Arte, Alpheas prayed earnestly.

'I hope I can hold this string.'

After entering the meeting room, Shirone looked at her friends in front of the door and looked at Arte.

"Hey, I'm sorry, but can my friends come too?"

It was promised to help once negotiations began.

"Oh, no. We can wait outside."

Quick-witted Amy waved her hands, but Arte was fine if she could just finish it quickly.

"It doesn't matter if it helps you judge. Have a seat."

Seizing the opportunity to sit with the star of the ivory tower is more difficult than having an audience with the king, so Amy, Iruki, and Nade entered the conference room excitedly.

As Shirone sat across from Arte, Tokay jumped down on the table and walked over.

Tokei, whose spear-like tail was crossed over his face, smiled expectantly.

"Nice to meet you. He definitely looks like a different person from what I saw in his profile."

I couldn't tell if it meant good or bad.

"Ah yes. Nice to meet you."

As Shirone quietly grabbed his tail, Tokay nodded as if he was correct.

In that state, Shirone asked Arte.

"You said evaluation. Are you being tested?"

"Do not worry. It's not a particularly difficult test. The really difficult thing is that the two competitors have a higher Kar value than Shirone-kun."

"Kar shame?"

"Let me explain from the beginning. Because the most accurate delivery is the fastest."

As Tokay waggled his tail, a blue glowing text was engraved in the air.

It was the record from 1st to 4th place in the documents Taesung received.

Arte looked at it and said.

"These are the records from the Ivory Tower. As you can see, the number one is La Enemy. Karr's figure is 98.7 percent. Originally, Lee should receive the title of a star... ... ."

As Arte waited and gave them time, Shirone and his friends slowly looked at the records.

Certainly, it was significantly higher than Dahlia Nane's 89.4 percent, which came in second place.

"La Enemy... ... . Wait, La Enemy?"

When Shirone, who suddenly realized, looked away, Arte nodded.

"Yes. This is Ankera's previous life that Shirone-kun erased. It can be considered a later life in terms of time, but the Ivory Tower sees his incarnation as a previous life. That's why there is still no special movement in heaven."

Shirone said with a serious expression.

"But if Ra was born, an incident would happen soon. Do you have any countermeasures?"

"well. It's something humans have to figure out."

Arte added, flapping his fan.

"The Last War is certainly an important event for humanity, but it is not something that will interest the entire population of the Ivory Tower. That's the case with me. Of course, some stars seem to be paying attention."

It was a word that was not easily understood.

"If war breaks out, mankind could be destroyed, right?"

"It is not life and death. What the Ivory Tower values ??is the balance of the world. I see war as a process of restoring balance."

Arte tapped the table with a fan at the sight of Shirone frowning as if he was reluctant.

"I am not opposed to Shirone-kun's idea. If you are interested in this, you can become a star and work for the Human Security Enforcement Department. After all, since we are also human beings, we want to be on the side of humans as much as possible."

It was a strangely frightening word.

Since it was an interview for the best job in the world, Amy changed the subject to prevent a clash between the two.

"So what is Karsuchi?"

"It is the standard of the ivory tower for finding the right person for the stars. It's a metaphysical concept, so it's hard to explain in words, but if you have to define it, you can call it perfection."

Iruki tilted his head.

"Isn't everything relative? What is your standard for perfection?"

"There are no standards. Perfection is just perfect."

It seemed like it would make sense, but it was a difficult concept to dig into.

In any case, if that means perfection, the Shirone's 88.9 percent figure is astonishing.

'It means it's almost perfect.'

That's why he was able to rise to the list of candidates for the ivory tower.

'But... ... .'

Amy's gaze turned to the names of Dahlia Nane and Jin Seong-eum.

If the woman with the surname Jin was from the Jincheon Empire, she would be a member of the royal family, and the child Nane was 0.5 percent closer to perfection than Shirone.

"How will Shirone compete with them?"

"As an incarnation of Ra, I made an unusual decision even in the Ivory Tower. It gives a chance to the top three people in the 0.5 percent range of Karr. It's simple. as soon as... ... ."

Everyone's eyes focused on Arte's lips.

"You just need to find La Enemy."

"Ra... ... You want me to find it?"

"Yes. There is no deadline, and the method is irrelevant. If you find Ra and return to the Ivory Tower, you will become a star."

They say it's as easy as breathing, but it wasn't simple.

Even if I set out to find it, I couldn't even figure out where to start.

Nade asked curtly.

"Aren't you leaving the job in the name of a test? Ask Shirone to find something you couldn't find even in the Ivory Tower."

"ha ha ha! That's right too. Currently, there are 27 residents who have received the title of star in the ivory tower. Due to the nature of traveling around the world, there is a shortage of manpower."

"No, there is not enough manpower... ... ."

"But Shirone."

Arte interrupted Nade and showed his face.

"Becoming a star means having absolute authority that transcends national boundaries. Even the king has to follow your standards."

That is the ivory tower.

"If you can't even find Ra, you can't get the title of a star. How is it? If you want to be tested, I will contact the upper management."

Shirone, who was lost in thought with half-closed eyes, raised her head.

"Nope. I will not go to the ivory tower."

"What, what?"

Her friends looked at her with absurd eyes, but Shirone did not waver.

"Hmm."

Tokay scratched his chin and smiled meaningfully, while Arte covered his mouth with a fan and his cold eyes flashed.

'As expected, the candidates... ... .'

close to perfect

=======================================
[644] Dead End (4)





"Wait! Wait, wait a minute!"

While Arte hadn't answered yet, Amy hurriedly held out her hand.

"Shirone, what are you really doing? Are you doing this because you don't know what situation you're in?"

"I know. But I don't want to do something I don't want to because my situation is not good."

"You don't want to. It's an ivory tower, an ivory tower. It is a place that all wizards dream of."

"I still can't follow what isn't right."

"not right... ... ,"

Arte lowered his fan and revealed his face.

"That is an interesting opinion. What are you thinking?"

"Kar Suu Kyi means perfection. But what you did, speaking of perfection, was, in the end, suppression by force."

I couldn't understand Arte's judgment of blowing up Ryman just because he didn't have time.

"Hmm, you seemed to hate it."

"I do not like it. But it's not a matter of emotion. If strong is truth, how is the white line different from other lines?"

Tokay shook his shoulders.

"Hey, did I tell you? It's different from your profile."

Convinced, Arte folded the fan and drew an imaginary vertical line on the table.

"like. Let me explain. Man belongs to the number 3 of the law in that he chooses between good and evil. The vertex of these 3 can be said to be the seeker. But Shirone-kun, we are not seekers. It is an existence corresponding to 4 in terms of intelligence and law. In short, they are not beings who choose between good and evil."

"Then what kind of an ivory tower is it?"

"It is an existence that distinguishes between good and evil. Is a line really a line? Is evil really evil? In other words, the most important thing in the number 4 of the law is endless criticism. And what this means... ... ."

Arte stood up and offered a handshake.

"Congratulations again. Shirone-kun is well qualified to take the Ivory Tower test."

Friends asked with puzzled expressions.

"yes?"

On the other hand, Shirone stared at Arte's outstretched hand, then looked up in disbelief.

"If you said you would take the test from the beginning, does that mean you weren't given the opportunity?"

"In my case, yes. As I said earlier, there is no special standard for Kar. Candidates who were notified by residents other than me may not have done this test."

Arte smiled.

"The ivory tower is such a place. Being a star means being able to criticize anything, and I have only criticized Shirone-kun in my own way. Just like Shirone-kun criticized me and the Ivory Tower a while ago."

'Aha.'

Amy understood a little what a kar was.

"Therefore, the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower support the Judgment of the Stars. Even if we have different opinions, we believe that it is the conclusion that came after going through harsh self-criticism. Is the strong the truth? If any villager has concluded that way, that too is close to perfect."

Arte grabbed Shirone's hand and shook it.

"Receive the title of a star. The Ivory Tower doesn't force any ideology on you. It's just to share with the world what you criticize with Shirone-kun's intellect."

Shirone's heart started beating wildly.

It was only the thought of wanting to move towards a critical conclusion drawn through intellect, 100 percent Kar.

"for a moment. The thing to point out here is... ... ."

Iruki came out.

"Anyway, since he became an ivory tower candidate, it can be said that Shirone has his own qualifications, right?"

"of course. Even if Shirone refuses, the door to the Ivory Tower is always open."

"Then what are the terms of the contract? Wouldn't it be impossible to accept a sudden offer without any of that?"

Tokay said.

"If you are talking about annual salary, the ivory tower has no pay. However, if it is necessary to carry out the mission, I can provide any amount of support."

Even Amy was surprised this time.

"You really have no pay?"

"Because there is no need. Being trusted by the people of the Ivory Tower means being able to criticize anything, and already by convention you have full access to public facilities in countries around the world. If you're hungry, go to a public institution and eat, and if you need something, talk to the king or a government official. We will supply and demand through the fastest route."

"Wow, that's really crazy."

Upon hearing the preferential treatment that was effective, Nade felt what the Ivory Tower was like.

If this offer came to him, it seemed that he could revive his dream of becoming a wizard.

'Well, that's why I can't.'

Nade's car was far inferior to Shirone's.

"Of course, only after receiving the title of a star. No preferential treatment is given to candidates. Before becoming a star, the first priority is to build the people's trust in Kar."

Of course it would, but Iruki wanted to take advantage of this opportunity even a little bit.

"Are you aware of the situation Shirone is in right now?"

"No, I don't know."

There was no need for 3-star residents to know the candidate's situation.

"The kingdom of Tormia is preventing Shirone from graduating by framing her. What do you think about this part?"

"I wouldn't be able to do it if I didn't graduate. The Ivory Tower doesn't care about anything but Karr. Shirone just needs to find La Enemy and come to the Ivory Tower."

said Amy.

"But it is too much. The 3rd place is the royal family, so they must have a lot of personal connections, and whoever the 2nd place is, they must have a wizard license anyway. At this rate, Shirone will have to travel as a civilian. I won't say it's unfair, but I can help you acquire the qualifications that Shirone could have in the first place."

"Hmm."

Arte tapped his head with a fan and was lost in thought.

"great. Can I just graduate?"

Shirone meekly nodded.

"Yes. I think it would be much more comfortable to travel with at least an unofficial wizard license."

It's not like I'm greedy now, but I wanted to have at least a diploma from a magic school with countless memories.

"All right. Let's talk."

Arte stood up and Tokei rode on his shoulder and looked back at Shirone.

"Become the 28th star. Wouldn't it be nice to be the person we announced?"

"Yes, I will work hard."



As Arte and Tokay went outside, the students who were whispering outside the building all shut up.

The teachers also looked nervous, but Arte calmly looked around as if he was used to this situation.

Then, sitting like a refugee and receiving treatment, Lyman flicked a fan and signaled to come.

"Yes Yes!"

Although he was not in good shape, he moved as quickly as possible and fell down at Arte's feet.

The concept, which had been away for a while due to lingering about the cost of studying abroad for his daughter, returned after being hit by Arte's magic.

"Did you call, you observer of intellect?"

"From now on, Shirone-kun will be tested by the Ivory Tower. Make sure your graduation doesn't get in the way."

"I will convey your will to the king. The will of the stars will be carried out smoothly."

When you have a drink with a foreign official, you can often come across anecdotes of kings who were caught by the stars, and this was what they said in common.

If the stars want something, they just do it.

'Because it's already been criticized.'

It was an ivory tower business manual.

"Let's go, Tokay."

Tokay waved his hand toward the crowd.

"Then let's all live happily and leave."

A belt of light coiled around from Arte's feet, then rose into a huge whirlpool and soared into the sky.

'Is this the ivory tower?'

While the students stared blankly at him, Laiman gritted his teeth as he glared at Shirone, who had come out of the building belatedly.

It was intended to make her crawl between her crotches, but now she has become a person that even the king cannot touch.

'Let's wait. It has never ended well because it was stamped into the ivory tower.'

Since there are three candidates, the probability that Shirone will become a star reaches a whopping 33.3 percent.

If you touch it with a feeling of no way, the price you will have to bear in the future is too great.

"Arian Shirone."

Liman smiled and said.

"All sins are pardoned by royal decree. Please, I hope you become a great wizard who can raise the name of the kingdom."

The royal decree did not fall, but it was a fait accompli anyway, and the students cheered at Laiman's declaration of defeat.

"Wow! Shirone-senpai, congratulations!"

"It's really amazing! An ivory tower!"

It was only natural for the students to be happy as being an ivory tower candidate was an honor for the alma mater.

'Find Ra.'

On the other hand, Shirone's odds were 1/3.

A problem that is different from anything we've tackled so far.

Also, the competitor's car value was fine, but higher than that of Shirone.

'Who the hell are you?'

Aside from competition, it was a pure curiosity Shirone.



* * *



The imperial castle of the Jincheon Empire, Yeomra.

As an empire with a population of over 200 million, the scale of Yeomra, where the emperor resided, was by far the largest among the three emperors.

The number of guards equaled that of the country, and the number of magicians alone exceeded 2,000.

It had an overwhelming advantage in quantity, but it was unavoidable that it was inferior in quality, and it was currently recruiting talented people from around the world with astronomical funds.

"Princess, His Majesty the Emperor is looking for you."

As soon as the lady-in-waiting finished speaking, the eyes of the woman who had been immersed in meditation in the octagonal pavilion suddenly opened.

It was Jin Seong-eum, the 13th daughter of Jin Kang, the emperor of Jincheon.

The gaze staring straight ahead was hard as steel, and the stubbornly closed mouth was as red as flames.

"Let's go now."

As Seongeum prepared to step out, the ladies-in-waiting spread the distance equal to the number engraved on their respective jade necklaces.

The distance between 10 steps and 1,000 steps means the right to approach the Seongeum.

Upon arriving at the imperial palace, where both eaves towered toward the sky, the guards erected their spears in perfect order.

Oh, the head of the guards, approached with a sound of ironclad armor and bowed his head.

"princess."

The voice's eyebrows twitched.

"Than 23. back off."

"... ... ."

It was a voice that distanced everyone he met, but it was impossible for him to leave his seat as the head of the Royal Guard.

"Huh, is that so?"

The moment Seong-eum snorted, Oh realized that he was 23 steps away from her.

'... ... There is absolutely no way I can do this.'

The obsession with space is due to a special realization that made her the best magician in Jincheon.

The reason why the emperor called her today was because she was nominated as a candidate for the ivory tower, where only the world's best can enter.

"110 steps. 230 steps. 87 steps. 433 steps."

Seongeum also distanced the guards one by one.

I don't know the basis, but judging by the strangely understandable feeling of listening, it was clear that there was a certain standard.

As with Oh, when the soldiers did not leave their seats, Seong-eum raised her eyes, revealing anger.

"These... ... !"

The maid who was the only one allowed to take 10 steps hurriedly said.

"princess. Today, His Majesty the Emperor specially... ... ."

'etheric waves.'

As Seongeum focused his mind, all sounds disappeared and even the shape of the landscape was pushed out of cognition.

In a world that was only dark, countless tremors came like raindrops falling on the surface of the water.

If gravity is caused by matter squeezing space, it means that even empty space is filled with something.

What she realized as an Unlocker was the base that made up the space itself, that is, the ether.

'Shoulder.'

Sensing the emperor's wave, she cast her magic, and the 4-kilometer distance crumpled and the landscape of the Yellow Dragon Hall came flooding in.

In a state where different landscapes are in contact with each other, the bridge of Seongeum has crossed the boundaries of space.

"father."

By just taking one step like that, she had an audience with the emperor of the Jincheon Empire.

=======================================
[645] Dead End (5)





When the location of Seongeum was completely transferred to Hwangryongjeon, the crumpled space unfolded and the scenery returned to its original state.

It's not a sight to see often, but the guards who have been hit a few times shouted while holding onto the handle of the sword without exception.

"Princess Mama! In order to have an audience with His Majesty, we must abide by the law!"

Seongeum didn't even blink an eye.

"It's just a daughter meeting her father."

Her Kar value was 89.2 percent.

"However, if you do this, we... ... ."

As the captain of the guards approached with an expression that could not do this or that, Seongeum's hand was raised.



Ether Wave - Nagok.



As the space twisted, the guards commander's body twisted like a whirlpool and disappeared completely.

"No matter how much Mama can do magic in the Yellow Dragon Hall... ... !"

Starting with that, the guards disappeared distorted by the power of Nagok.

perfect closet.

The ability of vocal sound is powerful enough to distort the plate itself on which phenomena exist.

No one could overhear their conversation because there was no room for the sound to spread.

"Father, are you afraid of me?"

"Hmm."

The emperor of Jincheon, Jin Kang, leaned his chin on the dragon statue and raised the corner of his mouth.

He had a physique comparable to that of the men of the Royal Guard, and his thick hair and beard, and his eyes were strong enough to contain the world.

"Is there any father in the world who is afraid of his daughter?"

"If you come, why do you keep troops?"

"Voice."

A low-pitched voice shook the Yellow Dragon Hall.

"Yes, Father."

"The world is wide and there are many people. To win the world, you need to make everything simple. Whether you are my daughter or whatever, bowing down to the Emperor is natural."

Jin Kang asked while looking down at Seongeum, who was still standing tall.

"Do you think Jincheon will not be able to embrace the world you dream of?"

The Ivory Tower is a transnational institution, and if Seong-eum becomes a star, Jincheon will lose valuable talent.

"It's not the world's problem, it's my own problem."

Jin Kang nodded.

"It would be nice to give it some time. But don't forget Anytime, under any circumstance... ... ."

Jin Kang's eyes flashed.

"Simple beats complex."

As the space split apart, 200 guards surrounded Seongeum, and the captain of the guards standing one step ahead thrust a blade into Seongeum's throat.

"Princess Mama, obey the law. No more disrespect will be tolerated."

When the obsession of space was broken, Seong-eum glared at Jin-gang with fierce eyes.

"I grant you permission to take the Ivory Tower test. Do you want to try hard?"

"huh!"

At the same time as the vocal sound snapped, the guards captain's blade bent like a snake and aimed at his groin.

"this... ... !"

The captain of the guards, who was enraged at the rudeness shown in front of the emperor, chased after Seong-eum, but Jin-gang spoke in a low voice.

"it's okay. Just let it go."

"But Your Majesty the Emperor! Mama's behavior a moment ago... ... ."

"It's because I don't have iron. It will be fine, even in the ivory tower."

It was a tower that Jincheon would break someday.

"Have fun and come, Jinkang's daughter."



* * *



One day before the graduation ceremony, Shirone and her friends ironed their uniforms.

It'll probably sound like a ghost, but it's comforting to think of it as one of the last hurdles to graduation.

After ironing, they sat side by side and started writing their graduation speeches to be read tomorrow.

About an hour passed like that, Nade grumbled.

"I hate writing. I fought to the death, so why do I have to do this?"

Iruki said.

"That is what life is all about. Why, there is such a saying. It's not over until it's over."

"Mmm."

Shirone nodded and looked back at Iruki.

"But isn't that a word used in other contexts?"

"What do you know? I have no expectations of language."

Shirone pulled out his head and looked at what kind of person's graduation history was.

"Let's see. If you're crazy but have bad brains, you're an idiot, and if you're normal but have good brains, you're a scholar. If you're crazy but smart, you're a genius... ... . hey what is this Are you really going to read this?"

"Puhahahaha!"

Nade stuck out his tongue and rolled his eyes open.

"There is nothing I can do. we're out of hell No matter what you say, the ghosts won't listen."

Nade said, wiping away tears.

"Still, it's a data we keep in the archives, so be careful."

"You?"

Iruki read Nade's reading.

"An angel named Liz. The sun rose like a miracle on the surface of despair... ... ."

"Hey! Why look at other people's things!"

Shirone sighed.

"It's not some kind of love letter, and the juniors will continue to see it in the future... ... ."

"So you write. A love letter that will be recorded forever. It's romantic."

Then there was a knock and Amy came in.

"Mr. Collie told me to gather in the music room. The school is practicing chorus."

"Ugh, I really hate that."

When I thought of singing in front of my juniors, my face already became hot.

When I entered the music room, all the graduates were gathered.

Lichen and Maya were also present because they had to receive a diploma even if they chose another line.

"It's been a while, Shirone."

Maya came over and waved her hand.

"yes. I heard that you passed. congratulation."

Although she received scouting offers from numerous performance troupes, Maya chose to audition and was finally able to sign a contract with the most famous performance agency in the kingdom.

As she produced many world-class singers, her future life would be as eventful as Shirone's.

"thanks. I heard about it too. She said she came from the ivory tower. Alas, I should have seen that."

Maya was making fun of it, but her heart was completely different.

I heard that he was dating Amy, but the two eventually fell apart again.

Having a gap with the man you have a crush on is something that makes your heart beat even if you have already given up.

Besides, if he became famous, he would be touring many kingdoms, and just thinking about it made his heart swell.

'perhaps... ... Wouldn't there be a chance for me too?'

It was something I couldn't bear to say.

How much would Amy's heart break as she was watching from the side if she gave that feeling even just a little bit?

"Okay, let's work hard. One day we will all be famous and we will meet."

The school choir is the last part of the graduation ceremony, and some seniors suddenly shed tears, creating an indelible dark history.

It's just a matter of singing for about three minutes, but Collie had a slightly different opinion.

"I'm thinking of adding Maya's solo. I'm a singer and I'm going to become a celebrity, so it'll be a good event."

No one refused.

Maya's song is excellent, but the school song was good if it wasn't for her solo.

Following the procedure of the graduation ceremony, after an hour of rehearsal, the students went back to their lodgings and fell asleep early.

The morning of the long-awaited graduation ceremony dawned, and 10 graduates went up to the podium in the midst of parents, advanced students, and teachers.

When it was time to read the graduation speech, Iruki proudly stepped forward.

"If you're crazy but have bad brains, you're an idiot, and if you're normal but have good brains, you're called a scholar."

Shirone and Nade broke out in a cold sweat.

'I'm really doing it, that madman.'

The strange logic continued, and at the end of the graduation speech, Iruki spread his arms and shouted.

"When everyone calls me crazy, I will proudly shout: I'm crazy, and this world that says I'm crazy is crazy!"

Everyone answered in their hearts.

'It's just that you're crazy.'

Amidst the chilly silence, Iruki lowered his arms and turned around.

"That is all."

Nade got up from his chair, walked past Iruki and stood on the podium.

"You know an angel named Liz? Like a miracle to me in despair... ... ."

The students did not understand the graduation speech, and the embarrassment was only up to Liz, who was sitting in the audience.

'If you don't want to write, just don't write.'

She knew how annoying it was to write a graduation speech.

"So I become the best merchant!"

Nade yelled and turned around.

"That is all."

As expected, there was no applause, and Shiina touched her head.

"Oh, just those."

Ethella covered her mouth and laughed.

"Huh, am I good? Still, my juniors prick up their ears and listen."

"That kind of thing has become a tradition, so shit comes out."

Among the 10 graduates, including ordinary graduates, overemotional graduates, and self-promotional graduates, one by one, Shirone came out last.

It was a deliberate arrangement, and the effect was outstanding.

"It's Shirone-senpai."

The person who broke the highest record in the kingdom and is now one of the three candidates for the Ivory Tower.

I didn't know anything else, but I had to listen to Shirone's graduation speech.

"I don't think I have any talent."

Shirone calmly read the words.

"I don't even think I put in more effort than others."

The crowd instantly fell silent.

"Talent and hard work are probably invented by people who have never really aspired to anything."

I wanted to be a wizard and I liked learning magic.

"Failure was fun because I loved it so much, and hard work wasn't too hard."

That's why a wizard must be someone who loves magic.

"If I hadn't been as talented as I am now, I would have ended up here. Even if you didn't have to coin the word effort, you would have polished your magic every day. Even if you don't have anything. If it's something that people yearn for, then humans have no choice but to go there in the end."

Shirone put down the reading and looked at her juniors.

"Do what you truly love. No talent, no effort, can beat what you love. So don't be afraid of anything and listen to your heartbeat. If you're still running fast, you'll get there eventually."

Shirone smiled.

"That is all."

"Thank you so much! Seniors!"

When Mark jumped up and shouted, all the students stood up and clapped.

When Shirone, who looked like someone from another world, said that anyone could do it, a warm feeling surged up in her heart.

"You are a good graduate. I want to be an example to my juniors."

Alpheas smiled softly as he listened to the teachers' conversation.

"Shirone... ... ."

Watching the boy who had crossed the wall at the age of 12 become a wizard who shocked the world and gave advice to his juniors made me feel a sense of alienation.

"Lastly, there will be a graduate school choir."

'Ah, it rains all of a sudden.'

The students lined up while fluttering their uniforms and sang a school song to the accompaniment of the music band.

If you've been listening to music for years, which is the first thing you hear upon entering school, you won't be able to tell whether it's a song or an incantation.

Nevertheless, Maya's skills were the best, and when the solo performance began, the parents also fell into her voice in a daze.

'I thought it was really childish.'

As the school song continued, the students' eyes filled with sadness.

'When this song is over... ... .'

It really goes out into the world.

'You've become a wizard.'

In Shirone's head, all the events from admission to the present began to flow without exception.

I met good people and overcame many difficulties and matured.

"We are children of intellect. Alpheas Magic School, you will shine forever."

In the end, Shirone burst into tears, and tears flowed from the eyes of the other graduates as well, as the competition was fiercer than any other year.

"We are children of intelligence."

All students sang with one voice.

"Alpheas Magic School, will shine forever!"

The graduation ceremony is over.

=======================================
[646] To the world (1)





Jive Kingdom.

As a kingdom belonging to the Seven Kingdoms of the Temple, it was a country that was especially visited by international students because of its great citizen influence and free social atmosphere.

Dahlia Nane was also an international student.

From entering magic school at the age of four to becoming the world's second-largest graduate at the age of seventeen.

An achievement that is unbelievable to common sense.

However, if you actually look into Nane's daily life, you will smile bitterly at the boringly smooth life.

"It's me, have you made your decision?"

The headmaster of the Jive Royal Magic School personally visited Nane, who set a record in the kingdom's history, and asked.

"Nope. I haven't decided yet."

The principal's eyes were opened in wonder at the unexpected answer.

"After the graduation ceremony today, it will be announced to the Red Line Human Resources Department in three hours. If you're going to take the Ivory Tower Test, you have to request a denial of disclosure."

"Then I'll think about it until then."

The principal smiled plaintively.

'He also has a good heart. Even if he doesn't say anything, he probably wants to help the Jive Kingdom that raised him.'

Always a polite and moral student.

I had never even heard of him arguing with anyone or frowning.

'It's possible because he's a genius.'

The fact that there were no three generations in my life means that Nane's talent transcends those generations.

Even though he took the top spot in the shortest time in Jive history, I honestly wondered if he had even used 1% of his talent.

"You just have to make the right choice for you. Entering the Ivory Tower and making a name for yourself is the honor of the Jive Kingdom."

As the same words were repeated, Nane spoke briefly.

"I'm tired of thinking about it."

The headmaster shrugged at the blunt tone he heard for the first time, but it didn't damage his reputation just this much.

'Well, it's not another institution, it's an ivory tower.'

Even a genius would have no choice but to be sensitive.

However, contrary to the principal's idea, Nane was actually happy with her future job.

Joining the Jive Magic Association, taking the Ivory Tower test, and dying right now.

'Yes, now I... ... .'

As Nane moved and fell into thought, the principal's closed eyelids froze as if frozen.

Birds were stuffed in the sky, planets stopped rotating, stars orbiting the sun stopped moving.

The brakes were put on the entire universe.

'What should I do?'

If there is no limit to the phenomenon, Nane's concentration, in which the development of thoughts transcends time, is not a sin.

In the cosmic scale of immersion, Nane threw the infinite faceted dice toward the end of the accident.

Because I have mastered all levels, there is no standard for likes or dislikes.

And when the dice finally stopped rolling, he realized the only thing left of him.

'decided.'

As Nane walked away along the corridor, the principal looked at her back with a friendly look and wished her luck.

'Please make a happy choice.'

According to the red line regulations, 20 graduates were also produced from the Jive Royal Magic School, and when the order of the school choir came, they started singing exactly in line.

"We become the light of the world as one."

At the climax of emotion that made you shed tears involuntarily, Nane slowly stepped forward and took off her conquest.

'Why are you doing that? Are there any events we don't know about?'

The graduates looked at me curiously, but anyway, since I'm the main character, I continue to sing... ... .

"me : yes! What are you doing!"

An unprecedented event in the history of the Jive Kingdom will take place.

After taking off her uniform, Nane took off her top, bottom, and even her underwear, then jumped onto the podium and burst into laughter.

"Ha ha ha ha!"

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

The female students covered their faces, but since I was the envy Nana, I couldn't stop peeping through my fingers.

'Now, what happens?'

There was only one thing I wanted to know.

The area of ??affair that has been reached at the end of all the degrees is the question of 'just different'.

A journey to define Nane as the only thing in the universe, endlessly repeating differences.

"Eat this!"

As Nane turned her waist to the chaotic music of the musicians, streams of urine spread in a circle.

"Ouch! You must be crazy!"

Even as they hurriedly left their seats, people felt strangely terrified when they saw Nane spinning in the center.

'How could that be?'

Being in its natural state meant perfect composure, without any tension or excitement.

"me : yes! stop! What are you doing all of a sudden!"

'What if I don't quit? What's going on?'

When the strong stream of water was sprayed, the teachers hurriedly blocked their faces, and the students in the lower classes burst into tears.

In order to completely deviate from the scope of the concept, it would be necessary to consider more differences than now.

Maybe as many as an infinite number.

After casting the fly magic, Nane looked down at the humans and flew away looking over the horizon.

"What should I do, Headmaster? I'm going to the city!"

Should I report it?

The reason why there was conflict even after causing this situation was because Nane was the best student in the history of the Jive Kingdom.

"Call the guards! You don't know what you'll do in the city if you're in that state of mind!"

"All right!"

Meanwhile, Nane, who arrived in the city, landed lightly in the middle of the market, where most people gather.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Panic was a natural step, and merchants who thought it was a pervert approached with clubs.

"What are you? Are you determined to sabotage business?"

Since they were not interested in what they had already experienced, they did not urinate again, but the merchants' hearts sank.

The pupils were not normal.

'That guy is not a pervert.'

I was on the small side, but pure madness, complete uncertainty about the future, inspired fear.

'What is the basis of difference... ... .'

There is no reason for my actions.

It was an affair that was distinctly different from that of Do-do, and Nane went through the lowest level of difference.

'First of all, the shape.'

Having made that decision, Nane headed to a tattoo shop, a specialty of the progressive Jive Kingdom.

"Come on... ... Kyaaaagh!"

Whether or not the female employees who discovered the naked male body screamed, Nane stood in front of the full-length mirror.

"Carve graffiti on my body."

1 hour after that.

While 60 police officers surrounded the store and confronted it, the police chief raised his voice.

"Release the hostages! Procrastinating will only put you at a disadvantage!"

While listening to the sound, the staff inside the store couldn't stop scribbling on Nane's body.

In response to the instruction to engrave everything in the catalog, even severe swear words were written down her spine.

'Ugh, that must be painful.'

Magical equipment developed to save time, but blood flowed all over the body.

Nane just stared at his reflection in the mirror calmly.

'Is my form unique now?'

Or still converge on some concept!

'Let's try a little more.'

Nane grabbed all the piercings in the canister, picked them up one by one, and pierced her ears.

cringe cringe

The staff couldn't stand it and burst into tears when they saw the 13 piercings put on while cutting the raw flesh.

'A certain state that can only be called me.'

"Oh!"

Suddenly, when I turned around, the tattoo was missing, but Nane didn't even care.

"Oh no! The dye is poisonous... ... !"

When I took a shower with all-colored chemicals while having scars all over my body, my flesh became hot as if it were burning.

"Quack! Kiki Kiki!"

He laughed exaggeratedly, tilted his head as if he didn't like it, cleared his throat again, and burst into laughter.

"Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!"

When the work was finally over in a state on the verge of going crazy, the employees knelt down and prayed.

"I'm done. Please leave now."

"No, there is still one more left."

When Nane stuck out her tongue and pointed, two of the five employees rolled their eyes and passed out.

"Hey hee hee hee! Hee hee hee!"

At the terrible sound coming from inside the store, the confronting security forces gnashed their teeth.

"What the hell are you doing over there? Captain, can't we just go in?"

"I am a graduate of magic school. If you rush to subdue them, the hostages will not be safe."

When the deaths came out, the Citizens' Assembly would hold a hearing.

"Hey hee hee! Hee! Hee hee!"

The female employee who had the long sword tattooed on Nane's tongue had a pale face, and her eyes were swollen from how much she cried.

'This is hell.'

Perhaps she will retire as a tattoo artist, but she will forever be remembered as the one who gave Nane's magic a singularity.

"It's a sword."

After clearly remembering the shape of the longsword carved into her tongue, Nane turned around and left the store.

"Arrest! Right Now!"

The 1st security team, masters of the schema, kicked off the ground and flew in and swung their spears.

'battle.'

I think.

Then, as if time had stopped, soldiers floating at different heights were stuffed into space.

Concentration that far transcends the human category.

'The sword of the wind.'

Its magical efficiency, which was so excellent that it was incomparable to anything, soared to the extreme through the obsession of the sword again.

The white light sword that was born on the palm of my hand loosened vaguely and scratched the surroundings in an instant.

"Aww!"

When dozens of scratches appeared on the steel armor worn by Team 1, Team 2 and 3 jumped in.

"catch! Don't let them run away!"

As many as 60 people blocked the escape route, but this was a mistake stemming from not properly identifying the person named Nane.

What really needs to be blocked is his thinking, not his body.

'Ah, that's right.'

The universe stopped again, and Nane dismantled many concepts in the realm of the other.

'The sword of flame. ice sword. electric sword. The sword of the earth.'

Each property is different.

'A violent sword. soft sword. ugly sword. A cruel sword.'

Although the properties are the same, the feeling is different.

'An unpredictable sword. A sword that predicts it. A sword that breaks that prediction. A sword that predicts it again.'

Even though they feel the same, their temperament is different.

'Dismantling everything in every moment.'

In an instant, more than 1,000 dismantled concepts diverged, and none of the sword spectrums overlapped.

"This crazy... ... !"

Before the marshal could even utter the words to retreat, numerous swords were thrown in all directions.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

It feels like everything is exploding in the first universe.

When the teachers of the Royal Magic School arrived three minutes later, the surrounding area was devastated with Nane at the center.

"I ended up doing it."

It wasn't until two hours after Nane disappeared that I realized that not a single person was killed just because I wanted to fight a 'different' battle.

Nane snatched clothes from the fallen villager and put them on.

There is no reason.

If the concept of wearing it again binds me to a certain category, I'll take it off right away.

The headmaster, indignant at the casual robbery, shouted with his fists shaking.

"me : yes! What the hell is this! A hopeful future was guaranteed to you! Do you intend to tarnish the family's honor?"

'It's the family's honor... ... .'

Am I a concept bound by bloodlines?

'No, it's not like that.'

Nane disbanded the surname Dahlia.

Then, he raised his index finger to cover one eye, then pulled out a long tongue with a sword engraved on it towards the principal.

"Hehehehe."

The one who dismantles all the truth in this world.

I am psychedelic.

=======================================
[647] To the world (2)





* * *



After resting at the Ogent family, Shirone finished preparing to leave with Lian.

I couldn't rest for long as I had to go through an ivory tower test against strong competitors.

Tess, who came down from the capital during the three-day break, was making a lunchbox with Amy for the two of them.

"Are you sad, Amy?"

"... ... ."

Since Tess had always supported Amy, she was furious at the situation of having to say goodbye to Shirone.

"Don't do that, just talk. Whether it's waiting, not meeting other girls, or meeting someone again, anytime and anywhere."

What was most frustrating to Tess was that no promises were made between the two of them.

Amy smiled sadly and shook her head.

"I don't want to. Because it's useless anyway."

"Why is it useless? You have to say something like that to make a man more careful about how he behaves."

Amy's hand, which was kneading the rice ball, stopped.

"Tess, do you remember that? When I went to Galliant the other day."

Of course I couldn't forget.

Fighting against the parrot bandits, as well as going to heaven and experiencing extraordinary things, was a trip.

"I once said this, that sometimes Shirone can be seen faintly."

"Yeah, I remember. you did that Shirone seems to see the world from an omniscient point of view."

"In the Ivory Tower, they call it Karr. The ability to exclude oneself and analyze phenomena objectively."

That is why the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower place their full trust in the stars.

"Hmm, it's definitely not that strong."

"There is a saying that the worst person in the world is the one who harms you. It must mean that humans are still trapped in the existence of the country. But Shirone seems to be a little different."

"You mean you don't judge yourself?"

"yes. Of course, wizards always try to be objective, but Shirone denies even herself. Even when he embraced Marsha, and when he forgave the royal family named Pony. No, maybe this is just my standard, and Shirone may have followed the flow of logic from the beginning."

"Do you think that goes too far? Shirone is cold-hearted, but not a cold person."

"I honestly don't know."

Amy recalled Shirone's Karuchi.

"A kar figure close to 90% means that only 10% of the subjectivity is involved in the judgment. Definitely not human. Most humans act with the expectation of a premium for emotions, but Shirone's actions are focused only on achieving a goal."

Tears welled up in Amy's eyes.

"So you don't say anything. Words of waiting and promises of the future won't have any effect on Shirone."

The knife slammed into the chopping board with a thud.

"It's not like that, Amy!"

Tess grabbed Amy's shoulders with both hands.

"The human heart is not determined by numbers. You must be in that 10 percent. You will be filling the 10 percent with emotions that are greater than the 90 percent."

"Is that so?"

Amy wiped her tears with her sleeve.

"Will Shirone really forget me?"

"of course! What if you, who knows Shirone best, get anxious?"

"yes. believe. Trust Shirone."

It seems that her heart has weakened knowingly and unknowingly after hearing the evaluation of the highest institution called the Ivory Tower, in addition to the situation where they had to say goodbye without a promise.

Tess hugged Amy with a wide chest and said with a smile.

"Let's make the most delicious food. Are we or those idiots going to eat at least?"

Only then did Amy regain her smile and nodded.

"Ahaha! That's right, I'm sure it will be."



* * *



While the two horses were waiting, Shirone took Amy's lunchbox, which was still warm, with both hands.

"Thank you, Amy. I will eat well."

"Take care of yourself. Sometimes... ... Send me a letter."

Even asking him to send a letter felt burdensome, but Shirone nodded happily.

"yes. I'll call you when I'm seated."

Lian, who checked the time by the position of the sun in the sky, turned to the horse and said.

"Let's leave now. There is no time."

Tess raised her ax eye.

"Hey! If we break up now, we might see each other again, but won't you say goodbye?"

"I will see you someday. Shirone has to compete with some great guys right now. Saying goodbye is not important."

The nonchalant answer gave Tess a rather absurd expression.

'What's with all these guys?'

Ryan added curtly.

"Graduate from swordsmanship school. I mean join us soon."

A smile formed on Tess' lips.

"Heh, of course I will. After graduating at the top of the class, I will rise to a higher level than a dropout like you."

"ha ha ha! I don't know yet, but by then I will be the great swordsman the whole world knows."

Amy was envious of the two of them talking about each other's future even though they seemed to be arguing.

"hit! I forgot this!"

Shirone, who put the lunch box in the bag hanging from the saddle, took Armand out of the Kubrick.

There must have been a change in Armand to some extent because there was a mental progress while taking the graduation exam.

Amy said, putting her hand on her waist.

"Hmm, that's right. Now that you've become a wizard, you can carry weapons from now on, right?"

"yes. I try to wear it whenever possible."

When the Diamond Armament was activated, the blade split and wrapped around Shirone, and organic matter filled the space between the metal frames.

- Multiple focus point detection. reset function.

Armand, who confirmed the state of quantum superposition, sought another change following Heaven.

"what?"

The shape of the angular, snow-white robe has changed to a calm gray and slightly worn hood.

It wasn't just the appearance that had changed, and the first thing that was confirmed was that everything other than the artificial brain had disappeared.

'It's because of the quantum super position.'

If the cybernetic works in a state where thoughts overlap with the Force Dimension, it will be much more difficult to integrate into Ultima.

'Valhalla action still stopped functioning.'

Theraze didn't seem to have paid the price yet, but according to Miro, it won't be long.

With the disappearance of cybernetic devices, Akamai's antitheses also seemed to have shifted their functions to Armand's robes.

"Hmm."

When the antithese was opened, the robe split as if it had been cut with a knife, and dozens of pupils flickered.

"Ugh!"

Tess frowned, but from a tactical point of view, the blind spots disappeared.

Coupled with the ability of Ringer's upper to respond immediately to impact, the user protection function could be said to be the best.

'uh? Is this gone?'

The biggest change was that the tentacles of Kuzen the Eater no longer came out.

'It's because the psychology has changed.'

Even when Geumgang Armed Forces were changed in heaven, survival was the top priority, so the expression of traits also had an extreme sense.

Kuzen's tentacles have the ability to absorb energy by chewing and swallowing living things.

It also has the advantage of being able to give physical shock, but it was definitely not a way that suited Shirone's tendency.

'The most important thing is that it is in conflict with the quantum superposition.'

An ability that was too active would become difficult to control as the number of overlapping events increased.

"Wait a minute, then how do you absorb energy?"

Shirone, whose mind is integrated with Armand, was able to immediately realize the change.

"Aha, you are eating me."

"you... ... eat?"

"The efficiency of energy metabolism has increased. So if I eat something, Kuzen will eat my body again."

It was a more stable operation than finding energy from outside.

"But is it creepy? Do you think they eat you?"

"Eating is expressed, but it is just accelerating the metabolism. Starving yourself is the same as losing weight."

After all, organisms live by digesting their own bodies.

"Still, the physical exhaustion must be severe. Wouldn't that be dangerous?"

"It's fine. It's me who decides to activate. In particular, Kuzen's eating line is very useful when dealing with schemas."

Furthermore, when combined with the Kenser's ability to regenerate cells, it should have defense power against impacts applied to the inside of the body.

'In other words, a 4-step defense system through Armand.'

In the first step, Akamai's antithese restrains, and in the second step, Ringer's upper protects the user.

In the third step, Kuzen's metabolism promotion strengthens the body, and lastly, Kenser's ability is to regenerate cells.

Of course, the actual battle would be different from the theory, but if you built a defense system of this level, it seemed that you could deal with any enemy.

'Next is attack power.'

Galtomic's ability to strengthen the law would enhance the power of magic as well as the light angel's incarnation.

There was also a technological change in terms of pure horsepower amplification.

The magic amplifying spheres mounted on both gauntlets were integrated into the right palm to further increase efficiency.

'I'd rather have this. If you obsess over balance, you can't create a variable when it's important.'

This was also Shirone's tendency.

"Do you like it."

From form to function, it felt like I was finally wearing clothes that fit me after throwing off the extreme pain I had experienced in heaven.

"It's fine if you like it."

Lian said it was not a big deal, but Amy stuck out her tongue at Armand's ability to strengthen the entire body.

It has been proven that Shirone's ability alone in the graduation exam can create a great synergy effect, but now Armand's function has been added.

'Current Shirone... ... How strong are you?'

On the other hand, Shirone liked the fact that the style, which was closer to decoration rather than function, changed to field use.

"I think I like these shabby clothes better."

To be honest, thinking about walking around the streets in a pure white robe without a single wrinkle made my face feel hot.

"My activity has improved, and most of all... ... ."

Shirone flapped her sleeves and smiled brightly.

"Is this waterproof?"

Amy had a dazed expression, but it was an important problem for Shirone, who had to keep wearing it from now on.

said Tess.

"Are you bored with the most expensive clothes in the world? The name of the designer is engraved on good clothes. How about putting something like that in it?"

"Aha, yes."

Thinking it was reasonable, Shirone closed her eyes and activated the ringer's upper.

card win. card win.

The name Arian Shirone was engraved as a metallic line moved across the soft sleeve.

"How about this?"

Just like his simple personality, he had only one line of his name engraved on it, but that alone made him look much more luxurious.

"Yeah, that's cool. You really feel like a wizard now."

Shirone looked at Amy with affection.

Because a day would not be enough to bring out the feelings contained in them, they were just two people saying goodbye with their eyes.

"Then I will go! All is well!"

Tess put her hand on Amy's shoulder as Shirone and Lian mounted the horse and waved away as they rode away at high speed.

"Don't worry, Amy. In a few hours ago... ... ."

"yes. I heard it too."

Amy shed tears and nodded.



"Shirone."

Lian asked as we were about to leave the home of the Ogent family and enter the mountain road.

"Why don't you engrave Amy's name on it too? I'm looking forward to it It wasn't difficult, was it?"

Shirone smiled happily and stared at the sleeve with her name engraved on it.

After a while, the sleeve was turned inside out to reveal the lining.

"Already engraved."

Inside the name Arian Shirone, another line of words glistened in the sunlight.



Karmis Amy





(end of volume 26)

=======================================