Infinite Wizard - Kim Chi Woo
=======================================
[1] Meet the Magic (1)





"Eung-aeng. Ugh."

Vincent woke up frowning. The cry of a newborn baby was heard in the quiet mountain where even the birds slept.

"Eung-aeng. Ugh."

Even as she brushed her messy hair and rubbed her sleepy eyes, the sad story of the baby continued.

"God, what did I do so wrong?"

Vincent got out of bed and looked back at his wife, who had fallen asleep. I hoped she was having her happy dreams. If she hears this, she will be in trouble.

The Vincent couple, who had been married for 7 years, had no children. She had visited her clinic at great expense, but all she said was that she couldn't figure out the cause.

"There is such a thing as inner compatibility. It's just that. Neither Olina nor you seem to have any problems, so try it several times. chuckle!"

Vincent also burst out laughing at first. It was also true that Geumseul improved thanks to the doctor's prescription.

However, after 5 years of marriage, I had no choice but to admit it.

He couldn't have children.

His wife, Olina, never once expressed regret. But sometimes, when she looked at the other house's children with a lonely expression, Vincent couldn't be so resentful of his lower body.

"It's not like some pair of shiki are salting people!"

Due to the nature of their job as hunters, most of them build houses in the mountains. This is because you have to check traps every hour and you need a base camp in the mountains to track wild animals for days and days.

No one is looking for the hunter's house at this hour. Unable to deny the possibility of a thief, Vincent took a single-edged ax and went out the door.

"who is this! The one who makes noise at night!"

Vincent shouted so that the mountain roared. He returned with no one answering and only his shouts echoing.

It could have been a merchant who handles special products, but no matter how much I looked around, I couldn't find a common torch.

Vincent became even more nervous and gripped the ax handle tightly. Then he moved slowly, following the baby's cries.

The sound was coming from the stables.

The possibility of being a thief is high. I had heard in the slash-and-burn village that people who plundered property were rampant against people living alone in the mountains.

"A rotten bastard! I'll cut you up!"

In the worst case scenario, you will have no choice but to see blood.

With that determination, Vincent opened the stable door. At the same time, he looked inside with the excellent senses of a mountaineer.

Purr.

Hearing the horse's peaceful galling calmed me somewhat. Because beasts don't lie.

The stable where the two horses were sleeping was narrow and small. So there was nowhere to hide. Surprisingly, there was no sign of anyone entering.

"But what about the cries?"

Vincent moved quietly and looked at the straw mats. Her newborn baby, a couple of months old, was crying.

I hid the ax behind my back in an unknown sanctity. Then, thinking that this was disrespectful, I threw it into a corner and crawled to the baby.

"Eung-aeng. Ugh."

When I opened the wrapper with my clumsy hand, there was a baby as pretty as a moon. An innocent baby who knows nothing and has just touched the air of the world.

Vincent's eyes trembled. Then he shook his body as if he had been struck by lightning and, unable to control his emotions, bolted out of the stall.

"who is this! who's kidding! Abandoning a child, you rotten bastard! Come out quickly!"

An echo echoed as if several people were speaking.

"come out! really not coming out? How could you abandon a child! you really are a bad guy! Know?"

He pressed again, but no one answered.

"You really threw it away! No more chances! Just show up in front of me later! I'll turn your face into rice cake!"

Vincent shouted in the loudest voice of his life. This is because, in the distant future, when he recalled this day, he did not want to leave any regrets behind.

Vincent went back into the stable. He was exhausted from crying, so the child fell asleep. Holding the baby in his trembling hands, he gently put his ear to his small chest.

heart was beating

"Honey, what's going on?"

His wife, Olina, came into the stables panting. It was so loud that Vincent's voice made him completely sleepless.

Vincent stared blankly at his wife as if speechless, then showed her the child sleeping in her arms.

"What is that child?"

"that is... ... It must be our child."



* * *



Early summer, when the greenery was rampant.

Vincent hummed and hurried along the path where the cold stream flowed. A large elk slung over his shoulder, but as a giant, his movements were light.

As they approached the house, their gait quickened. The faces of the precious family members were already in my eyes.

"Shirone, Dad is here!"

"Dad!"

A 12-year-old boy burst into a big smile and ran to the front door. Unlike the rugged, rock-like Vincent, Shirone has grown into a beautiful boy, as if God had given special care to him.

Her hair flowing like golden threads, her blue eyes, and her sharp nose even though she was still immature made her look like a doll. Whenever he sees his son, Vincent snorts and puts strength on his shoulders.

Holding Shirone in his arms, he buried his face in his son's neck and took a deep breath. His son's body odor cleared away the tiredness of the long hike.

"Yes, my son. my treasure. How have you been?"

"Yes. I helped my mom cook and read a lot of books."

cooking and books.

Feeling the incongruity between the two words, Vincent was embarrassed. But he didn't show it, and let out his wild laugh.

"Are the books that good?"

"No, that... ... There is nothing else to do."

Seeing his son hide his emotions as if he had done something wrong, Vincent felt sorry and sorry.

In fact, he knew too. That the miraculous child bestowed by heaven is unusually intelligent.

Olina could read a little, but she was a mountaineer's wife anyway. Even so, Shirone groped for the letters he knew only with his learning, and now he has reached the level of reading a book by himself.

That made my heart ache even more.

A hunter's son cannot study.

Herbalist's children become herbivores, and hunter's children become hunters.

Even the most insignificant job has its secrets and tricks that cannot be conveyed bare-mouthed. Hunting skills were all poor Vincent could pass on to his son.

But Vincent couldn't help but keep his mouth shut. Twelve years old is too young to tell you about the unfairness of the world.

"No, good job. No matter what you do, you have to learn how to succeed. When Dad goes to the city this time, I'll buy him a book."

"it's okay. You've bought a lot so far. And, in fact, there was nothing at all."

Vincent laughed at his son's bluff. He bought books discarded by nobles at a bargain price at an antique shop, unable to afford practical books that cost money because they were too expensive. I don't know, but it wasn't a book that a child could digest.

Vincent felt heartbroken and torn at the son's mentality of worrying about his parents' livelihood first.

"yes! How are you anyway? Shall we go to the woods with Daddy? It's important to learn, but a man who doesn't know anything needs to have stamina. Dad will teach you how to chop wood today."

"wow! Then will you give me an ax too?"

"Chuck! Sure! Let's cut down all the trees in the mountain with Daddy today!"

Vincent gave Shirone an axe as if he had been waiting. Compared to housekeeping, it is more expensive, but it is much more useful than a book. Because the ax allows you to make money.

With an honest heart, he hoped that his son would become a mountaineer. However, Shirone was dwarfed by his peers, so it seemed unlikely that he would be able to do the tough stuff. So he was thinking of improving his stamina from now on.

'Your face is flowing and your hair is outstanding. Could it be that he was the son of a noble?'

Vincent hurriedly erased the question in his head. Every time he thought about it, he felt like he had been given a gift that overflowed his heart.

'Shirone is my child. He is not a child brought from a stable, but a child with my own blood.'

Having made that resolution, Vincent took Shirone's hand and left the house.

His logging area was one kilometer from the cabin.

There are many mountaineers nearby, so if you work outside the designated area, fights may break out. In severe cases, it even led to knife fighting.

"ruler. I will give you a demonstration, so watch carefully and follow along."

Vincent spat on the palm of his hand and then began chopping the tree with relief. Shortly after the thump thump, a straight tree cracked over.

The number of strikes with an ax was a measure of a woodcutter's skill. Vincent was not a woodcutter, so he knocked him down with an ax 10 times, but that alone was a great skill.

"If you dig the same place several times in this way and then tilt the tree, it will not be able to withstand the weight and will fall over. can you do it?"

"Yes, I will try."

Vincent chose a tree that Shirone could dig. Facing the tree, Shirone spat in his hand, just like his dad did. Even though he had only seen him once, the position and posture of holding the axe and even the habit of rubbing his palms were identical.

Vincent laughed heartily, thinking that he was also clever.

However, when he tried to swing the axe, his posture was sloppy.

It's not something you can do with just your head. Strength and stamina must be supported. The weight of the ax was considerable, and strong muscular strength was required to wield it enough to cut through the wind.

The reason Vincent came out to cut wood was because Shirone was smaller than her peers.

If you are destined not to become a scholar, you must at least develop your strength. Because no woman would try to get her wedding to a man who couldn't make money.

"profit! urg!"

Shirone gritted his teeth and swung the axe. However, each time he swung, his hitting point was different.

Vincent, who was worse off, gave me a trick.

"You can't use up all your strength. Instead of reducing the force just a little, try increasing the accuracy."

Shirone quickly absorbed Vincent's advice. But this time, the strength was so weak that it showed no signs of breaking.

Was my son this weak?

Vincent was a bit sullen.

"Whoa, that's hard."

"It's okay, Shirone. No, I'm sorry. To be honest, I know this doesn't suit you. But the hunter's son, inevitably... ... ."

Vincent was speechless with a broken heart. How heartbreaking is the heart of parents who have to convey the harsh reality to their children.

"You are such a clever kid. Smarter than the herbalist's son, Baron, and the fruit seller's daughter, Stella. There is no need to be intimidated by the fact that you are weak. my greed for you... ... ."

Tears welled up in Vincent's eyes. But Shirone didn't care about that and asked while pulling her father's collar.

"More than that, Dad, how can I dig a tree well?"

Vincent was slightly embarrassed.

But the embarrassment was short-lived, and when Shirone showed interest in chopping wood, a sense of exhilaration flooded in.

"Do you really want to learn this?"

"Yes, please teach me. fun."

My son's words gave me courage again. Vincent was about to plant and took Shirone to examine the grooves of the tree.

"Now look at this groove here. Strength comes naturally when you become an adult. But in fact, it doesn't require a lot of strength. What matters is the command. Earlier, it was said to hit the same place, but if you twist the angle a little more than that, you will receive a much greater force."

"Oh, I see."

Vincent opened his eyes wide and stared at the groove his son had made. He was pretty amazing. It's hard to believe he's a beginner, so he hit exactly the same spot.

If it was this way, it would be difficult to fall down the tree unless it was a fairly strong bone.

=======================================
[2] Meet the Magic (2)





"I will try again."

Shirone continued to observe the grooves of the tree for a long time, even after Vincent had left.

Now he was feeling a slight shudder.

Putting a line of tricks in your head is knowledge. However, it was a sensation that was accepted with the whole body.

Hit the same place, but twist it a little.

This simple knowledge that had been handed down through the mouths of countless people was being absorbed by Shirone with a far greater realization than Vincent expected.

"Dad."

"yes?"

"Should I break this one at a time?"

"ha ha ha! I haven't even cut half of it yet. Will it break?"

"If you're lucky, it might be."

The tree is not broken because it is lucky. The skilled woodcutter persistently digs into the weak point of the resolution and knocks it over with just a few blows of an axe, but there is no way Shirone can do that.

"good! Let's trust our son's luck!"

Vincent readily matched his son's rhythm. I was just grateful that you were interested in chopping wood.

"If you break this, please grant me a wish."

"yes? wish?"

I suddenly felt uneasy. Could she possibly be saying that she wants to learn to read? Or maybe she wants to be sent to school like the other rich kids?

"Please take me with you when I go to the city to sell things this time."

To be honest, it took ten years, but Vincent didn't show it and smiled broadly.

"It's okay, that's fine. I will listen to you!"

After accepting the agreement, Shirone passed the ax behind her shoulder and looked at the tree. When the smile on his lips disappeared shortly after, Vincent was terrified. The son, who stared at the tree without blinking, seemed to be looking for something invisible.

Shirone suddenly swung the axe. He seems to have hit the groove exactly, but with extremely minute twists mixed in, in categories unrecognizable to humans.

What a bummer!

The sound of lightning struck Vincent's eyes wide open. At the place where the ax had entered, a crack occurred like an earthquake, and the tree could not handle the weight and cracked.

"Hurray! Success!"

Vincent couldn't believe it. It was a 'thunder strike' that came down as a legend among woodcutters. It was a mythical skill that Vincent and the woodcutter he knew had only heard about but had never seen or experienced.

But that is because the woodcutter's work is focused on making a living. In fact, in some occupational groups, the phenomenon of thundering can be encountered quite often, but it was none other than the swordsman.

A swordsman risking his life to wield a sword sharpens his skills systematically and deeply incomparably with a woodcutter.

Among them, thunderclap was included. However, it was clear that even such tests were not a skill that could be easily performed.

"Hurray! Success!"

Shirone, who was able to tour the city as promised, ran around with her arms raised.

Vincent, watching the scene, was confused.

I couldn't figure out whether I should raise this child to be a woodcutter or not.



* * *



Grabbing the reins of the two-headed carriage with a cart, Vincent crossed the gates of the city of Creas. Shirone, who was riding in the luggage compartment, looked around with sparkling eyes.

 Leather is delivered to the weapon shop, meat to the grocery store, and intestines to the apothecary or magic shop. I had to go around several shops, and it would have taken more than four hours to even bargain.

Upon arriving at the store, Shirone jumped off the cart. said Vincent, placing the bag of meat on his shoulder.

"We must be back before sunset."

"Do not worry. I have memorized all the roads."

"Never go into a dark place, and you have to go only on the main road. If someone comes and asks why you're alone, you have to point to the nearest store and say you're waiting for Dad."

"OK. The last time I came, nothing special happened."

Vincent was heartbroken to think that he was neglecting his son. But he couldn't help it because his family's livelihood depended on how he bargained.

Shirone reassured his anxious father and left the shopping district. Vincent expected a concert hall or a toy store that children usually visit, but Shirone was not interested in such things.

The place where Shirone arrived was the largest library in the city. As he looked up at the huge, majestic building, his heart pounded.

Could all the knowledge since the beginning of history be accumulated in this building?

There is no way to check. The library, a top-notch cultural space, was not accessible to non-nobility.

When two female students walked out of the library holding books in their arms, Shirone hurriedly stepped aside.

Vincent is a loving father, but when he talks about nobles, he always threatens like a goblin.

never give up What they say is absolutely right. When you make eye contact, bow your head.

Shirone didn't care how great the nobles were. He just wanted to read a book.

'Why can't I go in?'

Shirone decided to follow the female students. There was nothing I wanted to see other than the library, but I was curious about how nobles differed from commoners.

After walking for about 20 minutes, the scenery changed dramatically.

Shirone forgot her original purpose and was overwhelmed by the gigantic structures towering all over the place. Among them, the highlight was the school, which boasts an enormous site even through the barbed wire.

The name of the building was written on the arch of the main entrance.

Alpheas Magic School.

If there was one word Shirone couldn't understand in life, it was magic.

It appears in many stories without falling out, but I have never seen a book that describes the principle. It was kind of neglected. It was also the arrogance that non-mages didn't need to know.

A guard spotted Shirone and shouted.

"what! What are you children doing?"

And as if Shirone's outfit was a pariah, he waved his hands back and forth as if to drive away flies.

"Go back! This is not the place for crap like you to come."

"Oh, sorry."

Shirone got scared and ran away. The guard, who was also savage in appearance, opened his eyes and made his hamstrings tingle.

But when the guards were out of sight, they stopped again. Surprisingly, it was still under the walls of the magic school.

How wide is this school?

While I was thinking about that, I heard an old man's voice from across the fence.

"Now then, let's talk about what magic is."

"Aaaah, no! show me the magic Show me one more!"

"No! Show me the fire going, Headmaster!"

Shirone looked up at the beautiful tree that stood over the wall. The principal of the magic school seemed to be holding an outdoor class under the shade of a tree.

All of the children's voices were younger than Shirone's. Being educated from the moment they are born is aristocratic, so it wouldn't be strange if a child went to magic school.

"Heh heh, if you start a fire at school, you get scolded. Instead, if you get it right, I'll show you some fun magic."

"Oh yea! What's the matter? Hurry up please!"

Shirone listened to the wall.

"What is the most necessary talent to learn magic?"

Silence continued for a while.

Everyone must have been dumb from eating honey. It was a question that required a fairly subjective answer, even for Shirone.

However, the children are gifted children who have been recognized for their magical talent and have been admitted early. Rather than give up, he gave his own answer one by one.

"Effort. Effort is important because even if you study magic for a lifetime, you cannot learn everything."

"I think it is knowledge. There are over 100 magic books alone."

Besides that, plausible answers such as concentration and memory continued.

But the principal's voice was still unheard. Perhaps he is looking at the children with a benevolent smile?

"Money. There are so many things to buy to learn magic."

The children burst into laughter.

The principal's laughter was also mixed in.

At this point, Shirone also became curious. If not effort, knowledge, or money, what talent is most needed to learn magic?

After hearing all the children's answers, the principal finally spoke up.

"The most necessary talent to learn magic is insight."

The second stillness came.

"What is Insight?"

The headmaster grunted and let out an embarrassing groan. However, he continued to explain in a friendly voice.

"Insight is more accurate than knowledge and faster than effort."

"wow! So, is it really magic?"

"haha! It could be. No, that's right. Because all the magic that exists in the world comes from insight. Let me give you an example. Do you know how many 1 plus 1 is?"

"Of course it's 2."

The children responded unanimously. It was like how could you ask such a thing?

"I see. So can you explain why 1 plus 1 is 2?"

"uh? yea of ??course... ... ."

The children who tried to speak confidently shut their mouths. It's because I can't figure out where to start explaining, what to explain and how to explain it.

There was laughter in Alpheas' voice.

"The strange feeling I feel right now is insight. Long ago, there was a time when people did not know that 1 plus 1 equals 2. It has been proven through knowledge and hard work. But don't you guys understand perfectly that one plus one equals two without going through that process?"

Shirone gradually fell in love with the story. The children on the other side of the wall were probably listening with their mouths open as well.

"Magic is a phenomenon that exists from the beginning. Just like the correct answer is 2 even when you don't know that 1 plus 1 is 2. Someone has uncovered that fact with effort and knowledge, but you don't have to. As such, insight is the fastest way to understand the rules of something."

"Then there is no need to study or work?"

"Does that make sense? But to be honest... ... It is true."

Common sense is knowledge that the majority believes in. But sometimes it's easy to accept, so it's common sense. Shirone was able to guess Alpheas' heart as he had to tell the cruel reality.

"Then you don't have to go to school?"

"Heh heh heh! Insight is not so easily obtained. The reason why 1 plus 1 equals 2 is because scholars have proven it through the ages. Of course, there are people who realize the correct answer without going through the process of verification. We call such people geniuses."

"Did my mother say I was a genius?"

"It is not wrong to say that. Everyone is born with a talent, and anyone can become a genius if they hone that talent."

Anyone can be a genius. Shirone's words got stuck in his chest.

But is it? Will the opportunity to go over this high wall come to you too?

"yes. It's the kid standing there behind the wall. I want to hear what you think."

Shirone hurriedly retreated from the wall.

Should I run away? No, should I answer? But are they qualified to answer commoners?

"Don't do that, come over here. I want to see her face."

Shirone heard her heart beating as she approached the wall. I was still young, so I didn't know the world, but one thing was clear. It was a fact that if I couldn't cross this wall now, I would regret it for the rest of my life.

Shirone climbed the wall. The principal of Alpheas Magic School, Alpheas, was smiling.

The first impression was a gray-haired grandfather. But in reality, he was a virtuous person whose name was known even to other countries as a certified fourth-class wizard recognized by the kingdom.

Alpheas, sitting on a flat rock, waved his hand.

"Would you like to come? Have you come to be the companion of this old man?"

Gaining confidence in Alpheas' benevolence, Shirone jumped over the fence. As expected, children around the same age as Shirone or younger were sitting in a circle.

=======================================
[3] Meet the Magic (3)





A child frowned at Shirone's outfit.

"Principal, he is not an aristocrat. I think he is a lowly citizen."

"Cheongmin shouldn't come in here. Hey, you quickly get out!"

I didn't know that Alpheas wasn't a noble, so he scratched his eyebrows in embarrassment. However, he beckoned to come without discriminating between the noble and the lowly, befitting a wizard who pursues intelligence.

"It's okay, come this way. Yes, what words of the old man attracted you?"

Shirone hesitated. He wanted to approach Alfeas, but the children's eyes were blocking his approach.

It was as if he was saying this. Don't invade their territory on the subject of insignificant cheonmin.

"Show me your magic."

"Heh heh, have you never seen magic?"

"I've read about it in books, but I've never seen it myself."

A child pointed and shouted.

"lie! What book do you read?"

Alpheas stared into Shirone's eyes as if to hide the truth. It didn't seem like a lie. However, it was children of that age who deceived adults as if they were eating with an innocent face.

"So, what kind of magic would you like to see?"

"It doesn't matter. Anything is fine, so show me. please."

Shirone realized her situation and politely bowed her head. Alfeas waved his hand with his wry smile. It wasn't that difficult if it was a level of magic to play with children.

"This old man's only pleasure is to show our cuties magic. good! In that case, I will show you the magic that causes the wind this time."

"Wow! It's the wind, the wind!"

Even as the children clapped their hands, Shirone clenched her fists in tension. It was only natural that I knew nothing about magic.

The moment Alpheas waved his hand, Shirone widened her eyes at an unexpected sense of floating. As the world sank down, my vision opened up. The buildings of the magic school were visible at once.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Shirone screamed involuntarily. On the other hand, the children seemed to enjoy Alpheas's magic, even doing somersaults and enjoying it.

Moments later, Shirone crashed at breakneck speed. She closed her eyes tightly and crouched down at the sight of the land crashing down on her.

But the hopeless shock was not delivered. When I gently opened my eyes, I was floating near the ground.

The children pointed at Shirone and laughed away. Alpheas was also watching with a convex smile.

"How are you? This is magic."

All Shirone could hear was the sound of her heart beating in her chest. The magic he experienced for the first time in his life transcended the boy's vaguely dreamed fantasy.

"What is magic?"

"Hmm, let's see. Magic is... ... ."

As Alpheas playedfully chose the words, Shirone impatiently added a word.

"It's okay if I don't understand. Please tell me what you think."

The children's faces hardened. Alpheas is a famous wizard known in the kingdom. That's why the sons of nobles act like docile sheep. However, since Shirone said something arrogant, the children were in awe.

Alpheas thought he was bold, but he wasn't upset because he could see his desperation. His unusually beautiful appearance also played a part in erasing his sense of incongruity.

"Chuck! You don't have to be so nervous. Actually, it's not even that difficult. But if you want, you can turn the difficulty up a bit. Magic is an act that defies common sense. Conversely, it is a mental operation that seeks the truth of phenomena."

Shirone blinked and thought for a long time.

"If you don't know, you can say you don't know."

"It's different from common sense, but in fact, is that the truth?"

Alpheas stuck out his lower lip. It was a habit that only came out when he was really surprised.

It is possible to feel the sincerity of a short statement only when you understand something perfectly.

Also, that was the insight that Alpheas had emphasized.

"Where did you learn that?"

"Uh, um, in the book."

"Is there a book with such content?"

"It wasn't the content, but it came to my mind while reading the book. I think common sense is not necessarily right. I also thought that in order to reach the truth, I might have to fight common sense in the end."

Alpheas nodded.

It made sense.

'No, it's not truth, it's truth. Are you saying you really know? Anyone can recite what someone has heard. But if that's not the case... ... .'

Would I be 12 now?

Once an idea has risen to the ranks of common sense, it is extremely difficult to destroy it. Already realizing the essentiality, the primary goal pursued by magic, was a considerable talent.

'It's really unique. No, I have insight. Are you really a commoner? It's a pity.'

Sensing that she wouldn't be able to stay here long, she asked the second question.

"How can I learn magic? Do you need special powers?"

"I don't know what special power it is, but it does require a lot of mental strength."

It was a surprisingly trivial answer. Shirone thought that Alfeas might be hiding the truth.

"Is that really all? Are you saying that if you think you need to create a wind, you can fly like before?"

"That is a very difficult problem. But if I add an exaggeration, it is. Of course, it's impossible just to think. The wizard's spirit must be perfectly assimilated with the world. An extremely sensitive state of mind, for example?"

The first time the principal had a serious conversation with someone, the children didn't even dare to intervene.

"How can I feel that this is an extremely sensitive state of mind?"

Alpheas saw through Shirone's intentions and smiled quietly. It's not just curiosity. This child is exploring. He really intends to learn magic in this place.

'I'm sorry, but I'm a commoner. There will never be a chance to learn magic. I'd rather give it now than be frustrated for the rest of my life.'

Alpheas relaxed his expression as if to evoke the atmosphere.

"When a wizard concentrates, his mind becomes sharp enough to sense everything around him. Wizards describe this as entering the Spirit Zone. I'm going to demonstrate, so watch the kid here do it. Shumin, would you like to enter the Spirit Zone?"

"Yes, Headmaster."

A girl named Shumin answered confidently. Before entering school, they were all called geniuses, so it was only natural that they wanted to show off their skills.

When Shumin closed his eyes and concentrated, the children created a quiet atmosphere. As if such an attitude further reveals their superiority.

"I entered the Spirit Zone."

"Then let's begin."

Alpheas took out a coin and shook it. Then he held out his fist, snatching the coin.

"Now, how many coins are in here?"

"Six outlines."

When I opened my palm, there were six silver coins lying there. Alfeas, ignoring Shirone's surprised expression, repeated the same action.

"Now, try again."

"Three outlines."

It was correct this time too.

After that, I tried a few more times, but the result was the same. Alpheas said while inserting a coin with a satisfied expression.

"It's done, Shumin. You did very well."

Shumin let out a long breath. Even though she had just guessed the number, cold sweat was forming on her forehead.

"This is an extremely sensitive state of mind. The moment they enter the Spirit Zone, the wizard can perceive the outside world supersensibly. Excellent wizards can even count the number of leaves from a long distance. Of course, the skills that Shumin showed are also great."

Shirone somehow seemed to know. It is because he succeeded in Thunder Melee by realizing the impossible point that human senses cannot find with insight.

I think Shumin didn't count the number of coins. He concentrated all his senses and felt the whole situation in Alfeas' hands.

'Extremely sensitive state of mind. Spirit Zone.'

Shirone chewed over Alpheas' words. In the meantime, questions naturally follow. Can I really do it? No, maybe you can?

"Anyone can do it."

Alfeas, who saw through Shirone's intentions, spoke.

Anyone can do Spirit Zone. But he wasn't something anyone could do.

innate talent.

Magic was such a world.

"Practice in a quiet place. First of all, I want to feel you. then erase it If that happens, a different world will unfold. Do you see what I mean?"

"I know."

Shirone understood.

"If you don't feel yourself, it will be impossible to erase yourself."

Alpheas admired again. It's not an insight a 12-year-old can savor.

Then there were two possible cases. Either really gifted, or a mischievous acquaintance sent to prank you.

"Would you like to try it? here."

Seeing no reason to refuse, Shirone closed her eyes. He seemed to be able to do anything if he used the experience of Thunder Melee. But when he focused, he was not looking for a weakness in the tree.

 I couldn't draw anything. When I recalled the appearance, most of it was only constructed through visual information. It was shocking how little he knew about himself.

'What is it? Does a country exist?'

Shirone endlessly dug into his thoughts. Then he finally came to an idea of ??himself that he was thinking about.

'brain. Humans were brains.'

No matter what I think of, I cannot come up with a clear definition of myself. It's just a function of the human brain. If thinking is the only me, the moment I erase my thoughts, I disappear too.

Shirone began to gradually erase the functioning of her brain. He was something everyone could do, but not everyone could do.

My mind seems to be sucked into the abyss. It was like seeing the shape of concentration for the first time. As the nervous system connected to the five senses melted away, it was impossible to tell what smell was and what touch was.

And finally, Shirone disappeared from his brain.



Shirone's eyes widened.

The scenery unfolding before my eyes was serene. The children were yawning and the women were pulling out their hair and playing games. Shirone didn't know that 10 minutes had passed before he knew it.

"How are you? Did you hear something?"

Alpheas did not expect. I admit the concentration that lasted for 10 minutes, but the spirit zone was not something I could get into by working hard. If all he did was stand with his eyes closed, the wizard could be a dog or a cow.

"Yes, I heard."

Alfeas raised his eyebrows at the unexpected answer.

"Hoo? So, what did you hear?"

"sound. I heard everything."

"Heh heh, that's right."

Alpheas nodded. Perhaps Shirone could not have entered the Spirit Zone. Even an ordinary person can hear a different sound if he concentrates for 10 minutes. But what was happening in the Spirit Zone was on a different level from that.

First, experience synesthesia. The smell comes from the sound, the taste is felt from the light, and the image is transmitted through the skin.

'Is Pharaoh too much? Too bad. He's a talented kid.'

Had he been an aristocrat, had he been trained from a young age, wouldn't he have achieved similar achievements as the children here today?

But that alone couldn't turn Alpheas's heart. There are as many talented people as stars in the world. Even the children of this place could not guarantee that they would become wizards.

"Good job. If you practice hard in the future, you will be able to hear more sounds."

Alpheas petted Shirone and took the children away. Shirone knew his disappointment. However, it was considerate enough that he did not confirm that he was leaving school.

Shirone climbed over the fence. And she ran like crazy. It wasn't until she stopped running and sat down that she noticed her heart beating against her breastbone.

"It really is."

=======================================
[4] Meet the Magic (4)





Shirone heard everything. He, of course, had more senses than that, but he couldn't confide in Alfeas.

The moment a vague ideal is grasped, all thoughts face reality and warn that it is dangerous.

Maybe he didn't get into the spirit zone. Still couldn't define what it was.

It was as if the body was split into particles and spread out. As my senses opened, all sorts of information poured in. She shuddered at the vastness of a world completely different from what she felt with her five senses. At the same time, a truth penetrated my brain.

I am limitless.

"Huh, black."

Shirone shed tears from the overwhelming emotion. Then I closed my eyes and ran. He didn't even realize he was running. Her aroused brain secreted a huge amount of adrenaline and went into a temporary blackout.

Suddenly, a blunt impact hit his face.

"Aww!"

Shirone grabbed his nose and slammed his ass. When he came to his senses, it was an alleyway. It was a secluded place that Vincent had warned not to enter.

"What, annoying!"

The young man who had been hit on the back by Shirone fell and lost his temper. In front of them, bad-looking old men were glaring at Shirone.

Even when the young man woke up, he grabbed Shirone by the collar. He was a man with slanted eyes and twisted lips.

"what? Are you crazy?"

"I'm sorry!"

"Sorry, is it over? Blow honestly. You sent it from the wolf gang, right? Weren't you just trying to soak me?"

"Nope! No!"

The thugs saw Shirone's frightened eyes and smiled cruelly. This kid, who was cute even when he collapsed, didn't even have the courage to hit people, let alone a knife.

In the back alleys, this kind was called herbivores. And herbivores were a good source of money for meat eaters. I'm trembling with fear, so now I just need to peel it off and eat it.

'Hoo? Look at this?'

Judging by her face, she was dressed in a raggedy outfit, but she was imbued with elegance. Such a child was a high-class manpower who could receive a gold coin if sold to Namchon.

"What are you guys doing? Did anything interesting happen?"

"Miss Amy!"

The bullies shouted in unison and turned around.

Standing outside the alley was a pretty girl about the same age as Shirone. Her reddish bangs flowed down to cover one eye, and she wore a dress with a collar as high as her long neck.

"lol. Why did you come? Are you bored again?"

Contrary to his light tone, the young man servilely rubbed his hands together. It was natural for anyone who knew her identity.

Karmis Amy.

She is the youngest daughter of the Karmis family, the first in the aristocracy. Since she was born, she has everything, so she is sick of living, and her only pleasure these days is snooping around her back alleys and finding something fun to do.

Since the first class was right below the royal family in rank, it was only natural that the back alley thugs were trembling. Moreover, Amy was even respected by her bullies because of her spending.

"This child is a horse. Are you trying to kill someone? So I was trying to get my hands on it."

Shirone hurriedly shook his head.

"Oh, no. I bumped into it without even realizing it."

"It's cracking. Are you asking us to believe that?"

When the big man kicked his stomach, Shirone rolled on the floor without even screaming. His breath stopped and his stomach ached as if it were being ripped apart. It was the first violence he experienced in his life.

"You don't have to pay for it, man! where did your mom go Mother who gave birth to a conscienceless bastard like you and is still swallowing bread, bring me!"

Shirone was shocked. How can they say such a thing when they have a mother too? They were really bad guys.

"What? Does this child's eyes change? Are you feeling bad?"

As soon as Shirone became serious, the bullies started to attack and trample on each other. Even then, Shirone didn't know why he didn't touch his face.

"stop. Then I'll catch you."

At Amy's instruction, the bullies retreated.

Shirone looked at her with frightened eyes. I envied her that she was free from her pain, as if there was an invisible glass wall between the two of her.

"Hey! Are you okay?"

"I-I didn't do anything."

"Who said what? I asked if you were okay."

"I don't know, maybe it's okay."

Shirone wanted to go home. Maybe this girl will let it go. Didn't she hate hitting people? She wished that her permission would come from her.

said Amy, turning to the bullies.

"What are you going to do now? Anything more fun?"

Shirone looked at Amy with eyes full of betrayal and fear. But she just smiled and smiled like a mischievous person. said one of her bullies, scratching her head.

"I was thinking of robbing it for a while and then selling it as a male prostitute."

Shirone's face turned as pale as soup. When she saw the boy's frightened face, Amy felt a little pity too.

However, I have no intention of playing with the back alley trash anyway. I thought I'd scare him a little and send him home.

"A male prostitute shouldn't have flaws. How about taking off your clothes?"

Amy made a bold suggestion. Aristocrats are on the more mature side than commoners, so at the age of 12, they had to be considered quick in theory.

As much as that, my curiosity was strong, and I was thinking about seeing it with my own eyes at least once.

'Besides... ... Are you handsome? To be honest.'

The naked body of a rough adult was not acceptable even if they paid money. Fortunately, Shirone was the same age and I liked his appearance. If commoner women liked tall and sturdy men, aristocrats preferred faces like Shirone.

"Take it off. maybe not? If you do your best, maybe I can send you home."

Shirone was stunned as he received countless stares. He couldn't understand why he should be treated like this.

"Hey, the lady told me to take off my clothes! Do you want to get hit again?"

The bully threatened, but Shirone didn't even respond.

Amy was a little uneasy. She is said to have grown up by the age of 12 aristocrats, but she was still a child of a commoner. It could have been that he had lost his mind over the fear beyond his limits.

However, Shirone did not go crazy. Rather, I was more focused than ever. As she panicked, she unwittingly entered the Spirit Zone.

The second Spirit Zone I experienced was different from the first. All sorts of information flooded in. It seemed like I could even hear the hoodlums blinking.

Shirone passed her consciousness along the only path in the spiritual world of supersense. At the destination of the road, the memory of Alpheas casting magic remained.

Shirone's insight gathered superficial information such as emotions, senses, spirit, actions, attitudes, and attitudes at the time Alpheas cast magic.

As soon as the external form was established, a concept popped into my head as I roughly anticipated the inner intention.

"You bastard! Won't you take your pants off soon? The lady says she misses you!"

Spirit Zone, which requires high concentration, is vulnerable to physical shock. Shirone also almost escaped from the Spirit Zone when a bully grabbed her by the collar and shook her.

Seeing an eerie energy in Shirone's eyes, Amy stretched out her hand and shouted.

"Wait for a moment!"

But the situation was already irreversible.

As Shirone's spirit, which was barely straddling the boundary between reality and the Spirit Zone, realized the crisis, a certain will instinctively distorted the phenomenon.

Perong!

As the high-density wind surged, everything in the alley came to mind. The bullies, of course, flew to Amy as well.

As if a typhoon had swept through it, there were no crates, no stones, not even a speck of dust left.

"Aww! Save people!"

Shirone jumped out of the zone at the sound of screams coming from the sky. When he came to his senses, he saw a desolate, empty alleyway.

After a while, people who had risen above the ceiling of the building began to scream and fall.

thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!

A heavy sound that was expected to shock just by hearing it knocked on the ground. Gravity is a much stronger force than common sense, so the limbs of the bullies who fell from their limbs were broken.

"Turn it off."

"My, my arm. my leg... ... !"

His legs were grotesquely bent, and the bones of his forearms were sticking out a span of skin. It was a scene where discarded wooden dolls were left unattended.

Shirone, who had not expected that the emotion of the moment would produce such a disastrous result, was at a loss for words.

At that time, there was the only person who landed on the floor intact, and that was Amy.

Nobles hone their bodies through systematic training from an early age. Especially if it was the first rank of the nobility, there was no need to talk about it.

Amy, who came down holding her fluttering skirt with her hand, looked at Shirone with an absurd expression.

"you... ... What is your true identity?"

The scenery Shirone created clearly showed why magicians are so terrifying. Even she, who boasts of her natural athletic ability, couldn't resist her momentary waterspike.

"Answer me! Where did you learn magic? How can a heavenly... ... !"

Amy stopped talking and looked back. Hearing her screams, people were flocking to her. If rumors spread that he hung out with bullies, there would be an uproar in the family.

"Sheesh!"

Amy put one foot on the building. She flew off the wall and pushed off the wall with her feet again before disappearing onto the roof of the building opposite her.

"uh? uh?"

Shirone, who had been following her in a zig-zag pattern, didn't know what to do when she disappeared. If people see this scene, all their sins will be overwritten. The city is a cruel place for the powerless, so no one would be on their side.

Shirone fled into the alley on the other side. He moved his two legs frantically in search of the only dad he could trust and rely on.



* * *



Karmis family.

A strong man in the kingdom who has held the position of the first rank for 200 years.

The head family is here in Creas, but the talents produced by the family are outstanding beyond the kingdom and on the continent.

Amy opened the door looking tired. Her father, Karmis Shakora, who had returned to his family home after retiring from politics, was reading her newspaper.

"I'm home."

"Where are you going? You said you skipped education again?"

Although Shakora was over 60 years old, she was young enough to have no gray hair. Tall, slender body, intelligent face. In her eyes, the pride of being the highest noble of her kingdom was young.

"I learned everything to learn. It's no fun."

"So, did you come to play with the fools? No matter how genius you are, if you play endlessly, you will catch up. Even raw stones have to be polished to become jewels. If you are not careful, the day will come when you will be stabbed in the back of the head someday."

"Ooh! His nagging."

Shakora laughed. Her arrogance is exactly the same as her mother's, but her talent is inherited in her own blood. When she knows what she has, the axis she leans on will automatically return to her place.

Because that is the destiny of genius.

Amy stopped as she entered the room. Her father's nagging reminded her of the day's events that she didn't want to think about.

'What is it, that bastard?'

Judging by the way he dressed and his frightened appearance, it was clear that he was a commoner. The possibility that non-nobility learned magic formally was less than the possibility that an ignorant person could read the theory of the king.

Then, what was the magic cast in the alleyway?

accidental occurrence? awakening of talent? No matter how much I thought about it, that was the only thing that came to my mind. Dad's words came back to me warmly.



-If you're not careful, the day will come when you'll be hit in the back of the head someday.



Amy bit her lip. It's true that the world is boring for her, but that doesn't mean she has any intention of falling behind others.

"Dad."

Shakora put down the newspaper and raised her glasses. It was unexpected that her daughter, whom she thought was an adolescent, spoke to her first.

"yes. Do you have anything to say?"

"that is... ... It's not that I want to do anything. I just have a field I'm interested in."

"Hoo?"

Shakora's eyes lit up in interest. Since she was little, she was a kid who would break a hundred if she taught one, so she would do well no matter what.

"Tell me. Dad will actively support you."

"No, not that I want to, just really interested."

"yes. If so, I will actively support your interest."

Amy smacked her lips. she knew the truth That she had nothing in the world she would not gain if it were the power and wealth of the first class.

It was nothing more than an adolescent girl's foolishness to hope for parents who would sometimes endure difficult tasks for their daughters.

"Magic."

"yes? what?"

"If you know someone at the magic school, introduce them."

=======================================
[5] Meet the Magic (5)





Shirone kept quiet about what happened in the city. Come to think of it, it wasn't a simple problem. Once he brings up the story, he has to even talk about what happened at magic school.

Shirone had guessed what a great experience the events of the day were. It may be a blessing or a misfortune, but it was clear that once he had crossed the line, he couldn't go back to the way it was before.

One of the criteria for being a genius was whether or not you knew you were a genius. Shirone also realized from an early age that she was different from others. She didn't feel particularly superior, but her desire to test the limits of her abilities was stronger than anyone else's.

I just wasn't bothered by it.

To Shirone, her parents were the most precious beings in the world. Even though they are poor, I didn't want to put a burden on people who have never forced me to take the wrong path.

The great awakening that the 12-year-old boy experienced entered the latent period waiting for an opportunity like that.

Everyday life continued as usual. In the afternoon I went to the mountains to help her mom with work and took wood.

However, most of the time spent in the mountains was meditation, not axeing. After about a month like that, the speed of entering the spirit zone became much faster.

Of course, there were some parts that weren't as easy as I thought. No matter how much I got used to the Spirit Zone, the magic I cast in the alleyway didn't activate again.

Shirone soon realized the reason.

It was magic that succeeded unintentionally and unconsciously. When you become conscious of success, imitation is impossible. It was the same principle that your hands would become stiff if you were conscious of the sheet music you played without thinking.

In order to restore his senses, he had no choice but to retrace the intermediate process step by step, which he skipped through insight, but it was impossible for him, who had not learned magic, to examine the process.

Shirone quickly gave up on things she couldn't get, and instead dug into the Spirit Zone tenaciously.

Magic researchers were limited to simply practicing magic. He concluded for himself that mental endurance that does not waver under any circumstances is important.

After 5 hours of meditation, Shirone took an ax and tried to thunder. Unlike the beginning, when I started to be conscious of thunderstorm, the success rate dropped. However, chopping wood was different from magic, so he was able to recall the process as much as he wanted.

Shirone corrected the errors one by one and swung the axe.

After hitting hundreds of times, the thunder attack was successful.

What a bummer!

The tree fell over merrily.

But there was no excitement whatsoever. He just found and corrected one error.

"Tomorrow and again tomorrow."

So go through the basics. for an opportunity to come someday.

Shirone's eyes were shining more intensely than usual as he carried the tree and returned home.

Opportunities worth more than life (1)





Fallen leaves were blown endlessly by the wind.

Shirone stood by the window, wearing a sable shawl, looking at the late autumn mountain scene.

Four years have passed and Shirone has grown into a 16-year-old boy. Although she still looked young, her face was so beautiful that anyone, regardless of gender or age, could turn their attention to it.

"I'll be back, Mom."

"Do your best and come in. We have enough firewood now."

"It is winter soon. We have to prepare in advance."

As I packed my gear and left the cabin, the chill took my breath away. Because the seasons come earlier in the mountains than in the cities, snow was already piled up on the summit.

"I must walk diligently to return before sunset."

Since she was a Shirone who trained her spirit in the Spirit Zone for four years, she was not afraid of any danger unlike before. Thanks to this, the shyness disappeared and he often hung out with the children of mountain hunters.

But I never had a friend with whom I could be completely open.

The children of mountaineers were different from Shirone, and had rough and straightforward personalities. even girls.

In such a group, Shirone was the ugly duckling.

The children envy Shirone, who has an intellect, but sometimes openly show hostility.

A year ago, a woman named Hauran from the slash-and-burn village had flirted with Shirone. She was 6 years her senior and called Shirone out saying she had something to say and tried to make physical advances to her.

However, when Shirone firmly refused, he suddenly changed his mind and threatened to disrupt the family if he flirted with him one more time, saying that a lowly man like you was not his taste.

Shirone burst out laughing as he recalled that time.

In my young mind, I remembered how I suffered for days, fearing that she would really come to visit me.

'Is everyone doing well?'

Arriving at the logging area, Shirone found a suitable tree and lightly hammered the axe, carefully examining the grooved marks.

But his eyes weren't looking at anything. Through his many years of experience, he has learned that the weak points of trees are not something that can be seen with the naked eye.

When you repeat the same action or thought, there are cases where you automatically realize the principle, which is called a routine. Representatively, there was a case where the complex concept of the four arithmetic operations was automatically understood.

Shirone tried throwing an ax in various ways for 4 years, and in the process perfected his sense of thunder.

Sensing something, Shirone picked up the ax again and cut a groove in the tree with moderate force. A thunderclap erupted and the tree fell. Success with two ax strokes. Although she was on the lucky side, she was a Shirone who succeeds in thundering once out of ten anyway.

Sitting on a fallen tree, Shirone entered the Spirit Zone. The current shape of the Spirit Zone is a sphere with a diameter of approximately 40 meters. This was the level of entering the top class even at the magic school where talented people gathered.

Shirone felt the world beneath her feet. I could feel the shaking of the bush as if I had assimilated with the earth. I could hear earthworms wriggling in the ground and tree roots sucking up moisture.

Nature is constantly changing. If you were to appreciate that dynamic world, the 5 hours was nothing more than an instant.

"uh? It's already dark."

After meditating, Shirone split the fallen tree into pieces and carried it on her back.

Arriving at the cabin, Shirone found a luxurious carriage standing there, which is not usually seen. Looking around the stable, I saw two white horses licking their fodder.

"I'm home."

I opened the door and greeted him, but there was no welcoming voice. The atmosphere was strange. Her mother's face was dark and in her living room an old man she had never seen before sat at her table talking to her father.

"uh? Is Daddy here?"

"Are you in Shirone?"

It was a quick return for having entered the city at dawn. Besides, at other times he would have rushed over and kissed her, but now he solemnly maintained his seat.

"Greetings, Shirone. He is the sub-butler of the Ogent family."

"Nice to meet you. It is Temuran."

"Nice to meet you. My name is Shirone."

Shirone bowed politely. Even Shirone, who lived in the valley, knew the Ogent family. A second-class aristocrat based in Creas, he was a samurai who produced numerous warriors.

"I came to see you."

Temuran smelled peculiar to nobility. However, he was not an aristocrat.

The hierarchical structure of the kingdom is simple with nobles and commoners, but there are various hierarchies apart from political divisions.

Among them, it was no exaggeration to say that the ranks of the commoners were determined by the nobility.

A blacksmith who makes a noble's sword is respected. Merchants who set up shops in noble districts also had powerful authority.

Then what about the mountaineers? He has no connections with the aristocracy and doesn't even live in the city.

Therefore, mountaineers are called the common people and treated with contempt.

On the other hand, Temuran could be said to be the best among the commoners because it was a job that assisted the nobles right next to them.

Shirone did not know why such a person would come to such a mountain valley to find himself.

"I'll see you soon."

Temuran groped Shirone's body, examining her appearance, skeleton, and eyes. It was like grading livestock.

"They say you can read."

"Yes. I read little by little from a young age."

Temuran was lost in thought without giving any explanation. Then, Shirone's patience reached its limit.

"I want to know what is going on. Could you please tell me?"

Temuran's eyes turned fierce.

"Your reputation is quite good. Even though he is the son of a mountaineer, he knows how to read, and, moreover, he is so filial?"

Temuran had the ability to make praise sound like mockery. It was as if you were wondering how deep your filial piety must be.

Shirone hated people who disparaged other people's families the most. I couldn't stand it and was about to reply, but unbelievable words came out of Temuran's mouth.

"Hey, don't you want to work for the Ogent family?"

A bolt of lightning struck Shirone's head. Working for a second-class aristocratic family was tantamount to a rise in status from the lowest to the highest.

"What are you going to do?"

"This time, the main house is working on relocating the Great Library. It's something you can't entrust to just anyone. Among the 10,000 books, there are some that shouldn't be leaked. The porters will do the hard work, but the sorting will be done just you and me. It will take about two years."

library!

Shirone's heart almost burst. I knew that the more attractive the offer, the more likely the poison was hidden, but I wanted to drink any poison right now.

Temuran told her what poison Shirone should drink. He was the pride of a butler who would not cheat against the common people.

"The only people who know this are you and your family. If for any reason the books are leaked or rumored to have been leaked, you and your family are dead."

Shirone realized why her parents' expressions were dark. Even if she doesn't speak up, she doesn't know what will happen in two years. It was like giving her life to someone else.

Still, the reason why I couldn't refuse the offer is probably... ... .

"As it is a life-threatening task, I will pay enough money. That's way more money than your father makes hunting. Thanks to having children well, the family is also taking care of themselves."

Vincent jumped up with a red face.

"I didn't listen to you because of the money! I am our Shirone... ... Shirone!"

Vincent was speechless with sadness. He was an ugly father who hadn't done anything up until now. The chance he left behind was risking his son's life.

"... ... I just want to be able to make my dream come true."

Temuran snorted as if it were ridiculous.

"What are you thinking right now? Are you thinking of getting ahead by falling flattery? Then wake up the dream To be clear, it's hiring. You are the one who asked me to use my son. If it wasn't for the money, there would be no reason to do that."

"You said you could read books!"

"Of course I can read books. But I'm not saying read it, I mean it's impossible to keep an eye on it perfectly. That's why I said I would cut my throat if it leaked. It's like a minimum safety device."

Vincent bit his molar. When he entered the city to sell his goods, he heard that the butler of an aristocratic family was looking for a commoner who could read. Seeing this as a lucky chance, he ran to Temuran and begged him to use Shirone.

But it would come out like this.

What I was most afraid of was the wounds my son would receive. Could it be that he sold his children because he was blinded by money?

If so, just imagining it was terrifying.

"get out. I don't need a penny of money. If I had known this was going to happen, I wouldn't have ejaculated. So get out of this house right now!"

"Dad, I will."

"Shirone!"

Temuran looked back at Shirone with a surprised expression. It's something he has to risk his life for. Even though it would be a huge burden for a 16-year-old boy, and even a child of low birth, to bear, Shirone didn't look afraid at all.

"Are you really okay? I'm not trying to scare you. To be clear, if you spread even the slightest rumor, your head will be cut off."

"Yes, I will. I will never leak it, and even if rumors spread for some reason, I won't resent it. Please let me do it."

If he said that, even Temuran deserved to be trusted. All conditions were perfect. He was a natural born man who could kill at any time, and he had a deep filial piety and was also equipped with cleverness.

Feeling rewarded with his footsteps, Temuran turned around.

"Come pick me up in a week. If you change your mind in the meantime, you can always decline. However, keep in mind that once you enter the mansion, you cannot leave until the job is done."

Temuran opened the door alone and left as if he did not want anyone to see him off. However, his family was in no mood to tease him to take care of him.

=======================================
[6] Opportunities worth more than life (2)





Vincent shouted as he grabbed Shirone by the shoulder.

"Shirone! Why did you allow it? This is really dangerous! No, it's my responsibility! It's because this father is ignorant! So let's say no!"

"It's okay, Dad. All you have to do is not leak it."

"It's not that simple. How can there be secrets in what people do? No matter how you think about it, it was crazy! This father takes responsibility and refuses!"

Shirone smiled and shook his head slowly. I met really good parents.

"Thank you, Father."

Vincent's face darkened. It was the first time that Shirone called him father. But even more surprising than that was the fact that Shirone was shedding tears.

"Shirone... ... ."

Shirone opened her arms wide. And he said with a big smile that matched the size of the ecstasy.

"My father gave me the greatest gift in the world."

"Huh!"

Vincent lost face and burst into tears. Had he ever seen his son's tears in his life? No, had he ever seen such a face full of joy?

"Don't worry, Shirone! Abby will protect you no matter what! Don't worry about anything and work hard! I will definitely protect you!"

"Dad, I will work hard."

"Yes, my son! My treasure!"

Vincent hugged Shirone and kissed her on the cheek. In her rich man's touching embrace, her mother, Olina, stole happy tears.



A week later.

The rank butlers of the Ogent family came to pick up Shirone. It was said that it would take more than two years to organize 10,000 books, but Shirone, who had lived a simple life, only had a backpack at most.

Temuran promised 20 gold a month for taking Shirone. His family's monthly living expenses were 4 gold, so it was a huge amount.

When you come back, will this house be a little luxurious? She knew that her parents weren't like that, but Shirone tried to get rid of her regrets by imagining them happily.

From the moment you get on the carriage, the contract takes effect.

The regular butlers proceeded with the contract in a flash, and Vincent, who was distracted, had to ride Shirone in the carriage without fully sharing the degree of farewell.

Waiting in the carriage, Shirone was calm. She didn't express it to her parents, but it was important for her to keep her head cool rather than emotional from now on.

When I closed my eyes and entered the zone, my parents, waiting for departure while wiping away tears, came through synesthesia. Shirone moved her thoughts as if touching their hearts.

A warm feeling crept into the hearts of Vincent and Olina. It wasn't something that could be called magic, but it was clear that Shirone's whole heart had been touched.

When the carriage rattled, Shirone bounced out of the spirit zone. But the eyes were still closed.

Entering the Ogent family was a double-edged sword that could be both a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and a worst-case scenario.

Can you survive two years among powerful people?

Leaving herself in an unknown future, Shirone fell back into the Spirit Zone.



* * *



The Ogent family was a renowned samurai family that produced nationally certified third-class swordsmen, a general level. In addition, the head of the household, August Bischoff, was a nationally certified 4th-class swordsman and served as the military commander of Creas City.

Arriving at the Ogent family, Shirone was overwhelmed by the expansive scenery beyond the front gate.

A huge road ran through the entire site. The road that penetrated the overwhelming size of the mansion, passed through the arch, and exited through the back door, extended far beyond what could be seen with the naked eye.

'This is the great job tool of the Ogent family that I've only heard about.'

The large-scale sword that divided the site into two without any roughness was a symbol of the exhilarating temperament of the Ogent family.

The butler in his early twenties laughed at Shirone.

"Hehe, are you scared? No need to be surprised already. Because the family members are more monsters."

"Be careful with your words. Do you want to run away?"

The elderly butler cautioned. However, there was no intention of belittling, so he stopped the questioning and entered the main gate with Shirone.

Daejikdo was not a path for butlers. Shirone took a detour around the mansion along the garden path built beside the road.

The place where the butlers stayed was a four-story circular building. When I went up to the office, sub-butler Temuran was watching the work.

"Are you here? I will explain the work, so please follow me."

"Yes, I will do my best."

Temuran went to the library without even being greeted.

The iron door of the library opened with an old sound, revealing a space full of books. There were only books on the second, third, and fourth floors.

Shirone clenched her fists as she sucked in the smell of old paper. That much was worth risking her life.

"We will move the books here to the new library. All you have to do is classify the books. I'll give you a list every week, so you can find the books and put them together. Work is from 9am to 6pm. After that it's free time. You cannot go outside, and you must not enter the mansion without special instructions. The butler rules will be taught by the level butler. Do you understand?"

"Yes. When can we start?"

"From tomorrow. Unpack and rest today. In the meantime, familiarize yourself with the butler rules."

The next day, Shirone went to work at the library. When he started working on it, he realized why he had to do it alone.

The document given by Temuran had hundreds of titles written on it, but the classification criteria were up to one's mind.

For example, it was unclear whether the book 'The History of Swordsmanship' should be classified as a history book or a swordsmanship book.

Although Temuran laid down the basic system, arbitrary judgment was often required to divide the 10,000 books.

Shirone decided to prioritize. Since history is comprehensive and swordsmanship is specialized, the history of swordsmanship is classified as swordsmanship. It took two weeks just to set the standard in this way.

But even this work was beneficial to Shirone.

What I realized in the process of creating a classification system is that all knowledge is connected. Music and mathematics, chemistry and spirit, and art and science were not different.  

After the classification system was established, the work gained momentum. When I was able to meet the target amount within the time, I turned my attention to study.

Knowledge is the biggest criterion that separates nobles from commoners. The knowledge gained here would be of great help in the future.

Shirone decided to use her time efficiently. There are ten thousand books in front of his eyes. Even if he had two years, it was impossible for him to read all the books.

'Where do I start? Can't I just read random things?'

A good idea came to Shirone, and he hit his knee. Since all knowledge is connected, he could reinforce other knowledge later as long as he delved into one discipline.

"Then, which field should I dig into?"

The corners of Shirone's mouth went up as he repeated his thoughts.

"You just have to study history."

If human life is history, knowledge has also developed along with history. Learning history first was like building a creature's backbone.

Shirone drew the horizon of history in her head. If the lines were enlarged, all the knowledge of mankind, including religion, science, magic, mythology, literature, art, politics, war, and economy, would be contained in chronological order.

"If you learn history, you can always reinforce other knowledge. No, it is possible to combine much faster. History is the backbone of knowledge."

About 850 historical books are stored in the Great Library. Shirone made up his mind. Read all of these 850 books in two years. It is to build the backbone of knowledge!



From that day on, Shirone read a book without going back to the dorm even after the workday was over.

He missed roll call in the name of working overtime, but no one cared about Shirone, who was a temporary worker, except for Temuran.

To be honest, reading history books was hard work. Growing up in the mountains for 16 years, he could not be reminded of the names and characters of continents he had never heard of, and the events intertwined there.

I thought about memorizing the whole thing, but I shook my head. Memorization is written in the head, but understanding is written in the heart. Understanding and passing on even one line of events was the royal road to building the backbone of knowledge.

Even so, understanding history was hard work.

It did not end with an incident, but I had to carefully examine why this incident had to happen and what kind of incident this incident would affect in the future.

Efficiency dropped remarkably, and it reached the point where I couldn't read a book even after a week. He had frequent days of sleeping in the library, and most of the time he collapsed as if fainting.

4 a.m.

The iron door opened, and Temuran entered with a crystal lamp. Shirone didn't notice, but Temuran came in at this time every day to watch over Shirone.

I looked at the book Shirone had dropped while reading. Even though the content is not very difficult, the book has not changed for 15 days.

Temuran snorted. If he frantically studied practical books, he thought of prohibiting entry outside of working hours.

But now that I see it, it's completely insane. Just because he knew how to read, he was an idiot who dreamed of wild dreams.

"So it is. What kind of success will you try?"

Temuran turned around with a more relaxed mind. In order to succeed in studies, luck is required, but his head must be supported. Shirone, who only dreamed grandiosely, thought that she had already failed.



* * *



It's been three months since I started working on the library.

As I got used to sorting, the distribution of time became more relaxed, and I learned many things through the butlers.

Among them, the most shocking fact was that the nobles did not care whether the books were leaked or not.

Anyway, the family's secrets were passed down only to the brink, and the nobles, who had so many things to do in the world, didn't even care how many books disappeared.

But that didn't make Shirone any less dangerous. The generosity of the nobility is founded on the loyalty of the naive commoners. The butlers could be ruthless enough to not tolerate a single mistake.

The fact that what is insignificant for aristocrats is a matter of risking one's life for a commoner, Shirone felt firsthand how far apart the way of thinking of the two classes was.

Around the time the sun rose in mid-sky, the library door suddenly opened, and the boy's voice, which he heard for the first time, broke the silence.

"Whoa, damn old man. If you take a break on a day like today, where does it get worse?"

Shirone blinked at the uninvited guest.

It was August Lian, the youngest son of the family head. He was a boy with thick facial lines, befitting his bloodline, and even though he was the same age as him, he was one head taller than Shirone.

Loud shouts were heard outside the library.

"Lian! Dare you run away? If caught, add a hundred laps to the garden!"

"Ahh! Shit!"

Lian ran between the bookshelves restlessly and found Shirone. Without even giving him a chance to react, he came running and shook Shirone and shouted.

"Hey! don't say i'm here Understand?"

As soon as he spoke, Lian hid under a bookshelf. At the same time, the door opened and the old man's business shook the library.

"Riaan! I know what's hiding here!"

He was a gray-haired old man, but his shoulders were broad and he was as tall as a giant. He had grown a white beard to the pit of his stomach and walked toward Shirone with an ugly glow in his eyes.

"you! A guy with blue hair and the size of a peanut came in here, right?"

Shirone wondered if he knew such a person. The blue-haired boy knows, but if it's only peanuts, how does he see himself in the old man's eyes?

"Judging from the way he looks, he looks like the youngest boy. Excuse me, but who are you?"

Shirone intended to use her family's authority to gain time. However, the old warrior who commanded the battlefield for decades penetrated Shirone's psychology.

"I'm a swordsman! A teacher who can knock those peanuts! It would be better to speak quickly and not make noise. If you don't want to get beaten up first."

Shirone licked his lips. For those who longed for learning, a teacher was like heaven. In particular, the butler's puns were not suitable for someone teaching under the command of the head of the family.

"Ah, that's right. If it's the young boy, he's hiding under the bookshelf over there."

"Hey! Are you crazy? Wanna die?"

Lian frowned and crawled out. Then, when she found the swordsman who had approached right in front of her eyes, she trembled like an aspen tree.

"Master, this is Ohah!"

"Inooum!"

The swordsman master grabbed Lian by the collar and slapped him on the ground.

The moment Lian's body fell in an arc, Shirone closed one eye. Lian, who had spread to the floor with a tremendous sound, snapped her limbs.

"Follow me, Inum's Shiki. You are training, and you have to arm your mind again."

Lian, who was being dragged by his legs while being held, tilted his head and faced Shirone. And she snorted something.

Even though his voice did not come out and he communicated only through the form of his mouth, Shirone could hear his voice clearly.

you are dead

=======================================
[7] Opportunities worth more than life (3)





Since that day, the back of Shirone's head has been itching. Because you never know when Lian will come to retaliate.

But he didn't show up. Rumor has it that he was captured by a swordsman and taken to the mountains.

It was only after a month had passed that I was able to let go. Emotions are volatile, so after a while, even big things feel like they're not a big deal. Even if he returned, he wouldn't be as angry as before.

With a relieved heart, Shirone read the history of the founding of her homeland, the kingdom of Tormia.

The number of books read in four months was 82. It's not a huge number, but considering it took 20 days to release the first volume, it was a remarkable growth.

In recent years, Shirone's reading volume has increased exponentially, taking an average of only 20 seconds to read a page.

 It took me 1 minute for the unknown part, but it took less than 10 seconds for the known part.

It was a natural phenomenon that occurred when studying one field intensively. The writer who wrote the book is also knowledge gained through other books, so there is no completely new content in any book.

It seemed that if the 200th volume, which is the turning point to realize the overall content, was passed, the remaining 650 volumes would be able to be read at an incomparable speed.

Shirone's favorite part of the history book was the magician's performance. If scholars were the ones who studied theories, sorcerers were the ones who made those theories a reality.

So the wizard's job is as diverse as the type of study. On the other hand, scholars who could not enter the Spirit Zone could not become wizards, so wizards were a very high-class manpower.

Vast knowledge and keen senses.

These two things were essential conditions for a wizard to have. Shirone, who had already mastered the Spirit Zone, was more immersed in filling up his knowledge.

I suppressed the curiosity of trivial studies and only studied history. It was for the infinite efficiency that could be obtained later when the backbone of knowledge was completed.

What kind of wizard will he be when his efficiency finally shines?

It was a waste of time to even sleep if I imagined that.

After reading the last page of the history of the country, Shirone was about to close the book with a satisfied face when she heard the door open violently.

"You child! I endured in hell waiting for today to come!"

According to the person concerned, it was the Ogentrian who had returned from Hell. His miasma rose, and his face looked like the devil incarnate.

Shirone stuck out his tongue at his persistence. Although he didn't know it, the same anger as when he was taken away by the swordsmanship instructor was being conveyed.

 What has changed is that the area under the eyes is puffy and the body is thinner.

"you! How dare you tell me where I'm hiding?"

"Are you really here for that?"

"of course. Do you know how much trouble I've been through? Climbed up and down the cliff countless times. Every time I thought I was going to die because my hands were weak, I held on with the thought of revenge!"

Shirone started to get anxious. If he grew hatred day by day, his own reflection in his eyes would be more hateful than his enemies.

"Are you not answering? You ask me why I told you, you coward!"

"I wasn't telling the truth, I was just telling the truth."

"haha! did you tell the truth? Then, should I tell the butler the truth about what you did? Then your life is over! Know?"

Shirone gave up on persuasion. He had keenly felt how different the ways of thinking of nobles and commoners were. It was best not to make things bigger.

"If there is a sin, I will accept it sweetly. What should I do?"

Lian was a little taken aback. At first glance, he seemed like a regular butler who had just joined the family, but his actions were so nonchalant.

"Now even the butler is ignoring me, right? great. I'll make you feel the same pain I've been through. Follow."

Shirone followed Lian as if he were being dragged away. It seemed that he was going to take him to a dark place and beat him to death. His heart skipped a beat as he recalled what he had suffered by bullies four years ago.

'Still, it's better than dying. If you hit, do as you hit, if you roll, do as you roll.'

I couldn't blow away the opportunity my parents risked their lives to create. Every time the fear came over me, I thought of home. I imagined the sight of my father and mother enjoying a meal.

The place Lian took was a small gymnasium. As a family that revere martial arts, there were several large and small gymnasiums in the mansion. The place they arrived at now was Lian's private gymnasium, a place where no one would come running even if they shouted.

Shirone swallowed and waited while Lian lit the torch. I wish I had started sooner, but my stomach went up and down as I took the time. Maybe it's on purpose. Anyone who practiced swords would know the tension of the confrontation.

"Now, take this."

As the gymnasium lit up, Lian threw a wooden sword. The wooden sword stuck to Shirone's palm with a crackling sound. The handle of the wooden sword I was holding for the first time was thicker than the handle of the axe.

"Why do you do this to me?"

"Then did you think I would beat you unilaterally? I'm not cowardly like you. Because he will become the best swordsman in the world in the future. I became stronger because of you, so all I can do is give it back to you. Isn't that fair?"

Shirone was not amused. He said that fighting someone who had trained in radish since birth was no different from saying that he would just be beaten.

"What was I so cowardly about?"

"I hate guys like you the most. People like you, who don't even worry about it when they're in trouble and tell the truth. A wooden sword bath is perfect for such a guy. Come on. Considering the difference in skill, I'll accept it three times and start."

As she aimed her sword at Shirone, Lian's eyes changed. Her personality was strange, but her eyes were clearly from the Ogent family.

Perhaps reacting to her fighting spirit, Shirone was holding the wooden sword with both hands before she knew it. The wooden sword, which felt hard to the touch, seemed to be able to lightly sever human bones.

In other words, it meant that his bones would be broken after the three chances offered by Lian were over. All kinds of thoughts ran through his head. He becomes unable to work. He becomes unable to read books. His parents are looking at their son who has returned from being an asshole.

'What do we do? What can I do?'

Shirone made up her mind. He has no choice but to wield it. Giving up on the odds was as foolish as throwing one's future in the trash.

"Yaaaaap!"

Shirone raised her sword above her head and charged. His spirit was extraordinary, but Lian snorted at him. His posture and his center of gravity were out of whack. It was clear that he had never even held a sword.

Lian shouted while blocking Shirone's sword.

"one!"

right! A cheerful sound spread through the gymnasium. But to Shirone, it sounded like the footsteps of a lion choking her. She let out the fear in her stomach and tried to cut it horizontally.

"two!"

Hearing Lian's boisterous voice, Shirone's stomach churned. Would it be that much fun to play with far-flung sewage? She bit her lip and gave it her all at the last chance.

As the wooden sword fell through the wind, the corner of Lian's mouth went up. Vertical cut, horizontal cut, vertical cut. It was a simple pattern to the point of being ignorant even though it was a beginner.

Lian stood by with a wooden sword in a blocking position. And he took a step and shouted.

"Okay, this is the last one! Now it's my turn... ... !"

Kwaji support!

At that moment, the center of the wooden sword Lian was holding exploded. It was broken rather than broken. At the same time, Shirone's wooden sword was also smashed in the middle.

Small fragments grazed Lian's face, stained with astonishment. Hurrying to his senses, he took a step back. Examining his wooden sword, the grain of the cross section stood up roughly. His shock had not escaped and he had turned inside out.

'This... ... Aren't you a swordsman?'

Weapon-destroying swordsmanship.

Just as there is no swordsmanship without cutting, every school had at least one weapon destruction ceremony. The Ogent family calls this swordsmanship and only transmits the skill right before.

The reason why the grandiose label of Ohui is attached is that it is not just a skill that can be said to be strong.

In human-to-human confrontation, the absorption of power is varied as much as the weighting of power. Therefore, in order to succeed in swordsmanship, the concentration of the momentary impact, that is, a special movement and mental state aimed only at the sword, not a person, were required.

It was a shock to Lian. Even the one who had been holding a sword since birth, he had never succeeded in swordsmanship against a human.

But what made her feel worse than that was that she was the only person in her family who hadn't mastered swordsmanship yet.

"What are you? Where did you learn swordsmanship?"

Shirone dropped the wooden sword with only the handle remaining. To be honest, it was like a gamble.

I felt the sensation with the first blow, and calculated the timing with the second. And he tried on the third.

The thunderstorm that I practiced countless times for four years.

"I never learned swordsmanship."

"shut up! A child who is mean to the bone! Then how did you succeed in swordsmanship? If you are mocking me, I will kill you right now!"

"This is called thunderclap."

"Thunderclap?"

"My father is a hunter. Living in the mountains, I also went to the woods from a young age. I had to technically beat a tree because I was not big, so it was a skill that I learned naturally. Among the woodcutters, this is called thunderclap."

Lian's mind was in a jumbled mess. Mountaineer? He said he went for wood? What the hell are you talking about? I've held the sword for 16 years. It's not a skill that can be said to be firewood. Even among my peers, there is not a single one who has succeeded in swordsmanship. If there is, at least... ... .

Lian remembered a person's face.

'Ogent rye.'

He was the second son of the Ogent family, two years older than Lian. He was also a sword prodigy, regarded as one of the greatest talents in family history.

Lian clenched his fists until they broke. A vision of his brother appeared and he seemed to be laughing at himself.

Rai made his first successful swordsmanship at the young age of 12. He was the family sergeant, and his father threw a big party for a week.

Lian clearly remembered the emotions of that day. And today, in the end, even the son of a mountaineer caught up with him.

"I can't admit it!"

Lian blew away Rai's illusion with a blow. she really tried He once swung his sword a thousand times.

But why does he work and not himself?

"Bocchan, the reason I committed disrespect... ... ."

"shut up! Nothing is done yet! No one loses! I am Augustrian!"

Lian turned and walked to the outside of the gymnasium. From there, he drew a luxurious long sword used by nobles and returned with it.

Seeing the real sword, Shirone was frightened. As he pulled his longsword, the sword came out with the sound of water.

The blade that absorbed the torch was blazing like lava. Lian, who checked the blade's condition, threw the blade back into the scabbard and threw it at Shirone.

Shirone took a step forward and took it with both hands. He looked at him as if he couldn't understand why he was giving him the sword, and Lian extended his finger and said,

"Both of them have no weapons, so it's impossible to decide the outcome. If you've mastered swordsmanship, you should be treated accordingly. A month from now, let's compete here with a real sword."

Shirone collapsed. It was a plan to try to survive somehow, but the situation was getting worse. The feeling of accepting a wooden sword and a real sword is different. Besides, Lian wouldn't even give him three more chances.

You can die. Shirone felt the fear of death for the first time. The faces of the grieving parents came to mind. She regretted not being able to fulfill her dreams at such a young age.

"Brother, please change your mind! I never learned swordsmanship!"

"So I am giving it time. You learned how to use a sword while cutting wood? I don't even believe it, but even if he's that good, he'll be able to do something within a month."

Lian didn't think his words were far-fetched. If it's Rai, it's possible. He was seeing a vision of his older brother in Shirone. Yes, it was lack of determination. If it was a real sword, if it was a life-and-death situation, it might not make a big difference.

"Don't even think about running away. Aside from my personal history, I can't forgive someone like you."

Lian's last words hit Shirone's foot like a nail.

=======================================
[8] Opportunities worth more than life (4)





the next morning.

Shirone looked tired and headed to the library. He had not slept a wink because of the work of the night before.

My mind was disturbed, so the classification process did not speed up. Thinking that she shouldn't be like this, Shirone struggled to regain her cool.

Being afraid doesn't solve the problem. I had to make preparations somehow for a month.

First of all, it was a survey.

The family head Bischoff had three sons and one daughter. The eldest son was a certified 6th grade swordsman, and the second son, Rai, was a swordsman genius who had no doubt that he would follow his older brother sooner or later.

Lian's older sister also had the same talent as Ogent, but gave up the sword because she was a woman and was currently working as a pianist in the royal palace.

After examining them one by one, Lian was the only one who failed to stand out. The head of household even assigned a dedicated teacher, but only reports came up that he was not good at it.

"Ha, you did something stupid. You'll just hit whatever you hit."

Since Lian had been compared to his siblings all his life, it was natural for him to be furious at Shirone's thunderous behavior. It seemed that not all nobles were outstanding.

"What now? It's really a big deal."

When the situation was over, I was disturbed again. Under the desk, the real sword that Lian had thrown was left unattended.

After staring at it for a long time, Shirone jumped up and headed to the study as if she had finally made up her mind.

It was good to be prepared whether or not to fight. Living in the mountains, he is confident in his physical strength, so if he knows how to defend himself, he might be able to save his life.

For the time being, the history books have been sealed. Instead, he took all the books related to swordsmanship.

While there were technical books such as 'The Handbook of Swordsmanship', there were also philosophical books such as 'What is a sword?' and 'Only humans fear swords'. There were also practical books such as 'Let's win with bluff' and 'Those who survive are strong'.

Shirone opened a book titled 'Swordsmanship' with a simple and clear title. It contained the history of the beginning of the sword and the overall content of swordsmanship.

Even Shirone, an aspiring wizard, was interested in seeing it. If a magician has a spirit zone, a swordsman has a schema.

A schema is a virtual body and a diagram of the human body. All human beings have their own body image, and it was a drawing that embodied it to the extreme.

Schema adherents are said to be able to participate even in the functioning of a single cell because they perfectly understand their body.

After reading this far, Shirone realized that the schema is the symmetrical form of the Spirit Zone.

Wizards erased me and assimilated into the world, but swordsmen were more persistent in digging into my existence.

Shirone tried the experiment himself.

While feeling the action of the brain entering the spirit zone, I imagined a virtual self in my head.

It's been easy so far.

But the virtual body was dark like a shadow, so I couldn't look inside.

'If you remove all these dark curtains, you become a schema. It's really amazing.'

Shirone picked up the book again. It was written that the way to learn the schema is different for each family, and the part that focuses on strengthening is also different.

While there are families that acquire schema through mental training, there are also families that use methods that push the body to the limit.

Some families used the schema to improve muscle strength, others speed, and some families strengthened the nervous system.

Shirone remembered the red-haired girl he had met in an alley four years ago. At the time she was in no hurry to run away, but when she came back and thought about it, she realized that her movements were not human.

'That child has mastered the schema. He was about the same age as me. It's a really great talent.'

It was not the time to admire. Shirone closed the book and was lost in his thoughts. Even Lian wouldn't have mastered the schema anyway. Even so, he had a part where he got stuck when he tried.

Just as Spirit Zone is not magic, schema is not swordsmanship either. Just as knowledge was important to a wizard, a strong body was essential to a swordsman. This is because if the body is not supported, the range of reinforcement is bound to be narrow even if the schema is used.

"I already have a spirit zone. Rather than learning conflicting concepts, it would be quicker to find a solution in the direction of swordsmanship."

I need to find something that can save my life within a month.

Shirone took out her beginner's swordsmanship manual and turned over the first page. He suddenly decided to study swordsmanship, but since his life was at stake, his concentration was higher than ever.



* * *



"Aww! Aaaaaa!"

There was a lot of dust in the great gymnasium. It was the fumes caused by Lian's legs. My heart feels like it's about to explode. The air didn't come in, so things in the stomach were regurgitated.

"Wow! Whoa!"

What I ate at lunch came down my esophagus. When Lian vomited, she let it go. All he cared about was his two legs.

"One hundred rounds! Pass!"

Swordsman Instructor Kite shouted loudly. Lian's appearance, which has changed today, couldn't look so pretty.

"Record shortening! But what is it? Have you been through all the training?"

"Shit! What kind of training is this!"

"What man?"

Kite raised his bewildered eyes. She tried to compliment me for the first time in a while, but she complained that she couldn't change my mannerisms.

But today's grumbling was different from other times.

"You are still standing like this! Master, is there anything stronger?"

"Hoo?"

Kite was quite surprised. It had been a long time since Lian had been so on fire. It seemed like the first time since she knelt before the genius of O'Zentrai two years ago.

"you... ... What happened?"

Lian raised her head with both hands on her knees, sweat pouring out.

"No, nothing like that."

Kite didn't believe it. There must have been someone's vision flickering in the eyes of the disciple staring terrifyingly forward.

'Is it Rai again?'

No matter how much I thought about it, the only person who could make Lian like this was the second son of the family. Had he done something again? But what? Didn't Rai already master the schema?

It didn't matter anyway. Because his apprentice is Lian, not Rai. And now the disciple was in a situation where he was sticking out his neck to cook himself.

"good! Let's die properly today! Even if I die, I cannot take responsibility!"

"As much as you like!"

Lian hit the bar twice as heavy as the longsword in succession. If he couldn't realize the schema with his insight, it was the only way to force him to find it by driving his body to the limit.

"Taha! Taha! Taha!"

Kite watched with satisfaction as Lian repeated vertical cuts. But as time passed, her expression hardened. Finally realizing, he opened his eyes wide and ran away.

"You madman! stop! Then the muscles burst!"

"It hasn't exploded yet!"

Kite stopped running and looked at his pupil. Tears flowed from Lian's eyes as she gritted her teeth and brandished her baton.

"Damn it! Why aren't my muscles bursting! Why can't my arm be cut off! I can do more! This is not the end! I'm not done yet!"

Tears welled up in Kite's eyes. She was as resentful a teacher as a disciple. Why not? You push your body to the limits of its limits, so why can't you open the schema?

Kite wiped away the tears with his thick arms. she shouldn't be like this If her master becomes suspicious, what will her disciple Lian do?

Kite caught Lian's iron rod cutting through the air with his palm. When he hit his master's hand, even this time, Lian couldn't be stubborn and stopped moving.

"Lian, this is enough. Let's stop today."

The warm voice made Lian's madness disappear. The feeling in his arm had long since disappeared. Not even knowing that the club had fallen to the ground, Lian lowered his head and said,

"thank you."



Kite placed an ice towel on Lian's shoulder. Seeing that his bones were not damaged, it was undeniable that he was born with strong bones.

Lian was sitting on the hill at the gymnasium, staring at the distant mountains. After her treatment, Kite sat down next to her.

"What are you thinking?"

"My arm hurts and I think I'm going to die."

A smile formed on Kite's lips.

"Lian. I never once wrote about your talent in the report to the family head."

"Sheesh, who said what?"

"But I think I have talent. Talent isn't just about achieving something quickly. Even if you can't achieve it, you will be able to take a look at it. That, too, can be called a talent."

"You don't need to comfort me. It's just nice to talk about it, but to be honest, you're trying to die because you don't have talent."

"Is it really so? A genius knows he is a genius. So he clearly realizes what he can do. Have you ever thought of that?"

"well. I know very well what I can't do."

"yes. So you are not a genius."

Lian looked back at Kite with a puzzled expression. He wasn't pouring oil on a burning house, he was a teacher who made his arms sore to the point of death.

"Please stop it. Because I know enough."

Kite smiled as Lian pursed his lips.

"But, Lian. Do you know what a genius fears most? That's effort. Because trying means you don't have it. Are you trying because you have no talent? You're welcome. The only people in the world who can make an effort are those who make an effort."

Kite grabbed Lian's shoulder and gently pushed him into it.

"Geniuses fear you. Because you have the power to get what you don't have. Those who try are the natural enemies of genius."

nemesis of genius.

Lian liked this. It doesn't matter if it's a word of comfort to a poor disciple. Yeah, I just couldn't have it. If you didn't have it in the first place, you just have to get it like tenacity.

Lian clenched his fists. He was going to give it his all for the rest of the month.



* * *



Shirone clearly knew what he was capable of.

Seeking a different way without even holding on to the schema also showed that he had the exact opposite tendency to Lian's.

Nevertheless, talent promotes the shortest distance to the destination most efficiently. Shirone put aside miscellaneous skills and studied only the basics of swordsmanship.

A month passed by quickly.

Arm-direction slash and arm-direction block. After being able to do these two things satisfactorily, Shirone finished his training.

And finally, he asked a question that implied what he had learned.

"What is swordsmanship?"

The totality of kinetic dynamics that occur for the purpose of killing life. It was also a highly advanced psychology in that it separated life and death.

Shirone assumed the imaginary Lian and aimed her sword. He would probably move from every angle imaginable.

But it's just a lie. Only the sword that came in to cut himself was real.

Shirone responded with imagination to an imaginary enemy. His own sword stretched like an illusion and overpowered the eight defenses. When another sum was made, he dispersed into dozens of branches.

'It's not counting numbers. I feel it whole.'

If you are obsessed with the trees, you will not see the forest. To savor the full potential. That was an insight.

But it wasn't that easy. As the various patterns spread out like fractals, I kept obsessing over attacks in specific parts.

'It's okay if you can't make it. Let's observe.'

Gradually gaining momentum, Shirone completely let go of her thoughts at some point. All kinds of possibilities began to be sucked into the infinite blank space.

"Huh? uh uh uh?"

Shirone looked at the world with shocked eyes. There was no end. The whole world was filled with his and Lian's sword.

Shirone dropped her sword and staggered at the unbearable size.

"Ha ha ha ha ha."

dejected laughter. Like magic, the sword was infinite. It was an experience of an infinite world derived from a single sword.

'I guess the swordsmen chose this path.'

Aren't you also walking the infinite path of magic? The unknown homogeneity made me feel good.

'Mom, Dad, I'm sorry. I might not be able to go home.'

There were no regrets. So will Lian. It was fortunate that I was able to see one side of a truly wonderful world ahead of the turning point of life and death.

Outside the library, I heard the chime of a bell approaching midnight.

Lian wants to have what she can't have. Shirone has done everything he can. The clash between the two boys, symmetrical like mirrors, is now an hour away.

=======================================
[9] Opportunities worth more than life (5)





grand banquet hall.

Shirone arrived on time. Lian came first and was waiting.

It was as if the battle had already begun. The two looked at each other from a distance without approaching.

"Let's do it."

The weapon Lian chose was the same long sword as Shirone's.

Ogent's swordsmanship, which boasts a domineering and exciting swordsmanship, was more suitable for a greatsword than a longsword.

However, that was when the schema was possible, so it was more like choosing a custom weapon rather than being considerate of Shirone.

Shirone was in the posture of Jung Jung-dong from the beginner level swordsmanship. It was a simple move, but even in Lian's eyes, his center of gravity was much more well-placed than before.

'really... ... Is that possible?'

Lian saw Rai again from Shirone. Suddenly, I had this thought. That kid might not have really learned swordsmanship.

'But how can I stay calm? Aren't you afraid of death?'

Even Lian, who had trained with the sword for 16 years, was afraid of death. That's why it was to boost his confidence while pushing his body to the limit.

On the other hand, Shirone did not have the same courage as Lian. He was a herbivore who loved peace and hated fighting.

However, intelligence always pursues the highest efficiency. Analyzing the fear of the real sword as the biggest risk factor in this confrontation, Shirone tried to find a solution and finally got an answer.

If you can't overcome your fear, you just have to understand it.

In sword philosophy, this is called 'jumping off a cliff'. Any human can jump off a cliff. If only he didn't recall the fact that he would die.

For example, some parts of the world do not feel fear. There are various occupations such as powerful people, businessmen, and criminals, but the common point is that they do not imagine the results in advance.

Serial killers only pursue momentary pleasure and do not think about death when they are arrested. Some dictators enjoy a leisurely dinner even when rebels have broken through the gates. For them, the future is an illusion that does not even exist for 0.1 seconds.

Shirone imagined standing at the edge of a cliff. Then he put his right foot in the air, followed by his left foot.

Shirone did not crash. If you didn't imagine the future, the outside of the cliff was just about to fall.

'It didn't fall until it fell. You are not dead until you die.'

The reason why intellect is sometimes more dangerous than courage is that it understands the nature of danger.

Also, the spirit of Shirone that was frozen like that resulted in a dramatic increase in the spirit zone's sense of stability.

"Goaaaaaa!"

At the same time as Shirone entered the Spirit Zone, Lian came close.

A flash seemed to draw in front of Shirone's eyes. It was definitely a thrilling swordsmanship that was on a different level from that of a mountaineer.

But Shirone also had a spirit zone.

With his synesthesia, he clearly felt the sword's trajectory and avoided the attack with his eyes wide open.

Lian's expression turned to bewilderment. It was absolutely impossible for beginners to see the movements of the real sword with their own eyes.

However, the skill of the sword is also infinite. There were definitely things that Shirone couldn't predict. As the blade cut through Shirone's chest, the spirit zone shook momentarily.

Shirone's heart sank. If this is the case, you will be left without a hitch.

However, Lian's subsequent attack was unexpectedly violent. Thanks to this, Shirone was able to escape death by blowing up his body.

'Why such an attack?'

It was over when he cut his side in the shortest distance without having to exert much effort. However, Lian, as if not noticing Shirone's shaking, took a big move to win.

'Maybe my understanding of swordsmanship is lower than I thought?'

Shirone's thoughts were correct. Lian, who lacked insight, was good at swordsmanship itself, but his realization of the essence of swordsmanship was poor.

Shirone lowered Lian's skills. It was foolish to give up any room for a counterattack to set the enemy too strong. He had no choice but to take risks to win the match.

As Shirone's counterattack began, Lian's stamina was rapidly exhausted as the tension of death increased. When dozens of sums continued like that, Lian was shocked.

'Damn it! It can't be like this! It can't be like this!'

The opponent's technique was only basic slashing. Even so, it was difficult to stop. I was only aiming for the unstoppable part.

Rai's face suddenly came to mind. In a confrontation two years ago, his older brother had defeated Lian with one hand. Rai's face as he licked his lips and made a sneer was still vivid in my mind.

"Do not be ridiculous! I will become the best swordsman in the world!"

The more Lian bumped into her, the more she wondered. what the hell is this boy You don't want to win? Why do you insist? Does he do what he thinks?

'uh? Huh?'

Shirone gradually realized that he was being pushed back. At some point, his opponent's movements were not being read. Lian's sword, which he wielded with confidence, began to approach Shirone with an unpredictable difficulty.

"Don't lose! I will definitely jump over it!"

Lian jumped on the winning flag and drove Shirone. Shirone's stamina was rapidly draining. So far, I have been efficiently distributing my stamina, but there is an absolute difference anyway. It felt like the sword was becoming heavy.

"This is it!"

Lian, who came running with her longsword hanging down, struck Shirone up as if splitting his chin. Shirone also struck down his sword with all his strength.

With a clanging sound, a sword soared into the sky and pierced the other side of the gymnasium.

Silence prevailed.

The two took a deep breath and glared at each other.

Lian slowly lowered his gaze and looked down. I saw Shirone's sword aiming at his own pit.

Just before the swords collided, Shirone swung her wrist like a whirlwind and raised Lian's sword from bottom to top. In addition to his inertia, Lian, whose stamina fell as the impact was applied, eventually let go of the sword.

It was not a technique I tried with confidence. Just a difference in understanding of swordsmanship. He took the risk thinking that only attacks that could cut him were real.

Shirone did not relax. He wanted to lie down right away, but he couldn't let go of his hard-earned life.

"Ah, I lost."

Lian admitted defeat coolly.

"Ah, I lost. lost."

Lian scratched her head annoyedly, but the miasma had already disappeared. I trained to the limit and fought to the best of my ability. So, there was no regret left.

"You won. I lost the battle, so I have nothing to say even if I kill you."

It was not a childish remark. But Shirone was even more displeased with it. Can there be such a thing without iron?

"Are you kidding me?"

"what?"

"If you kill the young master, do you know how I can live? To say such nonsense."

"I am! What does it matter? Is that something you would say to someone who risked their lives, that's it!"

"Your life must have been staked only by the young boy! I was just fighting for my life! What the hell makes no sense starting from this absurd confrontation, is it possible that the young master didn't want to train in the first place and put the blame on me with what he hid?"

Lian was taken aback. Isn't it normal for normal men to have lines that, if not heartwarming, can feel the hot and heavy taste after a fight?

However, this was the momentum to eat it with male nagging.

"Hey man! Who puts the blame on you? It's because your behavior is so petty! Even if it's the first time we've seen each other, it's normal to show loyalty in such a situation!"

"You sound like loyalty!"

"What is it, man?"

Shirone cried. For a month, I was so preoccupied with the problem at hand that I had no time to think of anything else, but when the work was over, I couldn't control my anger.

"Is that loyalty? Have you ever thought about the burden a rank butler must bear between the son of the head of household and the master swordsman? Did you ask me for that even knowing that?"

"yes? yeah... ... ."

Lian blinked his eyes. Shirone's nagging was an unfamiliar attack to Lian, who learned from being beaten every day.

"If you are truly a man of loyalty, you should have been ashamed of burdening a mere butler and stood before the swordsmanship master on your own. Isn't that a really cool and loyal act?"

Lian was silent for a long time. From the way he repeatedly licked his lips, Shirone was able to understand his personality.

I'm not the type to make up words.

I didn't do anything because I had nothing to say.

But Shirone, who didn't want to see it even more, gave up even nagging and sat down.

"Ha, you really almost died."

Lian looked closely at the chattering Shirone. The strongest opponent who overcame the fear of death and pushed himself disappeared, and it seemed as if a child was just sitting there.

Who are you? It was clear that he was a genius. But he wasn't Rai. Unlike his older brother, who slashed the sword with one hand and threw arsenic, that boy dealt with him with all his might.

"What is your name?"

Shirone raised her head. When I sat and looked at him, Lian's size seemed bigger.

"This is Ariane Shirone."

"I am Ogent Lian."

It was funny that nobles and commoners were making a statement, but what was even more absurd was this. Do you really think we don't know the name of the youngest son in the family?

Lian walked on, not paying attention to Shirone's sullen expression. Shirone's head went up even more. Lian suddenly held out a hand the size of a pot lid and spoke in a thick voice.

"let's be friends. how?"



The first step towards your dream (1)





A year has passed since he joined the Ogent family.

Shirone turned 17, and more than 7,000 books in the Great Library were lost.

Temuran gave out his tongue at the phenomenal speed of work, but Shirone had already foreseen it. As the number of classified books decreases, it is natural that efficiency accelerates.

In his opinion, everything in the world seemed to be subject to acceleration rather than constant velocity. Even if the start was slow, if you didn't give up and worked hard, you could reach your goal faster than expected.

Only about 200 books remain out of the target of 850 historical books. The average amount of reading was over three books a day, and in a few months the spine of knowledge I dreamed of would be complete.

Besides that, he experienced swordsmanship and understood the nature of fear. Thanks to this, I was able to dramatically increase the durability of the Spirit Zone.

In this way, the time he spent a year was fruitful and beneficial.

But none of the benefits could compare to Shirone's first sincere friend.

"There are too many books. My family must have read all of this?"

Lian, who was sitting on the floor, muttered while looking at the book. When she first met Shirone, she found that Lian had a lot of affection and a charming personality. Should we say that she is the youngest member of an aristocratic family?

Shirone said as she arranged her books on top of the ladder.

"of course. The head of the household and the little boy visit the library often."

"Sheesh, smart people are good. There are so many things I know how to do."

When Lian threw down the book she was reading, Shirone, who came down from the ladder, picked it up and nagged at it.

"Don't throw it carelessly. If you damage even one copy, I will die."

"I don't like that either. Does it make sense that books are more important than people's lives? Even if you burn down the library, don't worry, I'll protect you."

"If you stay still, that will never happen, so please be careful."

Never once did an unfamiliar word come out of Shirone's mouth. She is firm and strict, but not cold. Lian liked that Shirone.

"It's nice to be with you, but I'm dying of frustration because I'm stuck in the library."

"Why are you dying here? How about training?"

"Basic training only. He said he wanted to study at the library."

Shirone trembled.

"Then you should study quickly. What are you doing?"

"boring! boring! boring!"

Lian struggled with her limbs and acted foolishly.

Shirone turned away as if ignoring it and headed for the desk. I wasn't particularly worried about Lian's laziness. If he was water, Lian was fire. He is a fire that, once ignited, grows out of control.

=======================================
[10] The first step towards the dream (2)





Shirone, who took the history book, started nagging again.

"Get up and get the book. study."

"Kkeuh, training has been so intense lately."

After sending Lian to the study, Shirone sat down and opened a history book. Recently, the field work was completed faster than the paper work, so I had a lot of time.

Once I started paying attention to the book, the pages turned quickly.

Top left, bottom left, top right, bottom right. In four blinks, two pages were snapped. Moreover, the rhythm was rarely broken until the entire book was read.

This meant that the category of knowledge contained in the head exceeded the category of books. After reading 650 history books, I was able to digest the remaining 200 like drinking water.

"Hey, Shirone. I found an interesting book here."

Lian came over, waving a book. However, he soon found Shirone turning the pages at a tremendous speed and couldn't dare to touch him. In one instance, she herself took more than 10 hours to turn a page. She must have been reading a book, but when she opened her eyes it was morning.

Taking a seat next to Shirone, Lian opened the book she had brought. The interesting book he found was this title.

Inspector VS Mage.

"introduction. You may have asked yourself this question at least once. If a swordsman and a wizard face off, who will win?"

As Lian read aloud, Shirone's gestures as he turned the pages stopped. For aspiring wizards, it was something that would open their ears.

"I traveled all over the world to find the answer. Even now, when I close my eyes, it flickers. Artusna Mountains at 6,000 meters above sea level. There is a carnivorous tree that eats mountain birds... ... ."

Lian closed the book.

"It's so damn boring."

"what? I'm having fun!"

Surprised by Shirone's cry, Lian shook her shoulders. She pretended not to be interested, but her ears were pricked up like a fox.

"What's funny? There are no pictures, and there is no mention of swordsmanship."

"Are you saying this without reading a single page, that's it!"

"A writer must be considerate of the reader. The beginning is fun, the end is touching."

"This is not a novel. give me the book So, who will win?"

"What if who wins? Will the mage and the swordsman fight that they are crazy? If the situation is advantageous, they will run and if it is unfavorable, they will run away."

Shirone spread out the middle part of 'Swordsman VS Wizard' and flipped through the pages.

"There may be times when you have no choice but to fight. If so, who will win?"

"Okay. If you make a rough guess... ... ."

"Of course, the prosecutor wins."

A sharp voice came from beyond the bookshelf. Then, a man with a cold impression appeared. He wasn't as tall as Lian, but he was much taller, and his limbs were slim.

It was the second son of the Ogent family, Ogent Rye.

Even though they were brothers, their atmosphere and appearance were quite different from Lian's. His hair was once pitch black.

There are two indivisible bloodlines descending from the Ogent family: blue hair and black hair.

The head of the household, Bischoff, the eldest son, and the second son inherited black hair, and the light blue hair was passed on to the second daughter and the youngest, Lian.

In addition, Lian's grandfather, a nationally certified third-class prosecutor, was also blue.

Of course, family members are connected by a strong bond.

But sometimes it's funny that they split sides based on lineage. Whose lineage is superior depends on the generation, but this time, black hair leading to Bischoff and Lai was the trend.

"ah! hello."

Shirone hurriedly lowered his head. No one in the family knew that he was friends with Lian. If he had listened to the conversation just now, he would not have been able to get Chidogon.

"The prosecutor wins? How sure are you? Because your brother is a prosecutor?"

Lian knew that too, so he tried to hold Rai's consciousness in a sarcastic tone.

"Do I need to add a grandiose word like certainty? It is a fact that can be revealed just by knowing where the wizards and swordsmen of each continent stand."

Fortunately, Rai didn't seem to care about his relationship with Lian, but he couldn't be relieved. He was a man whose thoughts were hard to read, as I felt every time he came to the library.

"No matter what the position is, this is a match. Surely you're not going to say that on the battlefield, are you? I'm higher than you, so step back. I mean like this."

Lian laughed cheerfully as if he had been given a shot.

However, Rai didn't even care and looked back at Shirone with indifferent eyes.

"What do you think, kid?"

"Well... ... Assuming the highest level, the magic is so powerful that it can mortally wound the swordsman. But instead, swordsmen have excellent physical abilities, so if they attack before using magic... ... ."

"No, that's wrong. A wizard cannot defeat a swordsman."

Shirone cried. He was still a wannabe, but a wizard was his dream. It was unpleasant that his own dreams fell absolutely short of anything else.

When his friend was ignored, an angry Lian shot at him.

"What is your brother saying? Does he think he's a prosecutor's representative?"

Rai raised his eyebrows. She was an arsenic that Lian hated terribly.

"The pride of being a prosecutor is not something anyone can gain. But the magician's knowledge can be bought with money."

Rai's words had bones. In fact, the swordsman had a way to neutralize magic.

It was an artifact called 'anti-magic'.

Anti-magic generates a special wavelength to disturb the magician's spirit zone. If the Spirit Zone is shaken, the power of magic will inevitably drop.

Anti-magic artifacts are processed in the form of crystal spheres and attached to armor, shields, or swords. Since the heart of a dragon that emits magic waves is required, the finest artifacts are too expensive for even a few nobles to covet.

Moreover, even if you equip 10 artifacts with 10% efficiency, you cannot defend 100% against magic.

Since the waves are resonant, even if a new wave is added to the anti-magic wave, overlapping parts will inevitably occur.

In the end, the more artifacts are installed, the less efficient it is, and the key was how much to suppress them.

The best artifact in existence was the 'Armor Set of Five Gods' made by Archmage Yakra. Artifacts are embedded in helmets, armors, gauntlets, boots, and shields, each with a single maximum efficiency of 20%.

Studies have shown that the deterrence that can be obtained when a full set of armor is worn is as much as 65%. Decreasing magic power by 65% ??was no different from a situation where the wizard's hands and feet were tied.

Another awkwardness is 'Essence of the Spirit'. There are four types of essences, which are determined in very small amounts in the natural world: fire, water, wind, and earth.

The number of essences that have been revealed so far is 17 all over the world - 2 fire, 3 water, 5 wind, 7 earth - and the value of one exceeds the budget of a small kingdom.

Shirone imagined it. If a master of the schema equipped with four essences in the armor set of the five masters wields a sword, what wizard can deal with?

Of course, this was only theoretically possible. The set of five zodiac signs were scattered all over the world, and the origins were unknown, and the essence of the spirits could not be obtained except at the national level.

Equipping multiple anti-magic was also a problem. Even Yakra, a master of wave equations, spent 10 years refining the armor set of the Oshinjang.

It was common to mess around with money while clumsily stacking anti-magic. Efficiency does not increase unless the interaction of the wave type, resonance frequency, and magic power is integrated.

It wasn't a joke to say that half of a noble's fortune would be lost while trying to raise anti-magic by 1 percent.

The prosecutor's dilemma begins here. Rather than investing a huge amount of money to raise anti-magic, it was much cheaper to bring a wizard who had learned anti-magic magic.

This was implied in Rai's words. A mage is merely a subordinate of a swordsman. Also he said: Any amount of magician knowledge can be bought with money.

The person who developed Anti-Magic as an artifact was not a swordsman, but a wizard. Numerous wizards are still studying the effects of dragon magic on the spirit zone. Because he can achieve great wealth and fame if he just performs.

Rai was pointing out the irony that wizards who live off magic are researching ways to weaken it. He was saying that a wizard sold for money could not beat a swordsman.

"how? You seem to like books. It's magic, just block it with anti-magic. But the swordsman's body is different. Our bodily powers can only be acquired through pain."

Shirone understood Rai's words. But I didn't agree with his thoughts.

"That's what a wizard is."

"what?"

Rai was puzzled when Shirone readily acknowledged it. If he was a boy who liked magic, it was normal for him to be hot-tempered.

"A wizard is a person who persistently digs into the harmony of all things. So it should come as no surprise that they are researching ways to suppress magic. What matters to them is not whether they win or not in a fight, but whether they know it or not. As a result, artifacts are also products of that borderless intellect. At the same time, I think the premise to say that you can defeat a wizard is wrong from the beginning."

Rai was not as honest as Lian. He was the kind of person who would use any logic to subdue an opponent if he could defeat them.

Even so, the reason why I kept my chin firmly shut is that I couldn't find anything to refute Shirone's logic.

Lian struggled to contain his laughter. When her older brother, who always talked like he knew everything, became a dumb dumb at Shirone's words, he couldn't be so excited.

'Puhahaha! It's ugly. My friend's words are amazing, right?'

As time passed, Rai's expression distorted. His forehead was wrinkled and bloodstained at his temples. But she didn't think of it.

"The ideal is different from reality. It doesn't change the fact that you can't fight and win no matter what your intentions are."

Rai turned coldly and left the library. Seeing that, Lian bulged out her smile and covered her mouth.

'Is it different from reality? Is that what you mean by just doing it? Ugh, what an idiot. Go ahead. Go away quickly.'

Then, when the door to the library was closed, he burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! Shirone, you are the best! It's the first time I've ever seen you make that face!"

Even while Lian hugged and shook Shirone like a doll, Shirone did not take her eyes off the place where Rai had left.

Sorcerer versus Wizard.

A book brought by Lian raised a lot of questions for Shirone. As Rai said, the reality may be different.

But Shirone believed.

It is said that the reason why intelligence exists in this world is the spirit of a wizard who puts even his weak points to the test table without hesitation.



* * *



The Great Library was so cold that you could feel the chill. The bookshelves, flooded with knowledge, were empty, and the luminous lamp that used to illuminate them in broad daylight was off.

A ray of golden sunlight pouring in from the fourth-floor window was printed on the floor. Shirone turned over his bookshelf in the sunlight.

One page, one page. And finally... ... The last page is finished and the cover is closed.

Shirone stroked the back of the red-orange cover. Turning over a book is easy. But going through a trough of hundreds of pages and finally turning over was not something anyone could do.

850 volumes of history.

Shirone read all the history books in the Great Library.

'It's over. This is the backbone of my knowledge.'

It was warm. It felt like a flood of light.

Shirone is able to understand the world. Even though he was a hunter's child, he had no problem conversing with any nobleman about the world in general.

It was the result of selection and concentration. Talent only suggests an effective direction, and anyone who reads 850 history books can realize where he or she is standing.

The relocation of the library was also completed after a year and a half of major construction work. You can go home anytime and no longer have to worry about your family dying.

It was like a dream. A lot of things passed through my mind like a dream.

=======================================
[11] The first step towards the dream (3)





"Hey, Shirone. are you still here You said the work was over?"

Lian opened the door and came in, clearing her throat at the rising dust. Shirone greeted her friend with a gentle smile.

"What, what does that expression mean? What's good?"

Lian was bewildered by the unusual appearance of his friend. However, Shirone's words were even more shocking.

"Lian, let me show you around your house."

"yes? what?"

Lian opened his eyes. To think that Shirone, who is faithful to principles and never made a foolish mistake, suddenly wants to take a tour of the house.

However, when he found a book lying next to Shirone, he came to a realization.  

"you... ... Did you do it?"

"yes. There is nothing more to read, at least not in this library."

nothing more to read

Lian didn't like the book, but he could feel how cool the words were.

For this moment, Shirone looked like an incarnation of intellect. Even the sunlight pouring through the window seemed to bless Shirone.

"Uh ha ha ha! did you really make it this bastard! You're such a great guy, man!"

Lian was delighted with his work. Of course, in the prosecutor's own radical way. As if he had a good idea, he snapped his fingers after holding Shirone in his arms.

"great! You are always welcome if you want to come to our house! It just went well. To commemorate the completion of my studies, I have prepared a wonderful gift for you."

"Suddenly, what gift? I don't need it."

"Anyway, follow me. Will you like it? Fuhahaha!"

Shirone was anxious. It is strange that he prepared a gift when he also just found out about the book street. Besides, the bulging skin under his eyes seemed like a gift he would never like.

Seeing the mansion up close for the first time, the intimidating feeling of its size was frightening. I could see why ancient people chose huge structures to express the divinity of their gods.

"Lian, let's go in quietly. What are you going to do if your family finds out?"

"What are you worried about? Is the contract over anyway? Besides, the whole family is gone. Oh, here it is. quickly!"

The place Lian was taken to was the room of a woman who smelled fragrant. A pink curtain was drawn over the balcony window, and instruments including a piano were placed.

"for a moment! Is this your sister's room? Come out quickly! What if we go in?"

"Quack. Wait a minute. It should be somewhere around here."

Lian opened and closed the dresser carelessly as if he had entered his room. After rummaging through the shelves at the bottom, he picked up something and threw it at Shirone with delight.

"found! Now, Shirone, it's a gift!"

Something fragrant and soft covered Shirone's face. Holding it with both hands and unfolding it, it was a dainty little piece of cloth.

The bewildered Shirone's face turned red. From the shape and size, it was clear that it was her sister's underwear.

"Hey! Are you crazy? Why are you throwing this at me!"

"Puhahaha! Look how red your face is. You are 17 now too. Look at the panties boldly. In that sense, my older brother is giving it to me as a present."

"shut up! What's so bold about seeing panties! Take it back quickly!"

"uh? she was excited Shirone is finally excited!"

Lian grabbed his belly button and stomped his foot. In fact, she was 90% wanting to tease her, but she was 100% worried.

Confined to the library and endured for a year and a half, her skin was pure white and her face was still young.

Shirone is too hungry to learn. It wouldn't hurt to use shock therapy once in a while to bring out the man in your heart.

But it didn't work for Shirone. Shiroe, who returned her panties, sighed and continued to nag her manners.

"When are you going to grow up? play a joke like this It's not someone else, it's my sister. put it back quickly What are you going to do if you get caught?"

"As a court musician, I only come once or twice a year. There's nothing to take anyway. But are you really not going to have it? I don't know if I regret it later."

"Following you is my biggest regret in my entire life! Get it sorted out quickly."

Lian crumpled up his underwear and tucked it in and closed the drawer.

"Hey, will it take you then?"

"When the time comes, the dedicated lady-in-waiting will organize it. By the way, it's not fun because I'm not very excited."

"One more time and I will break up with you."

"ha ha ha! okay. that it was a joke Anyway, let's go to my room."

Lian's room was at the far end of the hallway. He said that most of the rooms are left anyway, so he chooses a room that is convenient for him.

Befitting a hot-blooded swordsman, wooden swords were stacked in the room, and books related to swordsmanship were lined up on the bookshelf.

However, there are not many specialized books, and most of them are novels about swordsmen in mythology.

The two sat in the room and chatted about miscellaneous things, and when they got bored, they played a card game.

Each started with the same amount of chips, but the game was over after 30 minutes. It was Lian's complete defeat.

Shirone asked while sweeping the chips.

"One more round?"

"I will not! Shit. It's a gamble, it must be luck anyway, but I must be very unlucky."

"You seem to have a habit of moving your hand outside when an ace comes in. Also, the betting time is different between pair and no pair. Even if you know those two things, you can win."

Lian was dazed like someone who had been scammed.

"How the hell do you find that out?"

"Observation is surprisingly easy. You cannot see it because you presume that it will happen in advance and observe it. Throw away the thought that you must find it and feel the whole. Then you can find it."

"Hmm, don't be obsessed with what you want to get, right? Maybe this will help you find the schema too?"

"Maybe? Because it had a big impact on my understanding of the Spirit Zone."

Lian repeated Shirone's words countless times. He seemed to know something tickling in his head, but he couldn't find the core at all.

Is it because I thought about it for a long time? Drowsiness poured in as her body grew languid. She said as Lian stretched her back.

"There's nothing to do, let's get some sleep. In the morning, after running 100 laps, I am tired to death."

"Then get some sleep. I will be reading a book."

"Ugh."

Lian fell asleep as soon as he touched his head. Shirone burst into laughter at the sight of her easy-going friend, and took out her novel. She didn't even know how time was passing as she read adventure stories instead of only reading difficult history books.

When Lian didn't wake up after an hour, Shirone closed the book and tidied up the room. When the sun goes down, the inside of the house gets noisy, so I thought it would be a good idea to stop going out.

As I walked down the hallway, I heard a piano playing.

Shirone was shocked and stopped walking. For him, who grew up only in the mountains, the composer's inspired music shook his mind with a meaning different from magic.

The sound came from Lian's sister's room. He involuntarily stepped forward and saw Lian's older sister for the first time.

A face as clean as the morning dew. A woman with flowing blue hair was playing her piano.

It was the second daughter of the Ogent family, Ogent Raina.

The melody Reina played was truly heavenly. She is not the youngest, but she is a talented person who was recognized for her skills at the age of 19 and entered the royal castle, so the evaluation of her Shirone was not excessive.

Mars is gradually accumulating. the run of Mars. and variations. Shirone's mind was moving along Reina's fingertips like a marionette caught in a melody.

It was only after the performance was over that Shirone realized where she was. Maybe it was because her emotion was too long. When she came to her senses, Reina was already looking back and waving her hand.

"hi? How was it, my piano sonata?"

I read the book, but it was the first time I heard it with my ears. Shirone did not dare to comment on Reina's performance.

"It's good to come here and have a look. It's the first time I see your face Are you the butler who came in this time?"

"Yes. I'm in charge of sorting the library. It's over now."

"Aha! I heard about it. You must be very smart. Classification is not for everyone."

Is it because you are an artist? Her words and actions were not at all authoritative, and she was rather considerate.

For the first time, Shirone was jealous of Lian, who had an older sister. Then he remembered the low-level crime he had committed unintentionally. Her cheeks burned as she overlapped what she saw with Reina's face.

"Ugh!"

"Where are you? What's wrong with your face?"

"Oh, no."

Shirone entered the room awkwardly. His most perfect lie is to deceive himself. Shirone changed the subject by hypnotizing him that he didn't see anything.

"You mean this is sheet music?"

"yes? yes, that's right It's the third movement of the piano sonata, 'In the Dark', composed by Schreiman. Have you ever played the piano?"

"No, never."

"yes? sit over here I'll teach you. It's not a difficult song."

Shirone had a crush on her for being kind. She was dumbfounded, of course, because Lian had told her that she was a nasty witch with a temper.

Shirone struck the first chord, paying attention to his fingering as he had taught him. Then he moved sparsely again and connected it with the second chord.

"wow! your eyes are very fast The first sighting is really good."

To play a piece of music that one has never seen before is called a first sighting. Technical talent is required rather than sensibility, and it is safe to say that a person with excellent vision has a high speed of thinking.

Shirone was happy with Reina's praise. However, he forgot his inspiration for Reina and immersed himself in the piano. He was an unstoppable curiosity.

"I'm sorry... ... ."

"yes?"

"Can you play it again just once?"

At that moment, Reina discovered Shirone's unique temperament. It is a lie invented by critics that artists like talent. Rather, artists loved passion.

"great. Then listen carefully."

Raina encored 'In the Dark'. Even to Shirone, an outsider, it was a much more delicate performance than the first. It was the power of schema. Understanding her own body, her nervous system was twice as sensitive as the average person's.

When the performance was over, Reina turned her head with a satisfied face. But Shirone was lost in her thoughts, not showing her expression, as if she hadn't heard anything.

"Can I try it?"

"yes? uh, yes."

"Please understand even if it's hard to hear."

"Whoops, of course. Everyone is like that when they first do it."

Shirone's hands gently moved up to the keyboard. The moment she thought her posture was pretty good, Shirone's fingers started tapping the keys.

Reina smiled awkwardly as unknown music played. However, he listened as if he realized something about him from the time he became a lieutenant general.

'What is this kid? What the hell are you trying to do?'

The sound was all out of tune. Completely wrong. But surprisingly... ... .

It was perfectly similar.

I can't really explain it, but it was true. Obviously, Shirone did not have the technical proficiency to play sheet music.

However, except for the technical part, he imitated everything of her as if he had become Reina.

It's not a performance to show off to someone. The child had only the piano in his head.

'A little more. A little closer.'

Shirone was desperate to infiltrate the music. Since I kept the tempo, the pace of development was too fast. He was unable to produce accurate notes with his own sighting skills.

It compressed the concentration that fluttered in seconds. The spirit of trance began to be sucked into the Spirit Zone.

Rayna swallowed her saliva. Pleasant chords intermittently intervened in the cacophony.

And finally, 'Du-du-du-du!' At the climax, the performance for exactly 1.7 seconds perfectly matched the score.

Rayna held her breath in a shudder. Shirone maintained that state and entered the normal cadence.

After picking up the 1st degree, he raised both hands and struck the 5th degree like a thunderbolt. Then, I pressed the last degree with the greatest passion of my life.

Woo woo woo woo woo.

The harmonies from the past 4 minutes ago dissipated with 7 notes, spreading an infinite aftertaste.

=======================================
[12] The first step towards the dream (4)





Reina stared blankly at Shirone, who was breathing heavily. I can't evaluate her sense of pitch because she doesn't deserve to be called a performance, but her insight into realizing her essence was beyond imagination.

'Who are you? Why is this child a butler... ... .'

"Oh, a little noisy! You devil!"

Shirone and Reina looked back towards the hallway at the same time.

"If you come, wipe your feet and go to sleep, or even sing a lullaby! Get hit in a harsh place and get hysterical!"

frizzy hair. Half-closed, grim eyes. Lian, still asleep, entered the room, scratching her washboard abs. Then she saw Shirone sitting next to her sister and tilted her head.

"what? Shirone, what are you doing here?"

"No, there... ... ."

It would be a big deal if Rayna found out that she was friends with Lian.

However, Lian mumbled something as if he hadn't thought about it, and then suddenly grabbed his stomach and smiled.

"Puhahaha! can you Are you here to get it?"

Shirone's face burned with unbearable shame. How will Rayna see herself if she learns of the crime Lian committed? Also, how embarrassing would she be?

"no! It's because I came in for a while."

"No what? Congratulations Shirone. You have finally become a man."

Lian was unstoppable. Of course, underwear was probably as insignificant as a dishcloth among family members. However, it was a burden that Shirone could not handle.

"what? Did you guys know each other?"

"Shirone? uh, my friend."

"Lian! What are you talking about?"

"ha ha ha! are you okay. That witch has a nasty temper, but she doesn't care about that at all."

Is it really so?

I know she has an artistic and open personality. However, this was the most serious situation that could happen between nobles and commoners.

"Your name was Shirone. Do not worry about it. Because if Lian is a friend, she is a friend. Although she is a pathetic younger sister, she is not one to play with people."

Shirone didn't look suspicious. It could have made her feel bad as the victim, but Reina rather accepted Shirone's attitude favorably. Because true trust grows out of doubt.

"But you are very special. How did you do that performance earlier?"

"what? Was it Shirone? I thought my sister's hysteria was triggered again."

Shirone's brow furrowed. She didn't understand why she would label such a pretty and affectionate older sister a witch or a hysteria.

"Lian, why did you lie to me? You are a kind and nice person."

"Shirone, you must not be fooled! This woman is a witch! She might eat you someday!"

Lian grabbed Shirone by the shoulder and shook him. Lian's expression was too serious to dismiss it as a joke.

"Whoops, I'm sorry. My younger brother is so immature. Still, it's reassuring to have a friend like Shirone. I'm a pathetic and ugly younger brother, but you take good care of me."

Lian walked over to the table and poured water. In any case, between brother and sister, no matter what they said, it would not go into their ears.

"Oh, no. what am i... ... ."

Reina stared at Shirone, who was shyly scratching her head. She would have been all grown up when she was 17, but she was such an innocent child.

"Whoops, you are so cute."

"If you're that cute, your sister lives with you. If Shirone becomes a family, it's good for me. Hahahaha!"

At Lian's joke, Shirone's face turned red. Even so, the reason she didn't feel bad was that she had a crush on her, knowingly or unknowingly.

"Oh my goodness! You seem to be close enough to give up your older sister."

"What are you talking about? Of course, Shirone is like a brother, but he doesn't mind giving a witch like you to anyone. Rather, Shirone is a waste."

"Aha, is that so?"

Reina's body flew up. Shirone's mind was dazzled by her leaping power, which easily exceeded the height of a person.

Landing in front of Lian, Reina pulled her brother's ear hard.

"Ouch! it hurts! It hurts!"

"You got it, you culprit!"

"You are the culprit! What are you talking about?"

"The guy who played with my underwear. is it you?"

"no! Why put it on a strict person!"

"You and Shirone are the only two hot-blooded men on the second floor, and from what I have seen, Shirone is definitely not that kind of guy. So there is only you Will you admit it now? Why did you take interest in your sister's underwear, which you hate so much?"

Reina was once a master of swordsmanship on par with Rai. As such, the power concentrated in his fingers was truly enormous.

Lian looked at Shirone with the feeling of being quenched by hellfire. There is only self-destruction beyond this. If you're going to die anyway, isn't it better for even one person to survive?

"Yes, I did! I was trying to put it on because my underwear fell off! You can't even give your sister a pair of panties! Aaaagh!"

When Reina mercilessly tugged at her ear, the huge Lian stood on tiptoe.

"Are you saying that now? If you don't tell the truth, your ears will be ripped off."

"Kill, kill! I have nothing more to say!"

Shirone was restless. No matter who took the lead, it was the same thing, so I couldn't let Lian suffer alone.

"Hey, actually I did."

"Shirone, no! You don't know the fear of this witch! Run quickly!"

"It happened because Lian was playing a joke. There was no malice. But I'm really sorry."

"Hmm, that's what I mean."

Reina slowly opened her eyes and looked at Shirone and Lian alternately. Then, she chuckled and hit Lian's head.

"Ouch!"

"I think I saved my life because of Shirone. Just one more time and then I will make you truly deaf."

Lian stroked the top of his head and muttered all the time. What kind of wind blew this witch into her house?

"Why did you come back? Have you taken a vacation before?"

"yes? haven't you heard yet? Rai news."

"When did you see we cared?"

"This time, Lai is taking the official inspection test. That's why I came to pick you up. She started out with her grandfather from Wangseong, but he said he was coming to meet some friends along the way."

"An official exam?"

Lian's eyes widened in shock. The difference in skill was acknowledged. Because his brother was a genius.

But did it happen like this?

A certified license was the dream of everyone living in the kingdom of Tormia, and was a criterion to measure aristocratic ranks.

The exam is held once a year and the number of applicants reaches as high as 1,000.

However, among them, there were not even 30 people who could obtain official recognition.

There was an unofficial license as the target for comparison. It was issued by an institution designated by the royal palace. Taking Creas as an example, there was Alpheas Magic School as a representative.

After graduating from magic school, he becomes an unofficial 10th class wizard, and after that, he raises his level by performing various achievements through associations or guilds.

The difference between public and non-officials was whether or not they were recognized by the royal family. Therefore, even among non-officials, there are talented people who are not inferior to public figures, but since people tend to flock to places where money and honor follow, the overall level of public figures could be said to be much higher.

The fact that more than half of the people who obtained non-official licenses in the annual official exam also showed the difference.

"Heh, that would be nice. Geniuses are different. They push you hard at home too."

Reina looked at Lian sadly. She was the cute little sister, with or without talent. She hoped that this incident would not hurt her.

"I have to go prepare dinner. It's seafood from the royal palace, so you have to clean it yourself. Shirone, nice to meet you. Let's say hello next time."

"Yes. Goodbye."

Shirone put her regret behind her and lowered her head. As he left the mansion tomorrow, there was no way he would see Reina again. But he would never forget her exhilaration of the moment he played her piano with her.

"Lian, maybe your sister."

"yes? Why is my sister?"

"So... ... Do you have a boyfriend or something?"

Shirone regretted it as soon as he said it. Emotions are like beasts imprisoned in an iron cage, and if you let go, it can lead to uncontrollable consequences.

After blinking for a long time, Lian smiled, showing her teeth.

"Shirone, can you?"

"Oh no! just forget it! I'm just... ... ."

"Puhahaha! sister! sister!"

When Lian ran out of the room, Shirone, who was blushing, chased after him. Even going down the stairs was a waste of time, Ji Lian pulled her face out of the railing and shouted.

"sister! Shirone asks if you have a boyfriend... ... !"

"Aw, stop!"

Shirone, who barely kept her mouth shut, grabbed Lian by the waist and dragged her into the room.

"yes? What are you talking about? boy friend?"

The maids working in the kitchen looked up at the second floor. Reina, who prepares the seafood, said with a smile in her eyes.

"It's a joke with the kids. Now, all you have to do is steam it. The poison has been removed, so please cook according to the recipe."

"Yes, lady."

As soon as the full-scale cooking began, the ladies-in-waiting again immersed themselves in their work.

However, the young man in charge of the mansion's business was frowning at the voice from earlier.

Chief Louis.

He was the youngest person in the history of the family to become the head of the butler, thanks to his natural calculation skills and thorough personality. He was wearing rimless glasses that accentuated his cold expression.

"Shirone?"

The ladies-in-waiting may have never heard of it, but it was clearly embedded in his brain as the butler. He was a contract boy brought in by Temuran for work before the Great Library.

"Why is it that the youngest boy and... ... ?"

It was a matter that could not be overlooked for him, who had sworn to dedicate his life to the prosperity of the Ogent family. It was clear that something was going on that he didn't know about.

His eyes flashed, and he called the butler and gave instructions.

"Tell the sub-butler to come to my room right away."



* * *



From early morning, the sound of cheers resounded throughout the large parade ground.

Lian raised the intensity of training more than usual. The talk of Rai taking the official exam added fuel to his embers. He will surely catch up. With that thought in mind, he repeated the cut countless times.

Kite looked at his pupil's exciting sword dance and was convinced.

'It definitely increased.'

stamina, stamina, skill. It was a breakthrough in every way. With this level of skill, it would be easy to subdue a gang of bandits near the city.

However, assuming a confrontation between those who have formally learned swordsmanship, it was still far, far away. The problem was the schema. Lian's greatest strength, recklessness, was working as a weakness this time.

Lian's swordsmanship was hectic and intense. Even though there are times when you need to make your mind cold and realize the essence, he only emphasized moving forward.

'Everyone has their own way. The downside of not being cool is nothing compared to that hot firepower. It is clear that there is no choice but to go on like this. One, it's a pity.'

"Taha! Taha! Taha!"

He wielded a club twice as heavy as a longsword with brute force alone. Considering the air resistance, it was a power that was comparable to holding a greatsword. I was already looking forward to how much efficiency would be maximized if I could learn the schema.

"stop! 10 minute break!"

Lian gasped and returned to Kite.

Kite found the burning passion in his pupil's eyes. One day a year ago, I had eyes like this.

It went off quickly at the time, but this time it was different. Rai goes to the palace. Lian's flame would never fade again.

"Youngest boy! The youngest boy!"

The average butler working at the mansion came running in a hurry. Arriving in front of Lian, who was drinking his throat, he spoke without even holding his breath.

"It's a big deal! The lady wants you to come to the mansion quickly!"

"Your sister? what's going on all of a sudden I'm not interested if it's because of my brother. Do it yourself."

"It's not like that. A contract boy named Shirone is now in danger of dying."

=======================================
[13] The first step towards the dream (5)





Lian spits out the water he was drinking. In the middle of the night, not even Hongdu, but Shirone is in danger. She was even more embarrassed because she was about to pick up a friend who was leaving in a few hours.

"Shirone? What is it?"

"that is... ... there... ... ."

"Tell me quickly! What happened!"

"Looks like Deacon Lewis has sent a report to the head of the household. I don't know, but I heard that the young master and a boy named Shirone were like friends... ... ."

"Damn it!"

Lian immediately picked up the clothes that had been dried on the rock and put them on. Kite, who was watching her, asked her.

"What is it? Who else is Shirone?"

"I am a friend. I didn't tell you because I'm a commoner, but Louis must have told me. Messy child! Master, today's training ends with this. I need to go to the mansion."

"no. It can't be."

Lian, who was about to leave the gymnasium, looked back at Kite with an absurd face.

"What are you talking about? Your friend is in danger."

"Didn't you say you were a commoner?"

"What does that matter? Master, were you that kind of person? Master did too! Anyone who can talk with a sword can be a friend!"

Kite clicked his tongue. The immature disciple ended up having an accident. I don't know the details, but since he's lived for a long time, a rough outline was drawn.

"What are you going to do when you go back? Are you going to make a mess? Or do you intend to change her father's heart with some tricks?"

"Master!"

"Lian, anyone can be a friend. But that's between you and the boy. The four friends were a direct challenge to the Ogent family's hierarchy. Fooling around is not going to work."

"You mean to be still? I reached out to Shirone first. I don't want to be a coward!"

Kite stared into his pupil's eyes. really nice eyes There is no falsehood, passionate, and above all, pure.

Kite released his beloved sword from his waist and handed it to Lian. As the sword approached, Lian's heart skipped a beat. I didn't know what to do with this, but the meaning was clear.

It was said that if you want to save your friend, you must be prepared to draw your sword.

"If you can enter the mansion with this sword, I will let you go. But if you're not that determined, don't move from here. It has already left your hands."

"Master."

A warm smile appeared on Lian's lips as he looked at Kite. As she respectfully bowed her head and held out her hands, Kite silently handed over her sword.

"thank you. I will never forget this grace."

"Remember. To abandon a friend is to abandon another you."

"Yes!"

Lian strapped her sword to her waist and ran toward the mansion. Kite looked at him happily. Ended up with this. The time to say goodbye came a little early, but it was fortunate that we were able to part with a manly appearance.

May the student's future be prosperous.



* * *



A chilly aura pervaded the mansion. Work was stopped, and the butlers and maids remained in their seats without making a sound of footsteps.

Behind the sofa where the immediate family members were sitting, Louis, the butler, adjusted his glasses. Next to him, the sub-butler, Temuran, was glaring at Shirone with a twisted gaze.

It was Shirone, who was kneeling in front of her immediate family, receiving countless hostile and contemptuous glances. It was like being in the middle of the Colosseum.

"Deacon, report."

"Yes, my lord. Shirone, hired by Temuran, is accused of scorning the authority of the Ogent family while living there for a year and a half. Numerous butlers have witnessed the youngest Bocchan and Shirone getting along, and I have also heard Shirone speak carelessly to the Bocchan. The detailed circumstantial evidence will be attached to the testimony of the butlers prepared by Temuran."

Bischoff silently passed his hand behind his back. Upon receiving the papers Lewis delivered, he is good! good! He flipped through the paperwork.

While her father was reading the documents, Reina sneaked up to Shirone and whispered to her.

"Shirone, don't worry too much. I'll try to convince my dad. Nothing will happen."

Shirone's face, which slowly lifted his head, was very unconcerned. So, I was rather upset. Even in this situation, there was no expression of anxiety.

'I'm not pretending to be calm. I'm not really afraid.'

Shirone was not afraid. Currently, his mind was floating outside the cliff. The future is just an illusion. Nothing has been decided yet.

After looking through the papers, Bischoff opened his mouth. As a black-haired person, he had a pale impression, and his voice had an aura that made people freeze.

"Arian Shirone, is what is written in this document true?"

"Dad, Shirone and Lian... ... ."

"Raina, I didn't ask you. I will give you a chance to speak. Be still now."

Reina didn't think it was easy. Bischoff, whose strength is based on principle and cool-headedness, was not a person who could be persuaded with emotion.

"There is something I would like to ask you."

Shirone said in a calm voice. The butlers who watched the unusual calm were surprised, but it did not work on Bischoff.

"Tell me."

"If me and the youngest son are friends, what will happen to the youngest son?"

Even though she was in danger of dying, Reina's face turned into a lovely one at Shirone's kindness, who worried about her friend first.

"It has no effect. Now, this is the place to interrogate you, a commoner. No matter what crime Lian committed, as long as it is a family matter, we will protect and protect Lian."

There were thorns in Bischoff's words. He was telling me not to think that he would treat a nobleman's son the same as a commoner.

But Shirone was satisfied with that. She shook off all her worries, and with her bright smile on her face, she obediently told her truth.

"I'm glad then. Lian and I are good friends. We have built a great friendship over the course of a year and will continue to do so."

No one showed it, but Shirone's words caused a big wave. In particular, when the half-doubt turned out to be true, the shock of the butlers who lived together was enormous.

The son of a noble family and the son of a mountaineer have been friends for a year. Something that would only appear in a play actually happened.

"The family's authority has fallen to the ground. Shirone, as the head of the Ogent family, I will execute you."

"Dad! Wait a minute and listen! You said you would give me a say!"

"I confessed to myself. It's pointless to waste any more time. butler."

"Yes, my lord."

"Execute Shirone's execution. Also, this should never leak outside."

"All right."

Rayna was in a hurry. Even in this situation, the unconcerned Shirone was resentful.

But how can it be prevented? Until now, he had never once reversed the decisions his father had made as head of the household.

"Whoever wants to be executed!"

I opened the door of the mansion as if to break it open, and Lian stormed in. Just by appearing, it felt like the temperature in the mansion was rising.

It was because everyone knew Lian's personality, and that was the power of fire that Lian possessed.

"Who's going to execute a friend without my permission?"

"grow."

Bischoff cut it off.

"Why are you doing that? You didn't commit a mortal sin, you just became friends!"

"It is not necessary to commit a mortal sin to die. The situation of the nobility is complex. Because you are dealing with that complex situation, you too have grown up receiving preferential treatment as a son of a nobleman."

"If it's a privilege to get by killing a friend, I'll refuse it!"

"You are immature, Lian. A friend is someone who shares sympathy on an equal footing. Will that child consider you a friend? how do you believe that For example, let's say you approached for money. Even so, you wouldn't know that. Are you saying you can still trust that child?"

"Shirone is not a child who does such lowly things!"

"So how do you believe that? Show me proof that Shirone is not that kind of kid."

Reina, who was listening to the conversation, bit her lip. He was caught up in Bischoff's rhetoric. There is no evidence that Shirone is a true friend. Whether he approached with black feelings or with friendship, Shirone's attitude would be the same.

Lian also felt a chill at his father's logic. cold. Proof that you are her friend. She was so cold that she thought she would freeze.

Lian grabbed the jingeom he wore around his waist. Master's heat was transmitted through his hands.

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

And smiled reassuringly. It was because he realized Master's true intentions. It wasn't a real sword handed over for foolishness.

"I can't stand Dad either. You almost skipped over it. evidence? i believe Even if Shirone doesn't think of me as a friend, Shirone is my friend as far as I believe. That is clear evidence!"

This time Bischoff was hot. Anyway, what Lian said was also true.

"So you're going to disobey the head of the household? It's not a father-child issue. If you disobey the family head's order, you may be expelled from the family."

Bischoff camped in multiples. To have his son exterminated. Not only the butlers, but even the immediate family members were taken aback by this remark.

But Lian didn't blink an eye. As if he were dealing with a superior who was not his family, he expressed his will with unprecedented courtesy.

"If I have to endure excommunication to protect my friend, I will accept it with a smile."

bang!

Bischoff hit the floor with his boot. He couldn't tolerate it. A son who is only 17 years old, willing to risk excommunication? It was foolish. It's a shameless act. It is to use force to exploit the weakness of parent-child relationship.

"Pull out your sword. Suffering excommunication would mean abandoning one's own family, right? If you really want to be friends, risk your life."

Lian drew his sword. That action angered Bischoff even more.

"Are you really going to point a knife at Abby?"

"It is not a sword to cut my father. It is a sword to defend the faith."

"Since when did you value your friends? You didn't even fit in with the aristocrats your age. It's because they looked shiny. You are taking solace by sacrificing a commoner who is inferior to you."

"Nope. This time, my father was wrong. Shirone is a friend who shines brighter than me. I want to help Shirone shine more."

Bischoff was devastated. What is that child all about? What kind of words did the simple ignorant son fall for?

"Is it you? Did you make Lian like that? Did you convince me that commoners and nobles can be friends?"

Even though the family was on the verge of falling apart, Shirone remained calm.

"Yes. I said so."

Lian stood in front of Shirone and said.

"Shirone, stay still. I'll take care of it. No matter what happens to you... ... ."

"Lian."

Shirone interrupted Lian. Lian looked back with a puzzled expression at the cold tone he hadn't heard before.

"You are responsible for what you are responsible for."

The tone of voice, the tone of voice, the attitude, the intention behind the words. Everything was cold enough to compare with Bischoff. Not only the family, but even Lian felt the cold.

"uh? that, yes of course."

"But... ... ."

Shirone continued.

"You don't have to take responsibility for things you shouldn't be responsible for. We've always done everything together and we've come this far. We just have to overcome this time together."

As if it had never happened, Shirone's face turned friendly.

"Even if I die, I won't regret being friends with you."

Shirone's last words caused Lian's heart to explode. Tears welled up. At this point, she was nowhere to be seen.

"That's right! Even if I get kicked out, we're still friends!"

The butlers began to stir. Cynical at first, they now had no idea whose side to take.

=======================================
[14] The first step towards the dream (6)





'That's amazing, Shirone.'

Reina, who rested her chin on her face and looked at Shirone, smiled. With one word of her stern words, she made the adults in this place feel intimidated. In addition, it made Lian's fiery temper even more burning.

In a sense, he may be the most similar personality to his father. Nevertheless, the reason why Shirone shines is probably because it contains sincerity rather than a calculated strategy.

"Puhahaha! This is a masterpiece! I never thought I would be so excited in my later years! After all, youth is the best!"

The maids screamed at the sound of laughter that seemed to leave the mansion. On the other hand, the immediate family members guessed from their voices and looked back with a sigh.

An old man with blue hair was standing on the second floor balcony.

Shirone stared blankly. The muscles on his forearms twitched as if they were about to explode.

It was Lian's grandfather, Ogent Klumph.

"grandfather!"

Reina stood up with a face that had won thousands of horses. He was struggling to convince the black-haired family head with only himself and Lian. But when it comes to his grandfather, the story is different.

"Are you here, Father? Reina said it would take a few days."

"Chuck! I came early because my friend ran away wearing a young lady. Anyway, this place is still noisy. Youth is also a good thing."

"It's not particularly good. Because the face of the family has fallen to the ground."

"Okay. Everyone seems to have a lot to say since we've been watching from a while ago, but why don't we decide whether it's a loss of face or something after hearing each other's opinions?"

Raina shouted in her heart, 'Grandpa is the best!' Although Clump had already passed on the title of head of household to his son, the position of certified third-class prosecutor was enough to earn the respect of his family.

"Then I will tell you first. I met Shirone for the first time yesterday, but she was a bright and talented child. Also, Shirone had completed all of his contracts as a contract worker, and was supposed to leave the family today. Given these circumstances, it is difficult to see that Shirone harbored a particularly dark heart for Lian, so I don't think he tarnished the family's honor."

Reina briefly and boldly expressed her opinion and sat down. But the tide did not reverse. I've only just managed to balance the two.

It is said that bonding with blue hair is better than black hair, but Klump, who once held the title of head of household, had a fair personality. He gave Lai, who was clearly an opponent, also a chance to speak.

"Then what do you think of our second grandson?"

Rai replied in a calm tone.

"I hate that kid."

The butlers began to stir. It was none other than the remarks of the best prospect in the family.

"But I don't want to bother. It has nothing to do with me."

Bischoff asked curiously.

"What do you mean? You say you don't like that child and you don't want to care?"

"It is literally. i don't like that kid But just because I don't like it, I don't want to perjure my heart that I don't want to care. I said I don't care because I don't want to care. No matter who Lian is friends with, I just want to finish this matter quickly and go to the palace."

Reina stuck out her tongue. Although she is her own sister, to the core she was self-centered. But this time, his personality seemed to work in Lian's favor.

Klump giggled like a boy. He enjoyed seeing each member of the family with their own unique personalities. Also, this must have been the strong point of Ogent, who had two bloodlines mixed together.

"Then, lastly, let's listen to the opinion of the sub-butler who must have watched the boy named Shirone the longest."

Temuran took a step forward. Lewis glanced away at him. He meant to stand in line. Family members, what can you say? But the most important person to the butler was his employer, Bischoff.

"Shirone has perfectly done what I ordered for 1 year and 6 months."

Louise's brow furrowed unsightly. You can't do something that can be done with just one word. That's why you can't avoid being a sub-deacon for 10,000 years.

"Did you know that we were friends?"

"I knew that he often went out with the youngest boy, but I didn't know that they were friends. However, in my short opinion, if he had been a child who had no discernment to the extent of being rash and reckless, he would not have been able to sort through 10,000 books."

Shirone opened her eyes wide in surprise. She never dreamed that Temuran would think of her that way.

Butler Louis asked with anger.

"So, are you taking Shirone's side now?"

Temuran bowed his head with a servile smile befitting a seasoned butler.

"No. I was also shocked that Shirone, a contract worker, was dating the youngest boy. I am just conveying the facts as a sub-deacon."

With this, it was safe to say that the judgment was over. Only Bischoff insisted on punishing Shirone. He had no choice but to change his mind, no matter how much he was the head of the family, if the family members spoke in unison.

Lian, relaxed, let out a deep breath. Shirone also smiled as she looked back at Lian feeling much more at ease.

But it wasn't all over.

"I can't admit it."

It was Klump's final decision.

"father."

"grandfather!"

Bischoff and Lian sang Klump at the same time. But the emotions in his voice were polar opposites.

"I understand that the two of you recognize each other as friends. But that ends here. If the relationship continues, rumors will eventually spread and you may become prey for other nobles. So I think that Lian and Shirone have built up good memories, and I think it's right to break up at this point."

Reina felt sorry for her grandfather, but had nothing to refute. Family affairs are obviously important. He saved Shirone's life just by saving it.

Clump met Lian's gaze, which was burning with hostility, with a bright smile. How can he not know the heart of his grandson who does not hurt even if he puts it in his eyes, he also has a duty to protect the family's honor. It was proof that no one disputed this judgment.

"Shirone, how are you? Thank you for teaching my immature grandson friendship, but can you let Lian go at this point? It is difficult for nobles and commoners to be friends."

Shirone, who was staring at the marble floor, said.

"It can't be."

Bischoff, as well as Raina, Lai, and even Klump, raised their eyes in wonder at the unexpected and bold answer. However, it was Lian who was more flustered than anyone else.

"Shirone... ... ."

"If I, a commoner, get in the way of Lian, it's okay that we never meet again. If you still have any doubts, you can kill me. But that doesn't mean you can't consider them friends. Lian and I are friends."

Tears flowed from Lian's eyes. They were tears of shame. In a corner of her mind, there was a thought that she was glad that Shiro did not die. Rather, it was he who lacked trust.

Having finally made up his mind, Lian raised his sword and shouted.

"I will declare it here and now!"

The faces of the family members were engulfed in anxiety. The case was different with Shirone. It was because when Lian was so excited, she always had an unexpected accident.

Anxiety was exactly right. Lian looked back at Shirone. And before he could utter a word, he turned the sword in the opposite direction and plunged it into the floor like lightning.

A long sword that penetrated the marble floor. Shirone stared blankly at his own face reflected in his blade.

At that moment, Lian got down on one knee and bowed her head to Shirone.

"Ogent Lian of the Ogent family will become Shirone's sword from this time on."

"What, you idiot!"

Bischoff forgot his body language and got up and pointed his finger. Lian's behavior was so absurd. Even Raina, who had taken Lian's side, looked ridiculous.

"Now you... ... Did you take an oath to be a knight?"

knight oath.

Nobles receive green salaries for swearing allegiance to the royal family, but if you go back in time, the royal family were just nobles of a certain era. Therefore, the royal authority can be overthrown at any time, and the loyalty of the knights is limited to the green pay and honor bestowed by the royal family.

But knight oaths are different. It was a decision to return himself to a single sword, and it meant that he would become the master's sword that would serve him for the rest of his life.

Nobles who oppose the king are traitors at best. However, knights who violated their knightly oath are not treated as human beings, but are also recorded in history as those who have disgraced the family of great generations.

only once in a lifetime. Lian gave such a heavy decision to Shirone at this moment.

Bischoff's stomach churned. Once the knight oath has been made, it is impossible to withdraw it. Even if he did not emphasize the weight of the knight's oath, it was clear that he would be treated as a lesser person in the world the moment he withdrew it.

"Lian, what are you doing?"

Shirone asked in surprise. But Lian couldn't lift her head in regret. For a moment she was shaken. Compared to Shirone, who risked his life to protect the name of his friend, he could only say what he had done.

"how? Can't you take it off or beat it now? We will go all the way."

Compared to Shirone's determination, the knight's oath was insignificant. Lian drew his sword with a satisfied expression and looked around at his family. He had faces he had never seen before. It was like he had a major accident, but he was thrilled nonetheless.

Klump stroked his huge chin, lost in thought. He honestly never thought he would be this immature. Even so, the reason he didn't feel bad was because he resembled himself.

'Well, if you don't have iron, you have to be at that level. Heck.'

Klump asked solemnly, with his puzzling feelings buried deep inside.

"Lian, seeing you say you want to become a sword means that boy deserves it, right?"

"The garage is full."

"Then answer me. Is that boy's greatness the criterion for qualification, or your patheticness?"

Lian thought. Is Shirone great? Or is he lacking himself? No matter what he judged, he could not satisfy Augent. Why did his grandfather ask this question?

"Black does not judge. I just keep it."

Clump was satisfied. As Lian said, the sword does not think. It was enough to cut the most sharply in the direction the owner wanted.

"You are good at one word. Swordsmanship is a crappy subject. I feel sorry for your friend who got a sword like you."

"grandfather!"

Lian raised his ax eye and shouted. But there was no tension like before. It was partly because she had gone down an irretrievable path, but more than that, everyone was out of energy and didn't want to pay attention.

Clump finished the job as cool as his personality.

"it's okay. end with this Raise up your master, too. Shirone and Lian are swords that have not yet been polished, but they are not swords that will cut the master's instep. Please take good care of our grandson in the future."

Shirone silently lowered her head. Being humble here was rather damaging to the pride of the Ogent family.

"He is a good friend to me. Thank you for your permission."

"What did I do that he knew? Anyway, I heard that the contract is over. Wasn't she supposed to go home?"

"Yes. Your parents will be waiting for you."

"I'll miss you. However, since the two of them became lifelong friends like this, it would be sad to go back like this. Hey, butler."

"Yes, old man."

"Depart the carriage Shirone is supposed to ride now. Bring your parents."

"All right."

As soon as the butler answered, he left the mansion. It was something that had left his hands far away.

It was Louis who realized anew that the mindset of aristocrats was completely unpredictable.

=======================================
[15] The first step towards the dream (7)





Shirone chatted in Lian's room. He was called out in the morning and it was noon after he got down on his knees. It felt like so much had happened in less than half a day.

"Hehe, did you see our family faces earlier? Because I feel very relieved."

"By the way, Lian, are you really okay? I mean, that knight's oath. I wonder if you did too much for no reason because of me."

Lian's playful expression changed to serious. No matter how immature Lian was, he knew the weight of a knight's oath.

"Shirone, we didn't make an oath just because we were friends. You are different from your brother. You have the power to attract people. I entrusted my life to such a person."

Shirone felt Lian's sincerity. But she still hated being shy.

"haha! It's a burden. But if you want to protect me, how many times will I have to improve?"

"Ugh! Don't poke where it hurts. Because I know. Anyway, I was amazed at your courage. He said everything he had to say in front of his family, and even suppressed it. Aren't you scared?"

"Whoops, there's a special secret to that."

Shirone explained jumping off a cliff. Certainly, this story would help Lian's swordsmanship.

However, after listening for a while, this was the first thing Lian said.

"Jump off a cliff? Why do you do that? Aren't you stupid?"

"Bah, stupid?"

To hear Lian call you an idiot. Even if she was told that she was ugly by an orc, it wouldn't be as shocking as this.

"No, listen closely. I'm not saying you're going to jump off a cliff, just imagine it. You're not dead until you fall off a cliff. So, it means that if you focus on the present instead of worrying about the future, you will see a solution."

"Anyway, if you jump down, you'll die. Think carefully. If you jump, you will die."

"Ugh, that's it! I'm saying that if you can't jump off a cliff, you can't do anything in the end, you fool!"

"What, was that what you were talking about? Then you can jump as much as you like."

"yes?"

"For example, if I can save you by jumping off a cliff, then I can jump off any number of times. Because that is the duty of a friend and a knight."

Shirone blinked. He had a point in what Lian said, even though it was completely different from what he said. No, maybe that was Lian's way of thinking.

'You're really the opposite of me. It must be difficult to meet like this.'

While I was thinking about that, someone entered the room. Shirone's face turned red. Reina was sticking her head out and waving her hand.

"hi. The atmosphere in the camp with black hair was no joke, so I evacuated to our base."

"get out. I'm talking to the men."

Shirone hurriedly shook her hand at Lian's order to celebrate.

"What's wrong, Lian? How much your sister helped me this time."

"Hey, that's because you don't know. This witch must be... ... ."

Lian, who was about to curse out of habit, looked at Shirone and thought about something before shutting her mouth. Shirone and Reina. Reina and Shirone. The names of the two were alternating.

The friendly Raina walked over like a cat and sat down among the men.

"By the way, Lian was cool. It's a knight's oath before winning. I really can't stand you."

"How come it sounds like you're teasing me?"

"Hehe, did you find out?"

"Oh, just bang! What is my reason for coming here? Did I come to give you medicine?"

"Ugh! What do you look at this older sister? Since then, I have played the role of Ganja to the fullest. Serious talk is going on over there."

"What's more serious in this yard?"

"Actually, when Dad took Lai this time, he said it would be nice if he sent you too."

It was the first thing Lian had heard. Besides, she doesn't know if even Lai, who is a genius, will get a public official, so why is she going to the palace?

"What are you talking about? Can you give me a tour?"

"no. To get her enrolled in the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy. do you know The largest swordsmanship academy in the kingdom of Tormia. I heard that there are only 10 certified first-class prosecutors produced there for 200 years."

"What? What if they decide on their own without discussing that? Besides, now that I can play with Shirone to my heart's content, what kind of school do I go to? What about Miss Kite?"

"Master, the contract ended yesterday. So he went back to his hometown in the morning. He said he already said goodbye, didn't you hear?"

Lian looked back at the sword Master handed him with a surprised expression. Because of his sword, his knightly oath would have been able to show its own weight.

'Master.'

He was strict, but he cared for Lian more than anyone else. The reason why he meekly terminated the contract must have been that he wanted his pupil to grow a little more.

"But it is too sudden. What about Shirone?"

"No, so that's what I said this time, but I think he'd rather have you and Shirone enter the swordsmanship academy. you did that yesterday I heard that Shirone uses a sword better than you?"

"Yeah, but Shirone doesn't go to swordsmanship academy. There are things I want to do separately. Hmm, actually, I was thinking about it too, but now that it has happened like this, my sister should ask her grandfather."

"yes? Do you want to do it separately?"

Reina turned around, but Shirone didn't say anything. He honestly couldn't understand what was being said. She's getting her into a swordsmanship school? A commoner himself? It was a question whether there was such a way, but it was also a question why they were going to this extent.

But it was only natural if you knew the mindset of aristocrats. Currently, no one in the Ogent family thought that Shirone should not be taught anything.

Since the youngest son decided to become Shirone's sword, it is because Shirone's growth must be supported in order to increase the family's honor.

When Shirone didn't answer, Lian spoke instead.

"Shirone will become a wizard. He has no interest in swordsmanship."

Rayna was startled.

"what? Wizard? So, did you lose in a sword fight to an aspiring wizard? It's really pathetic."

"shut up! I know! But Shirone is a genius! Even if you learn swordsmanship, you will be much better than Rai."

"Ho! You mean that much?"

"Oh, no. how do i... ... ."

When Reina looked at her admiringly, Shirone couldn't find a place to look and lowered her head.

Lian was displeased with Shirone. What kind of woman in the world would cling to her if she wasn't shy like that? Lian thought the only breakthrough would be to use Operation Panty one more time.

"okay. Anyway, I'll make a suggestion. But maybe it's on the condition that you go to swordsmanship academy? Because he is a father who thoroughly exploits his weaknesses."

"Sheesh! do not know. I'll think about it."

Even Lian knew his father's personality to the point of getting tired of it. She could do anything for Shirone's sake anyway, like entering a swordsmanship school.

Come to think of it, I needed it for myself too. Lost with a sword to an aspiring wizard. After this, instead of Shirone's sword, it was a decision that he would become a lump of Shirone's burden.

The conversation between the three was interrupted when someone knocked on the door. The butler opened the door with a nervous expression.

"Master Shirone's family has just arrived. It was supposed to be served at the mansion, but there was an order from the head of the household to guide the boy if he wanted to meet him."

"Five! Shirone's parents? What are you going to do, Shirone?"

It wasn't even necessary to ask. Shirone's eyes were already fixed on the invisible front door of the mansion. His hips trembled, wanting to run away right away.

"Whoops. Bring it with you, Shirone. We'll be waiting in the living room. Please guide Shirone."

"Okay, lady."

Shirone followed the butler out of the mansion.

Until yesterday, 'Hey, hey!' Shirone was displeased with the sudden change in the butler's attitude. He seemed to be restless, afraid that he might get caught on a rock.

"Hey, you can just do what you normally do. It's not like I've become a noble."

"no! How could you disrespect the youngest son's master! Please don't say that. My neck is coming off."

As Shirone, who had to risk her life for a single book, she knew that feeling better than anyone else. But that's why I didn't want to be treated like this even more.

"Even if you make a mistake, I will never let you know, so don't do it."

The butler nodded with a moved expression on his face. For a commoner to become the owner of an aristocrat. To the butlers, Shirone was like a hero from a myth.

Anyway, Shirone didn't care anymore. No, he couldn't care. It was because a wagon had arrived at the end of the Great Jikdo that symbolized Ogent.

I saw two people getting off. At that moment, Shirone's vision blurred.

The parents I haven't seen for 1 year and 6 months are over there. Tears poured out of sadness as the events of staying up all night in the library while eating snacks passed by like a kaleidoscope.

My legs moved along with the drumming emotions. Without hearing the butler's shouts, Shirone ran to the iron bars of the mansion.

"mom! Dad!"

Alpheas Magic School (1)





Shirone took her parents and headed to the reception room. The eyes of the three people walking down the aisle were swollen from tears pouring from her front door.

It will take time to sort out your feelings. I don't know if it was because of Clump's consideration or if the meeting was getting longer, but Shirone was able to talk for a long time in the waiting room.

"Let's see, my son. While I didn't see you, your face was hurt a lot. Good job. I had a really hard time."

Tears welled up in Vincent's eyes again. She was a Shirone with better complexion than before, but from her parents' point of view, she just looked like she couldn't eat or sleep.

"What a hardship. He read the book and how much fun he had. How has his father been?"

"then! Of course I ate well and had a good time. Do you want to see how fat your mom is? You became so pretty that your sister was almost born. ha ha ha!"

"Honey, what a scolding sound in front of your son."

Shirone gave a pitiful smile. Her parents, whom she met after 1 year and 6 months, were much thinner than before.

I don't know, but I wonder if there was a way to properly feed my children worrying about my children day by day. Thinking of that, Shirone's heart was moved again.

Vincent suddenly became curious. At first, he thought something had happened to his son and was nervous enough to make his heart burst, but seeing Shirone relaxed, nothing bad seemed to have happened.

"Yeah, why did you call us? If you're done with work, you can go home right away. Could it be that they did not let you go?"

"Nope. It's not like that. It's just that a good opportunity has come up."

"yes? season?"

Shirone brought up a story that had happened. He had already organized the structure in his head, and the words came out easily. But he was so astounding from a listener's point of view.

Vincent's expression gradually turned to astonishment. To be honest, I couldn't hear Shirone's voice from a certain point on. I don't know what the heck my son is talking about.

Became friends with the youngest member of the Ogent family? But that friend took an oath to become a knight? Moreover, the family accepted that fact and allowed her to be her friend?

Every time I broke the wall of common sense one after another, it seemed like thunder boomed in my head. When the conversation was finally over, Vincent scratched his head in silence.

I know that you are a smart and deep child. But even so, this makes no sense. Maybe my son's mind is wrong? Could it be that he was delusional because he was so harassed here?

"Shirone, be honest. This daddy can do anything for you. what the hell happened to you? Who the hell made you do this?"

"It's true, father. Why would I lie like that?"

"yes! You are not a lying child. So tell me. who bullied you? Who messed with you!"

Vincent was genuinely furious. He was the one who encountered countless cases of commoners who became half-assholes after being wrongly entangled in aristocratic families.

Even Shirone thought it was an absurd story. But I couldn't think of a better way of persuasion than to tell the truth.

When I was struggling with my thoughts without being able to do this or that, the door to the reception room opened and the members of the immediate family of the August family entered.

=======================================
[16] Alpheas Magic School (2)





"Nice to meet you. This is the family head Bischoff."

Bischoff, the owner of the house, greeted everyone on behalf of them. Clump and Rai were missing, but Lian and Raina accompanied them instead.

Lian bowed his head to Vincent with a warm welcome.

"Hello, Father! Shirone's sword, Lian. He's going to be the best prosecutor in the world someday. Ha ha ha ha ha!"

"I'm Lian's older sister, Raina. I have heard many of you."

Vincent and Olina blinked blankly. Then, when the circuits in her head suddenly connected, she realized her situation and bowed her head.

"Oh, how are you! This is Shirone's father. How can high-ranking people come to this place... ... ."

"Oh, did you not hear what Shirone said?"

"Yes? What do you mean by talking?"

Vincent pondered what he had heard. All he could think of was his son's nonsense bragging.

"So, are you saying that is true?"

"Ah, maybe so. We should have come a little sooner. Anyway, that's what Shirone said. My younger siblings, Lian and Shirone, became a relationship forged by knightly oaths. That's why it was difficult for me to come here."

When Vincent finally realized the full extent of the situation, his heart thumped. His joy was only momentary, and fear set in. How could an innocent son have such a big accident?

"First, let's have a meal. I'd like to talk more about it later."

Bischoff finished his business briefly and turned around, as per his personality.

The family head's attitude was not particularly friendly. However, the mere use of respect by the second class of aristocrats to commoners was to reveal the feelings of parents who held their youngest son hostage.

Even after the family members left, Vincent stayed for a while. Then, as Shirone smiled and pulled her by the collar, she came to her senses and went out into the living room.

'You mean really? our Shirone? To the Ogent family?'

Everything was a question mark. All the questions were amazing. Her frightened Olina, like her girl, clasped her husband's arms. But even Vincent's legs were shaking.

Then, in a hurry, I came to my senses. If what Shirone said is true, she shouldn't show any more weakness. She has to keep this place for her son.

The meal, which was merely a reception, came to Vincent like a battlefield.



A variety of delicacies were placed on the table. Even Vincent, the hunter, had never seen food before. They were materials that Rayna had airlifted from the palace.

Seats were seated in order of rank according to the law. The owner of the house, Bischoff, sat in the upper seat, with Klumph on his left and Reina on his right.

Vincent, who was sitting in the last seat, realized it only when he saw the delicacies spread out in front of his eyes. When Louis the butler and Temuran, the sub-butler, were polite, he shrugged his shoulders without realizing it.

But I just couldn't like it. Considering his son's face, he should have finished the meal quietly, but his eyes widened when he saw the number of tableware that went well over seven.

Commoners, even if they rushed in with only a fork, there was no problem in slashing at least one wild boar.

However, the tableware in front of me was of different sizes and shapes, and there were even tools I had never seen before.

The meal started, but Vincent's family still couldn't get their first drink. The biggest problem was that the ladies-in-waiting were just standing there and not thinking of helping.

There is no need to act recklessly in the precarious psychological warfare between nobles and commoners. Moreover, as a commoner, his status rose overnight, so ridicule and sarcasm about him were mixed.

Bischoff put down the tableware and said.

"Eat. You don't have to follow the laws of the nobility."

"Ha, but still... ... ."

"I think courtesy is not an action, but a desire to show that action. Even though you are having a hard time right now, my family is feeling enough courtesy, so I hope you enjoy it comfortably."

Vincent was impressed by the family master's words. Whether it was his caring heart or the pride of an aristocrat, it was a great courtesy for him to care so much.

Then the maids' faces turned pale. The attitude of the Ogent family toward Shirone was genuine. He really intended to accept Shirone.

The embarrassed ladies-in-waiting hurriedly taught them how to use tableware. In fact, it's a problem because you don't know, but if you just know, what's so difficult about eating? The Vincent family, who realized with moderate notice, ate comfortably only then.

Vincent, who had regained his composure, was worried about his son this time. What the hell is this family planning on doing with Shirone?

I've been told what a knight's oath is, but that doesn't change anything. Shirone was still the son of a mountaineer and had no future guaranteed except for being cleverer than others.

Could it be that he has other plans? It was Vincent, who hated to suspect the person who had done him a favor, but would do anything about his children.

"Thank you for looking at my son well, but at the same time I'm worried. Wouldn't the Ogent family be the most prestigious family in Creas? It's hard to believe that a young master from such a family took an oath to be a knight to Shirone."

"haha! You don't have to worry about that. Shirone and I... ... ."

Bischoff cut off Lian's words.

"To be honest, I feel a little bit offended."

The tableware in the seat stopped all at once. But Bischoff continued his words without stopping his knife.

"But it is a knightly oath. In the martial arts, it is the pride and belief that has the highest binding power. If you feel uncomfortable just because there is a difference in status, I think it is rather a disgrace to Lian's pride. Therefore, we will continue to use honorifics in the future, so please do not be too hard on yourself."

Bischoff's words resonated with Shirone. Most nobles are arrogant and narcissistic. But because of that, the value of pride they worship is beyond imagination.

An aristocrat who has been regarded only as an existence that persecutes people. However, when I watched their lives and talked to them, they were also people who were moving according to their own rules.

"Cheuk, it's been a long time since our head of household said the right thing. It seems like he's going to die of loneliness because he's trying to send his remaining son away too, doesn't he? Why don't you just send it to next year?"

Bischoff did not yield to his father's provocations.

"Rai has learned the schema and has a high chance of winning a public official since he has mastered the Augent swordsmanship. Conversely, Lian has not even realized the schema yet. I have no choice but to put my hopes on this swordsmanship academy."

"Listening, you secretly take the side of the black hair. Cold black hair. However, youth that has not withered is melted in the blue blood. If you look down on the passion of the blue hair, you may face embarrassing things later."

Lian, who was munching on the lamb, gave Grandpa a thumbs up. Bischoff snorted. His father's playfulness really sucked.

"Whether it's blue hair or black hair, whoever succeeds is my child. And that's it... ... ."

Everyone in the immediate family put down the tableware and said in one voice.

"Ogent."



* * *



After dinner, Clump called the family into the living room. He was there to consult Shirone's business.

At the family meeting, Reina shared the news that Shirone was interested in magic, and everyone agreed. Both in terms of size and inclination, there were limits to swordsmanship.

As a result, calling Vincent was a good thing. Contrary to the friendly atmosphere of the meal, Clump made the announcement with a solemn expression.

"As you know, our family intends to support Shirone in the future. It sounds like you want to become a wizard, so why don't you send it to Alpheas Magic School here in Creas? Principal Alfeas has a long-standing relationship with me, and the school is also one of the top five prestigious schools in the kingdom of Tormia. It's a kingdom-designated institution, so if you graduate, you'll be able to acquire an unofficial license. In a word, you can become a wizard."

"Oh, sorcerer... ... ."

Vincent swallowed. The wizard was the crystallization of intellect and the ruler of phenomena. It was a very special job that had nothing to do with status, and once he obtained a license, he was a talented person among talented people who would be used anywhere.

In the world, there were savages who realized magic on their own, and commoners who learned magic by gaining the opportunity to become a wizard's apprentice. Such people could also become mercenaries or enter the association and acquire wizard licenses.

However, there were only a handful of cases like this, and for most commoners, being a wizard was just a job in a distant country that did not even appear in their dreams.

But, Shirone becomes a wizard? It is also said that you will be admitted to a prestigious school where you can get a license immediately after graduation. It was an offer his father could never refuse.

Olina was thrilled and burst into tears. Shirone hugged her mother like that. It was a heartwarming sight for anyone to see, but Klumpman's expression was surprisingly dark.

It was clear that entering magic school was the fastest way to become a wizard.

However, the problem was Shirone's identity. The magic school thoroughly allowed admission to the nobility, and the special selection was also to pick the stars in the sky.

This was not an easy task even for the second class, the Ogent family. In fact, at the magic school, not only the 2nd class, but also the children of the 1st class were all over the place.

"As you may already know, Shirone's current status does not qualify her to enter the magic school. Even if the family applies for the admission fee and textbook fee, there is no choice but to talk about the admission method."

Vincent wakes up from a dream. He must have been crazy enough to forget the reality because it was such a sweet fantasy.

"Oh, of course it is. I know. Yes... ... okay."

Disappointment was evident in Vincent's voice. There will be a sense of wonder. That a son recognized by an aristocratic family could not enter school because of the status passed down by his nerdy father.

"There is one way. No, it should be the only way."

At Clump's words, Vincent's head flashed. Shirone also paid attention to the story because it was the first time he had heard of it.

"Shirone... ... I want to adopt him as an adopted son of the Ogent family."

Silence filled the living room.

Klump's proposal was, in a word, about selling the child. Not a bad suggestion, of course. Because the hunter's son was transformed into the son of the Ogent family in an instant.

It was an unconventional treatment that would be unthinkable under normal circumstances. However, the reason why the lips do not readily fall is because of the problem of blood vessels.

Shirone can become a noble. But from that moment on, Shirone is no longer her own son. My son becomes someone else's son.

Vincent looked back at Shirone. He was a bit sarcastic, but his son's expression was still calm. He couldn't understand whether it was because he thought he would take it for granted or because he thought it was nonsense.

"Family meetings were held, but it was decided that this was the best course of action. One of my cousins ??is a spoiled brat who has no children yet. If you register your family register there, Shirone will also become a noble, so you should be able to enter the school as much as you like. Of course, I have no desire to take away my son. It is just a matter of paperwork, and the family relationship will not change."

It's just a matter of paperwork. Can I talk so easily? Everything in this world was a matter of paper.

I honestly had no confidence. Looking at Shirone, who was registered as the son of another family, he had no confidence not to be disappointed.

'Shirone, say something. What judgment should this father make? What do you really want?'

Vincent looked back at Shirone with a miserable heart.

Then, Shirone's brow furrowed. Vincent realized that it was because his father was frustrated because he couldn't answer.

Since it was a sensitive issue, everyone kept quiet, so Reina stepped forward and asked.

"Shirone, what do you think? Just registering the paperwork. You can become a nobleman and you can fulfill your dreams. Of course, we will always consider our parents as your parents. Nothing will change."

Shirone's eyebrows sank even more, and his eyes narrowed. Then he said it as if he couldn't understand it at all.

=======================================
[17] Alpheas Magic School (3)





"Of course it is nonsense. I am my father's son. I will never be adopted by someone else."

"Sir, Shirone."

Vincent's voice trembled with emotion. There was no hesitation in his son's tone. No, on the contrary, it seemed that it was unpleasant to even make him say such a thing.

Even the family members were taken aback by Shirone's determined attitude.

Of course, it was a difficult problem. But to answer so clearly meant that there was no conflict in my heart.

Unlike before, Klump looked at Shirone with calm eyes.

"Are you really going to be okay? This is a great opportunity to become a noble. Luck doesn't come to everyone."

"If I had to change my father, I would rather live as a commoner."

"Commoners cannot enter magic academies."

"Then I will not enter the magic school."

"If you don't go to magic school, you can't become a wizard."

"Then I won't become a wizard."

"Shirone!"

Clump jumped up with burning eyes. It was because Shirone's upright attitude was frustrating. Why is a child whose brain spins at other times so stubborn about an easy problem?

"Is it because of guilt? This world is not so easygoing. In order to succeed, there are things you have to give up. Or were your dreams so trivial?"

Just looking up at the gigantic Klump felt intimidating. However, Shirone, as always, answered calmly.

"Maybe it is."

"what?"

"No matter how great my dreams are, they are also inherited from my parents. My parents are the roots that nourished my fruit and allowed me to dream. The fact that I got the opportunity now in the Ogent family, that I was able to become a butler before that, and that I came to be able to read before that was all possible because I had the roots of my parents. The one opportunity given to me now is nothing compared to the infinite opportunities my parents have passed down to me. But now, denying that root and moving on by receiving nourishment from other roots is no different than telling me to wither and die."

The living room was silent. But a storm was raging in everyone's heart. Rayna wiped away her tears and Lian smiled at her with pride for her friend.

Clump's eyes shook as he looked down at Shirone.

'How can such a child... ... .'

The one who was misunderstanding was himself. Could she have been wrong in the first place? Even without someone's help, wouldn't this child eventually become a wizard?

big. no, infinite Even the honor of the Ogent family was only a passing opportunity for this child.

No one can catch this child. Until this kid catches it first.

Shirone smiled only after convincing everyone.

"I am grateful for the offer. But I can't accept it. My parents are the only two people here right now."

Vincent clenched his fists. embarrassed. I want to crawl under the sofa right now. What is it that makes you feel sad about that piece of paper? My son believes in himself like this. Parents who didn't do anything were just trying to feel sad about it.

"Shirone... ... Please accept me as an adopted son of the Ogent family."

"father."

Vincent closed his eyes tightly.

"Please adopt Shirone! please!"

No one thought of Vincent as an ugly parent. They would have done the same if it was a family problem.

"I understand how you feel, but I can't help it. How can we turn our hearts away when our son said this?"

"Shirone... ... Shirone is not actually our child."

"honey!"

Everyone's eyes widened at Vincent's remarks. However, it was Shirone who was more surprised than anyone else.

It wasn't just because of the secret of his birth. In fact, anyone here must have guessed. Even if you look at her appearance and size, Shirone and her parents are completely different.

However, the current remark was a matter of parent-child relationship that could not be compared with documents. For the sake of his child's dream, Vincent was really prepared to give up being his father.

"My husband and I cannot have children. Shirone is a child who was acquired by chance. As you have seen her, she must be a child of a noble family. He is a worthy son for me. If you become the adopted son of a noble, you will rather find your place, so it will never be a matter of denying your roots."

If you think about it, the words made sense, so the people in the audience struggled.

However, as if to break their thoughts, Shirone shouted with a sad expression.

"Dad!"

"Shirone?"

"What are you doing? How dare you say such a thing without consulting! You've never said anything like that before!"

"Mi-I'm sorry, Shirone. The reason I didn't tell you... ... ."

"Do you know why I didn't ask? Because everyone has one father. There is only one mother. How many parents are you trying to make of me? It's already six minutes because of my father."

Vincent was shocked. The two adopted, the two themselves, and the two who abandoned Shirone, there were a total of six. After thinking about it like that, he couldn't help but wonder what he was doing to his son.

"Me, I'm just sad that you gave up on your dreams because of me... ... ."

"Who gives up on their dreams? Opportunities come along in life! Do you know what it feels like to be abandoned twice by your parents?"

Tears welled up in Shirone's eyes.

Only then did Vincent realize. He was a smart and thoughtful kid, so he didn't know. That his own son is now only 17 years old.

"Shirone, I'm sorry! What has this father done! I will never entrust you to anyone else. I will definitely make your dreams come true!"

"Dad!"

As Vincent hugged her, Shirone finally broke into her father's arms, wiping away tears. how afraid you were How sad must it have been for a deep-seated child who couldn't even express himself?

The members of the Ogent family watched the rich man's reunion with delight. The person whose heart was particularly shaken was Bischoff, the head of the household. He was also a father who left his wife early and raised four sons and daughters alone.

Bischoff spoke quietly to Clump.

"I have no choice but to use my father's strength."

"You order everything from an old old man. How do you use your strength? Even the short-headed scholars' families stick out their tongues at Alpheas' stubbornness."

Clump groaned and shook his head. However, he seemed to have a corner to believe, but his expression wasn't as bad as it was.

"Then, as the head of the household, I must give you some instructions. Let's take a look at what is called a special type. I know you have an old debt from what I heard."

"huh! What is the one or two things that old man owes me? However, the problem is that he is not one to break the rules."

"Wouldn't that be?"

"haha. well? Isn't reckless tactics the magic bullet for a guy who insists on principles?"

Bischoff smiled silently. It was because it reminded him of his situation in which he was forced to take over the family head because of that reckless strategy.



* * *



Shirone lived with the Ogent family until the day Lian left. It is unknown whether he will pass the special screening process, but even if he does, he will be enrolled at the beginning of next year, so he has six months to spend with his parents.

At the front gate of the Ogent family, an antique quadruped carriage was waiting to depart. It was a carriage that took the family to the royal castle.

Rai rode first, and Clump decided to join at the halfway point after meeting Alpheas, the principal of the magic school.

Lian, who didn't want to part with Shirone, showed tears. Whether it's magic school or swordsmanship school, the completion period is not particularly set. If she didn't pass the graduation exam, she would have to go to school for years, so if she broke up this time, she had no promise of when they would reunite.

"Shirone, be sure to become a wizard! I'll write you!"

"okay. It's not that we won't be able to meet in the future, and we can come back from time to time. Stop crying."

"You will definitely be able to graduate! I guarantee!"

Reina said as she punched her immature sister in the head.

"Please think about graduating! I'm most worried about you!"

"Mr. Ooo! I will work hard too! I will definitely become the strongest knight and become Shirone's sword."

Shirone did not doubt that. Lian will be fine. Lian didn't have the same genius as Rai, but he had many things that Rai didn't have.

Reina said while stroking Shirone's head.

"Shirone, don't worry and have fun with your family for the time being. Grandpa will definitely get you into school. Because he doesn't talk nonsense."

"Yes. And... ... Thank you for your help."

Shirone said with sincerity. No matter how much he became friends with Lian, things wouldn't have worked out so well if it hadn't been for Raina's help.

Reina suddenly realized that she did not want to part with Shirone. He is 4 years younger, but the reason he doesn't look young is probably because he has a great personality.

"Shirone, after graduating from magic school... ... ."

Reina was about to say something, but just laughed. He was a 17-year-old boy with a bright future. When he goes to the magic school, he will interact with many talented people who are incomparable to before.

"no. Let's work hard with each other. You can definitely become a wizard."

"Yes. Please take good care of Lian."

"Whoops, don't worry. I even took an oath to be a knight, so I'll work hard even if I don't nag you."

Reina looked back at Shirone for the last time and got on the carriage. As the four horses stamped her feet, the window opened and Lian pulled her face out.

"Shirone, you are the best! When you enter the magic school, destroy everything!"

"you also! You must graduate!"

In this way, the life of a butler for 1 year and 6 months ended.

When I thought it was over, I felt a sense of sadness as if I was leaving home.

The great sword of the Ogent family, which made him feel intimidated when he first arrived, now felt like a symbol wishing him luck.

"Bocchan, let's go. I will take you home."

A carriage was waiting to pick up Shirone. Seeing it made her realize that she was finally going home.

Shirone bowed her head towards the mansion of the Ogent family.

"Thank you very much."



* * *



Alpheas Magic School.

Around noon, when class was in full swing, two elderly people were sitting opposite each other drinking tea in the principal's office.

A tall blue-haired man and a man with a gentle smile sitting hunched over looking at the window.

They were Mirhi Alpheas and Ogent Klumph, friends of 50 years.

The conversation between the two stopped 30 minutes ago. To be precise, Clump was waiting for Alfeas' answer.

no matter how long it takes Since it was Alpheas' turn to answer, Clump didn't say a word.

"No matter how much you are, I can't do that."

For an answer that came out in 30 minutes, it was an outrageous statement. But Clump grinned.

He dragged on as if he had made a difficult decision, but in fact he probably wasn't thinking about it. The Alpheas he knew was such a mischievous person.

"Whatever you are? Do you know how much I suffered because of you when I was young?"

"Chuck! It seems that you are in a hurry to hear the official predicate come out of your mouth. However, I didn't make a special screening to become a hole for the nobles. Many requests come in every year, but even the special selection has its own conditions."

"Hey, that sounds funny. It's a hole for nobles. But will it be different this time?"

Alpheas became slightly uneasy. The mischievous look in Klump's eyes seemed to bring him another troublesome problem.

"I'm not asking you to accept a guy like the dog chaban. Quite the opposite. My youngest grandson's friend is very talented. It's like seeing you as a child."

Alpheas's gaze changed vaguely at the story of 50 years ago. Come to think of it, time has already passed like this.

"If you're the youngest grandson, would you say Lian, who is immature and reckless? You look just like you when you were little."

"Quack! I had no talent, so I put him in a swordsmanship academy. Anyway, I'm going to tell you to take care of that kind of dog car class, and what I'm talking about is Lian's friend."

"If you're that talented, wouldn't it be okay if you officially entered school? I can't help but think it's because there's a problem."

"There is a very big problem. I am not an aristocrat."

Alpheas' eyes widened. It wasn't because he solicited non-nobles. It was because a brief moment from five years ago flashed through his mind.

"I hope... ... Is it the blonde, blue-eyed boy?"

=======================================
[18] Alpheas Magic School (4)





This time Klump was surprised. He always felt it, but he was a friend who knew how to play with people.

"They say that when you master magic, you gain foresight."

"Not like that. We had a brief relationship. Well, it's intense."

Alpheas introduced how he met Shirone when he was 12 years old. Then Clump told me the story of how he came into the Ogent family after that.

"Arian Shironera."

Alpheas was silent again. But this time it was really thoughtful.

"Why don't you take it? Could this also be fate?"

"Fate is just a play on words. The future of humans is pioneered by humans. If you think about bringing it together, is there anything that isn't destiny?"

Doesn't work this time either. Clump smacked his lips.

But at the same time, it was heartbreaking. It was because I could guess the feelings of a friend who couldn't make a decision even after discovering a good talent.

"Still... ... Are you unable to forgive yourself?"

Alpheas was speechless.

"Isn't that the reason why the special screening was held despite the dissensions of the nobles? You've done enough. It has produced many talented people. Stop forgiving yourself now."

"Heh heh heh, forgiving yourself is arrogance. I'm the one who threw the precious talent bestowed by God into the trash. Not to be forgiven. I hope that such a person will never appear again."

Clump sighed. He is a certified 4th class wizard and serves as the principal of a prestigious school, but this is not the end of a friend. he was a genius If it hadn't been for that day.

"Quack. Well, at the time, you were unlucky even when I saw you as a friend. The light of the Mirhi family. A genius who might come out in 100 years is now an old school principal. Life is so fleeting."

Alfeas was in a good mood even with the vicious words that pierced her heart, wondering if she would embrace the pain as if she were a child when she got older.

"Chuck! On the other hand, heaven helped you. That idiot with no talent is a certified level 3 swordsman. I am worried about the future of Tormia Kingdom."

The two of them laughed heartily. It was safe to say that Klump had won in the battle between talent and hard work and his natural enemies. Alpheas was proud and respectful of such a friend.

"This is what I think when I get old, but genius is just an illusion. Just doing something a little better. Will the boy be able to comfort me?"

"That's it, don't you know better?"

Alpheas smiled and walked to the window. Does it come like this in the end? Does it mean that his talent, which had to be let go due to the barrier of his status, bypassed the time of five years and reappeared in front of him?

I believed there was no destiny in the world. The future of human beings can only be pioneered by human beings.

But Alpheas suddenly got goosebumps. maybe really... ... What do you mean fate?

"I'll have Shirone enrolled."

learn magic (1)





Spring has arrived. Flowers were also in full bloom in the garden of Vincent's cottage.

For six months after her admission to the magic school was confirmed, Shirone spent a good time with her parents.

When I go to school, I live in a dormitory, so I wanted to do as many things as possible with my family.

After going to the woods with my father, when I returned home, I had a delicious dinner prepared by my mother and chatted.

Vincent did not tell anyone about Shirone's success. He wanted to shout loudly at his friends who ignored him because he had a weak son, but he didn't want to embarrass Shirone by making useless enemies.

Shirone was grateful for such a father. The reason why the Ogent family stubbornly refused even the offer to rent a house in the city was the parents' heart not to burden their children.

The happy days flew by, and finally the day of entering the magic school arrived.

While Temuran, the sub-butler, waited outside leading the carriage, Shirone said goodbye to her parents.

"Father, I will go. I will write letters often."

"Yes, my son! work hard! Come on, kiss!"

When Vincent pursed his lips, Shirone's smile hardened. No matter how young she looked, kissing her father at the age of 18 was a bit embarrassing.

"Father, no matter what, kiss me now."

"Ugh! Otherwise Dad will!"

"Ugh."

As her father approached with thick lips, Shirone shrank. However, Vincent passionately kissed Shirone's forehead, not his lips, and hugged her back.

"Shirone, I am proud of you."

As soon as she was held in Vincent's arms, Shirone felt that even the slightest bit of anxiety in her heart had disappeared.

"I'm coming."

As he left the house with a greeting like no other, Temuran was waiting in front of the stable.

"Get on. I was ordered to drive you to school."

"thank you."

The two of them were silent until they arrived at school. It was true that the position was reversed in just two years, so it was uncomfortable.

But Shirone hadn't forgotten. That he had taken his side despite the checks from Deacon Lewis.

Arriving at the main gate of the magic academy, Temuran politely dropped off Shirone. He was a place where nobles went, so he had no choice but to care about the attention of others.

"You will pay for the textbooks, including the admission fee, through me. Don't worry about the financial part, you just study hard."

Shirone was equally polite to Temuran.

"Sub-deacon, thank you so much."

"I just do what I have to do."

"But I haven't said goodbye yet. Thanks to you looking at me well, I was able to enter the magic school. I will never forget this grace."

Temuran thought for a moment and then said.

"No matter how much a commoner runs and jumps, he is still a commoner. You can't go beyond the nobility."

When Shirone raised his head, Temuran continued to speak with a serious look in his eyes.

"But this opportunity is not given to just everyone. Probably many nobles will look down on you. Even so, be patient and patient. As long as you can endure it to the end, there is an end in the end."

It was an advice typical of Temuran who was born in an orphan and even became a sub-deacon. The truth lies in the simple. If you can endure it to the end, there is an end in the end.

"thank you. I will definitely become a wizard."

Temuran laughed. It was the first time he saw his smile in the two years we've been together.

"If you are ready, follow me. Bocchan is listed as a guest of the Ogent family and has entered the special screening process. Let me introduce you."

At the main gate of the magic school, there were guards just like they did six years ago. I don't know if it's the same as the guard who chased Shirone out like an insect, but even if the person changes, the philosophy of the place will remain the same.

"What are you doing?"

"This is Shirone-sama, who entered the magic academy this time. Here is your admission certificate and documents proving your identity in the Ogent family."

The security guard who checked the admission certificate did not even dare to look at the ID card.

It was because it was clear that they were people of a much higher position than themselves as long as they could cross this threshold anyway.

"Ah, that's right. It's an honor to meet you. My name is Marco, who is in charge of guarding the front gate. I wish you well in the future."

As the guard bent down, the guard standing next to him raised his right arm on his stomach and saluted.

Shirone was dumbfounded at the treatment, which was different from six years ago, but soon realized the reality and smiled.

"Then I will go. If you ever need anything, look for me."

After receiving the documents from Temuran, Shirone took her first steps as a student at the Magic School.

The moment I crossed the threshold of the front gate, my heart was pounding. Alpheas Magic School, called the cradle of geniuses. What will you learn and who will you meet?

Sorceress Shirone's life had just begun.



* * *



The magic school was using the entire 75.425 square kilometer mountain area. There are a total of 22 buildings and 40 basic training grounds alone.

The total number of students was 420 and the number of teachers was 32. With a scale of this size, it could be said to be the best school in the kingdom, both in name and reality.

When I entered the building where the reception desk was located, neat and beautiful students were walking around in groups of twos and threes.

Various maps, establishment history, and curriculum were attached to the walls. While waiting after submitting the documents, Shirone spent her time going through them.

Alpheas Magic School adopts a system called Class Ten. Ten to eight classes were the basic classes, seven to four classes were the advanced classes, and three to one classes were the senior classes.

The only graduating class that applied relative evaluation had a maximum of 30 students, and only 10 of them were graduates.

Shirone stuck her tongue out at Alpheas' strict graduation method. He was talking about 20 talented people being weeded out every year, given the fact that graduate tests only happen once a year.

"You are Shirone."

Alfeas, the head of the magic school, personally visited Shirone.

Shirone was taken aback by the fact that he hadn't changed at all from six years ago. However, considering that this is a magic school that destroys common sense, it was not so surprising.

"hello. This is Shirone."

"I think we are old friends? Do you remember me?"

There's no way I can't remember It was the incident that made Shirone dream of becoming a wizard for the first time in her life.

"Yes. At that time, I was really grateful."

"yes. Anyway, let's talk about it gradually, let's go for now. I have to take the entrance test."

Shirone was taken aback when he was told that he would have to take an exam as soon as he entered school. What kind of test is she doing when she hasn't learned anything yet?

"Nothing to worry about. It's an evaluation to determine the class. Can you do Spirit Zone?"

"Yes, I can."

"Ho! I see."

I knew he was a gifted and smart kid. But even so, it was difficult for her to master the Spirit Zone by herself.

Actually, it was Alfeas himself who taught Shirone the Spirit Zone, but I never thought that a 12-year-old child would succeed after one attempt.

That thought was still the same today. It was for this reason that Shirone was the last to be admitted among the new students.

As there are many families who have been trained in magic since birth, there were many students who were not even 10 years old. No matter how old he was, he was no older than 14.

Therefore, the time was adjusted so that the 18-year-old Shirone would not lose face.

'I should teach you from the basics. It's partly because my eyes are dark, but it's a waste. I wish I had started a little earlier.'

Alpheas guided Shirone to the test site. Even if he arrived now, the other children's tests would be in full swing, so his gait was leisurely.

When I entered the building with the intention of giving her a tour, Shirone's mouth fell open. It was a completely different world from what I had seen so far.

Countless students were using magic. Even though it was a basic class building, the children's extraordinary stunts disturbed the eyes.

A girl floating on the 4th floor was talking with a friend through a window, while a child was reading three books at the same time with three books spread in the air.

Alpheas looked sideways at Shirone's reaction and laughed like a mischief. Because from now on, it was on a different level.

When I entered Class 7, the age of the students rose dramatically. He didn't use strange magic like children, but his eyes were full of intelligence and he was so engrossed in the conversation that he didn't know who was passing by.

"Enough convective energy to bring the atmosphere below freezing? Wouldn't it be more efficient to condense the refrigerant?"

"However, it has the disadvantage of not being able to promote a reversible reaction. How about something like this? If instead of reversing the direction of the energy, we rotate the time axis... ... ."

Shirone was terrified when he heard the students' conversation. He had no idea what the discussion was about.

At that moment, an intense noise was heard from the end of the hallway. As the door was ripped open, the female student covered her ears and ran out.

The students looked back with a surprised expression for a moment, but quickly went back to their daily routine. Judging from the reaction, it seemed that this was a common occurrence here.

The deaf female student found Alpheas and exclaimed happily.

"Ah, Headmaster! hello!"

"Heh heh, yes. It seems there is a problem."

"It's a sound amplification experiment, but there must have been an error in the output circuit. I think we need to redo the design."

"It is important to balance input and output. The key is to keep the electrical power even."

"Yes, I will try again."

The female student adjusted her glasses and entered the laboratory. Children of the same age were having a discussion in a strange magic circle.

Shirone realized how small a well she had been confined to. Everyone looked like geniuses.

On the bulletin board, the grades of 270 students in the advanced class were written down. There were 42 students listed in Class 4, the highest in the advanced class, and the first place was named Karmis Amy.

'Wow. As expected, the Karmis family is number one.'

Based on her experience working for the Ogent family, Shirone had memorized at least a few famous noble families. If it was Karmis, it was the 1st rank of the aristocrats who had their home in the city of Creas.

However, Shirone did not get scared from the start. Literally infinite competition. I want to compete. He wanted to challenge himself to see how far he could go.

"Hey, Amy! Go with me!"

Shirone turned her head. He said it was Amy. It was an opportunity to see first place in Class Four. Red-haired beautiful girl hugging her book and waiting for her friend.

"what?"

Shirone's heart suddenly jumped. trauma. Emotions took precedence over memories. After a while, I remembered who she was.

It was the girl who bullied him in the back alley six years ago.

=======================================
[19] Learn magic (2)





'Oh, how could this be! Why is that child here?'

As Amy and her friend walked side by side, Shirone turned her head. She was a bummer if she ever remembered herself. Because she knows she's not noble.

'Please pass by. Just pass by.'

The two girls passed by without showing any sign.

Shirone let out a sigh of relief, but that was a hasty judgment coming from not knowing the woman.

"Did you see the kid who just passed by? Is that the new Ann? You're too old for a freshman, are you a transfer student? It was completely my taste."

Even after listening to her talkative friend, Amy didn't answer. Like Shirone, she also felt something strange about her.

But it wasn't even traumatic. She couldn't easily think of Shirone, who had done countless mischievous things in her back alley.

"Hmm, that's strange. I'm obviously familiar with it. Where did you see it?"

"What, are you interested in him? You haven't given a man a glance until now."

"no. Where did you really see it?"

"Don't lie! Don't let this be honest. did you fall in love Are you in love?"

"Oh, it's not really."

At the persistent questioning, Amy accelerated her steps. As her friend walked faster, she and Amy started running. The boys around her looked at Amy with her happy face.

Only Shirone knew that she, who was revered as a goddess at Alpheas Magic School, was once a rogue who dominated the back alleys.



* * *



magic school. 3 test site.

The huge auditorium had a floor as smooth as a mirror. Unknown letters were written on it, and not a single common chair was placed.

The only place where it was written was on the north side of the auditorium. Five teachers sat side by side at a table across from it.

Six children were waiting for their turn and taking the test, most of them under the age of 10.

"The test is not over yet. It just went well. Watch what they do."

Shirone went to where the test was being conducted. The children, who had been concentrating while waiting for their turn, looked at Shirone in puzzlement.

Traditionally, the 3rd exam hall, which tests the spirit zone, only takes the entrance exam, except for special cases. However, Shirone's age was too old to be a freshman.

Alpheas told Shirone that the letters engraved on the floor conveyed special information when entering the zone. According to what they see there, the teachers check the size, strength, flexibility, and tendency of the spirit zone.

"Yes, Chemie. Can you use magic?"

"I can levitate things."

Examiners did not check individually. Even if he bluffed at the school he entered to learn, in the end it would only cost him himself.

"I see. Shall we go into the Spirit Zone now?"

Chemie entered the spirit zone while receiving the gaze of the judges. The teacher sitting to her right watched intently, resting his chin on the back of his hand. He was a clean-looking man with thick double eyelids and an all-back hair.

"What number is the furthest you can see?"

"Six."

"Ohh! 6."

The man admired and wrote the numbers on the paper. It means that the diameter of the spirit zone is 6 meters. If the number of incoming students was this large, it was at least the level to enter class 9.

It was the turn of the elderly teacher sitting next to me to ask a question. With fine wrinkles all over his head and forehead, he habitually raised his eyes wide open, which made him look like an owl.

"What color do you feel the most vivid?"

"Well... ... I feel like I have entered the red world."

"It is red. It's kind of divergent. It is understandable that he has a wide zone for his age."

The teachers nodded at the old man's words. Teachers 3 and 4 also asked questions about their field of study.

The question of whether the giant tower is standing on the right or the left was to find out whether the brain was mainly used in the right hemisphere or the left hemisphere, and the question of how many balls were shaking around was a question to measure the density of the zone.

"What temperature do you feel right now? Is it hot or cold?"

The last teacher to ask a question was a young woman. She had savagely thin eyebrows, and the long corners of her eyes made her look cold, but she was attractive enough for her appearance.

"Well... ... I think it's a little hot. I sweat too."

It was said that if you feel the heat, the shape of the spirit zone is variable. However, it was a problem that could not be said to be good or bad because the durability decreased the more it did.

In this way, the remaining students were tested in turn. The teachers looked satisfied, probably because the level was quite high.

When a child called the number 12, even the principal, Alfeas, couldn't help but admire it.

After all the students finished the test, it was Shirone's turn. Alpheas gently pushed the nervous Shirone on the back and led him to his teachers.

"Now, don't be afraid to show off your skills."

"Yes, I will try."

Shirone was not burdened. From the time he came here, he was determined to study from the basics.

When the tall boy entered, the judges took a close look at Shirone. He was a special selection student whom the principal announced in advance.

In the resume, the unique status of being a guest of the Ogent family was described, and it was written that there was a high possibility of development in the special details.

Sometimes there are children like this. A child who accidentally opens up his abilities when he gets older.

However, this is a magic school called the cradle of geniuses. No matter how much they say they are geniuses outside, there are countless children who end up becoming inferior students when they come here. Therefore, the teachers did not have any expectations.

A man with white hair sitting on the right asked a question in a sullen voice. Sade, the fire mage. The only thing he was interested in was women.

"Aryan Shirone. You are 18 years old. Can you use magic?"

"Nope. I haven't learned magic yet."

"okay. Even if you don't learn anything, you should be able to do a few things."

Sade's tone was mixed with sarcasm. Of course, there was truth in what he said. The spirit zone acts like a passageway that brings the knowledge in your head into reality.

Therefore, noble children who studied various knowledge from a young age often practiced simple magic alone.

However, it was impossible for Shirone, who did not have the opportunity to learn his studies. Knowing such a shortcoming, I set aside other things and hung my neck on the spine of knowledge, but anyway, it was true that the knowledge that could be applied to magic was shallow until now.

"like. Let's take a look. Stand in the circle over there and do the Spirit Zone. Ah, you can do Spirit Zone, right?"

I was thinking of questioning the morality of the principal if I had entered through the special screening process without even getting into the spirit zone.

Fortunately, Shirone nodded and headed toward the circle, so there was no reason to be suspicious.

Shirone closed her eyes and concentrated. As the ego faded, countless senses stretched out.

'wow... ... .'

Upon entering the zone, Shirone was overwhelmed by the amount of information. It was as if I had fallen into a world of another dimension.

Most of the information in topological space is blocked. All I could feel was the interaction of the magic letters carved into the floor.

"What number is the farthest you can see?"

Numerous numbers were idling. Shirone paid attention to the number that could be seen the farthest. Since it was through synesthesia, not vision, it didn't matter whether they had eyesight or not.

However, Shirone did not answer.

"Shirone, how many numbers can you see far away?"

Despite Sade's urging, Shirone's mouth did not open. Teachers thought he was shy. He saw the skills of young children, so it was natural for him to be intimidated.

Alpheas spoke in a benevolent voice.

"Shirone, you just have to be honest. It's not about ranking, it's about finding an educational method that's right for you."

Shirone said in a confident voice.

"there... ... I can see the numbers, but they are too long to read."

"You can't read? Are you saying you can't see it?"

"Nope. I can see it, but it's too long. It is still getting longer."

Sade was annoyed. A magic phrase that calculates the size of a zone only passes integers. He felt ashamed to reveal his lack of skills, so he thought he was wasting time by repeating repetitions.

"Then, just say the number in front of it roughly."

"Um, 3.14."

The teachers' eyes widened. The number Shirone was looking at was pi. Since it is an irrational number that is not divisible by an integer, it extends infinitely.

The woman sitting on the left raised her glasses and shot at me. Shiina of ice magic. He was a teacher with a cold personality befitting his magical inclination, making him an enmity with Sade.

"Shirone, I'm sorry, but there is no 3.14 in the number we specified. Are you sure?"

Shirone frowned as if in trouble.

"Well. is that so? But I see it that way."

'It's real... ... .'

Shiina lied. Of course, the circumference was not recorded in the magic letters engraved on the floor. There was only one case where the pi ratio was floating.

When the area of ??the zone has exceeded the measurable range.

That means that the diameter of the zone that Shirone spreads out is at least 30 meters.

The measurement accuracy of the 3rd test site, which evaluates freshmen, was set quite low. This is because showing high-intensity scenery to young children who are not yet mature, or experiencing scorching heat or the cold of the North Pole may result in psychological shock.

As part of that, the range for measuring the diameter of the Spirit Zone was also limited to 30 meters.

However, no matter how late admission is, not many people have exceeded this threshold. Zones with a diameter of 30 meters or more were at least class 5 or higher.

The old man sitting next to Saad asked a question.

"Which color is the most vivid?"

"Um, blue. Everything is dyed blue."

The old man's lips pouted. A chatter began to be heard among the teachers.

If it is a blue system, it is a convergent type. A series that has an advantage in durability rather than the size of the spirit zone.

Even so, if the diameter of the spirit zone exceeded 30 meters, it was by no means that growth was slow compared to his age.

Alpheas was also a series of surprises. It seemed that I finally understood the reason for Klump's boastful words.

However, being a wizard by nature, he became rather critical.

I was thinking of praising it if it was a suitable talent, but Shirone was already beyond that level. It was also a half talent that had not yet reached the realm of magic.

This is dangerous. If you praised it too much, you could ruin your whole life.

Shirone answered the ensuing question. The development of the brain was bihemispheric, using both the left and the right simultaneously.

This was also characteristic, but what was really noteworthy came from the next question.

"How many balls are floating around?"

I didn't have to count because I was experiencing synesthesia. I could feel the number of balls all at once, as if something were touching my skin.

Shirone remained silent for a moment before opening his mouth.

"Overview of 867."

"867... ... ."

The teacher who asked the question muttered involuntarily.

Shiina, who had been watching with a cold attitude until now, also pulled up a chair for the first time and sat down properly.

John's density was a category that measured how evenly distributed mental powers were.

Sensing 867 balls meant that Shirone's mental power was filling the zone with a density of 86.7%.

Equal density means that the mind is stable, and if so, the probability of magic success is bound to increase.

=======================================
[20] Learn magic (3)





"Shirone, how cold is it now?"

Shiina already assumed that Shirone was on the cold side and asked a question.

As expected, Shirone gave the answer she wanted.

"It is quite cold. No, it's just cold."

Anyway, I couldn't feel the cold more than the cold feeling at the test site 3. Shiina nodded her head in agreement and wrote a general review.

The gist was this. It is convergent, defensive, and has excellent durability. However, even so, the size of the zone is abnormally large.

Shiina wondered if this might be the case. For more than four years she practiced her teaching profession, but seldom revealed her mental inclinations and her diametrically opposite temperament.

However, this was an inevitable result of Shirone's selection and concentration. Just as he only bought history books to overcome his lack of knowledge, repeating only the practice of the Spirit Zone in an environment where he could not learn magic was what made him have such an excellent base.

"Thanks for your efforts. You can now step out of the Spirit Zone. I need to hold a meeting to set up a class, so could you wait outside for a while?"

"Yes. thank you."

After escaping from the Spirit Zone, Shirone nodded and headed outside where children were huddled together.

As the doors to the exam hall closed, the teachers all started to voice their opinions.

"You are quite an unusual student."

He refuted as if he did not like THAAD.

"Isn't it rather well-balanced rather than unique?"

Shiina said.

"It is unique because it is so well-balanced. An 18-year-old boy who doesn't know magic has a john over 30 meters in diameter. Even though he is a convergent type."

"The larger the zone, the thinner the density. However, the density of this student is still 86.7 percent."

"I teach students how to increase density technically, but this kid showed this figure only on his own ability. If it is 86.7%, it is about the level of mental stability of a high priest practicing in the mountains."

The teachers were all praised, and Sade was even more offended. Magic is the realm of talent. Therefore, most wizards had strong egos. As such, sometimes I felt jealous of the students.

"Anyway, it's only at the student level. We will have to wait and see."

"What do you mean? What is the student level? This is a school where students go to learn."

Sade's face turned red at Shiina's cold voice. Even if her face wasn't pretty, she wouldn't have put up with this insult.

When there were signs of an emotional fight, the other professors kept their mouths shut. Sade of fire magic and Shiina of ice magic were famous enemies even at school.

Alpheas asked.

"So where would you like it to be placed? Speaking of Shirone."

Shiina was the first to comment.

"Wouldn't it be appropriate to be Class 5? I think it needs to be managed intensively because it has a high potential for development and has a unique disposition."

Sade objected.

"But you don't know magic, do you? You could put it on Class 5 and then get smug and go around thinking about it."

"Some students can be like Mr. Sade, but not all students are like that."

Sad raised his ax eye and stood up.

"Sensei Shiina! There is a limit to patience! To be honest, isn't Siani wanting to manage it himself? Because it's a dedicated teacher for Class Five!"

"What do you mean? The teacher says he wants to guide the students, is there any problem?"

"It's just that greed is too much. He doesn't know magic, and John's transformation is impossible. No matter how good you put it, Class 7 is appropriate."

Alpheas also asked other teachers for their opinions. Some teachers said that it was better to raise them step by step, starting with class 1, and some teachers said to hold off on placement for the time being and wait and see.

A teacher resembling an owl came up with a mediation plan.

"In my opinion, Class 7 would be appropriate. Because of my age, there is a concern that I will lose my motivation to send it to the beginner class, and if it is class 7, it includes basic classes in the spirit zone, so wouldn't it be okay? If Shirone really shows his talent, he might even get an early promotion."

Alpheas also thought he was right. In order to perfect Shirone's half-talented talent, it was necessary to further solidify the foundation.

"Then I'll let you know and assign it."

The entrance examination has ended.



* * *



Thanks to being assigned to Class 7, Shirone was able to set up accommodation in the advanced class dormitory where her peers stay.

Surprisingly, it was a private room. Since it was a school attended by aristocrats, it seemed to guarantee maximum convenience in terms of convenience.

Shirone's room was room 707 in the men's dormitory.

It was a simple room for a nobleman, but it was the size of the living room in Shirone's cabin. There was a bookshelf on the wall, and of course it was empty.

The staff who guided Shirone gave simple instructions. The class ended at 5:00 PM and after that it was free time.

Except for weekends, going out is prohibited, but the site is so large that most of the amenities are available on campus.

You can create and work on a research group in the field you are interested in, and if a certain number or more gather, you will receive a subsidy.

The library is open 24 hours a day in four locations in the east, west, south, and north, and as long as the deadline is met, the number of books borrowed is not greatly restricted.

Shirone was satisfied with everything. It was the best environment for studying.

The staff finally informed me of the contraindications. Except for the laboratory, the use of magic after work is strictly prohibited. In particular, if you study cheating magic, you may be punished.

A typical example of cheating magic was the necromancer's marriage magic, and among them was anti-magic.

Shirone asked why anti-magic was forbidden magic, but the staff just replied that they didn't know and left.

Shirone lay down on the bed and was lost in thought. He hasn't learned anything yet, so he won't have to join the study group for a while.

'I have to go to the library. I only studied history for two years, so I need to acquire a wide range of knowledge from now on.'

Shirone was confident. Wasn't he the backbone of knowledge created by suppressing curiosity? From now on, all that remains is for him to learn all the knowledge of the world.



* * *



Shirone was awakened by the sound of the piano playing. It was to spread the sound by etheric resonance, a type of sonic magic. It was a good performance to listen to, but it was not up to Reina's skill.

I already missed Shirone. Will Rayna be okay? Did Lian wait for her first class with as much trepidation as she did?

Unlike dormitories where men and women are strictly separated, the cafeteria was the only place in the dormitory where men and women could sit together.

Shirone sat in a corner and ate alone.

At one time, he was teased by the children of the slash-and-burn village because of his timid nature, but the students here did not care how others ate their meals.

However, the problem between men and women was an exception, so when a pretty or handsome student came in, everyone looked at me.

In particular, Shirone was the main interest of the female students because she was a new face and also had an outstanding appearance.

After finishing the meal as if running away at the sound of women whispering, Shirone returned to her room and took the textbook according to the schedule.

When I put the bag on, the weight of the book made my shoulders ache. Class 7 is also an advanced class, so there were a lot of things to learn.

Class was difficult. Compared to the aristocrats who went through thorough preparation and review, Shirone's knowledge was very limited.

However, thanks to the shallow and vast knowledge acquired through the spine of knowledge, I was able to follow through to some extent.

If you learned theory in the morning, practice was in the afternoon. In particular, the advanced class was conducted as an integrated class to practice the Spirit Zone.

The sight of 280 students gathering at the training ground and splitting into seniors and juniors was spectacular for Shirone.

"Senior, thanks to what you told me the other day, I passed the test well. thank you."

"Sir, this way! I have a seat here!"

Shirone, who did not know anyone, looked at how the students were doing. It was not uncommon to see an older student bowing to a younger student.

Whether public or non-official, when you enter society, your position is determined by your grade, so there are strict barriers between seniors and juniors in proportion to their skills here.

In other words, it was a microcosm of a magical society.

Of course, yesterday's juniors could become today's seniors, but there was no senior who couldn't treat juniors carelessly because he was afraid of such things.

Rather, he proudly showed off his status, as if he were asked to do as much as he could if he could catch up.

Just being able to enter the magic school is the same as verifying their talent.

It was an arena where such talents gathered and competed, so the difficulty of promotion was beyond imagination, and it was a matter of picking stars in the sky to catch up with the gap that had once widened.

Spirit Zone's teacher was Etella, a certified 6th-class wizard. Maybe in your mid 20's? Her brown hair was tied back and she wore large glasses, giving her a benign impression that made it hard to think of her as a wizard.

"Before class, new students came in. Shirone, get up and say hello."

Numerous eyes turned to Shirone. Among them was Amy.

"oh! Isn't that the girl you saw yesterday? I guess her name is Shirone."

Amy's friend Seriel said with a fuss. But Amy didn't answer. She must have seen a face somewhere, but she couldn't remember her at all.

"what! Senior, do you know him?"

A junior from Class 5 interrupted and said.

"This is a new freshman, and I heard that he was placed in Class 7 as soon as he entered. Teachers say you have great talent."

"yes? I like it even more. Where is the family's son-in-law? Don't you know your last name?"

"Damn it!"

Amy suddenly shouted. Seriel looked at her with her surprised eyes. It was the first time such harsh words came out of Amy's mouth.

"Amy, what's wrong?"

"yes? Oh no. Nothing."

awesome talent. Where's the family's son? These two keywords awakened her memory.

It was a boy I met in a back alley six years ago.

'He had talent. But he must be a commoner. No, even among the common people, the common people. But how did you get here?'

Shirone introduced herself in a calm voice.

"hello. This is Ariane Shirone. We got to take classes together in Class 7. I hope to go along well."

Students welcomed Shirone with applause. The seniors liked that the juniors came in, and the women liked that a handsome man came in.

However, there were also eyes that looked at them with disapproval. It was a well-founded resentment toward his future competitor.

After the introduction of the new students, Etella proceeded with the class.

"Come on, everyone. What is the Spirit Zone?"

"The wizard's spirit."

"that's right. The Spirit Zone is the spirit manifested in form. The first form is a sphere. Because that's what concentration is. However, its basic form alone is ineffective in practice."

Ethella went into a magical device called the 'Image Zone'. The same smooth floor as when he took his entrance test was spread out, and countless magic circles forming concentric circles were drawn on it.

When the smooth floor disappeared and a black space appeared, Etella seemed to be floating. In that state, when a spirit zone with a diameter of about 10 meters was opened, the shape was surprisingly clearly revealed.

'This is the image zone.'

Image Zone was a device that could not be made without a lot of magical engineering and a huge amount of money.

However, if you can see the spirit zone with your own eyes, the achievement of the class will increase significantly. It was not for nothing that Alpheas Magic School was one of the 5 most prestigious schools in the kingdom.

=======================================
[21] Learn magic (4)





Ethella continued her explanation while moving her steps comfortably, uncharacteristic of a person who has entered the Spirit Zone.

"Now, this is the basic form of the Spirit Zone. It covers all space equally. However, in practice, there are few opportunities to use the entire space except in special circumstances. Let me give you an example."

As Etella snapped her fingers, a target floated 20 meters away.

"A sphere 10 meters in diameter cannot enchant that target. You have no choice but to move it yourself or increase the size of the Spirit Zone. However, if you change the shape, this method is also possible."

Etela's zone lengthened in the direction of the target. The volume is the same, but the shape is changed to catch the target.

"When you change the shape of your spirit, the shape of the Spirit Zone changes as well. Then like this... ... ."

Ethella held out her hand and said.

"fire."

The fire went out with a bang and burned the target 20 meters away. The first class, the students, opened their eyes. Etella, who had been ridiculed for her meek appearance, suddenly looked great.

"But there is a fatal flaw with this method."

At Etella's continued words, the freshmen were embarrassed. It was because of the embarrassment that the previous demonstration was actually a bad example.

"John's form can be transformed in many ways. However, if you have to calculate the form every time in a real battle against seconds, that would also be inefficient. So the wizard patterns some shapes. Those are the four patterns of the Spirit Zone, the four ways of the Zone."

The concept she encountered for the first time made her heart pound.

"The first of four methods is the defensive type."

Etela's spirit zone tightened and transformed into a cube with 20 triangular faces. It was a rough shape, but from a distance, it was a shape close to a sphere.

"The base of the defensive type is the cube. It is to build a mental skeleton with a frame. The more frames, the stronger the durability, and it is a form that can protect as many allies as possible. Next comes the offensive type."

Etela changed the shape of the Spirit Zone. The spherical surface area seemed to decrease, and dozens of long spines came out in all directions.

"The aggressive type is called the star shape. Instead of reducing the central area, it stretches out numerous zones. Because it covers all directions, it eliminates the need to consider the location of the target and is useful when dealing with multiple enemies. Next is the target type."

The John of Ethella changed again. With her as the center, her spirit zone extends north, south, east, west, and forms the shape of her cross.

"The basis of the target type is the cross. It has the longest range among the basic types of the four-way type, and it has less firepower than the offensive type, but it can easily capture the target. It rotates the zone around the mage and captures the target."

With a snap of her fingers, targets began to wander around Etela. Correspondingly, Ethella pursued her targets with a keen eye.

"45 degrees to the side. fire."

Sparks were fired whenever the cross, spinning like a whirlwind, grabbed targets. The magic was cast simultaneously from front to back, left and right, and there was no error as if eyes were attached to the back.

"What you need to master in the target type is the rotation speed of the spirit zone. At the extreme, there is a straight type with the highest range, but I don't use it unless it's a sniper style. Because the mage is at the end of a straight line, turning is extremely difficult."

After showing three forms, Etella wiped her glasses for a while.

"The last breakaway type is to shift the center of the zone. In other words, it moves your brain."

Shirone did not understand her words. The center of the zone is the wizard's head. But how do you move it?

Ethella returned to its basic form.

After a while, the spirit zone started to move while maintaining the shape of the sphere.

After 10 seconds, the Spirit Zone completely detached from Stella's body.

Shirone was shocked. If John is the spirit of a wizard, what the hell is at the center of that John?

"This is the breakaway type. It is a special form among the four ways. If the spirit zone is all-in-one, the break-away type can be said to be all-in-one. The larger the breakaway distance, the smaller the zone becomes, and it is a method that is difficult to master to the extent that there is a separate wizard specializing in it. However, it can move the fastest of the four methods and is instantaneous."

Ethella showed the four ways in a row for the last time. It hardened into her cube, then sprung into a star shape, stretched into a cross shape, then returned to her sphere before John broke away from her body and whirled rapidly around her.

"Wow... ... ."

The students of Class 7 finally realized. The continuous transformation of the four-way method was not meant to be carried out in one or two years. The teacher in front of me was not a foolish purebred, but a certified 6th grade wizard.

"You will be practicing this four ways in the future. It is to perform the four forms repeatedly. Then, from now on, we will practice class by class."

Students were graded according to difficulty level. Shirone also took Etella's class with the class 7 students.

"First, let's look at the defensive type. Mages specialize in areas they are good at depending on their inclination, but it is better to constantly sharpen their defensive type. You can concentrate even on a chaotic battlefield, and most of all, you have the strength to resist anti-magic."

Shirone recalled the warnings she had heard yesterday. The staff didn't answer, but the question remained after that.

"Sir, I have a question for you. ah! Hey, can I ask you a question?"

"Hehe, feel free to ask any questions. Surely asking if I can ask a question isn't a question, is it?"

"Yes. Why is anti-magic forbidden magic? In fact, countless wizards are researching anti-magic legally."

"Hmm, let's see. There are two types of anti-magic. Sorcerers' anti-magic and artifacts. Do you know this?"

"Yes, I know."

"Antae Magic is not magic, but rather a spirit zone with special properties. That's why the efficiency differs depending on the wizard's spirit. It is different from Artifact."

"You say it can be dangerous if you approach it clumsily."

"Exactly. Accidents may occur if cast in a clumsy manner. A magician who majored in anti-magic only trains it for the rest of his life. Most of them are ruthless. Schools don't want to encourage you, who are still students, to do that."

Shirone nodded. It was nothing else but magic to destroy each other's minds, so it wasn't a subject to be studied in school.

"ruler! Then I will come back and perform the four ways."

The students of Class 7 each went into practice. Shirone also practiced the free form. The trick was to build the mental framework first and connect it.

After practicing for a long time, Shirone felt her spirit zone harden and opened her eyes. She couldn't confirm it because it wasn't in the Image Zone, but she seemed to have accomplished something.

Shirone's tendency itself was a convergent type, so he benefited from it, but it was an amazing achievement even taking this into account. He was a master of hard work, for six years he only performed the Spirit Zone.

"Wow! Look at that!"

At that time, classmates pointed at Image Zone and shouted. She practiced while the students of Class Four took turns, and now Amy was demonstrating a spectacular spectacle.

Amy was the target type. She was firing sparks as she twisted angles, her cross turning 90 degrees to the right and then 270 degrees to the left.

John's length was about 20 meters, which was an acceptable level for a target type, but the rotational speed of the shaft was unimaginable.

Even though targets came up from all sides, the number of fireworks fired from four directions was equivalent to a continuous fire.

Amy, who destroyed 120 targets in an instant, took the zone. Outstanding skills in a beautiful appearance. Her juniors looked up to her with her sparkling eyes.

"Is that senior Karmis Amy?"

"The face of the 1st class is no joke, and what's more, even the skills. If I can go out with a senior like that, my school life will be over."

"Arthur. I heard that there are more than 100 men who confronted that senior. Even so, you don't even look at me."

"What do you think? Karmis is a family recognized even in the kingdom."

After hearing the conversation between the children of Class 7, Shirone realized something new. How could a girl from such a good family be hanging out with bullies six years ago?

While thinking that, Shirone shook her shoulders. Amy, coming down from the Image Zone, was staring straight at Shirone. Naturally, the other students also turned their attention to Shirone.

"what? Do you two know each other?"

"not really? Aren't you the kid who entered school yesterday?"

"Aren't you infatuated? A person who doesn't even want to make eye contact with men."

Hearing the whispers, Amy hurriedly looked away. He made a mistake like this. But she honestly felt like she was going crazy.

To Amy, Shirone was the only one who knew about her immature past. She is, of course, she is still not mature, but since she started learning magic, she was the one who liquidated all her past.

'No way. I'm in my senior year soon, and if rumors spread here, everything could be ruined. What should I do now?'

Amy went back to her seat, but no one wanted to use the Image Zone. She was the number one in the advanced class, both in name and reality, so no matter who stepped forward, she would only be humiliated in front of her juniors.

Shirone thought this was an opportunity and went to see Etella.

"Sir, if it's okay, may I come in?"

"yes? To the image zone?"

Ethella tilted her head. Is there any reason for a student who has just started learning the principles of the square method to use Image Zone?

"wait for a sec... ... The principles are supposed to be used by advanced users first."

Ethella waited for a while. But she still didn't want to use Image Zone. She agreed in the sense of giving her experience rather than teasing expensive gadgets.

"great. It would be good to try beforehand. However, the target should not be raised. Because you might get hurt."

"Yes. I think it would be better to see the defensive image with your own eyes."

"yes?"

Etella asked what she was talking about, but Shirone didn't hear and left.

When I went up to the image zone, the seniors whistled and clapped. Rather than encouragement, it was clear that he wanted to see a joke, but Shirone didn't care and walked to the center.

Amy, who was drinking water, turned her gaze to the commotion. And as soon as she found Shirone, she squirted out the water that had been in her.

"Poo-wook!"

"Amy, are you okay? what's the matter?"

"What the hell is he doing? Speaking of Class 7, what are you going to do over there?"

Due to an unexpected incident, the class has become like a break time. But Shirone was seriously concentrating.

Upon entering the spirit zone, the sphere rapidly swelled. The moment she saw it, her breath caught. Overwhelmed by the image, Shirone unknowingly stopped expanding.

The noisy students were at a loss for words. The size of the zone was 20 meters in diameter. Given that the average diameter of Class 7 was 13 meters, it was safe to say that it was the appearance of a large freshman.

"Wow! It's big."

"huh. Does it become magic just because it's bigger? It's like air bubbles."

Shirone was embarrassed. Clearly, the frames that were successful before entering the image zone were bending like candy.

'Why not?'

Are you distracted by seeing the Spirit Zone? Of course, it was possible.

But Shirone didn't think he was that weak. It was clear that he had a problem somewhere fundamental.

'Oops! I see!'

If the four-way system is implemented in its current state, the Spirit Zone will inevitably collapse. This is because Shirone, a beginner, needs much more mental strength than an expert to change the four ways.

There was a shortage of materials to build the building. With a size of 20 meters in diameter, it was not possible to construct a frame as solid as steel.

'I have to raise it to the maximum.'

=======================================
[22] Learn magic (5)





Shirone concentrated even more. I didn't pay attention to what I saw through the Image Zone, and when I dug into the Spirit Zone, the large sphere doubled in size.

The seniors opened their mouths. The figure shown on the score sheet was 41 meters in diameter.

Considering that the average diameter of Class Four is 27 meters, it was close to the senior class.

"What, what? What kind of John is that big?"

Even Etel was surprised.

Of course, the size of the Spirit Zone can be increased through training.

However, mental growth, including enlightenment, must be added, not the physical asceticism of knights.

Since the body is honest, even if it is hard, if you train steadily, you will definitely get results, while the mind is a fight against vague illusions that have no right answer.

There are many wizards in the world who fail to achieve the desired result even if it takes their whole life and become frustrated.

It was for this reason that magic was the realm of talent.

'This is the first time John has been so superior from the start. He probably grew up contemplating the world and exploring his inner self from a young age. But now he's 18, is that really possible?'

Unlike before, Shirone gained confidence. As the spirit zone grew, I felt that the frame was finally captured.

Not even knowing that countless students were paying attention to him with surprised expressions, he was busy connecting the skeleton of the Spirit Zone.

'You can't be obsessed. Tighten all at once.'

Shirone bit his molars and raised his eyes. As they entered the four-way defense mode, a large orb squeezed Shirone as if to crush it.

To the people who watched how intense the momentum was, 'Wooddudeuk!' It was to the point where I could hear a groaning hallucination.

"Wow... ... ."

A moaning sound leaked out from somewhere.

Shirone mysteriously examined the four ways she had spread. He felt trapped inside a hard diamond crystal.

It was a perfectly interlocking shape like the cube that Etella showed off. The diameter of the zone is 13 meters. It was 30 percent efficient from 41 to 13 meters, but success was success anyway.

"I did it for real! The freshman did it all the way on the first day!"

Some of the seniors frowned as the gullible Class 7 kids made a fuss.

However, there were not a few people who expressed their liking equal to that number. Of course, most of them were female students.

Amy didn't belong to either category. However, seriously, Shirone began to annoy her.

why did i forget Wasn't the reason why he decided to learn magic because he was humiliated by Shirone?

'What is that bastard really like?'

It is not a school where you can enter just because you have talent. It was clear that he had met an assistant. who is behind it?

"Sir, the volume is much smaller than I thought."

"yes? It has no choice but to be. But the durability would have been much improved. It should be able to withstand physical shock to some extent."

Shirone agreed. The rigidity of the frame was clearly conveyed like skin. At this level, there would be no risk of leaving the spirit zone even if it received a physical shock.

Ethella scratched her eyebrows.

'I heard that I surprised the teachers during the freshman test, so the rumors seem to be true.'

Of course, you can't be full on the first drink. I admit that it is a great insight, but the reason why the defensive type was successful was because the zone was abnormally large in addition to the convergent tendency.

After belatedly realizing the people's reaction, Shirone returned to being a shy boy and returned to her seat in the corner.

Is it because it is buried in the gaze? She didn't know that Amy was looking at her with her intense eyes.

Cold Boy and Hot Girl (1)





Shirone was busy with various studies. By the time he reaches his senior year, he can choose a major, but until then he has to complete all subjects, so the range is huge.

The first class was a basic chemistry class. When I entered the auditorium of Class 7, the students were taking their seats. And a familiar face stood on the podium.

The authority on freezing magic, Olifer Shiina.

The second daughter of the Olifer family and a descendant of the Olifer school. She is 26 years old. A genius who rose to the rank of a certified 6th-class wizard with only the magic of freezing. the beauty of her face. coldness of character.

He was a person who made a strong impression on Shirone thanks to his cool attitude during the freshman test.

But surprisingly, it was popular with male students. With her beautiful appearance, her job title as a teacher, and her tough personality befitting her older siblings. It was an indispensable romance for students.

With her long purple hair neatly pulled up, she said while tying her horn-rimmed glasses.

"hello. My name is Olifer Shiina, who will be in charge of Class 7's chemistry class from today."

There was a burst of applause like fever. Some of them whistled or asked outright if they had a lover.

Shiina ignored their voices and opened the book first. Then, I gently raised my gaze and looked somewhere.

Shirone was creepy. Because she felt like she was watching herself.

I thought it was an illusion, but in fact, Shirone's feeling was correct. She's in charge of Class Five, and the only reason she took her time to open one more course was because of Shirone.

'Talent will rot if it is stagnant. It's better to get promoted as soon as possible.'

Once you put it on, it's a talent that somehow follows. By promoting Shirone, he planned to kill his rival Sade's spirit and protect his conviction as a teacher.

No matter what the situation was, the students were just happy to be taught by the most popular teacher .

"Teacher, is the rumor that you are dating Mr. Sade true? Isn't it?"

"Tell me about your first love. It's your first class."

"Please, sir. Please!"

As the students continued to complain, Shiina wrinkled her brows. Then, an ice crystal with a diameter of 30 cm was born next to her.

Sarah La La Rock! Sarah La La Rock!

The ice began to spin and grind, and snowflakes flew in all directions. The cold particles instantly lowered the temperature in the classroom.

At first, 'It's a bit cold.' The faces of the children who had been laughing hardened rapidly. As the temperature dropped endlessly, it finally froze to the point where you couldn't even move your mouth.

"Teacher! It's cold, it's cold... ... ."

"Let's start class."

Shiina came down from the podium and approached the students. As her ice rotation rate slowed down, the temperature rose. But she was still below freezing.

"What is the principle of the freezing magic that has been activated now?"

Shiina spread her palms and floated ice crystals on them.

"What is cold?"

The ice crystal shattered as I clenched my fist with a question.

"Coldness refers to a state of lack of energy. There is no such thing as cold energy. Therefore, the temperature can increase infinitely, but it cannot decrease infinitely. state of zero energy. We call it absolute zero."

Shirone frantically wrote down her words in a notebook.

"If you take energy from the atmosphere, you can create ice crystals. It's plain ice, of course. But what if we break it down into particles and blow it away with the power of the wind? Even simple ice, like a moment ago, can bring the temperature down to levels that are lethal to humans."

At the word death, the faces of the students turned pale.

"So how do we absorb energy? No, how do wizards use magic?"

Shiina spread her two fingers and picked them up one by one.

"Omniscient, omnipotent. Wizards cast magic through omniscience. The Spirit Zone aligns the wizard's spirit with the world. As such, within the realm, wizards have a deity position. That's why it's called omnipotence. However, that alone cannot activate magic. It means that the temperature inside the spirit zone does not rise even if it is said to be hot. You need the knowledge to raise the temperature right here. That is battery."

Shirone's head nodded. The reason he couldn't use magic so far was because he only trained for his omnipotence and lacked battery.

"In the future, you will encounter various studies with me and with various teachers. The Spirit Zone is only half the magic, and without a battery you can't be a good wizard. Then, we will start the basic chemistry class from now on."

Only then did Shiina turn around and start writing on the blackboard. She was a full-on class and her students' concentration was higher than ever.

'indeed. Just because you're pretty doesn't make you a popular teacher.'

Trust in the teacher encourages students' desire for achievement, so Shirone also took classes without noticing the passage of time.

There were words that were hard to understand, but I didn't mind.

The backbone of knowledge had already been completed, and from today, he intended to eat other studies in earnest.



* * *



5pm.

When class was over, students rushed out of the auditorium. Shirone also felt that his head was heavy and headed towards the dormitory.

The students who joined the study group were going in groups of threes and fives carrying lunch boxes. Shirone, who does not have a study group, was thinking of simply going to the library to solve the problem.

"What?"

Suddenly my body felt lighter. When I woke up to her feeling of floating, I saw that she was being quickly dragged somewhere with her feet floating.

The force pulling on my back brace was so strong that I couldn't breathe. It was truly superhuman strength and speed.

After driving for about 3 minutes, we arrived at the forest in the garden.

As the speed decreased, Shirone, who floated up with a bang, took a picture of the butt.

The shock was transmitted through the hipbone.

Coughing and breathing, he hurriedly looked up at the person who had brought him.

The assailant, who covered his face with a black mask, looked around anxiously to the left and right, confirmed that no one was there, and took off the mask.

"Uh, huh?"

Shirone widened his eyes. The identity of the assailant was none other than Karmis Amy. It shone even from a distance, but when I saw it up close, it was really beautiful with its straight features.

As if realizing something from Shirone's expression, Amy raised her hand and created a flame magic.

"As expected, my prediction was correct. Do you remember me?"

"uh, ah?"

"I would have been in big trouble if I had left it alone. I will smack her lips and make her dumb."

Shirone looked at the approaching flames without avoiding them. Unless you are a madman, even violence requires a basis and purpose. It was less probable to burn someone's face at school.

As expected, the palms stopped in front of Shirone's eyes. The flames had disappeared in an instant. She asked, frowning, intending to blackmail her Shirone to scare her.

"What are you? Are you really that coward you used to be?"

There was no sign of the boy who had been caught by the gangsters in the back alley, his face pale and his legs trembling.

"Does your senior remember me too?"

Amy grabbed Shirone by the collar and pulled him up.

"Who is the senior, you bastard! What the hell happened? You're a commoner, and you're such a country chicken! But how did you get here?"

Shirone didn't know why she was excited. If it bothered him that a commoner had entered an aristocratic school, he would not have brought him to such a quiet place in the first place.

"There are circumstances, but why did you bring me before that?"

"yes? Why?"

It was actually an impulsive decision. At first I thought of ignoring it, but I couldn't. Even if even a small secret is revealed, things get out of hand because it is uncomfortable, but Shirone had a large bomb that could end his school life.

"Be honest! How did you get into school?"

It seemed that the fist attack this time would not stop, so Shirone hurriedly confided.

When I informed him that he had been sponsored by the Ogent family and came in as a guest, Amy loosened his collar.

"Ho! A guest of the Ogent family?"

=======================================
[23] Cold Boy and Hot Girl (2)





Amy's head rolled again. winning bids with lies There was no way a commoner could enter as a guest of an aristocratic family. It was a conclusion made because he did not know about Lian's oath to become a knight.

"you. Didn't you tell people you knew me?"

"I didn't do it to anyone. What a good memory that is."

If so, Shirone is a bomb that never knows when it will explode. Going to school with a bomb like that was terrifying.

Amy came up with a trick. And she held her head up arrogantly and said,

"Are you Class Seven? Am I Class For?"

"I know, senior."

"Then, starting today, you will become my subordinate."

"Yes? Are you loaded?"

"You have your weaknesses. If I open my mouth, I'll get kicked out of school? So, be my subordinate in the future. You have to listen to whatever I have to say."

Shirone made an absurd expression.

"Why should I? You're a senior anyway, so if you tell me, you'll follow me, right?"

"To be naive. Do you think I'll make it that easy? I'll make you shed tears in the future, so look forward to it."

If you can't chase Shirone, you can make Shirone follow you. If you keep it out of sight and touch your ego, you will be able to see the intentions hidden inside.

"What are you going to do?"

"When class is over, buy bread and coffee and run to me. okay? If you spill even a drop of coffee, I'll make you come back."

Shirone had a good personality, but this time she was angry. it's bread Do you think you came to school to deliver bread?

"Ho-ho-ho! Then wait in front of the First Library starting tomorrow. Don't worry, as long as you listen carefully, it will be over in no time."

Amy patted Shirone's forehead and smiled.

Shirone was embarrassed. She wonders if this is really Amy called the Goddess of Alfeas?

"Oh right. And... ... ."

Amy, who had turned away, looked back at Shirone. The air around her began to spin as her hand soared. At the same time, Shirone's body floated into the sky.

"Huh!"

Tornado magic that creates wind by manipulating atmospheric pressure. It was a magic that had been helpless by Shirone before, but it was child's play magic to Amy, who is currently class four.

Shirone floated in the air and struggled. Perhaps because he was facing a crisis, he could see the ground much more clearly. Even the fallen leaves rolling on the floor were clear to him.

Amy's smiling face as well.

'If I fall, I'll die.'

The moment she thought that, Amy jumped up and grabbed Shirone by the back. Her throat tightened as her collar pressed against her breasts, choking her breath. When she came to her senses, she was already lying on her ground.

"Cool! Cool!"

Showing off the power of schema following magic, she shook her hands as if satisfied. She stopped practicing her schema after the age of 12, but it was nonetheless her transcendent movement.

"With this, the debt is paid off. Then see you tomorrow. Ho-ho-ho!"

As Amy smiled happily and walked away, Shirone's medicine went up. It was the first time she had ever seen such a hateful girl in her life.

However, rank was a gangster and skills were everything. Shirone, who had let go of his resentment, lowered his head and left the forest. Thinking that she would meet her from tomorrow, her eyes were already dark.



* * *



At 5 o'clock, the last class, the bell rang.

Physics basics class is over. As she packed her bag and left the classroom, Shirone let out a deep sigh. He's been ten days already. He's the one running Amy's bread errands.

I bought bread and coffee at the campus store. Compared to the donations from the Ogent family, the price was insignificant, but money was not the problem, it was a matter of mood. And that was exactly what Amy was aiming for.

"Why are you doing this to me? Because you made the mistake first."

It took a lot of concentration to walk without spilling coffee. Yes, let's think of this as a kind of training. It is to adjust the gait so that the coffee does not shake.

"How can that be! How long does it really have to be like this!"

Shirone was miserable in her own appearance.

"oh! There you go, innocent man."

"I guess I'll go confess to her today too. Really, that's a sickness, a sickness."

Girls passing by pointed at Shirone and whispered. The biggest problem was this.

When I offered bread and coffee to Amy, she gracefully accepted it and went into the library.

Rumors were already spreading among the students that Shirone had a crush on Amy. The more the rumor spread, the more Amy treated Shirone.

Seeing Amy persistently releasing her resentment from six years ago, Shirone's illusions about women were completely shattered.

"Hey! Here he comes, your prince."

"What about the prince? It's a body type."

Amy waited for Shirone at the main entrance of the library with Seriel. Her surroundings were crowded with students who took time out to see the extraordinary sights.

As Shirone climbed the stairs, the female students who were watching laughed and clapped. Shirone's face turned red like a carrot.

Seriel said with a pitiful smile.

"But it is a bit pitiful. I'm going to this extent, but why don't you just accept this?"

Amy's eyes widened.

"What? What are you talking about? Why am I accepting him?"

"Shuddering. To be honest, a kid who doesn't even look at a guy's eyes always takes the coffee and bread that Shirone buys for her. I hear there are some kids whispering that the Goddess of Alpheas is finally getting a mate?"

It was absurd. It was a strategy to stimulate Shirone, but it seemed that things were going unusually.

Actually, I thought about a week. However, for some reason, Shirone never once showed off her displeasure and always brought bread to offer.

'eww! I'm going to get entangled in some really strange rumors like this. I have to stop now.'

When Shirone handed over the bread and coffee to Amy, people erupted in cheers. Her sincerity in not spilling a single drop of coffee for the woman she loved was admirable. Of course, it was a complete misunderstanding and the goal between the parties only deepened.

"Senior, here is the coffee."

"Eight! What a bother!"

Amy raised her hand. The best way to undo an absurd illusion is to embarrass them.

I was thinking of hitting him on the arm and spilling the coffee. Then Shirone will be just like the many boys who have been kicked so far, and her strange rumors will subside.

"Who will bring this?"

As Amy waved her hand, it grew in the eyes of the students. But the expected tragedy did not happen.

Amy glared at her coffee and trembled her hands.

'I'd rather make a tea that I don't like. Idiot? Are you an idiot? Aren't men hungry?'

It was an unexpected remorse. But that was Shirone's strength.

If you have to do anything anyway, it's good to think positively. That attitude made Amy feel guilty.

"Hey, senior, here's the coffee."

I knew because Amy studied harder than anyone else and settled in Class 4. That the time he is doing now is too much of a waste for Shirone.

When I thought about it, I felt quite sorry. I didn't avoid men anyway because I was afraid of people's attention, it was just annoying. Despite the fact that he had no skills, the nobles and the snotty kids were not suited to his constitution.

'Think about it yourself. It's okay if it's not just me.'

Amy was handed bread and coffee. Then applause erupted from all sides of her as if she were watching her performance.

"Don't buy anything like this because you won't need it in the future! okay?"

"Yes? Ah yes."

Did this relieve her anger? Thinking she would never have to see her again, Shirone let out a sigh of relief at her.

However, as a result, Amy's remarks caused a greater misunderstanding among the students.

"I accepted! Amy accepted Shirone's heart!"

"They say you don't even need coffee. Are you saying you can just come?"

Amy went into the library as if she didn't want to respond. Seriel hurried after her, unable to contain her excitement.

"Hey! What are you thinking of doing? It would be nice if it was true, but did you really mean it?"

"Oh, I don't know! Think about it, yes. It seems that there is nothing dirty to do. It's enough for me to go to my senior year anyway. Tell them to play childish pranks among themselves!"

Shirone felt good as if she was going to fly down the stairs of the library. 10 days penance. To be honest, I didn't expect it to end so quickly. From tomorrow, you can go directly to the library without wasting time.

"Hurray! I can read one more book!"

Shirone captured Amy's heart. The male students who fell into such an illusion were watching with envy as Shirone ran.



11pm.

Amy closed the book and sighed. She never thought studying was fun, but she loved the library. She was much better here than hanging out with people who were more important than herself.

Even though it was near midnight, the library was still overflowing with students. They didn't care who was dating who. They were racehorses who ran like crazy only to achieve their dreams.

If you observe them, you realize that it is a waste of time to indulge in random thoughts.

However, she was still number one in Class Four and had no idea that she would be reversed.

Seriel, who was sitting next to her, turned her head.

"uh? why cover the book? Are you going in already?"

"yes. I'm a bit upset today Just get a good rest and wake up about an hour early tomorrow."

"yes? Then let's go together."

"no. You don't have to rest because of me. I'll see you tomorrow."

"Okay then. bye. Wake up early tomorrow."

Amy smiled and packed her bag. She attended her school for six years and Fortress Seriel, her only friend. He was a talkative boy like any other kid his age, but he was clear when he did. His grades also placed him safely into his graduating class, with a 6th in Class Four.

Amy liked Seriel, who enjoyed mature competition rather than clumsy friendship.

Amy, who inspired her friend to fight, left the reading room.

Except for the people on duty, everyone had left work, so the aisle was quiet. Students say that school has a dream, but for the employees, it was just a job to make money.

Amy went down the stairs, relieving her day's fatigue with stretching. Then she noticed someone standing in the dark on the landing.

Dark circles under the eyes on pale skin. His black hair covered his cheeks. Amy's face crumpled as she checked the man's face in the moonlight.

It was Ardius Jake.

It was the 2nd rank of the nobility, and the family head was the financial executive of the royal castle. It is known that the power of the family is no less than that of the first class, perhaps because of the peculiarity of managing the royal family's finances.

Jake's personality was arrogant and abrasive. But the real reason Amy hates him is that he's not very talented and he's a student who doesn't even try.

Although taking classes in the same Class Four, Jake was far from being at the senior level. Furthermore, rumors circulated that he was the chairman of a research society called the Black Magician.

In Amy's opinion, the field that Black Magicians research is how to bully students who are better than themselves.

Since it is not a research society approved by the school, there is no application fee. In a word, it was a dark circle where children suffering from inferiority complex bullied the proud students.

Of course, I don't openly quarrel or extort money. Since most of the students are children of high-ranking nobles, they will be expelled immediately if they behave like small people in the back alley.

Even so, it was clear that some students were active in some way, seeing as rumors were heard that they had been victimized by the Black Magician.

"Amy, today is over early. I was thinking of waiting until midnight."

"Why are you waiting for me? Don't you have anything to do with that?"

"Don't be so. I heard your rumors. Didn't you open your heart to a long-awaited bastard named Shirone?"

Amy rubbed her forehead and sighed. Are you insane now? She came to her library, not anywhere else, and she was talking about such pitiable things.

Jake handed me a cup of coffee with a grin. Amy could tell just by her scent. It was civet coffee, popular among nobles.

"It's warmed up. Amy in the world deserves this much. Should I dirty my mouth with crappy coffee?"

Amy looked at the coffee and raised her head in bewilderment.

"What are you doing?"

"As you can see, they are courting. You are well aware of our family's power, and I will be in charge of the capital's finances, following in my father's footsteps. Couldn't I be the right man for you?"

"I'm sorry, but I don't do private chatter in the library. So you're at the wrong place and at the wrong time. Oh, I forgot the most important thing, but people are also wrong. i hate you So let's be careful so that this doesn't happen in the future."

Amy stepped aside and went down the stairs. Then Jake hit the wall and blocked the way.

"What are you doing?"

"I guess I was being too gentle. I also have a family face, but it's troublesome if it's like this. Are you the same? Aren't you studying hard so as not to disgrace the Karmis family? We have the same concerns."

Amy snorted. No matter how well-known the Ardius family was, it was not Karmis who would recklessly go up and down with their children. Most of all, I didn't like the way Jake talked.

"On the subject of a mistress who counts money."

"what?"

"My family believes in living while doing what we want to do, right? It is qualitatively different from you, who thinks that counting money because of your father is a great boast."

Jake's eyes had veins. He couldn't treat himself carelessly even if he was of the first rank.

My father is the royal financial executor. The world ends with money. It was Amy who ran amok without immaturity.

"Is the Karmis family that good? How many people are in the first class only in words, but are in power in active service? With the power of our family, we can kill Karmis with money. how is it? If you don't believe me, why don't you try it?"

Amy felt Jake's turbid energy and was thrilled. He was a man who could endlessly bully others for his own gain. He finally realized why he was upset all day.

"Whoa. thanks i got it Why did you get coffee?"

"what?"

"You are different from Shirone. In a word, he is a coward."

"haha! That I'm more of a coward than that poor bastard? Can you check it out right now?"

"I'm dying to do something, but if you're going to do it, do it quickly. Don't waste your time. Do you think you'll be scared if your eyes are straining on a subject you can't do this or that?"

Amy slapped Jake's mug. Expensive coffee was sprayed on the wall. The mug was stamped on the stairs and shattered.

=======================================
[24] Cold Boy and Hot Girl (3)





Jake felt his blood run backwards. The effort of waiting hours to see Amy was insulted.

"A girl like you... ... ! Kut!"

Jake closed his mouth and shrank. Amy was already in the Spirit Zone. Probably the target type in all directions.

"A girl like you? Do I look so ridiculous for such a slick topic? If you're that pissed off, go for it. I will burn it with fire right now."

Jake gritted his teeth. It was a mistake to think that he was a model student selling his studies. She was also a bad boy who wandered around her back alleys from a young age.

"Use of magic at this time is against the rules."

"You must have used magic first, right? While you warm up that civet or something."

"crazy! I think it's the same way everywhere... ... !"

"haha!"

Amy couldn't help but burst into laughter. It was just such a small person. A small person who gets scared when he opens his power. Most of the men she met were like that.

"Do you know why I accepted Shirone's coffee? The kid seems to be responsible for everything himself. Like you, he does what he can, before talking about family and rules. If you don't disappear right away, I'll burn it. It won't even leave a trace."

Jake was sure. It wasn't a lie. The red face of the Karmis family, which I had only heard about through rumors. Her large eyes were burning red.

"If you kill me... ... ."

"doesn't care. I am also responsible for what I did."

Jake snapped his molars. It was the first time I had experienced such severe humiliation.

However, in the face of Hongan's intimidation, even Jake, the wretch of the world, had no choice but to backtrack.

It was in a state of being captured by Amy's four ways. He would have been able to set himself on fire with almost absolute probability if he was the first in Class Four.

"We'll see, cheeky bitch!"

Jake gritted his teeth and strode out of the library. Only after he disappeared from sight did the red eyes lose their light. Amy, who stumbled for a moment, muttered as she rubbed her eyes.

"it's annoying. Unlucky."

When I tried to rest after a long time, I met a beggar-like human and wasted my time. That fact was unbearably irritating. Because time once passed cannot be returned.

Why are all the men clinging to each other like that? She wondered if there was something wrong with her own personality.

A smile escaped from Amy's mouth.

"Well, there are a lot of problems."

It was Amy who suddenly felt sorry for Shirone.



* * *



After escaping from Amy's slavery, Shirone was happy every day. There is a saying 'Because it exists and does not exist.' Studying became even more enjoyable when he realized how precious an hour stolen by Amy was.

Because of a scandal with the most sassy girl in school, he had to suffer from people's eyes, but no one cared about it in the library. This passion for learning was the driving force that made Alpheas Magic School a prestigious school.

After finishing class today, Shirone was on her way to the library humming a song. Then, I found a familiar face near the teachers' quarters.

It was Amy's friend, Fortress Seriel. Shirone turned around when she saw her restlessly wandering around, as if she was in a hurry to go to the bathroom.

It was just a greeting during the integrated class, but personally, he was a likable person. This is because he always gave words of encouragement, unlike Amy who would growl at just looking at her. Of course, he still had no idea what he was rooting for.

Seeing Shirone walking, Seriel widened her eyes. Then, as if he had seen a ghost, he put on a dazed expression and began to run away in a huff.

"Senior, hello... ... ."

"Hey! what are you doing now?"

Seriel grabbed Shirone by the collar and shook it.

"Why are you here! If I had known this, I wouldn't have sent Amy away!"

Shirone tilted her head. She knew that she went straight to her library after work.

"What is it? You have to talk to know."

"Read this! Are you really okay?"

Seriel held out the crumpled paper. Shirone took it silently and unfolded it. It was a brief warning message from the sender, the Black Magician.



30 minutes ago.

A man blocked Amy and Seriel's path to the library.

A student in Class Five, over 23 years old, a long-term grad student. I knew him by name because we were in the same class a year ago, but he had a sullen personality and we hadn't talked to him.

"Hello, senior. You are still on a winning streak."

At the man's smirk and respectful attitude, Amy snorted and moved on.

"I'm busy, so get out of the way. I have nothing to say."

"Ah, you can't do that. Still, we were classmates at one time, so please take a moment."

"Did you have a classmate like me? There will be hundreds of students who have passed through Class Five, so let's look for other kids."

Although he is respectful considering his age, he could not hide the thorns in his heart. I hated this man. If it was Class Five, it wasn't that they didn't have any talent at all, but they were focused on other things. What kind of conversation would you have with a human being who touches female juniors while settling in a suitable position?

"haha! You're still being rude, Amy."

Amy's eyes filled with poison.

"what? What did you say now?"

I treated him considering his age, and he was trying to rise to the top of his head. However, the man calmly handed over a note to see if there was a corner to believe.

"The boss asked to see you. You'd better follow what they say. Unless you want to make the prince suffer."

"Prince? What are you talking about?"

Ei frowned and took the note and read it.



I have Shirone. Come to the 14th training ground by 6:00 before making it impossible to act as a man. If you inform the teacher, something you will regret for the rest of your life will happen, so take care of yourself.

Black Magician.



Then he crumpled up the note right away.

"whatever? Shirone has nothing to do with me. Even if it has something to do with it, do you think I will obey you guys?"

"Huh, that's up to you to figure out. I am just a messenger."

The man who had successfully completed his mission showed a mean smile and walked away leisurely.

In a fit of anger, Amy threw the note on the floor. Seriel, who picked it up, also read his contents and his hands trembled.

Black Magician. Although the truth was not revealed, it was a rumored rogue circle among students.

"Amy, what should I do? these are really bad I heard that the reason Tyra dropped out last month was because of them."

"Are you Tyra?"

Class Four's classmate, Tyra, was not at the level of her senior year, but she was a strong person who maintained above-average grades. If he had threatened her like that, it must have been that many of her jumped on her or made a cowardly move.

"I have to go first. Anyway, it's because of me that Shirone was captured."

"I'd rather tell the teacher. I'm worried about Shirone, but you might be in danger too."

"Teacher? Well... ... ."

Amy was troubled. Even if it was her own past, Shirone had a secret about her origin that would be difficult to reveal to others.

If the incident grows, rumors will spread throughout the school, and Shirone's school life may be over. She could be sure because she knew better than anyone the nobles' sense of privilege.

"I will go first. If you don't come back by 7, then report to the teacher."

"What do you mean? Do I need to tell you right away?"

"Sorry. There's a reason for that. I'll tell you everything when I get back, huh?"

Seriel was embarrassed when Amy, who was always confident, asked for something like this. It was her first time dating her.

"Then come with me. You don't know how many there are?"

"You should stay and be prepared for any emergency. don't worry. Perhaps the leader is Jake. You can't do anything about me with that human ability."

Seriel knew Amy's genius better than anyone else. It was only blocked by the barrier of the senior class, but strictly speaking, even if they were in the same class, the difference in level was vast. As for Amy, she was a talented person who never missed the lead among them.

"okay. It's exactly 1 hour. If you don't come back by 7 o'clock, I will tell the teacher unconditionally."

"yes. Then I will trust you and come back."



Shirone was taken aback when she heard what Seriel had to say. It was surprising that a rogue circle called the Black Magician existed, but Amy took the risk for herself.

"You mean you went because of me in the end? But what if you are like this?"

"I don't know either! Amy told me to wait unconditionally. Why the hell are you here!"

Shirone seemed to know. The one-hour delay is the confidence that you can solve it yourself. In addition, the cause of that action was the consideration to protect one's secret. It was an excellent decision to leave his friend Seriel as her messenger.

"I must go! Senior, please do what Amy said."

Shirone ran to the 14 training ground. He had 30 minutes to his appointment, but distance was an issue. The 14th training ground was located deep in the mountains because it was a place where real battles took place.

At that moment, the scenery suddenly shook and buildings began to be pushed backward in an instant. When she turned her head, Seriel was hugging her by the side.

"When are you going to run? I'd rather go with you."

It was short-distance teleportation, an essential magic for wizards. It is forbidden to use it on campus because it can cause a crash, but it wasn't the time to be arguing about that.

The students looked up at the sound of the popping gong. Seriel, who embraced Shirone, was moving away toward the mountain, blinking at intervals of 10 meters.

Arriving at the beginning of the mountain, the two of them rode the mountain in a canter from there. Teleportation was as dangerous as it was efficient, and attempting it in the mountains could have cost you your life.

The two arrived at training ground 14 before 6:00. But Amy was nowhere to be seen. I didn't even feel like a black magician, let alone a person.

"Amy! Amy! What happened? Why are you not here?"

"Maybe he took them somewhere else? Since the place was exposed in the note, she would not have ruled out the possibility of reporting to the teacher. Maybe we were tricked."

"Then what should I do, Amy?"

Realizing the meticulousness of the Black Magician, Shirone was convinced. They really meant to cause an accident.

"Go down the mountain now and tell the teacher. You can go much faster without me."

"Amy told me to wait until 7 no matter what? She said she had circumstances. Later she said, What if Amy gets disappointed?"

"It's because of me, so go quickly! It doesn't matter because I said it's okay!"

Seriel put on a blank expression. Amy's desperate expression was because of Shirone.

"Really? What are you guys doing? Are you really dating me secretly?"

"Is this the time to say that? It could be dangerous if you're late!"

"Ah Okay! Don't go anywhere, stay here!"

Seriel turned back the way she had come. After all, he had no reason not to report it if it didn't hurt Amy.

Shirone went into the mountains and searched for Amy. Unlike other nobles, he was rather familiar with the dense forest because he had spent half his life in the mountains.

I searched for traces of Amy by expanding the Spirit Zone as much as possible. After climbing the mountain for about 10 minutes, the first footsteps finally came through synesthesia.

"It's here!"

But there was no further sign. Judging from the bushes lying at this point, it was clear that they had flown into the sky.

Then there was no way to find Amy. Shirone hovered around for a long time in an awkward mood. Then, at some point, a hole in the sky exploded. Shirone's head quickly turned toward the source of the sound.

=======================================
[25] Cold Boy and Hot Girl (4)





Black smoke rose from Amy's face. However, upon closer inspection, it was rising from her skin at a distance of a finger's length from her. It was a magic called an air shield that compressed air to create a local barrier.

"A surprise attack as soon as the meeting place was changed. It's still nasty."

Amy stood up from the position she had landed on and looked back. The man who had handed her the note stood there with a fishy grin.

"Huh, in your own way, you have accumulated a lot. If I had been obedient, I would have had the honor of having Amy's first kiss."

"Stop talking as dirty as it looks, where is Shirone?"

Five figures fell from the sky with Amy at the center. Among them was Jake, the leader of the Black Magicians. He looked around and said as if he was surprised.

"You really come alone. Was that child really that precious to you?"

"What nonsense are you talking about? I'm enough for you guys. Where is Shirone?"

"ha ha ha! Of course, that insincere bastard is going to the library. She never knows what her woman is going to get into."

Only then did Amy realize that she had been tricked. But it was rather a good thing. If there were no hostages, these guys wouldn't be able to touch one's hair.

"The fact that you called me means you were prepared to die, right?"

"That's a lot of confidence. But will it be easy? You wouldn't be able to say that if you looked at the list of guys who made fun of Black Magician and went to the goal."

"Even if you don't have the ability to learn, there is a degree. You talk a lot."

Amy entered the Spirit Zone. When her form was transformed into the target of her brother-in-law, Jake, who recalled the situation from the previous day, immediately followed suit.

But again, the cost of missing the preemptive strike was high. Amy ignored her Jake and started targeting the members behind her.

When the long-term Fire Strike was cast continuously, the men hurriedly threw themselves away. Because the strike system adds physical force to magic, it was not enough to block it with an air shield.

Amy quickly rotated the spirit zone and aimed at the target. However, her human movement has a lot of variables, so she couldn't achieve 100 percent accuracy like practice. Her head pounded each time Spirit Zone rotated and reversed.

Jake raised the wind and soared into the sky. If Amy's main skill was fire, Jake's was wind. After all, in a person-to-person battle, one special move will decide the outcome. When he cast his most confident wind cutter, a sharp wind rushed through the air.

Amy did not feel the approach of the Windcutter. The target-type cross shape can dramatically increase the range, but it is inevitably weak in defense compared to spheres that can sense all directions. In particular, an attack in the air was a fatal blind spot.

Amy sensed the windcutter penetrating into the Spirit Zone and immediately turned around. But she was already less than a meter away.

The moment Black Magician tried to sing her joy, her movements were twisted so fast that she couldn't even see them. A wind cutter brushed past, cutting through her red hair. Jake was horrified.

"what? How?"

"It's called schema, son."

Amy raised the target-shaped cross at an angle to the ground. Then Jake also got wind and hurriedly left the place. However, her targeting speed was the best in the advanced class.

"Fire strike."

A ball of fire the size of a cannon ball was fired. Thinking that he couldn't escape, Jake wrapped his body in an air suit, a high level magic in the air series.

Hit by a fire strike, Jake fell to the ground with a roar of gunfire.

"Aww! Annoying bitch!"

Then he jumped up and glared at Amy. The flames engulfed the oxygen in the air suit and blazed. When Jake, standing like an incarnation of hell, exploded the air chute, the flames fell apart and fell like flower petals. However, the physical force of the strike had already entered, so my stomach twisted.

"I will kill you."

"Ho-ho-ho! Did you try to beat me with that skill? It's a perfect level to fail, let alone graduate. It's like that shape because you're digging your mind into nonsense."

Amy, the genius of the Karmis family. Indeed, the difference in skill was as overwhelming as fame.

But Jake had an evil grin.

"Is it really so? Confidence ends here."

As if proving that it was not a bluff, the members of the Black Magician held out their hands at the same time. Then Amy's face turned pale. A strange feeling she had never encountered before. Something had entered her head and was distracting her.

Amy glared at Jake with anger.

"This... ... Anti-magic?"

"ha ha ha! Are you surprised? This is the Black Magician's long term. It is also the magic that has sent countless talents home."

"A naive child."

It was really nasty. Anti-magic, magic forbidden by school rules. But just crossing the forbidden line was like biting an Achilles tendon at the student level.

The resonance waves of the five people randomly tangled Amy's spirit zone. It felt like someone was grabbing my hair and shaking it like crazy.

Amy couldn't stand it and fell to her knees. She didn't know if she kept John anymore she might go mad.

With a victor's smile on his face, Jake cast the air chain. A chain made of air coiled around Amy's limbs and lifted them up.

Caught in the air, Amy struggled with all her might. But it was her binding force that she couldn't get out of even using the schema.

"Huh, finally got it. A prickly she-cat."

Jake took out a knife and held it up.

"Now, what am I going to do with you? By the way, I still haven't forgotten what happened a few days ago. I feel like I want to do something."

"I'm warning you, if you hurt me even one bit, you won't be safe either?"

"Puhahaha! Even the great Amy is in a corner, so is it a family thing? that's what i said that we are the same After all, if you leave the family, you're just a girl who can't do anything."

"I would have told you too? Don't treat me like trash like you. I will definitely destroy you with my own hands."

Jake's eyes lit up with life. Even in this situation, her attitude of not bending her pride bothered me. Her hand, with which she held a knife, trembled as if it were about to stab her.

"I am not in a position to shout. Shall I scribble on your face? If you become an ugly woman, there will be no annoying guys following you around."

Jake's unusual eyes made Amy a little frightened as well. An inferiority complex with no bottom in sight. He really meant to work.

Jake caught the blade with the other finger. He wasn't good at fire magic, but it was easy enough to heat the iron. A red light emerged from the inside of the blade.

"Don't do this. Arrogant Amy lost her eye while studying her magic alone. She dropped out of her magic school and lived her whole life as a loser. How about it, isn't it a wonderful scenario?"

Jake showed me a blade that looked like it would drip molten iron at any moment. A sudden push forced Amy to turn her head. Her hair was burning.

"Ho! There are times when Amy gets scared too. give you one last chance She begged me to take a look. It's better if you shed tears. Then, if she promises to leave school, I'll protect her eyes."

Amy realized why Tyra dropped out. It was to subdue her with her cheating magic that penetrated the gaps in her school rules and humiliate her from which it was difficult to recover.

They did this just because they were inferior, just because they felt bad. Karmis' crimson eyes, filled with anger, glowed red.

"Do it if you can. But never think that you guys will be safe."

Jake chuckled. It was not a word he had heard once or twice. The stubbornness of the aristocratic family, which even the children he had chased away, was like an iron tendon. However, the moment the blade is pointed at, everyone has no choice but to scream for help.

The stronger the self-esteem, the more impossible it is to recover once it is broken. Watching the students leave school like that, Jake soothed his feelings of inferiority.

"Well then, shall we go in soon?"

The knife slowly approached Amy's left eye. Amy was determined to hold on. But when the heat came through, she had no choice but to close her eyelids tightly.

"Wait, you bastards!"

The members of the Black Magician shook their shoulders at the sudden shout. Amy opened her eyes wide as she found Shirone clenching her fists and sulking. Jake also turned around with an expression of surprise.

"Ho! Is it the appearance of a prince on a white horse? It's a pity, if you came a little later, your girl could have been prettier."

"What are you trying to do to your senior?"

"Well? what were you going to do? Why don't you ask your lover directly?"

"you idiot! What if I come here alone!"

cried Amy. However, Shirone was more shocked by the situation in front of her than by her words.

Elderly students surrounded and harmed the girl whose limbs were restrained. The guy named Jake was giggling as he brandished his knife.

'because of me... ... .'

Feeling furious for the first time in her life, Shirone picked up a tree trunk on the floor and shouted.

"Release senior! Otherwise, I won't let you go."

"Puhahaha! did you hear now? What are you going to do with that piece of wood?"

Ignoring mocking laughter, Shirone charged at them. In any case, it was a skill that even Lian had won in a swordsmanship match. It was calculated that the teachers would arrive if they used their synesthesia as much as possible to pass the time.

"Goes!"

"Guys, it's warm. Please open the door."

Shirone came running, but no one moved. Rather, it was a sarcastic smile and an expression that wanted you to come quickly.

The moment she thought something was strange, Shirone's mind shook as if she had been hit by a hammer.

"Keugh!"

"Idiot! Eliminate the Spirit Zone! It's anti-magic!"

anti magic? Shirone realized from Amy's words. The reason why she, who is the first in Class Four, was caught by her rogues.

It was a huge shock and vibration. The resonance waves caused by the five people at the same time shook my mind.

Shirone raised her head. The colors were mixing here and there, as if the world had been smeared on water. But he couldn't give up here. He held on to his consciousness of moving away and moved slowly.

"Senior, I will save you now."

"Don't come! Then you will be unable to use magic for the rest of your life! You become a fool!"

"because of me... ... Because that's how it happened... ... ."

"Get out of the Spirit Zone! hurry!"

I know that Shirone can't hear, but all I can do is scream. With each step she took to save herself, she felt crushed.

Shirone gritted his teeth and maintained the spirit zone.

'no! You have to hold on. I need more frames.'

Following his strong will, the Spirit Zone gradually began to change into a four-way defense type. Then, this time, the Black Magician was taken aback. He had a hard time casting anti-magic. It felt like being crushed by a heavy rock.

"What, what? Why is this?"

Shirone expanded the spirit zone to its maximum. It was swaying dangerously like dew on a blade of grass, but it kept its shape with all its might.

'More firmly. so as not to collapse. so as not to be destroyed.'

As the frame finally connected, the spirit zone regained stability. Then, with a seesaw game, the members of the Black Magician complained of pain one by one.

"Kuh! What happened? My head hurts!"

At that moment, Shirone's eyes flashed open. As the four-way defense type was perfectly completed, the huge sphere was squeezed into a cube. The anti-magic pain disappeared and a great feeling came over me. It was a feeling of pressure that would break even the adamantine.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The 5 people who activated the anti-magic collapsed screaming. As if they were crushed by something, they couldn't even lift their fingers, and all of them were bleeding from their noses.

It was the reason anti-magic was banned at school. If you don't sharpen your mind to the extent that it's close to an inanimate object, Anti-Magic will rather become a poison that destroys you.

Amy was shocked to see the struggling Black Magician. She single-handedly crushed the 5 Anti-Magic. A student in Class 7 who has been enrolled for less than a month.

Shirone felt as if there were small lizards under her feet. I can feel the wriggling sensation, but at most that is the only resistance. As time passed, even that resistance disappeared. He had canceled the anti-magic right before his mind collapsed.

Amy burned the air chain with flame magic and landed on the floor. Through her spirit zone, I could feel the shape of Shirone's spirit zone. It was so cold, hard, and heavy.

'Oh my gosh. How can you... ... .'

Shirone still had a fierce look in his eyes. As I took a step, Jake involuntarily backed away. It was the result of her instinct not wanting to collide with Shirone's Spirit Zone.

However, the spirit zone with a diameter of 15 meters could not be avoided by simply walking backwards. Eventually, when the two Spirit Zones overlapped, Jake asked with a shocked expression.

"you... ... What the hell is it?"

I couldn't believe it. But Spirit Zone's synesthesia doesn't tell lies. four-way defense. A huge cube with 88 faces surrounded Shirone.





(end of volume 1)

=======================================