
[169] 1. Kergo Autonomous District (1)





After sending Shirone to the Accomplishment and Sacrifice Room, Amy and the others arrived at the eastern altar.

When Jis showed the pass, the natives opened the stone gate.

Gis interpreted the words that the trolley had arrived.

Amy and the others nodded, but Canis and Arin seemed uninterested.

This is because he understood the native language through telepathy, one of Arin's telepathic abilities.

The basement was not deep because of the operation of the trolley.

Railroad tracks were installed along the soil covered with volcanic ash, and natives waiting for the trolley welcomed them by chewing gum.

He had a gentle expression, but Kergo's unique intense gaze was still the same. It was foreign, as if someone else's eyes had been transplanted.

Jess felt the same way. However, like a professional solicitor, he approached with a smile.

I held out my hand and asked for a handshake, and the natives accepted it.

"The person in charge of the loop has changed. This is Jis, the new contact this time."

"Jis? I don't see you as someone who would do something like this."

Kergoin recognized his temperament at a glance. Loop trafficking is a serious crime punishable by death in some cases. Jis, on the other hand, seemed docile for a liaison.

"Where is Falcoa? He always came and took it himself."

"Oh, he is dead."

"Dead? Dead?"

As I pretended to hit the neck with the blade of my hand, Jess nodded.

The natives had a look of disbelief. Falcoa is strong. He was also a man with a corner that resembled Kergo's disposition. He was suspicious that the liaison on behalf of such a person was Jiss.

"Do you have a pass?"

"Sure. Now, look here."

A native with a missing smile snatched the pass.

Amy and the others were naturally nervous. She thought it would be over with just a pass, but she was more wary than expected.

Besides, they didn't come to buy a loop.

Falcoa is dead and there will be no more loop deals. It was obvious what would happen if the natives found out about this.

The pass was real.

Aboriginal doubts had little power in the face of visible evidence.

The natives guided the party to the trolley.

It was a trolley big enough to carry six people. A seesaw was installed to push the trolley with the power of a lever.

The natives held on to the seesaw and moved the trolley.

Originally, it was supposed to be done by two people, so Lian tried to help, but he had to turn away shyly because he glared.

The brute force that moved the trolley was certainly amazing. However, it is more than 20 kilometers from here to Mount Toa. I would have exhausted myself while exerting myself to reach the destination.

As the track went downhill, the speed increased. It felt like the air in my stomach was falling all at once.

As the slope became gentler, the road came out flat, but the speed did not decrease. It was designed to receive gravity by finely adjusting the inclination.

Certainly, with this principle, it seemed that he could reach the autonomous district faster than a wagon.

"Ugh! It's insanely fast."

"Yeah. I need to hold on tight."

The wagon shook violently. Life could not be guaranteed if it turned over while accelerating.

Amy and the others quietly sat down. Then the native licked his lips and muttered something.

It was so loud I couldn't hear it, but it was clear that it wasn't a good thing.

As the trolley turned a curve, I felt one wheel lift. It wasn't really a sharp curve, but the acceleration was too fast.

Arin grabbed the chin of the trolley and pulled Canis's collar with the other hand. And as she got into her straight route, she asked Gees.

"When are you arriving?"

"I don't know. I think it will take another 20 minutes. It's my first time here too."

"But you've probably heard the story, haven't you?"

"at all. You heard about it earlier. This is a secret route to the extent that Falcoa comes and goes. Not only are the Habaris nowhere to be seen, and even the executives don't know much."

Arin calculated around 20 minutes. Before reaching Toa Mountain, he needed time to explain his abilities to the group.

Telepathic magic lies on the borderline between eavesdropping and confession.

If you control it with a mental wave, you can penetrate even the inner mind, but there was a disadvantage of revealing the ability.

Due to the nature of spirit-type magic, if the ability is revealed, the effect may decrease because the opponent is wary.

So, there are many cases in which we eavesdrop on thoughts that have risen to the surface by sending out weak mental waves that we usually don't even notice.

She stretched out the Spirit Zone and infiltrated the shadows of the natives. She then stretched out five more tentacles and attached them to her party, excluding Jiss.

Arin, who had finished preparing, asked the natives.

"How long will it take?"

When the Kergore was heard, the native turned to Arryn. If we were in a face-to-face situation, we would have known that the mouth shape and pronunciation were different, but Arin was not the type to make such a mistake. The noise of the trains and the sense of fast speed also helped to distract them.

"I will be there in about 10 minutes. But there is more to go into. The autonomous district side has a steep slope, so you can't go by trolley car."

Amy and the others were surprised when the language of the natives was translated. But no one's expression changed. This is because he is not immature enough to show his emotions on her face.

After listening to Jis's interpretation, they realized that his interpreting skills were not very good. Perhaps Arin's telepathic abilities are outstanding.

-Arin, did you do it?

The reason why Amy pointed out Arin was because her red eyes had spontaneously appeared a while ago. To express the feeling of being penetrated by the spirit zone, the feeling of a gentle breeze blowing was at best.

If it weren't for self-image memory, your thoughts would have been tapped without you even noticing.

-yes. I connected the mental channel.

- Are you sure you can read my mind?

It was terrifying to think that Arin could read even the most private thoughts.

Fortunately, she shook her head.

If it was a spirit-type archmage, he could easily dominate the senior level, but he would still capture his self-image.

Part of the reason why Arin had difficulty with Amy was that he was the owner of the red face.

-You do not have to worry. It's kind of like a tunnel. In the mental system, the human mind is classified into 12 levels of depth, which correspond to the 11 levels of superficial psychology. Since only thoughts that have passed through the final filter are transmitted, you cannot know what is inside.

- Then what are the 12 steps?

-That's the realm of reason above the surface. Things like forced smiles or pretense. Anyway, if you strongly reject it, the channel will be cut off. Of course, if you say you don't like it, I'll quit on my own.

-no. It's a very comfortable ability if you only read the surface psychology. let's keep this

-thanks. Jess was excluded. Currently, other people's transmission channels are blocked. open it now You shouldn't express it instead.

As Arin opened the transmission channel, thoughts of Lian and Tess flowed in.

-... ... Because I want to talk too! Why can't I speak... ... ! what? I can hear you now

-me too. Tess, can you hear me?

-uh. hear it, hear it wow, this is so amazing

Amy realized how comfortable Arin's ability was. Although we are looking at different places, there were many stories going on in the spirit channel.

It was also interesting that it was magic that was not encountered at magic school.

Dark magic is non-mainstream. This is because it has a fatal weakness despite being a series with excellent application power.

The dark attribute is weak against light.

In addition, the mental system was a tricky magic to try against opponents with higher mental power than themselves.

However, when it comes to the level of Arcane, the story changes. And Canis and Arin were direct disciples of Arcane, who became archmages through dark magic.

'awesome. This would be a huge help. Oops!'

Amy looked at Arin. As her emotions were raging, her inner thoughts came to the surface.

Arin responded with a smile. I was just happy with Amy's calculating thoughts.

The human heart is much more focused on desire and selfish than it appears on the outside.

For Arin, who had lived reading such feelings all his life, it was nothing more than a heart full of goodwill.

In any case, telepathic magic will be very effective in an emergency or even in battle. The joining of Canis and Arin was an even stronger reason.

- Ho-ho-ho! This is so much fun! Amy, aren't those natives annoying? Did you sneak peek at my breast bone earlier?

- Was it? I seemed to be ignoring us.

- I'm getting hungry. Would you like something to eat?

The mental channels were filled with gossip, gossip and grumbling.

Lian and Tess, unfamiliar with magic, tried to use the channel somehow, squeezing out unnecessary thoughts.

Strictly speaking, these thoughts cannot be called thoughts. It was a moment that proved that the environment dominates the mind.

- I'm going to die of noise. Arin, turn down the volume. Or just turn it off.

As Canis spoke, the volume of the voice going to and from the mental channel decreased. It was like whispering in my ear.

I couldn't hear well if I didn't concentrate, so my words gradually decreased.

Tess, who was having fun in the midst of chatting, rebelled.

- What is it, why are you turning down the volume? I can't hear you well. grow up quickly

-Don't use mental channels unless you're talking about strategy. Do you think this is a women's hangout? And that's Arin's ability. What are you, don't raise your voice.

Tess chuckled and clicked her tongue. Still, his expression didn't change, so it seemed that he wasn't letting go of his tension.

After the small talk, Arin revealed the reason for showing off his ability.

-As you know, it's called telepathic magic. I didn't do it to someone named Jis. Because I am an outsider, I didn't want my ability to be known, and even if I could be trusted, there was a risk of being exposed to enemies if I reacted to my ability.

Anyway, since Jis could understand the native language, it seemed that he could pass quietly as long as he didn't show off.

-But this is a really convenient ability.

-Heh, know it as one of the alliance rewards. I don't know if Shirone has passed the test, but if they form a party, it's essential to use Arin's ability.

It was true that Canis boasting of her partner was close, but it was so great that it could not be refuted.

- And one more thing. The reason why Arin cast telepathy is because there is a fact that he did not reveal to you.

- Undisclosed facts? What are you talking about all of a sudden?

Amy's eyes widened. Although the condition of Shirone's acceptance was at stake, she was not happy that a variable would belatedly arise in the temporary alliance.

- No big deal. I didn't hide it on purpose, it was because I thought it was something that didn't need to be publicized. Anyway, let's talk about it, there is one more reason why Arin and I tried to pass the test gate. Contrary to your expectations, the natives of Kergo are not friendly to outsiders. Rather hostile.

It was definitely no big deal. I hadn't thought from the beginning that they would applaud and welcome me.

But I thought there was no reason to be hostile.

The self-governing government and the Kergo tribe chose a symbiotic relationship, and there were quite a few natives who were also influenced by civilization at the site.

-The reason they are hostile to outsiders is because the Galliant government made a mistake. When I came to the island 100 years ago, they promised me a hefty reward. The natives also negotiated with the judgment that they could not stop the flow of the times. The business that started like that is the tourism business. You know what, at first the Aboriginal Territories were also open? But now the exchange has been cut off.

-Hmm, on the one hand, I understand. When my dad first entered the colony, there was a lot of backlash. think it's unavoidable

-There is a part like that. But the Galliant government was not like that. Even if he went too far, he said he went too far.

=======================================
[170] 1. Kergo Autonomous District (2)





- What the hell happened?

-The Galliant government, which made a lot of money through tourism, became more greedy. So I came up with a new business. That's human tourism.

Silence flowed through the mental channels.

At the word human tourism, everyone expected.

Tess, in particular, was not as expected. Having learned political science, she was realizing what was going on between the Galliant government and the Kergoins.

- You made the worst choice a human could make.

-yes. The Galliant government treated Kergoin as a tourist product beyond Kergo ruins and culture. Of course, that fact surfaced much later. It is said that at first the natives were stopped so that they could observe them as they rode in their wagons. Then the possessiveness kicked in. It led to human hunting. Mercenaries captured boys and girls and sold them to nobles at high prices.

- It's good that the war didn't happen.

-It is the fate of those who have fallen behind in civilization. Of course, Kergo's might is not weak. At least not weaker than the Galliant government. But he was no match for political power. The children are being taken away, and if so, the culprit must be the Galliant government, but there is no evidence. He must have spent a lot of money to get rid of the evidence, but he said that human hunting was serious enough to be a surplus business. It was helpless. If you fight with only your heart, the natives who rely on tourism capital will end up on the streets in an instant. In the end, I had no choice but to come to an agreement. Instead of opening the ruins, they blocked access to the autonomous district. That's how they closed the door and came this far.

Even though Amy knew that the sons and daughters of the tribe had been sold to nobles, Kergo's joys and sorrows, which had no choice but to open the ruins, came to her desperately.

But whatever their position, the situation has taken a dangerous turn. Only that fact mattered.

It was the same reason why Canis spoke up.

- But that's not what's important. Even among the natives, there must be villains, and loops are smuggled because there are actually such people. In any case, the natives in the Autonomous Territory won't see us well. I don't think there will be a physical clash, but you can't relax.

-Then isn't Shirone dangerous too?

- No, that's not going to happen. The number one reason Kergo opened the ruins was money, but not necessarily because of it. To them, the meaning of the room of achievement and sacrifice is different. Kergo has been waiting for someone for a long time.

-Who are you waiting for?

-Well. angel... ... would it be?

-angel?

Amy asked back, but Canis didn't answer.

Arin confirmed that the time had come and announced it on the Spirit Channel.

-Sorry. I'm closing the channel because I want to save my sanity. Even if I connect again in the future, I won't panic anymore.

Telepathy is also magic, so it consumes mental power. In particular, the way information was exchanged in real time through channels constantly gnawed at the mind like a fire wall.

As the mental channel closed, Amy looked straight ahead. As my hearing opened, the cry of the railroad filled my eardrums.

The trolley disappeared into the darkness of the cave.



@



The destination was an underground city.

Although it lacks a schematic style, the tunnel split like an anthill and the open space expanded at each junction of the tunnel was an amazing result of coexistence with nature.

Amy went back to being a tourist and looked around. Her heart fluttered for a moment, and her eyes wavered in bewilderment.

Kergo's life was far removed from the landscape. Everyone was hungry and very skinny. It was more unexpected than when I heard that Kergoin was hostile to his outsiders.

Elderly people like war refugees moved along the tunnel. The elderly, who could not walk, leaned against the earthen walls and closed their eyes while holding the children entrusted to them.

It was as if I could hear the screams of the dreary landscape. This is an ant nest. And they were ants.

Elderly people carrying heavy burdens took an impossible step forward, and in the corner, stooped old women weaved tree bark to make a colander.

"Is this really Kergo Autonomous Region?"

There was no one to answer Amy's question. The expectation that the tribe owned expensive real estate called historical sites was wrong.

Kanis felt a nameless rage and grabbed Arin's shoulder. Her shoulders were also shaking. He remembers life in Radum, the city's hell.

They both knew that starvation was the most terrible pain in the world. so that... ... They were the most suffering people in the world.

"Hey, come this way."

The native driver of the trolley motioned for them to come. It was clear that he did not want to show the current scene to outsiders.

After passing through a road that curves like a torrent, the place we arrived at was a blocked tunnel. A single torch hung on the wall illuminated the surroundings.

Amy looked back on the way she had come. She took a detour for a long distance, so if there was a commotion here, she seemed oblivious to the outside.

The native took Amy and her party in front of a man.

The man with his arms crossed and his mouth tightly closed seemed to match his imagination, as if claiming that this was the real Kergoin.

His upper body muscles are more developed than Lian's, and he has black tattoos on his face. In both ears, she wore earrings made from the fangs of a beast.

When Jis spoke to him, he introduced himself as Mahatu.

When Amy heard that she was a descendant of a warrior the other day, she remembered that there was a pronunciation for mahatu.

Mahatu, whose name was a warrior, was also a warrior in reality.

"Uh, so, this guy's name is Mahatu. They say he's the one who grows loops and supplies them to the temple."

Amy guessed that the black tattoo was the color of those who manage the loop. If white is the one who performs the ceremony, then black is the one who prepares the ceremony.

Since Arin did not attempt telepathy, Amy and the others had no choice but to wait for Jis to translate.

Tess thought it was the right decision. Judging from Mahatu's temperament, he is not an ordinary strong man. The sensory system of the schema was at risk of detecting telepathy.

While everyone was thinking that, Mahatu's words suddenly began to make sense.

When Amy turned around, Arin smiled.

- Did you try after all? That guy looks pretty strong. Contrary to what you see, you are strong.

-no. I didn't cast telepathy on Mahatu.

-what? So how do you translate?

Arin quietly pointed at Jess.

Only then did Amy realize. She seems to have cast telepathy on Jis, who is talking to Mahatu.

If you only intend to eavesdrop on the language of the surface mind, there is no need to contact the speaker. It was another strength of Arin's ability.

"Falcoa is dead?"

"yes. The Freeman Organization won't buy loops. I'm thinking of leaving the island soon."

Jess was honest. He met the general manager, so there was no way to hide the truth.

As expected, Mahatu's complexion deteriorated. He looked at Amy and the others with a kind gaze and asked again with his eyes wide open.

"Then what are they?"

"Oh, I didn't mean to buy a loop, I came here because I had a job."

"Work? Don't you know that outsiders are not allowed to enter this place except for loop transactions?"

"I know that, but I have to announce the withdrawal of the deal anyway. And here's the pass... ... ! Oops!"

Mahatu pushed Jis and walked away. His chin twitched and his eyes seemed to fire.

While looking at the group, he singled out Amy as the target of conversation. It wasn't because he thought he was a leader. She was the only one with her provocative eyes raised.

"Sent from the Freeman organization? If so, are you a member of the organization?"

Jess ran in and translated. Seeing that he fulfilled his duties even under these circumstances, his sense of responsibility was above average.

Of course, Amy had understood the words through Arin. But she couldn't reveal it, so she replied a beat late.

"no. But I know Freeman well."

"How well do you know? Are you willing to risk your life?"

"Sure. I actually did."

The lies came out easily. In fact, it wasn't a very wrong thing to say because he fought for his life.

"Then maybe we can pay the balance instead."

"balance? What balance?"

"Falcoa just paid an advance and took 8kg of loops. He couldn't pay the balance for it."

Recalling Falcoa's face, Amy snorted. The bravado shuddered as it was, and it was a sticky transaction.

In any case, he said he had money, so he had no choice but to ask.

"Even if I risk my life, I'm not in a relationship where I'll lend you money, but anyway, how late have you been?"

"10,000 gold."

"what? Ten thousand?"

Amy's eyes widened. She seemed confused as if she had mistaken the Jisudo unit she was interpreting for.

However, Amy knew precisely through Arin's telepathy that it was 10,000 gold.

I thought it was at most 8 kg of tree roots. But 10,000 gold? No, since he said he had paid in advance, it meant at least 10,000 gold.

I suddenly had a question.

Even if he didn't know it, Falcoa would have bought the loop for five years. How, then, should the life of Kergoin be explained?

Selling 8 kilograms of loops can feed the people in the plaza to their stomachs for a year. It was something that did not make sense.

Jis persuaded Mahatu.

"I will report back to the organization about the balance. Whether you return the loop or pay the balance, he will take care of it."

Jess, unsure, turned to his friends and asked for their consent.

Tess nodded. Marsha and Freeman, who value honor, will definitely pay the balance.

Jis, who gained strength from her support, spoke confidently.

"Now, is it okay? I'll pay the balance later, so let me stay here for now."

"I don't understand. Then what purpose did you come here for?"

said Amy.

"I am waiting for a friend. I entered the room of achievement and sacrifice. He will probably come here sooner or later."

Her tone was harsher than before. It was because she thought that she was the same human being as Mahatuna and Falcoana, seeing as she earns a large sum of money but does not solve the hunger of her people.

"The room of achievement and sacrifice?"

Mahatu took a close look at the party. Evaluating temperament, not appearance, he said with a mocking smile.

"You have a big dream. give up and go back Your friend will be waiting outside."

"huh! How do you know that?"

"It's obvious. It is not an altar built to call out to children like you. Many idiots come to Kergo Ruins. To buy loops, to get gold. Did you think I would send my friend to the altar and allow you to come and insist? You will never pass at the level of fine hair or rolling."

"Do you know what you are good at? Have you thought about how many people out there have been poisoned with loops trafficked here?"

"The loop is a sacred item. It's you who abuse it as a drug. And I don't need to know the circumstances of stupid outsiders. you have always been They judged ours and tried to take it away. But it won't be easy here."

"We won't go back. Until you know if your friend has passed the room of achievement and sacrifice."

"You can never pass with your skills. Tell me your honest purpose for coming here."

said the native who drove the trolley.

"Maybe a thief. to steal gold."

There were no more pretentious smiles on the faces of the natives. If it wasn't for the loop deal, Amy and the others were the outsiders he hated the most, and they were just nobles.

"It could be. I can't let you in anymore."

"Why don't we search their bodies? Villagers could get hurt if they hid weapons or something."

Even though Mahatu was an enemy, he did not want to touch the woman's body. As a warrior, this is disgraceful.

Still, the reason I keep quiet is that I know what my colleague means.

=======================================
[171] 1. Kergo Autonomous District (3)





Outsiders trampled on Kergo with all sorts of excuses and excuses. There were many women who lost their virginity in the name of inspection and search. It was unreasonable to take the side of an outsider, no matter how misguided her fellow haters were.

"I will start the examination now. Come over here and raise your arms."

Amy kept her seat with rejection and caution at the same time.

If the man had not been a master, he would have raised his stomach the moment he was insulted, but his life was not unusual. If there was a battle, you would have to prepare for a commotion, and the place was not good for committing it.

"It's too much to see."

Lian blocked Amy's way. The ability to judge the situation would have been better for Amy, but if the other person was going to touch the woman's shame, she was right to step out herself.

"Even though Falcoa is dead, Freeman's organization is still alive. If you treat us this way, you won't be safe either?"

Lian's strategy, borrowing Freeman's prestige, was witty. Amy thought it was a good idea too.

However, Kergoin was much more aggressive than expected.

Mahatu's face turned red, as if he had touched the wrath.

"Is it a challenge? jump in anyway Kergoin does not run away."

-Everyone back off. Mahatu's mind is focused.

Arin informed through the spirit channel.

By the end of the speech, everyone felt it. It was speculation to the point that even the insensitive Lian could see through the sense of incongruity.

Amy aimed at the Spirit Zone. How far Mahatu's fighting spirit soared will determine the battle method.

Woo woo woo!

Then a horn sounded from the other side of the cave.

If you could hear it all the way into the winding tunnel, you could guess how loud it was.

As the sound of the trumpet spread throughout the cave, Mahatu looked at the entrance in amazement.

My colleague's reaction was even worse. He was shaking his shoulders in disbelief.

"Mahatu, this is the trumpet of Jingok. what happened... ... ."

Mahatu jumped before his colleague could finish his words.

"damn! Why the trumpet of Jingok! Did a war break out?"

Jingok's trumpet was the highest level of alert set by the Kergo tribe. Upon hearing this sound, all tribe members must assemble at the source of the sound. There were no exceptions for any class, and if they did not participate, they would be punished.

As the natives disappeared, Amy and her friends were also thrown into chaos.

"what? What do you think happened outside?"

"Let's go. It is dangerous to be at a dead end."

Amy and the others left the cave and arrived at the sound.

It was a huge square where 7 tunnels meet in the center.

The natives were gathering, but there were so many of them that it was impossible to ascertain what was going on.

It was difficult to convey the voice due to the muffled noise. He looked forward to the spirit channel, but Arin was only staring at the podium.

"Get on your knees and worship! The messenger of God has come to save us!"

The old man on the podium shouted. Then, well over a thousand people knelt down and uttered a single voice.

"Welcome the Messenger of God."

The crowd collapsed as if the world had turned off. My vision opened up to the podium, and I saw Shirone standing in front of the old man.

Shirone looked around and met Amy's eyes. She was only two hours away, but she had been through so many embarrassing situations that she couldn't contain her emotions.

"Amy."

Those who shouted the messenger of God silenced their voices. Silence spread in concentric circles, and several people looked at Amy.

Among them was Mahatu. It seemed that Amy would not long forget the look of embarrassment on his face.

"Shirone."

The native's eyes turned to Shirone again. It was an attitude that he would not miss a single word that came out of his mouth.

Shirone's face turned into a tear-stained one.

"Amy, why are these people doing this? I can't understand a word of what you're saying."

Amy scratched her eyebrows as she looked at Shirone, who looked like she was about to burst into tears.

And I said in my heart.

do i know



@



As Shirone moved, the crowd split like splitting bamboo. Even in the posture of bowing, the fact that they were in perfect order was proof that they were nervous.

Shirone's face was haggard. No wonder he was exposed to a language he didn't know for two hours.

Normally, if they couldn't communicate, they would give up on the conversation, but the altar's enforcers didn't leave Shirone alone for a moment.

"I thought I was going to die of frustration. He bowed whenever I said something, so he ended up not saying a word. Why are people here doing this to me?"

"do not know. I mean we're here too. Did you pass the test?"

"Uh, I guess so, but there's a bit of a problem."

"Is it a problem? What's the problem?"

To describe the scene we saw in the labyrinth's time-space, words become redundant. But now I can't afford that, and the situation is not good.

The old man who blew the horn approached Shirone.

Behind the old man, Mahatu followed. His mind was complicated. If he is a messenger of God, it is said that he opened all 8 space-times of the labyrinth, but it was shocking that he was a boy with fluffy hair unlike what I usually thought.



- Absolute obedience to the messenger of God.



It was a word I had heard from a young age so as not to get scabs in my ears.

It was on a different level from the religious beliefs that outsiders say. Just as a people obeys a king, to Kergoin the gods were a real force.

Mahatu walked quickly and approached Shirone. If he was truly a messenger of God, he had to pay for his disrespect to Amy and the others before he could face the old man.

"A messenger of the feared God, I am ashamed, but are these people your companions?"

As Jis approached to translate, Mahatu raised a hand to stop him.

"No, it seems that someone is using spirit-type magic. If that person exists, please allow me to speak with the messenger of God."

The point at which Mahatu realized that fact was when Amy's voice rose.

Usually, if you have a conversation with an interpreter in between, your words will be simple and short, but I got the impression that I understood Kergore quite accurately in some parts.

Arin's Spirit Zone permeated Mahatu's shadow.

Shirone was taken aback by the voice in her head, but nodded after realizing what kind of ability it was.

Understanding that the preparations were over, Mahatu repeated the question from earlier.

"Messenger of God, are these people companions?"

"Yes. They are my friends."

Mahatu nodded calmly. He wasn't afraid to die, but rudeness to Shirone's friend was a mistake that put the fate of the clan in jeopardy.

Kergo was destroyed not because of loops, civil wars, or volcanic eruptions. Officially, it is said that way, but behind the scenes, the truth that no one knows was hidden.

Kergoin angered the angel.

And the boy standing in front of me was a descendant of an angel.

The story of 500 years ago, handed down from generation to generation, was deeply rooted in fear in the unconscious Kergoins living in the present age.

Mahatu's expression changed. From his despair to fear, and then, as if he had made up his mind, he regained his original expression and cried out as he knelt down to the point of breaking.

"sorry! please kill me! You have committed great disrespect to the party!"

"Are you rude? what disrespect? Surely it wasn't violent?"

Cirone, alerted by their actions close to fanatics, fired at them at once. If he ever laid a hand on his friends, he would not forgive him.

"Oh, no big deal. We just had a little tease. You know why, what we often do."

Amy's words were close to slang. It is true that there was a conflict, but the situation was complicated, so it was meant to be passed on.

Mahatu looked up at Amy with emotion. And he gave up his seat to the old man, relieved that he hadn't caused a racial crisis.

The old man, who introduced himself as Hasid, the elder of the Kergo tribe, asked Shirone a meaningful question.

"Did you read Miro's message?"

Shirone recalled the scene she saw in the room of achievement and sacrifice. It was information floating in fragments because it passed by so quickly, but each one was vivid.

Shirone nodded, and the elder turned around with his cane.

The natives gathered in the square were waiting for an answer.

"Finally, the messenger of the god has come to Kergo!"

Shirone and the others covered their ears. As Hasid ran out of words, the natives let out a warrior's roar.

The cave was filled with sound that seemed to explode the ceiling.

Shouts of joy intermittently intermingled with cries. Amidst the crowd, naked people came and knelt before Shirone.

"My messenger, my child is sick. Please fix it."

Arin's channel was also connected to Mahatu, so I was able to understand her words. However, her ability to heal her sick child was not available to Shirone.

The old man who had crawled beside the woman put his hands together and begged.

"Give me something to eat! Families are starving."

Starting with that, people arrived one after another.

"Give me eternal life!"

"Please yield to my daughter Atoreman! She has a man that the child is engaged to!"

"Make me a woman!"

Arin didn't even cover his ears, so he closed his eyes. The sight transmitted through her menarche was all red, as if she were seeing seething lava. Her spirit would collapse if she accepted more of people's aspirations.

"Canis! The voice of the heart is too loud!"

"Close the channel. You might get hurt."

Shirone was caught in the crowd and couldn't move a single step. Arin canceled the telepathy, making it impossible to interpret, but the ripples of emotion rushed in and tightened his heart. It was like being under mass hypnosis. The keyword would be madness.

Shirone turned to Hasid and Mahatu for help. However, they were only looking at their own people with sad eyes.

"Everyone be quiet!"

The man's shouts broke out, and in an instant there was silence.

A young man, accompanied by strong warriors on his left and right, walked from the northern tunnel. He wasn't big, but his balloon-like muscles overpowered his bodyguards. His hair was long and pulled back, and he had golden tattoos on his face.

Arin finally opened his eyes.

The emotion of the natives seen through menarche was awe.

But that wasn't all.

are afraid A menarche commonly seen in situations dealing with an iron-fisted ruler. It was clear that the man was the head of Kergo.

The man who approached Shirone introduced himself.

"My name is Kadum, the chief of Kergo. I will see you from now on."

Shirone asked about the intentions of his friends.

No one objected. He was the kind of person you'd have to meet at least once to get anything in the borough.

And that was Jess' mission.

Shirone expressed regret and said.

"Now we will do it ourselves. It could be dangerous."

Jess nodded, not showing a particularly unpleasant feeling. The reason why Shiro and the others trusted him was that he didn't build useless pride.

Shaking hands, Jess said anxiously.

"Be careful. The Autonomous District seems very different from the Kergo I know."

"yes. There will be nothing special. And thank you for interpreting."

"I'm glad I was helpful. Stop by my house after work. I'm sure Yuna and I have prepared a lot of delicious food."

Shirone asked Kadum to take Jis to the ruins. Then, both of you wanted to follow Shirone's instructions and volunteered to be guides. Arin chose someone he could trust.

Jis left Kergo Autonomous Region following the mighty warrior.

Kadum guided Shirone and the others to the cave.

Even after walking for 20 minutes, the destination was not found. If this road were a dead end, any traveler would collapse.

A labyrinth is not just a complex design. The labyrinth of the autonomous district was overwhelmed by scale.

=======================================
[172] 1. Kergo Autonomous District (4)





Fortunately, there was an exit. As the taste of the air changed, it came out halfway up the terraced altar in all directions.

The jungle of Toa Mountain was forming a sea of ??water beneath their feet.

The forest overlooking from 20 meters above sea level was vast, and Kergo villages could be seen sparsely.

Returning to the other side of the altar, I saw a palace made of gold. It was the house where the chieftain of Kergo lived. Upon entering the palace, there were two rows of tables in the long hall.

Shirone took the seat of honor, and on the right, Amy, Lian, Tess, Canis, and Arin took their seats in that order.

On the left sat Chief Khadum and the Elders. Hasid, who blew the horn, did not attend. Seeing that Mahatu was also at the bottom, it seemed that his rank was not low.

Music was played and Kergo traditional food was served. Before I could even taste it, the warriors came in in groups of two, carrying large chests.

The warriors opened the lid of the chest. An enormous amount of gold coins and jewels were piled up in heaps.

"What is this?"

"A small gift from Kergo. Please accept it."

The level of converting value by number was exceeded, and it had to be weighed by weight. The five crates together seemed to weigh at least a ton.

Amy put down the food with a displeased expression.

It is not the income of the historic site. It is money made by smuggling loops. And that money was more than enough to feed the entire tribe.

"Shirone, you're not thinking of accepting it, are you?"

"I can't accept such a large amount of money without knowing why. It's not like I'm just giving it away."

When Shirone demanded an explanation, Kadum's eyes changed.

When any adult sees a gold coin weighing more than 1 ton, their breath will change. However, Shirone reacted indifferently, as if the gold coins were stones.

Shirone was not someone who was detached from wealth. It was just that he was not foolish enough to cling to things that did not belong to him.

Kadum was not taken aback. Instead of explaining, they clapped, and the second offering came in.

I was sure that even those who refused riches would be stuck in it.

Like the man in the room of accomplishment and sacrifice, those with white tattoos on their faces came in. Shirone guessed that it was a priest.

As they moved left and right, a dozen beautiful young Kergo women entered.

The boys, including Shirone, opened their mouths blankly. It was a landscape that was hard to come across at their age.

Beautiful women who appeared to be naked were approaching while dancing sensually.

From a distance, it was a pretty flashy dance, but as it got closer, it was lustrous. They seemed to be in a trance, judging by the blurry eyes of the women.

"How is it? She is the most beautiful priestess among Kergo's women. She is the second offering to the Messenger of God. I hope you like it."

Shirone felt the seat next to him heat up. Without turning her head, she could tell what expression Amy was making.

Kadum's favor backfired.

The choreography of the priestess was enchanting, but to Shirone, it seemed nothing but the struggles of women drunk on loops.

Favor without reason is felt as a threat, so his heart grew cold as he analyzed Kadum's intentions.

When Shirone's reaction was stubborn, Kadum finally became concerned.

The spirit of an unlocker is higher than that of a criminal, but he is not a saint. This is because immortal function is only a process toward nirvana, not liberation.

If you were free from the five desires and the seven passions, you wouldn't have snooped around the room of achievement and sacrifice from the beginning. I couldn't figure out what Shirone wanted.

"I was wrong. I thought you would be happy. In fact, this is the first time I've greeted a messenger from God, so I'm just following the tradition."

Shirone's words made her feel even worse. How promiscuously unrockers of the same level as him played, so that even the word tradition came out?

"Did they like this?"

"According to the record, I don't think I hated it. But don't get me wrong. It has no other intentions, it's just a tradition. Kergo is a tribal society, but the power of the priest is great. Priests are divided into priests and warriors, and among priests, women become priestesses. According to the Kergo rules, a priestess must be beautiful and she must remain chaste throughout her life, but she can only sleep with an angel once to conceive an angel child. In other words, priestesses are ready to give everything for Shirone-sama, a descendant of angels."

"If I accept these women, what am I supposed to do?"

There was no way the chieftain would accept bloodshed without a price. Tradition is nothing more than a custom created out of necessity.

The amount of gold coins can feed an entire tribe. In addition, the women who performed the courtship dance to be chosen by Shirone were future mothers who could increase Kergo's population. In the end, it was like handing over the entire wealth and future of the tribe to Shirone.

"Kergoin is the great son of Ra. Also, angel descendants are the only beings who can connect the Kergo tribe and the gods. Please pass on our faith to God."

"If you are God, do you mean Ankera?"

"Anke, this is Ra. It means eternal and immortal Ra. He existed from the beginning and created us. He is still watching over us with great power."

It was about making a deal after removing the religious content.

In exchange for gold coins and women, he goes to the gods and conveys the will of the tribe. I don't know how to convey it, but it was clear that it had something to do with Immortal Function.

The mental channel was busy talking about whether to get paid.

Tess was in a position that it was impossible. Money is money, but she couldn't even imagine that Shirone would sleep with another woman over her Amy.

However, contrary to expectations, Amy was on the side of getting paid. And Shirone agreed.

- Shirone! How could that be? All men are beasts, but I believed in you.

-Don't get excited. See what Shirone thinks. Amy said yes too.

-You're funny! Lian, do you side with the same guy? I absolutely do not agree Amy, say something too. honestly not annoying?

-Of course I'm annoyed. The people of the tribe starve to death, and it's unpleasant to have a party. But that's something that Shirone has to control. First of all, it's important to dig up more information, so let's accept it.

While Shirone and the others were exchanging thoughts, a gray-haired old man entered. It was the Hasidic elder who blew the horn. Blood lined his eyes as he looked at the elders who were preoccupied with eating and playing.

Mahatu stood up and paid his respects.

"Are you here, Elder?"

"Tsk tsk, pathetic. What the hell is this all about?"

As the music stopped, the dancing girls collapsed from exhaustion.

Hasid walked to Shirone, using a cane like a three-legged man.

Kadum blocked the approach with an overbearing tone.

"What are you doing, father? You ruin the sacred banquet."

"A sacred banquet? Outside, the tribesmen are starving to death every day. If you spend money on useless things, the tribe will really be ruined!"

"I am surprised that the elder, who is the former chief of Kergo and has a noble status, makes such absurd remarks. Can I use what I said earlier at the meeting?"

"That shouldn't be the case. The people of the tribe are full of hope with the appearance of the messenger of God. But that's it. Why don't they know that what they want is happiness, not the messengers of God!"

"I have heard the opinion of one elder. No matter what anyone says, I am the chief. Kergo will be resurrected by God's grace. It means that we will recreate the brilliant civilization of the past, rather than living in the mountains and paying attention to outsiders!"

Hasid twitched his beard, clicked his tongue and turned away.

Anyway, the chieftain was Khadum. If the conflict escalated in front of the elders, there was no guarantee that the civil war of 500 years ago would not happen again.

As the atmosphere subsided, the elders slipped away and the banquet ended.

Kadum took Syrone and the others up to the top of the altar. The roof was wide, and a 7-meter-tall statue stood on the north side. I felt a sense of intimidation in the appearance of a giant bathed in moonlight.

Kadum stood where the statue stood and looked up at the night sky.

Many stars were floating.

But the star he was looking at was one.

"Do you see that cluster of stars in the northern sky? Connect it with a figure 8, then find the brightest star at the intersection of the 2 circles."

He said he had something to show me, so I followed him and he thought he would listen to the constellation lecture. Shirone and the others were reluctant, but took the time to find the star Kadum pointed at.

Shocking words came out of Kadum's mouth.

"That star is the home of Kergo."

"Yes? Hometown?"

The hometown that Shirone thought of was the place where he was born. It refers to a place that young people who have moved to the city miss because they are soaked in nostalgia. It is by no means somewhere in the distant night sky.

"Kergoin knows that the god who created us lives there. We are born and die on this earth, but our souls fly to the sky. heavenly country. That's why we call that star Heaven."

Shirone was embarrassed.

Heaven is an ideal place. It is not a place to introduce tourist attractions to foreign travelers.

"I don't understand. Why do you think that's heaven?"

"Shirone-sama doesn't believe in God."

Shirone neither believed nor disbelieved in God.

The wizard's thinking does not draw clear conclusions about what cannot be analyzed.

For Shirone, God was an unknown existence.

"There is something like this in Kergo's Genesis. It is a myth before history. It is said that in the beginning, a giant lived and humans were born from the blood and flesh of a giant. The first human was Garok, who lived to be seven hundred and eighty-two years old. Their son Deris lived 982 years and his son Thesus lived 1,320 years."

The Genesis of Ra was not very different from the myths of other religions.

According to some scholars, the lifespan of characters appearing before history refers to the period of family rule, not the actual lifespan.

Elza 1, Elza 2, if the family prospered for about 13 years, then Elza, who lived for 1,000 years, would appear in the myth.

It was plausible.

Even in the kingdom of Tormia, the name of the king was passed down from generation to generation. The current king was Adolf XII.

As if showing off his memorization skills, Kadum recited the lifespans of people he had never heard of.

After the age of mythology ended, we entered the age of history.

"2,000 years ago, Harnes, a pioneer, established a civilization here. From then on, we were embraced by Ra. You must have wondered why we do not restore Kergo ruins buried in volcanic ash."

Shirone recalled that even Amy's sniper mode had a barrier so thick that it penetrated the middle layer of the ruins.

"There are many ancient ruins in the world, and this place is one of them. However, there is one hidden fact that the general public does not know about the historical site. It seems that in the distant past, our ancestors freely came and went to heaven. The underground facility of the ruins proves it."

"What the hell is there in the basement?"

At this point, Shirone couldn't bear to listen.

Kadum looked into Shirone's curious eyes and said.

"In the basement of the ruins, there is a door that leads to heaven."

My head was throbbing as if I had been hit with a hammer. it's heaven Could it be that you are referring to the stars floating in the northern sky?

it is in space

It was a distance that could never be reached by human ability.

"Are you saying you can go to where God is?"

"Yes. That is it."

Suddenly, I had this thought. Is the chieftain named Kadum a madman? Or are you telling the truth?

=======================================
[173] 1. Kergo Autonomous District (5)





The faces of the friends were also unusual. The only ones whose emotions didn't change were Canis and Arin.

"This is why the Kergo Autonomous Region cannot be opened. Only those who have inherited the power of angels can open the underground door. That is why we have been waiting for you."

door to heaven. It's not nonsense. Shirone had the experience of going to the space-time of the maze through Immortal Function.

However, the scale was different this time. The world created by wizards and heaven were different. Kadum was talking about where God is.

"Since long ago, angels have been a medium that connects gods and humans. They have transcended time and space and delivered God's will. Unlockers are known to have inherited the power of angels. please. Bring Kergo back to glory. For that, the tribe is ready to make any sacrifices."

Shirone couldn't answer. Come meet God. What do you mean you can go to the stars floating in the sky?

"In the meantime, Kergo has gone through many crises. The catastrophe of a volcanic eruption came, and civil war was fought. She was even humiliated by outsiders. The tribe is on the brink of extinction. The tribesmen are starving. However, I believe that angelic descendants will revive Kergo."

Amy asked, pointing.

"Why aren't you buying food? Relying on your faith when you are fully self-sufficient is like gambling with your life. We know that Loop's trafficking income is beyond imagination."

"The situation in Kergo is worse than you know. The revenues from the ruins shared with the Galliant government alone cannot feed 20,000 people. Even if you sell loops and survive, you will be encroached on by outsiders like 100 years ago. As the chieftain, I prayed for God's blessing and saved up a large sum of money."

"No matter how much money and women, did you think you could convince the messenger of God in that way?"

"I don't know about that. I just found a way through the records. According to the history of Kergo, a certain god's messenger asked for 100 million gold as a condition for going to heaven."

Hearing that there are people who have already gone to heaven, Shirone was surprised. Besides, he's not a merchant, and he asked me to give him 100 million gold, which was something he couldn't say unless money was better than his life.

No, maybe he was a skilled person who wasn't afraid to even go to heaven. But is that possible?

"What happened to him? Did he come back safely?"

"of course. 200 years ago, the Messenger of God departed with his companions to Heaven, where they heard of the will of the great Ra."

"How did you get back? Is it through the entrance?"

"Impossible. As you might have guessed, Heaven's Gate works as an immortal function. Immortal functions are also possible because there is a door. However, since there is no medium to activate the immortal function in heaven, we have to use another method to return."

"What method?"

"I don't know anything about it. However, there is a record that they said that it was not a lucrative business when they returned."

Silence hung over.

To say that even the unknown space where God exists is not a lucrative trade means that it is impossible to return to one's own skills.

Canis' words were finally understood. Not being able to come back was, in a sense, a more serious problem than death.

It's not like going to a distant country by boat. It was to pass through time and space and arrive at a star somewhere.

"I'm telling you honestly. I know it's dangerous. But the fate of the tribe is at stake. If you help Kergo, I'll do everything I can. If you want gold, I'll give it to you. If you want a woman from Kergo... ... ."

"No, I don't want anything. I don't think I can get any compensation."

At the banquet, he agreed by asking to hear about it, but things were different from now on.

To be honest, even if I gave them billions of dollars, I wouldn't change my mind. but... ... I heard an intense curiosity equal to the fear of death.

Thinking of the best answer, Shirone spoke without asking her friends' opinions.

"Let me think about it."



@



Left alone at the altar, Kadum looked at the stars.

The servile look he had shown to Shirone and the others had disappeared. Standing with his chin held high like a ruler of the Toa Mountains, he felt the presence and looked away.

An old man came coughing from the entrance of the altar. It was Hasid the Elder.

"Are you really going to let them go?"

When Hasid treated him with respect, Khadum's impression distorted.

"Father, it is not good to talk like that to your son."

"A son? You know that my son is no longer here, Father?"

It was a strange situation where they called each other father. Of course, it was more bizarre for the gray-haired Hasid to call the stalwart Khadum his father.

Kadum revealed his true colors. The experience of a person who had lived for over 200 years could be seen in the shining eyes.

"Hey, are you still misunderstanding? Kadum's death was an accident. I didn't kill him."

"Of course you would. But if my son hadn't died, my father, who was named Kang, would never have taken on the name of Khadum and become chieftain again."

Khadum turned to Hasid.

"What do you want to say?"

"Father, they cannot succeed. Even if the boy is a messenger of God, he will not come back with anything our tribe wants."

"Even so, it doesn't matter. After all, the riches remain here. If it comes back with what it wants, I don't mind giving it any amount, but if it fails, I'll just deal with it. Everything is for Kergo."

"Is it really so? My father was granted 300 years of life through a messenger from God 200 years ago. Doesn't that have nothing to do with Kergo?"

Hasid glared at Kadum with contempt.

The child is so frail that it is difficult to take a step, but the father is enjoying his youth with strong muscles and a sleek body.

After gaining a lifespan of 300 years, the chief ran out of control. In order to increase the lifespan, he searched for unlockers in various places and spent a huge amount of money. As the tribe's fortunes dwindled, even the loops were sold to outsiders.

On the one hand, I thought that it was inevitable.

It is eternal life. is eternal youth What would be a waste of anything in the world if you could only get it?

"Isn't that enough now? Since that day, many Unlockers have left, but none have returned. If you cling to eternal life, you will lose your humanity. Miro-nim realized the fact early on and issued a warning."

"Shut up! There is no chieftain who can lead a tribe as strongly as I do. Have you forgotten how miserable Kergo was when you were chieftain? You are just a failed leader. Kergo needs me. I am Kergo itself!"

Hasid was speechless as he looked at Khadum, who was crying towards the sky.

father is strong He was over 200 years old and was equipped with powerful weapons. As he rants, he may even raise his tribe.

But maybe... ... Finally, Kergo will disappear from the world.



@



Shirone and the others headed to the inn.

The cave stretching northwest from the plaza was complicated, but it was just an area with many cumbersome crossroads for Shirone, who used to come and go in and out of Estas.

The accommodation was a large room with an unexpected bed. In addition, there was even a storage closet next to the bed.

It is a room for outsiders only. How many people have stayed here so far? Did they go to heaven? Or has it now disappeared from the world?

The chief's words were so shocking that even after arriving at the inn, everyone was silent.

The people who undressed and put them in the closet looked back at Canis. Messenger of God, heaven, matter of Kergo. Now it was his turn to tell him what he knew.

"I kept my promise. So please explain."

"It is literally. You heard everything."

Amy sat next to Shirone. She then shot back, facing Kanis.

"Heaven, do you mean that such a place really exists? How long have you known?"

"To be honest, I am not sure either. Besides, I think it would be quicker to hear from Shirone about that question. Hasid asked you. What did you see in the space-time of the labyrinth?"

Amy turned to Shirone and asked.

"It was. Shirone, tell me. What did you see?"

"It's not something, it's a place."

Canis' guess was correct. Shirone nodded her head obediently and continued her explanation.

"right. It was somewhere."

There was the sea and I could see the forest. A spire stood in the center of the city surrounded by circular walls.

Shirone was sucked into the light on top of the spire, and when she came to her senses, she was already back at the altar.

"This is all I have ever seen. If that place were paradise, the story of Kadum wouldn't be absurd either. So before I judge, I want to hear what Kanis has to say. How on earth did you know?"

Harvest, who was standing guard at the gate, returned to Canis. He was usually the one who spoke rude words nonstop, but now he just kept his silence.

"My master, Arcane... ... He seems to have been to a place called heaven."

Shirone got out of bed.

Arcane has been to heaven. Since he was betrayed by Alpheas, he has been locked in a dungeon for 50 years, so the timing must have been a long time ago.

"Are you saying that Arcane also came to Kergo Ruins?"

"no. it would have been somewhere else As Kadum said, it seems that historical sites all over the world are connected to heaven in some way. Of course, it's a situation controlled by the country you belong to, but I don't think I even knew it existed 80 years ago. In that sense, the Kergo ruins are unusual."

Eighty years ago, when Arcane was only 60 years old. Compared to the lifespan of a human, it is not a small age, but considering how strong the 149-year-old Arcane was, it was good to say that the power of magic was in its heyday.

"What is in Heaven? What kind of place is that?"

"I don't know about that."

Shirone narrowed his eyes.

Not knowing doesn't make sense If Arcane experienced heaven, Kanis had to know about it. It was because Harvest inherited Arcane's knowledge.

Harvest supplemented the explanation.

"What Kanis said is true. Arcane erased the memory of Heaven. The only thing we know is that he has been to heaven."

"You erased your own memory?"

"yes. completely erased So I don't know what they did there. Perhaps he did not want the story of heaven to be known to the world."

Shirone, who knew that he was an Arcane, couldn't believe it. What is the secret that the world-recognized third-class wizard had to hide even while erasing his memory?

"Canis, what is heaven? Is this really where the gods live?"

"Nothing is certain. that's why i'm going I want to see it with my own eyes So take me there."

"No, I have changed my mind a bit. You are right. It's too dangerous. This is not a place to go out of curiosity."

"No, I don't care what you think. The deal I offered is to send me and Arin there. No matter what happens, we will definitely go to heaven."

"Honestly, I don't want to let you go either. You said that once you enter, you cannot return to the original door. Besides, if I don't go, they won't let me use Heaven's Gate. Because the chief looked desperate."

=======================================
[174] 1. Kergo Autonomous District (6)





Shirone was right. As you can tell by looking at the difficulty level of the Accomplishment and Sacrifice Room, what Kergoin wanted was no idle talk.

A person who can prove his strength in the space-time of the labyrinth or open all 8 at the same time. If it is not at that level, you cannot even enter the autonomous region, let alone the gate of heaven.

-Canis, I think it's time to take it out. If Shirone doesn't go, we can't go to heaven either.

- But it's surprising. I never thought I'd be so scared

-If you look at it favorably, it must be insightful. Based on the information I heard, my senses seem to move. Let's start anyway.

After collecting Harvest's opinion, Canis looked back at everyone. Then he held out his hand and spoke insinuatingly.

"If I... ... What if there was a way to get back here?"

2. Guffin's Gate (1)





As if electricity was flowing through the room, light flashed in Shirone's eyes. It was a new phase.

The reason Shirone perceives heaven as a danger is that the probability of returning is remarkably low. But if there is a way out, the story is different.

"Tell me in detail. What is the way to come back?"

"As you know, we were robbed by the Magic Association of the property we inherited from Master. I ended up sitting on the sidewalk. But he didn't want to get help from Alfeas either. Anyway, while he was thinking about what he could do, Harvest brought out his old memories. I traveled with Arin while you guys were in school. Archmage Viltor Arcane found a secret location he never wanted to reveal. Because the memories were erased, the Magic Association couldn't find it as much as this place."

"You mean there was a way to get back here in that secret place?"

"no. It's not like that. I will show you."

Arin took out a cube box from his chest.

The surface was engraved with both intaglio and embossed patterns. It was close to black, but depending on the direction the light came in, it gave off an iridescent color. The gap was wide open like a cube, so it seemed like it would turn around if you turned it by hand.

Tess had never seen the object Arin was holding. However, he had heard about the colors that caused diffuse reflection and the patterns that could not be imitated until his ears were worn out.

"That is an ancient artifact. It is made of a metal that does not exist in the world and has a pattern imbued with magical powers on its surface. I heard that it can't be used until it's unsealed because of its strong lock. Am I right?"

"right. Incidentally, this means the lock is unlocked. You can use it right away."

Tess' eyes lit up.

The reason why the Elzain family collects information on ancient weapons is that they have the power to shake the nation's foundation.

As far as she knows, breaking the seals on ancient artifacts is an international taboo. When a country unlocks an artifact, that country is making a gesture that it is prepared to wage war against the world.

"Can I have a look?"

When Shirone spoke, Arin handed over the ancient artifact. His friends flock to Shirone's bed.

Shirone scrubbed the surface and inspected the cracks. As I was looking around, I wondered what kind of device I touched, and the cube opened based on the center line, revealing a glass tube.

Surprised Shirone pressed the cube, but it did not close as if it had been fixed.

Undecipherable characters floated inside the glass tube. The possibility of an explosion could not be ruled out unless we knew what it was used for.

"Wow, it's pretty."

On the other hand, Tess' eyes lit up. Growing up listening to relics instead of fairy tales from a young age, her heart was full.

After receiving the cube from Shirone, she asked Canis.

"By the way, where are you writing this? No matter how I look at it, I don't know how to use it."

"I don't know the details either. Arin found it. Throw it here."

Tess held up the cube and carefully passed it over. However, Kanis threw it at Arin without any tension as if he had already gone through an experiment.

Watching Arin handle the cube, Shirone realized that she hadn't figured out how to use it out of luck.

When most people see an ancient artifact for the first time, they will try to make inferences based on what they know. Shirone also thought of cubes and bombs. However, without the obsession of form, she was able to find the singularity of things.

Realizing the power of menarche, Shirone listened to Arin's explanation.

"I don't know why, but when I press certain things, they work. After doing this here... ... I think you can press this part."

Red light emanated from the glass tube and stained the room red like blood. cried Amy, covering her face with her pillow as Arin set her down on the floor.

"what? Are you exploding?"

Not sure how useful the pillow might be in stopping the explosion, she poked her eyes out over the pillow as if fully prepared, waiting for a response.

The machine beeping speeded up, followed by a note, and the red light disappeared.

Arin, who picked up the ancient artifact, continued his explanation by pointing to the floor where the cube was placed.

"This is space input. It remembers where the cube is placed. Then I will try again."

When I touched the cube, the glass tube emitted a blue light this time.

Arin looked around for a suitable place and placed an ancient artifact near Shirone.

The glass tube turned white, and a huge black sphere was born in the air of the cube. A sphere of the same shape and size was also floating at the place Arin pointed to earlier.

"Oh, what about this?"

Shirone was taken aback.

It was a black hole seen in the space-time of the labyrinth. The ability to compress and penetrate space. The purpose of this ability was clear.

"Now I get it. this is a portal A portal that penetrates space-time."

"You got it right. It's a device called a metagate. This device will be our secret weapon. First, I'll show you a demonstration with Harvest."

Canis knew that no one would readily throw themselves at the black sphere. The lifeless Harvest was perfect for such an experiment.

When Harvest put his hand into the black hole, a hand came out of the black hole on the other side.

Amy and Tess jumped onto the bed.

The distance between portals is 3 meters. Harvest was on either side, separated by three meters. If the experiment had been performed on humans, a more bizarre scene would have been produced.

"Hehe, it's fun every time we do this, right?"

"Harvest, this is dangerous. Come out now."

Arin said anxiously. According to the experiment, the time the portal was maintained was 1 minute.

After Harvest escaped and the portal disappeared, Canis picked up the cube again and spoke triumphantly.

"how? It is a warp device that connects time and space by remembering the location of a specific point. If you memorize the location of this place and use it in heaven, you can come back anytime."

As an impossible situation turned into a possible one, a ripple rippled through the hearts of Shirone and the others.

Tess said in a trembling voice.

"this... ... Isn't that huge?"

Since he was Archmage Arcane, he risked his life to go to heaven, an ancient artifact he must have possessed. That alone was enough for a top-secret state secret.

What's even more amazing is the fact that the seal has been broken.

If the existence of this object were revealed to the world, it was clear that diplomatic friction would arise.

It was not at the level of the magic circle used by the parrot mercenaries.

What would happen if one Ganja infiltrated the castle and activated the metagate? Troops will come flooding in and the kingdom will be in danger of being overthrown. Such were the ancient relics.

Amy came to the same conclusion. It is also used, but it is beyond imagination even if it is valued in terms of money.

I don't know how much legacy Arcane left to Canis, but there was no doubt that this one item would be worth many times that amount.

"this... ... Can I sell it?"

I know it's nonsense. But the question was also true.

To be honest, I was dying of curiosity. 10 billion? 100 billion? If she could sell it, her 12th-generation granddaughter would one day bow before Amy's portrait every night. I could see why Kanis kept her secret.

Tess thought seriously. She looked over her metagate with her chin resting on her chin like her appraiser, then she shook her head, she said.

"Honestly, no one can buy this. At least it should be at the national level. Money is money, but the impact will be enormous. Outside of the country, the most ideal buyer would have an ivory tower."

If you are a wizard living in the kingdom of Tormia, you cannot be free from the Magic Association. And there are magic associations in other countries as well.

However, the ivory tower was not a place to approach with that concept. They were those who explored magic regardless of the world situation. It was a transnational organization, and its armed forces were not pushed back even when it fought all over the world.

"The ivory tower is a place called the sharp edge of the world. Even if it's an ancient artifact, I don't think they'll move."

"From a wizard's point of view, you might think so. First of all, because it is a thing. But there are plenty of possibilities. You can tell just by looking at the Ex-Machina incident 70 years ago."

"Ex-Machina?"

"It's the name of an ancient weapon possessed by the country of Korea. I heard from his dad that he had previous work in Cotria to increase the security of the Ex Machina. It was a job to move it to a new bunker 30 meters away from its original location, but the international community was in a frenzy. It felt like a world war would break out any minute. Do you know what that means? That's what happens just because the ancient weapon moved 30 meters."

"It's terrifying. What weapon is it?"

"The Elzain family also participated in the espionage war, but they couldn't find out anything. I don't know what shape it is, how big it is, or even how it works. However, judging from the reaction of neighboring countries at the time, it is highly likely that it will be a MAP weapon."

"A map weapon?"

"It is not a weapon used in the field. It's a name that means that the top leadership decides on a map. The seal hasn't been broken yet, but I don't know. Because 70 years have already passed."

Map weapons have no humanity. Because nothing is shown on the map. It is not depicted who lives there, what culture they enjoy, and what they must protect. It was a world calculated only with a triangular ruler, compass, and pencil.

Kanis just listened to the people criticizing other people's things.

I have no intention of selling Master's relics. The reason for his silence was to imprint his sacrifice. Until he revealed the ancient artifact, he was determined to go to heaven.

"Um, Ex-Machina. And this is Metagate."

Shirone stopped muttering and looked back at Canis.

"Oh, but how do you know the name? You said Arcane erased her memory, right?"

"It was written on a note. Although it was just a list of words. Even if you find a secret place, it must have been so that you wouldn't be able to guess what it was. It's the meticulousness of a master."

"What else was written on it?"

"It's nothing particularly great. There was no explanation of heaven at all. I guess you didn't want to reveal that much. But we can explore. It's because there is a metagate. How about it, can this be enough to trade for Immortal Function?"

There was room for thought. Just looking at the fact that heaven, which had only approached with fear, turned into a small thrill. With Canis, the chance of survival increases dramatically. But... ... what does he get?

"Why do you want to go to heaven? It just doesn't make sense just because Arcane went. It's not like there's any detailed information. I think you can make a judgment only after hearing your motives for going to heaven."

Seeing Shirone scrutinizing the possibility of a trap to the end, Canis felt more confident. If I had to leave for a dangerous place, it would be several times more efficient to accompany Shirone rather than a lesser wizard.

=======================================
[175] 2. Guffin's Gate (2)





"I estimate that Master went to heaven about 80 years ago. Do you know what that means?"

"No, I don't know."

"The Master before going to Heaven and the Master who returned from Heaven have different grades designated by the Magic Association. In other words, he realized something in heaven and became a great wizard. All wizards want to become archmages. Knowing this fact, it doesn't make sense to not go to heaven."

Shirone had no choice but to admit it. If the arcane who returned from heaven became a 3rd grade, it was said that something that awakened him existed in heaven.

As Shirone showed signs of shaking, Canis divulged the last bits of information she had left.

"Most of Master's notes were written in words, but at the end, there was only one sentence written on them."

"Which sentence is it?"

"It was like this. It is the origin of everything. The source of schema and... ... ."

Ryan's eyes shone.

"Schema?"

Kanis ignored it and continued.

"Forgotten ancient magic... ... ."

Amy asked.

"Ancient magic?"

"The silent ancient weapons... ... ."

Tess shouted.

"Ancient weapon!"

said Canis, frowning.

"... ... Are you doing this on purpose?"

"Ho-ho-ho! sorry. tell me quickly."

Tess was annoyed at making jokes, but Kanis eventually recited the entire sentence.

"Leave it in this metagate. It was written on the note."

It was a note left so that those who did not know the existence of heaven could not access the information.

A secret place that even Harvest, who inherited Arcane's memories, found after wandering around the continent. The fact that he put up a smoke screen until the very end showed how much he wanted this fact to remain unknown.

Even so, I left a record like this... ... I wondered if it was an unavoidable bad temper.

Although it was no more than a single sentence, the note contained important information. First of all, there is schema and magic in heaven. Therefore, it is highly likely that humans are living there. In addition, ancient artifacts must have been piled up like a mountain.

Arcane was saying this through text. Swordsmen and wizards of the world, beyond the metagate, ancient artifacts are piled up like a mountain.

So, what exactly is an ancient artifact? There is no record of the artifact in any history book.

Shirone got a sense of what heaven is like.

"Ancient magic. Antiquities. Origin of everything."

"yes. Master knew. Since when did humans learn schema and use magic? If it is a biological principle, the schema must be expressed in animals as well. But no matter how much we go back in history, nothing comes out about the schema and the birth of the Spirit Zone. Do you know what this means?"

"Humans were aware from the beginning. It's ironic, but is that what you want to say?"

"That's right. More specifically, schemes and magic existed before humans existed. Kadum called heaven home. It's just a myth, but from now on we have to use the myth as a compass to move forward."

The world before history awaits them. There may be a hidden origin of mankind that no scholar has been able to uncover. Somewhere in a star in the sky whose distance cannot be measured.

"I have told you everything I know. The bottom line is to go there. Not only to carry on Master's legacy, but also to further improve magic. Arin and I have reached an agreement on this. No matter what happens, there will be no resentment."

"I-I want to go too!"

Amy expressed her intention to join.

The opportunity to increase the level of magic did not come often to wizards. Also, the fact that Kanis and Arin became rivals from the same school also helped move his heart. I don't know how dangerous it is, but isn't there a metagate? It would be foolish not to even try when there is a way to get back.

"If Amy goes, I'll go too! Shirone, let's go!"

Tess sided with Amy. An ancient weapon without an owner was waiting, but there was no reason not to go.

The value of metagate alone is enormous. Ancient weapons are objects made of metals that do not exist in the world. I thought that even if I picked up a single stone lying on the street, it would be worth it.

"no. I'm not taking anyone. i won't go either It's too dangerous. I don't think it's the right choice for us to go to heaven."

Everyone put on a bewildered expression at Shirone's words.

It was a shame to give up like this. It was a chance that no magician in the world could find. Didn't the arcane also rise to the ranks of the archmage after gaining enlightenment in heaven?

"I know it's dangerous. But isn't there a way to get back to Kanis?"

"It's not that kind of problem. It doesn't matter if there is an exit or not. Just because I can open the gates of heaven, I can't put you in danger."

Canis gnashed her teeth.

I knew Shirone's philanthropic spirit from the moment he jumped off the cliff of the impassable bridge. That's why I came up with a strategy and brought the situation to this point. But even this could not break the stubbornness of the iron wall.

"If you're that scared, don't go. But we made a deal. You will have to let me and Arin enter the gates of heaven."

"no. I won't let you go either."

"You bastard! Are you going to beat me for betrayal now?"

"I can't even think of it like that. But now you are also a classmate who entered our school. It is unacceptable for me to open the door and send you to your limbs."

"Who cares about my life? I do my job! And you can come back anytime!"

Aiimage, who always respects Shirone's wishes, sided with Canis this time.

"Yes, Shirone. It's a good opportunity. And didn't you take this risk from the start? You came all the way here to learn about the maze."

Shirone's voice rose.

"Change your position and think about it. If it were you, could you ask to enter the gates of heaven? Can you take us to the star we saw earlier?"

'No, I can't even die.'

It was such a problem. A separate issue from risk.

If Shirone had come alone, and if the present situation were ready, she would enter heaven right away.

But as an unlocker, it was immature to go in with the lives of friends. Shirone, at least among them, had the responsibility to judge in the most mature manner.

Amy, who was lost in thought, blew a chestnut on Shirone's forehead. She said as Shirone grabbed her tingling forehead and looked at her with a bewildered expression.

"Of course I will ask to go to heaven. This is a one-of-a-kind opportunity."

Amy lied.

Worrying about your friend's well-being is also a factor that hinders your cool-headed judgment. Then, I thought that relieving the burden was the first thing to do.

But Shirone was already seeing through.

"Do not lie. This is really dangerous. Even if there is a metagate, do you know where it is? It's not like you're going and coming back right away. Why don't you know that the greater the desire to go, the higher the risk?"

"Then why did you bring me here?"

"what? that's... ... ."

"You said you could be at ease with me. Isn't that why you came home? Or what, did you mean to go sightseeing with a girl?"

Amy fired aggressively. Whether it worked or not, Shirone was speechless. He brought the senior class, who was a waste of a day, to the island, so he was responsible for that.

Tess tapped her chest and agreed with Amy.

"So do i. Even if the person who opens the door is you, it is entirely my will other than following. You don't have to worry about it until then. Besides, if we're going anyway, Lian and I will be able to fully contribute."

In any party, inspection is important. They had bravery and animal senses that wizards didn't have. The one-second opportunity they created will be a turning point that will separate life and death for wizards.

While Shirone was struggling, someone knocked on the door.

Kanis hid the metagate. However, the owner of Knock did not open the door until permission was given.

When Shirone allowed entry, Mahatu entered. An uninvited guest was an uninvited guest.

As Shirone and the others looked at each other blankly, Mahatu hesitated before speaking.

"Sorry for the day. I came here to formally apologize."

"It's okay, because I forgot everything."

Of course Amy didn't forget. However, she decides to move on thinking that an apology isn't the only reason Mahatu was visiting.

As expected, Mahatu got to the point.

"Are you going to heaven?"

Shirone did not answer. Although swayed by the strong persuasion of his friends, his thoughts were still question marks.

"Don't go."

Friends' eyes crumpled.

According to the chieftain, Shirone was the key to the rise and fall of the Kergo tribe. It was surprising that Mahatu, who knew that fact better than anyone else, stopped.

Kanis, who thought Shirone had almost crossed over, said displeasedly when Mahatu struck the candle.

"What are you talking about? Aren't you going?"

"Excuse me for a moment."

Mahatu crossed his arms. As he inhaled, his muscles swelled and an intense energy emanated from his eyes.

It was an overwhelming pressing.

Shirone and the others felt the illusion that their bodies were falling backwards. Maybe it's passing. If I had carried it to my death, I wouldn't have been able to breathe.

Mahatu, not intending to insult, quickly released the pressing. But the air was still heavy.

"sorry. I was presumptuously showing off my clumsy skills."

No one took Mahatu's apology as sincere.

There is nothing absolute about strength, but there is a clear line between good and bad. If it was Mahatu's level, he would have known his own strength.

"I can't go to heaven. It's because I haven't proven myself in the room of achievement and sacrifice."

Shirone realized Mahatu's intentions. It was to inform him of the level of difficulty of the kingdom of heaven based on his own strength.

It may not be possible to compare warriors and wizards on the same basis, but it was convincing enough.

"Are you going to take the Kergoin test?"

"of course. If you prove your strength in the Chamber of Accomplishment and Sacrifice, even Kergo's warriors will be qualified to go to heaven."

"But to get there... ... ."

"Yes. You must have an unlocker. When the gate to heaven buried in volcanic ash was restored, countless people left for heaven. But few returned. That's why Miro created a room of achievement and sacrifice to test your skills. Of course, Unlocker is an exception, but it is better not to go unless your skills are good enough to pass."

Few people returned, but the fact that Miro's name came from Mahatu was surprising.

"How do you know the maze? Have you ever met in person?"

"It is not. But most of her executives know about her."

"Can you elaborate? We are here to learn about the labyrinth."

"Indeed, you did."

Mahatu realized why Shirone was not swayed by gold coins or women. If he's a man entangled with the labyrinth, he'll certainly be different from the dissolute unrockers.

"500 years ago, the Kergo civil war broke out. It was a conflict between the group following the angels and the group opposing the angels. The anti-angel faction has won. However, a sudden volcanic eruption brought the tribe to the brink of destruction. People of the sect of angels interpret volcanic eruptions as catastrophes sent by angels."

Scholars' view that Ruff caused a civil war is incorrect. Just by adding the word angel, it was clear that it was a top secret shared only by Kergo's leadership.

"After 250 years, an outsider found this place. His name is Mackline Guffin. He was an Unlocker like Shirone-sama. He restored the ruins of Kergo, buried in volcanic ash, and opened the gates to Heaven. We call it the Guffin's Gate. But as a result, the incident caused another turmoil. The riots of 250 years ago have begun to be encouraged again. This time, the faction that followed the angels was victorious. It's a change of government. That is the current Kergo."

=======================================
[176] 2. Guffin's Gate (3)





"Chief Kadum is the current head of that faction."

Shirone recalled the two gazes she felt at the banquet. The elders who welcomed Unlocker would be angels, and those who looked intently at them would be anti-angels.

According to that classification, Hasid, the patriarch's father, was half an angel. And Mahatoo too.

"Chief Khadum is destroying Kergo. It's funny that I, who smuggle loops, say this, but I don't think it's right to leave the fate of the tribe to the Messenger of God. In fact, I come from anti-angel faction blood, and I was originally destined to be a slave. You may have heard about human tourism by the Galliant Municipality. Most of the victims there were anti-angel factions. My mother was also kidnapped by outsiders."

Amy decided to erase the remnants of Mahatu. If her parents had been through that, it would be understandable for her to express her animosity towards strangers.

"100 years ago, the Kergo tribe was shaken by the invasion of civilization. The anti-angel faction's wrath intensified when the Galliant Autonomous Government began a manhunt. A third civil war was in the air, and destruction seemed inevitable. But there is someone who reversed it all. The person who ended the civil war by designing the room of achievement and sacrifice to prevent reckless passage to heaven. That is Mr. Miro."

Shirone recalled the image of the maze. There were times when he felt terrifying in his eyes, which seemed to have a lot of emotional change. However, she was a human being before entering her maze of space-time.

"In fact, it is not without conflict even now. But it's much better than it was back then. Thanks to Miro. If it had not been for him, I would have been nothing more than a slave."

"Where is Maze now?"

Shirone knew that she was staying in the middle dimension of Istas. But on the other hand, she thought that she might be everywhere.

"After designing the Chamber of Achievement and Sacrifice, Lady Maze entered Guffin's Gate. I wasn't there, but I heard that he left the word that he was going to meet Guffin."

Amy asked with a puzzled expression.

"wait for a sec. Aren't guffins from 250 years ago? How can I meet him?"

"I don't know that either. But it was clearly written that way."

Shirone thought it was possible.

The fact that he installed the Guffin's door meant that he was an unlocker who used scale magic. If the maze has a strong spatial aspect, wouldn't the guffin have a temporal aspect?

Armin, the Eternal Reflector, came to mind. He, too, had been contemplating stop magic for over 100 years, so it wasn't surprising that Guffin was still alive in some way. Didn't even the great mage Arcane survive 150 years with only his biological abilities?

Kanis had no interest in the maze. However, the room of achievement and sacrifice she designed was an important clue to her journey to heaven.

"Then, where is the person who passed through the labyrinth of time and space waiting? Since Shirone came, shouldn't they go with them too?"

After hearing it, Shirone was also curious.

People who proved their strength in the labyrinth's space-time. If they were still here, we might have gotten more clues.

"Whether or not to accompany is a matter for the messenger of God to decide, but currently no one has. The last team left for heaven two years ago and never returned."

It was shocking that it was two years ago. More often than expected, people are heading to heaven.

The reason Kadum hid this fact was because he was an angel. He was hoping that more people would go to heaven.

Amy asked another question.

"Every Kergoin believes in Ra, right? But how could a faction arise against an angel?"

"I am also an anti-angel, but I do not know how the first civil war occurred. A volcanic eruption 500 years ago destroyed most of the records. Call it the lost record. Honestly, I don't even know if volcanic eruptions are the power of angels. It's just that the story is being told."

Mahatu's story influenced judgment. Even if there was a way to return, it was a matter of caution. I couldn't even get a sense of what heaven was like.

"If you go anyway... ... I won't dry it. No, there is no way to dry it. But I want you to know. The fact that all those who have passed through the time-space of the labyrinth have been stronger than me."

Mahatu turned around, but in the end, they were saying that they were stronger than Shirone and the others. Even such people could not return from Heaven.

In the heavy atmosphere, Shirone and the others were lost in thought. Mahatu bowed his head, realizing that his sincerity had been conveyed.

"I respect Shirone-sama's will not to be shaken by tribute. It must have come with some meaning, not a common worldly desire. So I thought I should tell you the truth. Whatever choice you make, it's none of your business, but please make your decision carefully."

"Yes. I heard important information. thank you."

Silence came as Mahatu left the room.

Heaven was still attractive, but no one tried to convince Shirone.

Shirone's insight was correct. It was a situation where only Shirone could decide, and the rest had no choice but to follow.

"The headmaster... ... How long did you know?"

The person who came to mind at the end of the thought was Alpheas. Knowing that Shirone is an Unlocker, why did he tell me about the Kergo Ruins?

"Maybe you know what we know? You said that Miro was the principal's pupil. She must have heard about her actions."

"Why did you allow it? What if the reality we are facing is happening outside the principal's expectations? Then what should I choose?"

"There is such a problem. I don't know how far he expected it, but maybe he thought you wouldn't go to heaven? Because the country will too. Ultimately the problem is... ... ."

Kanis threw the metagate and said.

"It means I was a variable."

Alpheas did not expect Canis' existence. He would never have guessed that even if he expected, he would have found a route back.

All that was left was a choice.

First of all, it was positive that there was an exit. Unless it's a world filled with poisonous gas, you won't die as soon as you go there.

When you think about it like this, it's kind of silly not to even try. However, the worst situation of missing the opportunity to return could not be overlooked as long as one did not know what variables human psychology would act on.

By dawn, Shirone had not been able to sleep.



@



The next morning, Shirone and the others went down to the basement of the temple. Chief Khadum led, followed by Hasid and Mahatu.

Amy thought that this would be the secret area of ??the ruins that was impossible to explore with the Spirit Zone.



Upon reaching the lowest floor, there was a straight path through which traces of a volcanic eruption remained. Jewels studded along the walls were guiding the way.

When I opened the iron door and entered, a cavity appeared. Priests stood along the wall, and in the center was a lonely stone gate. The appearance of a door that is not connected to anywhere made it impossible to deny the existence of heaven.

Shirone reached the door.

Guffin's Gate. It was the entrance to heaven, reborn by Mackline Guffin, an Unlocker from 250 years ago. There was a red orb embedded in it, and a gap of vertical lines was dug around it.

Before coming here, the contract with Kadum had been terminated. His request was simple. He said that all you have to do is go to Ingris, the archive of angels, and convey the will of Kergo's chief, Kadum.

An angel's library. Kadum said that it would not be difficult since it was not a journey to reach God, but he only thought that it was a god and an angel and an impossible mission.

Shirone made eye contact with his friends. he will be able to come back perhaps. Since he had decided to go, he had no choice but to take it easy.

Amy nodded, and Shirone placed her hand on the orb in the center of the door.

The moment I took a deep breath and opened the immortal function, a flash of white light came out of the marble.

"Oh, oh oh oh!"

A voice of awe was heard. Even Mahatu, a half-angelpa, was on his knees and chanting Ankera.

Shirone concentrated more power.

Contrary to first thought, it was not a simple stone wall. The scratch on the door, which was thought to be a trace of the years, was revealed as an indecipherable magic letter as it glowed red.

As the magic worked, the stone wall began to fall apart in cubes the size of dice.

The fragments that had been disintegrating regardless of gravity were pulverized like powder and finally absorbed by light.

A white light burst out from the door and swallowed Shirone.

"The Guffin's door is open! Praise the angels!"

The priests fell down and shouted Ankera.

Shirone couldn't hear their voices. All he could hear was the beating of his heart.

For the first time, I felt afraid. It was just one step, but it was an eternity of distance. I didn't want to move.

A strong, warm hand touched his shoulder. It was Ryan.

Yes, you are not alone. Ryan will not give up under any circumstances.

Tess' delicacy, Amy's cleverness, Canis' defensive power and Arin's mental power. Harvest was also a strong ally now.

Isn't this a great party? A little bit relaxed.

Shirone stepped through the door.

When Shirone and the others left the altar, the white light coalesced into gray particles and the stone wall began to be restored.

The floating cubes found their respective positions and finished assembling them, and the magic letters lost their light.

No one was standing where the stone wall was closed.

The joint was silent.



@



Shirone gritted his teeth. Brilliant lights were racing all around.

What awaits at this end? No, is there an end? The melody of light that disturbed my eyes did not disappear even when I closed my eyes.

As if it had become a cannonball protruding from the gun barrel, the field of view was wide open.

The feelings of the group were the same. I just hoped it wouldn't be a world where brimstone fires were burning.

First impression wasn't bad. The air was clear and cool. But the moment I realized where I was, I screamed.

Guffin's door was on the ground, so how stupid to think it would come out.

They floated in the sky above the clouds. It was high enough to see the end and end of the sea with the naked eye.

The wizards cast teleportation, but in vain. It fell to the ground faster than a free fall, probably still affected by the Guffin's door.

The sea receded and I saw a dense forest.

Shirone found a city standing in the center of the forest in the distance. He was the same as he had seen in the labyrinth's space-time.

It was a castle surrounded by two concentric circles like a ripple, but the area was divided into six equal parts like a pie based on the inner concentric circle.

Machines resembling ladybugs were flying in the sky. I thought at first glance that it was similar to the human brain.

As the altitude decreased, even the city disappeared and eventually crashed into the forest. When I came down through the flood, I saw soil. If he was stuck like this, he would have died instantly.

I tried magic, but it was impossible. It wasn't until the pebbles rolling on the ground touched his retinas that the Guffin's Gate let them go.

3. Forest of the Vulgar (1)





out of heaven. purgatory.

Shirone touched her head first, not even having time to look around. It fell on his face first, so it was normal for his head to be smashed.

It seems that I lost consciousness for a moment, but when I came to my senses, I was standing with both legs on the ground without any injuries.

said Tess, looking around her body.

"Are we alive? Or is it dead?"

"Looks like you're alive? I see you are hungry."

Being hungry even under these circumstances was an expression of Lian's boldness, but in reality, he was trying to reassure Tess.

"Maybe we didn't fall from the sky."

Shirone explained by making use of his major.

"So it's like space travel. I came here simply through a tunnel, and I think I saw various landscapes as the space folded."

After all, it is space movement. However, it was a strange phenomenon that appeared because the distance traveled was beyond common sense.

=======================================
[177] 3. Forest of the Profane (2)





The group looked around. Trees with long leaves covered the sky.

Viewed from above, it seemed that there were no gaps, but the light crept in through every crack and illuminated the world. Moss and mushrooms grew in the shade, and the dampness of moisture was felt in the soil.

Even so, I didn't feel like it was similar to the original world.

The secret to feeling like time has stopped is the size of the rock.

The age of space can be determined by the weathering of rocks. However, the rocks here were of different sizes. There were small stones, but there were countless rocks as big as houses. It was impossible unless someone moved it.

"The material may be different from where we live. For example, it has durability to the extent that it will not deteriorate over time."

There was some truth in Canis' words.

Ancient artifacts are made of minerals that do not exist in the original world. And the fact that it is an ancient relic itself means that it is a pre-historic object. If it's from heaven, the rock that has endured eons of time is the living proof.

"After all, is this heaven?"

"Let's check the Spirit Zone first."

At Amy's words, each of them checked whether or not they were casting magic. Although the Spirit Zone is an area of ??omnipotence, I felt uneasy that the battery might be out of order in a physically distant world.

Are you happy? The magic was working normally.

"So this is heaven, right? Now, since we had a good look, shall we go back?"

Everyone looked at Tess. She shook her hand with an awkward smile as if she hadn't expected it to attract her attention.

"Ahaha, no, I'm kidding."

"no. I was seriously considering it."

To the extent that Lian said this, I could imagine how nervous the others were.

As if to prove that fact, Shirone and the others did not move even a single step from where they arrived.

Shirone said, taking a small but great step.

"Let's move first. Whether it fell from the sky or curved space, you've seen the city. Can't we just walk that way? At least that means there is civilization."

Where there is civilization, there are laws. Of course, it was unknown whether the law was valid for common sense, but it was a more realistic decision than spending the night in the woods, not knowing what might come out of it.

"But how do you find the city? You don't know the direction."

"I can do that."

Amy's eyes reddened. Reading the information stored in her memory of her self-image, she pointed to the side where Lian was standing and said.

"From an azimuth perspective, there must be a city over there."

Amy's self-image memory perfectly restores a specific point in time. It was the same even when she flew an astronomical distance.

This was based on her abilities not being mathematical. Just as a compass points north regardless of space, she also has a kind of magnet that can center any variable.

Following Amy, the group did not miss the sounds coming from the scenery. I heard grasshoppers and birds, but for some reason I couldn't see them.

Realizing that it was a phenomenon that should not be overlooked, I stopped walking when I heard the rustling of grass in the forest.

Sensitive Tess drew out her saber and turned around. Lian stood beside her, holding the hilt of the greatsword.

"What is it, Tess?"

"do not know. I think someone is coming this way."

Amy asked with a nervous expression.

"Are you really sure about someone? What is it not?"

Tess couldn't answer. The sound of breathing was similar to that of a human, but it was something that could not be determined.

There is no guarantee that people will live here in the first place.

In a situation where you don't know what kind of monster will pop out, the tension of the party has risen to the limit.

Ssssss! Ssssss!

The sound of the vegetation shaking came close and fast. Tess was sure they were on their way, aiming for this place.

As the wizards entered the Spirit Zone, Lian drew his greatsword and hung it down. Whatever it was, the moment it came out of the forest, I intended to pick it up.

Lian, who was waiting for the opponent while taking a deep breath, made a puzzled expression.

Judging by the frequency of the sound, it should have arrived by now, which is normal. However, only the sound was still heard, and the other person did not reveal itself.

"Lian, you better back off."

Tess' voice trembled.

When she thought, there was only one possible case. It was a sound coming from farther away than expected.

When Lian, who maintained the posture to raise his sword, took a step back, there was a thump! thud! The ground rumbled.

Finally, after destroying the bush, the guy showed up.

"What, what is this?"

Shirone looked up. With his head lifted as high as he could break.

was a giant

It is also a giant with a height of 8 meters. She was naked, but there were scraps of cloth draped in places.

His beard came down to his chest, and his face was lined with unsightly wrinkles. In contrast, her body was as strong as that of a young man.

Tess looked at her groin with a strategic decision to find a vital spot. It was flat. His face was also male, and his breasts were not protruding, but he had no genitalia.

"there... ... Something bad has happened."

Arin said. Tess, who entrusted Lian with the giant's search, looked behind her and asked.

"what's the matter? Is the situation worse than the current situation?"

"I don't know which one is worse, but it's the first time this has happened."

Shirone also looked back at Arin. How does her menarche look at the current giant?

"I can't read emotions. Are you angry, are you laughing, are you sad? Everything is jumbled up."

The most surprised was Canis. Harvest, materialized behind him, also tilted his head and looked at the giant.

"Arin... ... You can't read emotions?"

It can't be. In theory, this is impossible.

The ability of supergyeong brings the characteristics of all things in the world down to equal status.

If she blocked her emotions like Sakiri from the Magic Association, it would be normal if she showed at least that level of menstruation.

It was obviously odd that he couldn't read the giant's emotions.

"He who comes to Purgatory... ... . You who denied God... ... ."

I couldn't understand the giant's words. He didn't even seem able to get an interpreter. The only person his group could rely on was Arin.

But she shook her head again.

"I don't know. I cannot decipher it."

Menarche and even telepathy do not work. Arin was no different from a blind man. Unable to even read her opponent's expression, she borrowed Kanis' eyes.

"Canis, do you think that giant has hostility?"

"Anyway, I guess so."

Are you saying that Arin, who specializes in telepathy, can't even sense that he's alive? Even with the metagate, the reason why I stepped into the unknown world was because I believed in Arin's ability to neutralize experience.

Arin, it is impossible without Arin. Amy may have felt the same way, so she left her judgment to her until the end.

"Arin, what should we do now?"

"Oh, what to do? Of course you have to run away!"

As Arin quickly ran away, Amy lost her temper.

Kanis chased after her, and the others began to retreat as well.

Amy, who was the slowest to react, looked back at the giant. She was chasing after picking up a sapling that was nearly 2 meters tall.

"Gaaaaa!"

The giant's roar was equal to that of a sonic cannon. Amy kicked herself belatedly in her distraught state.

The roots of the sapling that the giant had swung grazed her collar.

"Because he is so big, he won't be able to catch up! You have to run away for now!"

"You don't have to say that quickly!"

Amy, who caught up with Arin with the schema, shouted. Fortunately, she dodged the blow, but a slight delay in her reaction would have split her back.

"Sorry! I didn't even know it was like this."

Arin did not evade responsibility.

It was an ideal team that entered heaven. Part of her contribution to her party, not being a battle mage, was to discern the tendencies of her enemies and objectively analyze the situation and communicate it to her leader. Now that its functions were paralyzed, all I could say was that I was sorry.

Because it was a community of destiny, no one blamed Arin. But she was worried about the future.

Arin's mental abilities were a huge advantage. It's too soon to conclude that she can't work against just one giant, but it's true that she's been twisted since the beginning of her journey.

At the sound of the ground shaking, Shirone turned around. It was a mistake to think that he would be slow because he was big. The giant followed closely.

Tess's voice was heard through Arin's mental channel.

-Shirone, give me instructions. Can't we just run away with teleportation?

-That's dangerous. We still don't know where this place is. If you encounter a greater danger, you will be annihilated there.

-But you can't keep running away, can you? To be honest, I don't even notice what's around me right now.

-... ... It doesn't. Then let's fight here. I think the order is to catch the giant first.

As Shirone took the battle line, Lian and Tess turned and sprang towards the giant.

Amy and Canis took positions on the left and right with Shirone at the center, and Arin played a supporting role at the rear.

Like a avant-garde knight, Lian tried to attack first.

There were many unpredictable variables in fighting an 8-meter-tall enemy. It was difficult to predict an attack from the top of the head, and the only area that could be targeted was below the knee.

Lian aimed at the Achilles heel.

The moment the greatsword was swung, the giant swung the tree trunk. At the halfway point, the weapons collided with each other, tearing the tree trunk apart.

It was not a situation that could be said to have been cut. The giant's physical strength was so strong that his weapon was destroyed.

The impact of the blow sent Lian flying 3 meters. She managed to land, but her legs dragged on the ground nonetheless.

Feeling a cramp in his right arm, he grabbed the blade of his greatsword with his left hand and assumed a fighting stance.

The giant's strength was amazing. But what surprised him more than that was that he was fast.

"How could this be? It's against the laws of physics."

An 8-meter-tall creature needs hundreds of times greater muscle strength than a human to support its body.

He thought that even standing there was a surprise, but his combative movements were comparable to those of a beast.

"Heresy... ... Punish!"

The giant vomited incomprehensible words and threw the cut up sapling at Tess.

The moment the 1-meter-long sapling landed on the ground, Tess took off and flew up.

The giant, who was in a throwing stance, threw out his fist in a connecting motion. Tess, floating in the air, seemed to have no way to escape.

At that moment, as if defying inertia, her body flew forward and landed on the giant's fist.

It was outside gravity.

Charged on the giant's forearm, she slashed her left eye with her saber and jumped down. and shouted at her party as the giant covered her eyes and lifted her upper body.

"Now!"

Shirone fired a photon cannon. He was in no position to spare his sanity given the size of the monster.

The light comparable to the size of a cannon ball hit the giant's abdomen directly.

As the giant's body bent as if holding a photon cannon in his arms, his two legs rose.

The sight of the giant being pushed back was hard to believe even after seeing it with my own eyes. Canis, who had been subjected to the same technique the other day, squinted in hallucinatory pain.

Shirone and the others thought it was over. However, the giant's legs, which had been level with the ground, came down and stopped pressing the ground with the soles of his feet.

Everyone is speechless.

I received the Photon Cannon with my body. Wasn't it the magic that had a destructive power close to 5,000 in the Achievement and Sacrifice Room? It might be an iron gate, but it was absurd that a creature made of flesh and blood could survive.

"Oh my gosh... ... How can you get hit and be fine?"

The giant's impression was crumpled. The wrinkled face was terrifyingly frightening.

At that moment, Amy's fireball flew from the side and burned the giant's face.

Amy's judgment worked. Fire is the natural enemy of cells. No matter how strong the muscle was, it was enough to burn it.

The beard-ridden giant grabbed his face and staggered.

I got goosebumps when I checked the face of the giant caught in flames. New skin was regenerating inside the melted and flowing skin.

Tess muttered in disbelief.

"Isn't that a ski? How does the giant skim?"

=======================================
[178] 3. Forest of the Profane (3)





Arin cast the power of darkness. Now that the giant was wounded, it was an opportunity to see if his abilities were working.

The power of darkness that Arin uses was a shadow that spreads branches like a plant. The branches dug into the giant's shadow came up like vines and grabbed his ankles.

Arin cast Mental Shock, a mental shock spell.

If telepathy is a thief, mental shock is a robbery. It was impossible to reach the trauma, but I was able to convey the shock of the phobia as much as I could.

The true strength of Mental Shock was that it could be linked with mind control.

Mind control, which was also Arcane's long-term skill, is magic that manipulates the opponent's body, but it is difficult to succeed.

Approaching 100 percent probability requires concentration equivalent to 20 times the opponent's mental strength.

After all, you can't dominate an opponent who is stronger than yourself.

However, depending on the strategy and tactics, sometimes that happens, and that was when the mental shock was successful.

As long as you can control the giants with mind control, there is nothing to fear in the forest. Kanis, who was aware of this fact, did not respond in any way and paid attention to the results.

Mental shock was a failure.

The giant, whose face was on fire, started charging at the party with even more violent movements.

Arin bit his lip. Telepathy, mental shock, mind control. The things called the three great spirits of the spirit system did not work on the giants.

It was the first feeling of helplessness she had ever experienced. Her tender sensibility soared on fire.

'Why? why doesn't it work? He's just a big human, isn't he?'

"scale! Harm!"

Canis blocked Arin and cast a shadow wall.

As the shadow stood up, the giant's fist was plunged into the shadow. The darkness of the shadow wall scattered like powder. It was an impact that exceeded the absorption of magic.

However, the giant could no longer push in as if his strength had been taken away.

Harvest rode the giant's wrist and cut the area where blood vessels would pass with his fingernails.

If you mastered the schema, the calculation that it would be similar to the human body was correct.

Blood fountains gushed out as the veins at the folds of the elbows were cut. But the wound quickly healed. She went mad and went on a rampage, perhaps motivated by her pain.

'Really strong. There are creatures like this in the world.'

When Shirone lured the giant away by teleportation, Lian cut off the giant's heel as if opening a gun.

Canis cast the power of darkness. The sawtooth shadow is specialized for attacks, but even with its ankle wrapped around it, it was unable to cut its muscles.

Canis, who was all about immobilizing the giant, shouted.

"It's a great monster! Do anything quickly!"

Amy's flame strike bombarded the giant's face. However, adding fire to the burning yard did not change anything. Although the power of the wind was added, it was weaker than the Photon Cannon compared to physical power only.

Shirone compressed the photons. Contrary to what everyone thought it was a photon cannon, the activation time was longer than expected.

Canis burst out annoyed at the sight of the mass of light being distorted.

"Damn it! what are you doing! I mean focus!"

"No, that's not it."

Arin said.

"You are changing the shape of the photon."

Since it cannot be defeated by physical force, it is converted into cutting force. If neither heat nor impact is of any use, you can create sharpness.

It was the right decision in the current situation.

But Kanis wondered if it would be possible. Changing the shape of light was beyond common sense.

Shirone felt it too. It was difficult to artificially suppress the light to be emitted. I thought it would be possible by making a difference in the direction of the force that compresses the photons, but the consumption of my mind was absurdly high.

A moan escaped through his teeth. As I tightened my shaky mind with diamonds and increased the intensity of my concentration, the photon was flattened.

The photon cannon, which had changed into a disk, rushed towards the giant.

The giant who cut off the power of darkness with force twisted his back. When the blade of light cut through his side, the wound opened a span and blood gushed out like a waterfall.

It was a fatal blow anyway.

Realizing that fact, the prosecutors and wizards turned their eyes and rushed at it.

Stabbed with a saber and beaten with a greatsword. After burning it with flames and cutting it with a saw of shadows, the giant's body fell backwards.

The attack continued, but it felt like dismantling the dragon with only a hand knife. Even a single muscle fiber had the strength of steel.

said Amy gasping.

"haha. dead? would be dead, huh? right?"

"do not know. must be dead Shall we do it one more time if we're anxious?"

Tess shuddered.

"No, I can't do it any more. There is a certain level of cruelty."

"I tried to cut my throat with the power of darkness, but it really didn't work. How about peeling off the flesh?"

Kanis's words seemed to be the decisive blow, and everyone backed away with their bloodless faces. In any case, the giant showed no signs of moving, and the wounds from Shirone did not regenerate, so it was best to leave it alone.

Tess gave Shirone a thumbs up.

"Nice, Shirone. Is this a new magic?"

"I was lucky. If the giant had avoided it, there wouldn't have been a second time. Just imagining it is terrifying."

Canis was displeased. Photon Cannon is a shock-oriented magic. But change the shape and convert it into cutting force? The idea itself is great, but as a dark mage, I couldn't help but feel like I was being taken away from my bowl.

"Hmph, since I won, it's a shame. It was like gambling. As long as we move as a team, the individual's mental strength converges with the party's mental strength. If he failed, he was incompetent. In a situation where even the magician's body can be a shield, it's dangerous to break the line."

"I know. I was embarrassed because the efficiency was worse than I thought."

Canis snorted and turned around. Although he had a blast, the insight that turned the line in that situation was definitely a talent.

Perhaps Arin had the same idea, he watched Shirone taking a break with menarche and said.

"I've felt it before, but that kid is really free to think."

It was a gamble, but it was a gamble with high probability.

Insight into what to give up and what not to give up to reach victory. If only 1 or 2 out of 10 were wrong, I wouldn't have reached the current result.

"Sheesh, he was a quick-witted guy from the beginning."

Kanis added a word. No matter what, we were a team now, and denying what we should admit was the result of an inferiority complex.

"Geuuuu."

When the giant groaned, Shirone and the others' hearts sank. He hadn't shown any signs of getting up yet, but he could see his fingers moving little by little.

Without even having to exchange opinions, we ran into the woods.

I still don't know what kind of world the place called heaven is, but I thought I would never fight a giant again.



@



With the addition of Rin's senses, Tess's senses, and Arin's ability to distinguish what is natural and what is not, Amy was able to find her way without any crisis.

The destination was a rocky area.

Canis and Arin liked that there were many shadows. This is because Shirone's magic is not affected by the environment, but dark magic is maximized in darkness.

"It's safe here. If necessary, you should be able to move to the Dark Fort."

"But Darkport can't move multiple people, right?"

Dark magic has no theory of transferring effects like photon magic. Therefore, it was impossible for anyone other than the Dark Wizard to ride in the shadows and move.

Kanis shrugged his shoulders as if it was no big deal.

"At least tactically it will help. Because here, I can lure the enemies alone."

Tess said as she handed over the water bottles that were returning in turn.

"A giant who uses schema. Isn't it too dangerous here? Besides, I'm worried that Arin's mental magic is useless."

"Sorry. I can't be of any help."

As Arin lowered his head, Tess waved her hands.

"no. Giants are what I couldn't handle. you won anyway It's important that we all worked together and won. Come to think of it, heaven is no big deal, ho ho ho!"

Tess eased the mood, but the wizards rather darkened their faces.

Unlike swordsmen who are prone to improvisation, wizards hate unexpected situations. They were the ones who could be relieved by controlling all the variables and finally mastering them.

The magic that transforms the form of photons was not included in the party management strategy.

Knowing that adding variable to variable will eventually lead to annihilation, they were not happy about the victory they gained by relying on individual ideas.

"In the previous battle, we did not have complete control of the situation. It's a little bit like saying this right after arriving, but I think it's necessary to consider returning at this point. What do other people think?"

As Shirone started rhyming, Amy said.

"I guess I was fine for the first time. Shouldn't we overlook the fact that we won? So what I mean is, anyway, Shirone has found a solution, and that solution has room to be applied in many situations in the future. Therefore, even if we meet the same enemy, we can avoid the current situation."

There was some truth in Amy's opinion.

Of course, Kanis was on the side of not going back. But he was not foolish enough to give false opinions out of greed.

"It's not that simple. Perhaps Shirone won't use the strategy from earlier. right?"

"right. It's too dangerous. Both the time to compress the photons and the efficiency are low. I don't think I'll try unless it's something very special."

"The idea was plausible. If a photon can contain mass, light can also change its shape because it is close to matter, did you think that?"

The reason Canis was able to read Shirone's thoughts was that the method he was trying to try was exclusively for dark magic.

"But it is a mistake. Crafting the mind is at odds with you. Because it is a characteristic of dark magic. Dark magic has low impact power, but exerts engineering power through shape transformation. For me, it's a cog, for Arin, it's a tree vine."

Arin demonstrated the power of darkness. The shadows rising from the ground turned into the shape of an elaborate apple tree. In addition, the size was adjusted to reveal the three-dimensional beauty.

As Shirone admired, Arin smiled and explained.

"Wizards use four methods, but dark magic specializes in mental work, so there is no need for a separate method. We call this modeling. Models with good stability, such as ice and darkness, are easy to model, while fire and light are very active and difficult to model."

Amy agreed.

"Come to think of it, so am I. I can't even control the shape of the flame. That's why we use magic by grafting air-type attributes."

"right. But light is harder than fire. No, modeling is theoretically impossible. It's like you can add the characteristics of light to other properties, but you can't add other properties to light. Of course, Shirone made it possible with God Particles, but it's just a special case. Thanks to that, I succeeded in modeling to some extent, but even that is difficult to use in practice."

Shirone sighed and said.

"Then how should we fight the giants in the future? It might be possible with a laser, but I don't think it will be easy considering the giant's movements."

The laser can destroy materials regardless of durability, but it takes time to accumulate energy, so it is less effective against fast-moving targets.

It was a magic that did not exist in the world, so if Harvest had known the characteristics of the laser in advance, he wouldn't have suffered as easily as the last time.

"The problem is that we've only ever met one giant. How strong are the giants in this world? Wouldn't knowing that help us explore?"

=======================================
[179] 3. Forest of the Profane (4)





At Lian's point, Shirone clicked with her fingers.

"I see. Let's think about it. Being alive means eating, and when you think about it that way, the food chain in an ecosystem is pyramid-shaped. If we extract only the distribution of predators from there and produce statistics, wouldn't it be roughly like this?"

Shirone drew a curved pyramid like a woman's body.

It was a form in which a small number of mutant predators were sandwiched between lower predators, intermediate predators, and higher predators.

Since only carnivores were marked, the lowest and middle classes showed equal distribution.

"What is a mutant predator here?"

"Because there are many species of predators that do not hunt for food. Whether it's by using traps, or there may be creatures that feed on intelligence. Kind of like monkeys in our world."

"Right. Then where is the giant located?"

"Since the gravity is similar and there is air, it won't deviate too much from biological characteristics. Assuming that, is it about here? Between mesopredators and superpredators."

"Oh, is the giant a mutant predator? Are you that strong?"

"Well, it could be a top predator. So, there is hope for us too, but is the fighting method too primitive? Even in the case of cats, the hunting method itself is sophisticated. But pulling out a tree and wielding it doesn't seem to help much in hunting. So I classified them as mutant predators."

Tess tilted her head and asked.

"Could it be a mutation between a lower predator and a mesopredator? Wouldn't that be a problem? That means most of the predators in this forest are stronger than the giants."

"I don't think so. Because it seemed to use language. If you have even a little bit of intellect, you can't be lower than a mesopredator."

said Canis.

"Right. Then you can say that the first giant we met was in the top 30%. Of course, it's not impossible that it belongs to a different distribution."

"Statistically, yes. Anyway, there won't be many of them. Based on my sensory calculations, the probability of encountering an enemy stronger than a giant seems to be less than 10 percent."

After sorting out the situation, Amy came to a conclusion.

"Isn't it okay then? It's not an opponent you won't be able to fight with the 6 of us. No one was hurt."

Shirone carefully analyzed the situation.

On a positive note, Amy is right. However, it was also true that probability was nothing more than a mirage in matters of life and death.

The fact that less than an hour had passed since I arrived in heaven seemed to make it impossible to turn my steps. It was just an illusion without any probability, but everyone should have known about it anyway.

After all, I still don't want to go back. Even if the danger is greater than now.

"Okay, let's go up to the wall for now. Because I don't want to give up here either."

Just as I was carrying my rucksack and preparing to set off, I heard an explosion in the forest.

Tess' hearing caught the woman's voice.

Anxiety that the situation might be more dangerous than the giant's attack passed by. However, it was said that a woman is truly an intelligent being. The information she could hear from her would be infinite.

After exchanging opinions while looking back at each other, Shirone and the others ran into the forest as if they had promised.



@



keying! Kick! Kick!

The six-legged horse's solitary ear burst into a wild cry.

The monopod, which belongs to crustaceans, was a creature that moved by sticking its six pointed legs into the ground like a triangular pyramid. Its light purple body was surrounded by a carapace, and a large eye was set in the center of its face. The long horn on his forehead looked longer and harder than the horn of a unicorn.

"Lena! Drive this way!"

"okay! Watch out, sister!"

Kanya and Lena surrounded Venom Ear from the front and back.

The woman with black hair down to her waist was Kanya, and the big-eyed, pretty child was her sister Lena.

As a race called Mecca, a subject of heaven, they boasted a slim jaw line, small nose, and lips as thin as a crescent moon compared to other races.

Their ages were 17 and 14, but I couldn't tell who was younger just by looking at their faces.

Having subdued the poisonous tail, Lena swung her sword aiming at the blind spot. A sword with numerous lines intersecting at right angles on its blade was highly effective, befitting a weapon made with a complicated assembly method.

When it hit the back of the monopod, a shock wave exploded with a bang, and fragments of the carapace bounced.

The poisonous ear, which had already been attacked for the third time, shrieked and moved aside. In response, Lena also threw her body.

The single eye of the solitary ear has a wide field of view that can see a radius of 330 degrees, but Lena sticks to the only blind spot of 30 degrees and strikes the carapace again.

As the excited monopod turned and charged, this time he held out a kite shield-shaped shield he was wearing on his wrist.

It was a small shield like a toy, but when the horns collided, an illusion of a shield several times larger than that popped out and pushed away the poisonous ear.

The upside-down Sophia Ear struggled on several legs like a scarab. I managed to find my center and stood up, but the shock kept staggering to the right.

Kanya aimed at the arc.

It resembled the shape of a bow, but was made of iron and lacked a bowstring. Instead, there was a handle that could be pulled, and when it was pulled, a red light came out from the tip and end of the bow, aiming at the monopod.

It was a weapon capable of aiming at a target by triangulation.

As long as the zero point is set, the projectile will not miss. Kanya set the red dot, where the red light converged, onto the monopod's face.

The solitary ear, feeling a sense of danger, moved left and right even in the midst of dizziness. Then Kanya also twisted her waist in line with the movement of the single ear.

As Lena disappeared into the blind again, the terrified Venom Ear jumped at Kanya.

Kanya aimed at the one eye of the monopod and let go of the handle. As the wire wound rapidly, a small orb protruded from the center of the arc.

The orb that penetrated the monopod's eye caused an explosion inside. The monopod's body jolted and fell to the ground.

His intestines must have melted, but he was still screaming in horror.

Lena raised her sword in reverse and pierced the gap in the carapace. With a popping sound, the monopod's body rose like fried salt. And she never moved again.

After the battle, Kanya lowered her arc and wiped away her sweat.

"Whoa, it was hard. This time he was a bit tough. right?"

"yes. Is your sister okay?"

"As you can see, nothing is wrong. But it's strange. Why did the solitary ear appear? There must be a distance from the habitat."

"Could we have lost our way?"

"No way. Even the drone is pointing in the right direction. Maybe the laws of the forest have changed. Let's get out of here quickly."

"Still, I need to take the Elixir. She might be in it."

Lena climbed onto the body of the monopod. Her molten intestines were as hot as her porridge as she opened her carapace and thrust her hand into it.

It was a gross feeling, but Lena boldly stuck out her tongue and stirred until she caught something.

After looking around for a while, pleasure filled her eyes.

"uh? there is! Sister, yes!"

A red glowing orb came out of the body of the monopod.

"Hurray! It's the red elixir. Thank you, monopod."

Seeing her younger brother jumping around, Kanya also smiled happily.

Most of the creatures in Purgatory grow elixirs within their bodies. It is not particularly necessary for the subjects who are protected by the gods, but it was the most important substance in purgatory.

"You were lucky. Now, let's go quickly."

The moment she came back as a strict older sister and urged her younger sister, Kanya looked back at a strange energy that sent chills down her spine.

The eyes stuck in the forest flashed to live.

After a while, they appeared as they pounded the rocky ground with their pointed legs.

It was a solitary ear. That's a whopping seven marinas.

"Lena! come here!"

Cana, pulling her sister, took a fighting stance. Still, the question did not leave his mind.

It was impossible for solitaires to appear in groups far from their habitats.

'Sheesh. I was careless. I should have kept checking the drone.'

Although it is called purgatory, it is called the outer hell, but even here the will of God was cast. Of course, since it is a monster without reason, the law works like instinct. In the end, it was that some incident had occurred nearby that would cause a change in instinct.

"Of course now... ... !"

The law of the forest rarely changes. And very few subjects ever left heaven and went to purgatory.

The fact that two events with low probability overlapped made her more anxious.

"Sister, what should I do? Too many single ears... ... ."

One Poison Eagle can be caught by one Mecca. However, for two, more than five Meccans were needed.

According to the law, Mecca's chess was a collective battle based on technical skills.

Although their physical abilities were the weakest among the subjects, they were the ones that even the Kergos and Nords could not ignore when forming a group.

This was the reason Kanya trembled with fear. Even with the Ark, it was impossible to defeat the seven poisonous demons.

What the hell is going on in the forest?

I checked the route for a year to avoid monsters, but everything went to waste.

keying! Kick! Kick!

As the monopods threatened by waving their horns, the sisters put their backs on each other and protected each other's backs.

A poisonous eagle, which was approaching as if looking at the liver, jumped at Lena.

When he held out his mecha shield, Xd, the powerful anti-elastic force bounced off the poisonous ear.

Kanya, who switched places with Lena, hit the arc. As precision aiming was impossible, the projectile struck the monopod's carapace and caused an explosion.

At the same time as the solitary ear rolled on the floor in shock, the remaining ones attacked.

"sister! Hide behind me!"

Lena changed her position again and held out Xd. Every time the horn of the solitary ear touched the shield, there was a thundering sound.

She even wielded the shock wave weapon, Cigna, but it was a monster that was difficult to hit unless attacking from a blind spot.

The time I could endure with XD was gradually decreasing. When the limit of anti-elasticity was exceeded, the shield stopped functioning and became a common toy.

As the seven monopods attacked from all sides, Kanya and Lena hugged each other and closed their eyes.

The pain leading up to death was more fearful than the fear of death.

The monopod inserts its snout into the belly of a living human and sucks out the intestines. Kanya wondered if she should take Lena's Cigna and cut her throat.

As the seven monopods tried to pierce the sisters' bodies with their horns, a light flashed from the sky and a flash came down.

Kanya and Lena saw the boy's back. She was blonde and had a strange outfit that was not seen in this world.

As soon as she landed, Shirone cast a beam of light.

A curtain of light reciprocated between 3 and 5 meters in radius, bouncing off all poisonous ears.

The two women sat down as the floor sank in a circular shape. Even so, her eyes were fixed on Shirone. I had never heard of a man living in the woods of the profane.

"It's fine?"

Shirone smiled and turned his head.

Meeting people in a world where you can't go home even if you run your whole life was a joy that couldn't be compared to homesickness. No matter what the identities of the two women were, they felt that the creepy monster was their enemy and that they were allies.

The appearance of the boy raised Kanya's vigilance. Conversely, Lena, her adolescent girl, had her cheeks flushed.

'Good looks. Are you Norse?'

While the two women were dreaming of different statues, Shirone and the others were fiercely fighting against the poisonous demon.

Ryan and Tess took charge of one each.

After the match, Lian was quite relieved. He was not an easy opponent, but this level of strength was quite a familiar in the original world as a monster.

Grabbing the monopod's horn and pulling it back with force, the six precarious legs turned over.

Lian thrust a straight sword through his abdomen and anchored him to the ground.

=======================================
[180] 3. Forest of the Profane (5)





Tess's battle was also at an end.

The saber, which lacks a sense of weight, cannot break the carapace of a monopod, but is optimized for targeting gaps.

Tess, who lowered her mobility by poking between the carapaces, landed a saber in one eye as a final blow. And twisting the saber, she subdued her solitary ear at her feet.

As the battle seemed to be getting longer, Amy put a fire wall around it.

Since they were irrational beasts, it would have been the best result if they had run away, but one unexpectedly broke through the barrier of fire.

Harvest, who had inflated his size, grabbed Poison Ear's torso and broke his backbone.

Arin was relieved that menarche worked. When she cast mind control on four single ears, two of them shuddered.

The two poisonous ears caught in the mind control turned around and started stabbing their allies.

Since the monsters were fighting each other, there was no need for the party to fight.

Lian and Tess, who had suffocated the monopod, returned to Shirone with their weapons in hand.

When Amy released the fire wall, the bloody battle between the poisonous demons was visible. They were using their horns, legs, and snouts to stab, knock, and trample each other.

Since the number of two and two was the same, Arin's ability to control the single ear was the key. At first, I couldn't adapt to it because it was an unfamiliar creature, but I quickly saw through its characteristics and tried individual breaking tactics using its long-range horns.

The party, who was watching the tragedy of the fratricide, wiped away the goosebumps.

It was especially shocking to Kanya and Lena. A being who follows the law goes against the law and kills his own people. Today was a day of much happening in the woods of the profane.

Having won the battle, Arin sighed heavily.

Mind control itself constantly consumes mental strength, and when fighting, even the controlled creature's will to fight flowed in, so mental fatigue was considerable.

The solitary demon under Arin's control turned to Shirone. Kanya and Lena hurriedly backed away, but they merely assumed an attitude of submission.

Arin pondered over what to do with the remaining poisonous ears.

The enormous success rate of mind control through menarche was Arin's strength, but on the other hand, it also became a weakness. A high emotional assimilation rate means that you accept the other person's heart more clearly.

It could be said that it was a fate-like pain for a spirit-type magician who handles all the spirits of the world.

Arin hesitated as expected. No matter how much she was a monster, it was painful for her to brutally end the life of the being who fought for her.

If the self-proclaimed soft-hearted is the second best, the sad Tess represented Arin's feelings.

"Can't I just take it with me? Do you think it would be very reassuring even if there were only two of them?"

"no. I can't waste my mental energy on a monster like this. Now that she knows menarche works, Arin should focus on that. You have to maintain her mental channel at all times."

"Um, what about releasing them?"

"I will come to attack again. The worst is bringing another group."

"I see. It's a pity, but I have no choice but to die. Can't we just make them fight and kill each other?"

Arin pursed his lips at the sad words of Tess, who claimed to have a weak heart.

It was a different situation from controlling a poisonous ear to kill other poisonous ears. The conflict intensified as the assimilation rate was already high and the feelings of the allies that they fought together were added.

Lian said while holding the handle of the greatsword.

"Then I will kill you. Just hold on."

Canis shook her head.

"No, this is what Arin has to do. If you want to reach a high level as a spirit-type mage, you cannot remain weak forever."

There is also a limit to revealing the prominence with the ability of menarche. If you want to get to where you want to go, this shouldn't be a problem.

Kanis hoped that Arin would stay by his side for a long time.

"Arin, you promised when you were taken to the Magic Association. Master is no longer in this world. we have to be strong This is not a relaxed place to be compassionate."

Arin closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Canis was right. Will you rely on menarche or dominate menarche? It was difficult, but it was a problem that had to be overcome once.

Arin made the monopods walk to the border of the forest. Then he made them gouge out each other's eyes with their horns.

The two monopods collapsed face to face.

He was still alive, but since he could no longer move, there was no other way to inflict a fatal wound.

Arin tried to smile.

Watching that scene, Harvest recalled the time when he faced her through a glass tube.

Although he is still evaluated as weak for a wizard, compared to the time when he was afraid of everything in the world, he has become a completely different person now.

"Arin's strengths and weaknesses. It easily resonates with the other person's mind, but that's why it can't be poisoned. Arcane always regretted this."

"But now things are changing. Arin will be able to do well."

Shirone, who shared Arin's sadness, was relieved to hear the conversation between Harvest and Canis. Even though she chose a tough job, she had companions for the rest of her life.

"anyway... ... ."

As Shirone looked back with luck, her friends also turned their attention to Kanya and Lena.

The two women flinched. It was because in the eyes of the six people, there was a wave of emotion that did not match the situation.

"It is a person."

"Yeah, it's a person. I also have a sword and shield."

"Ah, sword and shield. I thought I was going crazy wanting to see that. I was dizzy at the thought of talking to a giant who could uproot a tree and wield it."

As the incomprehensible words continued, Kanya interrupted her sister and shouted.

"What are you saying? Who the hell are you?"

Arin tried telepathy by connecting the spirit zone. When Kanya's spirit was transmitted, Arin materialized it into her menarche and passed it on to Shirone and the others.

Shirone spoke in the most friendly way possible.

"Uh, so we're from different places... ... ."

The fierce gaze stopped Shirone.

Kanya's tension rose as she suddenly understood the words she couldn't understand. Above all, the shape of his mouth and his language did not match.

"What did you do? Is this magic too? Are you Norse?"

"Norse? what is that?"

Instead of answering, Kanya held out her right arm. A drone flew from the sky. A mechanical device resembling a beetle landed on my wrist, then detached like a staircase and mounted it as a gauntlet.

"Decoding Language."

Light came on the back of the gauntlet.

"You guys, say it again."

"What do you mean?"

That was enough. Kanya bent his arm to check his gauntlet.



no data. Undecipherable.



After checking the drone's information, she took out the arc. As she pulled the handle, a red dot appeared between Shirone's forehead.

"What, what are you doing? suddenly."

Shirone, who watched from the forest, knew how powerful the Ark was.

I was embarrassed to be in this situation without even knowing the reason. It was absolutely not the reaction that comes out when people run into each other in a place where monsters live.

"Lena! These are not subjects! We have to fight!"

"Ha, but sister... ... Still, it's a lifesaver."

"I get it now. Why is the monopod here? They disturbed the laws of the forest."

When Lena heard that, she couldn't help but move. Her face showed unwilling emotions, but she nonetheless took up a fighting stance with Cigna and Xde.

"You'd better be honest, if you don't want your head blown off by the arc. What the hell are you doing in this forest? Who the hell are you?"

If you ask who it is, there is no way to explain it. The frustrated Shirone had no choice but to shout.

"We are people too!"

"How can you believe that? You don't speak the language of the subjects! It's not even heresy!"

"Anyway, it makes sense. Isn't that what happened?"

Kanya frowned. Oddly enough, Shirone's words were persuasive.

"So let's talk about it. If we can talk, at least we can find a way to be peaceful rather than using that strange weapon."

"peace? To bring up the word peace in the woods of the profane. You guys are really suspicious."

"The forest of the profane?"

"This must be the name of the forest."

Silence passed at the end of Arin's explanation.

The standoff continued for some time.

It wasn't a problem for Shirone to subdue her if he wanted to, but he absolutely hated fighting.

is human The words work. If she only let go of her hostility, she could be given a detailed account of this world.

At that moment, Lena looked up at the sky.

A drone patrolling the area projected a scene 500 meters away into her retinas. More than 20 monopods were coming.

"Sister, it's a big deal. It's a solitary ear."

Kanya finally came to his senses. Staying longer than the laws of the forest were violated was tantamount to committing suicide.

Even the unknown strangers seemed unwilling to fight. I can't be certain, but if I had the skills to defeat the poisonous demon, I would have been able to subdue myself.

"Follow me at once. Let's talk after we get out of here."

Kanya returned the gauntlet on her arm in the form of a bug and sent it flying into the sky. Ascertaining the location of her solitary ear, she decided on her bearings and entered the forest.

Shirone and the others followed her without a murmur. Amy said it was the direction away from the city.

4. Reversal of the Law (1)





Kanya entered the valley, a mixture of jungle and rocky terrain.

The surroundings were blocked by cliffs, so only the sky could be seen. Passing through the bottom of the V-shaped valley, Shirone could guess how long this world had existed.

As we walked along, we exchanged voices with Kanya and the others.

Kanya couldn't believe them yet, but at least she seemed to accept that she wasn't willing to fight.

"This is the Valley of the Whirling Serpents. The law is different, so there will be no danger."

"The most dangerous thing is that Shirone gets hit by that strange weapon."

Kanya's eyes widened at Ryan's joke. She seems to be mindful of what happened in the woods, but if she had to pick a tantrum, she was rather herself.

Guessing that Shirone is the leader, she pointed and asked.

"What is your real identity? Does it make sense that you came from another world?"

"But it is true. Believe it or not believe it, I can only say that. Please explain this time What is this world like? The same goes for the giant we defeated earlier."

"giant? Did you just say you were a giant?"

"Yes, a giant."

"So you killed a giant!"

"No, I didn't kill him. As for what happened... ... ."

Before Shirone could finish her words, Kanya grabbed her by the collar and shouted.

"What if I kill a giant, you idiot! A giant is one who keeps the law! it was you after all The poisonous demons killed the giant!"

Amy shook Kanya's hand. She'd been killing her temper for information, but she couldn't tolerate being mean to her friends.

"You said you didn't kill me! And the giant attacked first!"

"of course! Because we broke the law! The forest of the profane is a place that humans are not allowed to enter!"

Shirone pierced the gap between the two growling women.

"Even if you say that, we don't know what you mean. Okay? We really come from a different place."

Kanya was dazed. She couldn't convince herself of anything Shirone said, but she did, and she realized that it had to be true.

"You guys can't... ... Are you really from somewhere else?"

"You've said it before. Is that so?"

"No, I don't mean that, um... ... ."

Kanya's expression changed seriously.

It's just an anecdote I heard when I was young, but it was definitely there, the people of the earthly country ruled by heaven.

They are the descendants of the subjects, but they are pitiful people who cannot feel the existence of God. I was told that this is why they do not enjoy eternal life and struggle in mortal pain for the rest of their lives.

=======================================
[181] 4. Reversal of the Law (2)





"Okay, let me explain. This place is called Outer Hell. Also called purgatory."

"purgatory? here?"

"Yes, the land prison. It is where heretics who rejected the law live. now i get it You denied the existence of God in the earthly kingdom. That's why I fell here."

Shirone did not correct her misunderstanding. She wouldn't understand even if I explained it, and it wasn't exactly wrong. There was no one in her party who believed in Anchera.

"Seeing that you use magic, you seem to be a descendant of the Norse, but I feel sorry for you. Since you fell into purgatory, the only thing left for you is death. You will die eventually."

"That's right, I will die in the end. But neither do you."

Kanya lifted her chin, a little smug.

"You're welcome. I am a subject chosen by God. So you can be assured of eternal life."

Shirone remembered the myth of Kergo. If you can give someone eternal life, you can definitely call it a god.

But it didn't feel realistic.

Organisms age and someday they will surely die. It was impossible to prevent death even with the power of magic.

After realizing the true identity of Shirone and the others, Kanya felt relieved. I hate heresy, but they were pitiful people who didn't even get a chance to receive the power of God.

"I can't. you are lucky Follow me. I will introduce you to a place to stay."

"Why are you being nice all of a sudden? If you are a subject and we are heretics, shouldn't we think badly?"

Kanya turned around knowing that no one was following.

"Looking at your suspicions, you must be a descendant of the Norse. If it were heaven, I would have kicked you out, but this place is okay. No law can protect its subjects in purgatory. You and I are in the same situation. Anyway, you have to go fast. It gets dangerous when the sun goes down."

As we entered the valley, the height of the cliff soared. It was a lonely place where not a single flying insect existed. A little moisture and an echo. I could only hear their footsteps in the great nature.

"Couldn't it be that something strange is coming out again?"

"Do not worry about it. The Valley of the Whirlwind Serpents is a place where one powerful law exists, so there are no dangerous monsters like Poison Eagles."

"Which law is it?"

"Whirlpool snake. It is a monster known to have lived here for over 10,000 years. But you'll be sleeping now. They don't wander around during the day. So we want to go quickly. We have to go to Nohr's Shelter before the sun goes down."

"Didn't we say that we were descended from Nor? Then you are not a subject of Norr?"

"Of course I am a citizen."

"Then why is there Norr's shelter in Purgatory?"

Kanya was frustrated, but recalled where they came from and added an explanation.

"There are three races of subjects residing in Heaven. Norse is one of them. Subjects have a fixed lifespan from the time they are born, but when their lifespan ends, they gain eternal life. But I guess some people in Nord couldn't tolerate it. That's why I escaped to purgatory and created an independent society."

Shirone did not understand the saying that lifespan is determined from birth, but for now she passed. He was at least less miraculous than the word that he would gain eternal life.

More than that, I was grateful for Kanya's consideration. Since Shirone was thought to be a descendant of the Norse, he guided her into the society of the Norse.

"Thank you, Kanya. You are kind."

"What are you talking about! There are no subjects who are kind to heretics. We're going anyway because we need something, so don't misunderstand. When you arrive at Norr's Shelter, don't pretend to be an egg from then on."

Contrary to what she said harshly, she did not look into Shirone's eyes.

Lena puffed out her cheeks at Kanya's condescension and added another word.

"that's right. My sister is going because she really needs something. But I am going because I really want to help."

"haha! okay, thanks. Lena is kind."

Lena's cheeks turned red at Shirone's praise.

Kanya stopped. It's a sensitive time, so it's understandable to be attracted to strangers, but as a subject subject to the law, it was a thought I shouldn't have.

She took Lena by the wrist and led her to the cliff. While Shirone and the others looked at each other in bewilderment, she urged in a whisper.

"Lena, what are you doing? You know, you can never lead a heresy. Even having such a heart is blasphemy."

"I know. But that brother... ... ."

"If not, then no! No matter how immature you are, being handsome isn't everything. If you choose a man like that, you will be in big trouble."

"How does your sister know that? You don't even have a boyfriend."

"When you grow up, you know everything. Anyway, listen to your sister, okay? I mean, treat that man coldly from now on."

"I don't like Shirone oppa because he's handsome, I like him because he's kind."

"Are you friendly? that kid?"

Kanya looked at Lena with an absurd expression. How should I take his brother's words.

He was definitely a unique boy. But the reason he feels that way is also heresy. Freedom leads to depravity. In that sense, hanging out with Shirone was dangerous.

"You, tell me clearly. Do you like good-looking people or kind people?"

Lena is also 14 years old, so she is the age to feel the feelings of love. With her soon-to-be mother, she felt the need to change her brother's mindset.

"Of course both. You have to be handsome, but you also have to be kind."

"Whoa, you really don't even know."

"It's okay, sister. I wouldn't fall in love with someone I've only seen for one day. And... ... After all, we are no different from those people now."

It was against the law for a subject to enter Purgatory without permission. Maybe I could be punished, but it was something I couldn't give up.

However, I regretted taking my brother with me.

No matter how much Lena had a longer lifespan than herself, it was a decision that she lacked responsibility as an older sister.

"I'm sorry, Lena. I... ... ."

"I know, sister. Besides, you begged me to go. She doesn't have to take on dangerous jobs alone. I also want to give it to her mother as a gift."

Kanya stroked Lena. The child who cried for her milk was already this big. I hoped that she would receive the grace of her god and enjoy her eternal life.

Since it's a lovely child, Ra will surely do that.

"OK got it. let's hurry."

The valley was now becoming a labyrinth. Even the air was damp because shallow water was flowing at the narrow fork.

Amy noticed that Kanya's movements were jumbled using her red eyes.

It was a typical path of a lost person.

"It's quite far. Is Nor's resting place still far away?"

"I am not going there. We don't even know where Norr's shelter is."

"what? You said earlier that you were going to Norr's Shelter."

"There is a destination. We, the subjects, have no way of knowing where the Norse who fled from heaven made it."

Sensing Amy's absurd stare, Kanya added her words.

"Do not worry about it. But there is a way."

"How?"

"It's using a drone. Nord's Shelter is an open market that anyone can go to. The guide dispatched from the market is waiting for you at the Valley of the Whirling Serpents. You just need to find that person. So right now, I'm searching for a place where people can stay with a drone."

Shirone looked up at the two drones flying through the sky.

That flying object would also be something called an ancient artifact in the original world. However, the ancient land technology was incomparably cutting-edge.

Suddenly, I wondered what kind of expression he would make if he showed it to Nade.

"I know that machine is doing reconnaissance, but how can we see it?"

said Kanya, poking her temples.

"It is connected to my head. We call it frequency."

"frequency?"

"Well, it's like an invisible sign. Is it a similar concept to sound? It's a technology called retinal vision, and when a drone shoots radio waves at my frequency, an image is formed in the pupil. Look closely at my left eye."

An electric field formed in Kanya's pupils, and a bird's-eye view of the valley quickly developed. Even though it is smaller than the pupil, the resolution is high, so I was able to see what kind of scenery was unfolding.

"This is the valley as seen from the drone's point of view. You may not be able to see it in detail, but in reality it occupies half of my field of vision. Because the screen is directly reflected on the retina."

"It's a great technique."

Tess couldn't hide her envy. She's always been into ancient artifacts, but her drones in particular have been game-changers in her espionage warfare.

"Where can I get something like this?"

"This is not to seek, but to be supplied. It's something that is only given to Mecha, but when you turn 12, you can get a drone."

"Then can I get one for you?"

"no. The quantity is strictly controlled, so if you secretly steal it and get caught, you will be punished severely."

"I see. I want one too... ... ."

"The other subjects are envious of drones. However, it has a personal password anyway, so no one else can use it. As soon as the owner changes, it beeps and goes to sleep."

Tess was even more upset that it was only for one person. want to have. However, if it was a product provided by the state, it could not be bought with money.

Jealous, Tess kept her mouth shut from then on.

"I found a place for the Norse to stay. It's not far from here."

Kanya then started running and arrived in front of the cave.

The drone landed on the back of Kanya's hand and turned into a gauntlet.

The landscape of the final capture point appeared on the surface. Kanya, who compared what she saw with her eyes and the photos, approached the cave saying that this place was certain.

At that moment, Tess raised her hand to stop her.

"Wait for a moment. I smell blood."

"The smell of blood? I don't smell anything."

"Huh, of course not. Because I've been training since I was little. You can't even smell that machine, can you?"

"What are you talking about? Mecha technology can distinguish 140,000 different smells. It's just that drones don't have that capability."

Only then did the party realize that there was a war of nerves between Tess and the drone.

Well, the drone's reconnaissance ability was overwhelming even in their opinion. However, Lian felt sorry for Tess, who was only jealous of the iron block.

"It's okay, so do it quickly. Don't feel inferior to strange things."

When Lian said it was strange, Tess, feeling relieved, traced the reverberation of the blood with the sensory system schema.

After taking a step into the cave and looking inside, I looked around for a while.

After finishing the analysis, she looked back at the group and said.

"I can smell blood from inside the cave. I'm sure someone is there, but they don't seem to have ventured out of the cave."

"Why? Can't you smell the blood outside?"

"no. Rather, it is assumed that it did not come out because the smell of blood was strong from the inside."

"By the way, didn't you check outside longer?"

"It is a manual of sorts. If you can smell blood outside, the cave is highly likely to be a trap."

"Then, it's not a trap. Let's go in."

Shirone cast the lighting magic, Shining.

Kanya and Lena were frightened as the sphere of light floated over their palms. Although the Norse are a race that deals with magic, they have never seen magic like this in heaven.

"Sister, can you see that? I made light from my body."

"yes. The people of the land country use strange magic."

"yes. But that... ... Doesn't it look just like that?"

"Lena! That kind of thinking is disrespectful. I beg you to make a mistake in your heart soon."

Lena's expression softened. She didn't say anything, because if she noticed, it means her sister was thinking the same thing.

In any case, disrespect was a sin, so in her heart she begged Ra to forgive her.

=======================================
[182] 4. Reversal of the Law (3)





After 10 meters, the smell of blood became stronger.

Tess, with tension rising, was about to tell Shirone to slow down.

Suddenly the cave shook and blunt pillars protruded from the walls. The speed is also fast, but the size is also enough to crush humans.

Shirone and the others reflexively retreated.

When I looked at it from a distance, it was even more bizarre. Dozens of pillars protruding from the walls of the cave intersected.

"It's fine? Is anyone hurt?"

Shirone shouted, and Amy answered.

"yes. I don't think there is. Shirone and you?"

"I'm fine too. Could it be that it was a trap?"

"no. There is no sign of artificial alteration in the cave. Besides, for a trap, the activation time is too fast."

Tess was right. If he really wanted to kill him, he would have lured him to the point of inevitability and set off a trap. But the pillars jutted out from the front, as if their purpose was to deter access.

"If not a trap, what is?"

A boy's voice came from the end of the cave.

"Identify yourself! I won't miss it this time!"

Shirone held out her Shining and revealed what was inside.

A boy of about the same age was squatting with his hands on the floor. In the back, a strong-looking hairy boy was sitting with both legs stretched out, and blood could be seen between the fingers that covered his belly.

It was Gadlock, the guide to Norr's shelter.

Gadlock, who was looking at Shirone and the others, said to his disciple.

"Clove, I would have told you not to use earth magic in the cave. If even the ceiling collapses, we die too."

After hearing the teacher's words, Clove stood up slowly. Even so, the eyes of the boundary did not disappear.

From their conversation, Shirone felt familiar as if she had come to her original world. He did not understand the language of the Norse, but the pronunciation and intonation were similar to those of the common continent.

Kanya went up to them and spoke in the Norse language.

"Are you Norse? I've been looking for you all this time."

"Hoo? Now that I see it, they are proud subjects. So, what are the Mecha people who hate exploration and adventure terribly doing here?"

"Yeah, of course in Nord's Shelter... ... ."

Kanya stopped talking and checked the condition of the guard lock. Her mouth is smiling, but her complexion is pale.

Blood was flowing from his stomach.

It was strange. What was there to be injured in the valley of the whirling snakes where there was only one law?

"Are you hurt? Maybe the whirlpool snake... ... ."

"No, not the law. I was beaten by Kergo."

The word Kergo stuck in Shirone's ears. At first I thought I had heard it wrong, but as Kanya raised the language of the Norse to the surface, their conversation began to be interpreted.

"Kergo? You mean they came all the way here to hunt?"

"There is no such thing as hunting because heretics do not live here. It seems that he was determined and aimed at us. Fortunately, I escaped a fatal wound, but I don't know what will happen if the bleeding continues."

Shirone interrupted the conversation between the two.

"Did you just say Kergo? What did they say?"

"Kergo is also one of the subjects. The valley of the whirlpool snake is a safe place because there are no monsters living there, but it is a route that heretics often find to go to Norr's resting place. There are other hunters in those places."

"After all, Kergoin hunts heretics."

"Maybe you will catch up soon. It has good tracking ability. On top of that, they use the giant's technology. It's not a problem to find this place by smell like Tess."

Shirone guessed that the giant's skill was a schema. If so, this wasn't the time to be talking about it.

Arin attempted telepathy directly to the Norse.

"Could you take us to Nord's Shelter?"

Guardlock and Clove's expressions changed to bewilderment. Although the language was unintelligible, the meaning was automatically understood.

"What are these little boys doing? Is it a fairy's ability?"

"No, they are from the country of the earth. Like you, I use magic. In fact, it may be a little different, but I think I'm a descendant of the Norse anyway."

Kanya packaged it so that the Norse could accept Shirone and the others as friendly as possible. It is because the best way to survive Purgatory for as long as possible is to enter the Norr community.

"What, so you're saying imitation?"

Clove's eyes toward Shirone and the others turned disgusting.

Norse people are curious, so they were the most law-breaking race in heaven. Therefore, they knew more forbidden secrets than the Meccans.

The same was true of the kingdoms of the earth.

The earthly kingdom is said to be a shadow imitating the heavenly kingdom, the perfect world. That's why the people living there are nothing more than imitations made after the people in heaven.

In Clove's opinion, Shirone and the others were inferior to anything else in heaven. It was because the gap between the Norse and the Mojo was as great as the difference between the Creator and the creature.

"Are we imitators? what is that?"

Ignoring Shirone's words, Clove pointed to the backpacks placed along the wall.

"Hey, you guys. Come over here and pick up your luggage. singly."

There was no need to go through menarche. Clove's tone contained feelings of humiliation. Amy shot at him, stunned by the sight of him standing with his chin held up arrogantly.

"Why do we have to carry your burden?"

"Isn't it obvious? Because you have to run away."

"Then why do we have to carry that burden?"

"Because you are imitators. Wouldn't you be here without us? Of course, you should follow it with a grateful heart."

Clove seemed to accept it as an established fact that Shirone and the others had to obey orders.

Even so, when he checked his face, he twitched his nostrils and played with Amy's hair.

"It's fine for a mojo. How about coming into my house? Don't you want to live safely in Purgatory?"

Amy's eyes widened.

Whether it is a subject or a fake person, such a problem can be passed over because it is the way of thinking here. However, the act of touching a woman's body was just out of character, regardless of heaven.

"Get your hands off me. Because I can blow it up."

"haha! are you me Well, since I'm a mojo, I'll use a little magic. But it won't work for me."

"Stop it, Clove."

Sensing the anger at Master's voice, Clove stepped back.

Only then did I feel the atmosphere of this place. Shirone and the others were glaring at him with murderous eyes.

"what? What if you look at me?"

"Clove, there is no time. Are you going to make me die here?"

Realizing Master's injury, Clove hurriedly helped Guardlock. Then, Gadlock stood up on his disciple's shoulder and apologized on Clove's behalf.

"I'm sorry. It's the first time even I've seen a mojo person, so I think there was a problem with how to respond. After all, you are also human. I am a guard rock I think we have to leave this place. Can you help me? It looks like you guys have come to Norr's Shelter too. We will guide you."

Guardlock was at least like a wizard. It's not easy to apologize in front of your students, but you know that it's important to cooperate in order to survive, whether you're a mojo or not.

Shirone and the others also decided that it would be dangerous to stay for a long time, so they carried their backpacks on their backs without muttering.

We arrived at the place where Clove's work, Pillars are intertwined.

Clove, who was supporting Guard Rock, had to sweat for a long time to get out.

Amy snorted. She also sued the situation in which she was cast by magic, but seeing that she did not expect this, I wondered if her head was falling a little.

Shirone paid no attention to Clove and was thinking about the magic he cast.

The magic of pillars coming out of the walls was both radical and dynamic. However, I felt that it would be very inefficient to use it in the way I know.

Maybe the ancient magic's ingredients are different. With that in mind, Shirone asked Gadlock.

"But what is this magic?"

Clove let out a condescending laugh and intercepted the answer.

"haha! what are you not able to do? This is crazy. Earth magic is the basic of the basics."

As he said that, he winked at Amy with one eye.

"I can teach you."

"No thanks? I don't want to make my friends suffer."

Clove's face turned red at the sarcastic comment about the situation from a while ago.

Guardlock was also curious about Shirone's magic. He is a fake and uses unusual magic.

As far as he knew, the sphere of light Shirone was floating in her hand was magic that could not be realized here. Because the cave is a realm of darkness.

I don't know if I made a contract with the light spirit, but judging from the lack of activity, it wasn't like that.

"Hmm, hard to explain. You guys don't use this kind of magic, do you?"

"There is magic that uses the properties of the land, but there is no magic that makes columns protrude from caves."

"Maybe the principle is different. We use magic by borrowing the power of nature. Where there is fire, there is fire magic; where there is water, there is water magic. It's the same reason why Clove used earth magic. Of course, I don't think I even thought about the danger of collapse."

"No, Master. It was really urgent at the time."

Clove made an excuse, but Shirone and the others weren't listening anyway. He couldn't afford to pay attention to other people's bullshit because he was talking through mental channels.

- Magic using the power of nature. Quite peculiar.

- The destructive power was also quite good. In the original world, the magic cast by Clove would be quite difficult. You made it easy though. Even though he's such a low-key guy.

Amy added to Canis's words.

-There are other advantages to borrowing the power of nature besides power. One person can handle multiple series. It's different from choosing a major and training like we do.

Arin pointed out the flaws.

-But there seems to be an aspect where the applicability is low. You are bound by the environment. You cannot cast magic if the desired attribute is not around.

To summarize the characteristics of ancient magic, it is broad, powerful, and capable of using various attributes. On the other hand, the environment was severely restricted, and in some cases, there was room for the magic itself to be blocked.

Heavenly magic and earthly magic. Which one would be more effective was still a question that could not be determined.

After leaving the cave, Kanya turned to Guard Rock and asked.

"By the way, where is Nord's shelter?"

"You can't tell that to a Mecca. At least know that it's not here. It has to be done by magic, but it's impossible here. Follow me."

At that moment, Lena, who received the signal from the drone, confirmed her retinal vision and shouted.

"sister! It's a big deal!"

Kanya also closed one eye and received the information transmitted by the drone. In a valley not far away, a group was approaching at high speed.

"Oh, it's Kergoin! We have to go quickly!"

A light of resignation dwelled in Gardrak's eyes.

"no. It's already too late. Their sense of smell is incredibly sensitive. You smelled blood."

I haven't even heard the sound of it approaching yet. Still, the smell of blood meant that at least one of the group was an expert in the sensory system.

"What do we do? What should I do, Master?"

Clove asked, stamping her feet.

There was no way there was a clever idea called Guard Rock.

According to Lena, the number of pursuers was about twenty. Guardlock is injured and Clove is inexperienced. A collision like this would be annihilation.

"How about we do this?"

Everyone's eyes focused on Shirone.



@



A Kergo chasing party riding black horses galloped over the stream.

Their eyes, clad in red armor reflecting the sun, sparkled like a famous sword just pulled from a forge.

Upon arriving at the cave, the captain of the chase party raised his hand to stop the approach.

"stop! It's in a cave!"

Twenty men, led by the captain, stopped. A woman with a ponytail pulled her horse by the captain's side.

=======================================
[183] ??4. Reversal of the Law (4)





"Shall I go in?"

"no. Nor uses the ability of nature affinity. It is at a disadvantage in confined spaces. They know that, so they're luring us in."

The captain shouted so that the cave reverberated with schema's ability.

"If you don't come out right away, you will be in trouble! I will count to three!"

The men took out their bows and loaded their arrows.

It's not an arrow that causes an explosion like an arc, but an arrow that flies with schema's brawn can pierce even rocks. If you are in a cave, you will end up being full of holes without even a chance to escape.

"one!"

The cave was silent.

"two!"

The captain's expression distorted. Did he decide to die?

The only way the Norse could try was to block the cave using the magic of the earth. However, such a stopgap measure could not last long, and it was like eliminating the retreat itself.

"three!"

A red dot appeared between the captain's forehead.

When something burst out of the cave, the captain drew his sword with superhuman reflexes and covered his face.

But by the time I realized what had been blocked, the projectile was already exploding.

"Damn it... ... !"

With a roar, a ball of fire engulfed the captain.

The aftermath of the fire reached even the subordinates, and the frightened horses ran amok.

At that moment, Shirone and the others came out of the cave.

The captain, who fell off his horse, glared at them with a body rising from smoke. He stood up as he planted his sword on the floor, and looked back at the confused displays and shouted.

"I am with the Meccans! Don't miss it!"

Since I was chasing the Norse, I never dreamed that there would be a Mecca.

Shirone aimed at that blind spot.

The prediction was right. Kanya and Lena waited for the pursuers to approach through drones and fired an arc at the right time to create an opportunity to escape.

"The number of enemies is high! Find the narrow road!"

At Shirone's words, Kanya checked the terrain with her drone and turned.

The pursuers who saw through the strategy fired their bows.

Even though it was shot directly from a distance of 100 meters, it did not lose speed and passed by Shirone and the others.

Clove turned around annoyed.

"I'll buy you some time!"

"no! Just run!"

"You have to pay back one blow to save Norr's face!"

Clove plunged her hand into the shallow water and cast an ancient magic shaving.

As the stream water froze, it began to bleach white.

Hard!

The sound of hardening water spread through the valley and columns rose above the frozen surface, similar to those seen in the cave.

Shirone watched the scene even while running.

The scale of ancient magic that borrowed the power of nature was much larger than expected. The water in the creek froze, and so many pillars obscured my view that I couldn't advance on my horse.

There was a bang and the sound of ice breaking.

The group's faces darkened. The pursuers who had given up on their horses were running towards them, bursting ice pillars with knives and fists.

"Did Norr and Mecca hold hands? They are lowly heretics!"

Kanya shouted while aiming the arc.

"We are subjects! There is no reason for you, fellow subjects, to get involved in the law!"

As soon as I let go of the handle, Ark's projectiles rushed in.

A warrior with a longsword cut the projectile in half. A moment later, two fireballs exploded from behind.

"Those who break the law will be beheaded! We are the first subjects chosen by God!"

The Kergo chasers raised their weapons and let out a roar.

It was a completely different look from the Kergo civilization he had seen in the original world. Luxurious armor and extravagant accessories. They were aristocrats of the Shinmin faction.

Shirone ran to Kanya's side and asked.

"Why are they doing that? Why do you fight like this even though you are the same subject?"

"It's a heresy hunt. They are the most faithful race among the subjects. As such, they are arrogant and warlike towards other subjects. There is nothing good about being entangled."

Shirone shut his mouth. already properly entangled.

"They are irritating, but they are strong because they use the powers of giants. Purgatory is an extraterrestrial theocracy, so anything can be done. If I get caught, I won't kill you gracefully."

The distance between the pursuers was getting shorter and shorter.

It was because everyone was operating the schema, and Shirone and the others even had an injured person called Gardlock.

Gadlock shouted at Clove.

"Clove! Let's cast Aeos!"

"It's dangerous! Master is injured!"

"Anyway, everyone will die! Hey, we'll fall first!"

Gadlock cast the wind magic, Aeos. As Gardlock floated up, Clove flew up with the same magic.

Shirone remembered fly magic from Aios. If it was a similar device, it would be difficult to balance the atmosphere in a narrow valley.

As expected, the higher they climbed, the more they swayed. It was a situation where it looked like it would crash into a cliff at any moment.

Without them, there is no way to get to Norr's shelter. Feeling the need to save it, Shirone told his friends.

-Take one person at a time! Let's go teleport!

Canis wanted to use the Dark Fort, but four wizards had to move two mechas and two swordsmen, so he had no choice but to use photonization magic.

Amy caught Tess, and Shirone caught Lian. Kanis and Arin also grabbed Kanya and Lena's hands, respectively.

In the meantime, the pursuing party had reached a close distance.

Kergoin in the lead raised her sword from her horse. A silver longsword fell like lightning toward Shirone's head.

At that moment, Shirone and the others' bodies turned into flashes of light and surged up.

Gardlock and Clove almost lost their magic.

It's not enough to make light, so it turns into light. Besides, moving the Meccans at the same time was unimaginable in heaven.

At least by human standards.

"Uh, how can you use light magic without borrowing the power of nature?"

Ancient magic must borrow the power of attributes. The most difficult of these was the light.

Light is a feeble and widespread force. Therefore, even if it is an ancient magic that borrows the power of nature, it is difficult to focus the light.

The only time a Norse could cast light magic was when there was a Shining Spot, a place where light gathers.

Clove was distraught.

Shirone and the others, who caught up to the height in an instant by teleportation, were completely different from the insignificant and incompetent imitations they thought they were.

Even when I saw Shirone's Shining Magic, I thought it was just moving light from a Shining Spot somewhere. But they produce light from their bodies.

And as far as he knew, there was only one Aspect other than Ra who handled light in Heaven.

Arin, who read the emotions of the Norse, relayed them to the spirit channel.

-The Norse don't know teleportation magic.

said Amy with a snort.

-huh! Isn't it obvious? The photonization theory is one of the greatest discoveries in the history of magic, even in our own world. If you look down on the geniuses of the earth country, you will get hurt.

Amy was proud of being born in the country of the land.

However, Kergo of the Sky was also a formidable opponent. It was running vertically up the cliff using external gravity.

Amy lay flat and landed a fire strike.

The pursuit team, which caught the spear of flames, was divided into left and right sides. After making a big detour around the cliff, they increased their speed and closed the distance with Shirone and the others.

- Chet! You're so tenacious!

- I'll try.

Arin extended her tentacles and attempted mind control.

Most of the pursuers resisted, but one was caught. As the warrior dominated by Arin swung his sword at his comrades, the pursuit line broke.

"These stupid bastards!"

The captain watching from the bottom of the cliff twisted his nose. Then he took a deep breath and roared towards the cliff.

It was howling, a schema technique.



"Ooooooooooo!"

As the reverberation of the howling spread along the cliff hit the minds of the wizards, the Norse Aios broke free.

Shirone showed concentration and endured. It was a technique that shook the mind itself, like Etela's perm roar.

Shirone cast teleportation on the falling guard lock. As soon as he grabbed hold of his body, Amy flew in and grabbed Clove by the ankle.

Inertia was initialized by casting photonization magic. As Shirone sat down with Lian and Gadlock, his friends arrived on the ground one after another.

"damn! Howling is always a problem. Nor is it compatible with Kergo."

Guardlock, who lost his face, made an excuse. Come to think of it, it seemed that master and disciple were not different at all.

Then, all of a sudden, I was curious. Even though they were subjected to the same howling, they couldn't figure out why Shirone and the others were fine.

"Hey, why are you all okay?"

Sometimes asking innocently is more irritating. Kanis spoke bluntly with such feelings in mind.

"Can you be okay? My head will ring to death."

"But how did you cast your magic?"

"I am just observing. If you're at this level of shaking, don't go anywhere and call me a wizard."

Unlike the Norse, who borrows the power of nature, the land's magic is manifested in a state of combining omniscience and omnipotence. It cannot be denied that it is a trickier method than ancient magic.

However, that inefficiently refined concentration actually had the effect of strengthening their mental powers.

Also, there were many people with special abilities in Shirone's party.

For Arin, who specializes in mental power, mental defense was her major, and Amy was immune at all thanks to her Hongan ability. In addition, Shirone possessed the mental power of an adamantine Buddha, said to be equivalent to the effect of Hong's face, in terms of her durability alone.

Clove landed face down in the creek. Then he stood up and looked back at Amy with an angry expression.

"you! Do you dare to put me down?"

I couldn't tolerate Amy's arrogance any longer. Her temper was nasty, but it also had its own charm, so I endured it, and something like imitation was climbing all the way to her head.

"Never let go... ... !"

Clove felt a chill and stopped talking.

Amy's eyes were shining red. She also felt her ghostly chill in her expression as she glared at her pursuers.

Amy said without even looking away.

"Don't touch it during battle. I'll accept the foolishness later."

Clove slowly turned his head. The Kergo chasers were approaching with their eyes shining like wild beasts.

Clove's face turned to tears.

"done. we'll get caught And you will be tortured until you die... ... ."

"Don't interfere with the plan and come in if you're not going to fight."

Even if you win in momentum, what do you want to do because you are weak when the charter is at a disadvantage?

As Amy grabbed Clove's hind legs and pulled her back, Clove's legs were weak and she landed on her buttock.

This time, he asked Amy, not caring whether Guard Rock was in the spirit of taking care of his disciples.

"Is there any way?"

"I can't be sure, but I think I managed to make it on time somehow. Shirone, are you done?"

"yes. It was close."

Gadlock tilted his head and asked again.

"What are you talking about? what ends?"

Shirone looked up at the sky. His spirit zone reached the sky in a curved form from the target type in all directions. Because it was a unique shape, it took quite a while to transform.

Shirone cast photonization magic on everyone without touching them. It was mass teleport, a magic that he realized at the cost of risking his life on the cliff of an impassable bridge.

"Hurry up! I intend to run away again!"

The captain of the chasing party charged his men. Then he took a deep breath and let out a howl.

A roar engulfed Shirone and the others. Gardlock and Clove frowned, but the Diamond Buddha did not waver. Compared to Marsha's sonic cannon, it wasn't even noise.

Shirone calmly watched the captain as if to destroy the enemy's fighting spirit, then cast a mass teleport.

A massive flash of light swept the party and carried them to the top of the cliff where the Spirit Zone touched.

"Damn it! Howling doesn't work!"

The captain of the pursuit party gnashed his teeth with a huff.

=======================================
[184] 4. Reversal of the Law (5)





But when I thought about it, the howling wasn't the problem. I had never seen magic that turned into a huge flash and flew into the sky.

"How did you do it? Who are those?"

Two experts in pursuit started chasing the trail of Shirone and the others. One snorted like his dog, the other had his head raised to the sky and his tongue pulled out.

A man using his sense of smell declared surrender.

"Captain, the wind is blocked. I can't chase you."

The man who uses his sense of taste endured a little longer. He lowered his tongue to the tip of his chin and returned his white eyes to normal.

"It is caught by the taste buds. It is over there."

The captain got on his horse when the second party arrived. Then he turned in the direction the olfactory expert had pointed and said.

"I just got over a wall anyway! Didn't get far! Pursue!"

"Kirya ya ya!"

The pursuers went back the way they had come, groaning.

1 minute after that.

Shirone and the others rode the flash and came down to their original place.

It was Shirone's proposal to use Kergo's search ability against her.

The smell is already permeated here, so it is impossible to search. Therefore, they will come back after checking all points.

Gardlock was supported by Clove again. Then he pointed to a crevice deep in the valley and said,

"Thank you for being alive. We won't be seeing each other for a while. let's go this way There will be a way."

Amy asked incredulously.

"Where the heck is Nord's resting place? How much further do we have to go?"

"That is what I want to ask. How do you handle light magic freely? Are you extracting it from the air?"

"We don't use that method. Why is that all of a sudden?"

"To move to Norr's Shelter, we need a place where the light gathers. It's similar to the magic you cast, but it can fly farther. Anyway, trust me and follow me. There is a Shining Spot if you go a little further."

Perhaps the magic Gadlock was talking about was space movement. It seemed to be a way to borrow the power of photons from the place where the light converges and fly to Norr's shelter all at once.

It's a good choice. In this way, even if the pursuer kills the guide, Nord's resting place will not be open to the public.

The mindset of the Norse was decidedly wizard-like. where such people gather. What kind of place is Nor's shelter?

With a little excitement, Shirone passed through the gap in the valley to the other side.



@



"Where are you hiding?"

The captain of the pursuit party was serious. I had been looking around for 20 minutes, but I couldn't find their smell.

A group of scouts came riding on horseback. A look of failure was evident from his eyes.

"There is not. I can't find any traces of entry into Maru Valley or Fan Creek."

"Damn it! Missing all the catches!"

"By the way, Captain, isn't it strange? How did you escape when fighting us? It was certainly not the area where the light was concentrated as the Norse said."

The captain was thinking about it too.

As far as he knows, there is no wizard in Norr who uses magic like that. It may be an alien species, but there are many corners similar to humans.

He, who has been hunting heresy for 400 years this year, came up with a hint from old history.

"no way... ... Are you a land person?"

A sharp light shone in the captain's eyes. If it was a land man, the pursuit was not a problem.

Mecca digs into what is known, and Nord digs into what is unknown. But Kergo digs into the gods, so he was the only subject who knew all the truth.

The earth man was not a mojo. At least for Kergoin, it was a serious variable that could affect the law.

"Stop the chase. return to shaman Report first."

Following the captain of the chasing party, the subordinates turned their horses' heads.

At that moment, a sudden vibration came from the ground.

Everyone who looked around indifferently opened their eyes wide as the vibrations gradually got stronger.

"no way... ... ?"

The reason why the Norse used the valley as an intermediate base was that it was a clean area where no one would be harmed by avoiding one law.

So this vibration was something that should never have happened. The story of whirlpool snakes appearing at the time of sunrise was an event not recorded even in history.

"The law... ... It is out of sync."

As the strong wind blew, a black curtain was drawn over the 20 people's field of view.

What followed in the absence of anything was screams and screams.

As time passed, their cries faded away.

The darkness lifted, and the sun came down and illuminated the cold valley. Thousands of flesh were floating on the red stream.



@



"Sharmain?"

When Shirone made a puzzled expression, Kanya realized that she had shortened her words and added an explanation. Meeting people outside of heaven for the first time sometimes forgets that they are from an earthly country.

"Even in heaven, it is the area where subjects live. It is also called the first thousand."

"The first thousand. Is it the first sky?"

Gardlock answered that question. As a heretic, he was less burdened than Kanya in explaining heaven.

"Heaven is divided into 7 divisions from the 1st to the 7th heaven. Among them, the place where the subjects live is called Sharmain."

Shirone recalled the scenery he had seen from the sky.

Six districts divided like a pie inside a huge circular castle wall, and another district nestled in the middle.

The 7 heavens Gadrak said was what he meant.

"Are all races living together in Sharmain?"

"right. The living area is different, but living in the first thousand is the same. Kergo also behaves calmly. Because subjects are basically protected by the law. But purgatory is an extraterrestrial priesthood. So the laws of heaven do not apply. It is not easy to survive here."

"How many tribes live here?"

"Including purgatory, there is no number. There are many creatures that do not know where they came from because they are called extraterrestrial species. The solitary demons you said you dealt with are also alien species. However, there are still only three races of subjects who keep the divine law. Because the pros and cons are different, we join forces to form the foundation of heaven. Norr likes to explore, and Mecca likes to explore."

"Then what does Kergo like?"

The corner of Gardrak's mouth went up.

"They like God."

"Gadrak! Such blasphemous words!"

Kanya fired back, but Guardlock didn't care.

From the moment he decided to become a heretic, there was no law governing him anywhere. He gained a painful life as the price of abandoning God, but that was also his own will.

"Kergoin likes to fight. Their job is to hunt. That's why they are the only race allowed to enter Purgatory. Of course, the parties seem to be interpreting it strangely, but it is."

This time, Kanya had no choice but to agree.

"It's a race I really don't like. Just because they use their giant abilities doesn't make them giants. It annoys me to see you impersonate a law-keeper."

"But what is the law?"

When I first heard the word law, I interpreted it as I knew, but as time passed, it seemed to be used with a different meaning from the original world.

Kanya asked with a puzzled expression.

"You don't know what the law is? Are there no laws in the kingdoms of the earth?"

"No, there is, but do you really have to protect it?"

"of course. Law is the will of the great Ra. Those who oppose that will cannot exist. That's why it's called the law."

Shirone spread both hands as if frustrated.

"But aren't we breaking the law now?"

Kanya seemed to be more frustrated.

"That's why you're being treated like this in Purgatory! Why can't you understand what I'm talking about! Would you like to live your whole life in a place like this?"

Clove responded at the demeaning words of Purgatory.

"Hey, what else can I not buy? Much better than living your whole life in such a confined space."

"Oh, so? Then where do you live well? Being hunted for heresy by Kergo all my life."

The moment Clove was about to shoot, Guardlock opened his mouth.

"Things like that happen, too. Anyway, we are the ones who broke the law. So he was banished to purgatory, but how is it? At least we got our freedom."

"Why is that freedom? It's just horror. The fear of not knowing when to die."

"You never know when you will die. Still, I have the right to die. Wouldn't that be okay?"

Kanya's expression hardened.

Subjects were said to gain eternal life, but death was a sensitive issue nonetheless. In particular, the fact that the word "right to die" came out of the mouth of a heretic was a mockery of heaven.

Kanya couldn't hold back her anger and fired at her.

"If you are a subject, shouldn't you obey the law? Are you saying that your life will be better if you wrap it up with words like freedom and the right to die? This is why I don't like Norr."

Lena dried up.

"Stop it, sister. Even if you fight heresy, the result will be the same."

Kanya knew too. I couldn't communicate with them, who stood at the symmetrical point based on the law.

However, Gadlock was thinking of putting an end to it while the fight had already taken place. During his long life in purgatory, he too had accumulated a lot.

"Do you really think so? Do you think you are right?"

"of course! we are different! The reason I went to Purgatory is because I don't use elixirs in Heaven. As long as I get the goods, I will return to Sharmain and live happily there for the rest of my life under the protection of the gods!"

"You don't have to wrap it that way. Aren't you just a creature thirsting for eternal life?"

There was life in Kanya's eyes.

Until now, the reason I stayed quiet despite the disrespectful conversation was because there was an acceptable line. However, Gadlock had just crossed that line.

"You, no matter how heretical you are, I cannot forgive you for saying such things. We can get rid of it right here."

"Sister, don't."

Kanya shook off her brother's hand and took out the arc. But her guard lock only looked at her calmly, in a sense, with her sympathetic eyes.

"Then why did you come to see me? No, what are you trying to get from Norr's Shelter?"

Kanya's shoulders twitched while aiming the arc.

"It's obvious even if you don't say it. Sooner or later, someone in your family will be receiving anecdotal liquor, right? That's why you came here to buy Nord's medicine."

Ark's aiming point shook. If you release the handle at this distance, there is no way to block the projectile. But she couldn't shoot. Tears flowed uncontrollably from her.

"What, what's wrong? What's wrong with thinking of your parents! This has nothing to do with the law! i just... ... Just my mother... ... !"

Since men in the sky are also weak to women's tears, Gadrak's emotions softened. At one time he too was a subject. That's why he knew better than anyone how Kanya was feeling.

Lena hugged her sister and said to Gardlock.

"sorry. Sister... ... ."

"Know. You don't have to apologize to Ethan. Meccans have strong family ties. I must have been unreasonably excited. It's all because of this wound."

Gadlock shyly examined the wound on his stomach. Only his muscles were cut, but his organs were unharmed. The problem was the amount of bleeding, which was not severe, but the bleeding was not being stopped.

Gadlock turned around and said.

"Do not worry about it. Norse people don't put their emotions on things, so you'll get what you want. But you'll need quite a bit of elixir. The sales skills of the Norse are excellent."

Kanya said courageously, wiping away her tears.

"Hey, don't worry about that. I've saved enough for a year."

A sad smile crept across Gardlock's mouth as he moved away.

Shirone, who watched their conversation, felt depressed. Many of the words were unfamiliar and the motive for the explosion was unclear, but this place was also not a place where absolute values ??dominated.

What is anecdotal alcohol? Is Ra really a god? Is this heaven or just another world?

When this journey is over, will we be able to return with all the answers?

=======================================
[185] 4. Reversal of the Law (6)





Guard Rock found the place he wanted not far away.

It was a place where the valley subsided and cracked. It was a gap that one person could barely enter, and a ray of light was coming down through the gap.

"Look here."

Gadlock pointed to the center of the flash and said. Only there was a single light concentrating on it. It was fluffy like snowflakes, but if you looked closely, you could see grains of light swirling around.

Shirone looked at it and scratched her head. How should I explain it? Due to the nature of light, it was impossible for particles to naturally agglomerate.

Of course, the Norse thought was not different.

Gardlock said while covering the particles of light with both hands, as if emphasizing that it was a unique phenomenon.

"Can you see the light only converging here?"

"Yes. But how is this possible?"

"It's Jeong. The spirit of light dwells here."

"So... ... Do you mean that Jung is collecting light?"

"no. Because the light stayed for a long time, affection came to dwell in it. Jeong can be anywhere. It can dwell in wind, water, and even thoughts. Of course, as long as that thought doesn't change for an eternity."

I wondered if Shirone had a similar concept to magic stones.

It was a phenomenon in which the concept of a certain quality was materialized when it was stored for a very long time.

"If the spirit dwells in one place for a long time, it becomes a spirit. So, the spirit... ... I'm talking about the spirit with activity. Besides, you can make contracts with humans. If you make a contract with the spirit of light, you can use the power of light anytime, anywhere. But saving is picking stars from the sky."

Shirone pointed to Jeong and said.

"Then this light will also become a spirit someday?"

"Haha, that's right. Wouldn't it be a thousand years? Unless it perishes in the meantime."

thousand years. It was much longer than the time given to humans. Perhaps the period during which certain qualities become positive is also similar. I understood the saying that saving the spirit is picking stars in the sky.

"Anyway, you can go to Norr's Resting Area through this place. Everyone gather here."

"The space is small, so don't a few people have to cross over to the other side?"

"It's fine. Come to think of it, the magic of the land country doesn't have a wide radius. We can increase the size as long as we have the affection of light. It's like this."

Guardlock grabbed the bundle of light. His fists turned golden and rode up to his shoulders.

Sooner or later, the light seemed to spread all over the body.

Since the power of nature is infinite, humans who borrow that power can scale up as much as they like.

However, it seemed to take quite a bit of time.

After a long time, the light did not pass over his shoulder, and a mysterious light passed through Gadlock's eyes.

"Strange. why does it take so long Usually five minutes is enough."

"Master, isn't it that the affection of light has weakened?"

"No way. I did it 3 days ago with no problems. It takes at least hundreds of years for the aura of justice to change. Or what factors are weakening the aura of justice?"

"But it can't be. Because there is only one law here. That's why we also use it as an intermediate base."

From Clove's words, Gadlock realized. It may be a delusion, but it was a bigger delusion to leave the only correct answer and look for other factors.

"no way... ... ! But why?"

The light began to flicker. Then the ground, and finally the whole valley, shook like an earthquake.

"What's wrong? What's wrong?"

"Quickly get out of here! It's a whirlwind serpent! Things are getting messy!"

If the cliff collapsed, it would have been overpowered, so Shirone and the others hurriedly escaped through the gap in the valley.

Looking outside, everything around me was shaking. It was clear that any being of this size was close.

But looking around, I didn't see anything that looked like a snake.

"Damn it! Where are you? Where are you from?"

Lian pulled out her greatsword and stood in front of Shirone.

The wizards also formed formations and entered a battle posture.

Tess focused her senses and explored her surroundings. The left tremors and the right tremors are different. It's going around the corner on the right.

Tess finally felt something strange when the ground shook so much that it was difficult to keep her balance. Her senses and reality don't match. At this level of trembling, it was normal for her to appear before her eyes.

"Hey, over there!"

Shirone pointed with a surprised expression.

A cute little white creature was propped up on all fours on a rock three meters away.

No, can this really be called a living thing?

There were no eyes, no nose, no mouth. Her appearance resembled a salamander, but the surface was smooth as if it had been carved from jade.

I had never seen such a white creature in my entire life.

"what? Is this a vortex snake?"

"Not that way!"

At Guard Rock's cry, Shirone reflexively took a backward step. His eyes opened and he could finally see him.

The shadow of the whirlpool serpent hung over the valley. Unbelievably, it was a huge shadow that filled the entire cliff.

Shirone turned her eyes to the rock again. The body of the salamander-like creature glowed intensely.

The shadows are raised with the light emitted from the body.

By the time I realized that, a shadow had already emerged from the cliff and was flying in, tearing at the corners of its huge mouth.

A veil of darkness blocked the view. It was so large that it exceeded common sense, so I didn't even think it was being attacked.

The moment Shirone and the others were trapped in darkness, Guard Rock, who was watching from the gap in the valley, shouted.

"Dangerous!"

Shirone's beam exploded.

The moment the light spread, everyone realized that a sharp shadow rake was right in front of them.

Even if it was a little late, the flesh would have fallen off.

Kyaaaaaaa!

The whirlpool serpent that had been ripped apart in a frenzy screamed.

Perhaps it is the same description as Harvest. Because a creature without a mouth cannot have a sound organ.

When they came to their senses, everyone could see the shadow of the vortex snake moving away like a storm cloud.

It was fortunate that the first attack was stopped.

Most prey are killed in the first attack of the vortex snake. It's because you can't even see the attack coming in because you're doing something in the dark.

Amy asked, wiping away a cold sweat.

"What is that? Is it a creature or not? Is that salamander-looking thing piloting it?"

Gadlock said as he came out of a crevice in the valley.

"No, the reality of the whirlpool snake is a shadow. no body Standing on the rock is nothing more than an 'incarnation' created by the shadow of the Whirling Serpent."

"Where in the world is there such a thing? There must be a body to have a shadow!"

"I don't know. We call this 'reversal of the law'. That's an alien species. I don't know where it came from, but it's definitely not the world we can imagine."

The whirlpool snake didn't come close. None of the humans he had defeated so far emitted light, so it was natural to be wary.

As the incarnation's body shone, the shadow grew larger. It was like a wild beast making a display in front of an enemy.

Shirone realized from that fact. Maybe this isn't his grave.

"It looks like a wild beast. Wasn't it a common predator in the original world? like a cat or mouse. A creature at the top of the pyramid would not take such a defensive response."

"cat? mouse? Are you kidding me now?"

Kanya represented what everyone wanted to say. But besides Shirone, there was one more person who realized that.

It was Canis.

He watched the whirlpool snake's every move with awe-inspiring eyes.

'It really did exist, a world where darkness rules over light.'

reversal of the law. What was written on Arcane's note was true.

"Shirone is right. In a world where the rules were really reversed, all creatures would exist as shadows. If so, it wouldn't have been particularly strong just because it was a whirlpool snake. Of course things are different here."

Guard Rock looked through the cracks in the valley.

As expected, the law of the whirlpool serpent had been activated, so the energy of light had weakened.

Escape from this state was impossible.

But it wasn't the time to give up. It was because the wave of light that Shirone showed off was strong enough to make the whirlpool snake retreat.

"Hey, we've passed the crisis, but we're nervous. His weakness is light. So he is not active during the day. I don't know why the law was broken, but if you use light magic, you have a chance."

Shirone recalled the battle with Harvest. What I learned from that battle was that the impact was not important to the dark. The key was the total amount of energy.

When Shirone cast the photon cannon, 8 photons were born in irregular positions on the left and right sides.

All 8 flashes of light were immersed in the whirlpool snake. A terrible scream erupted.

Amy fired fireballs. Since there is light in the flame, it will be effective.

The shadow of the whirlpool serpent caught fire.

But it was just such a shock that an ant climbed on the elephant and pinched its skin. To be honest, it was such a huge shadow that I thought it was a foul play.

Canis' magic couldn't even be tried. He tried to attack with the power of darkness, but rather the power was being absorbed.

Winning or losing between the same attributes is judged by brute strength.

If you can't master the darkness bigger than the vortex snake, you will be eaten.

Shirone left the group of friends. It could be really dangerous if its veil covers it again.

True to its name, the whirlpool snake was moving in a way that rotated greatly through space. After slamming a photon cannon into his side, he struggled in pain and pursued Shirone.

As the whirlpool serpent swerved sharply, its huge tail curved towards Amy and the others.

Clove grabbed his head and screamed.

"Aaaaaa! come!"

Amy unleashed a fire mist. The smoke of her fire protected everyone, but she couldn't burn her tail this much.

As if sweeping with a broomstick, the moment the tail was about to blow away the party, Amy even cast an additional fire wall.

The tail caught fire. Then the trajectory did not change.

Amy bit her lip and increased her firepower. Even if she died, she intended to keep this position.

The tail, which had been flying into Amy's body, suddenly moved away and grazed her face. The whirlpool snake, unable to withstand the pain of fire, threw her body out.

"Shirone!"

Amy screamed before she could catch her breath.

The whirlpool snake opened its jaws and swallowed Shirone. At the same time, the snake's face exploded as the berserk exploded.

The high-speed continuous fire of the Photon Cannon exploded.

Amy calculated it to be two hundred rounds per minute. If it was Shirone who set the best record in the school in the speed gun test, it was possible.

The firing rate was getting faster. Then it became a flash of light and pushed the shadow to the opposite wall.

It is the subtraction of mass from photons.

Since the impact force was zero, it couldn't tear the shadow apart, but the flash entered the body little by little.

"What kind of magic is that? Nonsense! There's no way something like that is possible!"

It's good when your teammates win, but Clove couldn't accept the reality that was happening right in front of her.

It was embarrassing for Kanya and Lena as well.

Unlike the Meccans, the Norse can exert great power alone. But I've never seen anything like it in heaven.

It was awe-inspiring to see him fight alone against the vortex snake that everyone feared.

Above all, winning. I shuddered at the sight of the whirlpool snake clinging to the wall and writhing.

Shirone's flash turned red.

From photon cannon to photon output, if you further increase the energy level here, it is compressed into a single wavelength laser.

The whirlpool serpent restored the realm of shadow and pushed the laser, but even that was scattered in a series of explosions.

Kyaaaaaaa!

It was a ferocious roar.

The whirlpool snake was afraid.

In the original world, it was the lowest predator. Then, it was 10,000 years ago that he passed through a strange tunnel and came over to heaven.

Evolution was impossible in this place without natural enemies, and they just lived comfortably.

But now that comfort is about to break. To the insignificant human beings who had been ripped apart for fun.

=======================================
[186] 4. Reversal of the Law (7)





The whirlpool serpent split the shadow into dozens of strands and attacked Shirone.

Shirone was defenseless against the tentacle attack from all directions.

At that moment, the laser scattered and spread out in several lines.

The strategy of dispersing energy and destroying each battle was an excellent choice. However, the decrease in damage per second was unavoidable.

Shadows thicker than the giant's thighs pushed up to Shirone.

People watching screamed. I had the illusion that Shirone's body would be torn to pieces sooner or later.

One tentacle could not withstand the accumulation of energy and exploded. Then all the tentacles exploded simultaneously.

The explosions that followed tail after tail pushed into the body, the main body.

The whirlpool snake stretched out new tentacles, but Shirone knew by now that the tentacles reached energy saturation faster than it took them to reach.

This is because as much as Shirone's energy is dispersed, the durability of the whirlpool snake will also be dispersed.

The battle that followed was a battle between light and darkness.

Just as two fleets floating on the sea exchange relentless bombardment at a distance from each other, whenever dozens of tentacles created afterimages, Shirone's flashes followed and exploded.

The tempo of attack and defense was fast, so I couldn't follow the movement of the shadow with my eyes.

Shirone fired lasers while relying on Spirit Zone's synesthesia for 70 percent of her senses.

There were dozens of ejection points, and the super-dimensional speed of the lines dominated the space.

Now it was a matter of who gets tired first.

Shirone sensed defeat. It seemed that he was about to burst into tears from his nervousness, but his mind, preoccupied with battle, did not allow even a change of expression.

Just when Shirone's mind became faint, the whirlpool serpent roared. It was the same with him that he was doing his best.

When I thought that way, I felt a sense of unity.

The whirlpool snake struggled as if it had intuited death, but there was no space left in the shadow to absorb the energy.

The energy of the laser shook the whole of the vortex snake.

An intense explosion blew away the torso, scattering fragments of shadows.

The gradually tapering laser gradually disappeared from the front of Shirone like water droplets.

People watched the development of the situation without even moving.

Shirone also made up her mind to collapse immediately and glared at the incarnation of the whirlpool snake.

As the light disappeared from the salamander's body, it returned to the same white jade material as at the beginning. Then, the saturation seemed to fade, and then it disappeared as if it had assimilated into the air.

"Porridge, is it dead?"

No one could answer Tess' words.

Creatures that lived here for 10,000 years were analyzed by countless subjects and cults, but death was an unknown territory. It was because no subject had ever driven the whirlpool snake, let alone killed it.

Lian swung his sword at the spot where the salamander had been.

Guard Rock looked through the cracks in the valley. The energy of the light that had regained its strength was being revived as a transformed light.

Gadlock said confidently.

"It must be dead. No, at least not here."

Shirone just sat down. Others watched him devastated.

Earth man erased the law.

Kanya and Lena, Gardlock and Clove knew what the current results meant.

that boy is dangerous

It is the law because it cannot be destroyed. God's will can only be changed by God. Shirone invaded the inviolable realm where no existence was allowed to change.

"You... ... What is it? what is that magic? How did you learn this magic?"

The group was silent.

In fact, they don't even know. The principle of magic is the same, but Shirone's magic is impossible to imitate.

Inherent magic created from God Particles has both advantages and disadvantages.

Lasers have the potential to subdue strong enemies, but are less effective against fast-moving targets. Timing is important for light width, and Photon Cannon consumes a lot of mental power for a basic magic.

However, Shirone compensated for her shortcomings with the scattering of light, the durability of Diamond Steel, and the infinite mental power she drew from the Immortal Function.

The current Shirone was in a unique position that could not be classified as a wizard of any kind.

Canis realized why the wizarding community calls unlockers unique.

It didn't end just by opening Immortal Function. How much balance can be harmoniously packaged through the unique battery.

In that sense, Shirone was becoming a unique.

Clove looked at Shirone with a complicated feeling.

I didn't want to feel bad because he saved his life, but the question was what would happen if he entered Norse society.

It should never happen to be dominated by imitations.

However, they could not be subdued with their skills, so the only thing left was to kill the spirit from the beginning.

"There's nothing to be condescending about with just that much. Even if Master hadn't been injured, he would have been able to get out. Even for heretics, it is dangerous to remove the law carelessly. With the whirlpool serpent gone, there will be a new law, and I will no longer be a guide here. It's dangerous this time, so I can't help it, but you'd better be careful from now on."

Shirone wasn't listening. Suddenly he was staring at something that had fallen from the sky.

It was a jewel that shone transparently in the shape of a drop of water.

"Hey! can't you hear me? Are you ignoring me now?"

Shirone then turned his head. Then, pointing to the three jewels that fell in front of his eyes, he asked.

"Hey, what is this? It looks like the whirlpool snake exploded and fell."

"uh? this this... ... !"

Clove's eyes widened when he found the jewel.

It was the White Elixir.

The first time he encountered White Elixir was at Norr's Shop on the mainland, a huge community.

At the time, the water drop spirit, which was expected to be the most expensive item on the market, was being auctioned off, but an independent Norse group that did not belong to the community won the bid for 23 white elixirs.

Unlike the water spirit, the water drop spirit was difficult to obtain. Since the sea or river does not move, emotions are often born, but water droplets are not of a constant nature.

Even so, magically it is weaker than the water spirit.

However, making a contract with the water drop spirit made the skin smooth, prevented aging, and had some healing properties, so it was popular with women.

At the time, he knew that the water drop spirit was worth 4,600 Red Elixir or 670 Green Elixir.

It was worth taking 23 elixirs for something that could only be obtained by catching 7,000 poisonous ears.

"white! It's the white elixir!"

Clove fluttered like a flying squirrel and reached out.

The moment she was about to grab the elixir, Shirone scratched the floor and grabbed it.

Feeling the sadness of the ground collapsing, Clove frowned and turned her head.

Of course, since it was caught by Shirone, it belongs to Shirone. However, it was not easy to give up because materialism seemed to be greater than that of others.

In particular, doesn't Shirone even know the value of the White Elixir?

"Hmmmm, why are you looking at me like that? I just wanted to take a look."

"What is this?"

"Just what... ... No big deal. It's called an elixir, and it's what heretics use when trading things. I have to look closely to determine the value, can you show me a moment?"

"Ok, fine. ruler."

Shirone readily handed over the elixir. Clove quickly snatched the elixir from her, fearing that she might change her mind.

Kanya, who grasped the situation, approached with twin wicks in her eyes.

"Hey! why are you taking it? Ethan must have his own rules. Didn't you know that the person who hunted got the elixir?"

"My, what did I say? And we hunted together."

"What have you done? Shirone is the only one who deserves an elixir here. Come on, give it back."

"Sheesh! We had a fight before, but suddenly you're pretending to be friends? In front of the Elixir, do you think there are imitations and subjects? Do you think you don't know the heart that wants to eat rice cakes because you look good?"

"You are laughing! Subjects don't need elixirs! Also, Shirone, if you plan to live with the Norse from now on, be aware! Elixir is food and water, air and life. In particular, the value of the white elixir is enormous! You can't just hand it over and do that."

"It's fine. He said he would take a look, so he showed it to me."

"Then what if you run away? What are you going to do then?"

Shirone bent her upper body and touched the ground.

"haha! How are you going to escape?"

"How are you running away? of course... ... ."

Kanya stopped talking and blinked.

Come to think of it, what was he going to do by snatching the White Elixir from a subject with no skill?

Shirone's friends standing in the back were also watching Guard Rock's every move. But they didn't show any signs of nervousness either.

If Shirone puts his mind to it, he knows that it will take less than a second to subdue Clove.

Clove was clearly puzzled as to whether he had come to the same idea. It seemed that his judgment was clouded by his lust for water. It was fortunate that he did not reveal his true feelings.

Gadlock looked at him pathetically and said.

"Clove, give it back. It's not something you can deal with."

Red-faced Clove handed over the elixir.

"I was just trying to watch. So, here. Nice to see you."

Shirone accepted the elixir. As he tossed it over his palm, examining the reflection in the sunlight, he asked Gadlock.

"But what are you using this for? Did you say Elixir?"

Gadlock checked how much the light's affection had been restored. Judging by the intensity of the light, which was getting stronger at a fast speed, it seemed that we could start in the next five minutes.

"To survive in Purgatory, it is not possible to have only human strength. The environment is barren and food is scarce. Disease circulates in some places, and brimstone fires that cannot be extinguished burn the air in some places, making it impossible to breathe. Elixir is an item that allows humans to survive in such an environment. There are five colors, but in fact there is no superiority or inferiority. Because any color is a must. However, they are graded according to their rarity value. The White Elixir is the second rarest item. Thanks to its regenerative and purifying properties, it is a material that does not fall into devices that make air or medicines that treat wounds."

"okay. Can I buy something with this?"

"of course. There are also merchants at Norr's Shelter, so if you want something, you might as well buy it. But for the white elixir, you'll need to go to Norr's shop. Because it is the most active market on the mainland."

Shirone came up with a question.

3 Elixir obtained from the Vortex Snake.

However, the fact that these items were traded on a regular basis meant that someone was hunting creatures of a similar class as the Whirlwind Snake.

Hearing Shirone's question, Guard Rock meekly agreed.

"Purgatory is wide. It's incredibly wide. The Norse built their own society, but there were countless communities before that. Where we are going is only the closest to heaven. I don't even dare to escape from the world beyond that. The White Elixir comes from beyond its borders. From those who can travel farther than us."

Thinking that it would be nice if there were many merchants in Nord's shelter, Shirone kept the elixir in her arms.

It's the same in the original world, but if you can't exchange it for something, gold coins are just a mineral. No matter how precious the white elixir was, unless you were going to make a living in purgatory, it was better to buy it immediately if you needed it.

As people gathered through the cracks in the valley, Gadrak grabbed the essence of light. As his body glowed, the ancient magic Elijah was activated, and white light spread through the cracks in the valley.

The original landscape was revealed as the edge of the light scattered like a blade weakened.

The quiet sound of the wind permeated the place where the person had disappeared.

5. Norr's Shelter (1)





Remnants of ruins were buried in the fields. A shallow stream flowed, and wild flowers were in full bloom along the stream.

The historic site, which has become old with time, felt comfortable rather than desolate. Butterflies flew between the slanted arches and three or four people were taking a break.

Arriving at Nord's Shelter, Shirone checked the destination.

Light was coming down like a spotlight. Looking more closely, I could see the crystals of light flying around on the pillars of light.

The ancient magic Elijah seemed to be a magic that moved from light to light.

=======================================
[187] 5. Nor's Shelter (2)





"Is this the Norse's shelter?"

"yes. It is a place where the affection of light dwells strongly. It can move hundreds of Norsemen. I heard that it was the site of the Altar of Light a long time ago, but they say that the aftermath remains."

"It is more peaceful than I thought. Is it a safe place from raids by extraterrestrial species or heretical hunting?"

"It's not that far away. It was just covered up with a curtain of light. If you look at this place from outside the shelter of Nord, it only looks like a field."

It was similar to invisibility magic.

Invisibility refracts light with the power of electricity to make it transparent. However, this place made the reflectance of light 100% and assimilated it with the landscape as if a mirror was erected.

A keen eye would be able to spot repeating patterns, but it seemed that no human would do such a thing in this vast land.

"Of course, the higher things in heaven can be found to recognize. But no one cares about life in purgatory. It's only Kergoin and the starving omnivores that give off heat."

A simple tent village was formed near the forest. I also saw vendors laying out stalls. There were no customers, but they were chatting leisurely, as if they had no intention of selling anything anyway.

Guard Rock explained that they were merchants going to the mainland's shops. It was literally a shelter, and to find the right stuff, you had to go to Nord's shop.

Even so, it was said that from time to time subjects would come to ask for Norr's goods, and Kanya and Lena were one of those types.

Kanya has been nervous since arriving here. If purgatory is a neutral zone, this is the realm of heresy.

Maybe that's why Shirone and the others didn't even make eye contact and asked Gadlock.

"Where can I buy Nord's medicine?"

"Hmm, did the apothecary come? Look for it over there."

Gadlock shouted behind her as Kanya walked away.

"Remember one thing. You must never fight in Nohr's Shelter. you know?"

No answer came back. Instead, Lena looked back at Shirone and smiled. It was a pretty heart trying to alleviate her sister's rudeness, but it was a smile that also contained her girl's selfishness.

"Brother, see you later."

"yes. I hope you find what you are looking for."

No matter how wide Norr's shelter was, it was there, but it was good to see it as a breakup because conversation was impossible outside the radius of Arin's Spirit Zone.

Shirone watched Kanya's walking steps away from her.

He looked nervous.

What did she leave heaven for?

While Shirone was lost in thought, Gadlock inspected the wound on her abdomen. The bleeding was stopped, but the wound was a mess. He could be dangerous if not treated properly.

"I will rest for a while. I'm tired from bleeding. Listen to Clove on how to buy things. You, too, will need to know if you want to live in Purgatory."

Master's face was pale, so Clove couldn't bear to refuse. Taking Shirone and the others to the stall, he realized that there were more vendors than usual, and his eyes lit up.

"Hey, white elixir, are you going to use it now?"

"Well. I look at things first and buy what I need. Why?"

"I can bargain if you are willing to pay brokerage fees. Since you're new here, you probably don't know what's good, right?"

There weren't many things that could be obtained with White Elixir at Norr's Shelter. It was like paying gold coins to buy apples.

However, since Shirone did not know what was valuable, there was a good chance that he would get even scraps of rice cakes if he negotiated well with the merchant.

Shirone checked the location of her friends. Everyone was scattered and looking at things. Since they are connected through a mental channel, there seemed to be no need to call them together.

-Clove soothes the brokerage fee. What do we do?

-Well. I guess you'll need a middleman. To be honest, I don't know what they sell here besides clothes and food. But can you believe it?

Arin answered Amy's words.

-I can figure it out.

Shirone made a decision.

Menarche can tell if a clove is cheating. I just hoped it wouldn't happen. You can pay as much as you like, but it was a mutual loss to waste time in useless emotional fights.

"Okay, then let's go around together. Introduce what kind of items you have."

As Clove took the lead, friends also flocked to Shirone.

The items handled were diverse, probably because many merchants from the mainland were included.

At first, it was a necessity. Things like food, clothing, pillows and blankets seem common, but they were important items to heretics living in purgatory.

Clove said, pointing to a white loaf of bread that looked like a pebble.

"This is a color that is a must for heretical travel. It's food made with an elixir, so if you eat just one, you'll be full all day long."

Amy squatted down to examine.

There were several colors, but other than that, there was nothing special about it, so I couldn't guess the taste.

It's a good product if it can cover a day's meals with one color, but it was a question to consider whether it was the number one purchase item.

"Hmm, it looks cute because it's round. Would you like to try it?"

Amy threw the bait and Clove snapped. He could tell how sincere he was by the words that came out of his mouth.

"This is such a great thing. Even if you fall in a remote area, you can survive for a month with just this. I like to buy as many as I can while I can."

Then Clove winked at the merchant.

Arin scratched his head in embarrassment. She was so blatantly menacing that she didn't even have to analyze it.

Assuming that her friends knew about it, she left out miscellaneous explanations and only spoke of conclusions.

- Should we just do it ourselves? Do you think this kid has no intention of doing it right?

Amy also stuck out her tongue at his audacity.

- It seems so. But let's take it for a moment. Who would have guessed that these pebbles were food? Anyway, I need someone to introduce me to. You're not lying, are you?

-yes. I just want to earn an elixir. I guess I want to have it for a while. Seeing this makes me a little sad.

Canis winced.

- I guess so. Second, it's magic. His ability to judge the situation and respond in an instant is too poor. Can a guy like that really hunt? So I'll be more greedy.

The power of magic varies greatly depending on the level, but it cannot be a standard for determining superiority or inferiority in detail. This is because the effective magic is different depending on the environment and situation, and there are compatibility.

Even if the magic power of the whirlpool snake was overwhelming, it was the same reason as losing to Shirone.

To judge a wizard's level, one must look at how quickly and accurately he makes magical judgments.

Of course, that part took longer than magic. This was also the reason why the anecdotes of mercenaries who were hired based only on their visible magic skills and then were annihilated due to the magician's mistake were often handed down.

Canis, who traveled the continent to find Arcane's will, had more such experiences than anyone else.

Considering how effective Shirone and Amy's judgments were in the three battles that took place after arriving in Heaven, Clove was ashamed to even be called a wizard.

The next place Clove introduced was a stall selling medicines.

Shirone heard the apothecary and Kanya arguing a moment ago, but couldn't understand because the mental channel was cut.

Clove introduced several medicines to the party.

There were colorful drugs in a small vial, and it was said that it was made using an elixir.

The red potion heals wounds, and the blue potion clears the mind. Those two types were the most common.

The other colored drugs were also unique in their effects.

It is said that the pink potion amplifies the feelings of love, and the brown potion makes memories of a certain time permanent.

Shirone pointed to the white potion that Kanya had been looking for when arguing with the apothecary.

"What potion is this?"

Clove narrowed her eyes in surprise and picked up the vial.

"what? did you have this It's pretty difficult to make."

"Where are the drugs used?"

"This is a stimulant. Stimulant Epines. People who drink this can stay fine without sleeping for a week. It also works great for wizards. For example, if you are shaken by howling, you will be able to survive if you eat this."

Shirone tried to organize Clove's explanation in her own way. If the blue potion increases the power of magic, the white potion seems to have the effect of enhancing durability.

"It's just the right thing for you. It's expensive, but I'll tell you and make it cheaper. How about buying this?"

Shirone had no intention of buying Epines. If you have enough mental strength to stay awake for a week, it's sure to have an excellent effect, but bringing consumables to the original world was a waste.

If there is only one thing in the world, it becomes ambiguous to set the timing to use it. In purgatory, it would be something to drink every time there is an emergency, but it will rather act as a mind for the wizards of the other world.

I suddenly thought that drinking it the day before the practical test would kill the effect, but I gave up thinking that I could be expelled for taking a banned substance.

After the trivial analysis, the thought that came to my mind was Kanya.

speed.

What on earth is she going to do with this drug?

When Shirone came to his senses, the group had moved on to the next stall.

Tree vines, which grow tens of meters within 10 minutes after planting seeds, were said to be essential when traveling in rocky areas, and things like flame powder, which boiled water when sprinkled with water, were also strange.

Shirone, who had been listening to Clove's explanation, looked back at Amy, who had been watching from a distance.

Curious to see her staring at something without even blinking, Shirone walked away.

Something was moving around in the colander that looked like a cage. It was a fireball.

Do you think fire is alive?

As Clove approached, Shirone pointed to the barricade and asked.

"What's this?"

Clove, who was looking inside the cage, opened her eyes wide in surprise, as if the object was unfamiliar to her.

"wow! Are you a spirit? Mister, where did you get this? You had a windfall."

"haha! To tell you a story, it's long. I had a good dream after a long time and went hunting outside the community. Because the brimstone worm gives you a green elixir with a low chance. So I caught a few, but they were all red. Shit, I thought it was a dog dream and tried to go back, but I was caught by 'fire pitchforks'. I thought of you as my wife and ran away. Then he tumbled down a rock wall and, oh my god, that was the spot of fire. The fire had been burning for a long time thanks to sulfur gas leaking from the floor. So I was going to drink the brown potion to remember, but the fire came to me in a splash. I just blew it out. I frantically took out the spirit prison and captured it. Anyway, that's how it happened, hahaha!"

Clove was in no mood to laugh along. He was saddened by why such an opportunity did not come to him.

The sulfur earthworm was an outlandish species that could be commonly found not only in Muspel, the land of fire, but also everywhere in the lava region.

A 1-meter-sized earthworm that spews lava, but its sluggish behavior makes it easy to catch even cloves.

The only problem was the fire pitchfork, but it was not enough to save his life from such a powerful alien species, and he even obtained a fire spirit, so he wondered if he was born with the law of heavenly luck.

Shirone looked back at Amy. She was looking at herself with eyes that didn't know what to do.

Shirone fully understood what he wanted.

If the light spirit was trapped in the cage, he couldn't know how he would change.

For the first time, Shirone seriously asked for value.

"Mister, how much is this?"

Transmitting meaning telepathically was new to merchants as well. But he responded calmly, only blinking his eyes.

One could think of merchants as such, but Shirone inferred a possibility from his reaction.

It was the fact that those who did not speak the language of the subjects might not be the only ones in this world.

=======================================
[188] 5. Nor's Shelter (3)





Shirone's prediction was correct, and the merchant further pointed out that they had just entered purgatory.

"Hmm, you can bargain, but I don't think you guys can buy it. Spirits are very hard to find even in Purgatory. I was about to take it back to the mainland, and I was only stopping by the shelter."

I expected that the value would not be low, but when I refused to even bargain, I was scared.

Can it be purchased with 3 white elixirs? Amy's disappointment would grow if she confidently attacked and then ran out of elixir.

Thinking that a criterion for judgment was necessary, Shirone stopped bargaining and asked a question.

"I heard that you can make contracts with spirits, but is it possible with this spirit?"

"contract? Ah, the contract. Of course it's possible. But what do you do with a contract with a fire spirit?"

"If you make a contract with the fire spirit, you can use fire magic."

"It is, but... ... Normally, contracts don't waste precious spirits. How much easier life becomes when the spirit enters the village. So, usually, they collect elixirs by village and prepare them. People from the outskirts of the community live in barren places and have plenty of elixirs, so they buy them on the premise of a contract. I don't think you guys will live that way."

"Um, is the contract possible anyway?"

When Shirone asked, the merchant nodded as if he couldn't do it.

In fact, it was a common reaction in the mainland. The idiots who do not have the ability to pay the price voice their own voices, and among them, the operation team infiltrates and reduces the value of the goods.

If people from outside the community participate, the auction ends there, but those people didn't even pay attention unless they were special spirits. It was normal for most of them to have blood-drying fights in the atmosphere of walking on thin ice.

Amy wiggled her fingers. She's an expert at bargaining, but she couldn't say anything right now.

In a world where gold coins were used, he would have bought it with his savings. However, this place was a purgatory where only things directly related to life had value.

I didn't want to embarrass Shirone by showing possessiveness in such a situation.

Shirone already knew. For a wizard, improving magic power is what life is all about, so he wanted to save it if possible.

Sensing that the time for a decision had come, Shirone asked again.

"Then how much elixir do I need to buy a spirit?"

The merchant laughed as if it were ridiculous. However, she thought with a serious expression on Shirone's figure, staring intently and waiting for an answer.

"Hmm, if you buy it here, at least... ... ."

Shirone's heart thumped. I wish I could buy it with the elixir I have now, no matter what the price.

As expected, the price was quite high, and the merchant was also cautious. He paused and continued talking.

"White Elixir... ... ."

Shirone and Amy's eyes showed disappointment. Given that the unit of elixir was white, the odds were quite low.

After thinking about it, the merchant raised his head and offered a price.

"I should get at least one."

"Yes? 1 outline?"

Shirone doubted his hearing, which had never betrayed him.

If it is one, you can purchase it.

Realizing the same thing, Amy knelt in nervousness as if someone might snatch it away.

Shirone checked things out. At first, he thought it would be nice if he had the ability to pay, but it is a wizard to let go of past thoughts without any regrets.

But the moment I looked back at Amy, I smiled. Biting her lower lip, she spoke in an inaudible voice.

"Want."

Amy, the only daughter of the Karmis family, grew up rich enough to not know what materialism was. But when it came to magic, she was also just a sorceress.

The merchant understood Amy's desire to have it with resignation. Since the white elixir is something that even merchants on the mainland cannot easily touch, it was only natural for them to despair after entering Purgatory.

He remembered his daughter's face and soothed Amy.

"White Elixir is difficult to obtain. In fact, I cut a lot of this too. When you go to the mainland, a lot of tiring things happen. it's dangerous too It's a conclusion based on the assumption that you can sell it at Nord's Shelter and return home. Since you guys are serious, I calculated it correctly too. Don't be too heartbroken. One day, if you're lucky, you might be able to save the fire spirit."

"I will live."

"yes?"

"I live, I am."

As Shirone rummaged through his inner pockets, the merchant blinked like an idiot. He was clearly trying to make fun of himself, but he wasn't sure whether to get angry or laugh and move on.

However, when he saw three elixirs rolling around in Shirone's hand, he fell off the chair in fright.

Even looking at the iridescent spectrum, it was clear that it was a white elixir.

"Here you go. Can I take it now?"

The merchant said nothing and nodded. Shirone put the white elixir in her hand.

At the same time, Amy brought the elemental prison into her arms.

I felt warm warmth.

warmth of fire.

This was Amy's life.

"Hey, are you okay? Aren't you hot?"

After confirming that the elixir was real, the merchant came to his senses and asked.

Fire spirits are different from inanimate objects in that they are active, but they were fire anyway until they made a contract. It was normal to get burned if you grabbed the heated iron bars.

"yes? Nope. Is it just warm enough?"

"Strange. Can I take a look again? It's something I'm selling, but I'm stung by my conscience. It could be a defective product."

"No, it's fine. This is really a fire spirit."

Amy looked lovingly at the fire elemental bouncing in the air. And he spoke to Shirone using the mental channel.

-Shirone, it's the Spirit Zone.

-Spirit Zone?

-yes. this is awesome It's real fire, but it's also connected to the spirit. I am still getting the feeling.

Wizards do not get burned by the fire they create. Real fire, but because the creator is a wizard.

According to Amy, I wondered if the spirits were also beings with fixed spirit zones. It has become a kind of spiritual sublimation.

"By the way, how did you guys get the white elixir?"

"It's from a whirlpool snake."

"A whirlpool snake? Could it be that you broke the Law of the Valley?"

"Somehow it happened that way."

It is not unusual for a wizard powerful enough to defeat the Whirlwind Serpent to have a White Elixir.

Although not common, this kind also certainly existed in purgatory. Merchants refer to such people as marginals or people outside the community.

"By the way, what about the contract?"

"Ah, I don't know, but I've seen borderline people do it. If you hold the spirit in your hand and mumble something, it will disappear by itself."

Jung doesn't have reason, so it didn't seem like it was activated with a keyword. Then, all that was left was the spirit of the word magic.

exhale and repeat Resonating with fire was important.

Amy opened the bars with the prison key the merchant gave her. Then, holding her spirit with her hands, she recited her improvised decree.

"Fire spirit, dwell within me."

As the fire spirit permeated Amy, she felt a warm energy in her stomach.

The contract with the spirit was similar to realizing a new battery. Apart from Ignite, which is a battery of ignition, it is now possible to battery a new fire.

As Amy summoned the spirit, a ball of fire rose and circled around. As she watched happily, she remembered the name of a false flame that was said to have existed in ancient times.

Jack O'Lantern.

This phenomenon, also called demon fire, disappeared into a page of mythology without being verified despite the hypotheses of numerous scholars.

But no more. The Jack O'Lantern existed as an ancient magic in the kingdom of heaven.

The fire elemental was strategically useful.

First of all, it was nice that it could be activated regardless of Ignite, and it could move in the desired orbit, as well as being divided into several parts like an illusion.

Strategies that can be used such as induction function, deception, and multiple fires have come to mind.

Amy realized Shirone's gaze and extinguished the spirit.

I should have said thank you, but it didn't come out well. Because it just seemed like it would be awkward.

It was different from receiving an expensive item as a gift. Perhaps what she received was Shirone's heart.

Shirone smiled. Then he turned and walked away, as if he knew she wouldn't say anything.

Only then did Amy start to regret it. Why didn't she say anything? Does that mean she knows her own mind? Or did she have no special meaning in the gift from the beginning?

Shirone has an unpretentious personality, but sometimes, like this, she doesn't know what she's thinking.

Shirone looked around the items carefully.

What I realized while watching Amy sign a contract with the fire spirit is that the idea of ??finding something to take back to the original world was complacent.

Heaven was a dangerous place to cross life and death, and if you reinforce something, you should immediately find a sense of power. If there was such a thing, buying it, no matter how valuable it was, was the way to increase the survival rate.

Since Nord's Shelter is a place where the cults belonging to the community usually stay, it mainly sells daily necessities.

Of course, it wasn't that there were no merchants with special items. It is so expensive that it is not even on the market.

Upon learning that Shirone was carrying the White Elixir, a man secretly placed the item on the stall.

Tess ran over and pointed to the item the merchant had raised.

"oh! Isn't this by any chance?"

A mechanism in the form of a beetle.

It was a drone made with Mecha technology.

Clove ran over and explained. Realizing that Shirone is a big hand, he became more active.

In addition to the already known reconnaissance function and language decoding function, it said that it has functions such as radio communication and map display.

"how? Wouldn't you like to trade with the White Elixir? As you all know, drones are not something you can buy with an elixir. It's equipment only for subjects."

Shirone was also positive about this stuff. The drone's reconnaissance ability was something I had experienced through Kanya. If Tess can use it, it would be a great accessory.

At that time, Arin said that he might be able to shave a little. She said that the merchant's menarche caught the emotions that he called expensively.

However, I was rather surprised that the price was cheap.

If the fire spirit is a product, the drone is a limited product. If a subject's belongings were leaked, wouldn't it be worth it to call?

- Arin, is there something wrong? Unless... ... .

-I think so too, but I don't know. In any case, it's true that it cost a lot compared to the price. figure out the rest

Tess hadn't taken her eyes off the drone. She was a stickler for ancient artifacts, so it was clear that if you bought her, flawed or not, she would get it.

Shirone asked instead of her.

"How did you get it? I know it's something that's only given personally to the Meccans."

"Of course it is. But even the Meccans have heresy. He must have stolen it before fleeing to Purgatory. Even if you sell just one, it won't be difficult to make a living. See here for proof. Isn't there a strip connected between the rims of the drone? This is proof that it has never been used. That is, straight from the factory. Perhaps the original owner was someone who worked in a Mecca technical facility."

"Where is he?"

"I don't know. He could have run away, or he could have died. probably dead It's almost like that when things from heaven come to market. If you die in purgatory while taking items from heaven to earn elixirs, only the items will remain."

=======================================
[189] 5. Nor's Shelter (4)





Indeed, such a situation was possible. It is not an item that cannot be purchased just because it is a subject matter.

Nevertheless, the merit of the limited edition was still maintained.

First of all, the merchant knows that the customer's payment limit is two white elixirs. The fact that the price he was greedy for was a single elixir was actually much cheaper than that.

"Can anyone use it?"

"Once it is installed, anyone can use it. Hunting weapons such as Cigna, Xd, and Ark are common, but drones are personal encryption devices. Even if you steal someone else's, you can't use it. But it's brand new, nobody's owner has found it yet. So you can sell it."

I don't know. If it's new, there can be no flaws.

Is it a simple mistake that comes from not understanding this world? Or was it that the fire spirit was such a difficult thing to acquire?

Shirone, unable to decide, asked Tess.

"Tess, do you want this?"

"yes! Shirone, I really want it. buy this Other things are cheap anyway, so you can get them anytime later."

Shirone laughed and threw it away. Even when she asked for something, her cool personality was definitely different from Amy's.

Anyway, it's good to use Elixir for everyone. If so, I would have to buy a scam, but I couldn't bargain because I didn't know what flaws there were.

If I asked him openly, he would definitely be swayed by the merchant, and Clove wouldn't be of any help.

"Why are you not selling it! You brought it exactly as I said!"

While Shirone was troubled, she heard Kanya's voice.

Everyone turned to him. Unlike Kanya, the merchant had a relaxed smile.

"Hey, lady. Where is the scout in Purgatory? An auction, an auction. The price has gone up, but the lady can't lower the price at will."

"It must have been a month ago! Epiness says that one green elixir is enough! They give you up to 30 red elixirs, but why aren't they selling them!"

epines.

Shirone remembered the white potion the apothecary recommended.

However, Kanya's reaction was intense to say that it was simply a stimulant. What's not to do in heaven?

"It was like that a month ago. But now the price has gone up."

"no! I never said anything like that two months ago or even three months ago! This is profiteering!"

"My lady, the price of an auction is set by the desire of the buyer. Isn't it basic that the more you want it, the higher the price? Aren't Ilhwa's sake not going to last for a few days?"

"All, you... ... ."

Kanya's face went pale. Even though he is a merchant, how can he say such a thing?

Even the crappy Clove frowned this time.

The merchant's expression did not change even when he bought it. Because from the start, I had no intention of selling things to subjects.

"Saving Epines today would mean that my family will die within a few days. So, the lady must buy this one. So what's the problem with paying a high price?"

"you! I won't let you go!"

When Kanya took out the arc, Lena stopped screaming.

Violence is forbidden in Nord's Shelter. Violence doesn't end with being kicked out.

Maintaining a community was a reasonable majority promise. The moment the rules are broken, the community collapses.

"sister! Please be patient! If you fight here, you will die!"

Lena pulled her sister by the waist. Even while Kanya was being dragged away, she didn't stop rant.

The merchant turned his attention to the customer and made eye contact with the medicinal material merchant across the street.

An unspoken promise never to sell Epines.

It was an oligopoly.

When Kanya came to rescue Epines three months ago, the merchant charged a price she could not pay.

In reality, it could be exchanged for about 40 Red Elixir, but it required a Green Elixir.

Elixir is different from currency. Arbitrary exchange is possible, but if the other party insists on using the green elixir, no matter how many red elixirs they collect, they cannot purchase the item.

In the end, Kanya had to buy the Green Elixir higher than its actual value. Then he came back to buy, but the merchant said he would not sell even at that price.

"Why are you so excited? What is the sake of anecdotes?"

"It is the art of regenerating life."

Gadlock's voice was heard. He was just about to come out of a sigh of sleep because his seat was noisy.

He could guess the situation just by looking at Kanya's murderous expression. It was the first time I met him as a guide, but I had heard rumors floating around among the merchants.

"As you know, subjects have a fixed lifespan. When your lifespan ends, you will be reborn through the sake of anecdotes. They said that the girl's mother was the target."

"What kind of liquor is it exactly?"

Gadlock squinted one eye.

"I want to talk less about that. As you can see, it's a sensitive issue. The subjects say Ilhwa's sake is a blessing. On the other hand, most of the heretics are those who escaped heaven because they felt repulsed by the alcohol of anecdote. So does the merchant over there. It's because of her elixir that she's not bothering her."

"But Kanya's mother said she was going to end her life. So what role do stimulants play? Can you live by drinking it?"

"no. There is no case where the law is broken. To put it in heretical terms, Kanya's mother will die sooner or later. Even so, she wants to buy Epines... ... ."

Gardlock groaned.

There was a time when he was also a citizen. On the one hand, he felt sympathy because he knew what Kanya wanted to do for her by giving her life.

"Nothing. It's just a ray of light given in despair. It's like giving an anesthetic to a dying person."

Shirone was heartbroken. He thought that although he did not know how different the mindsets of subjects and heretics were, the sincerity of trying to alleviate the pain of parents would work everywhere.

But the law made a distinction even between them.

Kanya went into bargaining again. It was plain to her eyes that she was holding back her temper to buy epines.

There were two stalls selling epines, and maybe Kanya wouldn't have another chance if it wasn't today.

Shirone looked at the apothecary on the other side. His conscience pricked him, and he kept his head down.

Wouldn't everything be fine if he bought the epines and gave it to Kanya?

As if he had read Shirone's thoughts, he quietly put away Epines. The contract is absolute for the Norse, so I prevented the incident from escalating by causing a fuss.

Kanya offered a last resort.

"like! Then I'll do it externally. I will do anything to get the elixir, so please give me the epines."

"What can I get you?"

"anything! He said he would save me even if I had to hunt for the rest of my life!"

"So you ask. What are you going to get me?"

The merchant did not hide his emotions anymore.

He hated his subjects terribly. And heaven was hateful. No matter how good medicine he takes, he can't erase the memory of living in heaven. The law of Ra was just as strong.

"Even if he said he would give it all, he said he didn't like it. How the hell are you going to sell that drug?"

"yes? Then, even if you don't like it, say that you live. Hmm, what should I do... ... ."

The merchant, who had been pretending to be thinking, turned to Shirone and said.

"Would that boy's entire elixir be enough?"

Shirone realized, that the merchant's strategy had been hastily modified.

He must have been looking at the calculator since Kanya brought Shirone.

If you are a merchant, it is natural. But it was exhausting.

I got greedy after seeing the White Elixir, but none of the items I own are expensive. So she hooked up with Kanya.

It was a good strategy, if only emotions were excluded.

I heard that the Norse is good at business. He was certainly an excellent merchant. But he was never a good merchant.

Kanya was speechless and speechless. As her position was cleared, she only thought that she was being played by an impostor.

"I get it now. You never intended to sell in the first place. For three months I had fun, hoping I would die in purgatory! What did I do so wrong to you?"

Shirone felt sorry for her. Emotional responses, like Kanya's, don't work for wizards. This is because they are adept at using the opponent's psychology to turn the situation to their advantage.

If you want to piss off a wizard, you have to do it the same way.

"You make me a bad guy. The more this happens, the more difficult it is for the lady. You didn't say anything impossible, did you? It's much easier to get that boy's elixir than to hunt for a lifetime. is not it?"

"That's stealing! robbery! Besides, you can't even fight here! How am I supposed to get an elixir from someone who has nothing to do with me?"

"Aren't there many things? The lady is a woman and that boy is a man, so it's up to you to find a way."

Kanya's lips trembled. He wanted to shoot the merchant in the face with an arc. But the fact that she had no more chances calmed her down.

How will Shirone react if you ask for an elixir? The Elixir, which is like life to Heresy.

Still maybe... ... I thought I might be able to help. This is because even though Lena is immature, she sees people well.



-I don't like Shirone oppa because he's handsome, I like him because he's kind.



I laughed at him at the time, but he was definitely different from the usual heretic. Maybe he won't hand over the elixir? That expensive white elixir? perhaps. perhaps!

everything was home Even so, the reality of having no choice but to rely on the family was miserable.

I would do anything for my mother. She couldn't just leave her mother, who lived only half of an ordinary citizen's life.

Leaving behind the merchant's fishy laugh, Kanya headed for Shirone. She already knew the situation through the conversation, and Shirone's expression was calm.

Kanya was creepy. what is she thinking? She wouldn't be a good idea. She'll ask why she's walking What's the relationship between you and me

I will apologize nonetheless. I am prepared to give up everything.

Kanya, who approached Shirone, spoke with a miserable heart.

"there... ... ."

"ruler."

Shirone held out his hand. A white elixir was placed.

Kanya groaned. The rising emotion resembled anger, but it didn't hurt in the slightest.

Why is this man doing this? Shouldn't he at least be given a chance to kneel? Wasn't the purpose of good deeds to buy emotions with money? What does this kind of mercy mean?

Kanya thought she should listen. But it was questionable whether the words would come out right.

"Why... ... ."

"Go ahead and buy Epines. It is precious to you."

"But... ... ."

It's not valuable to you.

I wanted to spit it out, but my throat was locked and no sound came out.

This boy was different. They are different from humans and different from other species. even... ... It was also different from La.

The moment the blasphemous thought came to Kanya, it was a thrilling experience. Maybe this was the beginning of the fall, I thought.

"thanks."

Kanya, barely able to utter a single word, went back to the merchant.

As expected, purgatory seems to be a different place from heaven. Strange emotions that I have never felt in my life crossed.

She walked wearily to the merchant and handed over the elixir.

"Now, give me the epines."

"no. You can't sell it with this."

"Why... ... And why?"

Kanya didn't even have the strength to scream. Her determination to hold back her tears was her only support that kept her standing on her own two legs.

"I said all the elixirs that boy has. And according to my calculations, there must still be one more elixir?"

"no. I have no elixir left."

=======================================
[190] 5. Norr's Shelter (5)





Shirone threw the elixir at the merchant with the drone.

The merchant's body trembled as he received it with both hands. He was so thrilled that he couldn't even hold it properly.

It was not red, green, or yellow, but a white elixir.

Shirone flipped her palms and said.

"How are you done with this? Now give the thing to Kanya."

"This kind of thing is difficult. That elixir must also be mine to trade."

"Then take it from this person."

The merchant's eyes twitched. He realized that Shirone's behavior was not a mere provocation.

As if to prove it, Shirone asked as she turned to the merchant who was fiddling with the elixir.

"It's like that, but what are you going to do? Can you back off?"

"Oh no! You can never cancel the deal!"

The merchant was frightened and waved his hand.

Of course, Mecca's drones are highly valued. Only if the item is in usable condition.

The drone he sold was actually an item that was sorted out in the Yellow Elixir line. He handed it over to the White Elixir, so he was Suzy who would never have it again in his life.

"Now, what are you going to do? Are you going to get along with each other and even fight? I guess that's his specialty."

The pharmacist's face hardened.

It's definitely embarrassing in this case. Bargaining with customers can be shameless, but conflicts between vendors have nothing to gain. It was even more so among the lower-level community merchants who mainly deal with daily necessities.

Only then did the apothecary look at Shirone carefully.

Seeing that they were pressuring me like this, it was clear that they were Norse. It is also not easy being a Norse.

Will you take one and pass it on? Exchanging epines for white elixir is a business that will go down in history.

But it was a matter of mood. He did not want to accept the fact that the will of his subjects was done.

"Okay, I'm not selling. So be satisfied with a toy or something. I know that? You have ruthlessly trampled on this lady's hopes."

The merchant abandoned Pato. He gave up the money and chose the pleasure of victory.

As a merchant, it was a piece of bread, but as long as he could see his subjects crying, it didn't matter.

Shirone realized he had lost the game.

"No, you have to sell drugs. Otherwise, it would be a breach of contract."

"what? What contract am I breaking?"

"You said I will sell you medicine if you bring me all the elixirs I have. Kanya did just that. But suddenly canceling the deal is a breach of contract. You know what happens when a merchant loses his trust?"

It's not as far as I know, it's the end. At least it was true that there was no place to stand in the community.

But there was no sense of remorse. It was because it was Shirone who was forcing it.

"Speak straight. When I offered you the contract, you had 2 elixirs. And since I bought the drone right after the contract was signed, I was not in breach."

"How do you know that, when did I buy the drone?"

The apothecary's eyes shook in shock. He lost his temper, but his long business experience helped him.

The disadvantaged side was himself.

"I was already contracted to buy a drone. It's just that he didn't give out the elixir. To say you're a merchant and trade without checking that much, you're still a long way off. If you have any doubts, you can check it out."

The apothecary honed his teeth. Things were going by the touch.

The merchant who sold the drone will take Shirone's side under any circumstances. This is because if you prove that you signed a contract with Shirone, the ownership of the White Elixir will pass.

It was uncommon in the mainland. Since he himself took advantage of the oligopoly, he was not in a position to criticize others.

'Why am I at a disadvantage? Shouldn't it be the other way around?'

The yakjaesang, who was trying to recover, realized. Shirone knew that the value of drones was lower than expected.

I don't know how I investigated, but if that doesn't work, the current situation doesn't exist.

The reason why merchants are on Shirone's side is because they've made profits many times over.

Exclamation burst out. It penetrates the human nature of dealing with matter. It was a skill that could be eaten even among the mainland traders.

"How are you, uncle? We signed the contract first, right?"

"Of course we go first. Even before that wife started screaming, the verbal contract to hand over the drone in exchange for the white elixir was over."

I didn't even ask for it, but Shirone directly confirmed it.

Now I can't seem to get rid of it. If the contract is signed with another merchant, it is the merchant's responsibility for not checking the limit of the customer.

Should I leave like this? One white elixir was also a huge harvest, but it was a matter of pride.

He pulled out the lowest card a merchant could do.

It was a stomach slit.

"My mother was a subject of heaven. But she didn't take Anecdote's drink. Do you know why?"

When no one answered, the apothecary tapped his head and continued.

"You went crazy. His father was killed in heaven. To some madman who had a crush on his mother. But do you know what the punishment was? It's a 40-year lifespan cut. Even so, he had 40 years left to live. My father is dead. Mother cursed that human all her life, gigg. But, it was absurd that Ilhwa's drinking date was set. With the madman who killed my father."

Kanya's eyes twitched.

Shirone didn't know what that meant, but everyone except the party couldn't help but be shocked.

"So my mother took her own life. Since the number of targets for the spell decreased, I had to pay for her remaining guilt. So she ran away from the law. Do you understand now? i hate shinmin Just looking at it makes me vomit! But do you think I will sell you drugs?"

In a word, the lid was opened, so let's die together.

Shirone responded with a snort.

People who really decide to kill themselves don't explain why. It's because the process doesn't matter in a situation where you die and I die too.

All he wanted was an emotional victory, and Shirone had no intention of giving it his way.

"So are you going to sell drugs or not?"

"I don't sell. I won't even vomit the elixir. I've decided, so do as you please."

"Then I have no choice but to take it by force."

"Anyway. but are you okay? If you use violence, you can't live in the community. You have to wander all your life."

Shirone held out his hand. As the photons were compressed, the white sphere vibrated.

The drug dealer was frightened. Magic like this was impossible. The only possible ones were people from outside the community who signed a contract with the Light Spirit.

"you... ... Are you a borderline?"

"The whirlpool snake was quite strong. Thanks to that, I got three white elixirs."

Shirone did not show emotion.

And the apothecary knew that wizards become most cruel and heartless when they castrate their emotions.

"What kind of elixir is in your body?"

Everyone knew that the survival of the apothecary would depend on the answer.

The drug dealer had been in conflict for a long time. It was the point of reaching the end of the curtain. Realizing that he couldn't win in the end, he raised his hand with a bitter smile.

"doesn't exist. There is no elixir in my body. So save me."

Shirone fired a photon cannon. A flash of light passed the tip of the apothecary's nose and crashed into the pillar of the ruins.

A roar erupted, and the column burst.

The drug dealer looked back at Shirone with the smile on his face gone.

"Do not laugh. You may be bluffing, but I'm serious. It doesn't matter if it's the law or the community. If you show meanness one more time, then I will not forgive you."

"OK got it. Got it. calm down."

The drug dealer realized the seriousness of the situation.

Shirone showed maximum hostility in a non-violent line. As a swordsman, he drew his sword, and as a beast, he exposed his fangs.

Realizing that there was no further concession than this, the apothecary threw the epines at Canya.

"Okay, okay? The contract is over."

"One more thing left. I apologize to Kanya."

"Why should I? You don't have the right to interfere with my personal feelings, do you?"

"But you also have a painful past, don't you?"

"What does that have to do with an apology?"

"It's not like you have to apologize. Because words without sincerity are worthless. But don't you want someone to know too? The wounds of the past."

Really? I... ... still couldn't get out?

The apothecary looked back at Kanya's face, which was making a pitiful expression. He said that the person waiting for Ilhwa's drink was his mother.

At the time, his mother was insane. Day after day she screamed and harmed herself. The fear she felt had grown even more frightening to him as a child.

"Sheesh, who knows how to apologize?"

The drug dealer snorted and cleaned the stalls. He put the medicine bottle in his bag, rolled up a blanket, and put it on top of his backpack. He got up and threw the purple potion at Kanya.

"It's called Korfin. It's a nervous system strengthening potion. Since you got your portion right, I'll give it to you as a service. If you use it with Epines, it should work. Even so, it would be futile."

The apothecary, who was walking towards the tent village, turned to Shirone and said.

"And kid, everything I said was made up. It's great that you defeated me, but if you don't notice that much, you'll be beaten badly on the mainland."

Arin delivered the words through the mental channel.

-Shirone, can you confirm that it is false?

-no it's okay.

Shirone stared at the back of the apothecary who was lonely walking away.

Nord's Shelter.

A place where the wanderers of Purgatory rest.

I thought that maybe what they put down here for a while might not be a tired body, but a wound in their heart.

The splendid shopping has come to an end.

Shirone soothed Kanya, who couldn't stop crying. Beside him, Lena puffed out her cheeks and watched.

Amy and the others started the meeting without Shirone.

The items purchased with 3 white elixirs were fire spirits, drones, and epines.

Even if it was the best thing according to the situation, I couldn't help but feel like I was losing money. In particular, Tess couldn't hide her sorry feelings.

"I don't mean to say that I begged you to buy it, but is it really okay? There must have been something useful in battle. In particular, you bought Epines at a ridiculously high price."

"What does it matter? You can hunt if need be. You don't have to worry about the past."

"Lian is right. And it's not just financial loss. Shirone managed the Elixir most efficiently, and you just have to be satisfied with that."

Tess, who was comforted by Amy, cried.

"No matter how efficient it is, what do you do? Things were messed up. I also support Shirone's choice, but the apothecary could have cut the drone in half if it hadn't been for some weird tricks."

Kanis said with a sneer.

"Amy didn't mean that. Actually, Shirone didn't see any loss. He bought something that couldn't be obtained even if I gave him all the white elixirs."

"what? Was the fire spirit really that expensive?"

"no. The most expensive was Epines."

Tess thought Canis, whom she was not friendly with, was joking.

I'm just saying it because I said it, but thinking that I bought something with a white elixir that could have been bought with a red elixir made me wake up in a fit of rage.

Ryan asked as if he couldn't understand.

"Why is Epines the most expensive? It's a common drug."

"That's true, but for today, the price was beyond imagination. The most important thing is the owner of the item. Kanya and Lena. In other words, they are citizens of Heaven."

"ah... ... ."

"You understand now? It's not epines. Shirone bought a ticket to heaven with just one white elixir."

Indeed it is.

Come to think of it, the way to enter heaven was far away. But now, they also have a corner. If you borrow Kanya's power, you can enter heaven.

=======================================
[191] 5. Norr's Shelter (6)





Even so, the reason I felt rejected was that it sounded like Shirone was using her.

"Shirone is not like that! Even if Kanya wasn't a subject, she would have helped me the same way! Shirone is nice and... ... !"

"I know, what kind of character it is. Because he is like that."

Tess was speechless when Canis readily admitted.

"You must have been sincere in giving away the White Elixir. So what I want to say is this. Shirone must have acted like that with good intentions, but he's not stupid enough to even think about the situation. is not it?"

The group did not object.

If it was Shirone, there was no way she wouldn't know what Canis thought of. If so, you will be strategizing one way or another. Just in time, Shirone walked this way with Kanya.

Kanya lowered her head and said.

"I'm sorry, I suffered a loss because of me. I will never forget this favor."

Amy asked with a wink at Shirone over her shoulder. She shook her head as if she knew as well.

In life, there are times when good intentions are reflected as calculations, but this was the case with Shirone now. I didn't want to hurt Kanya, so I wanted to watch a little longer.

Opinions came and went through mental channels. Kanis said he would say it himself, but the decision was made by majority vote to entrust it to Shirone.

After the meeting, Amy and Kanya were busy examining the fire elemental and the drone.

While watching, Shirone realized that among the women in the party, only Arin had nothing.

"Sorry. I ran out of elixir."

said Canis.

"I do not need. I didn't come here just to get something like this."

Tess, who was petting the drone, became angry.

"what? Say it again."

"I do not need. I didn't come here just to get something like this."

As Tess gritted her teeth, Canis added.

"We risked our lives and came here not to go to purgatory. You have to think that even that drone you are hugging is a piece of equipment that everyone carries around in heaven."

Canis was right.

If Purgatory was a market for selling goods, Heaven was a factory for manufacturing goods. All the principles of this world came from the law of heaven.

Tess pouted and sat back down.

In any case, the drone is yours. Even if there are some bizarre things in heaven, if you can't find them, isn't it a piece of cake?

Feeling good again, she pet the drone. Then, she suddenly became curious about how to use it.

I didn't handle it harshly for fear of breaking it, but shaking it and tapping it showed no sign of it working.

"Kana, how do you use this? I said it was new, but it doesn't work."

"Give me I'll look into it."

Kanya was handed the drone and turned it around. Then she saw a steel strap tied to the drone's flight organ, and she looked puzzled.

I know she also bought a drone with the white elixir. But she never thought to sell something like this. The equipment of the Mechas whose belts were not untied was useless.

"there... ... I can't use this."

"What? why? Is there something wrong with it?"

"No, rather the opposite. This is brand new, right out of the factory. Do you see the inscription on the steel strip here? This is called henna, but it can only be used if you break the seal. But the seal can only be broken at the factory. That's why I can't write."

Tess looked like she was about to cry. To think that the item obtained by paying the white elixir was the same as a lump of scrap metal.

Listening to the conversation, Shirone realized why the merchant was so anxious to sell his goods. He wasn't talking about sealing.

said Amy, taking away the drone.

"Give me this. I'll go and get a refund. You sold a defective item without even explaining it. This is a scam!"

"right. I cheated."

The merchant who sold drones came with Clove.

As soon as she accepted it without hesitation, Amy lost her temper.

The party calmed down and waited for the merchant's next words. But he said nothing. He gave out three yellow elixirs from his bosom instead.

"What's this?"

"This is the original price of the drone. Of course, the profit is taken away, but no auction can sell it cheaper than this. All items in Mecca are locked. I'm sorry I didn't tell you the truth."

Arin told me it was the truth.

Amy guessed why the merchant made a declaration of conscience. First of all, it was an obvious fraud, and seeing Shirone's skills, he came to the conclusion that the matter would get bigger.

In the end, it was a simbeom to take care of the original share. He had no guts for a merchant.

"Don't look at me like that. I have no intentions."

"Then why return it?"

"That's what an apology means. I felt miserable. I escaped from heaven and entered purgatory, but I lived believing that there was hope. I don't want to throw away my pride as a merchant."

Shirone received the yellow elixir as if she understood. She informed Ah-rin that she was half-truth and half-false, but she was fed up with fighting with marbles.

The merchant comforted them in his own way.

"Yeah, it's not like I've shaved too much. Usually, 10 yellow elixirs are enough to get one white elixir. The value of drones in Purgatory is just as high."

Tess snapped.

"Then what are you doing? You can't use it anyway."

The merchant had nothing to say about it. Mecha equipment was not a major handling item, and there was no information to know that it was obtained by chance.

But Amy got a hint from the merchant's words.

"Isn't high value means there is a way to unlock the lock?"

Tess looked back with a glimmer of hope, but the merchant just shrugged his shoulders in disapproval.

Canis, who had been listening to their conversation, sighed.

I was annoyed at the situation where I was thinking about the key to the lock in front of me. Should I tell you this or not?

In the end, he showed a little camaraderie and opened his mouth.

"You guys really don't know?"

"yes? Don't you know?"

"Remember how we got here. Think about it if you have a head."

Tess searched for memory. He escaped through the Guffin's Gate into Heaven. Guffin's Gate? Wait, what did we do at Guffin's Gate?

Tess turned to Shirone and shouted.

"Shirone! Quickly, quickly release this!"

Shirone realized it too.

The Guffin's Gate is also a kind of ancient weapon. The exterior is nothing more than a stone wall, but when the Immortal function is opened, it turns into a dimensional door. Maybe that's why the nickname Unlocker was attached.

After accepting the drone, Shirone held it with both hands and focused. Will it happen? I doubted it, but I expected it to happen nine times out of ten.

When I opened Immortal Function, the drone started to glow. The merchant's eyes widened as he watched.

A red pattern was revealed along the locking device called henna. Although the form was different, it was the same phenomenon seen at Guffin's Gate.

The henna fell off with a ting, and light leaked through the cracks in the assembly.

Shirone smiled brightly and raised the drone.

"Wow, is this for real?"

Just like the smile on her face, Shirone's body stiffened.

A lot of Norse people were looking this way. Not only Kanya and Lena, but also Gardlock and Clove were shocked and stunned.

I thought it was because I simply opened the seal, but I heard a whisper somewhere.

As Arin tried to telepathize with several people, their voices entered his head.

Nephilim.

Many words came and went, but the word that came out in common was Nephilim.

The louder the voice, the more anxious Shirone became.

I didn't know if the word Nephilim meant a good thing or a bad thing.

Arin said their feelings were awe and fear.

Kanya, who met Shirone's eyes, was startled. But she remembered that even that was disrespectful and fell to her knees.

"The subjects of Ra meet the Nephilim."

Shirone couldn't fathom how things were going.

Then the guard locks approached. He had a more serious face than when he was being chased by the heresy.

"You guys weren't the ones who fell into purgatory. They were the ones who opened the door and came in."

"I do not understand. What the hell are the Nephilim?"

"In this world, only angels can come and go between heaven and earth at will. There are various missions, but among them is to conceive a person who will reform the land nation. It has to be a virgin who has never had children, and that's called virgin conception. Nephilim refers to the offspring of an angel and a virgin. This is how the Nephilim are called in heaven. free from the law."

Shirone remembered the priestesses that Chief Kergo invited to attend the banquet. He said that only a virgin could bear a child of angelic descent.

Even so, what I don't understand is that he is not a Nephilim. If she really is descended from angels, why did her mother abandon herself?

In addition, it is absurd to say that they are Nephilim because they are capable of immortal functions.

If all the Unlockers in the world came from a single bloodline, there is no way that scholars couldn't figure it out.

"The Nephilim are out of the will of Ra. But the subjects follow the Nephilim. Because he is the one who has risen to the highest position that humans can climb."

Shirone didn't like it. Isn't there no reason for subjects to follow just because their ancestors are good?

Immortal Function was also a realization through a challenge. It just seemed absurd to attribute the achievements he was proud of to his bloodline.

"That's Okay. Knowing that doesn't change anything anyway, right?"

"It doesn't. Because this is a country of heretics. Anyway, why the hell did you come to Purgatory? Are you here to carry out an angelic mission?"

Shirone guessed the value of an angel. It was a means of communication that connected gods and subjects through dimensions.

"Yes. We came to enter heaven. I have something to tell you."

"It was too. But why did you come to Norr's shelter?"

"I wonder why... ... ."

When Shirone turned around, Kanya turned her head with a reddened face.

Her heart was pounding. Shirone was not a heretic or imitation to be rejected. She was the great Nephilim who defeated the poisonous ear and obtained Epineth.

Shirone calmed Kanya down.

"Don't be too nervous. Actually, I didn't even know they were Nephilim. Just be comfortable."

"But... ... how... ... ."

Amy came over and helped. Even though Shirone was right, she was strangely uncomfortable with her feelings.

"Yeah, take it easy. Even if Shirone is a Nephilim, the other friends are heretics. We're comfortable with Shirone, so you don't have to do that, right?"

Kanya didn't think so.

Those who accompanied the Nephilim could not be classified as heretics. Because they are connected to the Nephilim, and the Nephilim are connected to the angels.

Anyway, since she couldn't deny what the higher law said, Kanya decided to treat her comfortably according to Shirone's will. But there was still a big echo in my heart.

Nephilim, Nabal, and Tess didn't care. Shirone is Shirone.

She smirked and looked at the drone. Her heart skipped a beat when she heard the hum.

Kanya came over and held out her hand.

"Give me this. I will teach you how to use it."

A drone is a remote-controlled device that uses the human brain as a control tower. It is said that it can fly up to a radius of 10 kilometers from the control tower, although it depends on the atmospheric conditions, using advanced technology called retinal vision to transmit information directly to the user's eyes.

"To use the drone, you have to enter a personal password. It uses a natural frequency, but only mechanics in Mecca know the principle. To use it anyway, click here then... ... ."

When I put my hand on the reset button, the hemispherical drone split into several organs.

As I put it on Tess' head, the drone tightened with a mechanical sound and began reading the brain waves.

=======================================
[192] 5. Norr's Shelter (7)





After 30 seconds, a signal indicating that the saving was completed appeared.

After searching for the left and right eyeballs, the drone sent a signal to the left eyeball.

Tess gasped in amazement. The view of her eyes was overlaid with the view of the drone.

This ability alone was worth a schema.

Taking off the drone and mounting it as a gauntlet, Tess listened to the explanation and nodded her head.

Kanya told me that it has a language decoding function and a function to automatically find a target by tracking radio waves by storing specific brain waves.

Unlike Shirone and the others, who were excited about reinforcing their combat power, Clove rolled her eyes as if she was anxious.

Even heresy, the word Nephilim was strong.

It was different from the fear felt by strong enemies. The Nephilim were fears of the unknown that had nothing to do with how powerful they were.

Recalling the attitude she had shown towards them so far, she hoped that Shirone would not only curse strangely.

As expected, Shirone approached.

Contrary to what he thought, he took out a yellow elixir and put it in his hand.

It was a fee.

Clove struggled for a while before putting it in his pocket.

"Oh, thank you. You don't have to give me this much."

"It's fine. You can't split an elixir anyway."

"you... ... Are you really a Nephilim?"

"I don't know. I'm just a magic school student. No matter what people call it here, that won't change."

"I'm sorry for being harsh. I know you are a man of the land... ... ."

"Even people on earth shouldn't treat you like that."

"Yeah, that's right. Sorry."

Shirone didn't want to say anything more.

Discipline is meaningless to an opponent who succumbs to fear. Even if you tell the cockroach to bow, he will obey.

Shirone stopped paying attention to Clove and went to the place where the Norse were gathered. Since this place is also part of the community, I thought of asking.

"Hey, maybe... ... Do you know about a woman named Miro?"

The Norse reaction was bewildered.

Just as Shirone was about to give up and turn around, an old man walking with a cane.

"Miro, did you say maze?"

"Yes. Do you know?"

"I heard about it when my parents were still alive. Could it be that she is also a Nephilim?"

"Yes? Oh, right."

People in this world know Unlockers as Nephilim. I don't know exactly where Miro was born, but since she was also an Unlocker, it seemed safe to give her a definite answer.

"She denied the law of Ra."

"that is... ... What do you mean?"

"do not know. That's all I heard But her mother didn't hate her. Even though she was a subject whom she followed so much. It was shocking to me as a child."

A woman who denied the Law of Ra. The information obtained was simple, but if you think about it, it conveys a lot.

First of all, it was clear that Miro had been to heaven. And he would have gone back after realizing much more about this world than he did.

Then she denied Ra.

What judgment will you make when this journey is over? Will you understand the labyrinth, or will you deny it?

While I was lost in thought, Amy approached me.

"Shirone, it looks like the sun is going down. I decided to sleep here today, how is it?"

"yes? I'm fine too. I'm tired from fighting in the morning. Let's rest from now on."

"there... ... ."

Kanya came over and started talking. Amy could tell just by looking at her expression. From the way she followed, it was clear that she cared about her relationship with Shirone.

"what's the matter? Anything to say to me?"

"I taught Tess how to use the drone."

"Oh yeah. thanks."

"Me and Lena are going to sleep here too. The guides are fifty at this time. I think we will leave tomorrow morning."

"ah... ... I see."

Shirone left a lingering impression at the end of her words.

If Kanya leaves tomorrow morning, they must follow them then. But the problem was that there was no agreement.

Kanya, who looked at Amy for a moment, said.

"Did you say you were going to heaven? If it's okay, can you stop by my house for a day?"

I was thinking of going to heaven, but staying overnight at Kanya's house was another event.

It could be because of her mother who is dying. She may have been tempted to introduce the Nephilim to her parents, who were ardent subjects.

In any case, there was no reason to refuse. She was only grateful to her for accepting her goodwill as her goodwill.

When Shirone agreed, Kanya blushed.

Amy didn't like that part, but she couldn't be timid, so she snorted and went to Tess.

In the middle of organizing the day's work, the outskirts of Norr's shelter became noisy. A group of people came running and screaming.

"Patrol! behind! Get down on the floor!"

Before I had time to ask what was going on, the Norse people scattered in all directions.

Shirone grabbed Kanya's hand and ran to the guard lock. His friends seemed to have made the same judgment and were gathering towards it.

Shirone, lying down in the bush, listened to Gardlock's every detail.

It is said that on days when the moon rises to full moon, angels patrol the periphery of Purgatory.

Its reason and purpose are unclear, but it has been a revelation that has been passed down among cults for thousands of years.

A sound echoed through the world from the sky. The air around me was vibrating as if tens of thousands of locusts had gathered.

As each sound was layered, the cacophony disappeared and a single melody pierced my ears.

Is it the most beautiful string instrument in the world?

Shirone lost her mind and fell into a delusion.

Gardlock pulled Shirone's mind out of consciousness.

"Wake! Don't get lost in the sound! We're enduring it because we're wizards, other races have already reached out."

Shirone looked at Tess and Lena. Sitting on his knees he was weeping. He didn't lose his mind, but he was already in his other world.

What the hell is this sound? Can a single note shake a person's mind like this?

"Where are you sounding from?"

"Each angel has a unique vibration. It is a vibration emitted by existence itself."

"A vibration of existence itself? How is that possible?"

"In heaven, angels are called the adjusters of the law. As the first entity in the law of cause and effect, it takes precedence over all laws. Vibration is a vibration that proves the realm unique to angels."

Shirone looked up at the sky. Judging by the frequency of the vibration, it seemed that sooner or later it would pass over Nord's shelter.

Even though they said they had hit the curtain with light magic, they couldn't shake off their anxiety.

"Can angels see us?"

"Maybe, maybe not."

"What does it mean? Can you see it?"

"Did you check your finger prints today?"

"Nope."

"It's a similar situation. If you set your mind to it, you can project as many curtains of light as you like. But they don't fly like that in the wide purgatory. As long as you don't act on a whim today, it won't be a big deal."

In the bushes on the outskirts, someone called 'Coming!' he shouted.

Shirone raised her head. I saw four figures passing through the sky at high speed.

I couldn't even blink my eyes.

An angel in a white robe was flying in the lead. He spread his wings of light ten times larger than his body and held a golden piece of iron in his hand. Above all, the thing that caught my attention most intensely was the sphere of light floating above his head.

Those who formed a triangular formation centered on an angel were creatures I had never seen before.

Those who guarded the left and right sides resembled humans, but had red and blue skin tones.

Behind him was followed by a monster made up of all kinds of creatures.

Above their heads floated long horn-like triangles of red light, ranging in number from one to three. Even though it was not a cone, it maintained the same shape from any angle.

"What is it, the monster at the end? I could see the legs of an octopus and the face of a snake."

"Those are Maraya. Causal rate 2nd entity. Another name is Keeper of the Law."

"Are you a follower of the law?"

"Angels are said to be the adjusters of the law. They are the first personalities created by God and have the right to freely interpret God's will. Do you know what this means? That you can bend the law as you please. It's on a different level from giants. When an angel orchestrates the law, Mara acts. That is why we call Mara the follower of the law."

Shirone realized that she had met the highest class of this world.

If God is the law, angels are the judges.

If so, wouldn't Mara be at least an aide carrying out the orders of the judge?

"Something was floating above my head. Angels are spheres and Mara are horn-like... ... ."

"Right, horns. But it's not a real horn, it's a thought body. The higher the number of horns, the higher the Maraya. They are endowed with unique abilities from birth. The source of that power is the horn."

"Then what's on the angel's head?"

"It's called the Astral Body. It's no exaggeration to say that the power of angels resides in the Holy Light. I don't know much about the principle. Even when I was a subject, I could count on one hand the number of times I saw an angel."

Clove said with a trembling chin.

"I'd rather come here and see you more often."

Shirone was seized by a strange feeling.

If angels really exist, are the Unlockers really Nephilim? Is the power to cross dimensions at will, or the maze's scale magic, the ability of an angel?

My head started hurting.

I got a lot of information from the first day I arrived in heaven, but the board of the puzzle was so big that I couldn't guess the whole thing.

Not long after the angel left, the moon rose.

It was a huge moon that I could touch from the top if there was a mountain. It was grotesque.

After the angel's patrol, the day of the Norse came to an end.

Shirone rented a 12-seater barrack in the tent village and lay down side by side with his friends.

I could hear the sound of breathing all over the place. I wanted to think more, but my body felt that my body function was deteriorating.

Shirone, who had fallen asleep without realizing it, met Miro in her dream. It wasn't a nightmare.

6. Anecdote (1)





Shirone and the others followed Guard Rock and arrived at the Valley of the Vortex Serpent.

Since the law had been broken, it could no longer be called the Valley of the Whirlwind Serpents, but the name that had lasted for tens of thousands of years would not easily disappear.

Gadlock said that he would no longer be able to find guides here.

Now that the whirling serpent is gone, there is a possibility that a new law will come in. Any law would not be friendly to them.

"I will see you someday. The law is finite, but man is infinite. Even if heaven perishes, Norr's resting place will not disappear."

Gardlock said so and disappeared.

The words that humans are infinite touched Shirone's heart. Even here, tens of thousands of light years away, humans were living.

The party flew three drones into the sky.

The importance of reconnaissance increased because of Kergo's experience of heresy hunting.

When Shirone asked about heaven, unlike the first time they met, Kanya kindly explained it.

"Heaven is made up of seven heavens. From the 7th thousand Aravoth to the 1st thousand Shaman. The place where subjects live is the first thousand Shaman. The three races, Mecca, Norr, and Kergo, keep the law and do the work given to them. If Kergo produces it, Mecha processes it, and Norr plays the role of supplying it."

"But isn't that unreasonable? It's something you've been destined to do since you were born."

"We have been doing this for hundreds of thousands of years. It's just following Anchera's laws."

As far as Shirone knows, it took about 10,000 years at the most for civilization to have been born in the original world. If heaven had existed for hundreds of thousands of years, it would have been normal for it to be population saturated, apart from social problems.

When Shirone brought out such thoughts, Kanya tilted her head instead.

"It is disrespectful to ask such questions. You govern the world called Anke. So far, the population of Sharma has never decreased or increased. The population is always the same."

"How could that be? Is it like a birth control policy?"

"Those who keep the law and obey it will have eternal life. They can enter the Shehakim of the Third Heaven and live forever."

"So those who don't get eternal life die?"

=======================================
[193] 6. Anecdote (2)





"no. Even if their lives end, the subjects of Heaven do not die. Regenerated into a new life through the sake of anecdotes."

"Then it is arithmetically incorrect. If everyone can live forever, why is the population the same?"

"The lifespan of subjects is under the control of Ra. Because the lifespan of the entire population is calculated under strict laws, we can keep a fixed figure."

Eternal life and population limitation were words that could not go hand in hand.

In the end, the key lies in the sake of anecdotes.

However, like Guardlock, Kanya also avoided explaining. Whether it was a subject or a heretic, he had his own beliefs, but it seemed that that was not the case with Anecdote's sake.

contradiction.

The sake of the anecdote Shirone imagined was a huge contradiction.

From the valley of the whirling snake, through the forest of the profane, we reached heaven.

The group raised their heads to the sky.

Compared to the size of the walls, they were but dust. It was an extreme scale that humans could not create.

Kanya introduced this place as District 73 and added that there are 820 Districts in the 1st Thousand alone.

Giving up on her imagination, Shirone touched the wall. He thought it was stone, but it was metal.

Heaven's technology was beyond the common sense of Shirone and the others.

"Is it okay if we go in?"

"It will be fine. Because it's Nephilim. But it is unpredictable."

"Then why don't we jump over the castle wall instead?"

I thought it would be impossible to cross the wall that reached the sky, but there was no other way.

But even Kanya shook her head.

"No drone can fly in the airspace of Heaven except drones that are approved to fly. You will be intercepted. I've never heard of it before, but I've heard of it from his grandfather before. And it's impossible to sneak in anyway."

"why? There doesn't seem to be anyone guarding the door."

"There is no restriction on entry. It's a matter of the law. The information that happens in heaven is managed by the sixth heaven, where angels reside. Since it can measure the mass fluctuations of each zone and even the gaseous components mixed with the air, it is futile even if they come in from hiding. don't worry too much Because nothing dangerous will happen. This is not purgatory."

Kanya, a subject, reassured Shirone that there was no need to plant bad feelings about heaven in advance.

As he approached the gate and thrust the gauntlet, a red beam emanated from the lens and scanned the surface.

The sound of the world shaking was heard as the gates opened. Even blocking my ears didn't help.

When the entrance to Area 73 was opened, Shirone and the others followed Kanya and entered Heaven.

The lens sparkled as the gates closed.

The information of the newly changed District 73 was transmitted to the 6th Heaven Jebul.

Total mass 49,739,498,847.3423 kg.

0.0000024 percent increase in carbon dioxide emissions.



@



Sharmain's first impression was heterogeneous.

The residences of the tribes were divided across the street, but the cultural styles were extremely different.

Norse buildings were utilitarian, whereas Kergoin's buildings were extravagant. And when they found Meccain's building, Shirone and Amy stopped and were speechless.

It was the magic warehouse, Estas.

Square boxes were piled up in layers, and they moved freely intersecting with the building next to it.

I didn't think that Mecca would visit the magic school. In some way, it was proof that Mecha's technology had flowed into the original world.

Kanya passed through the streets of Mecca and came out to the square.

The scenery of the plaza, where various races are mixed like a bridgehead of culture, seemed to see the international market of a neutral country.

"Shirone, look over there."

Amy pointed to the statue of the giant.

It felt different from when I saw it at the Kergo Altar. Giants actually live here. He even fought a battle.

What is the reason why the giant who is admired by the subjects is wandering in Purgatory?

Kanya's house was the same size as the other Meccan houses.

If Kergo was for show off and Nor was for practical use, Mecha seemed to pursue standards.

Upon entering Kanya's house, the building rose to the fourth floor.

Unlike the inhuman form, the inside was cozy.

My parents, who were sitting at the table, jumped up.

I heard that the sake of the anecdote is for those whose lifespan is ending, but their faces are much younger than Shirone expected.

Kanya's mother hugged her two daughters and shouted.

"Where have you been? Do you know how worried her mother was?"

"Sorry. There was a situation."

"Who are those children? You look like a Norse."

"I went to Nord's Shelter. to get this."

When Kanya handed out the potion, her mother's eyes widened in shock.

never told anyone But how does his daughter know about this?

"you... ... This... ... ."

"It's a stimulant, made with Nor's magic. Drink this before drinking alcohol."

"Lena! Why did you do this? Mom didn't want this!"

"So you're saying you're just watching? Even her mother went to Purgatory to give her medicine to her grandfather!"

"Who the hell are you talking to... ... !"

"Grandpa told me! That's why Grandpa was able to drink anecdotes while laughing until the end! That's it! That's family!"

"Why are you really like that! Then you must know that my mother's lifespan was shortened while looking for medicine! How would her mother feel if her daughter did the same thing!"

Dad, who had been listening with a sad expression, interrupted.

"Both of you, stop. It's already spilled water. It's okay since we got back safely."

After drying his wife, he looked back at Shirone and the others.

"Then are you heretics, from Nord's resting place?"

Kanya introduced Shirone and the others.

"no. They are from the country of the land. You saved my life and Lena's life and helped me get this medicine too. If it wasn't for those people, I might have died."

There are no parents in the world who would treat their daughter harshly when they were told that they had saved their daughter's life.

Dad called Shirone and the others home.

While her mother prepared the meal, Kanya told her about her experiences in Purgatory.

When it was said that Shirone was a Nephilim, both of them knelt and the living room was in an uproar.

After the party's earnest request, the parents agreed to treat them comfortably.

"I see. Thank you for helping Kanya and Lena. But you'd better get out of here quickly. Even the Nephilim would not welcome those from the land."

"Nope. We intend to go to the 7th thousand."

Arabot, the sacred place of God, was such a holy place that it would be disrespectful to even dare to say that I would go there. However, since Shirone was free from the law, he was free to say the words that came to his mind.

"but... ... There is no way to get to the Seventh Heaven."

"You should think about that from now on. What I'm more curious about is the law here. What do you mean by shortening lifespan?"

"Literally. Subjects are given life span according to the law from birth. Kanya's lifespan is 62 years. Lena can live to be 73."

"what? Lena is the younger sister, but she has a longer lifespan?"

"Life can change at any time. Lena got ten extra years of life for singing her hymn beautifully in her childhood. It's a good thing, but the problem is my wife. Her wife lived 43 years and 247 days. She only has one day left."

Shirone's heart sank.

What kind of person in the world knows lifespan up to one day in advance? If he did, he was terrifying to imagine.

Even so, Kanya's mother was smiling. Because she is sure that the grace of Ra will fall.

"My wife's lifespan was cut short by 20 years for going to purgatory when she was young. So tomorrow she goes into the anecdote."

Changing a person's lifespan is a cruel thing. No, I didn't think it would be possible.

If Ra rules the lifespan, how old is he?

It is said that the history of heaven is hundreds of thousands of years. Maybe Ra is really a god.

"What is the sake of anecdotes?"

"Hmm, I guess I didn't tell you. I guess so. It's not a good thing to know. Above all, aren't the Nephilim free from the law? It has nothing to do with you."

"I still want to know. If you know what it is, you might come up with a good method."

"Hmm, if that's the case... ... ."

Just as Dad was about to speak, a clear voice rang out from outside the window.

"Everyone support me! Mecca officer Feofenira."

Shirone and the others jumped to their feet.

Like sound amplification magic, the voice was reaching this far. Most surprising of all was that the language was automatically translated.

The ability to transmit mentally without going through a channel.

If it was magic, it was a high difficulty.

"In the end, what was to come had to come. It is a fairy."

"A fairy? Is that the fairy I know?"

Shirone recalled the fairies living in the original world.

Kanya's father mistook the fairy he was talking about for a fairy here and nodded.

"yes. doers of the law. If a giant keeps the law, a fairy is a doer of the law. He can be said to be my vassal. It must have come because of Kanya and Lena's case."

"What shall we do?"

"If you are a Nephilim, you don't have to worry. being free from the law. but... ... I don't know if she'll take that into consideration. Because of her unique personality."

"What are you doing! Citizens of this house, open the door!"

A fairy's voice came from outside the door.

This was on the 4th floor. And the fairy Shirone knew was never a flying being.

Dad opened the door and, contrary to Shirone's expectations, a dainty creature flew in.

It was a girl the size of the palm of my hand.

She had curly blonde hair, and she was so pretty that her features were clearly visible even on her small face. He was wearing ankle-high green boots, and his transparent wings were swaying at an invisible speed.

When Kanya's family knelt down, Shirone's party also followed them.

Floating in the air, Feope lifted her chin and said.

"I am Peope, the fairy of the spiral. He appeared in person to judge the subjects."

Fairies, like jack-o-lanterns, are born from the heart, but they are not attributes of the natural world.

single concept.

Thus, fairies were rational and were able to dominate the embodied concept.

"So from now on I will enforce the law. Kanya and Lena, have you ever been to Purgatory?"

"Yes. I have been out."

Kanya's parents closed their eyes.

However, Kanya, the party involved, was calm. It was something he had been preparing for before he left heaven.

If there's just something... ... It was Lena.

"sorry. I wanted to treat her mother with delicious food before the drinking of Ilhwa, so I hunted in the forest of the vulgar."

Since Kergo can freely come and go to Purgatory, he wondered if his sins would be lightened if he made an excuse for hunting.

However, Feope pushed her as if she didn't care about the situation of her subjects.

"Hey, how dare you tell a lie. What use is food to a subject who will die tomorrow?"

Kanya's mother eventually burst into tears.

Even if the sake of anecdote is a blessing, is there any creature in the world who is not afraid of death? Such dangerous feelings were stirred up by Feope.

Shirone felt anger at that fact.

The subjects call Ilhwa's sake regeneration. However, the words from the fairy, the official of domestic affairs, were a clear death sentence.

The reason it wasn't a simple threat was because I couldn't feel any malice from Peope's words.

It was like an innocent child expressing his feelings honestly.

"Anyway, don't judge. Kanya and Lena, I cut your lifespan by 40 years."

Kanya had a stunned expression. If you cut 40 years, your remaining life will be less than 10 years. Lena is on her better side, but she will end her life at the age of 33.

Being sentenced to a 40-year cut for trespassing was the highest record she knew.

Same-age sales a year ago received a five-year cut. Uncle Kai, a Norse, was seven years old. Even the mother, who is known as the most unlucky case, is 20 years.

But cut 40 years? She says yes, but what about Lena's life?

=======================================
[194] 6. Anecdotal Liquor (3)





"Feope! please forgive me! Adding my and Lena's lifespan together is a cut of 80 years. I forced my brother into it. So at least my sister, please forgive me!"

"What about 40 years? After all, don't you only live 60 years at most? Would you be able to do all the things you want to do in 5 years?"

It is lifespan that determines biological characteristics. Fairies have reason like humans, but their way of thinking is completely different as they live an eternal lifespan.

A fairy's life gives her plenty of time to make up for her mistakes. So, although he is honest and honest, he had no way to understand the feelings of a human with a limited lifespan.

It is as if there is no human being who knows how precious an hour of life is.

In particular, from the point of view of Peope, who was born only a year ago, death was just a word that would only come to mind a thousand years later.

Kanya's mother collapsed on the floor. I knew that my newly appointed articles of association were clumsy, but she never dreamed that she would make such a disastrous judgment.

"Feope, you are the executor of the law. However, no one in the fairy realm has ever dealt with such severe punishment. It was 20 years for me alone. Please change your mind."

"what? You're just ignoring me because I'm only a year old! I know everything I know! The executors of the law have the power to adjudicate life spans of up to 50 years. Are you rebelling against my own authority?"

"If you really made that judgment, please tell me why you would agree."

"Huh, good! Then I'll tell you! Cana and Lena's unauthorized departure from heaven reduces their lifespan by 20 years! And the remaining 20 years are the sin of bringing heresy! Wouldn't that be dissatisfied?"

Peope pointed at Shirone and the others and said. There was no report that heresy had entered, but it was a fact that I confirmed with my own eyes when I came here, so there was no problem in making a judgment.

"Feope! These people are not heretics! The boy here is a Nephilim."

"Yes, the Nephilim?"

Feope stared at Shirone.

Are they really Nephilim?

descendant of angels. free from the law. The original knowledge given at the time of birth passed through my head.

Since fairies are not the adjusters of the law, they can only be charged with certain laws. Therefore, it was true that no punishment could be imposed on the Nephilim.

Even so, Peope did not back down.

As the youngest of 48,000 fairies in the 72nd class of fairies, she recalled the verbal violence suffered by her senior sisters every day. If she did not establish her authority here and went back, she would be a laughing stock until the next youngest was born.

"Even if I do, the sin doesn't change! Let the Nephilim pass! But not all will be Nephilim! Therefore, the sin of introducing heresy will be punished!"

Kanya's mother raised her head and retorted.

"I am not a Nephilim, but I am a friend of the Nephilim. It is against the law to accuse them of heresy."

"Shut up! How can a subject discuss the law with the executor of the law! I am carrying out Ra's will. To go against me is to go against God!"

"Wait for a moment."

When Shirone stood up from her knees, Feope crossed her arms and looked back at him.

Fighting the Nephilim was not a good thing, but even the Nephilim had no authority to get involved in the execution of the law.

"what? I will not forgive you if it interferes with enforcement."

"No, I'm trying to correct my misunderstanding. We are not brought by that girl. I just followed Then you can't blame that girl, can you?"

"What are you talking about? Are you following me?"

"I found that girl by chance outside of heaven. It just came in as I opened the door. I can go anywhere because I am free from the law. That's why I came to this house to have dinner. So there is nothing wrong with those two sisters."

"Who knows who would be fooled by such a lie?"

"Then prove it. I want you to prove that what I am saying is false."

The mecha system in heaven catches any small variable, but cannot read emotions.

Numerous information verifies the situation in which Shirone and the others came in with Kanya, but it was impossible to understand their relationship. All of this happened because Shirone was a Nephilim.

Feope rolled her eyes here and there.

You have to find another way somehow. If rumors spread that he was played by human words, he would be ridiculed for a thousand years.

"good. If so, it restores Kanya and Lena's lifespan by 20 years. And the entry of the Nephilim is also permitted. However, those who remain must be heretics who deny the law, so we will shorten their lifespan. You there, tell me your name first."

Peope pointed at Arin and said.

Of course, Arin didn't answer.

I don't know the exact cause, but the ability to grant life seems to require a name. Arin was not foolish enough to openly write her name in her killing book.

"Nope. Why do I have to tell you your name?"

"These are real! It's a shallow heresy, so you don't know the fear of fairies!"

Shirone said with a disapproving expression.

"What do you think of human life? You are not going to die one day either."

"I am Jung. It cannot be compared to human life! Besides, I've only lived a year! You have very, very much left before the end of your life."

Shirone snorted.

The future is the future because it eventually comes. That's why we honor those who lived first, and commemorate them when they leave the world.

Feope didn't seem to realize that the concept of the future was of an indestructible nature.

No, you probably never even thought about it.

said to be one year old. Compared to the age of a human being, I could guess how immature they were.

Feope put her hand on her waist and said.

"Okay, it's going to come out like this, right? For the sin of not revealing your names, you will be judged by those higher than me. And Kanya and Lena will get another 30 years for hiding the blasphemous heresy, and both of them will get 50 years off their lives!"

Kanya's family was devastated.

In 50 years, as soon as the law is executed, Kanya dies.

In fact, it was the top of the 72nd class of fairies who were actually executing life spans, so they wouldn't die right away, but once the report went up, it would be self-evident that it would be dealt with within a few hours.

Feope, who had been evaluating her own judgment, turned around as if she had completed a difficult task today.

"With this the verdict is over. Then I'm done."

Feope, who was flying toward the door, stopped flying.

Ryan and Tess were blocking the door. Shirone and Amy surrounded her on either side of her.

"Hmm, are you trying to subdue it by force? Me, a fairy?"

"There is nothing I can do. Think of it as catching a sparrow."

"yes? Then where do you go?"

Feope widened her eyes.

Then, Lian's expression as he grabbed the handle of the greatsword crumpled. He was twisting his arm under a strange force. Tess, unaware of her situation, grabbed her by the shoulder of Lian's, and she felt the same pain.

"Ho Ho! If you don't move quickly, it will break."

The ability of a fairy, which is a single concept, has many similarities with eating out. It is to expand the concept and use it like magic.

Feofe was born in the spiral, and as such, she has mastery over all things torsion. It was difficult for him to hold on even with Lian, who had the strength of a schema user.

However, as the body began to carry out 100% of the instructions of the brain, the body moved little by little. As he swung the greatsword, the power of the spiral was broken and Peope stumbled.

Tess looked for an opening and stabbed the saber.

Feope, who evaded by flying into the sky, looked at her in disbelief.

schema. It was a giant's skill.

Fairies and giants are the two main pillars of maintaining this world. That's why I was thinking that each of them was superior to each other even though they were equal according to the law. That's why it was a shame to lose to the giant's technology in any situation.

"These are real!"

Feope moved fast enough to draw a picture with an afterimage.

As Lian and Tess' movements overlapped, there was a gap in movement.

Aiming at that moment, Peope hit the door with the power of the spiral. The center of the iron door was crumpled in a clockwise direction, and the light chip was broken and the door leaf fell off.

"Ho-ho-ho! stupid guys! So goodbye!"

Peope, rushing outside, felt something strange. For some reason, his speed was slowing down.

As Shirone approached from the front, he flew up to the ceiling, but even that was slow.

By the time I realized that time was passing slowly, I was already caught in Shirone's grip.

Shirone released the slow and held Feope in front of her eyes. Her expression, caught, was dazed.

"How about the time?"

Controlling time is the magic of light. However, there was no light in the room that could be amplified by magic.

Source knowledge passed through Peope's head. The Nephilim are descendants of angels. And the angel... ... He was the ruler of light.

'this... ... !'

Feope was crying. He struggles to get out, but Shirone's strength is stronger.

No, the fairy's physical strength was weak.

The strength of the fairy, which is specialized in mental strength, was the lowest among the laws.

"Let go! I mean, let go of this!"

Peope's struggles were not ticklish.

Then she clenched her teeth and cast a spell. The moment the power of the spiral was imbued, Shirone grabbed her hand.

Feope's eyes widened and the air in her stomach burst out of her mouth.

"Haaaaagh! stop! I'm going to explode!"

"Return the lifespan of the family to normal."

Peope's face, which had been weeping, turned cold.

"huh! trying to intimidate? But it's no use. I am the one who reports to the superiors, but I am not the one who enforces it. Since you attacked the enforcer of the law, even if you are a Nephilim, you will not be safe. You better release it quickly."

"Threat? It could kill you."

If she can't change Peope's heart, Kanya will die. He couldn't claim that he wasn't responsible for it.

As I applied strength to my grip, Peope's complexion turned pale. Even so, the enforcer's pride was not abandoned.

"Lord, kill me. Not scary at all."

The more he pressed Feope, the stronger his pulse felt.

It was a fragile creature. It looks like it could be broken for fun.

she was afraid

"Aren't you afraid? But why are you shaking?"

Feope, who was ridiculed, raised her eyes fiercely.

"The annihilation of existence is a law that everyone is afraid of! Even knowing that fact, you choose death! Don't compare yourself to lesser humans like you!"

"Then die."

"Kill! I mean kill! You can die anytime!"

Shirone lifted Feope. When he hit the floor, he died instantly.

Feope's trembling became stronger. Just the thought of the little corpse with its guts ruptured made him feel bad.

Feope burst into sorrowful weeping.

It will live for a year and leave. Even her dream of becoming the number one member of the 72nd class of fairies ended today.

As Feope's tears flowed down the back of her hand, Shirone frowned.

How should we accept this world where even essential values ??are dominated?

"Choosing death despite being afraid? why? Why can't you just think like that?"

"huh! People like you can't understand! But I won't say anything! As an enforcer of the law, I will not yield to humans!"

"okay. If you gave up your life, you would be as good as dead, so I will take your life with ease."

Feope's face was covered with tears.

I wish you could save me. But what should I say when I tell you that I will kill you with the power of life and death in my hands?

Do you mean to get down on your knees and pray? It was unacceptable for the enforcer of the law to obey his subjects.

"yes! kill! I mean kill them quickly!"

"But if you ask for help, I will."

=======================================
[195] 6. Anecdote (4)





Upon hearing Shirone's words, Peope's face froze.

She couldn't understand what was going on inside her mind. Her strong feelings that had dominated her began to disappear like bubbles in her as she gave her hope that she could live.

"Are you mocking me? What do you gain by humiliating me?"

"mockery? don't be funny It's only natural to spare someone who asks for help. Because I also want to live. Because my life is precious, I know how precious the lives of others are."

Shirone was not determined to free Feope. It was still unclear what decision to make at the final moment.

I just thought of Kanya and Lena. Like this, he couldn't let the two of them die.

"I'll count to three. one."

Power went into the hand holding Feope.

"two."

"Sah, save me."

Peope said in a low voice.

Shirone didn't relax her stance as if she hadn't heard. And the moment he was about to shout three, Peo Pe, who closed his eyes tightly, shouted.

"help me! ask for help! I don't want to die!"

Shirone let go of Peope.

Freed, she flew up with trembling wings. Her face was as red as the sunset, and she fired at him vigorously.

"Do you think you will be safe even after doing this?"

"What have I done?"

"You tried to kill me!"

"Yes it was. And that's what you did to Kanya and Lena."

Peope could not refute.

An executor of the law from birth, she never thought deeply about the lifespan of her subjects.

However, it was a complicated problem when I put my life in someone else's hands.

Death is scary and life is sweet. The same was true of fairies who lived for 10,000 years.

"I think Kanya's mother's work is also wrong. Give her mother's life back too."

Feope was annoyed when the pressure came in before she could organize her thoughts.

"I told you earlier! The only ones who can touch the Life Department are the upper echelons of the 72nd class of fairies. We cannot reverse a case that has already been decided."

"Then first, repeat the judgment of Kanya and Lena. can you do that?"

Feope, who rested her chin on her head and thought, said.

"what... ... Then I'll cut your life expectancy by one year."

Shirone burst into laughter.

It would be nice to see Kanya and Lena's guilt lightened, but the difference in judgment was too great. I thought there was no standard from the beginning.

"You're not some kind of junk dealer, so you can judge as you please?"

"Even if this is reduced, it's a mess! Then, shall we raise it to 20 years?"

"It's not like that. isn't it strange There must be a standard to apply sin."

"That is why I am the standard. I am the enforcer of the law! Now that I see you, are you really ignorant?"

Shirone stopped talking. He had to admit that fairies were a different species that diverged from humans at some point.

Fairy thinking is more comprehensive than human thinking. While humans can break love into countless concepts, to the fairy, love was just love.

Feope was an executor of the law, so she did not doubt her thoughts. Knowing how terrifying his death was, he was cut a year.

It was understandable that I couldn't make detailed judgments like 2 years and 3 months or 7 years and 6 months.

Thousands of years will pass and the accident will deepen, but now she was only one year old.

"Now is it? then i'll go Fairies have a lot of work."

"Where are you going? Shouldn't Kanya's mother also be responsible for this?"

Turning back to Shirone, Perope lifted her ax eye.

"How do I solve that? I wasn't even born at the time. Besides, my position is the youngest of the 72nd class of fairies, so I do not have the authority to change the life expectancy book."

"Then tell me how. Since you're a fairy, don't you know something? I can never let you go until you tell me."

Feope had a crooked temper like a spiral spirit, but it wasn't difficult to handle because she was young. He told her that if he could dig up her information, she might have a way to save Kanya's mother.

"Hey, do you know that I won't be able to leave if you block me? And no one can get involved in the affairs of the fairy world. This is determined by the law."

"I don't know what that law is, but you know that it's unreasonable, right? life is precious Are you saying you can cut someone's lifespan by 20 years at will?"

Feope was in tears.

The truth is, you don't even know yourself. It seemed to me that I would have to live at least 600 years to judge whether the law was right or wrong on an individual basis.

"Why do you keep doing this to me? I'm just doing what I'm told!"

"When are you said to be the enforcer of the law? When are you confident enough to run away now?"

"Oh, really! What to do? What do you want to know?"

"First of all, tell me what Ilhwa's sake is."

"Anecdotal liquor? that's a holy spell By refining the laws of the subjects, they are reborn into a new life."

Peope replied without hesitation, as if he had learned something after a long time.

However, Shirone couldn't sense anything from her words other than wrapped justice.

"How do you understand when you say that? I mean, be specific. What does it exist for, how is it performed, what are the descriptions of the technique, things like this."

"Ugh, really annoying... ... ."

Feope covered her head with both hands.

The sake of anecdotes is just the sake of anecdotes. I had never reviewed the information I knew as source knowledge.

There was only one way left.

Recalling the memory transfer, her eyes lit up.

"If you really want to know, there is a way to explain it clearly. It's using mental resonance. Fairies can transmit memories to others. I'll show you my memory of an anecdote of drinking that I experienced. Will that work?"

Mental resonance is dangerous. It didn't look like Peope would do anything bad, but he wasn't an ally anyway.

Arin said through the mental channel.

-It's fine. With Peope, I can control it.

-Are you sure? No matter how strong your defense is, there is such a thing as eating out, right?

-Because Peope is emotionally immature, she will be able to read the unique pattern of eating out with menarche. Then, you can stun it with Mental Shock before it activates.

Kanis and the others seemed to have experienced eating out as well.

Thinking that menarche is truly amazing, Shirone conveyed her consent to Feope.

"great. Show me your memory of the anecdote."

"okay. Then we begin."

Feope cast a memory transfer spell.

As the spirits of Shirone and the others were sucked into their memories, the image of the plaza from a year ago appeared. It was where the statue of the giant stood, and the subjects were not even breathing.

When Shirone called for his friends who had arrived at another point, they approached like spirits penetrating the subjects.

It was someone else's memory, but it was as clear as reality.

Shirone, who exists as a memory body, could examine anything she wanted. It was strange that he didn't notice even if he pushed his face right in front of Shinmin's nose.

Shirone and the others headed towards the statue.

As the crowd barrier disappeared, an amazing landscape unfolded.

Several hoses were connected to the giant's statue, which connected to eight glass spheres placed around it. The glass sphere was large enough for a person to enter.

The subjects were silent, but some were weeping. A mixture of reverence and despair aroused anxiety.

Kergoin ran around the statue, preparing the spell. Eight subjects walked out of the crowd. They were similar in age, in their 50s and 60s, but one was a young woman.

Shirone saw the tears in their smiles.

Shaking pupils, trembling corners of the mouth, cold sweat on the forehead.

They were clearly thinking about death.

Subjects entered the glass sphere without a single thread on.

As black water filled the glass sphere, the family came running weeping. On the other hand, the other subjects fell flat on the ground and started chanting Ankera.

Kergoin pulled out the family members who shouted "Mom, Dad, Grandpa" and knocked on the glass.

Subjects submerged in the rising water smiled.

Is it drowning?

It was brutal.

With that thought in mind, Shirone peered into the glass sphere and backed away in fright.

It wasn't drowning. Their bodies were loosening in the liquid.

It was the most bizarre sight I had ever seen.

I was curious about the composition of the liquid, and I thought I knew why it was black. If they had been able to see this process, the family might have gone mad.

The liquid in the glass sphere was sucked up through the hose. There was an unpleasant sound, like excrement pouring out of the intestines.

The voices of the subjects shouting Ra grew even louder.

As the water surface of the glass sphere lowered, the transparent interior was revealed again without any debris.

there was nothing.

The people who had been smiling a moment ago had escaped through the hose.

Shirone turned her gaze to where the hose was connected. His body was already trembling. Still, he had to see it with his own eyes.

statue of a giant.

There, eight people were pouring down from the base of the statue.

So what the heck is it? What is it that fills the statue right now?

immortal a.

The sound of praising Ankera pierced the sky.

Suddenly, the giant's statue vibrated strongly.

At that point, the subjects were silent.

Not a single drop of water was left in the glass sphere. All of them were stuffed into the statue of a giant.

like a mold.

Shirone shook her head. It can't be. But once the thought came to his mind, he couldn't stop it.

A mold that melts and pours humans into it. Then what is being created inside me... ... .

The statue of the giant opened showing the severed surface.

Huge paws pushed out and shook the ground.

Shirone shuddered at the sight of the giant covered in jelly. To be called a human, his expression was different.

Arin muttered through the mental channel. The reason why he couldn't communicate with the giant was because several minds were mixed in one body.

Then, what state is the mind contained in the body?

Is it the spirit of the eight, or something completely different from it?

The subjects begged for mercy.

Those who are born of the law and keep the law. giant.

That's why the giant has the right to punish those who break the law.

Even if someone is trampled by a giant's feet at this moment, it will not be the giant's fault.

People who made eye contact with the giant foamed and collapsed. It was pressing, an eye technique.

iced coffee.

Shirone shuddered.

source of schema. The schema in the beginning was a phenomenon in which human body schemas mixed with anecdotes were overlapped.

I followed the giant and overheard the subject's conversation.

The giant leaves heaven and goes into purgatory. There, he punishes the heresy that threatens the kingdom of heaven, and is called by Ra again to return to the Fifth Thousand Matei.

The family cried and cried.

mom! Dad! grandfather!

As if in response to the voice, the giant flinched. But he didn't look back, and he moved toward the outside of the castle gate again as if nothing had happened.



@



As the landscape in Peope's memory burned like a piece of paper on fire, the landscape of the house was revived.

Shirone and the others looked around.

Peope was nowhere to be seen. He seemed to have run away while his memories replayed.

However, after learning what Ilhwa's alcohol was, they couldn't afford to care.

Anecdotal alcohol subjects disintegrate in liquid. Then, after entering the mold and undergoing a special transformation process, it is reborn as a giant. People's minds are mixed, and in the process schemas arise.

That was the meaning of the stimulant Kanya bought.

It was the wind that allowed him to come to his senses even a little in the unknown darkness.

Gadlock was right. It was no different from administering an anesthetic to a dying patient.

"Unbelievable... ... ."

Tess' face was bloodless pale.

The giant's ability schema. and their ability schema.

When I thought about it, I ran to the corner and vomited. The food I just ate spilled out.

No one scolded Tess.

Everyone was nauseous.

As Lian approached, Tess raised her hand to stop her.

Of course, Peope's memory was not worse than the scenery of the battlefield. But the mental vomit came flooding in.

Schema is the technology of giants. But why can he open the schema? Is there a separate lineage of giants like the Nephilim? But the giant had no genitals.

"You know why I didn't tell you?"

Kanya muttered sadly.

Some call it a blessing, others call it a curse.

No one wanted to talk about this event, where opinions were divided even among subjects and cults.

"According to the law, humans are born of giants. So, back to being a giant. That's the anecdote."

Even if Kanya's words were true, he couldn't accept them. The alcohol in the anecdote that Shirone witnessed was a monster that could not be hidden by any makeup.

I finally realized.

The anecdotal liquor practiced in heaven was a technique that used human flesh and organs as raw materials to slaughter giants.





(end of volume 8)

=======================================