
anger (1)


Hearing the sound of his heart beating, Ogent turned to Laird.

"ha ha ha! Will this be fun?"

Watching them wield their wooden swords loudly and prepare for sparring, their spirit soared.

'Do you want me to stop killing you?'

If Ogent's heart was revealed through violence, even if Laird turned to dust, it wasn't enough.

I still want to hit you

'It's a peck.'

Recognizing the truth in his heart, Ogent smiled bitterly.

said Damian.

"Ogent, I'm sorry."

Ogent didn't know what he was sorry for.

"If I hadn't taken you as my son, none of this would have happened. But... ... It is unavoidable."

Because I can't turn back time.

"There is nothing to be sorry for, Father." All the words angered Augent, but it was true that he had saved his life.

As a result, the anger intensified.

Without saying what to do, Ogent walked over to the arena and took the wooden sword in his hand.

'Only with this... ...

Ogent has never really fought anyone before, so he doesn't know exactly how good he is.

But it never occurred to me that I was a frog in a well.

Although he never fought a human being, he could cut down a burrowing creature, something other humans couldn't.

"I want to be gentle, but... ...

Leard tapped his shoulder with a wooden sword and said.

"A true warrior is not afraid of injury. How much would you do with this piece of wood? Let's go hot."

'It's stupid.'

It sounded like common sense to someone who had reached a certain level, but Ogent laughed in vain.

'A person can be killed with just one chopstick.'

"brother! Show me the power of the Kang Clan!"

Even though it would be difficult to support either side, Smille asserted Ogent's victory.

'Is it ignorance, or is it sunny... ...

No, Smille was always like that.

Unlike Ogent, who weighs all the risks before doing something, she was always unstoppable.

'So I want you... ...

Ogent, who had erased his thoughts, held out his wooden sword.

"Let's start."

After declaring war, Reid's expression, which had been smiling until now, became frighteningly calm.

'He's not a pathetic guy.'

A unique aura called the giant's power was rising from Laird's body.

Of course, it was a temperament that only August's senses could feel.

"Taha!"

Laird rushed in first, and Ogent turned around belatedly.

"wow??????

Those who watched quickly fell in love with Leard's swordsmanship, which was stronger than expected.

Even Smille, who had believed that Ogent was the best until now, opened his eyes wide at the speed of the sword.

Ogent, who was the only one whose expression did not change, was calmly pouring out his attacks.

'He's a strong man.'

I didn't want to belittle it as weak.

It was clearly a skill worthy of representing the mountain clan, and he was also adept at handling the power of a giant.

'What the hell am I... ...

That's why I suddenly had a question.

'How strong is it?'

The reason why you get goosebumps all over your body and even get a creepy feeling is because you have confirmed your inaction on a different level.

'Can there be such a difference?'

Lead's movements were clearly visible in a sense of a completely different dimension, incomparable to numbers.

'This is not something to avoid.'

Almost to the point of foreknowledge, each and every one of Laird's movements was being analyzed individually.

Ogent's sense of being able to walk only ten steps in a day eventually reached such a level.

Being able to deal with Lead with only 1% of his nerves, he thought with the remaining 99% of his nerves.

'This man will be Smille's husband.' From the day she first met her, she had never left her heart for a single moment, and she would be gone.

My stomach was boiling.

"Yaaaa!"

The moment Reid performed a vertical slash, Ogent twisted his body and assumed an upward stance.

'rather... ...

Raising the sword upward would break Lair's neck, but he hurriedly stopped.

Laird, who had never been attacked by Ogent, glared at him with his eyes wide open.

"If you're going to do it, do it right, you little bastard."

I don't know why they didn't attack, but it was clear that they were mocking.

"Let's stop. It doesn't make any sense anymore."

The whispers between the two did not spread outside, but everyone kept their mouths shut in a subtle atmosphere.

"No meaning? It is a showdown between the mountain clan and the river clan. Are you still a warrior?"

"I am not of the river clan."

It was a fact that you could tell just by looking at the color of his hair that August was the adopted son of the chief.

'What is this bastard?'

Even though he is a competent person who lightly sheds his onslaught, he has a nervous personality with extreme timidity.

'Even if it's not blood, how do you act like this to your brother-in-law?'

One possibility flashed.

"Could you... ...

After looking at Smille, Laird's eyes stared straight at Ogent's face.

The blood was gone from his normally pale face.

"Such a pervert!"

At the sudden shout, both the Gang clan and the San clan put on a bewildered expression.

Only Smille was watching.

"I will beat you to death!" Leard, who already thought Smille belonged to her, let out anger and swung the sword at her neck.

But at this moment, the person who was most angry was Ogent.

'Kill it!' The rage born of shame blew away reason, and the sword bent at tremendous speed.

It is impossible to distinguish with the naked eye, but Leard was unable to move even 1/100th of his movements.

be patient

All sorts of thoughts rushed through my head as I heard the sound of my heart.

¡®If I kill Lee... ...

become a murderer

How will Smille see herself? How sad will her father be? Will she be able to withstand everyone's criticism?

'Hold on! Please bear with me!'

Thousands of thoughts that shouldn't be done put the brakes on the fast-moving wooden sword.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The wooden sword came to a standstill as a strong wind blew in.

"Keugh!"

The moment Laird stiffened with the wooden sword in front of him that he did not even know he had reached.

Kurrurrurrung!

All the trees in the forest behind him were cut down and started to fall in the same direction.

"I-what is that?"

Even August didn't know.

'what?'

His senses reached the pinnacle of his body, but it was the first time he had ever experienced the phenomenon of being cut by things that had not been cut.

'Something inside of me erupted.'

law.

Lair lost his temper while thinking about a not yet clearly defined concept.

"You son of a bitch!"

The wooden sword, which had been struck with the determination to kill, twisted grotesquely in front of Ogent's face and exploded with a bang.

"brother!"

People thought that Ogent had been hit directly, and Smille jumped up with a surprised expression.

"you... ... What the hell is it?"

The bizarreness beyond human common sense was felt only by Lead, the person involved.

'Huge.'

Anger in the heart is sublimated into reason and affects the real world.

It was a divine transcendence that only a top-level giant could do.

"I will go back."

Throwing his wooden sword to the ground, Ogent bowed his head deeply to Damian and avoided the seat.

Watching his son walk away, Damian sighed.

'Am I running away again?' Even if it meant ruining her daughter's wedding, she hoped her son would vent his anger once in a while.

'Well, that's you.'

If I could run away forever like that, it was one of life to endure and live my whole life.

"I'll go to my brother."

As Smille tried to follow Ogent, Damian grabbed her daughter's wrist.

"Don't go."

"Why? He's my brother."

Damian couldn't bear to say why.

But Smille, as if she didn't like even that, stubbornly shook off her hand and turned around.

"Everyone is a coward."

It was just stuffy about what they were afraid of.

After going deep into the mountains where Smille couldn't find him, August calmed his mind through meditation.

'slow. slower.'

I didn't have the courage to look at Smille's face.

'Let's forget it.'

will be leaving tonight

As always, all you had to do was run away from the fear you couldn't bear to face.

'I see.'

The level he had reached through the confrontation with Leard rushed like a wave through enlightenment.

' iced coffee.'

As if my brain had been opened, endless thoughts rushed in without me even realizing it.

Augent's body rose on its own, and both hands went up while he was in a cross-legged position.

'I... ... It transcended the body.' It was the awakening of genius.

'Yeah, that's it.'

To him, the sword is not a means to achieve something, but a refuge to escape misfortune.

'This is it.'

The day had changed before he knew it, when he opened his eyes.

"I need to pack."

The reason why I don't have the courage to meet Smille is because I must have spent the night with Leard.

Until the wedding ceremony, it is clearly a man and a woman, but according to what I have observed so far, most of the first nights are held on the same night.

It felt like my heart was breaking, but I was trying to go down the mountain, ignoring those thoughts.

"brother." Smille was waiting in the corner of the forest.

"Smille."

It was a pathetic voice even to himself.

"How do you know?"

Smille sighed and pointed around.

According to Maha's law, all the trees in the forest were bent to the point of breaking.

"This??????

"No, that's okay."

Unlike usual, it was an angry tone.

"Tell me what happened." Will it be caught in the end?

" What?"

"You know it's not something to ask me, right? Now it's your turn to talk."

Ogent did his best to make excuses.

"sorry. I'm not feeling well today. Tell Lard I'm sorry too. And the wedding must be... ...

"Brother, don't you just marry me?"

August's face hardened.

"What, what do you mean, all of a sudden? You can't cancel a wedding that depends on the fate of the clan like this."

I was spitting out a sound that I didn't even mean, but Smille stabbed me again.

"Do you know what I did last night?" All I could think about was running away.

"Yeah, of course... ...

"Nothing happened."

Smille, who watched Ogent's eyes change, took a deep breath and said,

"You really have nothing to say to me?" She seemed to give it one last chance.

'Is there something next for me?' The conviction that there was only now to change anything stuck in my head.

'I must confess. Even swordsmanship can't protect me anymore.'

There would be no higher level than now.

"Smille."

Augent grabbed Smille's shoulders.

"Marry Leard."

Perhaps Lair had a good look at people.

'I peck.'

From the beginning, he was a nasty guy who couldn't do anything.

"Get married and live happily. That's what pleases the clan and the father. If you don't get married, everyone will be unhappy."

"What's so complicated? You can take responsibility for everything."

Augent smiled sadly.

'How can you say such nice things?'

Smille, a huge river that flows quietly but contains everything, has always been an object of admiration.

"Have a good day, Smille. My brother is... ...

Ogent's head jerked back.

"what?"

Woo woo woo woo.

As the air vibrated, clear sound waves were moving around the entire mountain.

'Vibration?'

Everyone in Purgatory knows

It was the natural vibratory sound of a living angel.





anger (2)


A huge sound receded over the mountains, and soon people's screams were heard.

"damn!"

Ogent kicked off the ground first, followed by Smille.

When they arrived, both the river clan and the mountain clan were sitting on their knees in front of the angel.

"You're here."

The angel surrounded by the 1st to 3rd Mara turned around.

He had seen an angel flying in the sky from a distance, but it was the first time he had encountered it up close.

'What's this?'

Even if all the land, sea, and air monsters that were said to be the most powerful in Purgatory were put together, they would not be able to reach the tip of an angel.

"Ogent! Run away!"

Damian, who was kneeling, shouted.

"Smille... ... ! Kuck!"

Like a machine, the one-legged Mara, with a bronze body, pressed Damian with his foot.

"Dad!"

When Smille arrived belatedly, Ogent immediately drew his sword and blocked her path.

"Stop, Smille. behind me... ...

Augent stopped talking with a surprised expression.

' Suddenly?'

Like an optical illusion, the angel's figure disappeared, and before he knew it, he was standing behind Smille and holding onto Smille's shoulder.

"Hmm, are you okay?"

Ogent was afraid.

He was not afraid of being killed by an angel, but of this world, of the rising tide of the appointed time.

'I want to run away.'

from everything.

"I am Jeongjae's angel Airope." The voice came from behind, but the angel took Smille and returned to his original position.

"I came here to find a subject for Ilhwa's drink in Purgatory."

"Anecdotal liquor?"

Through the mouths of heretics, they also knew what anecdotes were.

"So you're not going to die?"

Airope made a displeased expression.

"It is to preserve the laws of the kingdom of heaven. You also exist under the law. Join us in protecting the world by sacrificing your humble body."

The war between Heaven and Gaia is not yet over.

He developed the anecdote and weakened the Ultima system, but Ymir was the only giant who reached level 10.

'Even step 7 is difficult in this state.'

In order to stand against the Gaians, more perfect materials were needed, and what Ankera was looking for was someone with an unshakable spirit.

"But why Smille?"

"The energy of this child fascinates me. But don't worry. I'm going to take a closer look at it from now on."

As Airope's astral body expanded into Halo, her judicial halo glowed with a brilliant light.

While everyone watched in awe, only Ogent gritted his teeth at the unapproachable perfection.

"Big!"

"Hoo?"

The Maras looked back at him.

"Can you sense the halo?"

Not only did he sense it, but Irope also looked at him with a puzzled look at how he endured it.

"Hmm."

First of all, finding a target was a priority.

As the judicial halo was activated, Smille's body was surrounded by bluish aura.

As a direct descendant of Kariel, the Archangel of Birth, she was able to scan every part of a creature.

"This?"

After completing the scan, Airope was so surprised that she forgot the existence of Ogent, who sensed the halo.

'It matches the standard by 98%.'

In other words, if she entered the anecdotal liquor, there was a 48% chance that she would enter stage 10.

"There's no need to find another target."

Tens of thousands of subjects were scanned in Purgatory, but only a handful of cases exceeded 70 percent.

"We are taking this human." It was a death sentence for his family, so Damian shouted with a pale face.

"Please save me! This is a child who is about to get married soon. I'd rather go!"

"It's not something you can say you want to do with lowly things. Consider it an honor to be the subject of noble magic."

"Keugh!"

Although Purgatory is free from Anchera's control, it was undeniable that the existence of angels was God.

'Smille... ... You say you're being taken to heaven?'

Ogent just hung his head and watched the people who couldn't say anything.

Even Lread, who had promised a future with Smille, was terrified and his shoulders trembled.

"no."

Augent moved on.

"Whoever wants Smille... ...

"It is the name of God."

Having said that, Ilope nodded.

"Take care of it."

He was the one who didn't like the fact that he was a human holding out against the halo.

The 1-legged Mara Bronze Chopper changed its eight arms into capitals and charged at Ogent.

It was a momentary situation, but everyone present had their hearts pounding.

death.

In the process of killing even Bronze Dowae did not suspect, only Ogent was relaxed.

'slow. slower.'

Ogent took a step, feeling the speed of the angel falling far faster than the movement of the angel.

The body of the Bronze Cobbler was split in half, and smoke rose from the empty interior.

"Keugh!"

His body hurriedly closed, but the knees of the Bronze Swordsmith, who had already drained most of the fuel, bent.

Everyone was stunned by the unexpected situation, but what was more terrifying was that they attacked Mara.

Ai-Rope's eyes contained the intent to kill.

"Incarnation."

It was impossible to cut a bronze sword with a human-made sword unless it was divine transcendence.

"Smiele is not okay. Please forgive me."

No words could convince Airope that a human had cut down Mara.

"What an insignificant human being!"

When Airope held out her power, there was a bang and August's body was pushed all the way to the entrance of the village.

"Big!"

Ilope's face turned cold as she scratched the ground and checked the long footprints.

"Block?"

Blocked the angel's attack.

Since he was a being on a different level, whose strength could not be measured, the shock the clan received was enormous.

'Was it like that?'

The one thing Damian couldn't understand was how he could have endured with such strength.

If he made up his mind, he could turn his back on his clan and rule the world at any time.

'I've never swung a sword with that kind of heart.'

Augent was frustrated.

'If you just swing the sword without rest... ...

Maybe a happy day will come to me too.

"please."

Augent wept.

"Forgive me. Please save Smille just once. Please don't take her from her."

" brother??????

Even though she was in danger of dying, Smille looked at Augent with pity on the contrary.

'Can't win. I can't beat this.'

It was the conviction that I realized after sharing one accord with the angel.

"I'll take any punishment, so don't take Smille. Rather me... ...

"Shut up."

Airope glanced at Smille.

"What is this child doing to this extent? A good future awaits you as a human being." By the standards of angels, Augent's swordsmanship was at an advanced level among Gaians.

"Smiley... ...

When Augent's mouth opened, several people strained their eyes with a tense expression.

"This is my sister."

It is better to be sick than to hurt someone.

"yes?"

Irofe laughed as if he knew even without looking into human psychology.

"I remembered the punishment that will be given to you." Airope gave instructions to Mara, who was stationed on the left and right.

"Make it immovable."

His pride was hurt to subdue a single human, but he had no choice but to obey because it was an angel's order.

The merciless beating began with the bull-faced two-headed Mara kicking Ogent.

'Let's wait. I'll just have to put up with this.'

If he was a normal human, he would have already been crushed, but the power of divine transcendence was stronger than expected.

The more this happened, the more powerful Mara's pride became, and the sound of bones breaking inside her body was heard.

'Yes, hit it hard. Hit me more.' If he beats him up to his satisfaction, he'll release Smille if he feels relieved.

If you mess up and wriggle on the floor, even if it's pitiful, they'll give you what you want.

'I peck.'

August thought so.

"How wonderful."

When Airope gave a signal, Ogent was seized by Mara's hand and forced to stand up.

'This level of incarnation.'

In terms of technology, it is the only one in Heaven as well as in Purgatory.

"But the bowl is really small." have no convictions

Even without a scan, this tendency was only used as fertilizer for Ilhwa's alcohol.

"Smille... ... Smille... ...

The child Lope, who had been looking at Ogent with contempt, held out her hand while activating the judicial halo.

"I will thoroughly open your narrowed heart. That is my punishment for you."

"Forgive me, please... ...

When Ai-Rope activated the judicial halo, the blood on Ogent's face disappeared.

"no. That's all... ...

The moment a bluish light shone on Ogent's body, Smille approached.

"Stop it."

"Hey, do you even look down on angels?"

"If you don't quit, I will kill myself."

The judicial halo quickly returned to the celestial body.

"Hmm."

According to the information already confirmed through the scan, Smille was definitely a person who could end his own life.

"Don't touch anyone. Then I will obey your will. This is the only condition."

It was unpleasant to have a fight with a human, but the history of the archangel Kariel took precedence.

"Let's go back."

When Mara freed Ogent, he dropped to his knees and raised his head helplessly.

"Smiele, no. If you go away like that... ...

"It's okay, brother."

Smille knelt down on one knee and stroked Ogent's bruised cheek.

"I'm rather glad it happened like this."

"??????what?"

Auguste couldn't think of anything.

"Sorry. happily... ...

Before Smille's words could be finished, Ai Lope's halo spun rapidly and a pillar of light soared.

"Smille."

Ogent blankly looked up at the sky in a situation that had disappeared from his sight like a lie.

'I'd rather be fortunate?'

Could dying be a happy thing?

"ah??????

Ogent finally realized.

"Ugh, black... ...

Tears of blood were leaking from her bloodshot eyes, and it felt like everything in the world was collapsing.

'Even knowing... ... How do you know everything... ...

Smille accepts everything.

'Were you able to smile at me?'

No one has yet noticed that a tremendous rage of unknown origin was compressed in Ogent's stomach.

"I'm sorry, but it would be better to pretend there was no marriage."

At the words of the mountain clan, Damian had no choice but to shut his mouth with a sorrowful expression.

'It's a disaster. It's just like that.' If a man killed him, he would kill him; if he was attacked by a wild beast, he would have turned the mountain into a mess.

'I was called by an angel. There is nothing I can do.'

Leard's muttering could be heard among the people of the mountain clan who were trying to leave quickly.

"Sheesh, if I knew it would be like this, I'd rather..." ...

It was a sound that no one could hear, but it was louder than thunder to Ogent's ears.

"what?"

When Ogent stumbled to his feet, everyone felt sorry.

"Don't get up. You need to rest."

It was literally difficult to even walk, and Leard snorted at the sight.

"Who is this piece of trash... ... Kuk!" Without even taking a step, Ogent arrived in front of Lair and grabbed his head.

'Where did you get this power... ...

All five of his fingers were broken, but the pain was enough to crush his head.

"Aaaaaaa!"

When Lead couldn't stand it and suffered, the mountain clan took out their weapons and ran.

heard.

"Ogent! no!"

As soon as Damian finished speaking, Lead's head shattered with a thump.





anger (4)


Heaven's sixth thousand jebul.

In the Great World War where Kariel is staying, 8 subjects including Smille were locked up.

Humans selected for special criteria.

The first giant was a combination of Gaians, and there was no rejection in performing the anecdote.

This is because all of them have achieved an integrated mental system that is impossible to distinguish between individuals.

The giant born in this way is Ymir, the king of giants, who is said to be the ultimate creature.

However, as the Ultima system weakened, the success rate of Ilhwa's sake began to drop significantly.

'If there is no meaning to distinguish individuality, the strength of unity comes only from quantity.'

Conversely, it is impossible to completely dismantle the Ultima system if even one entity remains.

Currently, it was difficult to make even a Tier 6 giant, and Anke gave Kariel a special order.

Analyze the Ultima system.

In order to completely annihilate the Gaians, it was necessary to understand their mental system.

'Did I say Smille?'

Kariel looked back at the blue-haired woman trapped in the glass sphere of the Phusix Machine.

'I'm just an ordinary human.'

I couldn't find any fear in the way he accepted the reality with a calm expression.

'Neither strong in spirit, nor good durability, nor understanding fear.'

The Ultima System is not like that.

Among human beings, there are strong people who have pushed their own characteristics to the limit, but integration is impossible in that way.

'Ultimately a normal human? No, even such a definition is just a concept that interferes with the Ultima system.'

The moment you define something, integrating the whole becomes absolutely impossible.

'Yeah, this is something before justice.'

So there is no way to define smille.

'Just accepting.'

Kariel approached the glass sphere.

"Aren't you afraid?"

Acquiring the raw material through the Black Elixir would give you all the information about Smille, but the anxiety that you might not be able to find it made you ask questions.

"You must know what Ilhwa's sake is. 10 people, 100 people, 1 thousand people. Do you think I can find you in it?"

Smille's eyes shook for a moment, but she regained her peaceful energy as if she was swept away by a great river.

"It is no different from being eaten by wild beasts and being buried dead."

"... ... is it?"

No matter what you specify in this world, if you look back endlessly, everything is one.

'I think I know something.'

There is no distinction between peers.

The location where one could contemplate all things as one was probably outside the universe.

'So you're trying to leave the photon field?'

When Kariel started the Physics Machine, the black elixir liquid called the Philosopher's Stone began to fill the glass sphere.

"Kariel."

At that time, an angel flew into the Great World War.

"The intruder who is currently disturbing Heaven has crossed the Third Heaven and entered the Fourth Heaven."

"what?"

Judging from the movement of the intruders, they were coming here, destroying the barrier in a clockwise direction from the 1st millennium.

"Are you saying we haven't been able to deal with it yet?" Apparently, in the first report, I heard that it was at a level that could be blocked by the 2nd Heaven.

'No, that's it too... ... Too fast?'

The report was only received 20 minutes ago, so it should have arrived in 30 minutes in this state.

As the black liquid soaked her ankles, Smille stood up from the glass sphere to gain time.

It wasn't a struggle to live.

'brother.'

Ogent would have been the only intruder who had destroyed the walls of Heaven.

'I can't come.'

I already knew my brother's heart.

'It was very difficult.'

Augent is a timid man.

He was a person who felt that love was achieved only by keeping him next to him and biting and sucking.

'Because I have too many thoughts.'

Shouldn't we have lived our whole lives like that, knowing each other's feelings?

If you leave your body to the flow of life, what opportunity could you have shared a passionate love?

Humans cannot do that.

'Stop looking for your brother's happiness. I can't drive myself into misfortune anymore.'

agony.

It was the reason why all mankind could not unite as one.

Kariel asked.

"What happened?"

The angel hurriedly lowered his head at the reprimanding tone.

"sorry. It is my mistake."

The fact that he had made a mistake in evaluating a mere human aroused the angel's shame.

But in the end, I couldn't deny the fact, so I bit my lip and looked up.

"The intruder I reported 20 minutes ago and the intruder now are completely different people."

Kariel tilted her head.

"You mean people have changed?"

"that is??????

The angel, lost in thought for a while, finally gave up and confessed his honest feelings.

"I don't even know what it is now."

Fifth Thousand Matei.

"Weak things! Can't the strongest army of giants stop just one human!"

Under the command of the giant corps commander, hundreds of giants struck down their swords at Ogent.

thud! thud! thud!

The sight of blades falling to the ground in a row felt like the sky was collapsing from Ogent's point of view.

The moment the huge blade was about to crush Ogent, the eyes of the giant who wielded the sword widened.

"What power... ... !"

Even though it was as strong as a falling mountain, Ogent held on to the blade and held on.

"Big!"

Hot smoke shot straight through Ogent's teeth as he bit hard.

Wooddeuk. Wooddeuk.

Bones twisted and muscles twisted like a pretzel, transforming into something inhuman.

'Cut!'

As Ogent moved forward after deflecting the giant's weapon, the faces of the giants around him fell clean.

"What the hell is that?"

It's an obsession.

"Stop! I mean trample it!"

Ogent was lost in thought as he watched the scene of the giants running away, shaking the ground.

'I'm already done.'

Everything has become a mess.

'It must disappear without being happy for a moment.'

Even now, the anger was growing without knowing the end, and in the end it would swallow everything.

'It doesn't matter if I die.'

I didn't feel it was unfair. He was born as a human and lived for twenty years, and there were countless shorter lives in the world.

'But Smille.'

she won't understand

'I don't know how to live as cool as you.'

Calculate and analyze, what happens if this happens, what happens if you do that, etc.

'I don't even have the correct answer.'

A pitiful life wandering around the middle of an unknown life crying out.

'That's me.'

You say life is beautiful?

'I hope, because I'm happy.' Where should the petty heart go that no one in the world can congratulate?

"Aaaaaaa!"

His anger, like a furnace, burned his mind and even his body began to twist.

"Kwuq! Kww! Kwuk!"

He swung his sword like a lunatic while spitting out the remains of living creatures that were pushed up from within.

'I have reached!'

What I realized at the peak of my anger that I didn't even think of myself was another realm.

"Queueek! Queueek!"

save people

'Did you see? This is mankind's strongest swordsmanship!'

No giants could compete.

'Does this look beautiful? Does this look cool?'

It is the fate of life to struggle to survive like an octopus thrown into boiling water in a cauldron.

'Still, I'll try to live.'

The truth of life is that you can never go outside even though you pour out your excrement and urine.

"I'm going crazy with my anger!"

The moment Ogent's sword was swung, the barrier of the 6th Heavenly Buddha collapsed with a bang.

The angels that had been flying in from afar suddenly stopped flying and each one opened their eyes wide.

"this??????!"

Upon arriving in the angelic realm, Ogent's body had already disintegrated into a human.

"Hehe! Hehe! Hehe!"

The process of anger burning skin, twisting muscles, and melting bones was truly devastating.

' It's fine.'

His breath rose to the tip of his chin, and the remains of living creatures continued to pour out of his mouth.

'I have to swing my sword.'

Because that's the only thing I know how to do.

'Wield, swing, and swing again... ...

A good day will surely come.

"Something good will happen to a guy like me!"

Not knowing where his limbs were, Ogent swung his sword at Mara as he attacked.

The action, with only the determination to transcend form and slash, was horrifying by human standards, but... ... .

"I am not human."

In the eyes of the angels, the desperate struggle looked strangely beautiful.

"It is life itself."

Augent cried and cried.

"Give me Smille!"

"Kill him."

When the angels gave instructions, thinking that it would be dangerous at this rate, hundreds of Maras attacked.

At the same time, Ogent's body rose like a flame and severed all the surrounding Maras.

"How could that be?"

The laws of this world never endow an individual with infinite power.

"Destroy the weapon!"

The huge three-legged Mara took Ogent's sword, broke it, and threw it away.

"it's okay! no more... ...

'It's cut.'

At the same time as Mara's face was distorted, her body was split in two exactly.

Power entered the angel's eyes.

'I see.'

idea.

'It's becoming a sword.'

It was Han who hadn't stopped him just 30 minutes ago.

"It should not be allowed to reach. If it goes further, you will have to risk the very existence of heaven."

All of the angels' planets turned into Halos.

"We launch an all-out attack!"

As the judicial halo lit up the sky, the unique concept of angels focused on Ogent.

In the midst of the fire to the extent that the fire was shaken, Ogent's sword soared through the haze.

"Aaaaaaa!"

As the haze cleared, Ogent's figure was revealed, and the angels watched with fascinated expressions.

"Unbelievable... ...

"Big."

The perfectly regenerated body was similar to that of a human, but the temperament was by no means human.

The face was distorted like a demon, and the muscles of the whole body were grotesquely twisted.

"Is it indestructible?"

Destruction is impossible if it is already in the state of concept.

"No, it's just solid. As long as you have a body, you cannot reach Idea."

"Then what is that?"

"Yaksha."

It was the strongest yaksha in history.

"Smille eh eh!"

At the same time as Ogent's rant broke out, the angels blocking the front were split in half.

Aaaaaang!

As the law of Macha dwelled, a huge hole was opened in the wall of the Great World War, and Ogent came in.

"You came at last."

Kariel, who had been watching over him, greeted him with a displeased expression.

"Smille."

The moment he saw Smille submerged in the black liquid, August's muscles tightened even more.

Although he did not show his anger outwardly, the scenery shook with every step he took.

"A fool."

Even though he has become an angel, he commits suicide just to find a woman.

"I commend you for coming this far. But you never get what you want."

that's human life

"Give me Smille."

Ogent gave up being human.

"The judicial halo."

When Kariel's proprietary simularch was integrated, all electronic devices in the Great World War flickered.

'The stronger the stronger, the stronger the stronger, the infinitely stronger the material's envelope.

Pogu was born with a concept that is inaccessible to humans, and is close to the theory of a perpetual power engine.

"Enough to break you."

Probably so, but Ogent didn't care and raised his arms as if holding a sword.

"Ben."

The hardest orb shot from the cannon of matter.





apostasy (1)


At the beginning of the incident where the black sphere was approaching, Ogent was dizzy.

It was not as fast as light, but it was the limit of the law that matter with mass could produce.

It felt that way.

'It's cut.'

Time passed slowly, and afterimages of black spheres overlapped as clearly as the real thing, revealing the trajectory.

At the exact point where the mind and body met, O'Zent's two arms, holding nothing, fell down.

idea.

According to the feelings of Ogent, who reached the pinnacle of swordsmanship, this is a concept that does not exist in this world.

As the whole of the law was distorted, the landscape that stayed behind Ogent's back split left and right.

'That's it?... "

In the time lag phenomenon in which Halo rotates at high speed, Kariel saw it clearly.

As the three-dimensional landscape was compressed into two dimensions, the end of the world opened before my eyes.

As if the world he had experienced so far was just a picture drawn on a single curtain.

'The universe... ...

was open

A concept infiltrating from outer space crashed into the black sphere, carving a sword into reality.

'It's over.'

Heaven will be destroyed.

Seventh Thousand Araboth.

Ankera, a huge chunk of meat that was throbbing at the tip of the spire, opened its big eyes.

'Abortion!'

For Ankera, who dreams of this world, even a fleeting moment is just a concept that can be as long as an eternity.

In the state of innocence, he looked closely at the strongest law in the world and the point of apostasy that broke the law.

'A single creature tears the universe apart.'

If you ask how that is possible, Anke Ra has no choice but to answer.

'Isn't that a truly human doubt?' What we really need to question is not 'how is this possible', but 'what kind of world is this possible'.

'I am the whole.'

highly question

'Can there be something beyond me?'

Ankera's pupils moved quickly whenever the bends of his thoughts crossed the mountain.

Since time was almost at a standstill, the pupil's flicker was equal to the speed of light... ... .

'It's nowhere.'

Ankera, who calculated the Akashic Records a near-infinite number of times, finally came to a conclusion.

'It must be concluded that there is none.'

The conclusion he drew is not logically correct in that it is the realm of faith, not conviction.

Hence the obvious error.

However, a contradiction arises in that the Akashic Records are literally the entirety of this world and cannot go wrong.

'Apostasy is impossible.'

to make it that way.

'I opened my eyes, and everything is mine.'

By manipulating the Akashic Records, Anke Ra ends up leaving a part of the Great World War to the far reaches of the universe.

'As far as possible!'

Even in the unit of thought, which divided one second into infinity, the space that could be flown was only a sphere with a diameter of about 40 meters.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Following Ogent's scream, a vertical shockwave collided head-on with the material shell.

With a roar, all the trees in the dense forest were uprooted and blown away, turning into a wasteland.

"Haha! Haha!"

Ogent, whose arms had disappeared, bent his knees and glared forward with fearful eyes.

Kariel was sitting on the ground with her left shoulder severed.

"you... ...

Even Kariel couldn't analyze the power beyond the concept of an archangel.

"Smille."

Ogent's missing arms began to regenerate bones and muscles at a rapid pace.

'Cell regeneration? no, this is... ...

Body restoration is possible even with the power of a giant, but the phenomenon that happens to Ogent is on a different level.

'Information is being restored.'

A signal from outer space was perfectly reconstructing his information.

'To destroy that human, I have to use the same method.'

However, for the archangel who relied on the law of Anchera, abdication was never acceptable.

Kariel looked around, thinking that she should buy some time for now.

'Where am I?'

It was a place I had never been to before, and the forest stretched endlessly outside the radius that Ogent had destroyed.

"Give me Smille."

Ogent stepped towards the glass orb filled with black liquid.

As space fell, Ilhwa's drinking stopped, but it was enough time for a person to suffocate.

Kariel stood up awkwardly and blocked the way.

'I prevented Heaven from being destroyed, but if I can't stop this guy, it's the same in the end.'

Wielding an idea doesn't mean the end of the universe right away, but it wasn't theoretically impossible either.

"Are you going to stop me?"

Augent slowly raised his hand.

"Then die."

Just as another apostasy was about to be enforced, space was twisted like a whirlpool at the midpoint between Kariel and Ogent.

"what... ... ?"

Ankera sent something here again, but the space was torn before the phenomenon was over.

A large body that emitted white smoke like steam flew at Ogent.

"Kha!"

As soon as the fist exploded, Ogent's body disappeared from the spot.

bang! bang! bang! bang!

Kariel, who had been watching blankly as it flew endlessly through the forest, turned her head.

"you???????"

"Hehe, it's been a while since we had a fun fight."

Ankera, who recognizes abortion as an error, chose Ymir, the king of creatures, not an archangel.

After frowning for a moment at the shock of transcending space, he turned to Kariel.

"You got it right."

Since it was an angel who was clearly a superior being according to the law, Kariel showed a displeasure.

"Don't be arrogant. Ra sent you... ...

"Aaaaaaa!"

I thought I could hear a huge shout from afar, but before I knew it, Ogent's main

The prey struck Ymir in the face.

"Ouch!"

Ymir's eyes shook with shock, but his body did not budge from the spot.

Instead, the ground he was standing on crumbled like a cookie, and another shockwave exploded.

The glass sphere in which Smille was locked flew away, and Ogent's gaze turned to it.

"Smil... ...

"Is this all?"

Ymir's fist bent in a gale and struck Ogent again.

'It's nothing?'

Unlike Ankera's order to punish a human being at the risk of a giant's pride, it was surprisingly simple.

"Big...

But at that time, a strangeness settled in Ymir's eyes.

'Did you throw it away?'

The fist that had been pushed out as far as the creature could reach was blocked by Ogent's chin.

"Smielee!"

And Ymir saw.

A gigantic law wave flying from the far side, the end of the universe.

'ah... ...

The moment I received Ogent's second attack, all the common sense I had until now was shattered.

'This is the guy.'

Even gravity was already winning, but my mind was so confused that I didn't even know where I was flying.

'The reason I exist.'

Paradoxically, self-destruction is the dream of the apex of a creature with 10 billion Gaians united.

'This guy can break me.'

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

As soon as Ymir put his feet on the ground, the ground pushed away and two mountains were created.

Ymir has also reached the state of apostasy.

Then, Ogent flew in and struck the center of the giant sharply.

"Ha ha ha ha!"

The forest was devastated as a slugfest was held in which there was no need to distinguish between heaven and earth.

While all the animals cried out in fear, there was a bat watching the battle right in front of them.

The other bats instinctively figured out Sadal and left the cave, but the only bat was still hanging upside down on the ceiling, watching the world carefully.

Naturally, bats lacking reason did not have the ability to think.

However, just the scenery received with the eyes was enough to shake the inner side of the animal.

'What is that?'

If it's a natural disaster, I've experienced it a few times in my life.

But other than that, watching the thunderbolt that seemed to tear the world itself gave me an endless thrill.

' there is.'

can do.

Creatures recognize their limits from birth, but at this moment, the broken bat will change into something completely different.

"Move! I mean Vicky!"

Ogent, who had to find the glass ball where Smille was trapped, became more and more impatient as time passed.

'How could this be?'

The stage of idea that he attained at the end of falling to the bottom where living things could fall was of no use to the giant.

Whenever fists crossed each other, Ogent's body was broken.

However, a more serious situation than that was that even the ideas that formed him were being destroyed.

"If this is the end... ... Ymir raised the corners of her mouth and raised her fist.

'Eventually something like that.'

It was enough to destroy Ogent, destroy Heaven, and destroy the entire world.

"Smille... ...

A voice leaked from under the broken jaw.

"Smille eh eh!"

The moment Ogent struck Ymir in the face, an incomparable power was transmitted.

"Gagging!"

As the molars broke off, they fell obliquely toward the ground, and a shock wave exploded at the same time as the collision.

Aaaaaaaang!

A blow powerful enough to create a gigantic creator caused Ymir to fall.

The shock came momentarily, and it was the first time in the history of Ymir that he lost control of his body.

'It's really strange.'

It seems like the end, but it's not the end.

'What is the mind.'

It's considered insignificant because you already have it, but do you actually have the means to create something bigger than that?

Ymir fell with a thud and had to wait immobile until his body recovered.

'If I endure, I win.'

I realized something from a blow earlier, but Ogent did not come to Ymir.

"Smille! Smille!"

Kariel interrupted in front of the glass sphere.

"stop. This woman... ...

Before he could finish his words, the regime flew in and threw Kariel hundreds of meters away.

"please! please!"

The glass sphere shattered and the black liquid that melted the black elixir gushed out.

Smille was no longer alive.

Bloody tears flowed from Ogent's eyes as he checked the half-melted state.

"Aaaaaaa!"

I believed that something like a miracle would happen, but this world is just cold.

After recovering, Ymir walked with the ground shaking.

'Is that the woman?'

idea of ??a human being.

"Let's keep fighting."

There was politeness in Ymir's words, but Ogent didn't pretend to listen.

He was stunned, looking down at the ground with soulless eyes and muttering.

"Smille."

The body, hardened like a fossil of anger, was soaked in the black elixir and began to melt.

"Are you precious enough to do that?"

"Did you say you wanted to fight me?"

Ogent, whose lower body had melted, slowly turned his head.

"Protect Smille."

Knowing what was going on, Ymir asked with a sad look.

"What is your name?"

"Ogent."

As her upper body melted, black elixir flowed into Smille as if it had life.

"I disappear... ...

Augent looked up at the sky.

"My will will lead through Smille."

Tears flowed from his face, which was left with only his neck.

'I see, Smille.'

The sky I looked at at the end of my life was dazzling.

'Life is so beautiful.'

Ogent's body completely disappeared and the black liquid began to restore Smille's body.

'I am Ogent.'

Only consciousness whispered quietly.

'I didn't save the world or accomplish a great cause, I was just a prosecutor... ...

His genes have jumped through countless generations.

'It was definitely delivered.'

I finally reached a man.

'Ogent... ... Lian.'

Lian An, who had drawn <Idea> obliquely, raised his head and glared at Faust.

"Whoa."

The match would have been decided in a single blow.





apostasy (2)


'Idea.'

The realm that Augent ultimately reached.

It deserves to be called apostasy in that it wields a concept outside the world.

Rather than cutting with a sword, the concept of cutting is forcibly injected into the world.

'But it's just as dangerous.'

It's neither beautiful nor cool.

It's only great because humans did it, and as a result, Ogent ended his life as a creature.

'The body can't stand it.'

As Lian's ideas replaced August's ideas, Smille's hallucinations were no longer heard.

'Do I have that kind of will?'

A terrible obsession made Ogent immortal, but Lian only inherited his genes.

'There's no reason to live like that.'

Lian is not Ogent.

'Honestly, I don't even understand.'

The biggest reason he was able to come this far is because he resembles Smille's personality.

You didn't swing your sword to be the best?

'I will become the best prosecutor.'

If that spirit of victory is not greater than Ogent's obsession, the body will be completely annihilated with this single blow.

'I'm grateful for what you handed down... ... does it matter

"I don't stop."

For an instant, the feeling of Ogent smiling passed through Lian's mind.

Faust came.

"It is the fate of living things to want to see the end."

Even when I was just a nameless bat.

"I saw two of the strongest creatures clash. In fact, it's just a primordial feeling with no memory whatsoever."

Faust's body, emitting intense life force, began to dissolve into black smoke from beneath his feet.

"Where do we come from? What is this world we live in? There are many ways to find the only answer, but the simplest one is... ...

Huge billows of smoke billowed up like a mountain burning, and completely covered the sky with darkness.

"To become strong enough to destroy the world."

This was the reason why Ankera banned apostasy.

The smoke that filled the sky twisted sharply and began to rush towards Lian.

Just looking at the size of the half-body and half-soul, it was so powerful that it was incomparable to Lord.

"Lian!"

The moment Xenia shouted at the sight of all the darkness in the world.

'Beat it!'

Lian took a step and lowered the sword.

The speed of movement in the realm of divine transcendence and idea was enough to burn the body.

The skin burned first, and the muscles evaporated, making the skeleton red-hot.

Movements that transcend the limits of what humans can do will melt even metal.

"Yaaaaa!"

<Idea> is not destroyed.

The sound of Lian's spirits suddenly disappeared, and huge smoke parted from side to side.

"Kuaaaaa!"

When the black smoke split in two in a state of half-body and half-soul, a clear night sky opened up.

Xenia's eyes were stained with astonishment.

"This, this... ...

The sky split open and another world appeared with an eerie glow.

'Where is that place?'

However, the brilliance disappeared before he could even look back at the question, and a realistic shock hit the world.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

A shock wave that cut the world in two with a power comparable to magic was advancing endlessly.

Around the time I heard the sound of the building collapsing, Xenia knocked on the glass ball.

"Lian! Lian!"

At the same time, the great straight sword fell from Lian's hands, which were standing with only bones left.

"no!"

Because it was a sword that stood on its own even without both arms, it was as if Lian's life had fallen.

After a while, the charred skeleton was blown away by the wind and spread as ashes.

"Big!"

Faust, who had returned to his human body after being split in two, fell to the ground.

' saw.'

there was light

It was an intense light that could not confirm anything, but it definitely existed.

'It's a pity.'

He wanted to stay in the world a little longer and see the end, but now he had only a few minutes left.

"Lian! Lian!"

Hearing Xenia's cry, Faust slowly raised his head on the left side of his body.

'Did it disappear?'

If the light he saw was true, it would be impossible to exist in this world.

'When I see this happening... ... I didn't feel well.

'It's futile. Is there nothing left after all?'

I heard the sound of the wind somewhere.

'I am Lian.'

His voice resounded throughout the universe, but no one could hear it.

'Yes, I am Lian.'

This is because it has spread so perfectly that it is impossible to define a sound.

However, that feeble wave was forcing itself to do something without a break.

'Know. I'm Lian.' But what does that mean?

I was so satisfied with my current situation that I didn't want to think about anything more complicated than that.

'The best sword... ...

Even remembering these things bothered me.

'I am Lian.'

All he could do was repeat himself endlessly.

Just as Arius had used apoptosis before, Lian was just in a state of conception.

So there is no will.

It just needs to permeate and exist in this world, repeating itself forever.

'what?'

Therefore, it was miraculous that the current Lian questioned a specific subject.

'knife?'

A concept forcibly meshed with him.

'I am Lian with <idea>.' idea?

As the information began to have a personality, a memory that was bothersome came to mind.

'Yes, I fired the best sword with this.'

for what reason?

'To become the best swordsman.'

It was such a wonderful feeling that I thought, 'Should I go back now?', but it was far from reality.

It was as weak as lying in bed and thinking, 'Should I stop dying now?'

' Why?'

A question that is the most unnecessary of the 5, 5, and 5, but leaves nothing behind when it disappears.

'Why should I go back?'

Lian's concept changes direction at that point, looking at the opposite side of reality.

And he realized that a ray of light that he didn't know was coming from somewhere was connected to him.

It may be far away, but I thought that maybe it could be right in front of me.

signals coming from outside the world.

Therefore, the concept of Lian, which I am thinking of now, will be nothing more than the function of that signal.

What's out there?

Lian tried to go where the light came in, but he couldn't get the feeling of advancing.

'I am Lian. I am rian I'm Lian... ...

The more I didn't give up, the stronger the feedback got, and finally it got to the point where I couldn't think of anything else.

'Lian! Lian! Lian! Lian! Lian! Lee An!'

He was afraid that he would lose even himself, who was thinking, but he went on endlessly.

August Lian.

In the end, one concept, endlessly flickering in his thoughts, made up all of him.

As everything became clearer, his perspective turned to the other side against his will.

The shadow of a man holding a sword spread out and shimmered at the end of the dark world.

'Do I look like that?'

There is no way to confirm, but the first will to do something finally occurred.

'Yes, I am Ogent Lian.'

Shadows are not destroyed.

"It's Shirone's sword."

The world he was in turned pale as if it were about to explode when a wave of human nature, defined by sound, occurred.

"Lian... ... . If you die like this... ...

Xenia sat helplessly on the glass ball and shed tears.

Although she killed Faust, the true horse, the feelings of the hunters who lost their precious comrades were no different from her.

"Yes, Xenia."

At that time, Katein pointed forward.

The air in the place where Lian disappeared became transparent and formed the shape of a human body.

As if filling something into an empty frame, dots of colorful colors began to appear.

It was a human body.

Bones formed, nerves and muscles covered them, and finally, even the skin regenerated rapidly, revealing Lian's face.

"Uh, how?"

Rather than the thought of being happy, the shock of not being able to believe caught the minds of the hunters.

"Great!"

Lian gritted her teeth and fell to her knees as the terrible pain surged from the realm of reality.

'I really hate this feeling.'

Was this how Shirone felt when he returned from the limits of Immortal Function?

"Lian??????

Hearing Xenia's voice, Lian slowly stood up while holding on to the great straight sword.

The figure that was approaching with strides was quite confident, but the problem was that she was naked.

"Oh, no??????

The moment Xenia hurriedly turned her head, a flash of light passed in front of her eyes.

When half of the glass sphere, which had been able to withstand any impact, was cut off smoothly, she looked away again.

What caught my eye was Lian, who was already unconscious.

"Lian! Wake! Lian!"

Xenia ran and shook it, but it was impossible to even knock it down, as if it was fixed to something.

"Free us!"

Unlock the Fuzix Machine's lock.

Now, the hunters checked Lian's condition.

"Oh, how could this... ...

Even in a state of unconsciousness, the law that was invoked was a weight that could be lifted and moved by one ton.

Katein, who had barely put Lian down, checked his condition.

"What happened?"

"Fortunately, it is hidden. But my pulse is weak. It would be better to move to the hideout quickly."

"Even if we move quickly... ...

The current Hunters were the only ones who could handle Lian's weight.

"There! It's over there!"

Hundreds of security guards came running from afar.

After checking the face of the security chief Benoff, Xenia sighed and sat down.

'But this kind of power... ...

Every time I checked the landscape that Lian's sword had destroyed, I didn't think it was human.

'The world's strongest swordsman.'

I don't know what will happen in the future, but when Lian opens her eyes again, everything will be different.

Niflheim. Deep in the world of the dead, where everything is frozen, Ymir's eyelids snap open.

That alone caused the huge ice sheet to vibrate.

'Is it about time?'

Through Suoi, a symbiotic creature, he knew that Ankera had disappeared.

Still, it didn't move because there was no reason to do so.

'Ogent.'

As promised 10,000 years ago, his lineage opened the world of apostasy again.

"Lian!"

When the lips move, the suoi are solid.

moving rapidly through molecules

Cracks began to appear on the surface of the never-breaking ice sea.

"Let's decide the winner!"

After Ogent passed away, Ymir was also imprisoned here for breaking the rule of apostasy.

"I'm so terrified of what the outside world is like, that I have to protect this world!"

As Ymir clenched his fists and stood up, the ice around him evaporated into steam.

"Whatever it is, just destroy it!" As the enormous presence distorted gravity, the ice sea began to stir in a jumbled mess.

"I am the strongest!"

Otherwise, there is no reason to exist.

"I am... ...

Koo-goo-goo-goo!

Hundreds of tons of ice blocks floated into the air and shook in confusion.

"It's already done!"

As the shock wave spread and pushed the ice wall as it was in the form of energy, a roar shook the whole heaven.

Ymir, king of giants. body resurrection.





apostasy (3)


Lian had a dream.

No, perhaps the signals contained in the gene stage were revealed as images through dreams.

Ymir looked down at Smille, who had completely transformed into a human form.

"Did he really go?"

The only injury sustained from his blow was a molar tooth.

If he was the main body, he could play it anytime, but he didn't feel like doing it.

"I don't feel relieved about this."

The feeling of doing it was even more unpleasant than the futility that had destroyed so many weak people.

I wanted to fight until my whole body was smashed.

It was a fight that would make it difficult even to release all the power it had, spitting out blood and shouting evil.

If it were Ymir's nemesis, he could count a few other than Ikael's triangular Mara Ashur, but Ozent was the first one to confront him with power and force.

'This world is too light.'

Ymir stretched out his hand toward the sun and squeezed it tightly, causing the air to shake from side to side.

"It doesn't even feel real." A world made of paper that crumbles the moment you touch it before you even savor your senses.

For him, a strong enemy was the only tool that could sharpen all his senses.

"Did you kill him?"

Cariel, who had been hit by Ogent, approached with a dusty body.

As the star light shone, the injured body quickly recovered, but the expression was not good.

"No, I fell asleep."

"What does that mean?"

Ymir pointed at Smille.

"I reverse-evolved by collapsing the boundaries of living things. It went back to its original form and permeated the woman."

"It is impossible."

At the end of the cells converging through reverse evolution, there was Argones, who is called the father of living things.

"This is against the laws of Argones. No creature can become a mucus on its own."

The featureless creature itself is called a Yucus.

"It is impossible."

Ymir nodded meekly.

"But we have reached beyond the impossible. A shape is just a shadow of a specific signal. As long as the sun is up... ...

As Ymir trampled on his shadow, the ground sank with a thump.

"Shadows are indestructible."

It only transforms.

"This is the reason why I was able to reach Apostasy with a mere human body. It's not a shadow to break him... ... Ymir looked up at the sky. "You have to break the sun."

Kariel, who was lost in thought for a moment, opened her cold eyes and approached Smille.

"It's better."

Anyway, the element of apostasy disappeared by itself, and there is no more danger if you kill Smille.

"I will kill this woman."

There was no need to use angelic magic, just cut off the head.

"wait."

Ymir stopped Kariel.

"She cannot be killed." The reason he made such a promise with Ozent was to come back someday and compete for supremacy with her.

"Don't be cocky, Ymir."

Kariel's eyes lit up.

"You, too, have already violated the principle of apostasy. You will be severely punished if you stop me from doing what Anchera has instructed you to do."

"doesn't care."

The area where Augent had hit him still throbbed.

"For the time being, anything I do seems futile."

Kariel's face was distorted at the sight of lightly accepting the archangel's killing blow.

"Sheesh!"

But in the end I had no choice but to turn around.

Unlike Ogent, there was no chance of victory for a giant who reached the abolition with pure force alone.

'Right now, only Ra can stop Ymir.'

As she watched Kariel walk away, Smille opened her eyes with a small moan.

tto uh"

?? ïËthat?

After tossing and turning for a while, she opened her eyes and saw Ymir's face 3 meters high, and jumped up.

"brother!"

Ogent was nowhere to be seen.

Realizing that she was naked, she stepped back and glared at Ymir.

"Who are you?"

"The King of Giants."

Thinking that he couldn't explain the current situation, Smille finally asked.

" brother is?"

"You have already died once."

Ymir told Smille about Ogent's whereabouts while he was imprisoned.

"... ... That's how you were able to survive. Cherish the life he gave you."

"Brother... ...

Smille stroked her belly.

In a sense, this is also an anecdote, but I didn't feel scared or disliked.

'My brother is inside me.'

forever together.

"What are you going to do now? Follow me if you want to go to heaven. I will protect you until then."

Smille shook her head.

"Nope. I will stay here."

"Are you going to stay?"

It seemed that mankind existed at the time when it was seen from the sky, but it must have been a completely different society from heaven.

"Are you serious? I don't know if I'll ever be able to come back. You are leaving your family and your hometown."

"Nope. A new life begins."

Smille looked across the forest.

"My name is Smille."

After thinking for a moment, he turned to Ymir with a smile.

"This is August Smille."

Seeing the sincerity in her eyes, Ymir nodded and turned around.

"We will meet again someday." As Ymir enters the forest, a bat chases him high in the sky.

did

'It's a strange dream.'

Lian woke up from the dream and slowly opened her eyes feeling her body as heavy as a thousand pounds.

The blade was falling towards my neck.

' what!'

I reflexively raised my hand to block it, and a sharp sword came in, slashing my forearm.

"Huh!"

The muscles twisted like a whirlpool and bit the blade.

Although he escaped being amputated, the sight that came to Lian's eyes as he regained consciousness was shocking.

The Hunters were fighting against numerous soldiers, and Xenia was also facing them wielding a Dark Blade.

"Lian!"

At the same time as Xenia shouted, the Zive soldiers hurled their spears at Lian.

The moment the tips of the seven spears entered Lian's body, the middle of the spearheads swelled like a balloon and split apart.

"Uh, how... ...

Is it possible to block iron with a human body?

Lian, who was glaring at the frightened soldiers, twisted his nose and kicked out of bed.

'Where's the sword?'

<Idea> was not visible.

"Attack everyone! Kill me no matter what!"

When the captain shouted, all the soldiers who were fighting the Hunters rushed at Lian.

"huh!"

Lian snorted and punched, and the soldiers' armor caved in and broke their bones.

"Gagging!"

As the soldiers spread out in all directions, as if there was an explosion in the center, Xenia approached.

"What happened? No matter how much I screamed, he didn't wake up! You slept for three days."

"3 days?"

No matter how tough the battle was, his mental strength was not weak enough to spread throughout the three days.

'Wasn't it a dream?'

It must have been a forced cessation of consciousness.

"My sword?"

Xenia said with a sad expression.

"They stole it. You passed out and the security forces moved you here. But for some reason, a large army came in this morning and is trying to kill you."

"Great army?"

Lian's eyes narrowed as she stared at the cabin door.

I couldn't hear it, but the lifeblood stabbing in from outside the door was really strong.

When Lian opened the door and walked out slowly, 30 of Jive's guards, 'Shinjang', were lined up.

Beyond that, 1,000 soldiers completely surrounded the cabin.

"Lian??????

Marshal Venoff was holding <Idea>.

"Why are you trying to kill me?"

There is only one reason.

Because it is too strong.

"Lian, I acknowledge your credit for killing the vampire, but you did too much damage in the process."

It was just a roundabout word.

To King Mayer, vampires were powerful enough to shake the foundation of the country, and if they could be eliminated, he would have turned a blind eye to the number of victims.

However, the spectacle that Lian created during the raid on the vampire's hideout was not something humans could do. Nevertheless, the reason why it took two days was because there was an opinion to bring Lian to their country.

Benoff was one of them, but in the end Mayer made the decision to 'kill while I can.'

Although Lian fought in a half-trance state, he was unaware of their intentions.

"Please return the sword."

When Lian took a step, the 20 taller man twisted his back in the same position and gripped the handle of the sword.

'strong.'

They were literally the 1st army guards representing the kingdom, on a different level from the kidneys suffered at the Colosseum.

"Are you going to kill me?"

The energy exuded by the best swordsmen was enough to suffocate just by touching it, but Lian calmly moved on.

'Group living, did you pierce the sun?'

The eyebrows of Saleh, the commander of the 1st Army Guards, twitched.

"Is that Jive's judgment? Even though there will be a war with the demons in the future, killing me?"

"Because it is war."

Saleh said.

"The Gustav Empire absorbed and integrated the demons. The future to come is a bloody war. The balance of the world is disrupted and the existing system collapses. The great powers so far will perish, and maybe... ... A kingdom that was only a weak country could rise rapidly."

Jive was a great power, and Lian without it would be a threat to their country in some way.

"Even if the world perishes, you're saying you're going to protect only Jive?"

"That is the king. And we are soldiers following the king's orders."

As the life force called the sun became dense, the hunters in the back hesitantly retreated.

'It feels like my skin is burning.' Saleh tightened his throat and said.

"This is your last chance. Abandon Tormia and enter Jive. We promise unconventional treatment enough to break the precedent of history."

"Of course I am a citizen of Tormia. But I will not fight for Tormia."

"... ... Do you think you can get away with it that way?"

"Because it is true. I don't judge anything. My destination is only pure strength. And being able to wield it...

The air shook at Maha's law.

"Only my lord, Arian Shirone."

Go see Shirone.

"Give me your sword. It doesn't matter if you're a human or a demon. I will cut down whoever gets in my way."

Realizing that he meant it, Saleh held out his hand to Benoff and said,

"Give me the sword."

After examining the <Idea> he received from Venoff, he threw it to Lian.

"Captain! Your Highness... ...

"Be quite."

Saleh moved to Lian.

"We are desperate enough to attack a sleeping prosecutor. The king's name is absolute. He must take your neck."

It was probably impossible.

"so... ...

"no way! Captain!"

At the same time as the members shouted, Saleh took the posture of Baldo, revealing a perfect life.

'Finish it with me.'

As Jive's strongest swordsmanship unfolded, vertical flashes of light flew towards Lian.

And another light that divided the flash into two up and down was born into the world.

"Daejaaaaang!"

With one step Lian took, the ground split open with a thump, and Saleh's neck was cut cleanly.

"Whoa."

The eyes of Lian, who created another death, were just calmly shining.

'There is no hesitation. I'm just responsible for all the deaths.'

"You son of a bitch!"

Just as Xinjiang's members were about to leave, the unit commander raised his hand to stop them.

"stop! This is over!"

Even though his eyes were bloodshot, he couldn't abandon Saleh's will.

"We are going back. I'll give you half a day. Until then, if you still remain in Jive... ...

The unit commander bit his teeth and turned around.

"I will kill you even if I sell my soul."

When Xinjiang, who had collected Saleh's body, left, a thousand men rushed out.

"Lian, are you okay?"

Lian smiled and patted Xenia on the shoulder as she entered the cabin.

'Go, Shirone.'





apostasy (4)


After entering the cabin, Lian simply packed up and prepared to leave.

"What are you guys going to do?"

Now, the Jive soldiers have retreated, but after Lian leaves, even the hunters cannot guarantee their lives.

"There are no vampires anymore."

Even though not one Lord had awakened from hibernation yet, Xenia was confident that she would not be taken away.

"I will gather hunters and organize a death squad.

Will. I will not leave a single vampire in this world."

When that happened, Xenia and the Hunters would finally be able to live in this world.

"Yes, be careful."

"You are. It's not just Jive that's targeting you. Maybe we have to fight against the whole world."

Lian smiled confidently.

"doesn't care. It's something you've been waiting for."

Since he had already seen his inaction before his eyes, further words would be nagging.

"Lian??????

I was sure that each of us would go our separate ways, but we would never see each other again.

"How about going together?"

Xenia mustered up the courage to speak up.

"Come with us. The captain of Xinjiang said that there would be a big war in the future. Why don't we join forces and fight together?"

Lian shook her head.

"I have a place to go."

Xenia remembered what Lian had said the other day.

"Who do you really want to protect? You said that person is much stronger than you."

"of course. But now I can be your strength. And... ...

Lian looked back at the sunset.

"It's going to be very difficult right now."

Unlike Lian, who was able to throw everything in order to become stronger, Shirone has to protect many things.

Now was the time to share the hardships as Shirone's sword.

"The descendants of Jin Horses have disappeared, but there are still countless horses in the world."

Lian said, putting her shoulder on the shoulder.

"Let's meet on the battlefield."

At the words with many meanings, Xenia smiled and punched him in the chest.

"Don't break too much."

It is unpredictable, but Lian nodded and left the Hunters' hideout.

'I was going to go back to my hometown... ... The place where the strongest swordsman was heading was the Ivory Tower.

heaven.

After the war that resulted in the sacrifice of countless angels, the appearance of Anke was hidden.

It was Archangel Ichael who had been entrusted with full powers, but she had been silent for a very long time.

Then one day, Nane's voice reached me.

- Permit the apostasy of all beings.

Angels, maras, fairies, giants, and immortals all knew how it would affect Heaven.

And now, for the first time since the end of the war, the meeting of the archangels, the White Watch, was held.

The archangels gathered in the pure white space were Ichael and Uriel, Satiel and Rayel.

"It was cut in half exactly."

The archangels tightly shut their mouths at Uriel's words.

The concept of the eight sources that sustain this world.

But now each of them has lost his exact counterpart.

Amplification lost extinction, destruction lost birth, disintegration lost union, and light let go of gravity.

Rayel, the archangel of light, asked.

"In order for the archangel to be resurrected, Ankera's ability is absolutely necessary. But now it is not called. Why did you summon half a hundred whales?" "Ymir broke the ice barrier." At Ikael's words, the heavenly body of the angels stiffened.

"special... ... Didn't I say that the law works?"

As far as Satiel knew, Niflheim's icy sea was a world of absolute immobility where even the soul was frozen.

"It wasn't a place to confine Ymir anyway. The reason he was quiet was not because of Anchera."

said Uriel.

"Because it doesn't make any sense."

If there is no target enough to destroy itself, Ymir doesn't have to do anything either.

Rayel looked back at Uriel.

"Then, now, do you mean that you have a meaning?"

"Something is happening. Somewhere other than heaven."

Ikael was the only one who could answer, but she just kept her mouth shut.

"therefore... ...

After a while, the moment Satiel opened his mouth, the space of the white whale began to vibrate.

"what?"

The asteroids of the archangels expanded into halos, and their sharp eyes scanned the surroundings.

"You're here."

Only Ikael was calm, but her eyes were cold, unlike usual.

As the vibration intensified, two hands burst into Baek Kyung's space.

Satiel jumped up.

"Who are you!"

Baekkyung is a place that was born from the gathering of the purest minds that only archangels possess.

No impurity could break through and enter the spirit.

"Big!"

As the clumsy hands opened the space between the white mirrors, the angelic bodies of light swayed from side to side.

"Who is that?"

The voice finally came in, and at that point everyone realized.

"Me right away."

Ymir, the king of giants, pushed himself inside, tearing open the white watch.

"Huh!"

The wall healed in an instant, but the infiltration of a foreign substance called Ymir was extremely unpleasant to the angel.

"Are you crazy, Ymir?"

The reason why it can physically impact the spirit of an angel is that Ymir is a Gaian bond.

To him, power was pure energy itself beyond the brute force of living things.

"I knew you would be here."

Ignoring Uriel's provocation, Ymir turned to Ikael.

"No matter how many times I call, there is no answer." Finally, Ikael's lips opened.

"Why did you ask to see me?"

"War."

Ymir approached Ikael.

"Let me go. Can you do it?"

The man-made organization called Zion was still defending against the invasion of Heaven.

Of course, the one with the strongest defense was Adrias Miro, who guarded Miro's time and space.

"Don't be cocky, Ymir." Ymir's eyebrows twitched.

"I know what you are thinking. But it is unacceptable to start a war for your personal reasons."

"For personal reasons."

Ymir put his hand on Ikael's shoulder.

Three angels rose at the same time and tried to kill him, but Ymir's words came first.

"Isn't that the same for you?"

Satiel was the first to dispel his hostility, and the other two archangels also turned to Ikael.

"Ankera's Akashic Records passed to Nane. Then Heaven must find me as soon as possible. Still, you can't decide."

Ikael couldn't resist.

'Shirone.'

A child with the will of a Guffin.

"I know roughly through Suoi. Ikael, you... ... Did you get your memory back?"

Anke Ra erased Ichael's sins, but restored all his memories with great amplification.

"That's why I can't go. well, that's good But there is one thing I want to hear. Why did you give birth to a human child?"

With the three archangels taking their seats again, Ikael was obliged to answer.

Satiel glared at Ikael with hostility.

'I also loved Guffin.'

I didn't know who Guffin was anymore, but the longing for him was still in my mind.

'But even so, having a child is unimaginable.' Angel concept.

As ideas themselves, there was no reason for them to have human children who were only shadows.

"First of all, Shirone is not my child."

Ikael said as if proclaiming.

"The child is already dead. at birth. She was not even given a name."

"But it wouldn't be unrelated, would it?"

Ikael didn't say anything about it.

"The reason why Ankera banned apostasy... ... Because no one should know the secrets of this world."

"Are there any secrets we don't know about?"

"So it's a secret. Even Ankera. It's something you shouldn't even approach."

Ikael raised his index finger.

"We are concepts, and therefore we exist forever. On the other hand, humans are material and mortal. Accordingly, they are subject to us, and are subject for eternal life."

It was the law of heaven.

"But what if the other way around?"

"the opposite?"

"In fact, we were created by humans, and what if humans are the ones who have realized the secret of eternal life?"

The celestial body of the archangels shook.

"Maybe we just exist by human convenience. They are nothing more than accessories that support this world. If so, what happens?"

Baek Kyung's atmosphere became tense as if it would explode.

"We become mortal. When this world closes, it becomes nothing. Conversely... ...

Ikael looked back at everyone and said.

"Humans are gods."

Satiel jumped to her feet.

"What nonsense is that! Are those weak humans gods? It's human beings who struggle because they hate this world!"

"That's why it can be broken."

"ah??????

Satiel backed away.

"Apostasy is an exception to the rule. Some humans disregard certain rules of this world. And that would not be possible without the world outside."

Ekael's face was filled with longing.

"This is the Guffin hypothesis."

Satiel bit her lip.

"Guffin."

"I don't know. As the archangel, I fought fiercely against the Guffin. But he listened to him and thought about it. If it's just a piece of information, why do we even exist?"

"So the child?"

"only... ... I just wanted to continue."

Like the Gaians who broke away from the photon world.

"But I couldn't."

The child died, and Ikael, who had committed the high treason of Anke, recovered all his powers.

Ikael, who had escaped from the flashback, informed everyone again with a solemn face.

"Ankera never allowed an apostasy. Even right before Heaven is destroyed."

But now things have changed.

"Anke Ra asked Hexa. How can I not be a god? But Hexa's answer was different from what I expected. Even though he came from outside, he wants to protect this world."

Maybe it's because it's from outside.

said Leil.

"That's why Ra chose me."

Nane is an existence trying to get out from the inside.

"At first I waited. Because we believed he would lead us out. But it was blocked by Hexa's barrier."

"There's a lot of talk about what it is and what it is."

Ymir said curtly.

"In the end, you have to go. Either destroy all humans or follow me outside."

"There is Satan there."

existence outside the law.

Satan, who was born from the flow of all human chaos, was the worst enemy of angels.

"But you allowed me to abort." said Uriel.

"I'm not being taken care of like I used to be."

Ray El, who had been listening to the story until now, turned to Ikael and said.

"Now is the time to make a decision. If anyone except Nane succeeds in this world, there is no future for Heaven."

Ikael knows that she has to go eventually, but the reason she is still conflicted is... ... .

'Shirone.'

When he went to the office, he inevitably had to collide with Hexa.

While everyone was waiting for Ikael's judgment, she closed her eyes and was lost in thought.

"Form an army." Heaven began to move.

Great convocation of the ivory tower (1)

Ivory Tower 400 floors.

The natural scenery on the 400th floor was quiet even now, when the war with the demons was in full swing.

In the artificially realized natural landscape, people planted seeds and prepared for a hopeful tomorrow.

'I was defeated.'

In the red-roofed house on the outskirts of the village, Shirone was lost in meditation.

'I lost.'

As the plan to assassinate Havitz through <Law Kill> failed, the world headed for catastrophe.

The death toll from the demons was already running towards 1 million, and Shirone felt responsible for that.

'Why did I lose?'

The point where the thoughts reached the tail after tail was, after all, because of one's own weakness.

The holy light of Yahweh covers her face, but it is not in the shape of a beautiful sphere.

'I have to endure.'

The spirit of fraternity that loves all things equally.

'I have to accept everything.'

I realized it with my head, but it was not a human domain to calm the anger inside.

When the mind is inclined to one side or the other, the spirit is twisted and the realm is broken.

'The mind must move.'

If it went beyond calculation and became fraternity itself, Shirone would finally gain complete freedom.

"Huh!"

It doesn't seem possible.

'You must forgive. I have to hug you.'

Like Shirone's flowing tears, the drops of Yahweh's light drip down as if burning.

was dripping down

"Exterminate humans!"

With Habitz absorbing the army of Hell, the Gustav Empire became the world's most powerful military power both in name and reality.

According to the characteristics of the demons, King Sumodo reorganized an army worth 1 billion.

And now, under the Balkan plan, 50 million troops were on their way to Kashan's imperial castle.

"Isn't this too easy? It's no fun."

It was at the level of a whole nation moving, and no human army could stop them.

In a huge car pulled by Maranka, the monster of the underworld, all the four skills of Havitz and Gustaf were gathered.

"Uorin."

The Emperor of the Empire does not have to be on the battlefield, but if the occupying power is Kashan, that's a different story.

"I can't wait to see what kind of expression he will make when he captures the imperial castle."

From the chariot open on all sides, Havitz looked at the armies of hell that filled the sky and the earth.

It was a procession that was possible because they were not human.

"It is Satan!"

A demon with a red tail and wings approached the flying unit with a trident in front.

He was a messenger who had learned human language.

"We have occupied Benaford, a commercial city in Kashan."

Benaford was a wealthy town 40 kilometers from here.

Vulcan gave instructions on behalf of Havitz.

"I will stay there tonight. You guys don't stop and keep moving forward."

As the messenger immediately followed the order and left, Vulcan turned to Havitz and said.

"With this, you have eaten a third of Kashan's territory. It's time to make a quick decision."

Occupying half of Kashan's territory opens the way to invade the Central Continent.

Sumodo said.

"Jive, Molton, and Borna facing the border with Kashan.] These three countries will become the gateway. If you penetrate here, you can eat the Central 21 Kingdoms as well as the Southern Continent without any roughness."

"I'm going to Uorin."

Vulcan sighed at Havitz's instructions, who had no interest in strategy, tactics, or even war.

"Then split the troops. An army of 10 million from Benaford will attack Kashan, and the rest of the army will move south."

Natya looked back curiously.

"40 million in the Central Continent?"

"There is no movement of the temple yet. Perhaps he was planning a final stand on the borders of the Central Continent. Even 10 million troops can eat enough Kashan."

If that was what the Balkans were saying, there was no one to dispute, and Havitz's troops arrived at Benaford that night.

Once one of the three most prosperous cities in Kashan was devastatingly destroyed.

Havitz, who had set up a barracks in the area where the building collapsed, called the rulers of the city.

Twenty high-ranking nobles, including the mayor, were dragged out one after another while being tied to ropes.

Already aware of Havitz's tendencies, their faces were pale and their eyes were full of fear.

'I'm going to die anyway. That's not scary.'

They couldn't even imagine how this madman would torment them.

"I'll spare half of you."

When Havitz spoke nonchalantly, everyone raised their heads in disbelief.

'half? half?'

1 out of 2 people.

It was a probability that he could expect to die, but there was no way he would get caught.

"I will torture the other half instead." The nobles' shoulders trembled because it wouldn't be torture to find out something.

"Raise your hand if you want to live." At first, no one raised a hand.

Shame on begging for your life, buying time to analyze the situation.

'I'm going to die anyway. It's right to gamble.'

When the three quick-witted people raised their hands at the same time, the rest looked back as if their heads would break.

Their eyes were mixed with bewilderment, anger, and perhaps a vague expectation that they would die.

"Free me."

At Havitz's instruction, a soldier untied the ropes of the three men and lifted them up.

"Leave. You are free."

The faces of the remaining 17 people turned gray.

"He said he would spare half of them."

There are 7 people who can live now, and all of them who saw hope raised their hands.

"Please save me! I have children!"

"I must live! I will do anything for Habitz-sama!"

Habitz, who had been listening to their clamor for a while, reached out his hand to Zetaro.

Then, he took over two dice and threw them to the person sitting on the far left.

"From now on, we throw dice in pairs. The person with the higher number is free."

"uh... ...

The nobleman, who was looking down at the dice that fell in front of his lap, raised his head with a dazed expression.

"Roll it."

Stunned by Havitz's short words, he rolled the dice with trembling hands.

"Huhhhh!"

The number made by two six-sided dice is 7 by adding 3 and 4.

"next. the person next to you."

The person who knelt beside him, unable to even meet his eyes, grabbed the dice.

The time it took for the dice thrown by my trembling hands to roll on the floor felt like an eternity.

"Ahhh... ...

The number on the dice is 6 plus 2 to get 8. "Aaaaaaaa!"

The man with the 8 screamed, and the man with the 7 fell unconscious.

"This is nonsense."

A game of nothing but dice, and even that, one's fate cannot be determined by a mere one difference.

"Just give me one more chance!"

"Take it. Torture until you die." He couldn't accept his life until he was captured by his soldiers and released from the barracks.

"please! Please give me one more chance!" Vulcan smiled bitterly.

'This is the truth of the world. There's nothing I can do except roll the dice.'

Human free will is at best that much.

'But some people get out of the yoke of the law and carry out their own will.'

At least they weren't here.

"next. roll it."

The dice continued to pass to the person next to them, and shouts of cheer and screams of despair erupted over and over again.

"There is one person left?"

Because three people raised their hands and went out, the remaining one had no opponent to engage in a dice showdown.

"Oh, please... ... have mercy... ...

Havitz, who was watching the noble who feared he would not get even a half chance, rose from his seat.

"You can do it with me."

"Yes? My, how could I come to His Majesty the Emperor... ...

Harvits, who sat down in front of the nobleman, handed over the dice and said,

"What does that matter? I really wanted to try it. If you defeat me, you will become emperor. And I... ... Hmmm."

Havitz, who was looking around, said to his tarot.

"yes. Jetaro, you kill me." Balkan said.

"Your Majesty, such a proposal... ...

Before he could finish his words, Zetaro held his belly button and laughed.

"Puhahaha! All right! It's a completely thrilling match. Then let me referee."

As Zetaro approached Havits and raised his sword as if to cut his throat, the terrified nobleman's pupils rolled upward.

'Crazy guys. It's not normal.'

"Roll it. It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity."

The atmosphere in the barracks became tense as if it was about to explode, and that's why it was the most fun game ever.

"please. please just once... ...

The aristocrat with convulsions all over threw two dice while closing his eyes.

The air froze for an instant, and the nobleman who quietly opened his eyes opened his mouth in disbelief.

"iced coffee! Ahhh!"

The number on the die is 6 plus 6 to get 12.

'It's a miracle! Oh God! thank you!'

While the Havitz executives were making serious faces, Zetaro burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! What are you going to do now? Surely you won't reverse what the emperor said?"

Like any other emperor, he would slit Zetaro's throat, but Habitz smiled instead.

'As expected, you are the best.'

the most fun

"Now it is my turn."

It was Havitz who truly risked his life, but there was no hesitation in the action of throwing the dice.

"Eight."

Everyone's eyes followed the dice.

When the number 12 was obtained by adding 6 to 6, saliva dripped from the stunned nobleman's mouth.

"It's a tie. Once more."

"Huh."

The aristocrat, who was crying like a child, grabbed the dice while shedding tears.

The crying didn't stop.

"Aww. Aaaaaa."

Two dice flowed down the palm of my hand as my nerves, which had been shocked, jumped freely.

The result is 12 by adding 6 to 6 again. Aaaaaa! Aaaaaa!" The half-mad nobleman screamed in succession with tears running down his nose.

Balkan's eyes finally became bitter.

'There is no manipulation on the dice. But 12 came up three times in a row. It's an independent case, but this... ...

Harvits snatched the dice.

"It's quite. Then what about this time?" Two dice fly through the air without hesitation

oh it fell

"Wow!"

The soldiers who were nervous enough to suffocate glared at the dice and shouted.

"Twelve! It's 12 again!"

Nothing is impossible in probability, but it was never a situation that could be encountered often in life.

"please... ... Please save me."

Nobility begged, but Havitz was adamant.

"Roll it."

His body was already in a state of exhaustion, but he threw the dice in hopes of a final miracle.

Add 1 and 2 to get 3.

"Then is it my turn this time?" As Harvits swept his dice, the noble shuddered and opened his mouth wide.

"Kwaeeee!"

A gourd of blood gushed out of his eyes and he fell forward.

Zetaro confirmed the condition.

"I am out of breath."

"Sorry. I was trying to save you." Returning to his seat, Havitz patted his leg with a disgusted look on his face.

"Bored. Anything interesting?"

By the next morning, 20,000 of Benaford's surviving citizens had been horribly murdered.

'Forgive me. love you.'

Tears of blood flowed from Shirone's eyes as he had been immersed in meditation for 30 hours.

I couldn't contain my anger any longer.

'no. I can't be shaken.' The battle between philanthropy and anger was a tightrope that could destroy her spirit even for a moment.

"Huh"

Blood dripped from her closed eyes, nose, and lips, making her clothes damp.

'Be patient. I'll even swallow my anger.' The light of Yahweh began to drip like candle wax.

Great convocation of the ivory tower (2)

The Habits army left Benaford and continued to advance toward the capital of Western Jin and Kashan.

It was a smooth procession, but the expression of the Balkan sitting in the military seat was meaningful.

The two dice kept spinning in his hand, and his eyes were indifferent to external stimuli.

"What are you thinking?" Natasha asked, but there was no answer.

'12 came out four times in a row.' Vulcan opened his mouth.

"Do you think Harvits received preferential treatment?"

Sumodo and Zetaro expressed interest in whether there was something to understand from his words.

"You mean the dice game last night?"

"yes. It's not magic or trickery. Havitz almost died yesterday with a high probability."

Sumodo said.

"Maybe the world still wants to keep him alive."

"No, rather the opposite."

Balkan thought differently.

"The world doesn't particularly care about anyone. It's a foolish way of thinking if you were chosen because the same number came out several times on the dice. There are even lower odds than that. The odds of a single sperm fertilizing an egg are one in billions. But that doesn't mean we're chosen."

Zetaro grasped the point.

"I feel like I was chosen because the result came out like that."

"If you think about it, Harvits has always been like that. So let's reverse the thinking. Harvits is not lucky, but because he is still alive, Harvits is justice.

It will work."

Sumodo said.

"It's not like a miracle." Vulcan nodded.

"Havitz could have died yesterday. And if he's dead, we're not even thinking about it now. Just like that, the history of Harvits would end. But he lived, and he created a story that would later become part of a legend."

Sumodo, who was lost in thought, asked.

"Time is... ... What is it?"

"The law that advances this world. Therefore, those who are bound by the law can never turn back. Of course, I've heard that the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower destroy time."

Vulcan followed the explanation.

"I don't know if it has already been decided. In the end, the question we need to think about is whether Havitz still exists at the end of time."

Natasha asked.

"How do you know?"

"Nobody can tell. It may be the result of passing a few dramatic hurdles and dying in vain... ...

Havitz became Satan.

"Perfect chaos. Beings outside the law cannot be killed by using any phenomenon in this world. It's a miracle, but it's not like a shield or something suddenly appears. We have already reached that result."

"Are you saying that stopping <Slaughter> and yesterday's dice game were nothing more than advancing the events that were set in the first place?"

"yes. It can be said to be a kind of apostasy in that it is outside the law. He has an army of hell under his command, but there are many strong people even among humans. Especially crowded in the ivory tower. But we know the future of Havitz."

never die

"No matter what happens, no matter what stupid and heinous gambles he takes, Harvits will not die. What Havitz has is not brute force, but the unchanging future itself. We should make full use of this. And if my hypothesis is true... ...

Vulcan looked over the horizon.

"We will win this war."

Twelve Mini, a 2-star resident of the Ivory Tower, found the 400th floor where Shirone is resting.

Normally, he maintains a small body shape that can fit in the palm of his hand, but today he maintained a normal proportion.

With glossy black hair and a neat suit, her expression was different from usual.

"The ivory tower muster. I am first." The biggest meeting where all the major figures of the Ivory Tower gather under the direction of Taeseong.

As far as Mini knows, the last great meeting was right after the 20 judges had gone into the dimensional wall of Miro.

said a woman with curly blonde hair tied back, walking beside Minnie.

It was Minnie's satellite Ariana.

"I have heard from Mr. Araka. I heard that the power struggle was fierce in the five departments at the time."

It wasn't that fierce, but the ivory tower almost collapsed.

"It is quite predictable. Those who received the title of star are all single-minded. In the case of Borbor, strictly speaking, he is a single-minded person who is not a single-minded person."

Ariana propped her head with both hands.

"That's why it's annoying. A gathering of all the stars. Even to the satellite. He said it wouldn't be strange if the ivory tower were turned upside down. What is Taeseong thinking?"

"That's not to say the situation isn't good. Anyway, we also have to assist Mr. Shirone so that other departments do not overwhelm him." Ariana snorted her snort.

"Hey, you said you were twenty-two? I honestly don't understand. How do you become the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower as soon as you graduate from magic school? If it's Mr. Mahagaruta, my predecessor, I'll admit it, but... ...

Minnie paid attention.

"Ariana, this is the honor of the United Space Management Department. And Maha is as great as Mr. Ruta. He said he was the one who single-handedly stopped Nane."

"I know that you are one of the four superhumans of the law. But Fraternity, do you think that is what the world needs right now?"

"There must be a problem we can't deal with. For example, operating at the limit of the law... ...

Ariana was impatient.

"Oh, I don't know. I'm here because I like playing 'fair' with you. If it's no big deal, I'll blow it up with a drop kick. Then tag you and hit the ground with a double black backdrop, hee hee hee."

She was a good enough woman.

"Besides, this makes me feel bad. The other departments are busy with the call-up orders, and you even have to pick them up, don't they? You just received the title of a star, aren't you being too arrogant?"

Mini was also suspicious about that.

"I'm not that kind of person, what's going on?"

I arrived at Shirone's house, but I didn't even feel the usual presence at the door.

"Isn't it? I told you to go here." When she knocked and got no response, Minnie opened the door and entered, exchanging glances with Ariana.

"Excuse me... ...

The moment she saw the sight in front of her eyes, her face turned pale.

"Oh Dae-sung!"

Tears of blood flowed endlessly from the eyes of Shirone standing in the middle of the floor.

While the floor was covered with blood, Minnie hurriedly moved on.

"Shirone! How did this happen?"

Shirone didn't answer.

He was just clenching his fists and staring terribly forward with red eyes.

"Shirone-san... ... !"

The time when he was about to touch Shirone. said Ariana.

"stop. Leave it alone."

"But if you leave it like this, it will bleed... ...

"calm down. Come over here and take a closer look."

At Ariana's words, Minnie slowly backed away.

Holy radiance dripped down like water droplets from Shirone's body.

"It's purifying."

"Purification? what?"

"anger. I'm trying to get rid of even the smallest bit of anger that resides deep inside me."

Minnie shook her head.

"He is a cool enough person. Now that you have reached the level of philanthropy, what is there to be angry about?"

"That's why you go through this miserable process."

Ariana looked down at the pool of blood on the floor.

"Even if you are a superhuman, you are still human. There are people I love, and there are things I want to do. Sacrificing for the world? It is the most distant feeling from humans."

"... ... How long have you been like this?"

It was a week ago that the order for a large convocation was issued, so at least it had to be seen that he was possessed by anguish longer than that.

"I guess you can't hear anything."

"I lost my temper in anger. I am purifying it to the realm of Yahweh, but if I fail, I will die."

"Then you have to live!"

"But if I could come back, I would enter a completely different realm from the current Yahweh."

Minnie shut her mouth.

"I heard that the <Slaughter> project failed. Might be responsible for that. Or, it could be the horror of those who couldn't protect their loved ones in a world facing catastrophe."

"I heard you have a lover."

"The reason I was able to accept the idea of ??fraternity was because of the hope that I could win. But when hope disappears, I have doubts about why only I have to suffer like this. They are consumed by the wrath of cowardice and destroy themselves."

"In other words, there is no hope."

There is no way to overcome the atrocities.

It was said that the upper layers of the ivory tower also guessed the concept of the fixed and unchanging future that Balkan had talked about.

"It must be in line with this great convocation. I'm still trying to fight. To become stronger."

"What purifies anger?"

"When you realize with your head and act, human beings

is undefined. But the heart is different. I'm going to go beyond the realm and really become Yahweh. And at that point, Ariana got to the point.

"It can be said that it is the Five Stars we respect."

Mini looked at Shirone with a pitiful expression.

' please.'

The blood, the pain, and the flowing brilliance were the tears flowing from Shirone's heart.

how much time has passed

The spheres of light that flowed down from Shirone's head began to unravel.

"what?"

And finally, it poured down all over his body, covering his body with a bright glow.

'Ah, that's right.'

The color of the blood flowing from his eyes gradually became transparent and changed to tears.

'This world is not beautiful.'

Anyone who says it's beautiful is just throwing the dice well and getting a high number.

But even that was nothing more than an occasional stroke of luck on a ruthless gambling table.

'Now I know, it's me.'

I am defeated by Gaold.

The reason why he allowed all beings to abdicate until he let go of Buddha.

'You don't live because you're beautiful. To make it beautiful.'

if that's really possible.

It meant that if you believe that you can realize your ideals in this hellish world, you should break the rules and go to the end.

'That's why we fight.'

Accept Nane's enlightenment and go to a higher level.

Everyone is suffering anyway, so even separating you and me is meaningless.

'All things are integrated.'

just one universe.

As if burning the body, a light filled with love and mercy rose from Shirone's entire body.

"Oh, Daesung Oh... ...

Minnie and Ariana took a step back.

As the rage of cowardice dissipated in an instant, Shirone's eyes flashed open.

Beyond belief in love, as an existence that permeates love.

"I can fight now."

It was only a small change, but the size of the heart that Shirone had to move would approach the universe.

Ariana raised an eyebrow.

"It exceeded."

There was no agony to be found in Shirone's appearance, where Yahweh's light rose like a haze.

"Whoa."

After finally finishing the long meditation, Shirone took a deep breath and looked around calmly.

"what?"

Two women dressed neatly in black suits were looking at them.

'Who is it?'

The blonde is new to him, but the dark-haired woman is familiar.

"mini? What are you doing here?"

A cute little girl who likes to wrestle and makes sexual jokes without hesitation.

'The atmosphere is completely different.'

But for today, she had a normal proportion and even wore a suit.

'Something happened.'

said Minnie.

"I didn't hear either. There is a big gathering. Oh, and this is my satellite. Say hello."

Nervous about being rude, Ariana politely bowed her head.

"It is an honor to meet you. My name is Ariana, the satellite of the 2-star Mini."

Minnie let out a sigh of relief.

Great convocation of the ivory tower (3)

"By the way, a large gathering?"

Shirone asked, leading Mini and Ariana into the living room.

"Yes. This is an order given directly by Taeseong. All villagers who have received the title of a star will gather with the satellite."

"Yes... ...

Shirone's face as she poured tea was calm.

"Did you know?"

I didn't even know how much time had passed since I was immersed in meditation, so I never received a message.

"no. But I can guess." Currently, Havitz is atrocious, but I already intuitively felt it the moment the <Law Killing> project failed.

'I can't kill him.'

The fact that you cannot get the desired result no matter what situation you put into it is because it is outside the law.

It was a reasonable decision for Tae-seong to summon all the members now that the army of hell is staining the world.

"You've been through a lot."

Seeing Shirone's face more haggard than she had seen before, Mini said worriedly.

"No department in the Ivory Tower fights like Mr. Shirone. I need a break."

Among the five departments of the Ivory Tower, the Unified Space Management Department had the widest range of missions.

"The best break is to solve the problem at hand. I don't want to run away."

Ariana's eyes widened.

'As I've heard, he's a single-minded person.'

In the first place, the realm of Yahweh itself is not a stress that humans can bear.

Even Maze, the strongest seeker of mankind, the radius of the law could not escape the border of the line.

'How is that possible?'

Thinking about that, she looked away, but Shirone looked at her and smiled.

"It's really fine."

A smile bloomed on Ariana's face.

'cute.'

I wanted to lay it down on the ground and put a lot of pressure on it.

'What I like is... ...

Like a fantasy pair, Mini, who even has the same taste in men, activated her scale magic.

Her body became so huge that it almost touched the ceiling, as if the object had been magnified.

"I guess I can't. I have no choice but to take special measures to recover from the fatigue of Oh Dae-seong."

Shirone blankly raised his head and asked.

"A special measure?"

She untied the front of her suit coat and spoke to Shirone, exposing her breastbone.

"Come on in. If you are buried in a woman's breast, you won't think about anything."

It certainly looked good enough for Shirone to enter.

"No, I... ...

I know he has a penchant for dirty talk, but this was the first time he'd been so reckless.

"It certainly makes sense."

Ariana, who got up from her seat, approached, untangling her apron just like Mini.

"Trust us. Is this scientific? If you bury yourself in a woman's breast, all your afflictions will disappear."

Thinking that it wasn't a joke, Shirone got scared.

"Why are you all like this?"

"Mini, grab it."

A huge hand approached, completely blocking my view.

"for a moment! wait for a sec!"

Instinctively, I stepped on the table and jumped up, but the other hand flew in and grabbed Shirone.

Ariana shouted.

"Caught. Put! Put!"

"That, stop!"

Just as Mini was dragging Shirone to the front, the door opened and a mongin louver entered.

"Oh Dae-sung."

Mini and Ariana stopped moving, and Shirone blushed like someone who had been caught doing something embarrassing.

"Ah, Mr. Louver... ...

After looking around the situation in the house for a while, Lou Ver smiled.

"Did I interrupt a good time?"

"Oh no! help me!"

Mini, who put Shirone on the floor, dispelled the scale magic and said.

"Hmmmm, so this... ...

Louver turned his head to Mini.

His smile remained the same, but the emotion in his eyes turned thick and dark like a poisonous snake.

"I must have told Oh Dae-seong to be polite?"

The posture of the two women was closely disciplined.

"sorry! You seem to have been worrying too much lately, so... ... Heart uh..."

"Hmm."

The life-threatening that had bound the two of them was gone.

"It is true."

Louver approached Shirone and continued.

"But Oh Dae-seong's agony is not at that level, so you guys made a mistake this time."

Minnie shook her head sullenly.

"sorry."

Unlike usual, being strong in discipline meant that Louver also knew the weight of a large convocation.

'Hmm.'

In fact, Louver was in a very tense state.

'If it's a 2 star, it's worth knowing. I'm kidding.'

He was the only one in the Unified Space Management Department who had experienced a large and small house, so he did not like the frivolous atmosphere.

'What happened?'

Louver, who looked at Shirone for a while, blinked and then turned his head and said.

"Mong-ah, come out."

From behind Louver, a boy with an egg-white face and wide eyes popped out.

He was about the height of a five-year-old child, and the eyes that took up half of his face were terrifying at first glance.

"hello. I am Mong-ah, the designer of dreams."

Louver introduced him to Shirone.

"This is my satellite Mong. Just like me, I am a dreamer. I am in charge of various chores under me."

Minnie's eyes widened.

'Mr. Louver's satellite?'

Despite working together in the Unified Space Administration, I hadn't heard of Louver's satellite.

'Even in the ivory tower, there is a lack of information about Mongols. Even so, participating is still... ...

Ariana felt it too.

'This meeting is no joke.'

Those who have received the title of stars, especially Oh Dae-seong, never back down.

The actions that can be done to fulfill one's convictions are close to infinite, so the more allies, the better.

"A dream designer?"

When Shirone looked down at Mong-a with interest, a playful smile appeared on the boy's face.

The moment I raised my pupils all the way up and met Shirone's eyes, the scenery began to distort.

'what?'

As time passed slowly, Mong-aman opened his mouth wide and let out a scream.

"Kuaaaaa!"

For a moment, the child's face melted into black liquid and attacked Shirone.

' Avoid... ...

As if in a dream, the moment I thought about it, my movements slowed down and a black liquid covered the Shirone.

'It's simple, the Five Great Saints.'

Only dreamers can directly penetrate the REM area, the boundary between consciousness and unconsciousness.

Also, unlike other spirit-type wizards, it has the terrifying strength of never being able to evade.

'In my dream, I'm on top.'

nightmare, devil.

One of the dreamer's abilities, it absorbs the dreamer's uneasy feelings and grows in size.

Krrrr.

The beast inside opened its eyes, and all the resentment Shirone had been harboring began to burn.

'What is this?'

growing without end.

In an instant, even the dreamer lost control due to a huge rage that no human dream had encountered.

'Yahweh? What philanthropy is this?' Tears were on the verge of flowing in front of a resentment that could not be relieved even if the entire universe was destroyed.

'It's dangerous. This is how this person dies.'

Louver told me not to look after the situation.

'Oh, I don't know!'

When the nightmare filter was removed, Shirone's suppressed emotions expanded at the speed of light.

"Ahhh... ...

Mong-ah was terrified when she realized how much she had grown.

Even though there is no limit to dreams, the distance from the end to the end of achieving oneself could not be measured.

'Am I living with something like this?' I suddenly had a question.

'How can I hold on?'

Under normal circumstances, Shirone would have already died and the world of dreams would have to be closed.

'Where are you?'

It is trapped in Mong-a's arms, but it is so large that it is impossible to even locate it.

After concentrating for a long time, Mong-ah finally felt the figure of Shirone buried in darkness.

Despite having a terrible nightmare, Shirone just calmly closed her eyes.

'Is this the spirit of Yahweh?' It's not that there is no anger.

'I'm just handling it.'

Mong-a designed countless nightmares, but it was the first time that something as eerie and frightening as this one.

Shirone's eyes slowly opened.

"love."

In a moment that could not be called time, a thin flash pierced the darkness of the devil.

Even then, Mong-a did not feel it.

'what?'

A stimulus that comes from far away.

"uh? uh huh?"

The moment the dreamer realizes, the size of the flash expands at the speed of light and burns the entire world as well as the devil.

"Aaaaaaa!"

After the momentary dream ended, Mong-a screamed and flew as if in shock, crashing into the wall.

"Aww! Aww!"

While Minnie and Ariana looked puzzled, Louver's expression was serious.

'The dreamer who designs nightmares is terrified.'

What was it that scared you so much?

The correct answer seemed to be told by the two pupils of Shirone, who were calmly looking straight ahead.

"sorry. I won't do that again." Seeing Mong-a's attitude of not being able to meet Shirone's eyes, Louver nodded his head.

'I think I know.'

Mongah had seen in Shirone's heart that he should never appear in this world.

'A dangerous double-edged sword.'

In the end, the moment the fraternity was broken for any reason, this world would come to an end.

"You have earned the wrath of Yahweh, Mong."

Mong-ah pouted her lips as if she was sad at Louver's attitude of talking like it was someone else's business.

Feeling a sense of responsibility, Louver frankly confided in Shirone.

"sorry. Ahead of the grand convocation, I felt very old."

"It is a terrible nightmare."

Contrary to the words, the eyes were calm.

'At this level, this great convocation is worth trying.'

It was also this year that Minnie and Ariana, who arrived here first, relaxed a bit.

"Let me explain. This is the second ivory tower convocation since the birth of mankind. Perhaps we will discuss the current situation, but with that... ...

Louver sighed and said.

"The atmosphere of the meeting is likely to flow in a way to punish Shirone-sama."

Minnie asked.

"A punishment? Who will punish the Five Stars'?"

"Of course, it's not Taeseong. However, it is a place where all the five great stars of the five departments gather. The situation has worsened due to the failure of <Slaughter>, so there will be questions about it."

"I am determined."

Louver nodded at Shirone's words.

"If you are the present Odaeseongnim, you will be able to prepare for their attack. And take this." Louver took out the <Law Kill>.

"This item has been registered by Shirone-sama. Please take it because it is a position that should not be prepared for in vain."

It was also good to make contact with Minerva, who was expected to be the only ally in this great muster.

"By the way, one person hasn't come yet?" I heard that the number of stars belonging to the Unified Space Management Department is four.

"Sorry!"

The door opened violently and a dark-skinned woman entered.

Minnie put her hand on her hip and said.

"Why are you so late?"

"Yes! It's late! I am so sorry!" She was a girl from the mountain village, wearing a shabby ball gown tied with her belt.

Shirone, who was looking at the chubby thighs like the hind legs of a frog, asked Louver.

"This person... ... ?"

"Yes. This is Kira, a 1-star resident of the Unified Space Management Department. An undead wizard."

Kira straightened her back.

"Hello! It's Kira! And this one...

After a while, a huge skeleton more than 2 meters long strode in and grabbed Kira's shoulder.

"It's my satellite Etron! I picked it up in the mountains!"

Instead of a greeting, the skeleton snapped its jaws.

"Shirone-sama and I, Mini and Kira. In this way, four people belong to the Unified Space Management Department. The total number of stars is 12."

"The number of stars?"

"The total number of stars is different for each department. It's a measure of prestige, but never mind. There are departments that do not have 4 stars, so it is not an absolute figure."

'I guess our department isn't high.'

Louver spoke to the stars.

"This is the place where all 27 members of the Ivory Tower, including Taeseong, gather. Never relax."

"Yes!"

The stars and satellites shouted with courage.

Great convocation of the ivory tower (4)

When I reached the top floor of the Ivory Tower, my mistress's Araka was preparing to move.

"Shirone."

Minerva of the Human Security Enforcement Department welcomed Shiro and your party.

"Mr. Minerva."

Although she was detached from worldly affairs, it was unusual to see her wearing all the witch's costumes and holding a jet.

Louver came with the stars.

"See you again." Silently, she looked at the stars of the Unified Space Management Department one by one.

The others were barely familiar, but Kira was also unfamiliar with Minerva.

'That kid is Kira.'

Body Collector Saint Kira.

As an undead wizard, she was a catastrophic figure who was once called the second Minerva.

"Hello! Nice to meet you! This is Kira!"

Although he had been active in the Ivory Tower for quite some time, he still had a military discipline.

The sight was rather terrifying.

"yes. Let's get along well in the future." It was just a greeting, but it was a speech with a clear purpose in the situation ahead of a large convocation.

Minnie rubbed her chin.

'Well, since Minerva also participated in the <Law Slaughter> project, she probably can't step out. Is it a destiny community?'

Shirone confirmed the faces of the Human Security Enforcement Department.

There was a sex brain floating in the air, and men with a vicious look behind it.

"Who are they?"

Minerva turned her head.

"Ah, let me introduce you. The stars of the Human Security Enforcement Department. This one... ... Before the introduction could begin, a man approached with numerous knife cuts on his face.

It was Laska, a 3-star resident of the Ivory Tower, a metal wizard nicknamed the Butcher.

"Cheuk, sister. Is this guy the kiddo? You want to take off the bachelor ticket yourself?"

Minerva, who was glared at by Shirone, shrugged.

"Of course it's a joke."

Laska approached Shirone.

"Listen up, sweetheart. I don't care if it's five stars or not. If you lay even one finger on my sister... ...

The moment they exchanged glances with Shirone, Laska felt a terrifying feeling and hurriedly stopped walking.

'What is this?'

never to live

In fact, there was no hostility to be found in the look of Si Lorne, who innocently blinked.

'Are you afraid of me?'

He was able to endure to some extent the death of Minerva, who exudes the energy of the god of death.

'What the hell?'

The unknown made it even more frightening.

"Sheesh!"

When Laska stepped back, forgetting the prestige of the stars, Louver nodded slightly.

'He has a transcendental sense.'

It was certainly amazing that even Mong-ah could grasp the madness of lines he had seen in Shirone's REM area with just his eyes.

'Is it really a 3-star?'

The Human Security Enforcement Department is those who are involved in disasters or crimes in the human world.

Ironically, except for the Holy Brain, they were the villains who once made the world fearful.

Minerva hit Laska in the back of the head.

"Ouch! Why are you hitting me, sister!"

"Why are you acting like this when you can't even try? Because of you, only I am embarrassed."

"No, I tried to see what she was like because she was interesting."

Minerva sighed, but she also sensed the change in Shirone.

'yes. You're going crazy too, Shirone.'

It is also true that it is not a world that can be sane.

"Sorry. I'll apologize instead. As you can see, the people in our department are one-and-a-half."

"it's okay."

Shirone spoke briefly.

They didn't say what was okay, but whatever would have mattered anyway.

Minerva introduced the stars and satellites of the Human Security Enforcement Department one by one.

There were no 2-stars, but there was one more 3-stars besides Laska, and even 1-star residents were introduced.

"A total of 5 people. The number of stars is 16. It is the second largest number among the five departments. In addition to the Unified Space Management Department, there are 28. This will be worth fighting for."

"What does it mean to fight?"

"As you know, the roles of the five departments are different. We have disasters and crimes, the balance is the stability of the world, the System Inspection Department is dedicated to large nations, and the Ministry of Law literally governs the law."

Minerva raised her index finger.

"For example, if a powerful demon descended, the Human Security Enforcement Department and the Ministry of Law would be involved. If the place of descent is a country, the System Inspection Department is also included. The problem is that each person has a different perspective on solving it. What you need at that time is your department, the Integrated Space Management Department."

It was no coincidence that it was Oh Dae-seong of the Unified Space Management Department who had assisted Tae-seong for generations.

"But now things have changed. To be honest... ... Were you miserably defeated? I don't know how other departments will turn out. At that time, the number of stars can be the standard for Taeseong to judge."

"Hmm, judgment."

"Like the last convocation, the scope of the agenda of this convocation is the entire world. I will make preparations for not only Habits, but also Shion's situation and Nane."

Shirone raised his head.

"Did you find me?"

"no. Even Taeseong's ability, Gaia, can't capture your location. Because Shura, the god of lies, is next to him."

Shura, 7th in the Order of the Ten Commandments, would avoid the world's attention if her Gestalt

It was easy.

Deep in the mountains of the Central Continent.

There was one man plowing the field in the heavenly nature where no human beings could be found.

It was unusual to see a man with a tattoo all over his face as well as a pickaxe.

"Master."

Nane straightened her back at the sound she heard from afar.

"Eat some of this."

Shura, dressed in worn out rags and with a towel wrapped around her head, was walking with a tray on her head.

"You are suffering a lot."

It's been quite some time since I hid in a deep mountain, leaving human society behind, but I and your level haven't risen at all.

"If you are sorry for causing trouble, get enlightenment quickly. I'm not even outside right now."

Nane gulped down the water and averted her eyes.

" outside?"

"They say that a man named Habitz has become atrocious. Hell's armies are devastating the kingdom."

"I see."

Nane stared at the horizon and was lost in thought.

"When do you think you will become a Buddha?"

"If you want to be, even right now." Shura's face brightened.

"Are you finally aware of the secrets of the world? Then, please teach me! hurry!"

Shura was impatient, but Nane was just smiling that inexplicable smile.

"There is something to check before that."

Nane took out a seed from her bosom.

"What is that?"

"I don't know. I collected them one by one while walking. If you plant this, it will sprout."

Nane, who planted the seeds, covered the soil.

"I don't know what will sprout, but let's start here. This is where it starts."

Shura, who was savoring Nane's words, asked.

"Are you planting seeds?"

"no."

Nane looked down at the ground with warm eyes.

"It is the heart."

willingness to plant seeds.

'I'm fine with this now. So let's watch it, Shirone. what is this world... ...

It was not yet time to do justice.

"It is spring."

Shura's line of sight followed Nane's sky.

In the Temple of Earth, there were 27 stars, their satellites, and the Arakawa Archives of the Ministry of Internal Affairs.

Sitting in the shape of a fan with Taeseong at the center, their eyes burned with speculation as if they were in enemy territory.

"This brings everyone together."

The moment Taeseong's mouth fell, all the stars lowered their heads in unison.

"Meet Tae-seong."

Araka swallowed at the sight of those who were born in this world and formed their own families shouting in unison.

'It's really amazing.'

I couldn't imagine what they could do when all of them moved with one will.

'It's a problem because it's impossible.'

That's why it will also be a large convocation that was implemented.

"As this is the only public seat in the ivory tower, I will be polite. First of all, before we listen to your views on the present, let's take a brief look at the world situation."

When Gaia's ability was activated, the ground scenery as if seen from an altitude was revealed in front of the Earth Castle.

Araka shook her head.

"Oh my gosh... ...

From such a height that nothing, no matter how huge, could be seen, the line of movement of the army of hell was clearly visible.

"An army of approximately 50 million is advancing towards Kashan and towards the Central Continent. How is it?"

The stars were silent, their faces calm.

Amanta of the Balance Department opened her mouth.

"To punish the demons... ...

"for a moment. I'm sorry, Amanta." Taeseong stopped talking.

"Before talking about atrocities, there is something you should know first. Currently, there are three people who have reached the state of destruction. Of course, we also have one person... ...

No one looked away, but Shirone felt as if his body had been pierced.

"The first thing to look at is this person."

As if rolling a planet by hand, the landscape quickly changed and the southern continent was reflected.

As they fell close-up, people Shirone knew well were fighting the army of hell.

'Mr. Gaold.'

"Kill! You are only human!" The number of demons spread endlessly around the altar seemed to be in the hundreds of thousands.

"Jingle jingle, really!"

Gangnan, who rushed after Gaold, gnashed his teeth and flew into the sky.

The demons fell helplessly in front of her destructive fighting skills, but the number was so great.

"Kangnan, I will do it." Dark waves swirled in Zulu's eyes, and the lich soared high into the sky.

As lightning fell in a radius of several hundred meters, the cries of demons pierced the sky.

"Queue!"

Beyond the corpses of demons exploding like firecrackers, the place they arrived at was an altar in the center of the psychic realm.

"Are you here?"

Pizarrochi, commander of the 11th Corps, was a powerful wizard with the nickname of the Ruler of Hellfire.

"There is no need to go all the way to the corps commander!" Those who guarded Pizarrochi were all brigade-level or higher, and were incomparable to the enemies they had defeated so far.

"Big!"

Gaold, who had eyes for Pizarrochi, gritted his teeth, and his hair began to turn white.

"die... ... !"

The ground shook with a thump, and the division commander's body was compressed like liquid.

thud! thud! thud!

As if an invisible iron core were falling, presses were applied from all sides, punching holes in the crowd of enemies.

"Aaaaaaa!"

As Gaold's self-denial skill, Great Superheat Hell, unfolded, the surrounding landscape turned into a fiery hell.

"Ha ha ha! Anyway, this is our... ...

Another division commander was crushed.

'What are you going to do?'

Gangnan bit his lip as he watched Gaold's nerves wriggle in pain.

'I can't hold out forever.'

Gaold didn't care.

'It's a maze.'

It is not known how long the war will last, but to him it was only a fleeting moment as the flash passed.

'I'll finish it.'

Cuckoo coo coo coo!

When dozens and even hundreds of presses knocked in all directions, the view opened like a curtain.

"You pathetic bastards!"

In the end, Pizarrochi flew into the sky, holding hellfire in both hands.

"ah??????

At the same time, Gaold's body flinched.

'In addition... ...

The rushing Zulu grabbed Gangnan and cast a teleportation in the opposite direction from Gaold.

"It should be avoided."

Gauld was worried, but there was nothing he could do, so Kang Nan obediently surrendered himself.

"Huh!" Pizarrochi threw a huge fire.

"This is it!"

Gaold lifted his head, crying tears of blood.

'come.'

Something huge that can't be suppressed.

'Damn it!'

At the end of the pale and tired consciousness, what came to mind was Miro's smiling face.

'It's a maze.'

air press.

Pizarrochi's body, the flames thrown by Pizarrochi, and the countless demons surrounding him all disappeared in an instant.

'Turn it all off.'

As the power of the destruction pressed down on the ground, it sank hundreds of meters and the heat soared.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

"Huh!"

The moment the explosion blew away a radius of several kilometers, Taeseong of the Temple of Earth staggered to the side.

The 26 stars and satellites watched the scene and kept their mouths shut.

depression (1)

The army of hell split in two in the city, which could be called the heart of Kashan.

Natasha and Zeta command the 40 million troops headed for the Central Continent where the Crusade is located.

And the remaining 10 million charged towards the capital of Kashan according to the instructions of the Balkans.

A grand party was held in Aganos, the imperial castle of Kashan, ahead of the war on which the fate of the empire depended.

All the nobles of Kashan gathered in the grand hall where the musicians could hear exciting performances.

'They had a party in such a situation, their expressions were all dark, and their hearts became even more heavy at the news of the sad news coming in through the secretary.

"Is this a human party?"

Looking at the long table with so many delicacies that it was hard to find a place to look, Kido swallowed.

"Where shall we begin?"

He chewed and swallowed anything he could eat, and he had no particular favorite food.

The nobles frowned as they walked from end to end of the table and crammed in waguwagu food.

"What is that goblin?"

"They say it's the pet of the Empress."

"Pets? By the way, are you wearing a weapon?"

Kido's spear was very irritating because it was forbidden to summon weapons except for the Royal Guard.

"Fuck!"

As he burped, the noble women covered their noses and scattered in all directions.

"Even if you die when you die, you have to eat and die."

Even for Kido, today's banquet was definitely unusual.

I am not interested in politics, but according to the rumors I heard, there was an analysis that Kashan would be destroyed within the next seven days.

'Is it like the Last Supper?'

After following Uorin to the imperial castle, she saw with her own eyes how much the empress of the empire had.

It was only natural that he would lose his mind, since all of that was on the verge of disappearing.

"The Empress is entering!" At the cry of the guards, all the nobles stopped what they were doing and turned toward the door.

The door opened slowly, and Uorin in a black dress entered with a bright expression.

Her face, adorned with diamonds and pearls, was so beautiful that the nobles were bewildered.

"wow?... "

Even the goblin Kido, whose aesthetic sense was inferior to that of humans, didn't think of anything at this moment.

' beautiful.'

It was the first time I was obsessed with the form of life.

"Good night, gentlemen."

Everyone paid attention to Wu Lin's words.

"You are probably curious. That's why we hold a grand party now, when the war is in full swing."

Kido looked at Gando next to Uorin, but couldn't read his thoughts from his expression.

"To put it bluntly, the war situation is not good. And maybe... ... We may lose the war."

It felt like something I had eaten.

"But don't worry."

Uorin gave a beautiful eye smile.

"Kashan never collapses. I will use all means to protect the empire, and I will continue to build a strong history forever.

all."

Since it was the name of Theraje, which had never failed since Kashan was established, it was believed.

"Enjoy it. Enjoy. It shows the world that we are not afraid."

The nobles shouted in unison.

"Long live Her Majesty! Long live Her Majesty!"

The musicians quickly resumed playing, and Uorin approached, making eye contact with the nobles one by one.

"how? Is the party fun?"

"... ... What are you thinking?"

Motivation is important

In Mankido's opinion, this war was somehow impossible.

"Well. What do you think?"

Kido frowned as he remembered the only way Kashan would not be destroyed.

"Could you... ...

Uorin held out her hand.

"Shall we dance?"

Kido, who was looking at the small and dainty hand, turned his head and snorted.

"Hong, what is the goblin dance... ...

"Come on."

When Uorin pulled Kido by the wrist and forcibly entered the ball, the nobles looked shocked.

"Are you going to dance with your pet?"

The only people who knew Kido 's identity were Gando and Pungjang.

I wondered if the empress had gone mad, but whoever she was with could not tarnish Uorin's beauty.

"I don't know how."

Uorin laughed and took the lead at Kido's voice.

"easy. Follow me around like this."

Kido, who had been concentrating on the dance for a while, secretly raised his eyes and looked at Urin.

"Are you afraid of dying?" Wu Lin smiled sadly.

"If the armies of Hell occupy Kashan, Havits will be the first to find me."

Even Theraje's bloodline, Uorin, couldn't imagine what kind of disaster he would bring.

"Even if death is the end of my eternal life, I can accept it. But there are still reasons to live."

"Shirone?"

Uorin didn't answer this time either.

"I don't mean to hand over Kashan for free. I will have to negotiate Even if that is Theraze's downfall, Kashan will not disappear."

"You can fight."

Kido found himself feeling sorry for himself.

"I will protect you. No one will touch you, so don't be afraid and fight."

Wu Lin shook her head.

"I can't win. It has to be Shirone. But Shirone will not fight for Kashan."

'It has to be Shirone.'

As I savored Uorin's words, a part of my heart ached.

Tormia Kingdom Magic Association.

Rufist, the president of the association, put the documents that had arrived urgently on the desk and rubbed his temples.

'The holy war will not be able to block it.' The news was that the army of hell was suddenly making a detour and descending toward the Central Continent.

'I can't penetrate even Tormia.' He was thinking about that when he heard a knock outside.

"President of the association, we have brought a candidate for the next chief of staff."

After Jane's death, the post of chief secretary had been vacant, but now that war broke out, he needed someone to assist him.

"Ask me to come in."

The door opened, and a woman with blue hair that reached her waist entered.

It was Ravid Fleur, a certified 6th-level wizard.

"hello. This is Flu, the captain of the third-floor guard."

Everything about the flu had already been confirmed through his profile.

It was not unreasonable to appoint a person with excellent judgment as well as magic skills as the chief of staff.

Just one thing to point out

thing.

"You've heard that Gaold is active, right?"

"Yes, I heard."

The point was that she was Gaold's bodyguard who once fought against Heaven together with Gaold.

"Association and Zion, what is your priority?"

Flew thought for a moment.

Even that attitude would work against a quick promotion, but she had no qualms.

"I still respect Mr. Garold."

Rufist's expression did not change.

"But, as always, what is important to me is the well-being of the Kingdom of Tormia. There is no room for personal feelings."

'Looks like it.'

Rufist thought of Jane, who had passed away first.

If possible, he wanted to leave the position of chief secretary vacant while he served as the president of the association.

'There is no woman as competent as you.' The image that the world is heading towards destruction

It was a name that Hwang missed even more.

"How about a bed?"

Flew blinked briefly at the sudden question, then raised his glasses and said.

"Well, I haven't heard anything particularly bad about it."

Rufist laughed.

'Yes, anyway we are all... ...

It is an accessory of the kingdom.

"Follow. I have somewhere to go."

Since the sun had already set, Flu asked with a puzzled expression.

"Where are you going?"

Rufist spoke briefly.

"flower garden."

Earth Temple.

"Are you okay?"

Due to Gaold's shock wave from the south, Taeseong was not able to come to his senses for a while.

Taeseong, the incarnation of a star.

Receiving power that exceeded the durability of the planet was the same as being directly hit by magic.

"it's okay."

Taeseong raised his hand to calm the stars.

"Currently, the South is relying on a team of only three people led by Gaold. As you can see, the power of the apostate is great, but they alone can't block all areas." As the screen in front changed, Habitz's army was reflected again.

"Gaia's ability can see most things happening on the planet. This will definitely help in war. But before that, there are things we need to make sure."

Taeseong finally got to the point.

"Everyone, do you agree with erasing the existence of demons from this world?" No answer came immediately.

"Asmodians are beings created by human emotions."

Amanta, the Five Star of the Balance Department, said.

"It means that there is no reason to separate humans and demons. To add a little leap, eliminating demons is the same as eliminating humans." said Minerva.

"But if we leave it as it is, demons will take over the world. The first thing we need to think about is the war against the demons. By mobilizing all the capabilities of the ivory tower... ...

"Cheuk, bullshit."

Minerva turned her head at the high-pitched voice.

A man in golden iron armor sat with his arms crossed.

It was Siegmund Fried, the fifth star of the System Inspection Department.

The armor that he is wearing as he has the nickname of the King of Greed is also the only armor set of the five masters in the world.

It was a state-of-the-art equipment in the magic world that exhibited a staggering 65% anti-magic.

"dog sound?"

Life welled up in Minerva's eyes.

"That's right. No matter how evil Havitz is, does it compare to Minerva in her prime?"

It was the most painful part of Minerva.

"What does the young man say he knows about me? Wanna die?"

"I know one thing for sure. When you stick to Yahweh and shake your ass

reason."

Fried pointed at Shirone and laughed.

"Because only that kid can save you. You want to be forgiven, don't you? So what did you give in return? huh? tell me, baby Was it hot as rumored?"

As Minerva grabbed Jet, Shirone sighed softly.

"Sigh."

He slowly raised his head and spat out.

"it's annoying."

There was a coldness that made other stars freeze with just that one word.

'The author is Oh Dae-seong of the Integrated Space Management Department.' I had heard that he had risen to the level of Yahweh, but it was a little different from what I had imagined.

'What is this uneasy feeling?'

Like a time bomb about to explode at any moment, my stomach rumbled.

However, like the five great stars, Fried did not waver.

"Cheuk, the symbol of fraternity is rough-mouthed. What do you do when you're annoyed? Even if we stick together here... ...

Before he could finish his words, Shirone jumped up and threw the Photon Cannon.

"Huh!"

After kicking off the floor, Fried stepped back, but was overtaken by teleportation in an instant.

'Are you really going to try it?'

Among the stars of the ivory tower, he was the only one who could handle sword and magic at the same time, but his speed was unresponsive.

'Let's see... ... !'

As the effect of the armor set of the Five Masters appeared, the Photon Cannon moved away from it at a considerable distance.

'This is what happens!'

At the same time, Shirone, who arrived at a close distance, fired the Photon Cannon again.

As the sphere of light vibrated through 65% of the anti-magic, Fried's eyes widened.

'how?'

It is unavoidable at this distance.

As soon as the thought was over, the photon cannon was thrust straight into Freed's stomach.

"Keuuugh!"

The shock disappeared like a lie the moment the abdominal muscles were torn apart.

"uh?"

When Fried looked around, all the stars were in the same motion.

'I skipped the time.' As if nothing had happened, Shirone was just staring at Freed from where he was.

depression (2)

'Damn it.'

A wild glare emanated from the eyes beneath the helm of Freed's crucifix.

Turning back time does not erase the events that existed in my mind.

But still Oh Daeseong.

When I suppressed my shame and analyzed the incident from a while ago, there was definitely something strange about it.

Meanwhile, the stars and satellites of the Ivory Tower gazed at Freed and Shirone alternately, speechless.

'Fried got hit.'

It was an event in a time zone that did not exist, but there was no one who was foolish enough to not know the breaking of time.

'No, did I really get hurt?' The incident returned to the original time when Fried allowed the blow.

As a magician and swordsman, Fried's durability was much higher than that of other stars, so questions remained.

And only Fried, who was directly attacked by Shirone, should have known the answer to that question.

' weird.'

The first thing that came to Fried's mind was a sense of incongruity.

'The fall of time. I understand that the timeline vibrates and pulls the future into the past... ...

The trajectory of the Photon Cannon, and all the variables at the time Shirone's teleportation reached his immediate vicinity.

'Why couldn't I avoid it?'

Even if it was a surprise attack, it wasn't to the extent that he couldn't avoid it as he had reached the highest level of mankind in sword and magic.

'Not once.'

It feels like another time within time vibrates.

'The incident in which I was attacked by him is just one of many incidents that have existed.'

How many times has the same section been repeated?

'There is no need to think about the unknown.'

What he realized about Shirone was that he could perform calculations on future possibilities in an instant.

'A wizard who searches for the route to reach the most perfect conclusion and strikes an unavoidable blow.'

That was Shirone.

'But I shoot magic, move, and shoot again. What variables could be more at work there?' The width of the change would be so minute that an ordinary wizard could not confirm it.

But rather, the subtlety made Fried feel uncomfortable like motion sickness.

'Ambush doesn't matter. Annoying O......'

Regardless of sword or magic, it was Freed who had never been beaten by anyone.

'Was there a fine crack that could penetrate the gaps in my realm?'

The breaking of time was the second problem, and Shirone's thinking about finding a way to surprise him was annoying.

"Funny."

Fried opened his mouth and let out a vicious aura.

"It's unexpected. No way, I didn't know that Oh Dae-seong of the Unified Universe Management Department would strike first."

It was common for Oh Dae-seong, who had been guarding Taeseong for generations, to sit in a dignified manner like an enlightened human being.

"What are you talking about?"

Shirone asked savvyly.

"I didn't do anything."

"Quack."

Blood pooled in Fried's temples.

'That's how it will come out.' I had no intention of following Shirone's philosophy from the beginning, but this workshop made it clear.

'No matter what he thinks, he will never be able to carry it through.'

The atmosphere in the Earth Temple became tense.

Even the air shook as the stars and satellites of each department glared at each other.

Even though Taeseong was watching right in front of him, the name Daesojib was so huge.

'Shirone.'

Taeseong looked at Shirone with open eyes.

The destruction of time put pressure on her in a different way from Gaold's destruction that directly hit the planet.

'The mind is confused.'

According to her feelings, the number of times Shirone vibrated in order to successfully ambush Freed was approximately 40,000.

The reason why he turned back time was probably with Fried's counterattack in mind after the successful attack.

'Even Fried is not a person to be easily defeated.'

In terms of leading the situation, it can be said that it is like a poem, but unlike usual, the method was quite violent.

Minerva looked over at Shirone.

'No, you're right. The group that will obstruct us the most in this big and small house is the System Inspection Department. But... ...

Fried was not going to break that much.

"United Space Management Department would like to speak

all."

Shirone stood up from her seat.

"If demons were born from human evil, now is the time to eradicate that evil. We ask for the cooperation of each department of the Ivory Tower to fight the demons."

"Why do I have to fight demons?" said Fried, crossing her arms.

"It is the principle of all things that the strong eat the weak. If they are strong, you can give them away, like this world?"

Shirone's eyes lit up.

"If demons take over the world, all human nations will perish. Is that the ending the System Inspection Department wants?"

Fried was unconcerned.

"You are mistaken. We are not a follower of royalty. The system that currently leads the world is just the national system, and if the demons introduce a different system, it's enough for us to manage it."

It meant that as long as the system was maintained, it did not matter who became the ruler of this world.

"I will pass on the opinions of the System Inspection Department to Taeseong. We do not act for the benefit of any particular country. Considering that the demons are also a newly born nation, the current situation is just a war. A common war horse that has always been and will never be gone."

Minerva bit her lip.

'You came in very determined.'

Fried was unlucky, but the System Inspection Department accounted for a large portion of the five departments.

"Mr. Fried has a point."

Shirone nodded meekly. "Systematically, there is no reason why this world should belong to humans. But there is one thing I don't understand, so I want to ask."

"Hey, ask me any number. I will give my child a detailed understanding."

Shirone looked straight at Fried and said.

"I heard that you manage the system of the demons, but I don't think your department has that kind of ability."

The eyes of the eight stars in the System Inspection Department each had a different kind of life.

"Such a cheeky bastard... ...

Fried frowned.

"This is the end of installing a talent that others can't do. There are many ways to kill you."

Shirone accepted it calmly.

"Yes? What is it?" Fried's mouth did not open for a long time, and after a while his shoulders shook violently.

"Quack. Kkkkkkkkk."

The moment his body disappeared from view and the ground where he was sitting sank in a semicircle.

"Oh, sir... ... !"

The Temple of the Earth thumped and swayed, and Fried with his sword drawn appeared in front of Shirone.

'Patience! It's this again!'

Seeing the afterimage of Shirone twisting her body in a counterattack posture made her sick again.

'I have to assume that time has already oscillated.'

It was the second thing I felt, but it was an extremely dirty feeling that I couldn't describe.

'But can I find a gap again?'

Perhaps it would have been a surprise attack like the one before, but he was confident that he had no gaps in his preparation for the battle.

'Look back as much as you like.'

After all, the only thing that will be decided is the case of Shirone's head falling off.

'If I win this time, it's 1 win and 1 loss. But... ...

Freed's sword swung at the highest speed that passed the limit of the law.

'My first win is your death!'

At that time, the wheel spun rapidly at the midway point where the sword and magic collided.

'World wheel? damn!'

It is not strong by itself.

However, strength was not needed to maintain absolute balance by circulating external forces.

Aaaaaaaang!

As the power rotated around the world wheel, Shirone and Fried were bounced in opposite directions.

"Keugh!"

Where the two stared at each other, stood Amanta, spinning the world wheel between her palms.

"Stop it. It's a meaningless fight." Fried pursed his lips.

"No meaning? I bet you heard that kid look at me funny?"

"Because both of you are wrong." Amanta turned to Taeseong and said.

"Human-centered Syrone, System-centered Freed. It can be seen as a failure in that it has not already prevented today's situation. Please let me use the world wheel even now."

Taeseong asked.

"How well can you balance it?"

"In exchange for annihilating 80% of humanity, the number of demons can drop below 30%."

Minerva asked.

"Are 80% of humanity a joke?"

"It couldn't have been this extreme. If you had listened to me when I asked you to turn the world wheel, mankind would have sacrificed only 30 percent."

Shirone objected.

"Even 30 percent is a big number."

"Yes. But that 30 percent is already gone. They are all dead." "You know what I mean? I tolerated your idealism, if not arbitrarily, once. But as a result, I made a bigger sacrifice. Face reality."

"I will tell you something." A woman's voice, as cold as a sword, was heard from the outermost periphery of the Temple of Earth.

It was Sing, the five major stars of the Ministry of Law.

Her black hair was tied up on the top of her head, and her pale face was ferocious but beautiful.

"Wait for a moment. Still my words... ... Just as Fried was about to step out, Thing's right hand moved gently to the side.

'What, what?'

Shirone's eyes widened.

Like bugs, everyone except Thing felt as small as dust on the floor.

'It's a huge law.'

Minerva gritted her teeth.

'The Thing of the Ministry of Justice. If Fried is annoying, that woman is really strong.'

Thing opened his mouth.

"There is no standard in the law. When I become strong, others become weak. Therefore, I think it will be helpful to reveal my thoughts that do not have standards."

Taeseong asked.

"What are your thoughts?"

"... ... I also question whether humans are worthy of such respect."

While Fried raised the corners of his mouth, the wrinkles between Shirone's forehead deepened.

Minerva sighed.

'Of course, Shirone. The people gathered here are all those who have reached the highest level of humanity.'

Oh Dae-seong, those who received the title of stars.

'They have something in common... ... That he has been hurt by so many people.

'Actually, you know how terrible humans are. That's why he's going crazy.'

Not feeling like fighting together was the cause of Oh Dae-seong's depression.

"There is no human in this world. There are only humans, humans, humans."

According to Singh's theory, a human being is a being who has fallen alone in a place made by someone else.

"I honestly don't know. I can't believe there are multiple humans in this world. Only I am human, and all of you are illusions."

Everyone except me is a doll.

Even if he applied it to everyone in the world, there would be no human being who would prove the contradiction in Sing's words.

"Thus, I am the only human in this universe. It is only to fight to pamper my own world. I don't really want to care about the pain that illusions suffer."

Shirone put on a tired expression.

'What kind of life did I live to have thoughts like that?'

But that philosophy was the driving force behind Singh's manipulation of the law to the extreme.

"So, as much as possible, I tried to match the will of the false image that someone created called Fried... ...

The still huge Thing looked back at Shirone, who was standing on the vast floor, and smiled.

"The illusion of Shirone is also quite unique."

'What is it?'

I couldn't analyze the woman named Thing.

depression (3)

When Singh of the Ministry of Law said something meaningful, the eyes of the residents of the Ivory Tower changed at once.

The number of members of the Ministry of Law is 5, but the number of stars in possession is 17, the highest.

This is because some departments have two 4-stars without one.

'It's a really strong law.'

As Shirone strengthened her eyes and increased the power of incarnation, Thing's presence gradually began to disappear.

Then Freed, Amanta, and Minerva overcome the law of Thing, followed by the 4-star and 3-star.

'Keugh! I can't!'

However, the residents below the 2-star level were still suppressed by Sing's presence and were unable to use their strength.

Fried asked Thing.

"You, are you planning to join the Unified Space Management Department?"

"Whatever decision I make, it has nothing to do with you. Well, it doesn't make any sense to say such a thing."

Thing added.

"I haven't changed my mind yet. I just said that the illusion of Shirone is unique."

She turned her head to Shirone.

"Why are you trying to save humanity? Are you a program to protect other illusions?"

I'm human too, I wanted to reply, but Shirone couldn't get it out of my mouth.

'There is no way to change the logic of Thing. It's not even delusion. A person who has reached the highest level in the law.'

But it's all an illusion.

Conversely, I thought that Thing might be an illusion to me.

'Everyone except me is an illusion... ... Humans are truly lonely beings.

'That's what I hate.'

I couldn't be so envious of the Gaians who achieved an integrated mental system today.

"Fake or real, it doesn't matter. If left as it is, the world will be destroyed by the army of hell. And in that world, there are also ivory towers. That must be stopped."

"Do you really think so?" Shirone flinched.

"Because I don't understand. Everyone in this room seems to be designed to understand the world quite a bit, so how do you come to that conclusion?"

Fried agreed.

"You are lying."

Power entered Shirone's eyes.

"At the Great Convocation, any opinion can be carried through, but you mustn't lie. Where do you think the army of hell came from? Murderer? rapist? Of course there will be some stake, but no. It just came from us."

Fried spread his arms.

"You must have made great efforts to reach the level of Yahweh. but it's all the same so what's left? love for humans? No, actually, we know better than anyone else. There is only one reason why all of humanity wanted to climb to the top of the competing pyramid."

Fred slowly turned his head.

"Because there are no humans there." "dream? Achievement? It's the same no matter how you wrap it in words. I don't want to get entangled with humans, I don't want to get hit. The reason the top of the pyramid looked the brightest to your eyes was that no one lived there."

This is why the ivory tower was created.

"How many petty arguments have you had? How many times have you been denied and ridiculed for your thoughts? But when I go there, no one is there. The merit of the top is enough. To be able to live without feeling human nature."

Shirone bit his lip.

"You would know too? If I hadn't been disillusioned with the world, I wouldn't have come this far in the first place. Let's save humans? We're just taking our own responsibilities. To borrow Nane's words, it is also called Great Purification."

Taeseong opened his mouth.

"Fried, Nane's philosophy has already been passed on to Fall de... ...

"Taesung."

Shirone stopped talking.

"I will continue to tell you." Sensing a chill, Taeseong closed her mouth, and Minerva gulped down her saliva.

'This isn't serious... ...

Shirone aimed her eyes at Fried.

"You are right. I can't say I didn't have that feeling either. But I already forgave them. Because I am a human being just like them."

"That is your case. I am not Yahweh."

Shirone meekly nodded.

"Nevertheless... ... He said he was angry." Only then did Fried look back at Shirone.

"Why do I have to go through this? why can't i be happy I was so angry and resentful that I ended up... ...

Shirone put her thumb on her chest.

"I made a terrible monster here."

Even if she didn't bother to open her chest and look into it, Shirone's dangerous aura told her the size of her anger.

"The reason I was able to endure it again is because I still love this world. If you are not happy here, you will be the same wherever you go."

"So that's your case... ...

"I'm not asking you to know."

Shirone's eyes changed.

"I don't know why I was given the chance to save everyone, but really, this is my last chance. The moment I let go of the realm of Yahweh, it was an extremely small handful of anger lurking inside Shirone.

"Nobody can be happy."

The five great stars of each department frowned.

'what is this?'

Suddenly, a black monster tore Shirone's clothes and jumped out, screaming at the stars.

Aaaaaaaaaaaa!

"Huh!"

The two-star residents were surprised and threw their upper bodies back.

'No, it's not a monster.'

When he came to his senses, the countless thorns that had overwhelmed him with the form had disappeared, and a single <Dharma Slaughter> was vibrating.

Minerva bit her molar.

¡®Law Killing' was activated only with temperament. That's something I couldn't see even in my prime.'

Fred asked with a displeased expression on his murderous intent against the whole world.

"Are you threatening me?"

"yes. But not my will." To prevent the destruction of mankind, Yahweh

made the final choice.

Terrible inner monster.

'The only way I could contain that anger was... ...

It was an extreme philanthropy that no one could be happy if everyone couldn't be happy.

'one more time... ...

Shirone's voice trembled.

"Can't we just give you one more chance? To say that you came here because you hate humans means that you loved them that much. In fact, you all want to live together, don't you?"

Thing, whose lips were tightly closed, looked at Shirone.

'all together?'

Her wounds never heal.

'Where is that? It's an illusion that torments me by acting out all sorts of human emotions.'

There was only one exception.

If Shirone is not an illusion, for example, if an absolute being appears and guarantees that he is human.

'Maybe I'll change my mind... ... With the eyes of all the stars focused on Fried, time passed helplessly.

It's an atmosphere that normal humans can't even last for a minute, but the stars stayed there for over an hour.

"I will say something."

At that time, Rampa, a 3-star resident of the System Inspection Department, raised his hand.

He was an old man over 100 years old, and on the back of his wrinkled hand, there was a bird emitting yellow light before he knew it.

'Lampa. The world's greatest information wizard.' It would not be an exaggeration to say that the radius of his information transmission magic, Telebird, was the entire planet.

Fried, who was still lost in his thoughts while being watched by <Slaughter>, asked bluntly.

"what's the matter? In an important time like now."

"I thought I should let you know before making a judgment. A little while ago, the emperor of the Kashan Empire changed."

Shirone's head jerked back.

"The emperor has changed?"

Lampa waited for Freed's instructions.

"Go ahead."

"The current succession ceremony is over. The new emperor is Gando, the biological son of Theraze Mystra. Also, it seems that Kashan will withdraw from the temple and join Gustav's side."

'Uorin... ... Gave up Kashan.' In other words, it meant that Gustav's forces would become much stronger than they are now.

'What's going on?' At the same time Shirone turned her head, Taeseong illuminated Kashan's territory with Gaia's ability.

"Hey! Run! run!"

Harbitz led the army of Hell behind his back and galloped across the vast territory of the Kashan Empire.

From far away on the horizon, Kashan's defense forces guarding the capital were rolling in like a tidal wave.

'They're just having fun meeting each other.' Bullying the prisoners in the occupied area and moving around all day sitting in a high car was boring to the point of death.

"I'm coming!"

Surprised by Havitz's sudden action, Sumodo hurriedly mounted his horse and chased after him.

"Damn it! What the hell are you thinking!"

It is said that they are free from the law, but in the end, if they are stabbed by a human sword, they have no choice but to die.

Sumodo shouted at Balkan, who was riding alongside.

"Is this okay? Die there!"

"no."

Vulcan raised an eyebrow.

"I won't die."

Kashan's 30,000-strong defense force and Hell's army clashed with a clear boundary line.

Havitz's figure was buried in the weaponry.

"Let me kill you too!"

Running around the battlefield like a child and wielding a sword, Havitz's inaction was mediocre.

Still, no one could kill him, and after tasting the blood, he went deeper.

"what? Is that the emperor?"

The commander of the archery unit turned rapidly and gave instructions to the soldiers.

"Shoot! If we catch that guy, the war will end!"

Thousands of soldiers fired arrows at once.

As the arrows soared into the sky and fell in a parabolic line, the finest magic bullets exploded.

The entire radius was devastated, and the huge demons rolled on the floor with their flesh bursting out.

"Are you done?"

There was a light of hope in the Cheoninjang's eyes.

But at that moment, Havitz, who was completely intact, jumped out through the smoke.

"damn! Power reload... ... No, I will take care of it myself!"

As the Cheonjinjang drew his sword and charged in, Habitz ran towards him as if he had no need to worry.

'Stupid bastard. He was determined to die.' Numerous demons were fighting around them, but no one offered to help Satan.

'I can catch it! i catch it! Become a hero!'

He could realize that Havitz's swordsmanship was only intermediate or intermediate, just by competing.

'This is real! I am the emperor... ... heart beats wildly

"Yaaaaa!"

He delivered the best sword of his entire life.

"what... ...

The blade brushed the throat of Havitz, who leaned his upper body back, and cut the air emptyly.

'Are you lucky? It can't be.' He tried to wield the sword in succession, but only managed to slash Havitz's collar.

'damn! The one with no armor! Are you actually a swordsman? But this nonsensical move... ... I didn't feel like I was watching and avoiding it at all.

' uh?'

The moment he saw Havitz's face, the body of the thousand chief froze and shuddered.

'Eyes... ... Are you winding up?'

Vulcan smiled.

"It is not a miracle."

When all mankind who lived through history threw the dice, only Havitz was the last one left.

'It's a probability, a probability.'

Anyway, someone has to stay.

'It will become a matter of course.' Just as it is natural for us to be born into this world after breaking through billions of competition.

"your majesty! Are you having fun!"

Vulcan, who had cut off the head of the Cheoninjang with a single knife, stopped talking with a hearty laugh.

"so so. But I want to see Uorin soon."

"It will be in hand soon."

As Sumodo arrived late, Vulcan looked over the infernal armies advancing on Aganos.

A white flag was fluttering in the distance.

depression (4)

Havitz's forces made a bloodless entry into the Kashan capital.

White flags were hung from house to house, and residents hung their heads in fear.

It's not just because the war was lost.

As if the vanguard had already swept through them, the streets were strewn with corpses and the smell of fresh blood lingered. Sumodo, who was holding a toothpick, smiled.

"You understand the situation quickly. After all, she is the empress of Kashan."

I thought Balkan wasn't over yet.

"I heard that there was a succession ceremony for the throne. If the war has already been lost, why does that matter?"

"He must be thinking of negotiating while hiding the Empress. It's good to receive it if the conditions are right. It's enough for us to enjoy anyway."

Upon arriving at the entrance of the imperial castle of Aganos, the army of hell was completely surrounded on all sides.

When the door opened, the scenery inside the imperial castle was revealed.

"Huhhh..."

More than a thousand humans were possessed with blood while being held captive by various instruments of torture.

The instruments of torture were in turn linked to musical instrument-like objects lying all around along the mechanism.

"It must have been made by Zetaro."

As soon as he passed through the gate of the outer castle, the demons who made a great contribution in this war approached Havitz and bowed their heads.

He was a handsome man, a little less than two meters tall, wearing black iron armor studded with thorns.

Amon, commander of the 7th Army of Hell.

He is one of the 10 corps commanders who are said to be in the direct line of Satan, and uses an iron sword heated in hell fire.

None of the demon corps commanders were weak, but among them, those in the top 10 ranks had a different level of strength.

"I've been waiting for you, Satan."

Havitz's appearance did not deviate from his human form, but he looked straight in Amon's eyes.

The four red triangles floating on the top of Havitz's head were the signs that he was an outsider of the law.

Vulcan asked.

"Who is the ruler of Kashan?"

As soon as the words were finished, a group of people appeared from the side of the inner gate.

Gando, who had just become emperor, and the highest nobles who had ruled Kashan so far.

Amon said to Habitz.

"This is an event prepared by Zeta Law to commemorate this victory. I hope you enjoy it."

After saying that and giving instructions, 100 members of the music troupe made up of demons lined up in their respective positions.

Red-skinned female figures whose hair was covered with tentacles stood holding sheet music.

The short, plump conductor looked around the orchestra and waved his baton.

Let a lot of instruments play.

"......r

Over a thousand humans started screaming, each at a different pitch.

From the moment the first note sounded, the nobles, including Gando, felt like all the hairs on their bodies stood on end.

'Serious guys.'

Gando gritted his teeth and endured.

"Hell's army!"

To the music created by human screams, the vocal band sang while puffing out their stomachs.

Every time the instrument was played, the moving torture device squeezed out the human voice even more strongly.

"The World of Chaos!"

It was indeed a song from hell, and this time even Vulcan and Sumodo were deeply impressed.

"It really kills me... ...

Jetaro is a genius.

Havitz wasn't bad either, but after listening to the music for a while, he ate and burst into laughter.

"Go away."

As Amon led the way, Habitz's group approached Gando past the vocal band who were moved to tears.

'I'm not bored. But... ...

Just the fact that it wasn't Uorin who greeted her made her feel like her excitement was broken.

'What I want to hear is the Queen's song.'

Habitz did not have to personally greet the emperor of the surrendered empire, but he boldly approached right in front of him.

"What about Uorin?"

Gando, who had already prepared for everything, bowed his head politely.

"It is in the castle. Just before meeting her, I have something to offer as emperor of her Kashan and her empire."

Vulcan laughed.

'I knew it would come out like this.'

"I will hand over the sovereignty of Kashan. You can moderate me, but if you feel uncomfortable, behead me. I just don't want to see any more blood. Please guarantee the lives of the people."

The faces of the highest nobility were wet with emotion.

'I'm sorry, Her Majesty.'

It was a decision to promote the safety of the country, even by giving up the honor of Theraje and selling her body.

Harbitz looked at Gando with indifferent eyes.

His eyes had no intention of analyzing anything, but Gando was dizzy from the endless chaos.

'Mother... ...

Last night, Wu Lin called Gando.

"At this rate, we lose the war. The help of the temple is also limited. Kashan will soon perish."

Gando didn't care.

It's obviously a situation where I should be angry and desperate, but for some reason, I didn't have any emotional fluctuations.

Perhaps it was because of Uorin's pale face, unlike usual.

'I guess mothers have fear too.'

With her ability to encompass history, she did not know defeat, but from the time of the Great Purification, she entered unknown territory.

Above all, it was the worst that Havitz of Chaos was his opponent.

"I will find a way. Borrow the remaining troops and the power of the holy war to somehow find an escape route... ...

"No, you can't get out of Habitz with that. Tried every possible way. I also thought about how to make it a good ending. And the decision I made, Uorin looked up at Jiandao.

"I must live."

He had an expression like a frightened rabbit, but only his eyes were still burning with the will to live.

"I am not afraid to die. Getting caught by Harvits... ... can withstand But Gando, I want to live."

Gando realized what Uorin was going to do.

'Focus only on living.'

He intended to survive by throwing away the history of Kashan, the honor of Theraje, the lives of officials, and the lives of the people.

'That Theraje... ...

It's not that I'm angry at the emperor for abandoning his responsibilities.

He hated seeing her, who had risen to the top of the world, earnestly clinging to life.

"Mother, I would rather... ...

"Save me."

Gando couldn't say anything.

Said Gando, who had escaped the chaos of Havitz.

"That is all we want. If you accept the offer, I will open Aganos right away."

Vulcan asked.

"What if I refuse?"

"At that time, Kashan will perish. But you will never get what the Gustav Empire wants."

"Uorin."

Havitz opened his mouth.

"Where are you?"

Gando pointed to the top layer of Aganos.

A white-haired woman was looking down from the window just below the fluttering white flag.

"What would you like to do?"

After looking up at the steeple for a long time, Habitz opened his mouth.

"Amon."

Amon, clad in ironclad, stepped to the side.

"Kill them all."

At the same time as the words fell, Amon's sword passed by causing a black afterimage.

As if evaporating, the bodies of all the nobles were split in two except Gando, who disappeared as if turned into electricity.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

The ladies-in-waiting and attendants who were further away screamed and ran away.

"damn!"

Gando, who had cast spark magic, frowned and lay face down at the place where the crowd was splitting.

'Did I notice?'

No, I just did whatever I wanted.

'It's definitely the Queen's natural enemy.'

Now that Plan A had failed, Gando's eyes were on Havitz, who was only 20 meters away.

'If only I could kill... ...

It was a life he gave up anyway.

Gando, who cast spark magic at the army of hell, cast lightning in front of Havitz.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Complete liberation that leaves no room for magic.

Blue electricity spread out in all directions, clawed the air and caused a huge explosion.

Whoops!

'I missed it!'

Amon's subordinate, a division commander-level demon, embraced Habits and soared into the sky.

Sumodo let out a sigh of relief.

'If the demons didn't help, would Havits die?'

Vulcan drew his sword and came to the side.

"Sumodo, don't make it complicated. Just don't die, just stick that in your head."

"... ... Right. OK."

Kashan's Guards were pouring an offensive, but the 7th Corps Commander's direct unit was also formidable.

"Was it a trap?"

Vulcan shook his head.

"no. Until a little while ago, the crowd flag hadn't been able to catch any kills. I was really trying to surrender."

"Then why the hell?"

Vulcan smiled bitterly.

"You're amazing, Therazzee."

They wanted to live even if it meant killing all of the nearly 1 billion people.

"Go to the spire!"

Amon flew to the spire in an instant, grabbed the woman standing in the window, and came down.

A woman with dyed white hair was trembling with fear.

"Sah, save me... ...

She cried out in tears as she tried to beg for her life.

"Hurrah, Her Majesty!"

The Vulcan, who had been decapitated with a sword, looked back at the exhausted Gando and asked.

"Uorin. Where are you?"

Gando only raised one corner of his mouth with difficulty.

While the Five Stars remained silent adhering to their respective philosophies, the other stars argued.

Minnie jumped up and screamed.

"We must go to Kashan immediately! When the Three Emperors collapse, the power of the demons becomes even stronger!"

"Why should I? Kashan tried to attach himself to the demons. It is human to do anything for profit."

"I agree. It's a human thing anyway. The ivory tower pursues a transnational purpose... ...

<Law Kill> roared again.

Aaaaaaaaaaa!

The voice disappeared like a lie, and all the stars turned to Shirone.

"Enough now."

Ivory Tower.

The pinnacle of the magical world that is not swayed by any power and only pursues learning purely.

"I'm leaving the ivory tower."

Minerva asked with a surprised expression at the unexpected remark.

"Shirone, what are you talking about?"

"Don't get me wrong. It's not that I'm angry or disappointed. Everyone here is right."

The problem is that everyone is right.

"Are you not running away?"

Fried said without turning his head.

"I was acquainted with the Empress of Kashan. you back away I don't know how it came to be like that. We plan the whole of this world. If it's really for the sake of the world, go through it here. press us."

"no."

Shirone was adamant.

"Now I understand what you are saying. He said he came up to this position because he hated being entangled with humans and was tired of arguing."

"yes. That is the ivory tower."

"So let's go up."

to a higher place.

Shirone opened her mouth, glaring coldly at Fried, who turned her head only then.

"I'm fed up with getting entangled with you guys." Fried's face turned red, and Thing looked at Shirone with an expression of interest.

Minerva burst out laughing.

'yes. That's how it's like you.'

Shirone, who had snatched the trembling <False> in the air, approached Taeseong.

"If you start from the North Pole, it will be late. Please let me out of here."

"... ... Outside is space."

Shirone looked down at the blue planet reflected under the transparent glass floor.

"It's the fastest way."

"I know."

Strangely, Taeseong seemed to be in a good mood even though he was leaving the convocation without permission.

'Yes, Shirone. The place you want to go is not the best, but something more.'

And someday, you will come into conflict with me over that one and only place.

'Material Earl.'

When Shirone emitted the light of Yahweh, a transparent sphere was created around him.

Minerva nodded.

" Aha??????

If it could penetrate the atmosphere, it would go straight to Kashan.

When Taeseong raised his hands, the glass ball containing Shirone floated up to the ceiling.

"Remember, Shirone. You said you were leaving the Ivory Tower... ...

In an instant, the glass ball escaped from the Temple of Earth.

"I do not allow it."

Attracted by the planet's gravity, the glass ball began to fall toward the desert at breakneck speed.





Participation (1)


Uorin left Aganos, the imperial castle, wearing a shabby robe.

There was not even an attendant to help her, and only Kido, who would protect her life, was following her side.

An explosion was heard in the distance.

"Is the negotiation broken?"

Kido took off his hood and looked up at the sky toward the front gate of Aganos.

Wu Lin did not stop walking.

"I wouldn't have even tried. To be precise, Havitz is doing whatever he wants."

Havitz's chaos is the height of contingency, going wild outside the laws of the world.

Kido followed Uorin and asked.

"If it is impossible to predict Harvitz, what is a fixed future?"

"The law is a collection of ideas. Outside the law is chaos. Ideas and chaos interlock to produce specific results. Therefore, even Havitz has a certain future... ...

"It means that the law cannot calculate how you will arrive at that future."

Uorin nodded.

"The world has already lost control. The wheel of good and evil is spinning rapidly around humans. The end of the world is not far away."

"But why are you... ...

Kido stopped talking and closed his mouth.

'The world is coming to an end.'

In a ruined world with nothing to gain, what does Uorin want to leave behind?

A woman's voice was heard from the sky.

"The Empress."

A person wearing a white owl mask circled through the air and landed in front of them.

When the mask was removed, the face of a pale woman with thick eyes was revealed.

It was Yula, the leader of Poongjang.

"How is it?"

"Everywhere is blocked. Hell's army of over 10 million has completely shut down the capital."

Currently, 99 Fengzhang, excluding her, are wandering around the capital looking for a way out.

"yes?... "

As a shadow fell over Uorin's face, Kido tried to pretend to be strong.

"Hong, it doesn't matter. It's not like you have to deal with 10 million people. Let's break through the weakest side."

"It's already a shame that doesn't mean anything like that. Where one could see a gap, Wu Lin cut her off.

"find. I will break through there."

"All right."

Yula immediately flew up into the sky.

"Let's go too. You have to get away from the imperial castle as much as possible. I have no choice but to blend in with the crowd."

After leaving the alley, the demons were brutally trampling the Kashan people.

'This is hell.'

Demons flapping dark wings filled the sky, making it impossible to see even the sun.

"let's go."

Kido, who hid the spear in his robe, led Uorin.

'It's fortunate that there are many humans in the capital.' The demons' actions were horrifying, but if they were killing machines, they wouldn't have had time to escape.

"Help me! please... ... !"

There is no one to help them.

But for Uo Rin, who once ruled Kashan, that earnest cry pierced her heart.

"Don't think about anything. I'll think about it, so you just focus on walking."

The movement of Kido moving out of the eyes of the demons was also tense.

"Ha ha ha! This is mine!"

A 2-meter-tall demon charged at them with an ax stained with blood.

"run!"

He kicked off the ground and started running, but wherever he went, demons were everywhere.

"Run away! run away!"

The Demons, who were the only ones among those who had given up on the lively prey, attacked all at once.

"damn!"

Kido, who had stopped running, fluttered his robe and took out the double-edged spear he had hidden.

"Stay there!"

Kido, who had shouted at Uorin, rolled on the ground and circled around at great speed.

The demons instantly turned into pieces.

"What, what?"

Demons who realized that they were not common runaways rushed in groups and narrowed the siege.

"Big!"

As if a machine were grinding them, the flesh of the demons mercilessly splattered outside the radius of Kido.

'There is no end.'

Even if it was a machine, it was a number that would be more than enough to damage the blade if it was changed to this extent.

"Kiddo!"

Hearing Uorin's voice, Kido caught sight of the rear through the rotating afterimages.

Three Demons were attacking Urin through Kido's Blade Hell.

"damn!"

As I slid forward on the floor and cut off their legs, the demon holding on to Uorin's clothes let out a scream.

"Kuaaaaa!"

When Uorin's face was revealed as her clothes were ripped off, the demons stopped moving.

"The Empress, the Empress!" A sacrifice that Satan so desires.

"Contact Headquarters!"

The moment the demons with wings kicked off the ground and flew into the sky, Kido's eyes widened.

"Yaaaaa!"

As the law of the earth was activated to the limit, dozens of demons were pulled into the ground.

"Keugh! this, this... ... !"

Kido, who attracted the demons with gravity, rotated the double-edged spear at a terrifying speed.

Boo woo woo!

The afterimage of the blade revealed the shape of a sphere.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Like a fire moth jumping into a fire, the bodies of the demons that collided with the sphere of the blade were pulverized with a loud sound.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

When he stopped spinning and looked around, the demons nearby were annihilated.

Kido looked at Uorin.

" It's fine?"

"uh. But they will come back." Kido took off his robe and said.

"First, put on my clothes. the face tells

surface... ...

"The Empress."

The people of Kashan, who were hiding all over the streets, approached with dazed expressions.

"really... ... Are you the queen?" Wu Lin, who was looking at them with a pale face, bit her lip and avoided their gaze.

People were shocked because they heard rumors that Uorin would save Kashan by being handed over to Gustaf.

Kido narrowed his eyes and looked around.

'I can't bear to speak directly, but I can tell just by looking at his expression.'

They looked like they were asking questions.

Where are you going?

With no attendants and shabby clothes, where the hell are you going? The answer came spontaneously from each person's head.

'They're running away.'

Sensing the seriousness of the situation, Kido stood in front of Wu Orin and shouted.

"Get out of the way! I will kill anyone who gets in my way!"

Seeing the inaction of Kido who tore the demons to shreds, the residents faltered and retreated.

Even so, the reason why he couldn't escape was probably because of the anger boiling deep in his heart.

"Hahaha! Gathered over there! Enjoy your cut!"

A group of demons were coming from the block across the street with their menacing eyes on them.

"Follow! hurry!"

Kido grabbed Uorin by the wrist and walked towards the people blocking his path.

'I have no choice but to kill him.'

Just as he was about to slash his throat while swinging his double-edged spear, the crowd split left and right like a lie.

"Go. We will buy time."

Kido didn't understand their decision, but Uorin left without a word.

'Because I am the queen. Because it's a noble life.'

Their judgment to find even a single meaning at the end of despair is too foolish.

'I am above that foolishness.' If so, use it thoroughly. If everyone had a reason to live anyway, only I would think and act.

"Long live Her Majesty! Long live Kashan!" Behind the fleeing Uorin, the voices of the people being trampled by the demons could be heard.

'Havitz.'

Uorin gritted his teeth.

'Havitz!' The entire legacy of Theraje was being destroyed.

"Aaaaaaaaaaa!"

Uorin clenched her fists tightly, looked up at the sky, and screamed.

The vast territory of Kashan was reflected in Shirone's eyes as he pierced the atmosphere.

'There is no time. As close as possible.'

The glass sphere being restored with the material's ability finally melted and disappeared with the heat.

'That's it!'

At that point, Shirone spread her wings and flew with all her might towards Aganos, the golden castle of Kashan.

'It's amazing.'

Even though there were still 20 kilometers to go to the capital, the sight of the army of hell completely covering the sky and the earth was clearly visible.

"Commander! An airplane is coming!"

A red light lit up in the eyes of Vanessa, commander of the 3rd division of the 7th corps, at the report of the guards.

Wearing heavy armor reminiscent of a rhinoceros, he moved along, dragging a two-ton steel ball connected by a chain.

"Yahweh... ...

The moment he checked Shirone's face, his rotted face was grotesquely crumpled.

"All troops go! Punish the abominable Yahweh!"

"Kiaaaaa!"

The demons, who had suddenly changed into faces of hatred and hatred, all jumped out, exposing their fangs.

Shirone realized that the ground was shaking even before the horizon was revealed.

'come.'

A group of black people who occupied the end and end of the field of view were rushing with tremendous force.

'philanthropy.'

I want to believe that there is no evil that cannot be repented of.

'A thousand times, ten thousand times, I can forgive. I can give you 100,000 or 1,000,000 chances.'

If only that blind love had distorted a child named Habitz... ... .

'I have to teach you!'

As Shirone's eyes widened, the incarnation of the light angel soared high into the sky.

'What am I doing wrong.'

Angel's Punishment.

As soon as the archangel finished throwing the spear, the spear of light crashed into the ground.

Aaaaaang!

A huge crater was created at the place where the shock wave exploded, but tens of thousands of demons restored the space again.

"Khehehe! Yahweh! You're not good enough!"

When the voices of the demons were close enough to be heard, Shirone brought out the <Law Kill>.

'I won't run out of control.'

With the heart of Yahweh who loves everything.

'So how angry are you? Even half of the anger I have to deal with... ...

even half of that.

"Enduring endlessly, splitting and splitting again."

A piece of anger smaller than dust, a single particle of that anger... ... .

"Even half and half!"

The <Spell> that escaped from Shirone's hand began to vibrate with a width of more than 10 meters.

"I want you to know something!"

Leaving Shirone's side, <Swordsman> let out a scream that seemed to tear the sky apart.

Aaaaaaaaaa!

A demon was the first to find it.

"Is that????

The moment I felt something flying, I heard the sound of demons breaking through from all directions.

Puff puff puff puff!

No one could see the trajectory of <Slaughter>.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Only the belated scream at the end of extinction echoed endlessly like a 4-dimensional space.

Vanessa shouted, clutching the handle of the mace.

"what's the matter!"

Every time the black afterimage drew a zigzag line, the demons were falling.

Vanessa's shoulders trembled as she watched her subordinates being erased at the rate of a thousand per second.

'That's it?... "

A dark monster that seemed to reflect Yahweh's anger was roaming the battlefield.

The trembling voices of the brigade commanders were heard.

"Hey, Yahweh... ...

Vanessa's eyes grew serious.

'We're getting scared.'

To Yahweh, not Buddha.

"Stop talking nonsense! This is proof that Yahweh is no different from us.

Wasn't it!"

"Ugh, aaaaaa!"

All the demons lined up behind Vanessa started running away with frightened expressions.

Yaaaaaaaaaaaa!

<Law Kill> roared a second time, permanently losing Vanessa's hearing.

"Great!"

As the blade swept straight ahead, Vanessa swung her mace with all her might.

"Gagging!"

However, before the iron ball even floated in the air, <Swordsman> pierced through the middle of his chest.

Vanessa's eyes, as she collapsed on her knees, contained Shirone's wide wings.

"Even, run away... ...

In an instant, Shirone passed by.

"Strike it."

Vanessa mumbled helplessly as she fell face down on the ground.

"Hey Satan... ...





participation in the war (2)


Silence fell in the Ivory Tower Earth Temple. The movement of <Law Murder>, reflected by Gaia's ability, was to the extent that even the Five Stars were silent.

"Is that <Slaughter>?"

It was penetrating the demons with such fast movements that it could only be seen from a high-altitude point of view.

"I know you're breaking the law."

"Of course it is."

Minerva, the original owner of Law Killer, smiled bitterly.

"The fuel is different. There is no need to change the law because you can kill in the most intuitive way."

"It is the anger of Yahweh... ...

Fried checked the ground again.

He frowned as he watched Shirone gallop along the road opened by <Swordsman>.

'Sick of it?'

The stars of the ivory tower don't get many chances to see each other's faces in their lifetime.

Just contemplate the world from a high place and do what you want to do according to your convictions.

'How long has it been since the meeting was held... ...

The actions of Shirone, who ran out of the Ivory Tower in disgust, lingered in his mind.

"You look at people funny."

Freed stood up from his seat, biting his lips.

"Go to Kashan."

Minerva turned her head.

"You mean to fight? Wasn't it the opinion of the System Inspection Department that it wouldn't care which side won?"

"There is no need to mock. This great summons, Shirone carried through. It was probably the only way to break my faith."

As Shirone pointed upward, the beliefs of the remaining people lost their persuasiveness.

'Damn you kid. Just do it in moderation.'

The Five Great Stars reached their destination through the fiercest competition in mankind.

However, if one of them runs again, the remaining four have no choice but to run.

Thing sighed softly.

"In addition... ... Should I go up?" She rose from her seat, unable to accept that her illusion was higher than herself.

"I am also going to Kashan."

The emotions of the stars were disturbed by the sudden situation, but Taeseong smiled gently.

'Thank you, Shirone.'

It's not a choice anyone can make.

It was like asking a climber who had reached the top of Mount Tai to fly in the sky this time.

'It will be difficult, but you have to lead.'

As Amanta joined them on their way to Kashan, Mi Nerva swung her jet and approached them.

"Should I jump?"

Without the ability of material, it was unreasonable for even the five great stars of the world to fall from space.

"Jump in Corona Kingdom."

"But the terminal in Kashan must have been occupied by demons and sealed off?"

"You can go to Molton Kingdom. From there, head north to Kashan's capital. Two hours would be enough for us."

'It's dangerous... ...

Minerva, who was watching Kashan's war situation, hid her inner feelings and trembled.

"Isn't Shirone going to finish everything like this?"

Fried snorted.

"It's an army of 10 million people. It's Harvey that <Slaughter> is aiming for, but there is a limit to its durability. Besides, there is Amon, the commander of the 7th Corps."

That was the most worrisome part.

"The commanders of the 1st through 10th corps are direct descendants of Satan. In any case, it should be regarded as conforming to the Five Stars. It's not at a level where you can do anything while breaking through an army of 10 million."

They were the essence of the Ten Commandments of chaos, the illogical demon born from Satan.

<Law Kill> cried.

Because the speed was so fast, it seemed that the cries could be heard from all directions, and the demons were mesmerized.

"what's this! this... ...

Without knowing how he had been beaten, the demon with a hole in his chest fell to the floor with a thump.

The eyes of Shirone, who followed him, shone.

'see.'

Emperor Aganos of Kashan.

However, the problem was that the number of enemies increased as they approached.

'The dagger's durability is reaching its limit.'

Although it is attacking the weakest part according to the law, it has already penetrated more than 100,000 muscles.

"Aww! Save me, live......r

A shock wave exploded with a thud from inside the camp of the demons retreating in groups.

"Kuee!"

As the demons were torn to pieces, dust spread in a radius of tens of meters.

"The pitiful things."

Division commander Volkaino.

It was a demon with four thick arms and lower fangs that reached up to the cheekbones.

"Don't run away! It's just a weapon made of iron! If you kill and kill, it will eventually break!"

The confusion of the demons disappeared at once.

"You will die! Worship Satan with death! You are showing the abominable Yahweh an example!"

As Volcaino's demonic energy spread, 300,000 soldiers glared at Shirone at the same time.

For an ordinary human being, it was so hostile that even that alone would take their breath away.

'He's a strong guy.'

Even now <Slaughter> was killing the demons, but no one escaped anymore.

"yes! You are afraid of Yahweh! This is the devil's shame! Attack!"

When the brigade commander shouted, the switches of the demons were turned on in perfect order along the chain of command.

"Kill!"

There were so many enemies that Shirone, who ran without looking back, had no time to squeeze through.

It was like seeing a group of mayflies, and the moment they formed a sphere around Shirone, a curtain of light spread out.

'Multiple width.'

The demons were crushed with a roar, but the number of enemies seemed infinite to feel.

'There is no end!'

Fireballs flew from the sky, and ice thorns attacked Shirone as they wrapped around the ground like a torrent.

Lightning and gale, heat and poison were mixed, thousands of tridents and tens of thousands of arrows rained down.

The one-sided bombing, where counterattacks were unthinkable, was a characteristic of the demons who did not even care about the death of their allies.

'stop!'

Time stopped, and all demons within a radius of 2 km stopped moving.

'Where do I start?'

As soon as he finished thinking, the scenery shook and 12 people in black rose from the ground.

time without law.

They were the priests of hell who showed up in the gap of 0.666 seconds per second.

"We are Shiok. Ruler of the prison of time. Yahweh, I have come to ask for your forgiveness."

"Forgiveness?"

Shirone asked coldly.

"I will give you anything you want. So why don't you just let go of your anger?"

'It must have been like this.'

It reminded me of Mortasinger, the terrorist of the world beauty pageant, disappearing right in front of my eyes.

"All I want is for all demons to repent."

"Available."

"no."

With these sweet whispers, Mortasinger was dragged to hell.

"You guys deserve some punishment." She spoke in a muddy voice unlike Si-ok's before.

"Don't try, Yahweh. The world is already evil."

The 12 priests who opened the black booklets began to sing a vicious dirge.

"AA AA AA."

Twelve people slipped away and fell outside the radius of the stop magic.

The roar of the enemies caught in the air exploded again, and despite the stop magic, the attack was poured out.

"this!"

In order to evade, there was no choice but to cancel the magic, and the flash of space movement soared into the sky.

"There! Catch it!"

When he first deviated from the trajectory that traveled the shortest distance to Aganos, the demons chased after him.

'I'll stop it for now!'

The light of Yahweh flowed along the body, and the ground crumpled into a whirlpool around Shirone.

"Keew!"

The demons, whose legs were crushed, struggled with both hands with only their upper bodies sticking out.

Fire was put out with water, lightning was melted with iron, and the thorns of ice were melted with flames.

'Separate.'

When the name of Yahweh was commanded, the earth split in two and thousands of demons fell.

'Close up.'

Koo-goo-goo-goo!

Goosebumps pierced through the cracks in the ground that gradually narrowed, and a shrieking sound jumped out.

"Keeeh!"

Yahweh's sword was the only thing that blocked Nane's attack called the sermon.

There were over two hundred types of attacks, but none of them could harm Shirone.

'I can hold on.'

Shirone, defending with Yahweh's power, collected the <Dharma Kill> that was trampling everywhere.

Again, the length of the blade is cut in half.

'If you pierce the armor in this state, it will break.' That was exactly what Volcaino was aiming for, and having achieved the desired result, he charged forward.

"Yahweh! Is it just this much?"

Shirone firmly gripped the handle of <Swordsman>.

'Material Earl!'

As the black substance was synthesized, it was united in <Math> and changed into the shape of a gigantic monster.

I can live by name.

'This is all it takes.'

Even if the blade wears out, Shirone's anger will not dull.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The sprinkler equipped with the <Law Kill> as an engine burst out at Volcaino with a scream.

"By the power of Satan!"

The moment Volcaino's eyes were wide open as he grabbed the head of the killer with four arms.

"This, this... ... !"

The impact was so powerful that even the essence of the demon was shaken, crushing the bones of the whole body.

"Ugh, ugh!"

Volcaino's body exploded.

"Sigh. Sigh."

10,000 troops gathered around Shirone, who exhaled heavily and regained consciousness.

However, in front of the black monster that exudes an exciting energy, no one could approach it.

'It's not easy after all.'

Shirone climbed on the back of the watering can and looked at Aganos.

The face of the killer who sucked the wrath of Yahweh was stretched like a blade.

"let's go."

At the same time as the water spray spurred the ground, a hole was punched through the siege net.

"damn! Chase!"

The demons belatedly prepared to follow, but Shirone had already passed through the outer gate of the capital.

'Wait, Harbitz!'

"Come this way!"

Carrying Uorin on his back, Kido ran down the complicated road toward the place where Pungzhang guided him.

'I can escape if I go a little further.' Just when they thought they could see hope, a ruthless murder took over the two of them.

"Keugh!"

As Uorin rolled on the floor, risking injury, black afterimages cut through the air.

'I will die just by living.'

Kido looked back at Uorin.

" It's fine?"

"... ... uh."

Even so, Uorin saved her life, but when she heard her voice, she was in a dangerous situation.

A demonic swordsman in black armor was standing where Kido raised his head.

"What else are you?"

His legs trembled spontaneously at the qualitatively different presence from the demons he had fought so far.

"Amon, Commander of the 7th Corps."

A light of despair flashed in Uorin's eyes.

'It's finally moving.'

"Protect the Empress!"

The 20 wind chiefs who were leading them gathered from the sky and rushed towards Amon.

Moving like a storm, they created a body curtain and swung their swords like mad.

The air vibrated, and the darkness created by the overlapping of afterimages gradually became transparent, revealing Amon's appearance.

"damn??????

The wind jang of 20 people was turned into pieces and fell to the floor.

"That's my weak point."

Amon drew his sword and approached.

"I'm not trying to hide my life."

That's why Kido lived, but the words of Fungjang who approached Amon were miserable.

"Are you the queen?"

Uorin glared at Amon.

"How did you find me?"

The answer came from behind Amon.

"Do you know why I followed Kashan and not Zetaro?"

Sumodo, who walked away with a sneer, pointed to his own eyes and said.

"I need my eyes to find the runaway rat."

It was an ability at the time of indecision.

"It's unfortunate. Even if he had to abandon the empire, he would have hated being caught by us. What are you going to do now? Are you going to commit suicide here?"

"I am not dying."

If he was going to die just because his body was broken, he would not have abandoned 1 billion people.

'Shirone, please... ...

If only I could see him one more time.

"It's been a while, Empress."

Amon and Sumodo opened the way at the same time, and Habits, covered in blood, appeared.

'Havitz!'

Uorin's teeth were grinding.





Participation in the war (3)


The elite soldiers of the 7th Corps of Hell's Army were guarding the entrance to Aganos, the imperial castle.

"Kill him."

Gando, who was already seriously injured, stared at the enemies while lying on the wall.

"Kill?"

Vulcan walked through the demons.

"Do you see such an honor in you?"

Although the throne was inherited, there would be no one in Kashan who considered Gando as emperor.

'Until we catch Uorin, we must keep him alive.'

"Damn it... ...

Realizing the miserable reality, Gando leaned against the wall and looked up at the sky.

'Mother.'

It was strange how she didn't hold grudges even in the face of death.

'That is the emperor.'

A person who is born with the same life and enjoys everything that others cannot have, but takes it for granted.

'I'll never be able to do that.'

Did Uorin escape safely?

'Smodo went. It's only a matter of time before we pursue them.'

Poongjang and Kido followed, but Amon and the demons had a different temperament from the other corps commanders.

'It's not just strong. something strange... ...

Before Jiando could think, a strange noise came from the outer wall of the capital.

Aaaaang!

The elite soldiers of the Asmodians trembled involuntarily at the echo that echoed through the sky.

"what?"

Vulcan looked back.

Although it is not yet visible, the seriousness of the crowd deception was able to be seen.

"Sick. What the hell is this?"

Crowd flag is a huge flow that reads each will on the battlefield in an integrated manner.

And the current that the Balkans are seeing was a form that could only be seen in the event of a natural disaster.

'Did a volcano explode?'

Even so, it was impossible for the crowd of demons to be so frightened.

'It's not a disaster. It's a feeling.'

anger.

Huge emotions were approaching, swallowing up the demons' speculation like a tsunami.

"Leave only the escorts and deploy all of them. Whatever it is, never let it come this far."

excellent judgment.

Being able to read the flow of the battlefield has such a powerful advantage.

But after a while, Vulcan realized the illusion.

'It transcended the realm of emotion.'

As the image of the crowd was realized, Balkan's head gradually rose to the sky.

'Is this enough? No, it's bigger.' The shape of the monster cannot be captured even with the sky as the background.

'More thorough.'

It was armed with a strong will that could not be broken by anything.

the adjutant shouted.

"Soldier! there!"

When Vulcan hurriedly lowered his head, the reality of the huge illusion came into his eyes.

A sprinkler equipped with the <Law Kill> as an engine was running towards this place with Shirone on his back.

The black thorns were stretched out like spears, and the demons burst out at the same time as the collision.

'Can you stop it?'

Looking back later, a pitiful question that would make you blush came to Balkan's head.

"Shit!"

If they had been able to stop it in the first place, such an abnormal crowd would not have been read.

Shirone shouted at the castle.

"Havitz-!"

As Elysion's spirit cast multiple beams, a curtain of light overlapped in all directions.

"Keuek! Kkeke!"

The bones of the demons were randomly twisted and turned into chunks of meat like crumpled paper.

'I can't stop that.'

Vulcan shouted while riding on the beast's back.

"I will go to His Majesty! Guide me!"

The demon with wings set out to find Havitz, and Vulcan kicked the demon's side with his foot.

"run! There is no time!"

My stomach groaned as if I was about to vomit.

'Let's stay calm. Habits don't die.' No matter how many dice are rolled, no matter how much arrows rain down, no matter how powerful the enemy is in your way.

'The death itself doesn't happen!'

Then, what is the terrifying mob still chasing the Balkans?

Aaaaang!

When I turned my head to the monster's hallucinations, darkness as sharp as an awl encroached on my surroundings.

'The law.'

Power went into Balkan's eyes.

'The law is changing.'

Yahweh is also useless without Buddha?

'I came in after eating Buddha! this is my way... ... !'

This is dangerous.

'Is it the so-called whirlwind? They must not like what we're doing.'

The law of the world and the chaos of Habitz were in a power struggle over one future.

'I can't tell. I can't guarantee this.'

The Witchbeast who burned the Vulcan moved his feet even faster.

"Kiddo!"

Amon's blow knocked Kido against the wall with a bang.

"Huh."

I struggled to stand up, but my legs trembled because the shock had pierced my body.

"It's fine. I can still hold on." It was a lie.

'Really strong. It's impossible for me alone. The 80 remaining Fungzhangs were currently traveling around the capital looking for an escape route.

'I have to buy time.'

"That's strange."

said Amon, slung the sword over his shoulder.

"I've killed a lot of guys who look like you. Did you say goblin? They had a lot more guts than humans." "But you must hate humans? No, was it food? But why do you protect humans?"

Why?

I came to Kashan after receiving Uorin's offer, but there was no reason to stay aboard the sinking shipwreck.

'Why am I fighting for this woman?'

Humans are food for goblins.

No matter what kind of clothes or ornaments they were decorated with, it was just a wrapping paper that wrapped the meat in the end.

'It's like the height of pretense.'

To Kido, who is all about feeding and breeding, Urin's life is absurdly splendid and splendid... ... .

'Do you know what he can be? You know what to eat and pack! How is it different from other animals?'

It was so beautiful.

'I dare to put a dog collar on the goblin king.'

Occasionally, when she was bored, Uorin would play with a rope around Kido's neck.

- Kido, look at meongmeong, meongmeong.

Actually, it wasn't too bad.

'That's just what being human is, well. I was dumbfounded so I stayed quiet. what fun is that... ...

Kido smiled bitterly when he remembered Uorin crawling on his stomach.

'Damn it.'

Guess I'll have to die here.

"Kiyi!"

As Kido rolled on the floor and invoked the Avatar, an illusion unfolded in which the ground swayed like a swamp.

'After tying it up with the Earth Binding Command... ... !'

With Amon's legs stuck to the ground, Kido thrust the spear straight ahead.

'It stabs the heart!'

As Amon grabbed the blade, the iron glove clicked and sparks flew.

"Do you still have strength left? Give up. You cannot surpass me with your skills."

The corners of Kidou's mouth went up.

"Is it really so?"

Incarnation - mastery of sources.

The spearhead, which he had been firmly holding on to, began to advance little by little, ignoring his physical strength.

"This??????

"Nothing to touch."

The blade's atoms sliced ??through Amon's atoms until they finally reached the pit of the stomach.

"Keuuugh!"

Amon's face crumpled in embarrassment.

'Caught.'

The moment he pierced through Amon's armor with confidence, a terrifying feeling swept over Kido.

'what?'

An indescribably twisted demonic energy was being transmitted through the window.

"Kuaaa!"

Amon, who broke the siege and threw himself, thrust his sword into Kido's abdomen.

"Ouch!"

Following the escaping sword, Kido, who shook his shoulders, grabbed his stomach and knelt down.

"It's quite. To hurt my demonic body directly. I'm sure it's more than enough for a division commander."

Kido, who fell face down on the ground, scratched the floor with his fingernails in excruciating pain.

'Damn it!'

Even Kido collapsed, and the blood drained from Uorin's face.

"Is it over now?"

Habitz moved on nonchalantly.

"Is this the first time since we met in the temple? I was indebted to before. It came almost to the top of my neck, but it was a pity."

He knew that the black man who tried to kill Havitsu using <Law Kill> was Uorin.

And as a result, he became Satan at the cost of the person he loved most.

'Habits. villainy. chaos.'

Uorin's shoulders trembled as she felt the demonic energy emanating from Havitz.

It felt like being eaten by a giant snake.

"What do you think I will do to you? lets think. What do you think?"

'Everything you can do.'

But what really scared me was that whatever I could imagine would transcend it.

'I can't die like this.'

From the beginning of human history until now, it was a life that he endured only to meet Shirone.

Havits, who was looking at Uorin's resolute eyes after she had finished her resolution, searched for her arms.

"But now I wonder what that means."

A look of bewilderment appeared on Woorin's face.

"So let's make sense. Who is stronger between you and me?"

Harbitz took out two hexahedral dice and threw them at Uorin's feet.

The number on the die is 3 by adding 2 and 1.

"Roll it. If a number higher than me comes up, I die, and if a number comes out lower than me, you die."

The odds were very favorable for Uorin, but her face went white as she looked down at the dice.

If you added 1 and 1 to get 2, you would definitely throw it.

'It's over.'

No matter what humiliation she suffered, as long as she had her life attached, she would be able to meet Shirone.

'I don't even care about human pleasure anymore. I can't be satisfied with that.'

What Havitz wanted from Wu-Lin wasn't just physical pain.

'I can't win.'

Even if you don't roll the dice, you can already see through the future what side will come out

was going

"Roll it. Before I just kill them."

As Uorin's face showed a look of despair, Kido gritting his teeth and stood up.

"Don't talk nonsense."

"Your height?... "

"I can still hold on. If you wait until the wind blows... ... Gagging!"

A bowl of blood poured from Kido's mouth.

Havitz, who confirmed that all he had to do was wait for death, pulled out his knife and said,

"This is your last chance."

Uorin slowly bent down and held out her hand toward the dice.

'The moment I roll this dice... ... i die

For no will can change the chaos outside the law.

'The only way... ...

To follow the will of chaos.

Uorin stopped moving and knelt on the ground.

"Help me."

Kido opened his eyes wide at the unexpected situation.

"you... ...

"I was wrong. Please forgive me for being rude so far."

Kido's face twisted.

'What are you doing? Why are you begging for your life from that bastard? Aren't you the most noble woman in the world?

Harvits asked.

"Why?"

Uorin raised her head.

"I have someone I love. I would like to meet that person. Please have mercy......

"stand up!"

Kido vomited blood and shouted.

"I mean stand up! I will never let you die! I said I'd protect you somehow!" Sumodo said.

"It's great to let go of your pride, but that doesn't change anything. No matter how much I beg... ...

Harvits stopped talking.

"Love?"

" your majesty."

Uorin looked up into Harbitz's eyes.

'Cold and scary pupils of chaos.'

Translated into human emotions, absolute solitude was nailed to his pupils.





Participation (4)


'What is evil?'

Is chaos, is it even lonely?

A being who cannot communicate with anyone outside the law and cannot even understand himself.

Because he is so lonely, even if he kills the whole world, he will not feel the inspiration.

"I say I love you? who? This goblin?"

In terms of whether a human can love a beast, it was a question that only Havitz could ask.

"This is Shirone."

Sadness crept into Kido's eyes.

"Shirone?"

Sumodo said.

"This is the Wizard of the Ivory Tower I mentioned before. The Balkans define him as the fraternity of this world."

"Oh, that guy. Hmm."

Harvits looked up at the sky.

What are you thinking?

Did the word love even bring to mind Abella, whom he had killed with his own hands?

Wu Lin shook her head.

'no. I have no idea.'

Chaos is like that.

Everyone attaches meaning to Havitz's actions, but in reality, it is random coincidences that move him.

"Why did you do that?"

Harbitz lifted Uorin's chin with the tip of his toe.

"Did you think that because you were the Three Emperors, because you were the Empress of Kashan, you could defeat me? Did you really think you were stronger than me?" I thought there was a chance of winning.

However, when he came to the future that Havitz had reached, he realized how futile his hopes were.

'You're almost there? gibberish.' Even if <Law Killing> pursued Havitz to the bottom of his chin, a failure would be just a failure.

'Probabilities are meaningless to Havitz.'

This is because even with a 0.()1 percent probability, the one who exists through it is Havitz.

'A monster created by the universe.'

Uorin defined Habitz as such.

"I didn't know the subject. i can't beat you Please have mercy on me."

Wu Lin said with sincerity.

"I want to live."

There had never been such a servile moment in Theraje's life, but there was no resentment.

'This is defeat. That's all.' This world is structured so that no one can win, and in the extreme, there was only one winner.

Taeraje was close to the peak, but he just couldn't jump over the last barrier.

'Currently, the one who rules the world is Harvey Tsu.'

Harvits said.

"Okay, I'll save you."

Uorin raised her head, but Havits turned away, disinterested.

"let's go."

Sumodo asked in bewilderment.

"Where are you going?"

"To another battlefield. Shouldn't you finish conquering the world before I call you back?"

Who the hell is calling Harvitz?

"I am going to the Central Continent. Here, tell Vulcan to take care of it. Do you like things like this?"

When Havitz blew a whistle, the magical beast that had been orbiting the sky quickly landed on the ground.

He boarded the wide back, pointed at Uorin right before taking off and said.

"work hard. Enjoy it."

In the position where her life was saved by the strongest enemy in her life, Uorin felt an indescribable bizarre feeling.

"Why... ...

Even if I threw away my pride, as a woman with the name Theraje, I couldn't help but ask.

"Are you saving me?"

Shame set in.

"You were my biggest enemy. It's because of me that her wife died. Why?"

"You said you wanted to live?"

The simpler the answer, the more complex the thought.

"I am the Empress of Kashan. It might hit you in the back later and also say, "I don't know what you're talking about."

Harvits was indifferent.

"It doesn't matter whether it's the queen or not. After all, no one is stronger than me. If you hit me in the back, it's enough to fight again."

The pinnacle of self-exaggeration.

Since it is good and evil defined by humans, he does not even know whether what he is doing is good or evil.

The chaos itself is atrocious.

"It was fun. hi."

Wu Orin was lost in thought while Sumodo stared blankly at the beast that was moving away across the sky.

'hi? Did you say it was fun?'

What is this world to Havitz?

At that moment, the fragmentary information remaining in Theraje's vast database came to mind.

'Maclein Guffin.'

It has already been erased and I don't even remember it.

However, according to the delusion-like memories that popped up the moment I heard Havitz's words... ... .

'It was fun. hi.'

I wondered if these were the last words of Guffin before leaving the photon field.

'It must be an illusion.'

She couldn't even remember what she had said, even though she had a background on Guffin.

'But why did I have this thought?'

if true.

'If there is a god.'

Are you really interested in this world?

If this world we live in is nothing more than one of infinite creations.

'Havitz... ...

Rather, he must have been the closest human being to God.

"Don't think it's over yet." Sumodo drew her sword and approached.

"His Majesty saved you, but in order to end this war, your throat must be cut... ...

"Sumodooooo!"

As soon as Vulcan, who came running with bloodshot eyes, stopped the beast, he looked around.

"Habits! Where is Harvits?" Sumodo frowned and said.

"I'm gone. They said they left for another battlefield without killing the empress. What are you thinking?"

Balkan had his eyes on Uorin.

Judging by the fact that she was kneeling, he let out a long sigh.

"Ha, that's it. It's done now."

Even if arrows rain in front of your eyes, the future where you can catch Havitz does not unfold.

'It was a hair's breadth.'

That's why Shirone's law, which forced Havitz to leave eight kilometers away, was all the more terrible.

'The difference between 1 centimeter and 8 kilometers. That should be seen as the strength of the current law of Shirone.' Vulcan pretended to ride to Sumodo.

"let's go. Leave this to the army of Hell and follow Havitz. You better avoid this place."

The fact that Habitz left Kashan at all was like a prophecy that a cataclysm would unfold here sooner or later.

As Sumodo boarded the beast, Vulcan grabbed the reins and spoke to Amon.

"Stop Yahweh by any means and methods."

"Yahweh??????

Amon, who already knew that the Demons of the 7th Corps were being slaughtered, immediately turned around.

As everyone left, Wu Orin thought with the unconscious Kido lying on his lap.

'Shirone, you came.'

I missed you.

"The Empress."

Twenty wind chimes spun rapidly around her, raising the sound of the wind.

"I found a weak spot. We will see you."

Wu Lin shook her head.

"I'm going back to the Hwangseong. Since it's not yet captured, there should be a member of the council. Cure Kido."

"But... ...

"I must see the end of this war."

Aaaaang!

Finally, Shirone's weapon 'Salsu' entered the Hwangseong.

The demons exploded whenever the engine of <Law Murder>, which was sourced from Yahweh's anger, moved the water cannon.

Shouts of terror were heard on all sides, but there was not a single voice of repentance.

'why!'

I want to ask you, human.

Shouldn't we stop thinking right now and practice love?

'impossible.'

For as long as there is even one evil, good is a stupid, pitiful, and inefficient instrument.

"Aaaaaaa!"

So people think of evil methodology as the prerogative of the cool, smart, and enlightened.

'therefore... ... Are you satisfied now?'

Then, in a world where absolute evil has descended, why do humans shed bloody tears and cry out for help?

'I can forgive you. I'll save you.'

But sometimes.

'It's not too late now! Save the people next to you! Then we can win!'

Even his screaming voice was like an empty echo, and he was terribly angry.

"Uhhh...

Shirone's shout.

Aaaaang!

It turned into a roar of water and exploded the surrounding demons in an instant.

"Yahweh!"

With a loud shout, Amon, clad in black iron armor, collided head-on with the waterspout.

"Great!" Holding the splinter of the watering can with both hands, he pressed it down to the ground, and his pile of dirt began to grow exponentially.

"Is that????

Shirone narrowed her eyes at the situation where the engine of <Law Killing> was resisting for the first time.

'It's the corps commander.'

As he did not loosen his posture even after being pushed several tens of meters away, the water was finally buried deep in the ground.

"Quack. Is it just this, Yahweh?" Uorin arrived at the spire of Aganos riding a wind jang, surveying the battlefield as soon as she landed.

"Shirone... ...

I have no doubts about the ability of the five great stars of the Ivory Tower, but Amon's ability, which I saw with my own eyes, surpassed those of the stars.

"Die, Yahweh!"

As Amon swung his sword at great speed, Shirone cast teleportation and retreated.

"this?... "

In an instant, Amon caught up on the street and swung his sword to decapitate Shirone.

1 second to here.

"Die, Yahweh!"

The same incident was repeated.

As Shirone's learning of the same incident began, the number of responses increased exponentially.

'Stop it!'

Dead.

'We strike back!'

Dead.

With each experience accumulated, Shirone's reaction became faster.

'I found a counterattack route!'

And when I finally broke through the 2,000th car, I could see the sword's trajectory with my own eyes.

' weird.'

For Amon, it was one second.

'It's no coincidence. This is a certain skill.'

I couldn't say for sure what it was, but I could feel a strange jolt in Shirone's movements.

'It's not a physics-based movement. I can't move like this. yeah, it's like... ...

It feels like a single movement has been broken down countless times and only the best feelings have been stitched together.

That's why I didn't think it was human even though it was a human moving.

When I saw the movement of a whopping 12,000 experiences accumulated, it felt like the world was rocking like oil.

'Right.'

Amon realized.

'So Satan... ... After about 40,000 lessons, Shirone seized the opportunity to strike.

'Certainly strong.'

In terms of swordsmanship, it was not far behind Fried.

A photon cannon with the strongest power was fired.

'It ends here!'

Clear direct flash.

But to Amon, it felt like a disgusting bend coming in through all the events.

About 98,000 times.

It was the number of times Shirone learned to get the current result.

"Keugh!"

As the photon cannon slammed into Amon's abdomen, his armor exploded before he could even push himself.

"Kuaaaaa!"

Numerous demons collided and bounced off Amon's body as he screamed and was pushed away.

Aaaaaang!

The moment he crashed into the wall, a roar erupted, and all the demons in the middle of the battle stopped moving.

"Brigade commander... ...

It was something that could never happen to the limbs who followed Amon through the battlefield.

Shirone let out a rough breath and glared at the pile of stones where Amon was buried.

'I couldn't penetrate it.'

The durability of the body was different from that of other creatures.

"it's okay! can win!"

Uorin, who was watching the battle from the spire of Aganos, clenched her fists in joy.

"If only the corps commander is defeated... ...

At that time, vibrations were felt from the ground, and at last, the entire imperial castle began to shake.

"Queen! Evacuate!" Fengzhang shouted, but Wulin's eyes didn't look away from the place where Amon was impaled.

'It's over there.'

Something terrible was brewing.





Warfare (5)


Amon, who was buried under the rubble of a building, appeared by lifting a rock the size of a house.

"Quack."

The area hit by the photon cannon was deeply dented, and all the surrounding bones were protruding.

"Abominable Yahweh."

He lightly tossed the huge wreckage and spread his arms with his tattered body.

"Do you know who I am?" In the stillness, Amon's voice resounded magnificently.

"I am hell."

Numbers 1 through 10.

The direct lineage of Satan is special because it goes beyond the realm of an individual and is close to a system.

They are called the 10 plagues of Satan.

The demons call the catastrophe the Devil System, the Demon World, and once the Demon World is opened, the individual's consciousness completely disappears.

'Does it matter?'

it will be a disaster

"Resent your foolishness." When the Pandemonium was opened, worm-like tentacles pierced through Amon's skin and wriggled.

The demons fled in fright at the sight of them proliferating and growing at a terrifying rate.

"The Pandemonium has opened!"

On the other hand, the humans watched in awe, unaware of the impending disaster.

"I-what is that?"

Kurleung! Kurleung!

Amon's legs took root and penetrated the ground, extending in all directions.

The building collapsed like a domino, and the proliferation of the main body increased as fast as the roots expanded.

Uorin's head turned toward the sky.

"Oh my gosh... ...

A tree large enough to dominate Kashan's capital was growing, twisting its black trunk.

A hole was drilled along the trunk, and tens of thousands of mouths of different shapes and sizes opened simultaneously.

"Huhhhhh!"

Uorin's shoulders trembled at the sound that was not in the world.

'That's obviously... ...

Demon beast Argantis.

According to Theraze's memory, it was a long time ago that the Magyesu descended into the world.

The era when dragons and angels were in conflict.

Magyesu destroyed 7 ancient nations and sought endless expansion.

No one cared about humanity, which was still in its infancy.

In the end, humans were able to defeat the disaster after organizing a world allied force and killing a third of mankind.

'It's different now. But... ...

Looking at Argantis climbing through the clouds, I thought that there was no future anymore.

"Oh God."

The humans who gave up even running away knelt down one by one and prayed.

It was the only thing I could do.

"Huhhhhh!"

The sound the demon made was truly terrifying, but Shirone was imagining something more than that.

'No creature can be this big.'

This is because planetary energy is limited.

'thus... ...

The Demonic Beast, which took root in Kashan's capital, sucked in all the energy from the ground.

"God, please let me... ... Gagging!" At the same time, the dehydrated humans collapsed on the spot, drying up like mummies.

The bottom of the building was covered with sand, and a rumbling and collapsing sound could be heard from all directions.

The number of deaths is approximately 20,000.

Even more terrifying was the fact that the Magyesu, which sucked up nutrients, was gradually increasing in size.

"Damn it!"

Shirone spread his wings and rushed in. Although the situation at the Ivory Tower was unknown, it was certain that Taeseong's condition would not be normal.

'Angel's Punishment!'

He raised the incarnation of the light angel to the maximum, but it was not even 1/100 of the number of demons.

bang! bang! bang! bang!

The window of light crashed down without a break.

'He doesn't even budge!'

The base of the demonic tree, which was 20 kilometers in diameter, looked like a barrier to Shirone.

"Huhhhhh!"

second absorption.

Tens of thousands of humans were turned into mummies again, and the ground covering the entire Kashan capital collapsed.

Pusssss!

A dust cloud the size of a city rose, blocking Shirone's vision.

'If left as it is, the world will end.' Demon beast Argantis.

It was a system equivalent to drought among Satan's 10 plagues.

'We have to get rid of it before it's too late!'

If it was a technical difficulty, it would be covered by learning, but in this case it was meaningless.

"Kill Yahweh!"

The voices of demons were heard in the dust.

As they fluttered their wings and retreated, the clouds cleared and the flying demons attacked in droves.

'Ataraxia!'

The amplified information accumulated in an instant unfolded in a huge circle in front of Shirone's eyes.

The Photon Cannon passed through Ataraxia right before the demons filled their eyesight and threw their spears.

"Kiaaaaa... ...

The flash fired with a roar wiped out the demons and hit the trunk of Argantis.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The flash, amplified with the highest output, moved horizontally and scratched the trunk of the demon beast.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

'You can't do this! More, stronger!'

People crouched down and covered their heads as the sound of an explosion from Argantis shook the heavens and the earth.

"Huh! Whoa!"

I felt like I was already in hell.

The energy of amplification disappeared when the flash of the Photon Cannon moved about 10 kilometers.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

The tree that had been grooved by the shock wave of the flash began to lean sideways under its weight.

"T-fall down!"

As the top tilted 15 degrees, black branches vomited from the mouth on the back.

"Kwaeeeeeeee!"

Hundreds of thousands of black branches extended from the direction of fall to support the weight.

It was fast, but in the eyes of Shirone from afar, it just looked slow, which made it all the more disgusting.

"Huhhhhh!"

The argantis, which took root in a position as if touching the ground with one hand, sucked in nutrients again.

As the ground sank further down, the imperial castle Aganos shook precariously.

"Queen! We must go now!"

Wu Lin, who was guided by Fengzhang and flew up into the sky, shuddered at the sight of the ground.

The whole city was drying up.

"Huh!"

Taeseong knelt down in the temple of the earth, where no one was there, and hugged him with his arms.

It felt like drawing blood with dozens of syringes at the same time whenever the planet's nutrients were sucked.

'I can't do it. I have to stop it.'

As Gaia's incarnation, she has the ability to block the planet's energy cycle.

However, stopping the giant planet's engine was a last resort.

Not only does it take time to circulate again, but many places rot in the meantime.

'It's easy to destroy, but difficult to restore. I can still hold on. Tae-seong's shoulders were still trembling.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The planet's energy was sucked out with a suction force twice as strong as before.

"Quickly, quickly..." In Taeseong's eyes, who checked the ground with a haggard face, he saw the four Daeseongs rushing quickly.

As the demons were slashed by Freed's blow, Kashan's capital came into view.

No, can it be called a human city?

"Damn it! Is that the corps commander?" Civilization had disappeared, and only a huge, black tree stood crookedly.

Said Minerva, who rode a jet and flew next to the running Freed.

"No, that is a phenomenon. disaster. It's the demonic system you said it didn't matter."

Fried gritted his teeth.

"... ... Okay, so stop grinding."

said Amanta, who was sitting cross-legged on the spinning world wheel.

"Since there is no Buddha, there are things like that. What are you going to do anyway? It's a little too much to do by force."

Certainly, there seemed to be no easy way to solve it other than Nane's sermon.

"What can I do? Gotta try it. Let's find a way after joining Shirone."

"There is a way." Thing, with dozens of afterimages attached to his tail, approached as he was standing.

"If it is my law, the growth of the demon tree can be suppressed for a while. Then blockade the capital and blow it up."

"Let's blow up the city? Where do you get the firepower?"

Amanta agreed.

"World wheel. The firepower should be sufficient at the expense of the city's population."

"Shirone won't allow it?" said Fried.

"The bigger the number of demons, the more troublesome it is. How much sacrifice do you have to make? Aren't they all dying anyway?"

"It's not a matter of numbers." Sing said while the five great stars remained silent.

"I will try to convince Shirone. If you don't follow us, we have no choice but to fight each other."

When they finally penetrated the city, a different level of hell spread out compared to what they had seen from afar.

"Kkoaaaaa!"

People were drying up every moment, and the sky above the buildings was filled with demons.

"Shirone!"

Minerva increased the jet's thrust and soared into the sky.

"Mr. Minerva!"

Shirone, who was struggling alone, looked back at her with a tired face.

"How is it?"

"No matter how much I pour, it's useless. Even if it is shocked, it sucks up nutrients and recovers."

Minerva looked over at Thing and said.

"There is one way. Go down for a while and sing... ...

"I know how."

Shirone said without taking her eyes off Argantis.

"But you can't stop it that way. No, you can't win against demons."

"This isn't the time to argue about that."

"Listen."

To Shirone's words, Minerva listened quietly.

A whispered voice escaped from the countless mouths of Argantis.

"I want to eat. I want to eat more."

"I will eat. I will grow up won't give it to anyone Only me, only me, only me!"

Minerva gulped at the many voices hidden in the screams.

"It is a demon created by humans. If I turn the world wheel and destroy the city, that monster will surely disappear... ...

The hatred of the people who were sacrificed here will become demons again and bring even greater disasters.

"I agree with that statement."

Suddenly, Thing was approaching.

"But it is also true that if we cannot block it now, we will have to pay a bigger sacrifice. This is the best option."

Shirone bit his lip.

"There are ways to destroy the city without sacrificing humans."

Shirone turned to Thing.

"How long can you last?"

"At the current size... ... Maybe about five minutes?"

Fried shouted as he slashed the huge roots exposed above the ground with his sword.

"Whatever it is, do it quickly! Keep growing!"

Any further thought was a luxury.

"Please leave it to me. I'll try."

As Shirone and Minerva descended to the surface, Thing looked at Argantis.

"... ... It is an illusion."

With her eyes on the demonic number that revealed the size of her imagination into reality, she slowly raised her hand.

"Forbid drinking. It inhibits predation and inhibits digestion. Forbids activity, forbids freedom."

The law of Singh began to crush the law of Argantis.

"Huhhhh!"

cringe cringe

When the nutrients were suddenly cut off, the huge branches twisted viciously, like bones breaking.

"blast furnace??????

Thing said, holding out the bracelet he was wearing on his wrist.

"I forbid all of you."

law, enforcement.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" Those who lost their minds due to the screams that came out of the demon's mouth all at once appeared one after another.

"Big."

Law is a seesaw game.

Singh's face was also slightly wrinkled by Argantis' miserable struggle.

While fighting the demons, Minerva looked at the situation.

'Anyway, I bought some time. But in what way is that monster O...'

She looked back at Shirone and her eyes widened.

'Ataraxia!'

With a huge magic circle floating above her head, Shirone frowned and calculated something.

"no way??????

Shirone's eyes widened.

'It's here!'

A huge red beam soared at the speed of light, piercing the sky and reaching into space.

As mass condensed at high altitudes, a grayish spear with a mass of 10 tons began to form.

"Shining Spear!"

Gaold called it divine punishment.

On the brink (1)

Lasers that passed through Ataraxia penetrated the atmosphere and transmitted information to an altitude of 6,000 km.

The power generated when a mass of more than 10 tons fell to the ground was enough to devastate a city.

It was such a dangerous magic that even Syrone, the magic developer, had cast it only once, in heaven.

'What are you going to do?'

Watching Shirone shoot the laser, Minerva tilted her head.

The shock force generated at the moment God's punishment falls will not be at a level that humans can withstand.

'Then it's the same after all, right?'

Shirone focused all her attention on the sky.

'It's not magic that you can't control.'

Just another disaster.

Although it had unprecedented destructive power, it was the reason Shirone hadn't taken it out until now.

'It's different now.'

A spear tipped toward the ground due to the information accumulated in space. The difference from before is that a triangular-shaped seeker was installed in the middle of the spear.

Three lines of lasers were fired from the seeker.

"That's it!"

Mi Nerva, who climbed above the clouds in a jet, checked the laser penetrating the atmosphere.

'Laser guidance device.'

Looking down, the Law of Singh had a red dot on the top of the argantis, which I couldn't quite figure out.

'It must have been a huge mental drain.'

Shooting up itself is a trigger, so there is no problem.

However, in order to attach a seeker to God's Punishment, the Spirit Zone must operate at 6,000 kilometers in the sky.

Literally everything, the final blow.

'But with this, precision strikes became possible. As long as it falls properly, the damage can be minimized.'

The remaining issue is time.

According to her calculations, it will take at least 10 minutes for God's punishment to reach the surface.

If Argantis is released within it, the precision strike is over and the capital is destroyed.

'Can Thing do it?' Thing said about five minutes.

However, she could earn a few more minutes if she threw away everything and ran.

'Still, it's breathtaking.'

Turning Jet's bangs, Minerva flew vertically down.

'Shirone is defenseless.'

When they reached the ground, Shirone was looking up at the sky with her eyes closed.

Each time the seeker's laser was precisely manipulated, the half-visible pupils swayed left and right.

The smallest strategic weapon in the world.

A bitter smile crept across Minerva's lips.

'... ... I'm glad he's a good guy.' After all, the essence is human.

Until the magic succeeds, no stimulus should be given to him.

"Catch Yahweh!"

Corps commander Amon became a disaster, but the demons, including the division commander, were still in good health.

Whether or not you know the existence of divine punishment, it is only natural to run at the most hated Yahweh.

"come."

Demonic beasts with an average height of over 4 meters pushed in like a wall, blocking the view.

"Bastards."

Minerva's eyes widened, and her body changed into that of a young girl.

All sorts of wounds, bruises, and rope marks were engraved on the white skin.

"Aaaaaang!"

At the same time as the demons raised their claws, the illusion of the girl disappeared and she emitted the witch's pheromone.

"Big... ...

When the monsters stiffened, recalling the fear before becoming demons, fire spewed out of the jet.

The jet that received the momentum swung in full swing, and the faces of the monsters bent in the same direction.

"Did you like it when you played with it?" Minerva sucked deeply into the smoking pipe and spewed smoke forward.

Calamity Magic, The Walking Dead.

As the demons who lost their reason bit the demons next to them, the flow of attack was reversed to the outside.

"Kyahahaha! die! die!"

Her true character is the way she slashes down the jet and smashes the heads of demons.

Fried, who was running on the roof, clicked his tongue.

"Anyway, he's a ssamer." Anyway, I knew what Shirone's method was.

"I feel bad about this."

Fried raised his head and looked up at Argantis, who twisted his body grotesquely, bound by the law.

"Something like a tree... ...

The moment when he created a blue electric shock with his right hand and was about to fly off the roof.

"Help me!"

Screams were heard from under the building.

A family besieged by demons was holding each other and shedding tears.

'Huh, like a human.'

If you die, you die.

'Everyone's life is hard. Do you know how much blood I pooped to get here? don't you know Then just die.'

I heard the demon's voice.

"Ha ha ha! The woman is mine!"

"mom! mom!"

I heard my daughter's voice.

"honey! Aaaaaa! You children!" Free while listening to the sound gradually moving away

Dee soared into the air.

I thought a lot.

"Patience."

Fried's face turned into a tear-stain.

"I'm really going crazy!"

Right before the spear was pierced in the chest of the husband who blocked his wife, there was a sword attack that transcended the speed of sound.

"Uh, huh?"

In an instant, the decapitated demons collapsed, and the family raised their heads in surprise.

Fried stood there with an annoyed expression.

"... ... That's why I don't want to come down." Because humans are no longer human.

"Hahaha! Were there still apostles of justice? But you will regret it!" When the brigade commander gave instructions, countless demons pointed their spears at Freed.

"Please save me! please my family...

Fried looked at their daughter bitterly.

"The apostle of justice is an asshole. Live and die, it's all up to you. Do you know that I am trying to save someone's life?"

After coldly rejecting the man, he spat out as he moved towards the demons.

"Still, don't touch the family. Would you be happy if I caught your daughter and cut her off?"

"yes? daughter?"

As the brigade commander looked around, his men shook their heads and shrugged.

"Don't we have anything like that?" Fried was there.

Since ancient times, a man said that the sword is the best, and he was a son who quarreled with his father, a wizard, every day.

"That's why you don't know, you guys." Freed firmly gripped the handle of his sword.

"How far can humans go?"

"Kill."

At the same time as the demons came out, Fried swung his sword while creating a strong wind.

As if the originally separated thing was thrown into the air, the demons were split every time the flash passed.

"Things that don't matter."

The family bowed their heads as Fried, who had sorted out the situation in a short time, brushed off the blood on his sword.

"thank you! Thank you very much!" can't leave them behind

Then, what to do with the lives of other family members who are dying at this very moment?

'It's really difficult. That's why I hate you, Shirone.'

Why do you live so complicated?

'But... ...

When Shirone stared straight at him and revealed her beliefs, the emotions that passed through her head.

'I wanted my son to grow up like you.'

would have been proud

"Ah, Mr."

Wiping his eyes, he looked at Argantis again.

It was still caught by the law, but unlike a little while ago, it seemed to be more active.

"... ... It's bloody shit over there too."

Thing let out a deep breath, gritted his teeth again, and glared at Argantis.

'That's an illusion!'

It's not real.

'Only I am the real one. me thinking me that exists all laws except me

O......'

Her bracelet, the legal armament 'Jinjon', vibrated and suppressed the demon's will.

"Kneel before me!" oh oh oh oh!

As Argantis let out a groan and struggled in frustration, veins ran up Singh's face.

'I can't let go yet!'

The five minutes he had already told Shirone had passed.

"Thing."

I heard Amanta's voice.

As the world wheel, which had grown to a diameter of 20 meters, rotated rapidly, the people around it disappeared one by one.

Ting asked without turning his head.

"How much did you get?"

"We can save as much as the number of deaths. I don't know how wide Terraforce's shelter is."

It will be enough.

"What happened to Shirone? If you continue like this, even my laws will be twisted."

"I'm going to cast the magic that sent Arabot away. They said it would take quite a while. He's also groggy because of the laser guidance."

"Was it like that?"

Singh's face changed seriously.

"Release the law after 30 seconds. The shock wave will be huge. Evacuate the people around the demonic waters first."

"What are you going to do?"

"Anyway, I can't make it on time. The point is, you just need to hit the demon tree directly."

Amanta immediately nodded.

"I will."

Right after the world wheel receded, Thing started counting.

And when the count reached 30, the law that oppressed Argantis was released.

oh oh oh oh!

Black branches fluttered like seaweed, as if to vent the resentment they had so far.

The air was ripped as if struck by a whip, and all the buildings in the area were swept away.

'I don't have to stop everything!'

Thing made a quick deal.

As the hands moved, causing afterimages, thousands of rings were born from the roots of Argantis.

'All I have to do is hold on to the main body!' The strongest golden magician, the three thousand worlds of extinction. The loop, which coiled endlessly along the trunk, finally spread out into the thick branches.

It was like grabbing a human arm from left and right.

'I can hold on now!'

However, the small branches that the three thousand worlds could not hold on to were pouring attacks on the ground with anger.

"Damn it!"

Fried cut the branches in front of his family.

"Do it in moderation!"

Although it was extremely small compared to the main body, each stem was enough to pierce the house.

"Aww! mister! mister!"

The moment Fried cut off dozens of branches, the ground began to vibrate.

"What is this again?"

Ooh oh oh oh oh!

Argantis, which had not absorbed nutrients for a long time, could not handle the huge body.

"I want to eat!"

Sound leaked from tens of thousands of mouths.

"I want to eat! give it! something to eat... ... Kwuh ahhh!"

Strong acidic vomit gushed out from the mouth hanging under the demon tree.

As soon as it touched the ground, toxic gas rose.

"Damn it... ... !"

it is flowing backwards.

As if a water bottle had been punctured, green liquid continued to spurt down its torso.

'If it goes up like this... ...

The moment the backflowing liquid reached the top, acid rain equivalent to a volcanic eruption would fall.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Families covered their faces in agony from the toxic gas blown in by the wind.

"Go home!"

As I stood on my back in front of my family, blocking the wind, the roots that had climbed up the building tangled like a twist and rushed in.

"mister!"

When I looked back, the roots that had turned sharp like an awl were already in front of my eyes.

Aaaaaaaang!

The family members, who closed their eyes tightly at the roar, slowly lifted their eyelids after realizing the silence.

"Ha ha, these are really... ...

Freed, who raised his sword to block the attack, frowned and slashed the roots.

Amanta's voice was heard in the air.

"The situation has gotten worse."

Freed, who glanced up, said as he dismantled the armor of the five chiefs one by one.

"I'll fix it. Bring your family here too."

"What are you going to do?"

"I'm spraying diarrhea, but I have to plug my butt hole. I will go up while being supported by lightning."

"Can you? Quite high."

Fried looked back as if he was saying something.

"Can't you see I'm taking off my armor?" To the body that reached the peak of training, Amanta spoke as she rotated the world wheel.

"do it faster. Something huge is falling."

"What do you know?"

Grabbing his sword, Freed charged at Argantis at a speed comparable to flying in the sky.

"Already switched modes."

It was a mode that activates 'when a guy you really want to beat appears'.

On the brink (2)

"Yaaaaa!"

Freed climbed the body of Argantis vertically with his sword hanging down.

Blue electricity surged from his left hand, and it scratched the surface of the demonic tree in a parabolic arc.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

Mouths spewing disgusting liquids were mashed hideously as the explosions occurred.

'This is not enough.' The top of the Argantis must be clamped.

At that time, when he was catching up with the speed of the reverse current by raising the maximum mobility of the schema, a scream was heard.

"Kill!"

Demons fell from the sky and stabbed the red spears.

Freed's legs, which he blocked with his sword, floated and he fell again.

"Big!"

He plunged his sword into the bark of the Magyesu flowing like a torrent and clenched his left fist.

Bright flames like lava blazed.

'Watch.'

At first, he swung his sword just to remember his son.

When he was able to endure such sadness to some extent, he became a magician who was proficient in swords and magic.

"Eat this."

Flames exploded in the air.

"Keeeh!"

The demons melted away, and Fried climbed to the top, traversing the falling fireball.

'Is that it?'

The seeker's laser was hitting the center.

'There is no time!' And at exactly that point, Argan Teeth stirred and prepared to explode.

"Whoa!"

As he collected electricity in his left hand, the surrounding electric charges collided with each other, causing a thundering sound and lightning.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

A terrible scream was heard as an electric shock of great power struck the top of Argantis.

oh oh oh oh!

The top of the argantis swelled like a balloon when the surface was electrically fried to seal it.

Freed increased his power even more.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Finally, the swollen area began to shrink as the liquid that had been regurgitating went down.

'It's a success!'

The worst of acid rain was averted.

"Eh?... "

However, when Argantis stopped vomiting, another unexpected situation occurred.

"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!"

A disgusting sound came out of Argantis' mouth, and he began shaking like crazy.

"this... ...

Just as a human being strangled twists and turns with all his might at the last moment.

visor! visor! visor! visor!

The rings of the Singh's Annihilation 3 Celestial World, which were hanging on the top point, broke and deviated from the Seeker's aiming point.

The Thing on the ground groaned.

"Keugh!"

I do my best to block it, but this time it was force majeure.

I heard Minerva's voice.

"I missed the aim point."

Thing turned his head to see Shirone, pale in color, standing next to Minerva.

"What happened?"

As God's punishment neared the ground, Shirone's consciousness returned.

However, the acceleration was so high that laser guidance was no longer possible.

"I can't hit you like this. If it misses even a little, a shockwave will explode on the ground."

"... ... Are you saying you can't stop it?"

"There is still one way."

As Shirone stepped past Thing, Minerva followed.

"What are you going to do... ... !"

The moment she saw the light of Yahweh rising from Shirone's body like a flame, she stopped walking.

"I will twist the law."

What I cannot do, only Yahweh can do.

But even from Shirone's point of view, catching a 10-ton object with a top speed of Mach 40 was a difficult challenge.

"I could die."

Thing said.

"The law is a seesaw game. If you can't handle it, on the contrary, your law will be broken."

It is probably true because it is the word of the world's greatest authority on the law.

Fried flew from the sky.

"Damn it! It's getting bigger and bigger! What are you going to do now?"

Looking up at him, Shirone smiled.

"it's okay."

It doesn't matter if you can or can't.

"It doesn't matter who is weak or who is strong. We are fighting together." Singh's face flushed slightly.

'Fighting together?'

The only thing Yahweh wants.

Shirone was willing to sacrifice herself.

'Beyond the mind.'

Obviously, Yahweh must be one of the highest levels that can be reached as a prajna.

'you can do it. It changes the trajectory.'

The light that enveloped Shirone's body rose in a huge way as if it would burn the entire city.

"Is that????

Amanta turned her head, and the people's eyes were in awe at the radiance that filled the sky.

"Ahhh... ...

I don't know what the meaning of that light was, but it was the only thing they were looking for in hell.

"Great!"

As soon as he mentally caught the punishment of the god falling towards the ground, Shirone's face crumpled.

'It's much harder than I thought.'

It would have been possible if it was merely pushing with a strong law, but it was a task that required accurate aiming.

Veins protruded from Shirone's temples, and the threadlike veins in his eyes began to burst.

Seeing bloody tears streaming down her face, Minerva grabbed her shoulder and shouted.

"no! Then die!"

Shirone didn't hear.

'little bit more!'

I've never wanted to do it like I do now.

'It's the result of fighting together.' The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower are those who persevere in their convictions without giving in to any compromise.

If all such people are gathered here, it would be said that there is still hope for mankind.

'I want to do it. i have to do it... ... Shirone's body, bleeding from her eyes, nose and ears, trembled in shock.

And at that point.

'It moves.'

The 10-ton spear, which had fallen innocently while rejecting Yahweh's command, began to weakly change its trajectory.

"Big!"

Shirone's pupils went up and Minerva's face turned pale.

"Shirone! Wake!"

Shirone's eyes widened.

'It's here!'

As the trajectory of Divine Punishment was modified, it was erected at an angle capable of penetrating Argantis' torso vertically.

Shirone, who exerted all her strength, knelt down and touched the ground, gasping for breath.

"Huh! Huh!"

"it's okay? Are you successful?"

Although her mind was exhausted to the point of death, Shirone raised her head and raised the corner of her mouth with difficulty.

"Yes. for now... ...

"It's not over yet."

Singh said in a grievous voice.

"It moves again."

When Shirone turned around with a hard expression, Argantis was making a last-ditch effort.

oh oh oh oh!

Although it was impossible to see it because it was covered by clouds, countless branches spread out from the top of the demon tree and swayed.

pop! pop! pop! pop!

As the air burst, a world-destroying roar hit my eardrums.

"What are you trying to do?"

Minerva answered Fried's words.

"There is no such thing as will. You struggle with all your might. But in this state, the trajectory will change."

If the angle was changed even slightly, the god's punishment would pierce Argantis' body and land it on the ground.

"I need to cut that branch."

It was the only way, but there was no time to return when the fall time was calculated.

Fried slung the sword over his shoulder and said.

"I go."

"you... ...

He smiled bitterly at Minerva's surprised expression.

"I have no choice but to do it. You won't be able to cut those branches, let alone come back in time."

Someone had to sacrifice.

"Mr. Fried... ...

"Goes."

Just as Fried was poised to jump out, he heard a familiar voice from behind Shirone.

"You can't see it because it's too high?" While everyone hurriedly turned around, Fried asked.

"... ... What are you?"

A blue-haired young man with a large sword hanging from his back was looking up at the sky with his hand covering the sun.

Shirone couldn't believe it even after seeing it with his own eyes.

"Lian?"

Lian smiled, squinting one eye.

"You must be in trouble, Shirone."

Numerous thoughts rushed into her head at the same time, but Shirone hurriedly grasped the core.

"I don't have time for this! If you don't move quickly... ...

"don't worry."

As Lian stepped forward, leaning on Shirone's shoulder, Freed's eyebrows narrowed.

"Do you know what you are talking about?"

"maybe... ...

Looking up at the sky, Lian spurred the ground and charged at a terrifying speed.

"It must be Vera."

Ting shouted.

"We have to do it quickly! I can't stand it anymore!"

As the ring of the three thousand worlds of the extinction shook greatly, cracks began to gradually go.

"come."

Minerva looked up at the sky and said.

"I can't make it on time."

Lian was climbing Argantis at a terrifying speed, but the speed at which God's punishment fell was faster than expected.

Lian An, who was running vertically toward the sky, spotted a point of light burning in the sky.

"About here?"

The muscle twisted with a groaning sound and turned into a yaksha's body that could withstand the shock.

"What are you trying to do?"

At the same time as Xing muttered, Lian kicked off the trunk and left.

"Big!" And at that point, Oh Dae-sung realized.

"That crazy... ...

There was no time to cut off the branches of the demon tree.

"You cut it whole?"

Lian's waist, which held the great sword with both hands, turned to the side to the limit.

"Whoa!"

The place he is falling is two-thirds of the way from the height of Argantis.

It was much thinner than the bottom, but it was still well over 100 meters thick.

"Yaaaaaa!"

Divine Transcendence, Idea.

If the capital city of Kashan is to be considered as a painting, it is a single flash of light that separates the ends of Lian's black canvas.

jump.

Oh Dae-seong's eyes widened, and the upper part of Argantis, which had risen to the border of the clouds, began to fall.

"That... ... Did you cut it?"

Shirone clenched her fists.

"Lian."

It was the strongest yakcha.

Lian, who finished the blow of conversion, fell to a standing state and looked down at Shirone.

"So don't worry, Shirone." now i have

Behind Lian's back, a gray spear that exceeded Mach 40 was thrust vertically.

thud.

The moment the tip of the spear touches the center of the demon tree.

Puff pup pup pup pup!

A sound louder than thunder went down to the basement in a runaway, followed by the huge body exploding.

Argantis howled desperately.

Aaaaaaa!

As it pierced the torso and fell underground, the ground swayed like a wave and the shock wave cut off the roots.

Most of the humans covered their heads in fear and fell on their stomachs, but Oh Dae-seong stared at the magnificent scene in awe.

"I blocked it."

Minerva muttered.

"We blocked it."

Kurrurrurrung!

City-sized dust spread widely, drawing concentric circles on the waves of the ground.

"Lian."

Shirone stared through the dust.

Although it penetrated Argantis, the shock wave of God's punishment was hit right away.

"Lian!"

At that time when I shouted at the thought that I couldn't be fine, a shadow walked out of the dust.

"Whoa, this is no joke. Shirone, is it your magic?"

Lian, whose clothes were tattered, appeared with a large sword draped over his back.

'Are there any wounds?'

To be precise, the limbs were ripped off by the shock wave and then regenerated.

"you... ... It's fine?"

While Shirone and Oh Dae-seong watched in bewilderment, Lian arrived in front of them.

"Are there any enemies left?"

After confirming that all the demons had disappeared, he finally turned to Shirone and said.

"It's been a while, Shirone."

On the brink (3)

The army of the crusade, Valkyrie, 700,000 men erected a defensive wall along the borders of Jive, Molten, and Bornai.

It was the three kingdoms that could be said to be the gateways to the central continent, and if even one was breached, the army of hell would continue to move south, eventually taking over the entire largest continent on the planet.

'Even if you add up the troops borrowed from each country, 2 million. Compared to the army of hell, it's not enough.'

Member of the Valkyrie 2nd Corps, Amy was currently preparing to greet the enemies at the borders of Molten Kingdom.

'Can I stop it?'

According to intelligence, 10 million of the main army of Hell headed for Kashan's capital.

However, the remaining 40 million would spread in a fan shape and travel south without end, arriving at the border within 48 hours.

Amy stared at the desert horizon dappled with moonlight.

From the Crusade's point of view, it wasn't strange to think of Shirone right before the worst battle.

'How are you doing?'

From the Valkyrie Military Academy to becoming the battalion commander of the magic unit, he trained hard.

The cause of serving the world gradually faded in the agony of training that seemed like death.

Even so, the reason he was able to hold on was to become stronger and meet Shirone.

'You must be over that horizon.' Even now, if you break through the 40 million troops moving south at a terrifying speed, you will find Shirone.

"You seem to have a lot on your mind." When I turned my head to his voice, Luda Garcia, the commander of the 2nd corps, was approaching with her hands behind her back.

"Loyalty!"

Amy hurriedly raised a salute, but Garcia did not accept it and looked back toward the horizon.

Amy, who knew what that meant, lowered her hand and said in a low voice.

"Master."

The world's greatest fire mage.

The reason he accepted Amy as a disciple was to pay off the debt he owed to Syrone in South Eymond.

'It's a miracle that it came this far.' But now, even Garcia's eyes toward Amy were very different from the first time.

Since the resistance of the cadets was not so strong, Garcia made it possible for anyone who wanted to to study with him.

And when six months passed, the only person left by Garcia's side was Amy.

'I thought it didn't matter if I went crazy as long as I could survive in this hell.'

Amy has parents, brothers, friends and lovers, but it was Garcia who confirmed her bottom.

I've seen everything about Amy.

A primordial, animalistic, raw figure with no room for reason.

'He's a strong kid.'

It reminded me of when Amy, unable to control the flames, collapsed in the mud with smoke billowing out of her body.

His training suit was burned in an instant, and he was wriggling like a bug with his hand between his legs.

Garcia was about to give up on her.

"Are you still ashamed? If you can afford it, think about recovering. If you lose your mind here, you will die."

"Huh. uh huh."

As Garcia approached, Amy instinctively wriggled away.

"There is nowhere to run. One more step left. If you can't control the flames, your life will burn out this time."

"Black! Ugh!"

Garcia, who lit a super-hot flame, heard Amy's sobbing voice.

'Shirone, am I doing well?'

What I learned from the interview is that Amy is also trying to become stronger in order to meet Shirone.

'I don't quite understand. But one thing is clear, I will never be able to meet you in this state.' There were only a handful of people in the world who could endure this earthly hell on their own.

'I have to save this child for you, but... ...

Amy was special to him now.

It was because he had undergone nearly a year of extreme training that even he thought was impossible.

'one more time. Just one more pass... ...

I thought I had no choice but to kill him.

"sorry. die."

As the flame-scorched hand moved forward, Amy spoke in a sobbing voice.

"Shirone. Shirone... ...

The reason Garcia didn't throw flames was the last consideration given to him because he would really kill him.

"Do you want to meet me? If you are dreaming of a final reunion before you die, I will stop here."

If it's already broken, it's just murder.

"Shirone... ... We will meet."

Amy staggered to her feet.

"I will definitely meet you."

As the flames of her crimson eyes burned intensely, the tears in her eyes evaporated in an instant.

Garcia, who was watching him, reached out his hand.

"Hellfire."

A huge flame exploded in the training ground, and it faded in an instant.

Garcia looked back at Amy.

Even when she entered the military academy, she showed signs of being a baby, but she had changed into a woman before she knew it.

'It makes sense that the barracks were overturned.'

Not only her innate beauty, but also the modest energy created through the training in hell stimulates men's curiosity.

"You were popular, you."

Amy smiled broadly.

"haha! It's the military, so what? Even if you wear a skirt, they like it as a woman."

Garcia laughed.

"Yes, it must be a lot of trouble."

The fact that his rank is not yet high may also be a reason for his subordinates to approach him in a friendly way.

'You don't know how many people will die in this war. Depending on the major, the rank will rise vertically.'

Of course, it was under the assumption that he would stop the army of hell.

"But what happened to Master... ... ?"

"I think I will be here. Were you missing someone over the horizon?"

Amy blushed.

"Ah, that... ...

"Maybe we can meet. If we win this war."

her eyes sparkled

"Take pride. In any situation, think of what you have done so far."

Given the huge gap in the chain of command, this was probably the last time Garcia saw Amy.

"Yes. We will win."

Amy smiled as Garcia stroked her hair with a look of affection.

"Oh, and as it will be announced tomorrow, new military equipment will be introduced to your units. It's a trial run, so try it out."

"New military equipment?"

"The temple changed businesses. It's a new company, but it seems to mainly handle magic weapons."

Amy's brow wrinkled.

"But changing equipment with war at hand... ...

"It is unusual. However, it can also be said that the performance is good. Deliver it properly to your subordinates."

It doesn't matter as long as the performance is good, but most of them were collusions between politicians and businessmen.

"Where is the startup?"

"They said it was Governor Nade. Come to think of it, your homeland was also Tormia. It seems to be your company."

"Nade? Governor Nade?"

"Why? Do you know?"

"Ah, that... ... Maybe it's someone I know."

"Since you're a wizard, that might be the case. They say he is a very young boss. Probably just like you."

Amy couldn't get rid of the idea that she was the Nade she knew.

'That guy makes weapons of war?'

It doesn't seem like it in terms of personality, but it was plausible considering the uniqueness of the war against the demons.

Also, if performance is proven, it will grow rapidly incomparably with other businesses.

'Because he's definitely a smart guy.'

Of course, it's not just about looking at money and messing around.

Now that Iruki was active in the military department of the temple, he too was fighting fiercely.

'To meet Shirone.'

I wasn't fighting alone.

Seeing Amy smile, Garcia turned around as if satisfied.

"You must survive, Amy."

"Yes." Master too.

A servant's will was handed over to a soldier under the wizard group belonging to the Valkyrie 2nd Corps with a grandiose phrase that read "Resolution."

It was the division commander's order to increase his desire for survival by writing down his wishes before the war.

Though well-intentioned, it was just a tiring event for the lower end soldiers who wanted to take a nap at that time.

"Damn it! You look like you're going to die soon. What's your wish? rather write a will

do not say."

"If it's black, what should I do? They say that troops who write the resolution well will be allowed to attend the consolation performance."

"Buck. Will the hottest beauties come to this battlefield? Besides, it doesn't matter who comes. Because I am the best battalion commander."

All the magicians of the 2nd Company, Amy's direct unit, agreed silently.

"Cheuk, yes. be a wish There is only one thing I want to do before I die ."

Corporal Berrik scribbled something on the resolution.

"I set up a tent with my battalion commander and stayed up all night... ...

The comrade in the seat next to him read what Berik was writing and widened his eyes.

"You madman! If you use something like this, it's an honor! What are the executives going to do when they read it?"

"You can write it and throw it away. Damn it! I can't even write something like this, so what kind of resolution is it?"

"but?... "

The company, which was at the peak of tension ahead of the war, became noisy with a single piece of Verique's resolution.

"Puhahaha! Can I publish this? Sergeant, please read what Berik wrote."

The resolution went around and returned to Berrik, at which point the tent in the barracks was opened.

"Attention troops!"

First of all, they instinctively erected their upper bodies, but the members' faces turned pale when they saw Amy's face.

'Damn it, it's completely fucked up.'

Amy looked around at the crew and said.

"Why are you so funny? Anything good?"

the squad leader exclaimed hastily.

"There is not!"

"What is not there? I think he was writing a resolution. What is your wish?"

Amy looked around at the resolutions placed in front of the members and went inside.

Only Berrik threw the crumpled up resolution behind his back and was breaking into a cold sweat.

"What? Let me see you."

"it's nothing."

Berrik shook his head with all his might, but the more he did, the more it only stimulated his curiosity.

Amy laughed.

"Are you discriminating against women commanders? This is a bit sad." It was a male joke, I guessed roughly.

"no! Absolutely not! Battalion commander, please trust me."

"okay. I'll read it considering it's a joke. Give it to me."

Berrik, who had no choice but to follow the command of the commander, handed over the crumpled resolution.

The warrior's hand was trembling.

"Hmm, let's see. It's a wish and something, with the battalion commander... ...

Amy's face gradually started to heat up as she read through the resolution.

At that time, the crew members who were watching their superiors look away with frightened expressions.

"Whoa."

Amy sighed and glanced at Berrik with narrow eyes.

Berrik's shoulders trembled.

'You'd better kill me! I'm going to be embarrassed and go crazy!'

Is it Youngchang?

If you add sexual harassment to your superiors, you may be punished even more severely.

"Yeah, what. Imagination is free."

When Amy rolled up the resolution and handed it out, Verique looked up with a moved expression.

"Captain... ...

"I know it's a joke, so I'm looking at it. Corporal, no matter how much your wish is, write something that can come true."

The relaxed crew burst into laughter.

"Sorry, hehe."

Just as she was about to receive the resolution, Amy raised her arm.

"And."

The dried paper patted Berik's head.

"Aren't you choosing your vocabulary correctly? am i a fruit? huh? Is it fruit?"

"Ouch! sorry! Ouch!"

As the crew members sighed, the platoon commander who had been waiting for them viciously laughed.

I meant to end this.

"now! Attention everyone."

In an instant, the military became solemn.

"An order came from the top. Starting tomorrow, new supplies will arrive in our unit. Payment type... ...

No one showed any playfulness.

On the brink (4)

past midnight.

"Whoa."

Amy, who relayed the order from the superior to each company, headed to the bathroom late at night.

My body was tired, but today might be the last day I can wash comfortably.

"cold."

When I took off my clothes, my downy hair stood on end from the cold chill.

The silence in the empty bathroom was unbearably empty, so she quickly turned on the tap.

'The number of enemies is 40 million.'

No matter how long the border line was, the number her troops would face was more than ten times that of their allies.

'It is arithmetically impossible to block. Are there any special strategies? or not... ...

Is it the last stand of those driven to the edge of the precipice?

'This may be the end of me.'

Feeling the warmth of the warm water flowing down her head, Amy closed her eyes.

I heard the door open.

"Amy?"

Tess, a cavalry sergeant, was coming in wearing a bath basket around her waist.

"Tess, haven't you slept yet?"

"I'm on duty today. You?"

"just... ... . I can't sleep."

Since Tess had been best friends since the military academy days, he could understand Amy's feelings.

'More than death, the fact that we might not be able to meet again is what scares me.'

I wanted to meet Lian.

Tess, who turned on the faucet in the seat next to Amy, said as she was splashed with water.

"I will survive, for sure."

"??????yes."

Tess turned her head to the red light that flashed in Amy's eyes and took a careful look at her naked body.

"I'm almost recovered."

During Garcia's training, the burn scars never faded.

Fortunately, only a small scab remained on his shoulder now, and even that would fall off after a while.

"Thanks to Master. Although the training was difficult, he made me recover at the highest level."

"Come to think of it, your skin is so white, isn't it? If it's something like this, should I try it too?" Of course it was a joke.

Only the person concerned should have known the pain of skin peeling from repeated burns and recovery.

"Hmm, that's it, right?"

Tess looked at Amy's smooth, watery body with sullen eyes.

Feeling terrified, Amy took a defensive stance and turned around to see Tess laughing sinisterly.

"don't do it. It's an order."

"Whoops, now I'm going to beat you by rank, right? If so, then I have no choice but to use that method." After washing away the suds at super speed, Amy ran for the exit with her bath basket.

"I'll be out first!"

Tess smiled at Amy's back as she rushed away and relaxed her stance.

"To be naive... ...

My heart was beating wildly and my stomach was rumbling.

'I can't relax.'

After standing in the water for a long time, Tess thumped the wall with her fist.

'Die.'

It will be a battle where you die with almost absolute probability.

'doesn't care. Killing even one more is enough.'

Ever since her father was attacked by the demons, she was determined to die on the battlefield.

'At least one person has to live.'

Amy.

'Lian, would you understand?' I didn't even need to hear an answer.

Kashan's capital did not dare to restore.

While building simple shelters in each district was all that was needed, Oh Dae-seong came to Shirone.

"We're going back to the ivory tower." said Minerva.

"Hell's army is moving south, so it will be safe here for the time being. I am worried about Taeseong."

Shirone also felt the power of Argantis, so she nodded without muttering.

"Yes. I will finish and follow you." Fried looked back at Lian.

'It's Mach's knight.'

area of ??the fall.

True to the rumor that it handles the limit of divine transcendence, the power of the sword surpassed that of Freed.

"When you return, bring that swordsman with you. Because Tae-seong wants to meet you."

When Shirone turned around, Lian immediately replied.

"Wherever Shirone goes, he will go."

Just that answer alone made Oh Dae-seong feel like the ivory tower was under pressure.

"He's a funny guy."

Fried turned away with a rotten smile, and the rest left Kashan after him.

"What are you going to do now, Shirone?"

"I have someone to meet." As Shirone turned to Aganos with a smile, a black shadow fell from the sky.

It was Yula, the leader of Poongjang.

"Shirone-sama, the Empress is calling." Not paying attention to the change in her title, Shirone nodded her head and followed her.

Argantis' roots penetrated the underground facility of the imperial castle, and a huge tunnel was pierced through.

"You've killed a huge monster."

"It starts now."

Yula bowed her head in front of the rusty iron door.

"Please go in." Following a harsh sound, the iron door opened and Uorin was waiting in a shabby room.

"Welcome, Shirone."

Contrary to expectations, it was a bright expression.

Kido was sitting on a cot in the corner with a bandage wrapped around his stomach.

"Hey, it's been a while."

"uh? How tall?"

She didn't expect him to be with Urin, so Shirone asked with a surprised expression.

"What happened?"

"It's too long to talk about. Anyway, it seems like I got to ride the same boat with this woman."

I turned to Uorin, but instead of explaining Kido, she offered me a seat.

"sit down. I called because I have something to tell you." Shirone sat down on the sofa across from him, and Lian went behind him and stood up.

'Two apostates.'

No matter how strong a human being is, it is natural to be ruled by the social system.

However, with the two of them now, they were capable of dealing with one nation.

"Sorry for the shabby place. The situation is like this, so I can't help it."

"It's fine. I'm glad you're alive."

Uorin stuck out her tongue.

"Something was a bit embarrassing."

Uorin was only that impressed at the time of kneeling to Harvits.

"This is what I did for you, Shirone. If a pretty girl like me dies, how much will she have to lose? And Shirone, you too should hug at least the empress of the empire in your lifetime."

Shirone turned around.

"What about Gando?"

"I haven't woken up yet. To be pathetic. It won't affect your life, but I can't guarantee it."

Then I felt a little reassured.

"don't worry. Because you are a strong person And you are safe too. From now on, we must rebuild Kashan."

Wu Lin laughed.

"As I live, the day will come when I will receive sympathy from you."

"No, I mean... ...

"Know. But I'm Kashan. Besides, the temple remains. And I like things like this. The more difficult the problem...

Uorin crossed her legs and smiled.

"The pleasure of conquering is also great." He was so confident that he was proud of himself, but it was a hundred times better than his depressed appearance.

"But the Empress of Kashan will quit."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Are you quitting?"

"Because there is no advantage. To be honest, I knew that since the <Law Killing> project failed, the era of Theraze's control had ended."

Urin shrugged.

"me : yes. maze. Shirone. Gaold. Oh, and now to Lian. They are the ones who have reached the highest level with their own philosophies. But I can say with certainty that the strongest human at the moment is Havitz."

It was an era of atrocities.

"The fact that good triumphs over evil is possible only in the history that has been wrapped up. People love stories of heroes. A hero who achieves victory over the setbacks he can handle and the adversity he can handle. There is no truth in it. In fact, no one wants to know the truth."

Theraje, the oldest of mankind, wrapped up the history of the Empress in that way.

"But now it's too much. There's no way to wrap this crazy world. All we have left is the terrible truth, not history."

Uorin pointed at Shirone.

"Shall I tell you the truth I see?"

Shirone waited patiently for an answer.

"It's over, Shirone. Good and evil, no matter who wins, the story of a beautiful hero is no longer written. What remains is each person's despair, remorse, anger, and... ...

Uorin said with her eyes shining.

"It is a pain."

"Quaaaaa!"

Deep in the mountains of the Southern Continent, Gaold's screams resonated terribly.

"Aww! Aaaaaa!"

It was already the 2nd day.

He hadn't even fought a battle, but now he was in great pain just because he was alive.

"mister! it's okay?"

Gangnan shakes her face with tears in her eyes, but Gaold's face only gets more distorted.

"it hurts. it hurts... ...

A voice leaking out in an unconscious state.

His hair was washed white, his eyes completely turned inside out, and he twitched while biting crab foam.

It was a scene that Jiangnan had witnessed dozens of times in the south.

"Quaaaaaa!"

Gauld crawled across the ground on his face as the pain knew no bounds.

Ten fingers raised to their feet frantically scratched the ground, but no one could bear the pain for him.

"die??????

Tears flowed down Kang Nan's cheeks.

"I'd rather die! I mean just die! What are you doing living like this any longer!"

Miro was resentful.

"Let's go to Zion right now! kill them all! Let's do whatever we want and finish it!"

"maze. maze... ...

Is that the only thing I can say besides saying I'm sick?

"You stupid bastard!"

Gangnan climbed onto Gaold's chest and tightened Gaold's throat with both hands.

"You are being taken advantage of! How does that woman know how sick you are? Does she even know one in a billion?"

"Turn it off... ...

I couldn't bear to break my neck.

"I'd rather end it."

Kang Nan, who relaxed his hands, hugged Gaold's face and shed tears.

"just... ... let's die Die with me." Ga Old's breathing gradually began to stabilize, but he did not return to consciousness.

"please please... ...

Zulu was watching Gangnan, who was crouching in a circle and trembling, with indifferent eyes.

"pain."

Uorin nodded at Shirone's words.

"yes. On this side of the beautifully packaged history, the pain that humans do not want to face is omitted. The reason I give up on Kashan is because I don't want to turn away any longer. More precisely, it is because I love you."

"Uorin, I... ...

"Listen to the end. It's not like I'm asking you to hug me right now."

Shirone shut his mouth.

"From now on, I will be a woman, not the empress of Kashan. Nothing will change anyway. Eventually you will accept me."

"How can you be sure?"

Shirone, who knew how wide Theraze's sketch was, couldn't pass it over.

"Because you will never be able to surpass me."

"Sprout.] It's sprouted."

Behind Nane, who was looking down at the green sprout, Shura with a towel on her head approached.

"yes. It has sprouted."

I didn't speak for a long time.

"Please. What do you think?"

"I think it is beautiful."

Did the monster of the Ten Commandments become your wife after skin-to-skin with me?

Shura smiled.

"Which flower will bloom? No, will the grass grow?"

"Beautiful things are not flowers. That I planted something here. That heart."

Shura listened.

"Gaold's pain, Shirone's philanthropy, and this world must have all sprouted from one heart after all."

It starts with planting the heart.

"Why'?"

A golden aura rippled from Nane's back.

"If it hadn't been planted in the first place, it wouldn't have existed."

Shura stepped back several tens of meters as she dug up a hole in the soil with both hands and ripped out the sprouts.

"Boo, Buddha... ...

will you wake up again?

"Obsessed, tormented, wandering in search of happiness in illusions that don't exist!"

The moment Nane crushes the buds.

'has disappeared.'

The energy of the Buddha was extinguished.

"Nevertheless, the reason why it is so beautiful...

When Nane slowly removed her hand, the sprout was preserved intact.

"Because I planted it."

Nane said, putting the sprouts back in the place where they were scooped out and gently covering them with soil.

"This is the last problem in this world, Shura."

almost reached

"It is the only thing I will surpass." Shura, her tension released, slammed her on the buttock.

continues in the next volume