
[522] New Covenant (1)





There is an island that does not exist on the map on the sea 34 kilometers from Galliante Island.

This island called 'Baekdo', which only old fishermen who have been on a boat for over 40 years know about, was an island that was privatized long ago by an organization from the Galliante Autonomous District.

And currently, Keira, one of the caretakers of the Ivory Tower, was resting in the white island, waiting for an order from the superior.

The scenery of the Cheonhae was full of unknowns.

Numerous animals and plants that have evolved independently, and even cannibal birds that make beautiful sounds like flutes.

Keira was preparing an early morning in a cabin built near a small waterfall.

It was a simple meal, but it was a break after a long time for her who was always busy with work.

"It smells delicious. Is it rabbit stew?"

Keira's hand stirring the ladle stopped abruptly.

I couldn't even feel the presence, but the voice was enough.

Armin laughed.

"what? Could it be that you are at the doorstep?"

But, as if Keira hadn't heard anything, she went back to stirring the ladle.

"... ... I'll come back when I'm offended."

At the same time as Armin turned around, Keira nervously threw the ladle away.

The ladle rolled on the floor with a bang, and Keira, who was crying, ran with all her might and hugged Armin.

"You bastard! I thought you were dead! really... ... I thought you were dead!"

Armin stroked Keira's back.

"I'm back. As promised."

Keira, covered in tears, asked with a bright expression.

"Are you completely back? sit down once Are you hungry?"

As busy as her hands preparing the meal, her mouth had no time to rest.

"I was punished for tearing up the pact. For now, stay here until you return. Still, it's worth the wait. Oh, let's go to the Ivory Tower right after breakfast. I have to report it."

"No, Keira. I am not going back to the ivory tower."

Keira turned around with a dazed expression.

"What are you talking about?"

"I have work to do. I think I will be active in a new team for a while. You will understand."

"understanding? Maybe if you died, but since you came back alive, you can't escape the Ivory Tower's surveillance."

"Of course it is. But maybe it will be fine. The Ivory Tower will have no choice but to accept my offer this time."

"What happened? What about the new team?"

"First of all, let's eat breakfast. I will explain."

Armin took his time and sat down at the table.

It seemed like today was going to be a long day.



* * *



Basuka, the capital of the kingdom of Tormia.

Returning to the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, Kuan put all his luggage into one bag and changed his clothes.

Her eyes when choosing clothes were more cautious than usual, but she wasn't satisfied with any of them.

'Should I cut my sleeves? Or is it better to leave it as it is?'

Just then, the door slammed open and a piercing voice was heard.

"You madman!"

It was Kiyora Ellis, a surgeon at the swordsmanship academy.

"Are you here?"

Quan bowed briefly and looked back at the mirror.

"what? Are you here? Yes, here you go, you son of a bitch! The letter of resignation you handed in today. Do you know how much I struggled to get this back?"

Kuan, who was absent from school without permission, was naturally dismissed from the job, but Elise put her powers on hold.

Since she was such a woman, I couldn't describe the feelings I felt when Kuan returned.

I'm back.

Not enough amputation, one arm is missing.

Especially since she was a surgeon in the field of neural junctions, I was devastated to see my dearest friend go through something like this every time.

Whether he knew this or not, Quan responded with a sense of relief as if he had thrown away old trash.

"Why are you withdrawing? I didn't sleep at all and took the time to write it. Give it back and come."

"Ah, sir!"

Elise slammed her resignation letter on the ground.

I'm not training my mutt, what's the use of this if I'm leaving school anyway?

"What the hell are you doing? You can think while at school, even during vacation! Paid vacation!"

"I got a new job. And you can't be a teacher anyway. My sword cannot reach the students. So find another teacher right now."

Elise was also a teacher at a swordsmanship school, so she had a vague sense of what Quan got in return for giving up her arm.

Before leaving school and now, Quan had such a strange temperament that it was safe to say that he was a completely different person.

"You won't tell me until the end, right? You don't want to be friends with me, right?"

"I'm past the age to threaten you with something like that. anyways what do you think of this? Should I cut off the sleeves or should I leave them as is?"

"How do I know, man! A man who cut off his own arm, what do you know about sleeves! You're making me nervous!"

"I guess I should just leave it alone."

It would be cumbersome in a combat situation, but apparently this side was much better.

Only then did Ellis realize that Quan had changed deep inside.

He paid attention to his clothes, and his attitude towards people was much calmer than before.

He made up his mind to go out into the world after overcoming a long nightmare.

"You really won't regret it, will you?"

Quan turned to Ellis and said.

"It's fine."

Alice couldn't say anything.

How could you stop him from going in front of his beloved friend's smile for the first time in 10 years?

"Thank you. I'll contact you."

After tapping Ellis on the shoulder and leaving the room, Kuan passed through the hallway he always passed through and caught his eyes on the training ground where countless students were tricked.

I missed the boring scenery as much as today.

'Come to think of it, is he okay?'

Lian dropped out of school to leave for knight training.

After thinking about the result like this, he was one step behind Lian.

'Maybe we can meet someday.'

Because that is the prosecutor's destiny.

Kuan got into the carriage he had reserved in advance and told the coachman to go to the city of Kentra.

Tormia is a famous pastoral area, and it was the area where Shiina and I had lunch before going to heaven.

And today, I meet her again.

"I hope it's not too late."

Twenty minutes late, Kuan opened the carriage door roughly and entered the restaurant.

"Damn it."

It was still a comfortable atmosphere as before, and most of the customers were dressed in simple clothes.

But to them, Quan was an unusual guest.

Since he was wearing a sword and even had a stern look, the restaurant became quiet and his eyes focused.

Then Shiina got up from the table in the corner.

"Here it is, sir."

Kuan was stunned for a moment and looked at Shiina.

With her glasses off and her hair down, she was a completely different person.

When a beautiful woman greeted Quan, the guests looked at the two in bewilderment.

Even if you don't want to pay attention to it, you can't help but have an intrusive gait.

At the restaurant, only Shiina was looking at Kuan with sincere eyes.

"Forgive me for being late."

"it's okay. Baska is a long way away. How have you been?"

"Yes. what... ... ."

The first person to contact was Shiina. It must have been that the promise he made in heaven was on his mind.

Kuan ordered lamb steak.

Not long after he lost his arm, everything was unfamiliar to him, but he suddenly thought there was no need to order something else.

But that thought soon turned to regret.

The meat was tougher than expected, so it didn't cut well, and that didn't mean that you couldn't even practice swordsmanship with a cleaver.

"Pooh!"

Quan's cutting stopped at the sound of laughter from the table next to him.

When I turned my head, a woman belatedly covered her mouth and lowered her head, and the man on the other side avoided her fidgety gaze.

"Never mind."

Shiina said.

"I know how strong Mr. Quan is. The stronger she is, the more relaxed she is."

Realizing her own weakness in Heaven, Shiina also learned what the strong carry on their shoulders.

"I will cut it for you."

Before Kuan could say anything, Shiina took the plate and took it and cut the steak.

As if it had worked, the eyes of the guests were much warmer than before.

Of course, it was probably a reaction that came from a ridiculous illusion that Shiina was helping the weak.

Quan just stared at him as if possessed by a ghost.

Come to think of it, my attitude towards myself was quite different from before.

"Sensei Shiina."

Shiina asked back while focusing on cutting.

"Yes?"

"You don't have to do this. I appreciate your kindness, but if you think you owe me... ... ."

Quan stopped talking when he saw a piece of steak suddenly thrust out in front of his eyes.

In terms of swordsmanship, it's an excellent stab.

When Kuan raised his gaze, Shiina, whose face was as red as a carrot, could not find a place to rest her eyes and spoke.

"Do you want to eat?"

If you're being chased by a torrent of emotions, there are times when you lose your focus and do crazy things, but now Shiina was like that.

It is true that he had a crush on Kuan, but he had no intention of going so far.

Customers who sensed the atmosphere were excitedly waiting for the man's choice.

Quan, who had been watching for a long time, smiled softly and put the meat she gave her into his mouth.

"ah... ... ."

Then, after politely handing over the fork, he ignored it.

"thank you."

If Alice had seen this scene, she would have come to the tomb and teased her, but Quan thought that was enough.

No one will criticize me for taking at least one pleasant memory with me before going on a long trip.

After the meal was over, Shiina hesitated for a while in front of the moving carriage.

"I don't think we will be able to meet often when school starts."

"Yes. Probably so. Never mind."

Shiina tilted her head, but she was also obsessed with relationships with men anyway, so she was busy trying to say something.

"If it's okay... ... Would you like to write a letter?"

"A letter?"

Kuan, who blinked at the sudden suggestion, nodded after thinking for a while.

"I see. I'll be waiting for you."

I could see that Shiina's face suddenly brightened, probably because she was nervous.

"Yes. Then I will send you to the swordsmanship academy."

"Swordsmanship school... ... . Ah yes. I guess that will work."

"Then, Sensei Kuan, please go home carefully."

Shiina bowed politely and climbed into the carriage.

Her face was quite flushed as she closed the door.

They get to know each other by exchanging letters with a man they didn't even know existed until recently.

It was a thrill that he had never felt since he was in debt to Armin as a child.

Quan watched the carriage for a long time before turning to the entrance of the city.

When I entered the forest, the party that had already arrived and was waiting for me appeared.

Armin of Gwangan asked.

"Did you enjoy your meal?"

"I just settled my previous promise, I didn't go there to enjoy it."

Kuan said honestly.

Shiina is a good person, but in the position of knowing the secrets of the world, Kuan chose to protect her rather than immediate happiness.

'I can't do this. I have to become stronger.'

"Hey, what's so serious? Like someone who had a last supper."

Miro and Arius walked out of the bushes on the other side.

Shirone, still wearing Armand's robe, fell asleep with Arius on his back.

Miro patted Shirone on the head and said.

"Anyway, since we're all gathered, shall we start soon? You have to wake up this kid first so you can do the next thing."

After returning from Heaven, Miro asked Armin and Quan to help him with his work.

Armin and Kuan are rivals in a sense, but to her, both were precious talents that she could not give up.

In particular, Quan's unique swordsmanship, which he realized in heaven, was powerful enough to change the system of swordsmanship spread throughout the world.

"Since I agreed to cooperate, I will go anywhere. Wherever my sword is needed."

Armin asked.

"So how are you going to wake up Shirone?"

"Nothing has been decided yet. Once I talk to her and her, the answer will come out one way or another."

"she?"

Miro said with a smile.

"Theraze, Empress of Kashan."

=======================================
[523] New Covenant (2)





Kashan.

A powerful empire that occupies one-third of the human realm.

Aganos, a huge palace where the ruler of Kashan, Theraze lives, was a military and cultural fortress equipped with all defense facilities against magic, law, and physical attacks, and built an independent living area.

"Wow, long time no see."

Entering Kashan's capital, Miro's party looked at the castle tower of Aganos from the fountain in the city square.

The sight of hundreds of castle towers rising as if trying to stab the sky to death was absolutely spectacular.

'Terase... ... .'

During the one-year period given after being chosen as the shield of mankind, Miro traveled around the world and met various people.

Among them, the most impressive was Theraje Mystra, the Empress of Kashan.

It was the first time in my life that I officially felt weird seeing someone.

Unofficially, there might be Guffin, but he was already erased from my head.

"Auntie, how much is this?"

Bored of waiting until the appointment time, Miro wandered around the shops surrounding the plaza and shopped.

Armin and Quan did not move in front of the fountain, while Arius followed behind the maze with Shirone covered in a black cloth on his back.

"it? 2 gold."

"yes? What does this cost 2 gold?"

What Miro chose was a bracelet made of twisted three-colored leather.

"Cowhide, horsehide, camel skin, weaved. You can buy it for a very cheap price."

"Ah, cows, horses, camels."

Miro placed a gold coin on the seat.

"Give it to me for 1 gold. Even if it's leather, it's only a mouse tail."

The merchant woman looked at me as if it were absurd.

"what? How precious is leather in Kashan? Can you get it at half price? Isn't this a pure thief simbo?"

Miro struggled to smile.

"Aunty, do you know who I am?"

"Who is the lady?"

"This is the person who came to meet Theraze. you know? queen here. That is, the state guest of the empire. But can't you give me one of these cheaply?"

The merchant woman widened her eyes.

"Such a request! How dare you call the queen's last name carelessly! No matter how outsiders you are, this is the capital of Kashan! Get out of here! Before reporting to the patrol!"

When the value of Theraze's name didn't work, Miro mobilized the last resort.

"Hey, auntie. I'm the empress, and I'm the one who protected the world for 20 years by myself! If it wasn't for me, she wouldn't be able to do business here!"

The merchant woman's face was covered in shock and horror.

"Isn't this a complete idiot? people! Quickly call the patrol here! A crazy woman has appeared!"

"What, crazy woman? This lady is really... ... !"

As a commotion erupted, everyone paid attention to the stalls.

On the other hand, Quan and Armin in front of the fountain wished they were strangers.

"There is no such thing as a thunderclap."

Armin laughed bitterly at Quan's words.

"They say he was a famous geek since he was a student. It's not that people's personalities change easily."

"... ... But is it okay? I understand that the maze is a global secret."

"what... ... If you can buy specialties at half price."

When Quan turned around at the joke that was not the same, Armin shrugged his shoulders shyly.

"The parties say so, what can I do?"

Quan sighed and turned to the maze as a group of soldiers walked from the entrance of the plaza with a rattling sound.

All of them were heavily armored, and their waists were studded with golden amber.

The Royal Guard of Aganos-One.

The guards guarding Theraje are divided into three groups: close, middle, and circle, which means the scope of the queen's escort.

If they were original, they were the ones who guarded Theraje from the farthest distance, but even the sight of the castle guards appearing for the first time made the residents nervous.

"Hey, lady! If you've been drinking since broad daylight, go in and get some sleep! Where are the small merchants?

"No, why don't you believe me? Because I am Adrias Miro! The queen here called me!"

Arriving at the plaza, the captain of the guards sighed when he saw the woman arguing with the merchant.

"He said there was no need to look... ... ."

The order Theraze delivered through the chain of command was, 'Bring the loudest woman in the market.'

As the guards approached the stall, the merchant woman, who had come to her senses belatedly, stiffened with a pale face.

"Guardian, Royal Guard... ... ."

Not the rangers, but Aganos's Royal Guard.

What was even more frightening was that the captain of the guards came one step closer and gave Miro the best treatment.

"You are here. I was ordered to serve the Empress respectfully. I will guide you."

"Hmm."

Miro, who had been looking at the captain with sullen eyes, suddenly smiled and turned to the merchant woman.

The startled woman's lips quivered.



A leather bracelet of three colors twisted like a twist fit snugly around Miro's slender hand.

There was nothing to block Miro and his party from entering the castle of Aganos following the captain of the guards.

The ladies-in-waiting and attendants opened the way as if they were running away, and all the gates opened without even needing to knock.

The sight of the impenetrable gates opening madly, impenetrable even by the elite troops of one country, was a thrilling shock to those who had spent their entire lives in the imperial palace.

The captain withdrew at that point because the guards with the sign of amber could not go to the 20th floor.

When I went up the 20th floor through the narrow stairs, the Aganos Guard with the mark of a diamond was waiting for me.

The captain of the Praetorian Guard in white ironclad approached Quan and held out his hands politely.

"You can't carry weapons from here. the sword... ... ."

Quan didn't even pretend to hear.

As Miro and the others turned around the corner and walked down the hallway, the captain of the guards followed without imposing any restrictions.

Upon arriving at the spire on the 23rd floor, at the end of the hallway, 10 Fungjang personnel wearing owl masks were guarding the door.

The remaining 90 members had already been dispatched to various parts of the world in search of the incarnation of Ankera.

However, the remaining 10 people were the officials of the wind farm, and the spirits of collective murder that they spewed out in the hallway were enough to suffocate even the average master to death.

"Hey, that's terrifying. Did you spray poison gas?"

Miro, who approached with a smirk, said to the person at the head of the wind farm.

"Can you get out of the way? What's the point of calling and blocking?"

"... ... No one but you can enter."

Hearing a voice he could never forget even after 10 years, Quan frowned.

Miro didn't act carelessly this time either.

Even within the fortress-like Aganos, this room was special, and even Maze had a reason to enter it alone.

"Wait here for a moment. I'll go in at once."

As the door opened, the space in the room expanded, and Miro's eyes gradually grew cold as he stepped forward.

The first thing I heard was the sound of the door closing, and then I saw Uorin sitting cross-legged on a chair.

"It's been a while, Miro. It is still the same as before."

"Is this the first time I see you?"

We know that Theraze is mitochondrial Eve.

However, it was disappointing that the person in front of him was not Mystra's face.

"Whoops, sit down. Shall we have some tea? Or alcohol?"

"Before that, I want to talk alone. Is that why you called me separately too?"

Miro couldn't see anyone other than Uorin anywhere in the line of sight, but it was predictable even without seeing it.

"Crouch, stay out."

A moment of silence passed.

"It's fine. Since you've already been called here, you're not at a level where you can do anything alone."

At the same time as he finished talking, the window on the right side of the maze popped! It opened and closed quickly with a noise.

"Is that okay?"

As Miro slowly sat down on the chair across from her, Woorin, who was staring at her face, burst out laughing.

"You look like you're dying to hit me on the cheek."

"From the beginning... ... Was it all your plan?"

Miro asked Theraje Mystra, who was still alive in Uorin's memory.

"of course. Thanks to that, you too have escaped from the dreaded dimension wall, right? Yeah, about 20 years? How does it feel to be out in the world? Oh, that bracelet is pretty."

"It's not particularly bad. The world that came out after a while is also fun. But... ... ."

Roaring!

The incarnation of Banya, transcending the mind, rose from Miro's body like flames and flew towards Urin.

Guanyin's face was benevolent, but dozens of arms wrapped around Uorin in the form of different hand signs, as if crushing them.

"You shouldn't have touched my friend."

He tried to go forward alone, embracing all the sins of mankind, but he unwillingly dragged in Sein and Gaold.

Gaold, who was a particularly earnest believer, became a demon and was wandering through hell even at this moment.

There is probably no human being who does not feel fear from the killing spree of mankind's strongest banya, but Uorin knew the maze all too well.

"I know what you mean. So you don't have to pretend to be angry. I understand how you feel, but... ... ."

For the inconsiderate Banya, anger is also just an earthly emotion.

As the incarnation of Guanyin disappeared in an instant, Wu Lin looked at the cubic on her fingernail this morning and said,

"I didn't sacrifice Gaold. Because it was something only Gaold could do. As if only you were worthy of sacrificing for humanity."

Miro pursed his lips.

As expected, to Mitochondrial Eve, all appearances were meaningless.

Uorin, who corrected Cubic's position, raised her head.

"Yes, I'm sure you didn't come here to argue. Why did you want to see me?"

"You must have known?"

"Yes?"

Uorin tilted her head as if she really didn't know.

'She's a really irritating woman.'

It was an unspoken suggestion that if you need help, you should take appropriate action.



"I remembered."

The leader who guards the head of the wind field said.

"That was the prosecutor then."

When the owl mask was removed, the face of the woman who had appeared in Quan's nightmare was revealed.

His eyebrows were light on his snow-white face, and his sharp eyes hidden behind his thick eyelids were the same as they were 10 years ago.

The cost of refusing her offer severed his Achilles tendon and changed Quan's life forever.

It was only natural that he would get nervous when he faced such an enemy just a few meters away.

"You still hold the sword. I'll admit that you have the guts to eat."

Quan's eyes widened when the woman made a gasping noise and reminded him of the situation in which he cut out his Achilles tendon.

At the same time, the woman's eyes shone as if it were bizarre.

'What is this... ... ?'

The world was slowly tilting to the right.

As I leaned 10 degrees, 20 degrees, and 30 degrees, I felt as if I was going to slip, and my right foot naturally gave me strength.

'It seems to fall.'

Kuan said quietly.

"Don't offend me. Because I'm desperately holding back."

I'm sure I realized something.

But what kind of realization can the human temperament be so bizarrely twisted?

'I recognized my talent at the time, but... ... .'

A level different from that.

A swordsman named Quan, whose Achilles tendon was cut 10 years ago, no longer existed in this world.

'I'll have to catch it first.'

The woman slowly shifted her center of gravity to the left.

Then, the tilted world began to find its place, and eventually returned to a perfectly horizontal level.

'Certainly not easy.'

The reason why Quan did not readily draw the sword even in front of the enemy who ruined his life was because the opponent was a wind commander before prioritizing the mission.

'wait. One day, I'll cut off everyone's legs.'

Unlike Kuan, who was planning her future like that, the woman was all focused on the bizarre temperament she felt a moment ago.

'What was it?'

Unable to contain her curiosity, the woman opened her mouth.

"you... ... ."

Then Miro's voice cut the woman's words.

"Arius, come in."

The woman, frowning, covered her face with the owl mask again and stepped aside.

As Arius entered the room, Uorin raised her hand.

"It's been a while, Arius."

They met at Kazura Castle, but their circumstances were very different from that time.

Uo-rin, who was a princess of a country, became a member of the Three Emperors, and a grave robber of 7 demons became a faithful servant of Miro, the strongest banya.

"Lay it down on the table."

As Miro grabbed the end of the cloth and pulled it back, Shirone, who was wearing Armand's robe, closed her eyes as if she had fallen asleep.

'Shirone... ... .'

In a short moment, Uorin's eyes turned friendly.

=======================================
[524] New Covenant (3)





"Shirone. Of course you know."

Miro felt rather creepy from Uorin's friendly gaze that passed by for a moment.

From a biological point of view, a mother's benevolence is expressed because she thinks the child is hers.

Uorin's expression could be said to be the pinnacle of possessive desire that transcended desire.

Uorin skillfully hid her emotions behind her words.

"The fact that you are incapacitated."

The information brought by Cage Team B is already flowing in little by little to various parts of the world in the name of spying.

And the first place to encounter the intelligence was the temple.

Miro slapped Shirone on the forehead.

"As you can see, he is unconscious. That the taste is completely gone. I was wondering if you could wake up Shirone."

Uorin crossed her legs reluctantly.

"Why should I? The role of Shirone is over when Mirone returns. It's not a greeting that's so important that you have to go through the trouble of returning it."

Miro raised an eyebrow.

"Why are you like this, players? Shirone's role is over, but """ still exists, doesn't it? Shirone's ability, you will need it?"

"There is a difference between needing and helping. I can take a Shirone whenever I want."

"Is it really so? No matter how hard you are, Armand's chastity belt can't be easily removed. This will never work out."

Armand will not be released from Shirone until the price of the Valhalla action is fully paid.

After Miro's confident response, Uorin finally decided that there was room for negotiation and broke her stubbornness.

"great. what's the problem? If it doesn't matter, I'll stop. No matter what time it is, I just need to occupy Shirone."

"Questions are resolved as the Queen likes, and Shirone is currently paying the price for the Valhalla action."

"Valhalla action?"

Based on the information she heard from Gaold and others, Miro reported the situation Shirone was in.

It was fortunate that Flew knew the details of the Valhalla action mechanism.

After hearing the story, Uorin nodded.

"Surely, it deserves courage. It is the power of an angel. So Shirone can use both abilities?"

"The Valhalla action is installed on Armand. It won't matter since you're integrated with Shirone anyway, but it's probably different for you."

The reason why he gave Armand as a gift to Shirone was not only to clear the debt, but also to develop his skills even a little and inherit the ability all at once.

That's why it was unfortunate that the angel's ability, which is listed as the highest level in Valkyrie, was attached to a mere weapon.

Uorin, who had put aside her regrets, asked.

"So, what exactly is the price to pay?"

Arius said.

"I did a dive and researched it, and it seems to be about 127 years old."

"It far exceeds the average human lifespan."

Since Shirone is now 19 years old, it was said that she could only wake up when she was 146 years old.

"right. By then, everything will be over. But Ikael said that was the hint to get Shirone back."

Having said that, Miro looked at Urin's reaction.

If she was thinking the same as he was, she was sure to think of something.

"Hmm, that's right."

Uorin tilted her upper body and spread out three fingers.

"I think there are three ways to get Shirone back."

"Hoo?"

It was a higher number than expected.

"The fact that the Valhalla action has been triggered means that the law of causation has been established. But Shirone paid far more than the payment limit. That's the point."

Arius intervened.

"Payment is impossible, but it means payment has been made."

"yes. It can be inferred because it is not something that can happen normally. In my opinion, Valhalla Action seems to have secured something from Shirone in the calculation of causality."

"Collateral?"

"When I heard the description of Valhalla Action, the first thought that came to my mind was 'unfair'. Of course, it must have been a conclusion drawn by paying interest to the uncertainty of the future, but even so, it makes no sense to lend out the results of 127 years without collateral. So, in my opinion, it is not a matter of longevity."

Arius said.

"It's about time."

"yes. It is impossible to extend the lifespan of a human being. But when it comes to time, the story is different. like... ... ."

Uorin pointed to the maze.

"Like you."

Miro pursed his lips and asked.

"20 years ago, exactly 19 years. You haven't aged a bit since then. Why?"

"Well? Am I too young?"

I said it like a joke, but my heart was different.

Uorin pointed out a possibility that had been floating around in her head ever since she heard Ikael's hint.

"Of course, seekers like you might be able to sufficiently slow down biological activity through mental training. But for 20 years on the dimensional wall, you haven't eaten or slept. How is that possible?"

Because I knew the answer would be that.

But the problem was, no one in the world knew how he came to know it.

"Maclein Guffin."

Wu Lin said.

"Miro, the dimensional wall existed even before you existed. And that blocked Heaven's forces. After that, Guffin disappeared and you were dropped. You are the successor to Guffin. It's just that you can't remember it because it's been erased, but you must have met Guffin."

Miro's gaze shifted to Shirone.

"And what that Guffin passed on to me is also passed on to Shirone?"

Uorin raised her head and recalled.

"As I entered the third reset, the Great Purification, I had a question. Why did Ikael teach Ataraxia to Shirone? Also, why did Shirone's incarnation from heaven have angel wings? And finally... ... ."

Uorin glared at Arius.

"Why was Shirone's mother's mind equipped with the Guffin's security device?"

"How can I... ... ."

Arius was the only one who entered the depths of Shirone.

Also, he has never revealed this to anyone except Miro, whom he follows.

Miro said with a soft frown.

"I figured it out after the reset."

"yes. Living through the great purification period, I will meet Arius and Kazura again. Arius, who failed to steal Ataraxia, was chased by a walker and escaped with apoptosis. Secretly extracted information at the time. remember? The sleep magic you used to put Shirone to sleep."

Masters of sleep magic can cut a target's consciousness like a knife and connect memories without even realizing they are asleep.

Recalling that time, Arius swallowed his silence as if he could guess something.

If he had even observed the scene where he installed the door to Shirone, it would be safe to say that there was nothing she didn't know.

Miro glared at Uorin with mischievous eyes.

'This is annoying, Theraze.'

Shirone and Miro were very few cases throughout the world that were connected to the name of the Guffin.

But the problem is that Uorin will be the same.

'I'm sure I know.'

There is no way that Theraje, who has experienced human history three times, does not have a sense of deja vu about guffins.

He may be the only person among humans who can remember the appearance of a guffin.

but.

'I will never tell you.'

It is a secret that only Theraze knows.

Until he opened his mouth, he would not be able to dig out the truth in any way.

Miro gave up and turned his attention to Shirone's problem.

"Editorial is over, tell me first. Three ways to get Shirone back."

"The first method is very simple and easy."

Uorin raised a finger and said.

"Kill Shirone."

"Hmm."

Miro nodded his head in agreement.

"If you're sure you have collateral, killing Shirone is the easiest solution. If that happens, anything will happen. If you're lucky, you might die and come back to life."

Miro, who had been resting his chin on it, raised his head in surprise.

"Is there such a case?"

"About three times in all of human history."

"Extremely thin."

"But it is the simplest way. Even if you die, it doesn't really matter, right? It's a pity for me too, but I don't have much regret when I weigh it against the effort of waking it up again."

"It doesn't."

It has the advantage of being able to see the solution most quickly, so killing Shirone and waiting for the results was also a good way.

"Shall we listen to the second one? It's never too late to make a judgment then."

"The second way is to make Shirone pay his debts himself. This has to do with collateral."

"indeed. But how do you make a choice under a moratorium?"

"We will have to prepare a separate method for that. But if you can use the second method, the third method is better."

"What about the third?"

"Have someone else pay the debt for you."

"Oh my... ... ."

"The cause and effect of the Valhalla action is definitely Shirone's. However, the collateral linking that cause and effect is not Shirone's. So, the collateral... ... ."

Both women said at the same time.

"It can be transferred to someone."

Uorin leaned on her chin and looked back at the wall.

"Eating out of the rules. object. Maybe you need both. Ability to circumvent the moratorium. The ability to extract and transfer magic. If you have these two functions, you might be able to wake Shirone."

Miro, thinking of someone, pouted her lips.

"Um... ... It is outside the rules."

"You seem to have a guess."

"Well, can't you just look out for me?"

"I will cooperate, but I refuse to lean on you. Besides, the maze of the Adrias family wouldn't be too far away, right?"

When Uorin questioned dubiously, Miro realized that she had already figured everything out and licked her lips.

"You're so mean."

"Extract the collateral. I'll find someone to hand it over to."

"It's 127 years. Can you clear it up?"

"If about 10 archmages divide it, we should be able to pay it back within a year. If that doesn't work, we can hire 20 people."

Miro laughed.

"Anyway, sincerity? Sometimes killing is the simplest way."

"It is still the same. Hiring 20 archmages is okay, but it's like throwing away their abilities. No matter how much I covet Shirone, I don't think Shirone has that much value."

"yes? But why?"

Uorin shrugged as if it didn't matter.

"You are cute. I like this style."

Miro's eyes curved in a pretentious manner.

'Liar.'

She guessed why Uorin chose the third method over the easy one.

To find out what collateral Shirone has.

If the collateral was related to the Guffin, it would be cheap even with 20 archmages.

'This is an unfinished treasure chest.'

Miro, who had organized his thoughts up to that point, stood up.

Then, Arius hurriedly wrapped Shirone in a black cloth and placed her on his back.

It was a busy time, so I couldn't afford to delay.

"Then I'll take care of the extraction. Prepare for the sheep."

"Call me if you need anything. As long as it's a contract, I'll help you with anything."

"Yes. I will."

Miro happily waved his hand and left the room, followed by Arius carrying Shirone.

Outside the door, the leader of Fengzhang looked around the room for a while, checked on the master's safety, and carefully closed the door.

At the same time, Uorin's smiling face turned cold in an instant.

"Because the more debts you get rid of, the better."

=======================================
[525] Helper (1)





If a family is in the top 20 in the business world of Tormia Kingdom, it can be said that it has a top rank recognized on the continent.

For example, Dante's Airhain family established a company called Airhain Shipping and built a transportation network that connects the continent as well as the South and the Middle East, accounting for 7% of the world's cargo volume, and was the 14th largest business leader.

This may be the result of the military and political efforts of the Kingdom of Tormia, which has maintained its position as a diplomatically neutral country for a long time, but among such families, there was one family that grew in a unique way.

It was the Ardino family that Miro was currently going to.

Unlike other families who live in splendid mansions in the city, I could feel their secret just by having their head family deep in the underground mountains surrounding the capital Baska to the north.

"It is quite deep."

Arius, who was following Miro with Shirone on his back, spoke with his tongue out.

Armin and Kuan were carrying out other missions using their own organs, so Arius was the only one accompanying Miro.

"Because they weren't originally from a merchant family."

The more I felt that I was getting closer to my hometown, the more Miro's expression got worse than before.

Miro was also a human being, so it was not a change in emotion that is often seen in the free-spirited Banya.

"Are you concerned? I am a little surprised."

"The Ardino family has a different temperament from other merchant families."

"I came across the seal of Ardino publishing house often while studying magic. Still, I think it's great to be ranked 20th in the business world based on book sales alone."

"It's not just compilation. Being able to translate, proofread, and even revise private books other than official publications of the Society means that you have vast magical knowledge."

"It's fortunate for Shirone."

Miro walked the mountain path again.

"yes. But that's not what I meant when I said that my temper was different."

Arius lifted his blinded eyes.

"The Ardino family is a branch from the Adrias family a long time ago."

"As for Adrias... ... ."

"It's my family name."

The Adrias family, which boasts a long history, has been known for its asceticism for generations.

Although they are nobles, they do not collect a penny of wealth, and the families live in the mountains with minimal water and food.

It was not strange that a genius named Miro emerged from such an environment.

What we seek is the ultimate stability that transcends desires and passions.

Their insight penetrates the principles of the world and transcends borders and races to teach without discrimination.

That's why even in the kingdom, the Adrias family, which is not helpful at all in national activities, dares to go down to the title and nail down their belonging to their own country.

"Then one day, someone from my ancestors began to feel skeptical about the ascetic life."

Arius, who enjoyed the pleasures of the world to his heart's content as a 7 Magician, fully understood.

"I guess so. I don't think I can live."

"Of course, there was a unanimous vote against it in the family. Then, the ancestors left the family, made a new name, and permeated into society. That's the current Ardino family. Using Adrias' unique knowledge and insight, he built his fortune, and is now a mega-top of the 20th rank in the business world. But in reality, most of their main income comes through the dark route."

"If it's a dark route... ... ?"

"Magic. Because it is currently the most profitable business in the world and it is an area that no one can step into. After all, the publishing business is just a veneer."

Arius realized why Miro's expression was not good.

"In other words, those families are related. After all, the same blood flows."

"It wasn't particularly bad. Of course, public criticism fell on the Ardino family, but there was no particular friction between us. Worldly philosophy is also necessary for the world, and at that time, the Ardino family did not collect dark funds."

"Are you saying it's different now?"

Miro squinted one eye, tsk, and clicked his tongue.

"I only found out this time, but everything started to go wrong after I entered Istas and created a dimensional wall. When I talk about the 20 judges, most of them focus on me, but there was more going on outside of my eyes."

"I guess so. Because it was an event that determined the existence of mankind."

I just didn't try to look back because it was less important than the maze, but the 20 judges were decided and the impact that spread throughout the world would have been enormous.

"The Adrias family saved mankind. When this proposition was established, relatively Ardino was bombarded with criticism. It is natural for the hooligans to talk, and there must have been serious business and political conflicts. A mistress who sold her soul for money. A fugitive who betrayed humanity. Well, I must have been under a lot of stress because of this and that. Then, eventually, he started dabbling in dark funds."

"Maybe he resents Miro?"

"Well. It's because I'm seeing you for the first time in almost 20 years. Anyway, you'll know when you go."

After hiking for about 30 minutes, the two arrived at the Ardino family.

The building assimilated with nature was the only remaining evidence of Adrias' temperament before branching out.

The iron gate was not maintained and was tangled with vines and was not even locked.

Miro walked to the dreary building and knocked hard on the iron handle of the wooden door.

Soon after, the door opened and a middle-aged man with an empty cowtail opened the door.

"what? Today's reservation guest... ... ."

The man who found the smiling maze turned pale as if he had seen a ghost.

"you... ... you... ... ."

"It's been a while, Enrique oppa."

Ardino Enrique.

He was the current head of the Ardino family and a cousin who often hung out with Miro when he was young.

"Miro, are you really Miro?"

Enrique's eyes, unable to hide his surprise, suddenly calmed down.

"Yeah, I thought it might be like this one day. Was it faster than I expected?"

"It's bullshit. A person who has no insight."

Enrique smacked his lips.

"Yeah, I thought I was dead. After all, you are not old at all."

"My brother got more hungry. Whoa, look at these flesh wobbling. What are you going to do with these?"

"This, this... ... !"

Enrique's blushing face, with his stomach fat caught, showed a glimpse of his youth, even for a moment.

However, as expected, years were years, and after a long absence, a sense of distance was evident in their eyes.

"Why are you here?"

"It's sad. Is that something you would say to someone who has returned after 20 years?"

"It's like that since I came back after 20 years."

Despite the unspoken pressure to return, Miro rather kept her seat to the point where the other person was embarrassed.

Looking at her eyes, Enrique eventually turned to the house with a click on his tongue.

"Come in. Go eat some rice."

After entering the mansion, Miro laughed at the scenery that hadn't changed from 20 years ago.

"What is this? They said it was a huge rejection."

"It is not easy. Not only the upper ranks, but now the kingdom is watching too. Now that Adrias is gone, it's Ardino's turn."

The sadness lingered on Miro's face for a moment, and then he left.

Enrique, who was lying fat on the old leather sofa, took out a cigarette and the lady-in-waiting served tea.

"I came because I have a business."

"It's a maze."

Enrique nervously extinguished the cigarette he had only taken a sip of, and leaned forward.

"Can't we just eat and go? Because it's me, I'm talking to you like this. Everyone in the family hates you. Please, I beg you, just go."

"But you're the brother who goes there, aren't you? The head of household says that, but who can say what?"

"Sigh."

Enrique buried himself in the backrest as if tired.

"Yeah, you've been selfish since before. No matter how much I tried, you didn't listen."

"Still, it was fun because of me, right?"

Enrique, who had been lost in thought while looking up at the ceiling, burst out laughing.

"Okay, what's your business?"

"Where is 'Geumdong'? Is it vacation time now?"

Enrique raised an eyebrow.

"My son? Why is that child suddenly looking for him? He's a mediocre guy who hasn't even graduated yet."

"I heard you. So I thought my aunt would give me some lessons."

Miro smiled meaningfully while Enrique mumbled and thought.

Anyway, he is the head of the Ardino family.

There was no way that a person with great financial power and personal connections would not know that Miro had returned from heaven.

"I don't know what happened, but my son is in a room on the second floor. It hasn't come down at all since a few days ago."

"I'll come see you."

As long as he understood the atmosphere of the Ardino family, he thought that there would be nothing good if he procrastinated.

As Miro led Arius up the stairs, he heard the sound of lighting a cigarette on the sofa.

"... ... What are you going to do now?"

With the stairs ahead, the maze turned around.

The expression on Enrique's face, who could not see it, but was exhaling cigarette smoke, was as serious as ever.

"Miro, you know now, right? No matter how strong you are, in the end the world will only use you."

After a moment of hesitation, Enrique continued.

"Change your last name. Come on ardino. Then I will take responsibility and protect you."

Miro turned away as if it wasn't worth listening to.

"It's what I chose."

"Are you still rationalizing like that!"

Enrique jumped up.

"Honestly, I was surprised when you came to see me! I'm not surprised that you're back! You should have looked into it! The entire Adrias clan has been purged! You broke the only promise you made!"

"It is also a family choice."

Enrique beat his chest as if frustrated.

"How can you be so cruel? Do you really have no desire for revenge and no resentment towards the world? Since you saved humanity, our family is under pressure too! Do you know why? The world is afraid of us! They only used it to survive, but on the other hand, they are afraid that the second and third labyrinths will come out! That's why the Adrias family disappeared, and that's why our family went under the water!"

Enrique turned around the sofa and approached Miro.

"You shouldn't expect too much from humans. It spits out all kinds of sweet words when it is needed, but when it is not needed, it becomes more cruel than any creature. Are you saying that the time you sacrificed for such people is not wasted?"

"Not worth it."

Miro slowly raised his head and looked back at Enrique with a smile.

"Because that's Adrias."

Enrique was lethargic.

They were originally of the same blood, so how could they be so different?

"... ... Don't tell me to bake a meat pie. Come down when you're done."

It was Miro's favorite food.

When Enrique turned around and disappeared into the living room, Miro climbed the stairs and entered a hallway that turned at right angles.

The hallway, with its wooden planks on the floor, smelled of antiques.

Recalling memories of the past, Miro arrived in the fourth room and smiled mischievously instead of knocking.

"Golden Dong! what are you doing?"

When I opened the door and entered, a tall, handsome man was washing experiment tools on a simple lab table.

He calmly turned his head to the appearance of an uninvited guest, but his eyes wavered the moment he saw Miro.

Miro, for the first time, realized the gap of 20 years when he did not exist.

"Hey, have you really grown up? do you remember me?"

"this... ... Someone said it."

The man who dumped the Erlenmeyer flask into the sink gave it a toast and gave it a beautiful smile.

"Long time no see, Auntie."

It was Ardino Fermi, the first in Alpheas Magic School.

=======================================
[526] Helper (2)





Fermi wasn't too surprised.

Thinking that he was better than Enrique, Miro took Arius into the room.

"It's disappointing. I'm on vacation in the middle of the day, but I'm shutting myself in doing the dishes. I was going to make fun of you if you were doing something weird."

"Doing stuff like that while on vacation isn't particularly constructive. Why did you come?"

Miro, who was sitting on the sofa, turned around.

"You really remember? I saw it when I was three years old. Geum-dong, gilt-dong, when called, he came running with a smile."

"I have all the memories from when my brain was functioning."

"You definitely look like your mother. Your dad doesn't even remember yesterday. Oh, then maybe bald... ... ."

"Sigh."

Fermi was getting annoyed.

"Just tell me the point. Why are you here?"

"Did you hear that I went to heaven and came back?"

"I don't know."

Thinking that it was probably true, Miro took off Shirone's robe.

"Bad, how are you? Would that make you a little more interested?"

Fermi looked at Shirone's sleeping face for a moment, then turned to Miro.

"It looks old."

In the middle of the senior class competition, Shirone gave up on the evaluation, and I haven't heard from him since.

"Shirone was in heaven too. We fought for the fate of the world. Don't you want to hear what happened?"

Fermi leaned back on the sofa as if bored.

"I am not interested."

"Don't do that, listen. In heaven, there is a strange creature called Anchera... ... ."

"anyway."

Fermi stopped talking.

"Isn't that something Adrias can do on her own?"

Miro pursed his lips and smiled apologetically.

"Whether the world ends or not, I don't care what monsters live in other worlds. The same goes for Shirone. If I come back to school, I'll step on it, and if I don't come back, that's okay."

"yes? But why did he enter the Alpheas Magic School?"

"What do you want to say?"

An unusual madness filled Fermi's eyes.

"It has nothing to do with you. The Adrias family is just a legacy of the ruined past."

Before Fermi could speak, the Ardino family went through a lot of hardships, and 19 years later he became a regular outsider.

"I am sorry for the damage I caused. It's true. But it was an unavoidable choice."

"Don't get me wrong. I entered Alpheas to fulfill my personal goals. There are a lot of things that make money."

Miro got his smile back.

"Then why don't you try your best to achieve that goal this time?"

Like a cat hiding its claws, Fermi's madness vanished within an instant.

It must have been Ardino's unique temperament to change his attitude in front of money, but Miro couldn't get rid of the thought that he was trying hard.

"I'm not the kind of person who refuses to trade. However, if the other person is an aunt, I think there will be a condition."

"Tell me."

Fermi pointed to the floor.

"If you kneel before me and plead for fault, think about it. First of all, since I am also from the Ardino family, I can't arbitrarily trade, can I?"

"It's easy."

Miro was sincere.

"It's not that hard to get down on your knees. If it's Adrias' bloodline, you can change your heart like flipping the palm of your hand. So I want to ask you something."

"What?"

"Do you think there will be a difference between kneeling before you and killing you right here and now?"

"... ... ."

There will be no difference.

The Adrias Miro he knows is a human being who is not bound by anything.

"haha!"

Fermi smiled broadly as if he had never done that.

"just joke. Could I have my aunt do that? But you will definitely get the price of the deal."

"That's all. Even after all this, I asked a very cool person as a sponsor."

"It is nice to hear that. So let's get started. What can I help you with?"

Miro told Uorin exactly what he had said, and even confided in Uorin's conclusion.

"Hmm, it's called collateral extraction."

Like a brilliant genius, Fermi understood right away.

Also, I had a hunch that it would be a huge deal as much as the name of Miro and Theraze.

"I feel a little bit motivated."

It was fortunate that Fermi was motivated.

In addition to Fermi's ability, what Miro wanted was the vast magical knowledge possessed by the Ardino family.

"Can you extract Shirone's magic?"

Instead of answering, Fermi raised his hand on the armrest.



Transactions in out-of-regulation-depreciation.



Chips of various colors and patterns fell under Fermi's palm with a cheerful sound.

As the chips stood upright like towers, he tossed the top one into the air.

"Nice. What kind of magic is it?"

said Fermi, catching a falling chip.

"Summoning Magic Epoxy Tosca."

"Ohh."

Miro received the chip Fermi threw.

In a mottled two-tone pattern, an insect resembling a spider was drawn on the central decal.

"It is a large insect that lives in Lake Tuscany. It attaches itself to the human spinal cord, secretes hallucinogens and sucks blood. In a state of hallucination, only the truth is told, and when it is forcibly removed, it self-destructs with strong acid pouring out, so even the bones disappear within 48 hours."

"Perfect for crime."

"Yes. Of course, I bought it from Wangseong officials. The magic that the boss needs is at a premium, so I bought it at a high price."

"Can you extract any magic?"

Miro threw the chip and Fermi caught it again.

"Basically. Eating out or stealing someone else's magic follows complicated conditions or dangerous costs in the process of equivalent exchange. On the other hand, I don't care about the conditions or the price."

"Because it uses equivalent exchange itself as a tool."

Fermi grinned like an idiot.

"Exactly. I am just a middleman who completes the rules, and when trading magic, the intentions of the seller and buyer must be reflected."

Since the transfer side and the receiving side have already concluded an agreement, Fermi does not have any special conditions or fees.

"The medium that balances both sides is probably money. I roughly understood. So how do you measure the price?"

Fermi held out his left hand.



Regulations Excursion-Depreciation Transaction Agreement.



A piece of paper was implemented and caught.

"Price is based on the broker's reasonable judgment in the circumstances. Of course, perjury is impossible. If you set a price that loses rationality... ... ."

"Because eating out itself doesn't activate."

"That's right. The beauty of this magic is that there are no conditions the broker has to fulfill. Ultimately, the decision is up to the parties. But there is a problem here too."

"Are you talking about traders' problems?"

"Yes. For example, there are elements like 'regret' or 'remorse'. Permanently transferring someone else's magic entails a risk beyond its magical value."

"That's why depreciation was applied."

"The conclusion we came to after much thought was that we had to create the possibility of 'breaking the contract'. If we can go back to the way it was before the contract, customers' anxiety will be lessened and the rule of eating out will be stronger."

Fermi set the trading contract down on the table.

"If the value of magic A is 100 gold for a month's rental, the depreciation is calculated according to the contract period. For example, if it's 3 months, it's 60 gold for the second month, 30 gold for the third month, and so on. It can be transferred, as well as destroyed, and extended."

A smile appeared on Miro's lips as he examined the contract.

Depreciation makes any transaction possible within reasonable limits.

"great. When that value is set, what's left next?"

"We have to set a fee. I set a fee for all funds going in and out of my clients. Between 1 percent and 99 percent."

"Ku-k-k-k-k."

Miro lowered his head and burst into laughter.

The value of magic cannot be perjured, but Fermi can feed Fermi as much as he wants.

Of course it was natural.

Because there is no one who makes this type of eating out for the good of others.

In addition, by arbitrarily setting commissions, it was possible to induce a situation in which both sellers and buyers could swing.

"I knew it. To be honest, I tried to think that if it wasn't this much, the Ardino family was finished. Now, shall we listen? How much is the value of the Valhalla action you judged?"

Fermi rested his chin and was lost in thought.

Perjury is impossible, and only the truly believed numbers should be put forward as values.

Judging that there was no further calculation, Fermi slowly opened his mouth.

"100 billion gold."

Arius swallowed.

The other day, when I was going to steal Ataraxia and sell it to Zeon, I remembered that I was going to hand it over on the condition of standing in Theraje's line in addition to 4 billion gold.

Of course, standing in Theraje's line is much more valuable than 4 billion gold, and Fermi's criteria for valuing are 'according to the situation', but even so, 100 billion gold was an amount I hadn't even thought of. .

'Well, from an expert's point of view, that would be the case.'

It was Arius who thought that he should never do business even later, but Fermi's barrel was much bigger than that.

"It is based on a three-year contract. 100 billion gold in year 1, 60 billion gold in year 2, 30 billion gold in year 3. If it's a transaction worth about 200 billion gold, you can extract Valhalla action."

Miro wasn't particularly surprised.

It is quite understandable that the buyer, Theraze, would have handed out a blank check, and it was not the money going out of his wallet anyway.

"great. The fee is probably 99 percent?"

As if there was no need to ask, Fermi shrugged.

"Then we write the contract. Then, when the signatures of the seller and the buyer are received, the transaction is complete."

"I can go and get Theraze's autograph, but Shirone is currently in a moratorium, so I can't sign it. Isn't he supposed to just hold it in his hand and wiggle it around?"

"Of course it is."

"Then how do I sign?"

Fermi blinked.

"Why are you asking me that? My aunt has to take care of it."

"Golden Dong."

Miro said with a smile.

"Couldn't I have come here without finding a magic-extracting outsider? It's a big deal, but you have to take responsibility until the end. If you're a genius in the broker world, can't you find a way out of this situation?"

Miro floated as if he was determined, but Fermi was still agitated.

"How do I know something that my aunt doesn't know?"

"No, you know."

"Why do you think so?"

"Because Shirone explained the transaction of depreciation even after hearing about the moratorium. Does that mean there is a way?"

"Don't overdo it. That way of speaking doesn't put any pressure on the merchant at all."

"yes? Shall I speak in the manner of a merchant?"

Miro leaned back in the chair, arms crossed and legs crossed.

"At first, I wondered why they made such magic. If it's to make money, isn't the Ardino family's financial power sufficient?"

"It's a guess again."

"Keep listening. After all, what you want is top-notch magic. In other words, to use magic with astronomical value. Then it becomes clear, why did you create this magic?"

Fermi then looked back at the maze.

"There is only one thing missing from what you described. The condition you have to accept to arbitrarily set the fee."

Miro said with a winner's smile.

"When a broker purchases chips for use, those funds must be paid for in fees accrued so far."

'Sir... ... !'

A sixty-two letter appeared in Fermi's head.

=======================================
[527] Helper (3)





Transactions in off-regulation depreciation.

Fermi extracts magic from those who sell magic and provides it in the form of chips to those who buy magic and receives a fee for it.

Also, the price of magic is subject to depreciation, which is a constant decrease in value over time.

Basically, the buyer pays the seller and Fermi takes only a certain fee, so no capital is needed to operate the capacity.

However, if Fermi himself became a buyer and traded with a seller, there was a restriction, which was that he could only sign a contract with the profits he had earned from the transaction of depreciation.

Currently, the total amount of commissions Fermi has earned from eating out is approximately 600 million gold.

Of course, Fermi also had to constantly buy chips for school life and broker activities.

For example, the chip used to get a perfect score on all 20 items in the main skill test was called 'Air Basics', and it was purchased from a retired certified wizard and the price was about 10 million gold for a 3-month contract.

In this way, the funds that can be operated now are about 300 million gold, which is half of the net profit, but it was far short of the amount Fermi was seeking.

In such a situation, a transaction came in that could earn 600 times more money than the operating funds earned so far.

Fermi, who doesn't show emotion often, had no choice but to lose to Miro this time.

"I extract magic safely with depreciation. And with the proceeds from it, the magic is strengthened. Depending on how you use it, it's a very effective ability. The only problem is the fee. I don't know how much you've earned so far, or what kind of magic you've developed to buy these abilities, but if you're still not graduating from school, that means you haven't reached your goal."

Fermi's eyes went cold.

"But I proposed a deal worth 190 billion gold. Even with 99% commission. In other words, 188.1 billion gold will be in your hands in 3 years. Are you really going to miss the chance to buy something different from the magic you've bought so far?"

"ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Fermi shook his head and smiled.

Even the maze did not know the emotion contained in the smile.

Suddenly, the sound stopped, and Fermi said with a smile on his face.

"answer. After all, you can't lie to your aunt."

"of course. So it's better not to play trivial tricks. Again, the reason I came to you is not because of magic extraction. If there is no way to lift Shirone's moratorium, you have no choice but to find another regular outsider. Of course, 190 billion gold is floating in the air."

"Okay, I got it. I understand, so listen."

Having said that, his mouth did not open for a long time.

Fermi, who was hunched over and leaning on his chin, confessed in passing words.

"There is no way, not at all."

"I knew it would. What?"

Fermi scratched his head with a troubled expression.

"But it is extremely difficult. I tried to pretend I didn't know, not because I wanted to gain something more, but because I didn't even have to think about it. Dangerous aside, it's very inefficient."

"Hearing words like that makes Adrias' blood boil."

"Sometimes magic moneylenders try. Most of the time when the person is dead. In that case, there is only one option left."

Fermi snatched the contract from the table and pointed to the signature line.

"Forge a sign."

"Aha."

Miro let out a soulless exclamation.

"But how? If it's a magical contract, the target's will must enter, right?"

"So we need an illegal method. If the current incarnation of Shirone is in a moratorium, we're going to have the replica of the incarnation sign it."

"How do you duplicate an incarnation? Even if it's eating out, it's something you can't do when the incarnation of Shirone is asleep."

"It is not a copy. It's already copied 'somewhere'."

Arius suddenly raised his head.

"no way?"

Miro looked back at Arius.

"Do you know?"

"It is the same principle that I discovered Miro's trauma in Dremo. The human mind flows into Dremo through dreams. Then what happens to the mind of the dead?"

Miro blinked.

"Since the mind of the deceased is no longer capable of productive activity, it fragments and combines with other information. In the process, the remnants of information that cannot be combined are deposited in the lowest layer. Mental wizards call this information 'minority conception'."

Fermi continued.

"Minority conception is unnecessary information to construct the world. It's so common that it doesn't even need to be combined with other information, it's so individual that it's isolated, it's so bizarre that it's ostracized, it's all here. The world created by depositing this information at the bottom is called 'The Abyss'."

Arius answered.

"So serious. Information does not have meaning independently and is combined with numerous information. For example, if only 'apple' exists, I don't know what it is. 'Red', 'fruit', 'tree', 'sunshine' and so on refer to each other, and finally we can know what an 'apple' is. On the other hand, minority concepts are those excluded from this union. Because most of the information that makes up this world rejects it. Things like 'murder' and 'torture' are accepted by the world at least, but information below that is the exclusive property of a few."

"The combination of such information is called The Abyss."

"Yes. Of course, any information in this world will eventually become a minority concept. Over time, information entropy decreases, and new information takes its place. Therefore, the Abyss is like a tomb where information in this world reaches its end."

Information is all the ingredients that make up this world.

Therefore, Miro could clearly understand what it means to be the final destination of information.

"Is this the last future that this world can reach?"

Arius nodded.

"Apocalypse. Simply put, it is a fictional world that embodies the end of the world."

Fermi added.

"When the present changes, the Abyss also changes. But the fact that it is an apocalyptic world remains unchanged. It is a combination of discarded information."

"And there... ... You mean that information about Shirone might be sunk?"

Fermi went back to square one.

"Available. The reason why the Abyss is called hell is that the information of the dead is also accumulated there as a minority concept. However, in the case of a moratorium like Shirone, it is unknown what part was caught as a minority concept. It may be intact, but it may also be significantly damaged."

"If we restore that information and conclude a contract, will it have the same effect as the one signed by the real Shirone?"

"It is possible if it is properly restored. After all, it's information no different from the real Shirone."

Arius was skeptical.

"But how? As productive information, even if we enter Dremo, we will not fall into The Abyss. If you want to go, you have no choice but to die or destroy your mind through severe shock. But then I wouldn't be able to carry out the operation."

Fermi gave a meaningful smile.

"I can go, unharmed."

Miro and Arius looked back at him at the same time.

"You can go? how?"

"Information that goes into Drimo is combined with other information. The pattern of entangled combinations of extreme numbers is infinite. But even if it's strange by human standards, the information is perfectly intertwined to form a huge world. And only the information rejected from there bounces outside of Dremo and accumulates in The Abyss. thus... ... ."

Fermi's conclusion was simple.

"We can bounce off too. It's going outside of Dremo. The people who play on this floor call the area this. <The Undercoder>."

It was the first word that even maze said.

"Those who deal with minority concepts are extremely closed. Reality doesn't matter to them. Even aunts may be unfamiliar with it because they create and play in their own world in Under Coder. You will probably be surprised when you visit. There are a lot of really interesting worlds."

"In a word, perversion. Well, I won't bother asking about your taste. Then how do I get into <Under Coder>?"

"I can't tell you yet. It's useless to go to The Abyss now. To restore Shirone's incarnation, it takes those with whom he shares a close bond. But we... ... Isn't it?"

"Hmm, then how about asking your friends at the magic school?"

Fermi held out his hand.

"That doesn't work. School is my lifeline. Find someone who has a close relationship with Shirone outside of the magic school. They must also have some level of ability to carry out their duties. These are the two conditions I propose."

"Is it time for you to set conditions? Do you want to earn money?"

Fermi also shook his head without bending this time.

The fact that the school could not be yielded even before a transaction of 190 billion gold was telling us that Fermi's final goal was not simply money.

However, since it was important to wake Shirone right away, it was useless to argue now.

'Anyway, if you want to bypass the moratorium, you'll have no choice but to get Fermi's help.'

At that time, the lady-in-waiting called from outside the door.

"Brother, the meal is ready."

Fermi got up from his seat.

"Let's eat first. We can spend today here and leave tomorrow morning. In the meantime, I will finish preparing to go to <Under Coder>."

"The deal is done."

When I went down to the first floor, the smell of meat pies was overwhelming.

It was a doner coated with tomato sauce, topped with bacon and vegetables, then sprinkled with cheese and baked in the oven.

Miro opened his mouth wide and took a piece of the cheese-strewn pie, then put on an ecstatic expression.

"Oh, it is so delicious. How hard was it to want to eat this?"

"If anyone sees it, they'll think they've starved for a few days."

At Enrique's words, Miro spread two fingers.

"20 years."

While imprisoned in the dimensional wall, he was completely free from physiological phenomena, but when he returned to the world, his metabolism returned to its original place.

An unknown secret given by Guffin.

Also, this must have been the reason Shirone was able to borrow the results of 127 years.

'Writing a forged contract. Finding out what Shirone's collateral is.'

In order to resolve these two issues, it was necessary to bring in someone who had a deep connection with Shirone.

'I must go to Kashan. I have to get an autograph anyway.'

Enrique asked openly.

"So, when are you going to leave this house?"

Miro was lost in thought and didn't answer, so Fermi spoke instead.

"I will be visiting often for the time being. I have something to discuss. Right, aunt?"

"yes? Oh, yes. I'm going to teach you a little bit because you don't graduate and seem to be fooling around."

"I look forward to it. Studying the world's best wizard."

Enrique looked at the two suspiciously.

Keeping quiet even to your family means that some kind of deal has already been exchanged.

Also, given that the trade partner was a maze, it was clear that he was caught up in something beyond common sense.

'After torturing me like that, now they bring their children in?'

Enrique sighed and resigned himself.

I went through a lot of ridiculous things while getting entangled with the maze, but on the other hand, I had never felt that much fun in my life.

'Okay, let's leave it alone. Could it be that I will drag you to hell?'

It was a very friendly dining spot.

=======================================
[528] Helper (4)





Northern Eymond Republic.

The Republic of North Eymond, ruled by the iron man Igor, is famous for its reign of terror.

The society is extremely closed, the people are belligerent, and because of the tendency to commit suicide in matters directly related to their own interests, they can be said to be troublemakers in the world that cannot be easily occupied even by powerful countries.

They have a strong legal means of cutting off their wrists if they steal, but the crime continues.

In the Republic itself, it is not uncommon to see even street children wearing small knives, as the people's first requirement is fighting power.

Dormica, the only port city allowed to be opened to other countries, was a time bomb in the West Continent where all kinds of war weapons were traded.

Mercenaries, pirates, and ex-soldiers have settled here, and security is not known.

The reason why even Igor's powerful power cannot sweep away the forces of darkness is that the security forces are no different from other forces.

They usually receive money as a condition of allowing other organizations to trade arms, and in some cases, large-scale wars between the security forces and other organizations are fought.

Most of the ships entering the port were trade ships loaded with weapons, and tourists could not be seen even after washing their eyes.

So it was only natural that everyone's eyes would be focused on a blue-haired woman who had just landed at the port.

"Hey, this is North Eymond."

Miro was a tourist no matter who saw it.

Her long hair was braided and wrapped like a scarf, and she wore light makeup.

She was dressed in accessories perfect for targeting, wore a long sweater with sleeves that fell below her wrists, and the skirt was short enough to expose her thighs, giving her a lively impression overall.

In Dormica, the only women dressed like this would be idiots who sold their bodies or sold their minds.

"Whee! Miss, do you have any guts? Are you saying that if you go around exposing your skin like that in a place full of hungry wolves, you want to be eaten?"

Workers who work to deliver fish approached.

The waterproof overalls smelled fishy, ??and he had a bunch of kitchen knives hanging from his belt.

The bald man hugged Miro by the shoulders and pressed his face closer.

"How about playing with us? I know some really awesome fun places."

"Oh, I was just looking for a similar place. Where is it?"

"Where are you? right here."

The man brought Miro's hand to his groin.

"Puhaha! how is it? Do you look like a blue whale? I will never catch a fish once... ... Aaaaagh!"

The man's eyes widened as if they were going to pop out, then he grabbed him and knelt down.

"My, my... ... !"

The workers, who had been staring blankly at her unable to speak in pain, took out kitchen knives and surrounded the maze.

"Is this crazy! do you know who we are If you catch James fish by mistake, you'll be eating fish that day!"

Miro wiped his hands on his clothes as if they were stained with dirt, then held out.

"Ah, done. Do you guys know where the Ostoth Tavern is?"

The steps of the men who were approaching as if they were going to strike at any moment stopped abruptly.

The Ostos Tavern was one of the three forces that enforced its own laws in the lawless area of ??Dormica.

"what is your identity? If you're trying to figure out how to get out of here, don't leave it to your imagination what you're going to do right here."

Sometimes that is the case.

The fact that those who had no money and no strength mentioned the Ostoth bar to save their lives.

It was to use the rule established there, 'no attack on outsiders'.

"Because I don't know the geography of this place. They say it's at the Ostoth Bar."

As the maze approached, looking left and right without showing the slightest sign of fear, the worker also felt the need to check.

"Who are you looking for there?"

Miro, who was looking around the mall, turned around and smiled.

"The Fallen Virgin."



Miro arrived in front of the Ostos pub by following the road he had heard from the worker, and looked up at the 4-story building.

The first and second floors were taverns, the third floor was an accommodation, and the fourth floor was a gambling hall.

However, the place Miro was heading to was a place not open to the general public but known to everyone, deep underground in the Ostos pub.

When I went down to the second basement floor, there were two prosecutors guarding the large door.

I felt the energy of vigilance on the ground, but from here on, the temperament of living was different.

"Hmm, as expected, you're resourceful."

If it is enough to have a prosecutor of this level as a gatekeeper, it is safe to say that the almost ruined organization has been raised to a level comparable to its heyday.

Above all, it gave me more confidence in that it was an achievement achieved in just one year.

"What are you? Who let you in?"

"Have you ever let anyone in?"

The gatekeepers turned to each other and immediately drew their swords.

"Reveal your identity. This is not a place where puns work."

"oh? I am real."

After striding forward, Miro held out both hands in front of the gatekeeper.

Banya's Quan Yin field rushed in like the wind, pushing away the gatekeeper and knocking the door open.

About 10 people were randomly scattered in a 40-pyeong room, doing their own chores.

The room surrounded by stone walls was gloomy like an underground tomb, but the most impressive thing was that none of them were shaken by the appearance of uninvited guests.

The three men sitting at the table, smoking and playing cards, didn't even look to the door.

"Keugh! It's a raid."

The gatekeeper crawled in belatedly and called out, but there was still no response.

A man lying in a hammock blowing on a bottle of alcohol burped and turned his head.

"I know, child. We have brains too! Who is the guest this time? Snide, is that you?"

A tall man with a thick cigar said as he pulled out a deck of cards.

"do not know. There aren't any girls around here who look like that."

A moment of silence ensued.

The man lying in the hammock exclaimed in annoyance.

"Oh really! Anyone step in and do something! It's an attack!"

"Then you can do it."

"Puhahaha!"

Miro just watched as the executives played separately.

At that moment, a woman's voice was heard from behind the large man.

"Okay, who are you?"

When the man opened his eyes, he saw a woman with bobbed hair resembling a cat sitting at a table and bouncing an abacus.

Standing beside him was a pale man with no eyebrows, expressionless enough to make him look like a wax figure.

"Are you the Fallen Mother?"

"Some idiots call it that. But who are you?"

Miro groaned and moved on.

"I thought I had come to my senses after being treated like that at Galliant. I still haven't escaped the thieves."

Clap! Clap!

The moment the words ended, everyone in the room aimed their weapons at the maze.

The action was so swift that it felt as if two pictures had been swapped in an instant.

Miro glanced to the right.

Suddenly, a man without eyebrows approached and held a gun equipped with magic bullets to his temple.

"This is your last chance. Reveal your identity."

"Well. Who is it?"

The woman spoke at the same time as her finger on the magic bullet's trigger was bent.

"Stop it, Freeman."

The maze gave it a passing grade.

If you can't even measure the opponent's ability, you don't even deserve to enter the Abyss.

"Does the fact that you bring up the word Galliant mean that you know who I am?"

"Sure. The leader of the parrot thieves, Clay Marsha."

The leader of the bandits who were defeated after a fierce battle with Shirone and the others on Galliant Island the other day.

According to Theraje's intelligence, he is an excellent scammer and an outsider.

He used the ability to extract other people's magic due to the trauma of his adoptive father, but it was possible that he was replaced with another ability due to 'catharsis' from Shirone.

After putting away the papers, Marsha turned to the maze and crossed her legs.

He pulled out a long smoking pipe, put it in his mouth, and Freeman quickly returned and lit it.

"Yes, I am Clay Marsha. Then, did you think that even an angel with wings could sit there?"

"Oh, Shirone will be sad to hear it."

At the word Shirone, Marsha's eyebrows moved subtly, but she asked again for the smoking pipe with a calm expression.

"Oh, that kid? I don't know how you know Shirone, but the reality isn't that easy. What I learned is stealing."

Some strength can be demonstrated by letting go of something precious.

Realizing that she was a formidable woman, Miro went straight to the point.

"Shirone has a little problem. If you come, I think it will be of great help in solving the problem."

Marsha didn't even show signs of worrying.

"sorry. I'm busy these days. Find someone else."

"Actually, it is a very serious matter. Maybe I'll never wake up."

Even without knowing everything, Marsha was drawn in her eyes.

Perhaps this time, he would have thrown everything for someone other than himself.

"It's hard. But, as you probably already guessed, Shirone is not my taste."

He left Galliant and wandered around the world, growing his power.

He placed powerful subordinates under his command, settled in the port city of North Eymond, and fought fiercely while gradually forgetting the memory of Shirone.

"great. I'm in the wrong place. Sorry for taking up your busy time."

Miro, who turned around without regret, patted the gatekeeper on the shoulder, who was grinding his teeth, and left the door.

Fermi wanted someone who had a deep emotional connection with Shirone, and Marsha, who experienced 'catharsis', was the first target, but if he had already left his heart, there was no need to waste any more time.

"for a moment."

At Marsha's call, Miro turned around again.

"Why me? If it's enough for a master like you to go around looking for helpers, there won't be many without me, right?"

"Well. I don't know too much about that... ... ."

Miro shrugged.

"Isn't it because Shirone hugged her with her heart?"

"... ... ."

Marsha narrowed her eyes and let out a long puff of smoke.

"Everyone is out."

All the executives passed through the maze like a waterway and disappeared out the door in an instant.



* * *



A restaurant in the kingdom of Baiden.

Leaving Raffne Village and finally arriving at a place that could be called a city, Lian was madly chewing meat as if to compensate for his hunger.

Despite his strong body and the great sword on his back, his voracious appetite caught the attention of the people in the restaurant at a glance.

"Mister, give me another steak!"

The restaurant owner grilled the meat and placed it in front of Lian with a terrified expression.

It's already the fourth steak.

Looking at his outfit, he never seemed to have a lot of money, but the aura he exuded was seriously heavy, so he was suffering inwardly.

"Hey, there, guest."

"Yes?"

"I'm sorry, I'm really sorry... ... ."

The restaurant owner was almost in tears.

"Will you give me the money?"

Lian, who was staring at it with a blink of an eye, finally realized it and put the tableware down.

"Oh, sorry. It's the way it's going, so you might be suspicious. I'll pay you in advance."

When Lian robbed him of his travel expenses and paid for it, the owner finally looked relieved.

He mustered up the courage to ask if the guest's favor had relieved his tension.

"But maybe... ... Isn't your guest the famous Macha knight?"

"A knight of Macha?"

Ramdas's squire quickly spread rumors about Lian, but Lian, who had just arrived in the city, was a stranger.

Above all, he did not even know the name of Ramdas, the opponent he had cut down.

"Yes, Mach's knight. Rumor has it that he is as big as a guest and possesses the strength to wield an enormous sword with one hand."

"Hmm."

Ryan thought for a moment and then waved his hand.

"I am just an unknown prosecutor. Macha's knight seems to be a different person."

Some of the guests grumbled annoyedly when Lian spoke frankly.

Rumors tend to be exaggerated, but after seeing Lian's prayers, he was on his own.

"Sheesh, what is it? Wasn't it fake?"

"Yeah. Confusingly, he wears a greatsword. I mean, that's ridiculously big. I don't think I can even swing it."

"Are there only one or two people like that on this floor? When someone raises their reputation, you and I impersonate each other and get a free ride."

"Still, how can I follow Mach's article? It is said that he single-handedly cut down an entire group of bandits that numbered over 100."

Amidst all the talk, Lian's whole mind was only focused on food.

Just then, the restaurant door burst open and a furry man a head taller than Lian entered.

On his back he wore a huge sword with saw blades on both sides.

"Hey, where is the owner of this restaurant? Serve the highest quality steak and alcohol to the knights of Maha."

"Eh, Mach's knight?"

All eyes were focused.

Lian also watched the man while chewing the meat, as he had heard it now.

'That person is a knight of Maha. It's definitely oversized. Did you learn a swordsmanship similar to mine?'

Satisfied with everyone's attention, the man raised his chin arrogantly and pointed at himself.

"Yes, this body is the future great swordsman who cut down all the Red Spear bandits, the knight of Macha!"

"Pooh!"

Everything he was chewing on ran out of Ryan's mouth.

=======================================
[529] Helper (5)





People in the restaurant turned to Lian.

The hottest topic in the neighborhood was Macha's knight, so it's no wonder that he was surprised, but it was because he intuited something from the great sword Lian was wearing or the characteristics of his blue hair.

"Could it be that they are both impersonators? Or one side might be real."

It wasn't too far from Raffne Village, so it wasn't outrageous that there was a real one among them.

"But that young man himself said, he is not a knight of Macha."

The man who claimed to be a knight of Macha was embarrassed when people's reactions were lukewarm unlike usual.

Then, realizing that the cause was a young man with luckily blue hair who was wearing a greatsword, he approached.

"Hey, you. Is it funny that I'm a knight of Mach? Why are you spitting out what you ate and making a mess?"

"A knight of Macha?"

When Lian asked, the man raised his voice and shouted as if this was an opportunity.

"Yes, I am Lian, the Rising Divine, Knight of Mach!"

'Something like that.'

Lian also knew how prevalent fake names could be as she wandered the world.

Of course, I didn't even imagine that someone would impersonate his name, which is only anonymous.

"You are Lian. Then what's your last name?"

Rumors abounded, but Macha's knight's family was hidden behind a veil, so people's eyes shone with curiosity.

"Do you want to know that? good! I'll give you a special light today! I'm Ryan of the Ryan family! It's Ryan Lian!"

One of the guests pretended to know.

"It was too. Well, at least Ryan deserves the title of Mach's knight."

The Ryan family is one of the 7 sects called the 7 swords of the Kingdom of Baiden, and was characterized by exciting swordsmanship like the Ogent family.

'It's the Ryan family... ... .'

Ryan put down the tableware and stood up.

There was no way a swordsman from such a great family would impersonate someone else's name, but even if it were true, it was unacceptable for someone else to use one of the names representing the family.

"You are not Ryan. The swordsman named Lian is nineteen years old with blue hair, and uses a straight sword rather than a saw blade. And the last name is Ogent. One of the oldest swordsmanship families in the Kingdom of Tormia."

When Lian made a strange noise, the man staggered.

'What is this bastard?'

His real name is Alf.

A member of a bandit group, he was betrayed by his subordinates while leading a small mountain village, and dreamed of gaining fame by training as a knight.

"Stop talking nonsense! Do you think you will be deceived if you mention the name of another country? And how do you know that?"

Lian approached, scratching the blue-haired head.

"Because I am Lian."

"haha! Are you Ryan? what? Ryan!"

Alf's eyes widened.

"Yes, Lian. I don't know if it's Macha's knight or what, but I'm Lian anyway. So, if you want to get your name known, either fight it yourself or find out someone else's name."

Cold sweat flowed down the back of Alf, who never knew he would meet the real person in a place like this.

'No, I'm not sure yet. I go around cheating too, so what's not to say that this guy isn't a cheater? All you have to do is dye your hair, and that sword... ... .'

Alf couldn't lie to the true value of <Idea> because he had been wielding a sword in his own way.

It intuitively felt the ideality of the objet, which had no brilliance in its rough form, but could not have even a small scratch, let alone teeth.

"Hey guys, so who is the real Lian?"

"Aren't they both fake? That would be really funny! Fuhahaha!"

The situation in which they claimed to be Lian was ridiculous regardless of the truth, and the atmosphere in the restaurant turned into a circus.

'Damn it... ... .'

It could be the same impostor, but it could also be real, and more than anything, I felt like this guy was real.

'Do not be ridiculous. Give up here?'

The events of the past few days passed in Alf's mind like a kaleidoscope.

A rising star in the swordsmanship world, Macha Knight Lian.

The awe-inspiring gazes from people he hadn't received when he was a mere bandit, the unknown swordsmen who came to him with all their might to build friendships, and especially the hospitality in the entertainment district were the best.

'How did I come up here?'

The fact that I realized while living as a knight of Mach is that in the end, the world is all about name value.

It was the logic of the world that a person with the same skill but with a reputation would teach his subordinates in a safe place, and an unknown swordsman would be decapitated by a general's sword while wandering around the battlefield.

"shut up! I am Mach's knight! I am Lian!"

Alf decided to risk the adventure of a lifetime.

Here, you will defeat the blue kid and become a true Mach knight.

"calm down. I'm not trying to fight you. You don't even have to apologize. I'm just going to go back like this and tell you not to use the name Lian from now on. Isn't that the end?"

Alf couldn't accept it.

If it comes out like this, doesn't it seem as if the real and the fake have been decided?

"no! I'm real! If you want to use the name Lian, you'll have to kill me. Why are you not confident? Avoiding a fight must be proof that you are fake!"

A few people nodded their heads proudly.

They had their own reasons, and they regretted trying to finish with words what could have been done with fists.



200 meters away from the restaurant where Lian is.

Miro was eating spicy chicken skewers, a specialty of Weiden, at a stall selling local produce.

Every time she crossed the border several times, her outfit was also evolving.

Her braided hair was pulled up like a sheep, revealing her entire neckline, and she was wearing a robe much larger than her body size, with red letters written on both arms.

"Oh wow, it's spicy. But this is really delicious."

"... ... Where the hell did you come from?"

It was a strange outfit to the owner of the stall, but I just thought it was strange because of his outstanding appearance.

"I went all over the place. Oh, one more, please."

The stall owner handed over freshly grilled chicken skewers.

"Eat slowly. If you eat too much, you might get a stomach ache."

"it's okay. I even ate snakes in the desert."

"It's a fight! It's a fight in the restaurant alley!"

Then a man ran behind the maze and shouted.

"The knight of Mach has appeared! Gather quickly before you miss a good viewing!"

The owner of the stall looked at the crowd and said,

"Awesome. Mach's knight came here. If it's not the store, I'm going to look around."

"You know, too, the knight of Macha?"

"Everyone knows. Wasn't he the swordsman who not only destroyed the gang of bandits but also defeated Ramdas? Rumors have already spread to the capital of Weiden. What's his name, like Lian?"

"Hmm."

Turning her head toward the restaurant alley, Miro put the remaining half of the chicken skewers in her mouth at once and munched.



"Swing there! I'll scrape it off with a saw blade! Ai, in that case, you should wrestle! Close the gap!"

When Miro arrived in front of the restaurant, an arena had already been built out of crowds.

When the guards arrived, they disbanded on their own, so they seemed to be enjoying the moment by burning their souls.

When I squeezed in and looked at it, the aspect of the battle was quite bizarre.

While the hairy giant wielded a vicious weapon, the blue-haired young man showed no will to fight back even with a sword.

"Hey, what are you doing! fight! Are you scared? If this happens, the saw blade greatsword will be confirmed as Lian!"

The onlookers tried to provoke them, but Lian refused to listen.

While destroying the Red Spear Bandits, Shimma completely disappeared, and only you could decide whether to cut or not.

'Why are you so eager to fight? Do I even need to use a sword for something like this?'

Until now, Lian had been able to wield a sword without hesitation against people who aimed at him, but he did not become a particularly good person.

'It doesn't seem like a fight.'

that's the key.

It was because he did not feel any threat from the sword his opponent wielded.

'It's changed since I killed 100 people.'

I can afford to not be nervous, so I can see properly.

'You've become stronger.'

Lian, who finally realized his change, tasted a brief bliss even at the moment of battle.

"You bastard!"

Alf, feeling that as a mockery, rushed forward raising his serrated greatsword into the sky.

When Lian, who had been thinking about something else, came to his senses, the saw blade was already 30 centimeters in front.

If it had been before, his heart would have been pounding, but now Lian was seeing it properly.

'It's still okay. There is about a span of margin.'

Lian, whose inertia had been denied, twisted his upper body as if bouncing, and bang! And the serrated greatsword struck the ground.

"what? Wasn't that just weird?"

The onlookers murmured.

It was because the moment Lian avoided the attack, he felt as if the scenery around him was distorted.

Miro's eyes twinkled.

'It's a yaksha.'

With that, the judgment was over.

"You child... ... !"

Alf bared his teeth like a wolf, but his legs were slowly drawing back.

Axing, which changes the laws of the body, betrays the future situation that humans expect through learning.

The sense of distance caused the illusion of the eyes, but people who didn't know couldn't help but feel possessed by magic.

"I found it, Lian."

At that time, when Miro entered the confrontation area, Alf frowned and said in displeasure.

"What are you? If you want to go out with the knight of Macha, come later. The confrontation is not over yet."

"No, it's over. I'll tell you who's pretending."

"what? As little as four... ... ."

I said so, but I was secretly looking forward to it, so I couldn't stop it openly.

Anyway, if it's a half-and-half chance, isn't it possible to point to yourself?

But unlike the wind, Miro pointed at Alf's face as if he didn't even have to think.

"You are the fake."

As much as he was stabbed by his conscience, Alf went into a rage.

"what! Stop talking nonsense! Do you have any proof that I'm fake?"

"Of course not. From what I heard, the knight of Mach destroyed the bandits to save the threatened woman. There's no way that such a wonderful person could have looked like you, right? So you are not No, it shouldn't be you."

Reason disappeared from Alf's eyes.

"You damn girl!"

And the moment the serrated greatsword was thrust down vertically, Lian hugged Miro and swung the sword.

"Oh my goodness."

bang! As the swords of the two swords collided for the first time, Alf was stunned by the strength beyond common sense.

"crazy... ... !"

To bounce a greatsword down with two hands with one hand.

"Are you okay?"

Lian looked back at the maze and asked.

"Yes, Thanks. As expected, the Macha knight is kind."

"Go outside. For a third party to enter the venue of the showdown is to damage the reputation of the prosecutor."

The smile of Miro, who pretended to be a young lady, disappeared.

"You are Shirone's friend Lian. You must go with me now."

Ryan's face turned pale as if he had been struck by lightning.

"Do you know Shirone? What happened?"

"I need your help. Are you going or not?"

As if there was no need to worry, Lian mounted a greatsword on his back and announced that he was ready to leave.

"I will go. Where are you now?"

'Phew, it's much easier than Marsha.'

Even now, thinking about the conversation I had with the suspicious Marsha all day long under the guise of interrogation made my bones tingle.

"This damn girl is ignoring me!"

Alf aimed for Miro's back and charged.

He was the leader of a gang of bandits, so he wasn't the type to discriminate between a child and a girl if he was wrong.

"I'll sharpen your face with a saw!"

Miro's eyes, which felt alive, cooled coldly.

The moment she gently pushed Lian's chest away and turned around, a figure of Kannon appeared in her halo.

As the relativity of time activates as if separated from the world, Alf has a strange experience.

In the scale wizard's thoughts, time and space were split to the limit, and the palms spread like a fan and descended along the trajectory of the arm's movement.

The serrated greatsword engaged Miro's palms precisely, and then countless Kannon's palms pushed in succession, compressing the power.

Deed deed deed!

Just by squeezing it from both sides, the thick blade swayed like rubber, and the iron handle shattered like glass, spreading a shockwave.

"Aww!"

Alf, who collapsed with a scream, looked blank when he noticed the smoke rising from between Miro's palms.

As she untied her palms, the red-hot iron plate in the shape of a palm fell with a snapping sound.

"This, this... ... ."

It was in a completely compressed state like a thin film, and the iron that had escaped the heat was burning black.

Lian lightly shook his hands and looked at the approaching maze with an absurd expression.

"What the hell are you... ... ."

Miro smiled and pushed Lian's back as if he had never done that before.

"let's go. I'll explain as I go."

Thus, the final puzzle for the journey to hell was completed.

=======================================
[530] INDERCODER (1)





The carriage that arrived in Basuka, the capital of the Tormia Kingdom, turned quickly and ran towards the underground mountain range.

Miro and Lian were riding in the carriage, and the two continued their conversation while facing each other.

He ran from Biden to this place without stopping for an hour, but hearing about what Shirone had gone through through Miro's mouth, there was no time to even feel tired.

It occurred to him that he might have been caught by a great swindler who was on a different level than Alf, but Miro's ability to shatter Alf's sword was clearly not a skill created by humans.

Also your skills.

'Divine Transcendence Yashara... ... .'

Lian, who was lost in thought while looking at the scenery outside the window, asked.

"Do you know what the word smille means?"

"yes? Smille?"

Lian finally brought up her own story.

From the first time he reached divine transcendence in heaven, to the anecdote of eating Ymir's arm, to the anecdote he heard while receiving <idea> from his grandfather.

"When you hear the hallucination of smille, the wound seems to regenerate quickly. She's already made up her mind not to care about her, but I still want you to know what it is."

"Hmm, yes... ... ."

Intrigued by Lian's words, Miro searched for knowledge in his head, but had never heard of Smille.

'Theraje might know... ... .'

Anyway, since he wasn't here, I had no choice but to make an analogy based on what I heard.

"Ymir is said to be the apex of a creature that has reached the final stage of anecdotal art. If you ate the arm of such a giant, you might have the ability to regenerate. But I think a little differently."

Lian raised her head.

"Rather, I think I'm related to <idea>."

"You mean the sword's ability?"

"Rather than that, would you say it's an action that gets involved in something deeper? Grandpa probably extracted an object called <idea> in a dream. But as far as I know, objects are not so easily extracted. According to the guy I take with me, I have to go through very complicated and difficult steps."

"Then how did Grandpa... ... ?"

"I think the village where my grandfather stayed for a while will be a hint. It will also have something to do with the 80 million gold you paid there. In other words, <idea> had already been extracted, and my grandfather only paid for it and brought it back."

"But I don't think he would have carried such a large sum of money while fighting bandits."

"The person concerned will not be able to know exactly where Drimo came from. Perhaps the legitimacy of the dream intervened. Above all, if your grandfather doesn't know the world of Dreamo, then you have no choice but to understand it, right?"

"Hmm, that's right."

Miro raised his index finger as if to emphasize it.

"The important thing here is who the hell did the extraction if not my grandfather. First of all, the possibility that someone else was involved in the dream is slim, and if so, there is only one possibility left."

Lian swallowed and waited for the next words.

"Pedigree, or lineage. Thoughts that have been accumulated since the previous generations created <Idea>, someone extracted it from some generation, and the grandfather paid the price and brought it to reality. For now, this is probably the closest guess to the truth."

"lineage... ... ."

"I heard that the Ogent family has both blue and black hair traits? Perhaps the truth is hiding there?"

When I heard Miro's words, I felt like I had found a ray of light in a dark cave.

"Also, that's why I said that the ability to regenerate is related to <idea>. Isn't it strange when you think about it? A sword that will never be destroyed."

"Is it strange?"

"No matter how you look at it, it's not the realm of durability. Therefore, it is the realm of concepts. In other words, <Idea>'s ability is precisely this. The information that makes up the sword is never destroyed."

Miro pointed to Lian.

"If complete innocence was the will of our ancestors, it will also be embedded in the traits of our descendants. If bodily information is compromised, she quickly restores it to its original state. So it also explains why her hallucinations, called Smille, were heard by her grandfather."

Ryan shook his head in genuine admiration.

Having approached this far with only a small amount of information, I felt like a wizard.

"I think I know something. thank you."

Miro's face was still serious.

"You have to be careful, Lian."

"Yes?"

"Even if you say that in <Idea>, your body is not an object. If the action that happened only once when Grandpa extracted <Idea> continues to happen to you, Ymir's arm could have played some role. But even Ymir is a creature after all, and a creature has no choice but to have limits."

This was the part that Lian was most concerned about.

"Axing called Denai denies the law. That's why transcendental movements are possible without using the limits of muscle strength, but it's the same as if your body breaks if you're greedy anyway. And when that happens over and over again... ... ."

In the end, it cannot be revived and the body is destroyed.

Living with that terrible outcome in one's heart is something that only the person concerned cannot feel, so Miro reduced his words.

"Sorry. Hearing it would have only disturbed me."

"it's okay."

Ryan smiled.

"There were times when I was terrified, but I'm fine now. Even if the limit is next, I will wield it with all my might. It is the path I have chosen."

Miro nodded his head reverently.

'Is it a big sword?'

It seemed that the Ogent family's family tradition of overcoming any obstacles was intact in Lian.

"You have arrived at your destination."

The coachman announced from the middle of the mountain range where the road was cut off.

From then on, it was around noon when I reached the Ardino family on foot.

Miro knocked on the door, but no one came to meet him.

Raising her eyebrows at the sound she heard from inside, Miro turned the doorknob and the unlocked door opened with a creak.

"Puhaha! That's why, when I was young, I was very good. When I go out in town, women can't take their eyes off my face, and I've been hit by a carriage."

"Oh my, the appearance that God only heard about in rumors is jealous of?"

"uh? Ah oh! right! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Miro looked at Enrique and Marsha laughing and talking excitedly with wide eyes.

Only then did Enrique, realizing that the maze had arrived, suddenly cleared his throat with a serious face.

"Hmmm, are you here? They said it would be very late."

Miro ignored Enrique and approached Marsha.

"When did you arrive? A lot faster than expected?"

"yes? Nope. I came an hour ago."

"... ... ."

The sight of eating and sleeping together for at least three days passed through my head.

No matter what, the affinity could be said to be outstanding.

"When you want to look good to someone, embrace your parents first. It is the basics of socializing."

After whispering that, Marsha waved her hand at Lian.

"long time no see. But you've grown a lot bigger than before?"

"Thank you for helping Shirone."

Ryan spoke the words he had prepared in advance.

Seeing Shirone's work as her own, Marsha thought that the only thing that had changed was her size.

"What is gratitude? It's not something you do for free."

As we entered the second floor room along the maze, Fermi, who was talking to Arius, stood up.

"It's fast. I am also your aunt."

There weren't many people in the world who could find the two unidentified people so quickly.

"I'm busy too, so here's the contract."

Miro put the depreciation contract on the table.

On the buyer's signature line was the name of an archmage named Millward.

Once sold, the chip can be transferred to another person, but Theraze was not stupid enough to write his signature on someone else's eating out.

"Good. Then, now only Shirone's signature remains."

Marsha interrupted as Fermi held up the contract.

"Wait, show me too."

Marsha was also once used to extracting other people's magic, so it was natural to be curious.

After examining the depreciation transaction contract carefully, she nodded.

"Well done. By digesting chips, battery and omnipotence are activated. You twisted the concept of intake into learning."

In case there would be a need to take advantage of the depreciation trade, Fermi made his own chip and threw it to Marcia.

"It is a clay chip according to the Tormia official standard. The picture engraved on the inlay in the center contains the type of battery, and the mold pattern on the outside contains omnipotence. Once the chips are taken out, they have a shelf life of three days, after which they corrode."

"Hoo."

If it is applied from the moment the chip is taken out, it can be said that Fermi has no expiration date.

You can take it out and use it when you need it.

On the other hand, sellers and buyers must be able to contact Fermi within three days.

"Can I just swallow it?"

"Yes. The cells and omnipotence contained in the chip are digested in the stomach for the duration of the contract and eventually disappear. However, as digestion progresses, the balance between omnipotence and omnipotence subtly shifts."

"It means that the efficiency is low."

"Yes. When it is digested by 30%, it requires 1.03 times more concentration than at the beginning. 60% is 1.07, and 90% is 1.12."

"Isn't it significantly deteriorating?"

"You hardly feel it with a single cast. However, in terms of the total period, it is not negligible. Also, if you shoot continuously for a long time, there will be a difference in fatigue to some extent."

It was a problem that could not be called a disadvantage compared to learning magic only by intake without any restrictions.

"now! That aside, now it's Fermi's turn. I've prepared everything, so tell me how to get into Under Coder."

"Ah, that was the condition."

Fermi picked up a glass bottle placed on the bench.

It contained dozens of red pills that looked like beans.

"<Under Coder> is a realm that exists outside of dreams. The reason why I can't go normally is because the moment I try to escape, I wake up from my dream. Therefore, we need drugs that have special effects on the brain."

"Is that medicine in a glass bottle?"

"Yes. It's a stimulant called 'Dream Star'. When the medicinal effect is activated, the brain is awakened and connected to the senses of reality just enough to not wake up from the dream. So you can leave the dream without waking up."

Miro grabbed the vial and shook it.

"This is absurd. Do you think such a drug exists?"

"It is extremely difficult to formulate because you need to awaken just enough to barely cross the line between reality and dreams. It's quite expensive, and it's not something you can get with money."

"Are there any side effects?"

"It can't be because it forces the brain to wake up. Being addicted can be hard. But a few times should be fine."

"great. Any detailed plans?"

Fermi turned to Arius and said.

"Four people must have the same dream to carry out the operation. This is called 'address matching', and for now, we have agreed that Mr. Arius will play a role in tuning the mental frequency."

If it was Arius, who was quick with the human mind, he could trust him.

After all, he had no intention of endangering the maze.

"Okay, then preparations are complete."

"I warn you in advance, but the final destination is The Abyss. <Under Coder> is just a passage to that place. If the incarnation is destroyed, you may not wake up forever."

Since they had already come this far with that much determination, no one was shaken by the life-threatening warning.

"It doesn't matter, as long as I can save Shirone."

Hearing Lian's solemn resolution, Fermi smiled.

'It will be a fun trip.'

=======================================
[531] IN THE CODER (2)





At the point where 24 hours had passed since then, Miro and the others were still unable to even approach the Under Coder.

In order to go to Under Coder, you must first enter Dremo.

The problem was that in order to find Louver, a dreamer, he needed the ability of Lucid Dream to recognize reality even in a dream.

Marsha managed to achieve her lucid dream in only two attempts, but Lian was having a hard time.

"Do you really have to go through Drimo? Can't we just escape from the dream?"

Fermi shook his head.

"Under Coder is a realm outside the mind. Drug designers have tried several times, but they have failed. Dream Star only works in Drimo."

"Did you hear? Let's do it right this time, okay?"

At Marsha's words, Lian nodded despondently and went into the next room.

I followed the advice to reduce psychological pressure, but honestly, I had no idea what a lucid dream was.

"Damn it! Do I have to struggle to dream now?"

So the four of them fell into a dream again.

The dream he entered under the control of Arius was a slum with intricately connected alleys.

Miro, Fermi, and Marsha quickly found each other, but Lian was nowhere to be seen this time either.

The place where the three found Lian was an empty lot with scrap materials at the end of the alley.

Miro shook his head as he watched him wielding a rotten piece of wood and muttering something.

"I fell for Lilpin."

Reelpin is the opposite concept of awareness, meaning a state of complete loss of focus in a dream.

"You shouldn't cut it this way, but maybe that way is okay, and if you still have to do it... ... ."

said Fermi.

"It's a meaningless murmur."

"Hey! Ryan! Wake! This is a dream!"

Marsha made a horn and shouted, but Lian couldn't hear it anymore.

Frustrated, she asked Fermi.

"What must I do to get out of Reel Pin?"

"It just needs to be shocking enough to be aware of. But you will wake up from your dream."

As soon as she finished speaking, Marsha strode forward and hit Lian on the back of the head with all her might.

"Hey!"

The moment I heard a boom, the real Lian jumped up.

"Aww!"

I had been hit in my dream, but I was touching the place where I had been hit with a tingling sensation when the door slammed open.

Marsha stood with her shoulders raised and strong.

"However, until you need to hit it... ... ."

Marsha quickly walked in and raised her hand to hit Lian in the back of the head.

"Hey!"

However, it was different from the dream, and this time Marsha's hands were tingling.

"Why are you hitting me?"

"wanna die? Are you doing this on purpose? They say that even an ordinary person can do it with the help of an expert!"

"I'm dreaming, how do I know it's a dream?"

Marsha let out a long sigh.

"Listen. If you fail, Shirone will never come back here again. Are you still okay?"

Ryan's face hardened with tension.

'Yes, I have to save Shirone. But what should I do... ... .'

Marsha, knowing that the person she was most upset with was Lian, corrected her expression and read it.

"If technology doesn't work, try it with guts. It's unconditionally awakening in a dream. Think of Shirone."

"I will try again. Let's start right now."

And exactly 24 hours later, all four of them finally gathered in a dream in a lucid dream state.

When I asked for a job in search of Mongin Louver, he suggested three jobs related to love, power, and honor.

And when Miro and his party all refused, he made a playful face and opened a door in his dream.

"Go in. Dream whatever you want."

The party who entered through the door opened their eyes wide at the scenery that had changed in an instant.

The door that came out had already disappeared, and in a world covered in light fog, buildings of impossibly tall heights rose through the sky.

"It is very high. It cannot be compared to Heaven."

"It is not a building that actually exists."

I lowered my head at Arius' voice, and a dog with fluffy blue hair sat there.

Arius's desire to become a labyrinth dog was projected in the form of an incarnation.

"What do you mean by not really?"

"It's just information about the scenery. The specific condition of the building would not have been made."

"It's for ornamental purposes. Like a background prop in a play."

Then the ground shook with a thud.

The faces of the group who reflexively looked at the sky all turned pale.

"cotton candy?"

Marsha said in a trembling voice.

"who... ... Did you want to eat cotton candy? then don't speak I would have bought it for you."

"Nope. It's not just our thoughts. This is also why Drimo is dangerous."

said Fermi.

"Sorry, but there are more serious things than that. It's time for the capsule to dissolve. The drug effect of the Dream Star will be activated soon."

As predicted, the bodies of the four people lying side by side in reality trembled lightly.

As the Dream Star awakened the brain and conveyed the sense of reality to the brain, the landscape of Drimo began to vibrate wildly.

"Kiaaaaa!"

At the same time, the color of the cotton candy turned cloudy, as if it had been soaked in dirty water, and then released like smoke and hit the party.

"It's a start! Pay attention to the focus and run!"

As Fermi led the way, Miro followed and asked.

"Why are you here all of a sudden? Was it junk food?"

"It's because of the medicinal effect. We became aliens that we shouldn't be in Dremo."

Lian chin towards the front.

"Then is that normal too?"

Amidst the shaking of the world, all visible structures were falling apart like fragments.

The dream was about to collapse.

"Come this way!"

As Fermi turned sharply and opened the door to the building, the remaining four men jumped toward the door.

The scenery changed again, and the four of them were devastated when they discovered the endless open sea outside the deck.

"damn!"

They were in a boat, and no matter where they looked, there was no exit.

"What do we do? This place will soon collapse too."

"You can't get out of Drimo just by changing dimensions like this. We must somehow get to the edge of the sea or find an exit to a new dimension."

"for a moment! Something is wrong!"

The waterway swayed as if the ground was shaking, and the seawater began to rise high.

As if there was fire under the sea, all sorts of sea creatures popped out of the water and dived in an arch.

"I guess I can't make it on time."

It may be the end of the information that only 10 meters ahead is the sea.

However, if you believed in it and rowed and made a mistake in your judgment, you would be completely submerged here.

"I-over there... ... !"

Marsha paused and pointed at the sky, and everyone turned around.

A giant white pillar the size of a planet descended obliquely from the sky and was submerged in the distant sea.

The four of them stared at the empty space, devastated.

A child's face, apparently lacking a few chromosomes, floated across the sky, and a white pillar was held in the child's mouth.

"Another dimension is starting to interfere."

"Run away! Get off the boat!"

Miro buoyed the party up with air magic and flung herself out of the deck.

As soon as he desperately climbed up into the sky, the child's cheeks dug a hollow, and the water level of the sea water instantly fell and was sucked into the white pillar as if evaporating.

The sight of the planet's seawater being sucked in all at once was beyond common sense, shocking me just to see it.

Arius, who was riding on Miro's back, shouted.

"I found it!"

"where are you?"

"That pillar, no, it's in the straw!"

I found the only passage to another dimension, but I didn't even have to use a child.

When the sea disappeared, air began to be sucked in, and four humans and a dog also entered it.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa."

When the child blew out the air, beautiful soap bubbles were born and flung along with the wind.

Five soap bubbles burst, and Miro and the others looked around with surprised expressions.

Pretty children were playing with soap bubbles.

However, the aftermath of the collapse came immediately, without time to savor the lingering aftertaste of escape.

The children burst into frightened weeping as the darkness began to creep in from far outside the meadow.

As if in response, the ground shook, and at last countless slime-like forms descended from the darkness that covered the sky.

"Nightmare! Never touch! If you touch it, this world will turn into a nightmare!"

"Keeeh!"

Sharp-looking darkness rushed towards Miro and the others.

Lian, who was about to swing his sword reflexively, remembered Arius' advice and immediately put a denier on.

As the upper body twisted as if the space had been distorted, Nightmare narrowly brushed past his chest.

"Too many numbers!"

Although the speed itself was not very fast, each movement without inertia seemed to use axing.

Miro sent two Nightmares between his flanks and shouted at Fermi.

"Can't we escape by moving through space?"

"Can you keep the focus?"

"Have you forgotten who I am?"

"Then do it quickly!"

As soon as Fermi's words were finished, Miro took everyone and cast space movement, and immediately darkness descended like the sky collapsing and crushed the earth.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

The great darkness endlessly pursued the flashes of space movement, like the leg of an elephant stepping on an ant.

"Where the hell is the end!"

Arius shouted.

"It's expanding because of Nightmare! You will never get out of here!"

"Oh, really!"

When the maze stopped moving in space and set the party down, a huge Nightmare pushed forward from the horizon in a shape resembling a human hand.

"Let's do this until the end!"

Glaring at the Nightmare that was flooding in and covering the world, Miro held out her palms together in front of her.



Mind transcending Banya-Sunshujang.



A huge incarnation of Kannon was born from the halo of the labyrinth and pierced Nightmare's heart with the joined hands.

When Miro spread his arms, Hwasin took the same action and tore Nightmare's body from side to side.

"it's okay! let's go!"

Ignoring Lian and Marsha's absurd expressions, Miro immediately casts a space shift, sending everyone out of Nightmare's realm.

"What's left now?"

Fermi said with an embarrassed expression.

"It's a nightmare."

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

The meadow rocked as if floating on the sea, and then an explosion occurred in the ground.

The maze and the others spread themselves out and zig-zag as much as possible, but time slowly started to slow down.

'Damn it! It's night mare time.'

Explosive noises could be heard from all sides, and pillars of fire shot up from beneath the ground.

And finally, a gigantic explosion that was incomparable to before exploded at the halfway point connecting the party with a line.

Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

In the slowed time, they all rose up into the sky, and were spun freely by the impact.

Marsha could clearly see the slow-moving party as if they were floating.

As I passed Arius, who was pathetically turned upside down and his tongue was sticking out, and my gaze moved back to the flames of the explosion, a thrill I had never experienced in my life filled up.

A huge flame filled with hot heat spread out and became a single flower in full bloom.

Fire flowers are blooming everywhere.

The surface of the flower was shiny as if it had been oiled, and as it burned like gold, it lit up the world like daylight.

"ah... ... ."

Marsha looked at it with hazy eyes.

'It's a really awesome nightmare.'

At the same time, time returned.

"Wake!"

Just before losing focus, Miro wrapped Marsha's waist and flew toward the horizon.

Everyone was already gathered around her.

The biggest explosion spread a shock wave, blowing the bodies of Miro and his party hundreds of meters away, and just before falling into the floating reel fin, Miro fell and rolled on the floor.

"Whoa, whoa."

Marsha couldn't calm down her excitement, as if the fierce scene she had just seen was still vivid, and Lian also had a depressed expression.

"You have arrived."

Fermi smiled and pointed forward.

"This is the end of the mind."

No explanation was needed.

It was because the sunset I saw in the meadow far away was right in front of me.

Like a picture painted on a wall, there was no error in size when viewed from a distance.

"Information is no longer being generated. If you cross this boundary, it becomes the domain of undercoders."

Miro courageously rolled up her sleeves and moved on.

"Okay, then shall we begin in earnest?"

Miro, who paused in front of the setting sun, pushed her body as if she had made up her mind, and her body disappeared inside like an illusionary curtain.

=======================================
[532] Indercoder (3)





Lian, Fermi, and Marsha followed Miro and crossed the curtain of the setting sun.

In a space as dark as the night sky, lines emitting blue light ran vertically, and glittering lights like stars descended along the lines.

"Don't you feel like you're falling?"

"Precisely because information is transmitted. Gravity has nothing to do with it."

Ryan walked to the maze.

"Is this <Under Coder>?"

"You could call it an entrance. Since we are out of Dremo, our information is treated as a minority concept. When the Dream Star's medicinal effect wears off, we too will disintegrate."

"Isn't it dangerous?"

"Yes. Because the incarnation was not damaged. It will go down intact because it will not be combined with any other information."

"What about Arius?"

Come to think of it, I didn't see a dog with blue fur.

"He is not an incarnation. It's an illusion that came through our mental channels. You seem to have lost your mind so far."

The maze was passed without much thought.

"doesn't care. I will find a way to contact you. If you don't, you can't do it."

When the drug effect of the Dream Star disappeared, the bodies of the four began to disintegrate into sparkling particles.

Fermi said at the point where the decomposition that started from the limbs passed through the lower and upper body and left only the face.

"I'll see you on the middle floor."

"What is that... ... ."

Before Marsha could finish her words, everyone's bodies were disintegrated into light powder and descended along <Under Coder>.



"Ah, it's the head."

Miro frowned and came to his senses, and Lian, Fermi, and Marsha also had expressions that were no different.

"What do you mean middle class?"

said Fermi, looking around.

"Right here."

Hundreds of mirrors hung in a square room measuring 100 pyeong.

"This is the midpoint of <Under Coder>, a virtual space created by humans. It is to create a small world by recycling discarded junk information from Dremo. All incarnations of human beings in their entirety go through a filter and arrive here."

In front of the human footprints in <Under Coder>, Marsha suddenly realized how crazy humans are for exploration.

"Then what is this mirror?"

"It is a passage that connects the virtual world created by designers. It's called a link. The mirror is the communication protocol they set."

"Hmm, you mean they are connected to different virtual worlds? What worlds are there?"

Fermi cast the trade of depreciation.

The chip, which had a picture of a beehive of four horizontal and four vertical stripes of light, slid down his throat.

"Information Magic Information. It deciphers the protocols of the middle layer into real information."

When the spirit zone was opened, the name of the virtual world and the designer's code name were revealed in the language of reality on the surface of the mirror.

"Here, at the entrance to the mezzanine floor, there is a link to the most popular virtual world of the moment. I'll recite a few, so if there's a world you like, pick one."

Fermi listed the names of the worlds and the code names of their designers.



Human Taste-ID: Swaddling Pig

Dog and Man Love Story - ID: Animal Lover

It's okay even if you don't have limbs-ID: Only the head remains



"stop!"

Marsha held out her hand as if it wasn't worth reading any further.

It may not seem like a big deal, but when I listened to the name of the world, I was reminded of things that would never be tolerated in reality.

'It's a world where people eat human flesh, do bestiality, or do things like body mutilation.'

What was even more speculative was the code name connected to the name of the world, and it was clear that he did not feel any guilt.

"It's a feast of all kinds of minority concepts. You mean you can actually try it once you enter that world?"

"There are people who just watch, and there are people who actually play. The ratio is about 5 to 5."

"Of course it's not free, right?"

At Marsha's words, Fermi smiled.

The idea that she would have created this world in hopes of a price was telling me that Marsha was a normal person.

"Unfortunately, 80 percent of the content is free. Most of the designers are just crazy people who have no attachments to the real world. If you use paid content, you can pay with Dream Star. All they need is a Dream Star, and in reality they can be exchanged for currency."

Miro said.

"I roughly understood. Then where do we go?"

"No matter which link you follow, the information keeps crashing. No matter where you choose, the final destination is The Abyss."

"Then let's go over there."

When Miro pointed to the large mirror, Fermi looked at what kind of world it was through information magic.



Dead Men Tell No Tales-ID: A mushy corpse



It was a world of playing with corpses, and Fermi decided that this was enough for a beginner.

"It's simple to move on the link. It's the principle behind the world. If you just put your palm on the mirror like this... ... ."

Fermi's figure disappeared.

"Hmm, it sure is simple."

Next, when Miro placed her palm, the scene suddenly changed as her reality and her reality reflected in the mirror were reversed.

Feeling as if the reflection in the mirror was her real self from the beginning, Miro realized what the principle behind the world was.

"It is convenient. With this, I can transmit the entire information."

The waiting Fermi shrugged.

"That's it."

After a while, when Lian and Marsha arrived, the group began descending the middle layer in earnest.

The virtual worlds built by humans were of different sizes, and each had its own characteristics in composition and environment, but it was common that terrible things were being done so that it was difficult to open one's eyes.

Horrible screams, disgusting acts, the faces of people driven mad by pleasure or pain were already of a different species than human beings.

By the time I got on the rink and arrived at the 40th world, Marsha, a regular outsider, was also mentally exhausted.

The labyrinth of impermanence could have endured, but it was unexpected that Fermi even hummed and was happy.

Miro, who had been glancing at Fermi, asked.

"This place looks pretty familiar. How often have you used <Under Coder>?"

"He doesn't come today. By the time I was 12, I was completely absorbed in it, but lately I've lost interest in it."

'Twelve years old... ... .'

Although they are nephews whom they have not met in 20 years, Miro can be sure that Fermi is not a normal human being.

Ignoring the horrible screams, Fermi continued.

"At one time, I was also the designer of this place. The name of the world, revenge is mine. It was a virtual world where you could embodied the object you hated and take revenge to your heart's content. There, my aunt was also bullied quite a lot by me."

No matter how virtual it is, it would be a frightening thing to walk with the person who tortured you with the same information as yourself.

But instead, Miro burst into laughter.

"Ho-ho-ho! Could it have been popular?"

"Nope. In the beginning, there were times when we were in the top 1,000 of the mid-tier popularity rankings, but the number of guests gradually decreased. If new information was not updated, I couldn't survive in the middle layer, so the world I created eventually sank into The Abyss."

"Hmm, that's unfortunate."

"At the time, my pride was hurt. While thinking about how to make her popular, she realized one thing. Was I having fun with torturing and killing her aunt? Come to think of it, it wasn't. What do you think is the reason?"

Miro put her finger on her chin and tried to think.

"Um, well. Because it's not real?"

"Nope."

Fermi stopped and looked around the maze.

"Because I 'know' it's not real."

Only being locked up is real.

The moment the lid is opened, all concepts are bound to come out and change into new meanings.

"The moment you think that you can go out anytime, all your senses become fake. I haven't been here since then. It's not a place for a realist like me."

'I can go out anytime.'

Miro savored Fermi's words.

In a virtual world created by humans, everyone knows this, but in this reality, no one, including her, could truly think about it.

"Now you have arrived. This is the last virtual world."

The place where Link arrived was a virtual world where parts of the body were amputated and replaced with each other.

I don't know why it's fun, but the dismembered people were ecstatic, and the man with multiple arms was narcissistic with a satisfied expression.

When I got out of it, I finally came to a darkly lit room with only one mirror installed.

Fermi cast an information spell to decipher the information.



warning. This is the exit of the middle floor. Anyone who doesn't want to go to The Abyss, wake up from your dreams.



"... ... It says."

"Awakening from a dream, can I just wait?"

"There is a special method. Anyone who enjoys <Under Coder> knows that. But even that is possible because it is a world created by humans. The Abyss is an automatic assembly of Minority Concepts. No information will give us consideration."

Fermi gave a final caution.

"I warn you, but once you enter The Abyss, I don't even know how to get back. Maybe there is no other way."

"No, definitely."

Miro said.

"Because my friend is back. So there must be a way."

Of course, there would be no need to bring up the story that I had gone there again now.

Marsha asked.

"I'd like to hear it before I go, but in exactly what state does Shirone exist in The Abyss? If it's a completely different world, then there's the problem of adapting. I don't think there will be a magic school."

"The combination patterns of information cannot be predicted by humans. However, they will be combined in the most appropriate form in the world of The Abyss. If there is a magic school, of course you are a student there."

"Hmm, so in the end, it means that the most familiar information exists in a combined state."

"Yes. That's why we need two people."

If it were two people, they were none other than Marsha and Lian.

"You mean that if we had a strong rapport in real life, we would have a high affinity for information with Shirone, right?"

"Yes. The closer the two people's information penetrates, the higher the chance that Shirone's damaged information will be restored. In other words, it cuts off the information associated with the Abyss and injects your information."

"Okay, I understand. Then let's go in."

The four of them stopped side by side, looking at the last mirror on the way to The Abyss.

The way to return is still unclear, and the world there must have accumulated the worst information, comparable to the middle layer of <Under Coder>.

'The destination of information. In other words, the end of this world.'

It was natural to be nervous as it was an unknown world that even Fermi, who had visited <Under Coder> like a meal, had never gone down to.

Miro took a deep breath and pointed to the mirror.

"Okay then, who shall we start with? The one who will be the first tourist on the Journey to Hell."

Lian said without giving anyone a chance to step out.

"I'll go down and wait."

When Lian held out his hand, the two Lians joined right hands across the mirror.

As Lian in the mirror became real, Lian's body in reality disappeared as if it had been an illusion from the beginning.

"Wow, he's a man too."

"Hey, let's go. Could there be anything worse than dying?"

As Marsha continued to ride the rink out, Miro looked back at Fermi and smiled.

"Are you going too? Aren't you supposed to make money? Or were you thinking of leaving me behind?"

"No way."

Fermi smiled bitterly and reached for the mirror.

It's not that I didn't think about it, but I didn't think that I could take revenge on Miro in the world to the extent that I fell into The Abyss.

'I'm going to do it step by step.'

As Fermi entered the Abyss, Miro smiled at his reflection in the mirror.

"It's fine. Because it is where you are."

Leaving words unintelligible to others, the labyrinth took the first step toward an endless hell.

=======================================
[533] Last World (1)





The Abyss is a virtual world that realizes the end of the future based on current information.

It would be foolish to estimate the size of an information dump, but Miro and the others were certain that they would be able to meet Shirone.

This is because, no matter how lax the Abyss is, all humans are connected to the information of the world most familiar to humans.

However, since it is the destination of information, that world will be the farthest future that current information can reach.

Of course, Shirone's information was also permeated in a state that the Abyss could 'accept most appropriately'.

The name of this world that someone would have named for the first time was Apocalypse.



* * *



A ruined skyscraper.

Buildings exposed their steel frames like fleshy creatures, and cars with their engines turned off were nailed to place like fossils.

"Ha-mei, come quickly, quickly!"

A boy and girl under the age of 10 emerged from the terrible ruins.

As a race called 'Children of the Sun', they were the last descendant of mankind who suffered numerous nuclear wars and cataclysms on a cosmic scale.

Dark skin with green hair was their unique characteristic of life activities through photosynthesis.

Therefore, the digestive system is only needed to consume water, and food that is harsher than water is not swallowed even for fun.

"Thank you, brother. You don't know how reassuring Wood is when he says his brother is following him. Sorry for the difficult request."

"It's not like you're talking like an adult that hasn't even fallen off yet."

Although they are about a year old, to the Wood family, Hamei, who was about to start 'gathering', seemed young.

"tooth! Oppa hasn't fallen yet either!"

Like fruits, the children of the sun have a crown on the top of their heads, and as time goes on, they shrink and eventually fall off.

"Okay, let's go quickly. Because there is a set time for entering the Tree of Life'."

said Woodgar, hastening his way.

"Since you are eight years old now, you have to 'gather'. It's an important job that slaves can't do. Take a good look at the road today and memorize it."

"But you have to go through the 'pollution zone'."

"Do not worry about it. Just do what I tell you to do."

The Children of the Sun skillfully made their way through the dangerous terrain and into the city.

"Hahaha! There it is!"

Then, suddenly, a high-pitched shout was heard.

Reflexively pressing Hamei's head down, Udgar quietly peeked out of the corner.

'It's an underground person!'

Those with long arms and hair growing below their ears were skilfully stepping on the rubble and ascending to a high place.

The Children of the Sun never acknowledged it, but they were also another human living in the apocalypse.

Commonly known as underground.

They were a species with the intelligence of a human and the physical abilities of a monkey, and they ate through 'hunting'.

'If I had to meet you here... ... !'

The reason underground people are dangerous is because they use weapons from ancient civilizations buried underground.

Those currently hunting were also running with machine guns and bombs attached to them.

"I will eat! Something to eat!"

After escaping through the complex wreck like a snake's hole, the seven underground men aimed at the fish flying in the sky.

As the sea dried up, certain fish evolved to fly by filling their swim bladders with gases lighter than air.

"Shoot! Crush it!"

One magazine was quickly emptied as the underground man pulled the trigger, his long arm swinging back and forth with the recoil.

Whoa! Whoa!

Rajet, the sky fish, emitted a jet stream toward the anus with a strange noise.

Escaping using a jet engine was the only way to survive for fish whose durability was poor due to their reduced weight.

When the bullet penetrated Rajet, his torso rapidly shrank and fell to the ground.

"Right! The eyeballs are mine!"

There will be very little flesh, but it will still be enough for 7 people to barely last a day.

When the shrunken fish fell to the ground, all seven of them rushed in and dismantled the fish with their bare hands.

"delicious! delicious!"

Hamei, who was spying on the sight of him pushing into his mouth without even checking what he was holding in his hand, shuddered.

"It's terrible."

Eating food is just what an underground person must do to survive.

However, it was a terrible sight for the children of the sun, who had a strong dislike for the activity itself, to eat.

"It is now. Let's take advantage of the crazy gap and get out."

Udgar took Hamei across the road.

The two of them wiped the sweat from their foreheads only after running three more blocks, holding their hearts so tense that their hearts would explode.

"Whoa, that's okay. From here... ... ."

Woodgar stopped talking abruptly.

It was because I spotted an underground man approaching from the other side of the road.

He wore a rusty pot like a bulletproof helmet, a bullet belt slung over his shoulder, and a heavy machine gun in both hands.

"It's meat!"

The underground man, who looked like a hairless monkey, salivated at the children of the sun and fired his machine gun.

As if there was no concept of aiming and shooting, the buildings were shattered as they were roughly leveled in front.

"run! Run, Hamei!"

Not knowing that their skin was being scratched by the building's steel frame, the two ran frantically down the street.

"Ouch!"

At that time, something caught Hamei's feet.

As she fell forward without even falling, Woodgar's eyes turned to her in shock.

"Dangerous! Hamey!"

"Yah-hoo-oh!"

Like a monkey climbing a tree, an underground man jumped out of a traffic light and pointed a gun at him.

"I have to eat it all by myself!"

Kyaaaaaa!

At that time, a huge grotesque bird flew in from the other side and snatched the underground man with its huge beak.

Having wings means that they are carnivores.

It was a gamble to achieve explosive speed in a world where energy sources were scarce, but it was a choice to be faster than the jet engines of air-eating creatures.

As if the roar of the gunfire had been swallowed up as well, the grotesque bird faded away, and Woodgar, his legs loosened, sat down on the floor.

"Whoa, I almost died. Hamei, are you okay?"

When there was no answer, Woodgar raised his head and found Hamei looking at the ground from the spot where he fell.

"Hey, what are you doing? Are you hurt?"

"... ... Brother, look at this."

It was only then that Woodgar stood up, startled to realize what she was looking at.

"Get out of the way for a second."

After sweeping the soil from the glass coffin that had risen to the ground, I was finally convinced.

"It is real. This is the resting place of the ancients'."

The shelter of the ancients was a personal capsule in which the people who lived before the world collapsed.

For the children of the sun, slave labor was added, and for the underground people, it was the finest food with a lot of lean meat, so the day the capsule was discovered could be seen as a so-called jackpot.

"Let's get it out! Help me!"

"But what about gathering'? There is a set time to enter the tree of life."

"You'll have one more chance before the sun goes down. When you return to the 'Hive', say that you found this. Then you will be able to receive the grace of Ra."

"... ... The Grace of Ra?"

Hamei, who had imagined a sweet time, excavated the capsule along with the unbeatable Chuck Wood family.

Although inferior to those of the underground, even the children of the sun had enough stamina and strength to survive the apocalypse.

When the capsule was unearthed without difficulty, the two were able to identify a blond-haired boy sleeping in a glass coffin.

"Wow, the flesh is so white."

"Let's open it. I've seen my brothers do it before when I went out to gather."

When the soil was removed, under the glass tube, there was a large inscription in the language of the ancients.



Silence Artificial Hibernation Co., Ltd.



"If you touch somewhere here... ... ."

When I pressed the green button, the capsule shook and the light came on, and I heard a woman's voice as the engine started.

- system up and running. Unhibernate subject code number 10111-111001.

- Hibernation time 2,473 years 287 days 14 hours 9 minutes 42 seconds.

The capsule, which had been silent as if lost in thought, reported the results after a while.

- Lack of memory power. Loss of user information. Release hibernation.

Suddenly, the glass panes ricocheted away with a bang.

Then, as smoke billowed as if it were on fire, Hamei grabbed Woodga's arm.

"Are you really okay, brother?"

"Do not worry about it. Because it doesn't explode. The same smoke came out when the older brothers woke up the Ancients before."

After the smoke cleared, the two looked inside the capsule.

The whole process was over, but the blonde-haired boy was still asleep and showed no signs of waking up.

"What do we do? Should I wake up? hey, hey Open your eyes."

"Huh!"

The moment Woodgar grabbed him by the shoulder and shook him, the boy's eyes widened and his upper body jumped up.

"... ... done. I really woke up."

The boy gasped for breath, unable to even blink, like someone waking up from a nightmare.

Then I looked around to see if I had come to my senses.

'Where are you? What happened?'

Many memories were lost, and it was not even clear who he was.

Woodga, who met the boy's eyes, spoke in an overbearing voice as he had heard from his brothers.

"What, what are you looking at? If you wake up, come out soon. From now on, you are a slave to our colony!"

'I can't understand what you're saying.'

The boy ignored Woodgar and went back to his thoughts.

Memories were jumbled, as information was combined into forms most familiar to the world of Apocalypse.

'I definitely have memories of going into hibernation... ... .'

On the one hand, the memory of living in a world where strange abilities were used remained like a dream.

The problem was that I didn't know which one was real information.

"Eight! Hey, can't you come out soon?"

Udgar grabbed the boy's arm and pulled him away, and a terrified Hamei grabbed hold of the boy's arm to stop him.

"Brother, don't do that! What if you get angry and do harm to us?"

"The more you do, the stronger you have to go. You are not a complete slave until you are baptized by Ra."

'Wow, what strength is a child... ... !'

The boy got out of the capsule, surprised by the strength of the new human being rather than displeased.

In any case, they were the ones who made me wake up again.

"Ah, thank you. But where is this place? No, how long has it been?"

The reason why people are not too surprised to see the world in ruins is because it was foretold from the moment they decided to hibernate.

Unintelligible, Woodga beat her chest and said.

"I am Woodga. And this is Hamei. When you go to the colony later, you must tell Hamei that he found you. Understand?"

'Wood. hamay. It must be the name.'

"What's your name?"

Woodgar pointed, and the boy thought again.

'My Name. Who the hell am I?'

Then, suddenly, as if my head was about to break, a headache rushed in, and the memories that were broken like shrapnel scratched through my brain.



-The 2nd power plant collapsed! Out of print! You can't hibernate everyone!

-shut up! The people waiting in the capsule are still awake!

-But!

-At least one more person can be saved! for humanity! We will survive to the end!

The conversation the researchers were shouting at was clearly heard in the ears of the boy lying in the capsule.

After a while, a golden cord passed inside the glass coffin, and his eyes, trapped inside, shook with anxiety.

-Sigh! Sigh! Sigh!

- Activate the artificial hibernation system. Molecular activity ceases. Minus 273 degrees Celsius.

- Aaaaaa!

The memory was cut off as if cut with a knife.



"Keuuugh!"

The boy held his head and suffered in the flood of all kinds of false information.

"what's the matter? It's fine?"

The moment Woodgar approached anxiously, a piece of information that was at least close to the truth flashed into the boy's mind.

"as... ... ."

"as?"

"It's Rossi. My name will be Rossine. maybe... ... ."

=======================================
[534] Last World (2)





Woodga pointed in the direction without putting the name out loud.

"Now we have to gather from the Tree of Life. If you want to live here in the future, you better listen to me."

When the boy did not understand, Woodgar smacked his lips.

"Well, if you receive the grace of Ra, then you will understand. Anyway, let's go. There is no time."

The boy looked back at the destroyed world with a distraught expression.

'No matter how much it perishes like this.'

Looking back at the memories before hibernation, no matter how great a disaster occurred, the world wasn't ruined to this extent.

'Let's not fret. Memories will come back with time.'

Woodgar, whose expression hardened the further he went downtown, finally stopped with a pale face.

"brother... ... It is a polluted area."

The fact that the dozens of stories of buildings are still maintaining their shape was a stark contrast to the landscape of other areas.

But more distinctive than that, was the slime that covered the entire building and even the floor.

Overall, it was reddish in color, but the color was so colorful that it looked like vomit.

"Muse... ... ?"

"That's right, Mucus. If you reach here... ... yes?"

Udgar realized belatedly that it was not Hamei's voice and turned to the boy.

"Do you know Mucus?"

The boy frowned, not answering.

I don't remember seeing such a terrifying scene, but I was strangely familiar with the red slime.



-The aftermath of resource depletion due to nuclear war... ... .

-Maximizing the efficiency of biomass.

- Eliminate Mucus! The main culprit of ecosystem destruction!



A few memories flashed through me in an instant.

"Keugh!"

The boy suffered again, but the children of the sun had no more time to take care of them.

"let's go. I'll go first, so follow me."

Woodgar walked down a winding path like a waterway that the Mucus hadn't encroached on yet.

'It's a big deal. The road is narrower than before.'

It is not known where the source of the mucus is or how many there are, but it is clear that they are expanding.

The average rate of expansion of slime is 1 centimeter per hour.

Although extremely slow, more than half of the world has now turned into a polluted zone.

"Brother, over there!"

In the sky that Hamei pointed out, five Rajets fled, spraying jets, and carnivorous creatures were chasing after them.

As soon as the carnivorous creature that overtook the street was gliding, the slime that covered the building stretched out like a frog's tongue and snatched his ankle.

Kieh Aeg!

The grotesque bird, dragged into the wall by the powerful tensile force, screamed, and soon the whole body twisted and was buried in the mucus.

It was far away, but as I watched my body twist in strange shapes every second, I could hear the sound of bones snapping.

It was the reason why most creatures in the world of Apocalypse escaped from the ground and made the sky their home.

"Brother, maybe we too... ... ."

"Nope. Mucus doesn't react to slow-moving creatures. So you just have to go slowly. Understand?"

That's what he said, but Woodgar's expression wasn't good either.

The width of the road was about 1 meter, but the bridge was heavy as if crossing a precarious single wooden bridge.

"done. It's safe from now on."

After leaving the contaminated area, they walked for about an hour along the road leading out of town.

Finally, I saw a dense forest in the distance.

A vague impression arose in the boy's heart at the first green landscape he saw after waking up from hibernation.

"There is a tree of life in that forest. You have to listen carefully to what I have to say from now on."

Woodgar, who hastened his steps, looked around at the entrance to the forest.

"Ha-mei, can't you hear something?"

"I can hear. A hum and trembling sound."

"That's Ra's warning. It's a sound that only the children of the sun can hear. Never go into the woods when you hear that sound."

"What if I get in?"

"I don't know because I've never been in it either, but the hyungs say it hurts terribly."

Regardless of their conversation, the boy trembled as he looked at the fresh vegetation.

'forest. It's a forest.'

Another memory, not the memory from before hibernation, was flickering on the other side of his brain.

'Why are my memories so jumbled up?'

I thought maybe it was a dream in a state of hibernation, but considering the condition of minus 273 degrees, it was impossible.

"Brother, the sound has stopped."

"great. Then let's go in."

No life was to be seen in the forest except for plants.

It was strange that a forest could be created without even those common bugs, but the boy's common sense questions were weighed down by the absurd sight unfolding before his eyes.

"This... ... ."

A huge tree towered in the middle of the field.

No, can we call this a tree?

It was wriggling at regular intervals as if it had a heart attached to it, and though it was brown, if you look closely, the trunk and branches are entwined with fibers like muscles.

But what shocked the boy the most was the 'fruit' on the tree.

The state of development was different, but what was hanging was the fetus, not the fruit.

A human born in a tree.

They were the children of the sun, the masters of this world.

"Remember, Hamei? You too were opened there. My brothers have been collecting you."

Hamei was just staring blankly at the tree of life.

"You can only go in and out of the tree of life twice a day. When the sound I was talking about earlier disappeared. The older brothers say that the power from the Tree of Life blocks other creatures from approaching. That's why even Mucus can't encroach until here."

The fetus descending from the branches of the tree of life was connected to the crown of the head, and when it took on a fully human form, the crown stretched almost to the ground.

Woodgar crouched and approached the fetus, whose chubby buttocks were floating on the ground.

"Okay, when you're almost on the ground, you can gather them. Then here... ... ."

Leaving an extra inch on the top, I cut it off with scissors and received it, and the fetus burst into tears as if in surprise.

"Eung-aeng. Ugh."

"haha! Goon, he looks so cute. hamei, you take it This gathering is your mission."

Hamei carefully hugged the fetus and looked down.

He was a child of the sun born by the tree of life by receiving the sun's light.

"Hehe, it's really cute."

'This is nonsense.'

The boy couldn't believe what was happening in front of his eyes.

Even if other organisms are like that, it was absolutely impossible for humans to open in trees through natural evolution.

"By what principle... ... ."

As soon as he took a step towards the tree, the boy's five senses gave him an eerie feeling.

The sound or feeling of a thick string vibrating.

'magnetic field... ... ?'

Suddenly, my senses became sharper, and I could clearly feel even the things outside my line of sight.

It seemed that if he set his mind to it, he could even guess the number of fetuses on the tree of life.

"there... ... Can't you hear anything now?"

Woodgar frowned.

It was clear that the Ancient Man brought out this time was not in very good condition.

"Withdraw from the tree of life. And don't keep doing weird things. Because you have to go with us anyway."

Woodga, who confirmed that Hamei wrapped the child in a bag prepared in advance and held it safely in his arms, urged the way.

"Let's go out. We have to get out before Ra's warning is heard."

When he entered the forest again, the amount of information rushing to the boy soared significantly, but even that felt rather lacking.

'What happened to me? Why are you doing this all of a sudden?'

As the mind became more sensitive, the range of feelings gradually increased, and eventually everything within a radius of 50 meters was transmitted through synesthesia.

'Hehehe, he's coming here as well.'

Seven underground men who had been stationed in advance on the passing road found Wood's party and each loaded their rifles.

Even if they didn't have their own auditory organs to hear Ra's warnings, they knew at least that the children of the sun would receive their embryos here.

'It hurts if you scatter. Let's finish it at once.'

When the captain sent a glance, the underground people sitting in the trees and waiting nodded their heads.

"Now!"

When the target came within range, the leader first grabbed a branch and hung on like a swing.

However, Udga and Hamei had already jumped into the bush after being pushed by the boy.

"... ... what?"

How did you know and avoid it?

'Did you notice the latent? No, in that case, you wouldn't have come down this road in the first place?'

"Leader! what do we do?"

The captain's face crumpled.

"Crush it!"

"Kyaaaaou!"

The underground people screamed like monkeys, climbed tree branches, and fired rifles at them.

As bullets rained down from all sides, Woodgar, collapsed in the bush, screamed.

"Aww! help me!"

"calm down! We have to get out of here at once!"

The boy's body movements, which lifted Wood and Hamei up and ran in the lead, were unstoppable even though it was the first time they had been there.

'What is that guy? You've become a completely different person, haven't you?'

In the way he did not lose his cool despite being attacked by the underground, Woodgar recalled the archon, the ruler of the colony.

"No, I am just a slave. hamay! Let's run too!"

The children of the sun were not inferior to the boys in terms of speed, but the problem was that the physical abilities of the underground people exceeded them.

"Hurray! we are here!"

When the underground man clinging to the branch in front pulled the trigger, the boy twisted and hid behind the tree.

Too-ta-ta-ta-ta!

The vibration of the tree trunk bursting through his back, but the boy's eyes looked around fiercely.

The movements of the enemies roaming around were so agile, it was impossible to figure out the exact number.

'You can't be overwhelmed by fear. I have to figure out the situation until the end to survive.'

You are not dead until you die.

As I focused my mind to take a step off the cliff, my senses became clearer.

'Seven enemies superior to human physical abilities. It has a long-range strike weapon that can smash trees. It must be difficult to run away.'

"brother! help me!"

Looking back at the place where Hamei's screams were heard, three underground men were running towards her.

Woodgar blocked the way, but no matter how much I thought about it, it didn't have the durability to block the powerful killing weapon.

'What do we do?'

Pupper puffer puck!

As splinters flew from the tree trunk, the boy who was sticking his head out hurriedly turned around.

"damn!"

Without even thinking about approaching, he was using up all the magazines without sparing bullets.

'Very inefficient.'

What this showed was that the underground man was more like an emotional warrior than a cold-hearted soldier.

'I can't get out of here... ... .'

When he couldn't hear the gunfire he should have heard, the boy turned his gaze to Hamei.

Underground people were aiming their guns at a distance.

'Why not shoot?'

The reason underground people hunt is only for eating.

If it was a helpless prey, not hurting it was the way to get more meat.

"Kikiki. Come on, I'll put one foot in your head."

"for a moment! I mean I like hair! Just shoot in the heart! The heart is tough and tasteless."

"Crazy? How delicious are the organs in that area. Let's just blow our heads off!"

"I am starving to death! I'll just do it!"

An underground man who could not hold back his hunger in front of the food raised a gun.

'no!'

The moment he thought he had to save them, the boy's body turned into a flash of light and flew away.

When I came to my senses, I was blocking the way of Wood and Hamei before I knew it.

"What, what! Shoot!"

The boy's eyes widened as the panicked underworlders pulled the trigger on their rifles.

wide!

As the curtain of light pulsed with an explosive noise, the trajectory of the bullet was rapidly twisted and crashed into the trunk of a tree behind it.

The roaring harmony erased the child's cry, and as one magazine was completely emptied, tinnitus seemed to flow through the forest.

"Uh, why bullets?"

The boy just stared at the floor, taking in the new memories echoing in his head.



- Spirit Zone. An extremely sensitive state of mind.

- Particles of God. Mass is energy.

- Crash your thoughts. it's called the force



"Ro, Rossi?"

Woodgar's voice brought the boy to his senses.

"... ... It's not Rossine's."

Then he said as he walked towards the underground people who were making blank faces.

"Shirone. My name is Arian Shirone."

Syrone information recovery rate.

48 percent.

=======================================
[535] Last World (3)





In the confrontation between guns and magic, the underground people tried to strike preemptively according to their inclination, but Shirone's reason was faster than that.

'Photon Cannon!'

As the orbs of light rushed in flashes, the seven underworlders scattered in different directions.

Too-ta-ta-ta-ta!

The forest was filled with kinetic energy that could kill people, and bullets and flashes flew nonstop, aiming at each other's necks.

'This is not enough.'

There was too much cover, so the rectangle didn't come out.

'It's really nimble. What are they doing?'

It was a situation where you couldn't just throw yourself into a barrel that was spraying bullets like rain while running on trees.

'I need more power.'

After concentrating the power of the photons that floated in her right hand, Shirone jumped towards the enemy lines.

Zigzag teleportation, avoiding the fire, threw a photon cannon at an underground man hiding behind a tree.

As the omnipotence was amplified by the magic action, the trees were broken, and the underground person who was hit by the shock wave collapsed vomiting blood.

"Gagging!"

'Now there are 6 people.'

Shirone flung herself behind a rock and fired a photon cannon at the top of her head.

The underground man who was jumping was hit in the stomach and fell.

'5 people.'

"Leader! Surprise doesn't work! It must have eyes on the back too!"

"shut up! Just lucky! Everyone run! Otherwise, you will starve!"

"Kiyaaaa!"

Underground people reminded of hunger flew in from all sides.

However, with the Spirit Zone open, Shirone could clearly see their trajectory.

'Oh my gosh... ... .'

Woodgar was looking at the scene unfolding in front of him with a bewildered expression.

It's not just because she's strong, it's because Shirone's abilities control light.

For the photosynthesizing Children of the Sun, light was life, and that is why everyone followed the Archons.

"Brother, this sound!"

Woodgar jumped to his senses and shouted.

"It's a big deal! Ra's warning... ... !"

In the meantime, Shirone, who had killed three more people, heard the Wood family's voice coming through the tinnitus and suddenly remembered it.

'magnetic field!'

The reason for waiting for a while at the entrance of the forest must have been because the electromagnetic field was formed around the tree of life.

"Let's escape! There is no time!"

After escaping from enemy lines, Shirone grabbed Udgar and Hamey and cast teleportation.

"Chase! Don't miss it!"

"eat! I eat today!"

Because of the terrain with many obstacles, teleportation was not enough to completely evade the underground people who jumped over the trees.

"Hey! chasing you! hurry!"

Shirone gritted his teeth and concentrated.

As I split my thoughts to the limit, the flash passed through the trees as if reflected in a mirror.

As the desperate underground people mobilized all their firepower, bullet marks hit the floor and chased after Shirone like a snake.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Upon discovering the entrance to the forest, Shirone devoted herself to speeding up the connection speed of teleportation.

Then I heard a beeping sound and I got a huge headache.

"Keugh!"

After falling to the ground due to the broken spirit zone, Shirone and the others hurriedly crawled out of the forest.

"Aaaaaagh!"

When I turned my head to the desperate screams, the underground people who couldn't get out were holding their heads and suffering.

"help me! Aaaaaa!"

It was only 30 meters to the entrance, but they could not bear the pain and did not even think of coming out.

Blood leaked out of the bloody veins in his ruptured eyes, and he suddenly let out a desperate cry and stopped struggling.

Woodgar said in a trembling voice.

"... ... dead If you ignore Ra's warning, that's what happens."

Then, he hurriedly turned to Shirone.

"Who are you? How do you have that ability? Not even children of the sun."

They couldn't understand it anyway, but Shirone had no intention of talking to them right now.

'Magic... ... .'

I lived in a world where magic exists.

However, the image of himself entering the capsule of artificial hibernation still remained in his memory.

'Still, it's a positive thing that new memories keep coming up. First of all, I need a safe place.'

Shirone finally looked back at the Wood family.

"Take me to where you live."

When Shirone handed it over, Woodga nodded.

"Yeah, right. you are our slave But it's too late to go back inside today. You won't be able to get out of the contaminated area."

Shirone realized what Woodgar meant when he pointed to the sun.

'There is one way. But will it really happen?'

broad interest.

As the golden wings spread brilliantly behind Shirone's shoulder, Hamei looked at him as if possessed.

"wow... ... ."

The name of the sun called Ra by the children of the sun.

Also, as the only god who created life, it was written in the Bible that he commanded angels with wings of light with his limbs.

"Brother, maybe that person... ... ."

The reason why Hamey had stopped talking had something to do with Woodgar not saying anything.

The colony already has an archon.

Since there can't be two incarnations of Ra in one colony, I wasn't sure if taking Shirone was the right decision.

'No, I can't spend the night here anyway.'

Sun children who have just been born need to be as comfortable as possible in a place exposed to light.

Woodgar, who made the decision, led Hamei.

"Let's go for now. It's not our fault. You should report it honestly to the Archon."

As the two held hands, Shirone looked up at the sky and slammed down the wings of light.

As the air exploded with a bang and rose to a height of several tens of meters, Woodga and Hamei were startled by a flight they had never experienced before.

On the other hand, Shirone calmly looked around the landscape.

'I'm used to it too. Then, is magic the real memory?'

As I raised the altitude, the scenery of the destroyed world came into my eyes.

Numerous creatures were flying between burnt-out matchstick-like buildings, and sparse forests were created over the horizon.

'It's not just one or two places like this. It's definitely civilization.'

But again, the largest part of the field of view was the contaminated area covered in mottled mucus.

'More than 70 percent of the city has been engulfed. What is that? I think I might remember.'

Woodgar, who had regained his composure, pointed in the direction.

"That's our colony."

A cross-section of a chunk of scrap metal completely filled in between the gaps hidden by the building.

"Okay, let's go!"

Although they warned them in advance, the children of the sun could not hold back their screams at the speed of the flight as if the landscape was being sucked in.



* * *



A distance that would take half a day on foot, Shirone arrived in less than 10 minutes.

When I landed on the asphalt road, buildings that were once over 60 stories were broken in half, blocking my surroundings.

"Follow. I'll take you to the scribe. But once you arrive at the hive, don't act recklessly."

After passing through the forest of buildings, a pyramid with entangled steel frames appeared.

It was a great scale to see that it was made by humans, and barricades were installed on the outskirts.

"The gathering mission has been completed. open the way."

As Woodgar spoke to the sentry, two burly white men punched his left breast.

"thank you for your effort. Come in."

The sentries were of no race, sex, or age, but they had a common feeling that something was missing in their eyes.

'It looks familiar. Are they the ones who woke up from artificial hibernation?'

Inside the Pyrmid was brighter than expected.

Shirone looked up at the orb of light floating on the ceiling.

'Light Magic Shining. There is also a wizard here.'

Udgar took Hamei to the incubation room.

The old woman, who had been handed the newborn sun child, put the child down in a place covered with soft light, and only then did the crying stop.

"You have suffered. It must not have been an easy journey."

"Hehe, it was okay because Wood and oppa went with me. From now on, I think I can do it alone."

Knowing that the mission was not as easy as it sounds, the old woman just smiled gently.

"By the way, who is that slave?"

"Ah, I found the shelter of the ancients this time. Hamei found it. By the way... ... ."

Woodgar hesitated and told the old woman what had happened at the Tree of Life.

"Hmm, that's right... ... ."

The thoughtful old woman nodded, wondering if she had any idea, and stroked Woodgar's hair.

"Looking at it, it would be better for me to do it. Don't worry, Hamei will tell you what he found."

Udgar and Hamei's faces straightened.

To be honest, I was at a loss as to how to report.

"Yes. Then please."

When the two of them left the culture room as if they were running away, the old woman suddenly turned into a cold look and said to Shirone.

"Follow me. There is a ceremony for you to perform."

Syrone followed the old woman to the top of the pyramid and waited at the door until she finished reporting to the scribe.

Finally, the door opened, revealing a scene of a temple with a neatly laid floor unlike anything I had seen before.

There was an altar at the end of the road with burning torches, and a strong-looking man with short green hair was sitting on the throne above it.

"Arson, it is an ancient man who is said to have used the power of light."

The scribe lowered his head, and the Archon Aroeja's eyes pierced Shirone fiercely.

"Is what the scribe said true?"

When Shirone showed no reaction, the consul called an old man wearing a robe who was waiting in the corner.

"Priestess, investigate this boy."

The old man approached Shirone, risking even walking, chanting something like an incantation with a sunken mouth and twirling his palms.

"This... ... ?"

Shirone opened his eyes wide when he saw the old man's palms glowing bluish.

Golden cords appeared as if wiping a frosted glass window along the spot where the hand passed.

The incantation continued endlessly, and the old man swung his hand even wider as he examined the codes surrounding Shirone.

Then, scanning Shirone's face all the way to her belly, another code appeared as her body became translucent.

"Hmm, is that so... ... ."

The old man held out his right hand in the air and pretended to grab it.

Then, the arrangement of a specific code was caught in the hand as a pattern engraved on a transparent band.

Then, with his left hand, he scanned Shirone's head again to reveal the cord, then pulled the sash and connected it.

"Huh!"

At the sudden flood of information, Shirone throbbed with her limbs stretched out.

"The word of God will work miracles for you."

Having said that, the old man turned to the consul.

"Confirmed, Archon. The language of light is written on this boy's body."

"It is deplorable. Why did Ra inscribe the language of light on the slave?"

When the archon turned his right hand over, a huge orb of light rose from the palm of his hand and soared to the ceiling.

'Shining... ... .'

Even in the process of merging the language of the children of the sun with the information in the brain, Shirone could clearly see the scene.

When the Shining magic was cast, everyone in the temple raised their hands and let out a roaring cry.

"You incarnation of Ra! Give us life!"

The archon raised his chin arrogantly and gave the order.

"Erase the language of light. Only those who obey us will be able to continue a life of miserable eating."

'Erasing what?'

Little by little, Shirone noticed the hostility in the old man's eyes.

"Don't resent me. The sun is one in the colony."

The old man stirred the air with his right hand and this time grabbed the belt with the red code written on it.

Then, the light from her left hand was applied to Shirone, exposing the cord, and connecting them as if they were tying a belt.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

As the tremendous shock was applied to my brain, the flood of information that I couldn't handle filled my head.

"Be patient! For a slave, let there be only obedience!"

'I am not a slave!'

Shirone resisted the ego-destroying code and bit her molars hard.

As the spirit zone tightened, a frame began to form.

When the overload occurred at the point where the old man's code and Shirone's code collided, the frightened priest shuddered.

"Oh, this can't be... ... . how... ... ."

The whites of Shirone's eyes were visible, and his eyelids trembled.

'You have to hold on. If I can't hold out here, it's the end.'

Gold River Fire!

When the indestructible state of mind was established, Shirone's eyes opened and the Spirit Zone expanded infinitely.

As the codes exploded with a bang, the priest standing nearby screamed and flew to the front of the altar.

He struggled to straighten his upper body and continued to speak the words he was trying to say with a pale face.

"How can you deny the language of God... ... ."

Shirone touched the spot where the cord was connected and glared at the archon sitting on the altar.

"What are you trying to do to me?"

"... ... ."

Syrone information recovery rate.

57 percent.

=======================================
[536] Last World (4)





The atmosphere in the temple sank heavily.

"Answer me. What have you done to me? What is a slave?"

The archon had no fighting ability, but there were plenty of powerful warriors to protect the power of light.

"Priestess, call the Guardian of Ra."

The priest waved his hands quickly, grabbed the cords in different places, and connected them in front of his eyes.

Then sparks exploded from the contact point of the code, and his figure disappeared in an instant.

'I can do something like that.'

Soon after, the priest came back, and the door opened with a rattle, and four people entered as quickly as the wind.

"Incarnation of Ra, I follow your orders."

The archon pointed at Shirone and gave the order.

"Punish the heretic who impersonates the name of God. The language of light never suits a slave."

Sensing that the guardians' prayers were unusual, Shirone focused her mind on alert.

'They are also different.'

The leaders of the colony were mutants born with a 0.001% chance on the tree of life.

The types of abilities encompassed all biological, mental, and phenomenal categories, and they were those who ruled over the children of the sun with great power.

"You are an ancient. Didn't you reject Ra's baptism?"

Yogi, the only female among the Guardians, approached.

It was a woman with her green hair intricately knotted and attached to her head, with her bangs cut straight above her eyebrows.

"It would be brainwashing, not Ra's baptism. What are you saying I did wrong?"

"There is only one fault."

Yoga pointed at Shirone with the palm of her hand and said.

"Your presence."

Eunkyung Silver.

Her arm turned to silvery metal and shattered with a clank.

"what!"

As metal shards surged like a torrent, Shirone teleported around the outer perimeter of the temple.

"I will go."

Karof, who was standing next to Yo, loosened his neck left and right.

He was a man of medium height, with a well-balanced physique, the left and right sides of his head neatly shaved, and the top of his hair hanging down long.

"Big!"

Karof's face contorted viciously, and hair began to grow all over his skin.

Finally, it became the face of a ferocious dog and sprang toward Shirone's flash.

"Kwaaaang!"

When the four claws came in, Shirone, who canceled the teleportation, rolled on the floor.

"this... ... !"

At the same time as he regained his balance, shards of silver mirror flew in.

'Broad!'

The curtain of light pushed away the fragments of the silver mirror, and Karof was also beaten with dozens of sticks.

'Photon Cannon!'

When Shirone threw the sphere of light as if grabbing it, it hit Karof's stomach as the flash increased.

"Gagging!"

Karof, who had been pushed away, was able to put his lifted legs back on the ground only when he reached the place where he first stood.

Undressed, he knelt down on his knees, puffed out his cheeks and opened his eyes wide.

"Queueex!"

Even in the state of imitation, which boasts strong muscle strength, it could not withstand the shock and blood gushed out.

When the yoga hand sign was made, fragments of the silver mirror piled up on his shoulder and returned to him in the form of an arm.

Using her palms like mirrors to examine her face, she said as she removed the metal from her arms.

"what? You could have avoided it."

Karof shook his head.

"That's not the problem. the light... ... ."

It has physical power.

In the face of an inexplicable fact, the two Guardians who did not go to battle remained silent.

For the children of the sun, light is life.

Even without the doctrine that those who worship Ra will gain eternal life, they were a race that could not survive without light.

"Hmm."

In this situation, only the priest who managed the doctrine could make a judgment.

'Among the abilities of mutants, those who speak the language of light have existed for generations.'

I don't know why, but I thought it might be because the activities of the tree of life are based on light.

'And at this moment, a new language of light appeared. even to the ancients. Is this a revelation of Ra? or not... ... .'

The priest who made the decision bowed his head toward the consul.

"Incarnation of Ra, two suns cannot exist in a colony. It may be embarrassing, but please use the power of the sun to convince the poor children."

Since things had gotten this far, I had no choice but to ask the people in the colony which of the two lights they would choose.

"good! When Ra is asleep, I will present the sun!"

The archons were also well aware of the nature of power.

If he retreats from here, all he will be left with is death.

"It's three hours from now. I will tell the priests to prepare."

The priest said so and told Shirone.

"Those who caused disturbances in the colony, I will give you one last chance. At the time when the colony is at its darkest, the archon and you will compete with the power of light. If you win, you will become the new leader of the colony, but if you lose, you will have to take your own life."

"I have no intention of becoming a leader. And I'm not going to kill myself."

"Don't be arrogant. You are impersonating Ra in strange language, but the strength of the Guardians is not all that you have experienced. If you want to live, you will have to prove yourself with all your might."

The judgment was left to the people of the colony, but the priest had no doubts that the consul would win.

When everyone left, only the guardians remained and exchanged opinions.

"What do you think, this match?"

In response to Yo's question, Karof said as if he had nothing to think about.

"Of course, the Archon-nim wins."

"But the light that slave uses is strange."

"huh! What does it matter? The reason we serve the Archon from generation to generation is because light is life. Light that destroys life is of no use to the colony."

When Karof turned around, the other Guardians went back to their rooms, and Yoman muttered as he looked at the place where Shirone had left.

"The light that destroys life... ... ."



Meanwhile, Shirone was guided by the gatekeeper to a place where she could rest.

The life of the colony, which was roughly grasped, was simple.

The children of the sun didn't do anything, and the ancients were doing most of the chores.

When I got off the floor where the slaves worked and went downstairs, Woodgar and Hamei were sitting in a small room basking in the light.

"What are you doing here?"

Woodgar, who was trembling with an expression of joy, opened his eyes.

"what? are you okay? thank god."

"It is not safe yet. What are you doing here?"

"What? I'm basking in the light in the sacred room. what? But if you are a slave, you should respect it. Seeing as he understands words, it seems that he has also received the grace of Ra."

"that's... ... It's just been delayed."

"Hmm, is it?"

Woodgar ignored it.

It probably had something to do with the consul's solar festival in 3 hours.

"Only one person who has done something blessed can enter the sacred room. Because you can shine the light closest to you. Originally, today was a blessing for Hamei, but he allowed us to share it together."

"Is it a blessing to be exposed to light?"

Hamei said with an ecstatic expression.

"It is the greatest blessing. When you shoot a strong light from so close, you can feel the tremendous power. It's the best feeling in the world."

"It takes a toll on the body if exposed to it for a long time, but the only person who can make this kind of light anyway is the Archon. Slaves are so pitiful. You can't even feel how good this feels."

'It's a strong light... ... .'

Arriving at the room, Shirone was alone in her thoughts.

He could have run away now, but maybe that was what the archon wanted.

'There is a way. No, I'm not really sure. I'd love to test it out... ... .'

At that time, the band of the cord was connected to the front, and the priest appeared.

"... ... It's time. I will go up to the top floor."

When the priest approached Shirone and connected the cord, the scenery changed in an instant and they landed on the roof of the colony.

The Archon was warming up with his upper body muscles twitching, and four Guardians stood side by side.

I looked down and saw hundreds of children of the sun all coming out and looking up at this place.

"You incarnation of Ra! eternal life! An eternal future!"

"Listen, everyone, people of Ra!"

The ground instantly became quiet.

"Those who use the wrong language to take the name of Ra will be punished personally. From now on, I will give you the power of blessing!"

When the priest handed over the two devices connected by optical fiber, the archon held it with both hands and turned to Shirone.

"Keep a close eye on the strength of my might. If you don't shine a stronger light than me, I will cut your neck."

Shirone checked the device without answering.

Fiber optics were connected to the colony's ceiling, and the trapezoidal handle glowed faintly.

'Is it a device that transmits light?'

The Archon raised the device skyward and unlocked its powers.

"Even in the dark, the sun does not go out! I will prove it through my body!"

As the two fists glowed brightly and the light flowed along the fiber optics, the people erupted in cheers again.

"Wowaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The glass spheres installed in the colony began to emit light, and eventually the entire structure glowed.

The children of the sun, who were moved by everyone, raised their heads toward the light and prayed.

"la! la! Great la!"

"It's great too."

Karof nodded his head in satisfaction at the banquet of light that dispelled the darkness of the night.

As long as there is an archon, the children of the sun will not perish.

This was the reason why those who had the language of light became archons from generation to generation even without combat skills.

Thinking he had enough skill, the archon let go of the device and the light went out.

Even so, the aftermath of emotion rippled through the night air, and people trembled for a while in the pleasure of light.

"Now, it is your turn."

The consul laughed as if it were ridiculous and moved away.

'It's enough light to light up the entire colony... ... .'

When Shirone appeared, people murmured.

The words were crushed, but the sound wave contained hostility.

'I have no choice but to do it.'

Shirone's eyes widened after concentrating.

"Heretic, hurry up and set up the device... ... ."

The face of the priest who approached with the device turned pale.

Above Shirone's head, a small light moved in a trajectory and a huge circle was born.

'Super magic amplification, Ataraxia.'

It was someone's ability that came to mind anew while opening Immortal Function.

As Ataraxia rotated into its completed form, the Archon instinctively sensed a sense of danger and shouted.

"It is a heretical language! Quickly bring out that slave!"

For others, it's just a confrontation to decide the sun, but for those involved, it was a matter of life and death.

"The Archon is right. Eliminate heresy."

Just as the four guardians were about to jump at the same time, a handful of photons began to gather in Shirone's hands.

"light?"

It was clearly light.

However, it was only enough to light up the surroundings, and even that was getting darker as time passed.

'We need to unify the polarization direction.'

The impatient archon mocked Shirone.

"Is that just how much you impersonated Ra! There is nothing more to see! Hurry up and kill heretics!"

Just when the Guardians were about to jump out again, yoga stopped.

"Wait for a moment. that something... ... ."

The light, buried in the night and looking like a dot, left Shirone's hand and began to rise upward.

And the moment I passed Ataraxia.

"Ooooooooooo!"

An enormous explosion of photons occurred in the sky.

The strength of the light emitted by the sphere of light, which was much bigger than the colony, was enough to swallow people's figures.

The world of white paper, where one could not see an inch ahead, was filled with the shouts of people beaten by the pleasure of the intense light.

"Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!"

Woodgar shed tears as he screamed at the pleasure to the extent that his mind was blown away.

It seemed to be spinning so fast that the blood evaporated, and it was overflowing with energy that seemed like it could explode the body in an instant.

"brother... ... brother... ... ."

Hamei, who was thrilled with emotion, put his hands together and raised his head in tears.

As the photons escaped, people were then able to confirm the reality of the light that went up to the sky.

"Ah, ah... ... ."

"la... ... Ra has descended... ... ."

The sun rose above Shirone's head.

=======================================
[537] Such a problem (1)





After falling into the Abyss, Miro and the others walked through a destroyed world at sunset.

The fact that the end of the world was completely different from what they thought was telling us how far the future of information has jumped.

The place they arrived was a contaminated area, and everywhere they looked was painted with disgusting slime.

"Most of the city is like this. What is this?"

As Miro stomped on Mucus, slime rose from all sides and attacked her.

Lian swung his sword and cut it off, and the slime that fell to the floor soaked into Mucus again.

Marsha pulled out the smoking pipe she was holding and shouted.

"Oh really! Don't step on it! How many times already!"

"But it is fun. Cheoltteokcheoltteok."

said Fermi, looking across the city.

"The sun is setting. For now, I need to find a place to rest."

Marsha approached, puffing smoke.

"The ground must be dangerous. I also care about the strange things flying around."

"How about that cave over there?"

Lian pointed to the subway entrance installed on the sidewalk.

"It's okay. You can't get into the building anyway."

Krrrr.

Then, a ground creature walked from the corner of the block.

It had only been a few hours since they arrived here, but it was an unusual event for them, who expected Mucus to drive out all creatures on the ground.

"Is it a monster?"

It had a huge face resembling a lion, its mouth was torn down to its ears, and its teeth were jagged like nails.

It was an Electric Liger, one of the few walking animals in the Apocalypse.

Regardless of the Mucus covering all sides, the guy walked straight toward Miro and the others.

There was no doubt that mucus splashed, but bluish electricity radiated from the body, and it was quickly burned.

"You have adapted to the environment. First of all, it is an electric monster."

"I will deal with you."

As Lian stepped forward while holding the handle of the greatsword, Fermi raised his hand to stop it.

"Nope. Any magic has compatibility. Then I, who can use all magic, is the right person."

At the same time that Fermi swallowed the chip, the Electric Liger rushed at it, spewing out electricity.

'Lightning Thunder.'

A powerful thunderbolt thumped down three times, and the Electric Liger screamed and spread to the floor.

"Of course, a true wizard can break any match."

Marsha pointed.

"You are laughing. Is it just because it's a waste of money?"

"Of course, there are parts like that."

The corner of Miro's mouth went up.

'A clever fellow.'

Apocalypse is a world made of code.

Therefore, Fermi was trying to determine whether the powers of the electric series were the information of the monster or the information of the world.

'If it's monster information, electricity is immune. But Fermi's blitz went right in. Therefore, although it is a virtual world, incarnation and law are separated just like in reality.'

Fermi thought, tapping his chin.

'At least for us, death here means death in reality. The key is to find Shirone as quickly as possible.'

Marsha asked.

"But casino chips, how much can you swallow?"

"It can fit as much as the size of the stomach. However, if you overdo it, you may experience symptoms of headache or vomiting. Why do you want to trade?"

"If the operation requires it. Let me think about it for a moment."

Fermi looked closely at Marsha.

'I said I'm an outsider.'

In the past, it was a method of extracting magic, but if you had experienced catharsis, your current abilities would likely be different.

"By the way, what are your abilities? I feel bad because I feel like I'm the only one."

"That's because you are a broker. Product introduction is basic. I can't reveal yet. Do you know why?"

Fermi turned around and pointed his index finger.

"Your tattoo is pretty. What do you mean?"

A small tattoo was engraved on the back of Marsha's left hand, who was holding a pipe.

It was a cross-shaped dagger with a handle that looked like smoke.

"It was engraved after I left Galliant Island. There are several more besides here. for example... ... here."

Marsha put her hand in the skirt dance and pushed it deep below her belly button.

"If you're curious, can I show you? Would you like to check it out?"

Seeing Marsha's meaningful gaze, Fermi shook his head.

"I will decline. I don't have any hobbies like that."

Any further interest would be a matter directly related to life.

"Stop going in. The sun is setting."

When I went down the stairs at the entrance of the subway with Lian as the lead, the train was overturned in an endless tunnel.

Miro said, lighting up with Shining Magic.

"Fortunately, there is no mucus. Let's not stray too far from the entrance, though."

Kyaaaaaaaaa!

The moment he finished speaking, a terrible scream came from the other side of the tunnel.

"Help me! please!"

"let's eat! let's eat! We eat!"

As the incomprehensible words echoed through the tunnel, Miro and the others immediately prepared for an attack.

"Hey, hey."

A vent next to the railroad tracks came off with a rattle, and a man peeked out his face.

"You can't go that way. You'll be eaten by the underworlders. If you want to live, come this way."

'Even if you say so... ... .'

It was like no one could be trusted anyway.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Another scream made Miro decide.

"Let's follow. No matter who you fight with, it's better to at least talk to each other."

'Come to think of it... ... .'

The man was speaking their language.

As the maze and the others jumped down the vent, a narrow tunnel continued.

The man who walked several tens of meters from him opened the iron door installed in the wall and said.

"Come in. This is my home."

The house, which had been converted into an engine room, was full of objects of unknown purpose, such as digital music players and monitors.

"Honey, what's going on?"

"A guest has arrived. Prepare the tea."

The man who asked his wife looked back at the maze and said.

"It's been a while since I've seen a human. Are you guys Abyss Walkers?"

"Abyss Walker?"

The man shook his head as if he had made a mistake.

"I mean, the people who came in through Under Coder. A normal human with no loss of information."

Miro said.

"right. And you too?"

"It was quite a long time ago. I don't know how much time has passed in the real world."

When the wife brought the car, the man offered a seat.

"Sit down. My name is Malta. A wizard just like you. This is my wife, Curia."

"hello? I am a Maltese wife."

Miro asked as she sat down on the sofa.

"Wizard? But why did you fall here?"

"The name of this world is Apocalypse. It's part of The Abyss. Maybe it's the same reason as you. I came here on my own to find her wife."

Fermi realized from Curia's unresponsive appearance even after hearing this.

'The information is lost.'

"My wife in the real world is a vegetable. I was a pretty good wizard too, so I searched for a way in every way, but in vain. That's why I came in, into this hell with her wife."

"But my wife... ... ."

"I know it's fake. But what does it matter? You can't even imagine how long I've been in this world. Then, all of a sudden, I had this thought. The real me would already be dead. Then everything became clear. That my place to stay is here."

"Is there any way out?"

Malta shook her head.

"doesn't exist. There is no way to get out of The Abyss no matter what means are used. Although some psychopath made some strange noises."

"psychopath?"

"It was a human named Gaold. He was crazy as I could see. His hair is bald, his eyes are hollow, and his body is covered with skin and bones, so underground people won't have anything to eat."

Miro's eyes sparkled.

"You met? Where are you now?"

"Already left. He said he was going back to reality, so he asked how I was going to get out. So do you know what that madman said?"

Malta spread his arms as if he was absurd.

"They say that to get out of hell, you have to go to the edge of hell. haha! Who can't think of that?"

A soft smile formed on Miro's lips.

'You're still moving, Gaold.'

Even though the incarnation was asleep, the information that formed him was stretching toward the extreme even in the world of the end.

"Actually, it's not like I haven't tried."

Malta unfolded a paper-sized map drawn by hand under the sofa table.

"I went out to do what he said. But he couldn't even last a week. Outside the city, it's all desert, desert, desert. Maybe that person is dead."

"No, my friend doesn't die. Until I die."

Fermi pointed to a dot on the map.

"Is this our location?"

"right. When I decided to live here, I researched it thoroughly. First of all, there are many underground facilities in this world. The building has hundreds of rooms. Some places are so full of mucus that you can't even get in. They call it mucus here."

"What's the tree sign and the sun sign?"

"The tree of life and the colony."

Malta told me about the race of children of the sun.

"There are 3 trees of life in this city, so there are also 3 colonies. They are governed by different archons. It's not particularly belligerent, but the problem is the underground."

"The screams you heard in the cave?"

"yes. Its appearance is similar to that of humans, but it is agile as if it uses schema. Since they cannot photosynthesize, they mainly hunt. They use strange weapons, so you'd better avoid them if possible."

The man, speechless, held out his hands and said.

"You can take it if you want. It is no longer useful to me anyway."

"Ah, thanks then... ... ."

The moment Lian held out his hand for the map, Fermi said.

"No, I memorized it. Let's rest here for now, and start looking at the colony from tomorrow."

"... ... ."

Ryan's hand was quietly withdrawn.

"It's not a problem to take a break. You can also use it as a forward base. It feels good to meet someone after a long time. Except for that madman from last time."

"thanks. Then I'll take care of you for a while."

"You can use the facilities to your heart's content. As a wizard, water is enough. I also learned how to charge electricity. There are many convenient things in this world. If you want to wash up, use the bathroom."

Looking at Malta's friendly smile, Marsha sucked on the pipe and stood up.

"Then I will wash first. It's embarrassing to see if the mucus splashed."

"Press the button and water will come out."

Marsha, who raised her hand for Malta's consideration, went into the bathroom, turned on the hot water, and took off her clothes.

"Whoa, I'm tired."

Leaving herself in the water dripping from the shower, she looked at her body reflected in the full-length mirror.

She has 7 tattoos on her body.

The back of my left hand, my right palm, between my breastbones, below my navel, inside my left thigh, above my hipbone, the last one was out of sight.

Of course, it was not actually engraved on the body, but it was a magical tattoo to activate the 'dagger of immorality'.

'Shirone... ... .'

He was comforted by the catharsis a boy gave him for the wounds he suffered from his adoptive father as a child.



-You can kill me.



Of course, the trauma has not disappeared, but I have a mindset to actively overcome the wounds of the past.

It was the value of life that cannot be converted into material things.

'If this could pay off the debt... ... .'

When eating out was lifted, the seven tattoos disappeared.

After taking a shower and wiping her body, she carefully found a new toilet she had never seen before and sat down with her chin resting on it.

"By the way, how much do you expect to receive when this job is over? I need to expand my business slowly. yes?"

After finishing her errands, Marsha looked around.

"Toilet paper... ... ."

There were green and red buttons where toilet paper would normally be.

"what?"

When I pressed the green button, water with strong water pressure was sprayed from under the toilet seat.

Marsha, who flinched, stood up with a surprised look and looked at where the water came from.

"What, what? Is it a monster?"

It may not be a big deal to those familiar with it, but it was an incredibly humiliating event for Marsha, who lived in the past.

"I just... ... !"

I wanted to smash it and throw it away, but I couldn't destroy the property from the point of view of living on top of it.

"... ... ."

5 minutes after that.

"Ah, that's cool."

When Marsha came out, wiping her hair with a towel as if nothing had happened, Miro, who had been concocting a plan with Fermi, turned her head away.

"Is the water okay?"

"Clean. Oh right. Mr. Miro."

"yes?"

A cunning smile like a cat appeared on Marsha's lips.

"Are you not going to the bathroom?"



midnight that night.

A huge sphere of light appeared in the colony northwest of the city.

=======================================
[538] Such a problem (2)





* * *



"You incarnation of Ra! eternal life to us! An immortal body!"

As the shouts spread out of the city, the officers looked around the ground to see if there was any movement from the underground.

Since it was impossible to pour cold water on the good atmosphere, the priest came forward and proceeded with the ceremony naturally.

"From now on, I will decide the consul of the colony."

"This is unacceptable!"

The Archon shouted with a mixture of anger and fear in his eyes.

"That guy is an ancient! They are our slaves! How could the children of the great sun be dominated by slaves!"

The people who risked their lives responded with a buzz.

Light is the only food for the children of the sun, but the situation of being dominated by slaves overnight was certainly not pleasant.

"Think! How can someone who is not a child of the sun use light? it was cheating It is not the language of God! If the ability were to disappear later, then what would you do to withstand the darkness?"

As the atmosphere of people being persuaded continued, a skinny man with bat wings approached the priest.

It was Ekser, one of the Guardians.

"Priest, did you see the language of God in that boy?"

While the priest was answering Ekser, Shirone approached the archon and told him not to make things too big.

"Hey, I'm not trying to get anything out of this showdown. If it doesn't harm me, I'll stay in this colony... ... ."

Before he could speak, the archon's throat was cut off.

When he looked up, he saw Excer floating in the sky as if standing on his hands, swinging his two swords like an X.

Landing lightly, he walked to the end of the ceiling as if he had been walking on the ground from the beginning and informed people.

"With this, the colony's archon has been decided. If you have a disagreement, be sure to find me."

"Waaaaaaa!"

People shouted in unison.

The sun must exist, so they had no choice.

On the other hand, Shirone was not very happy.

Just an hour ago, the fate of the consul could be judged by the fact that he had cut the head of a person he held up like the sun with a single knife.

'Let's accept it for now. If you want to survive here, you have to use everything available.'



Returning to the temple, Shirone sat on the throne.

Four Guardians paired up to guard the left and right sides of the seat of power, and the priest bowed his head and told them the role of an archon.

It wasn't a difficult job anyway.

Miscellaneous work was done by the slaves, and Shirone only had to light up the colony with light magic.

On the other hand, what can be obtained is absolute power.

Just as all ants give their lives for the queen ant, which only has the ability to reproduce, as long as light enters the colony, Shirone can do everything in the sacred realm.

'Once I got the strength to plan something. But you can't live your whole life in fluorescent light. If I want to survive.'

We must rebuild human civilization.

Also, this was the greatest thought a human being could have in a world that was destroyed.

Shirone turned to the priest and asked.

"What is your name?"

"My name is Bebeto. I was born with the ability to see the language of God."

Bebeto explained how guardians are born.

'Hmm, mutant. from the tree of life... ... .'

Starting with the priest, the guardians introduced themselves one by one, and finally, the tall man beat his chest and spoke.

"It is called the Tar River. A Guardian born with the ability to detonate."

"Detonation ability?"

Targang rolled up his sleeves and showed himself.

As he clenched his fists, his muscles turned into rocks, opening small crater-like holes.

"Huh!"

With a pop, the gas exploded, spewing flames around her arm.

"I showed a weak demonstration in front of the archon, but it's not this much for an underground person. If it's a battle, leave it to me."

After confirming the abilities of the guardians to some extent, Shirone nodded and descended the stairs.

"Did you say Excer?"

Shirone's eyes flashed fiercely.

"Yes. Anything you want to do?"

"Under any circumstances in the future, do not act on your own without receiving my instructions."

It was talking about cutting down as if assassinating the archon.

"The two suns in the haona colony... ... ."

"I know that. It means being cautious in the face of irreversible choices. For example, it could have been used as a negotiation tool in a conflict with hostile forces."

There is no negotiation in the colony system.

However, since the consul's words were law, Ekser agreed without any objection.

"I will keep that in mind."

In any case, it was thanks to him that he was able to easily seize power, so Shirone didn't say anything more.

"It's late at night, so go back and rest. I will officially perform my official duties from tomorrow morning."

Just like when they first appeared, the four guardians disappeared like the wind, and Bebeto also disappeared by connecting the code.

Sitting on the seat of power alone, Shirone rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought.

'There will be a lot of work to do from now on. To achieve our goals, we need to strengthen our governance. Let's take heart.'

It is the position of the archon that all the children of the sun look up to, but to Shirone, it was only a matter directly related to survival.



* * *



In the darkness of the underground facility, dozens of monitors turned on at the same time.

In this place, the origin of Mucus, not even animals, let alone flying insects, could come close, but the black shadows passing between the monitors were in the form of humans.

"Check the energy mass gauge. Holdings 428 percent."

The low-pitched voice and keyboard tapping went well in the stillness.

Recognizing voices, the computer pulled up a line of programs that filled the monitor.

"Activate the purification system. Code number 387."

When I hit enter, thousands of lines of programming language went up endlessly.

The noise of the fans filling the room filled the room, and the monitor running the program shimmered.

"complete. End of program."

As dozens of monitors turned off simultaneously, their silhouettes also disappeared into darkness.

10 minutes after that. Hundreds of projectiles shot from all sides of the city, shooting jets into the sky.



* * *



Shoot Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

As if a hole had been pierced in the sky, rain poured down early in the morning.

Dark clouds in the sky covered the sun, but the people in the colony came out with cheers.

"rub! It's finally raining!"

"Oh oh! great la! Bless us!"

The children of the sun filled their mouths with the water of life falling from the sky, and the slaves were carrying huge buckets of water inside and out.

"Hmmmm. Hmmmmm."

Yo was in a good mood this morning.

It's the same with the rain that falls in 60 days, but it's because you've been serving a new consul from today.

Decorating herself with a meaningless hum from her mouth, she was looking at her face with her palms that had turned into silver mirrors when the door slammed.

"Hey, what are you doing? Didn't you hear the magistrate's order?"

"okay. Get out now."

Outside the door, all three Guardians were gathered.

Targang frowned at the figure of Yo, who painted the color around his eyes and changed into clean clothes.

"what? How long have you been photosynthesizing? What's wrong with you?"

"Never mind. let's hurry. I'll be late for the morning meeting like this."

"You are the last."

Targang grumbled against Yo's back as he left the room.

On the way up to the temple, he found Bebeto, a priest who was walking briskly, and Karof spoke to him.

"It's raining."

"Heh heh, Ra is also welcoming the new archon. By the way, are you on your way up now?"

"Yes. Take orders urgently."

Bebeto licked his lips.

"I am like that too. There was nothing to do in the colony, but he said he would hold a rally every morning. Like what you said to Exer yesterday, the Archon this time definitely has a unique corner."

No one mentioned Shirone's origins, and Karof skillfully changed his words.

"But this time it's a bit late. On average, it rained once every 30 days, but it seems to be getting late lately."

The fact that there was no sea in the world of Apocalypse could be inferred just by looking at the fish in the sky, so no one knew why it rained.

Just as humans are opened from the tree of life, this too was dismissed as a miracle of Ra.

"The Guardian of the Sun is called by the Archon."

The Guardians who entered the temple prostrated themselves in front of the seat of power.

Until now, the slaves who had served the consul were nowhere to be seen, and Shirone alone was welcoming them with solemn eyes.

"It seems like a person has changed in one day. He must not have been an ordinary person even in ancient times."

While the priest was thinking about that, Shirone said.

"Starting today, I will actively rule as the one who commands the colony. So Guardians, attend the meeting every morning and report the results."

Karof said with an apologetic expression.

"The Haona colony is peaceful. Also, the great incarnation of Ra does not have to go through the trouble... ... ."

Shirone cut off his words and asked.

"How many colonies are there in this city?"

As the guardians looked back at each other, the priest stepped forward.

"I'm not sure, but I'm guessing around three."

"calculation? You mean you don't even know how many colonies live in the same city?"

"The children of the sun only obey the will of Ra. As long as there is an incarnation of Ra over there, there is no reason for us to interfere."

'It's similar to an ant society.'

Even for ants of the same species, it is the queen, not the species, that ultimately becomes the focal point.

"Then, from now on, we will contact each other. Guardians, find the nearest colony and tell them that the archon wants to negotiate."

Targang raised his head.

"I have absolutely no intention of disobeying orders, but... ... Why should I?"

In an apocalypse where control is everything, meeting the sun and the sun is obviously awkward.

However, Shirone intended to change this world.

"I will propose an alliance. I can't stay locked up in the hive forever. There are devices that can emit light outside. But there are too many dangers to try right away. I intend to do it."

Exer said.

"Only the Archon is our light. We need no other light."

It may be so for the children of the sun.

But then what about the ancients?

Including those who have been brainwashed, those countless people who are still asleep in artificial hibernation machines will never be happy in this world.

"Are you saying you can't obey my orders?"

Realizing their mistake, the Guardians hurriedly lowered their heads.

In the face of the sun, the future of the race, personal questioning was a luxury.

"sorry. If so, who will you send? If you give me instructions, I will risk my life to complete the mission."

"It's dangerous outside the colony, so it's best to send as many of them as possible. The three guardians are in charge of negotiations, and the remaining one guides me."

The first instruction is reasonable, but the second was incomprehensible.

"As for guidance, where are you talking about?"

"From today I investigate the city. The sun is shining during the day, so it won't matter if you leave the colony."

The priest was startled and shouted.

"It's not possible! It's too dangerous! If something goes wrong with the archon, the colony will... ... Ugh!"

Seeing Shirone's wide eyes, Bebeto flinched.

One thing he forgot was that this archon had excellent combat skills while handling light.

'Well, you're the one who never gets pushed by the Guardians. How can I do this?'

The Guardians also had troubled expressions.

No matter how strong the fighting power was, it was unprecedented for the colonist, who was the first priority of the colony to be protected, to go outside.

"I will guide the Archon!"

As if breaking the atmosphere of hesitation, Yoga jumped up and said.

"Leave it to me! Underground or Mucus, I will protect the Archon under any circumstances!"

"Hmm."

It was only then that he looked at Shirone, who had a satisfied expression on his face, and gently raised the corner of his mouth.

=======================================
[539] Such a problem (3)





* * *



Two women appeared on the ruined road.

They were Bak-nyeo, the ninth rank of the Order of the Ten Commandments, and Shura, the seventh rank of the Order of the Ten Commandments, who had just arrived at Apocalypse.

Unlike Park Nyeo, who was barefoot in rags with her breasts half exposed, and even her hair roughly tied up in a turban, Shura was neatly dressed in a dark green dress and even shoes.

Park-nyeo would be the best fit for Apocalypse, but in reality Shura, the apostle Banya, was the one most suited to the world of lies.

"No one lives there. Where is Shirone?"

Park's calm voice could be heard clearly even in the strong wind.

"Are you suspecting my coder?"

"Because no one lives."

Having said that, Baknyeo stopped abruptly.

Shura, who was looking at her strangely, lowered her eyes when she heard the sound of running water on the floor.

The bridge of her nose twisted as she watched the urine trickling down between her legs.

"Smelly. What the hell are you washing?"

"When it rains. Everything is purified."

Shura's gaze turned to the city Park Nyeo was pointing at.

As if measured with a ruler, the sky over the downtown area was covered with rag-like dark clouds, and water was dripping as if squeezing them.

Following the physiology of nature was beautiful to see from a distance, but it was hard work for those who accompanied it.

"Anyway, Shirone is here. Can I not code the language? You won't even need it."

"Words convey nothing."

It must have been Park Nyeo's only realization, but it was an insult to Shura, who had the exact opposite tendency to her.

"yes. The beast's head will never understand. I don't know how I ended up on a team with you."

The result of the vote of hands on whether or not to include Shirone in the Council of Ten was a tie, 5 to 5.

Those who voted for it spoke of Shirone's powerful incarnation, while those who voted against it noted that it was less of an Eternal than Vanya.

Nevertheless, the reason why the Council of Ships dispatched two officers was because they had received information that Miro had set out to recover Shirone's information.

If Elysion, the spirit of the ancients, could be recreated in Apocalypse, it would be of great benefit to the Society of Ten Presbyterians, and therefore Shura and Baknyeo were dispatched.

'Adrias Labyrinth.'

Shura recalled her face and said.

"To be clear, the reason I was dispatched is to seal the maze. If I stick with her, she can't handle the other side, no matter how much she calls me. So don't even think about getting caught."

"Can you handle the maze?"

There was a strange silence at the words Park Nyeo threw out, and after a while, Shura opened her mouth.

"Something like a dirty monkey is talking about it."

"... ... ."

It was the same silence, but the air around them shook as if they were about to explode at any moment.

Bak-nyeo's body rotated rapidly, and a black afterimage of Bak-do flew across the landscape.

Shura raised her index finger in front of her neck and silently blocked Park Do.

"Because it doesn't. Especially since this is my world."

"... ... Shall we finish it?"

One of Shura's eyebrows twitched.

'Sheesh, I'm an idiot for talking to a beast.'

Sura Yacha Baknyeo.

The rank is 9th, the lowest, but once burned, even the executives were reluctant to confront her axing.

"It's done. Let's break up at this point. Because doing something with you is really crazy. Take care and do well."

As Shura radiated an aura and disappeared in an instant, Bak-nyeo moved toward the city as if nothing had happened.

"Hungry."

It was the only emotion she felt at the moment.



* * *



"Curia, please come to your senses!"

Malta's voice was so loud that it leaked out of the engine room, but Curia looked at Malta as if she couldn't understand it.

"Why the hell is that? Are you crazy?"

"I am not crazy! This is a false world! It's fake!"

"Humanity is doomed! It's enough to live with you! So please, wake up!"

Malta, whose heart was about to explode from frustration, let out a rough breath.

Why don't you know?

This is just a virtual world under the undercoder.

At first, I thought that if I told her the truth, I would understand.

I thought my wife would understand everything and go back to the way she was before.

Of course, it wasn't that she wasn't suspicious because she was a clever woman.

However, no matter what method was used, they were unable to accept 100% of the fact that it was a virtual world.

"Malta, I love you. With you, I don't need anything. So now... ... ."

Curia hugged Malta's neck and kissed him.

The smell of a wife, the touch of a wife.

Unknowingly, Malta, who slowly closed her eyes, accepted her information with her whole body.

'Information! Information! Damn information!'

Malta, who suddenly opened his eyes, pushed his wife down.

"You are not my wife! It's fake!"

"Hey, honey... ... ."

Malta left the room and locked the door with a padlock to prevent Curia from coming out.

"honey! open it! honey!"

Malta closed her eyes tightly and ignored her voice.

Even when he took it out of the hibernation device, he discovered the possibility of returning his wife, but as time passed, her information was intertwined with the world of Apocalypse.

'You have to isolate. So as not to be exposed to any information.'

As always, when the knocking on the door stopped, Malta sat down on the couch.

The reason I don't even feel guilty anymore is because I 'know' that it's not real.

'It's like a curse.'

I thought maybe it was me who had gone mad.

"what? Has anyone come yet?"

The door opened and Marsha entered.

They were four people who decided to search different areas in order to finish the investigation as quickly as possible.

"You are the first. Did you have any income?"

Marsha shook her head and went to the water purifier.

"nothing. Miro, did you find something?"

Malta stared at the nape of Marsha's neck as she drank the water.

"I'm tired after walking around all day. I'll go to my room and get some rest."

"Let it be."

Even after Marsha entered the room, Malta did not look away as if chasing her afterimage.

'It's real.'

She was a woman like herself, from the real world.

'Because it's a place where there is no hope.'

Malta got up and opened the door.

"... ... Did you know?"

Marsha was sitting on the bed, holding a smoking pipe.

While looking at Malta's lustful eyes, she did not lose her smile and said while exhaling smoke.

"I'm used to it, those eyes."

Malta was quiet.

"You know my situation. Can't you show mercy?"

"How about you put up with it? I don't want to do bad things to my benefactor either."

It was an option that Malta's desire could not have.

"Then I can't."

Marsha's smile slightly hardened as the spirit zone of Malta pushed through synesthesia.

'this person... ... It's definitely strong.'

Malta is fast approaching.

"Accept it. In reality, he is a wizard who has reached the official level 4. Except for a woman named Miro, no one in the party will beat me."

That's why it is now.

"Whoa, aren't you ignoring me too much? Mr. Miro is great, but I was also good in the past."

"The fact that you talk a lot is proof that you are nervous."

Marsha asked for a smoking pipe.

The act of smoking would be reminiscent of the act of sucking, but she took advantage of the gap and threw the pipe.

'Now!'

I cast teleportation and flew in front of the door, but Malta was already blocking the entrance.

It was an impossible reaction if it had not been foreseen in advance.

"It was pretty. But isn't that too shallow?"

When Malta held out her hands, a powerful air pressing hit Marsha.

Marsha flew parallel to the ground, crashed into the wall, and fell again with a thud.

"Keugh!"

Malta looked down at the fallen Marsha and said.

"I hope you don't resist. The person you are dealing with is not a barbershop."

'I'm not a barbershop, so do you do this?'

Marsha desperately swallowed the swear words that came out.

This is because she knows that it is useless to say anything to a man whose desire has been turned on.

'It would be enough if I spread it like this.'

Marsha let out a sigh of resignation and stood up with both hands.

"okay. Let's end it well. Because I don't want to die either."

When Malta looked suspiciously at her, she turned around.

"What are you doing? I'm so scared, would you like to hug me?"

Malta's eyes lit up with anger, and she hugged Marsha from behind and kissed her on the nape of the neck.

"Don't be too rough."

Marsha, who covered the tattoo on the back of her left hand with her right hand, activated the dagger of the regulation eating out.

The tattoo glowed, and the materialized black bladed dagger was grasped in his right hand.

'Though I'm a bit rough.'

As Marsha quickly twisted her body and swung her dagger, Malta tilted her upper body with calm eyes.

"I should have told you, but it's not a barbershop."

Malta grabbed Marsha by the wrist holding the dagger and pressed Marsha by the nape of her neck with her other hand and pushed her toward the wall.

Sparks flew in Marsha's eyes, who shot the back of the head.

Then, as I plunged my slender wrist into the wall, the dagger escaped from my hand and disappeared before it even touched the ground.

"I knew you were an outsider. Also, being obsessed with that means that you are from a street where you have not even learned the 36 types of prescribed magic. What if I get stabbed with that dagger?"

"okay. I'll tell you. So release me."

"You don't even need to know. Either way, it will be fatal. I'll cast a sleep spell, so be gentle. It will be good for you too."

Marsha gritted her teeth and scratched the tattoo on her right palm with her finger.

Another dagger materialized.

"Isn't talking a lot a sign that you're nervous?"

The moment Malta's eyebrows twitched, she kicked him in the groin and slammed the dagger into the scruff of her neck with all her might.

"Aaaagh!"

Surprised, Malta grabbed Marsha by the scruff of her neck and threw her to the other side, and she hurriedly left the room, gasping for breath.

"damn! Bitten by a rat!"

Malta's eyes, which were confirmed from the wound, shook in shock.

"What, what?"

Black gas was constantly spewing out of the black scabbard on his neck.

'It's not a physical ability.'

The dagger was gone and the blood stopped flowing, but the feeling that something kept slipping out of his body was really unpleasant.

The dagger of the rule of eating out.

It is a mental model of the knife that Marsha used to kill her adoptive father. The core concept is to recognize the human body as a gas cylinder of desire, then sheath it and pull it out.

The amount of desire leaking out of one scabbard was 1% per minute, and it was a powerful ability that arithmetically lasted 100 minutes, causing any target to fall into a state of exhaustion.

'Dangerous. To cancel the eating out rule, I have to find it first.'

Malta noticed that the smoke from his throat was escaping from the room and was bending somewhere.

It was a rule of thumb that even a superior opponent could be exhausted if stabbed even once, but the gas of desire was always directed at Marsha, so there was no choice but to expose her position.

'The cost of eating out of the rules. If this is the concept, would the law of destruction be limited to finding and killing?'

Malta's mouth was torn viciously.

If he refrained from attacking magic to establish physical relations, he would be defeated, but from now on, there was no reason to hesitate.

'wait. I'll kill you in one second!'

After leaving the room, Malta turned his head in the direction of the smoke.

Smoke was streaming out of the engine room, followed by the sound of a door closing.

'Using the darkness?'

It would be much harder to spot the black smoke in a tunnel without light.

Only then did Malta realize and screamed, baring his teeth.

"What a fucking girl!"

=======================================
[540] Such a problem (4)





As Marsha ran through the tunnel after leaving the engine room, a roar of anger was heard from behind.

"I will kill you!"

Throwing herself off, Marsha hid herself between the railroad tracks and the platform.

'I stabbed him once.'

Two daggers have been consumed so far.

Once materialized, the tattoo disappears and can only be recreated after 24 hours.

'Five bags left.'

She reached deep into her left thigh and pulled out another dagger.

The gas emission is 1% per minute, so it takes 100 minutes to completely exhaust it, but it was impossible to last that long.

'I have to stab him at least two more times.'

At 3 percent emissions per minute, even at full saturation, it can be exhausted in 33 minutes.

As the tunnel shimmered with an uneasy red light, Marsha hurriedly flew to the other side.

At the same time, a huge fireball smashed the train.

"crazy... ... !"

Marsha, feeling chilled, climbed onto the platform and ran through the complex road.

"Do you think you can run away!"

Malta cast teleportation and came up on the platform.

However, at that point, the ejection of gas stopped and the black smoke disappeared.

"what?"

The last trace of smoke I saw was going around the corner, but I didn't dare to approach it.

'The scars still remain.'

If so, it is an application of eating out of the regulations.

As expected by Malta, Marsha hid under the escalator while temporarily suspending her magic.

If the spirit zone is blocked, the dagger of the spirit will disappear and the gas of desire will also stop erupting.

'Now four sacks... ... .'

I couldn't even use it and one bag disappeared, but it was only the result.

"come out! You are so cowardly as if you were from the street!"

'You're talking nonsense.'

As if to prove that it was a provocation, Malta was protecting herself with passive magic and exploring the surroundings with only the Spirit Zone.

'It means to increase the agility of the counterattack.'

When Marsha, who had approached by teleportation, activated the dagger on the wheel, the gas began to erupt again.

As she rolled over like a cat to avoid Malta's magic, she cut her ankle and opened a new wound.

'Did you pierce the earth skin?'

The dagger of the parrot ignores physical defense.

"Kyaaak!"

A powerful air press pressed Marsha to the floor.

A spine-shattering shock rushed in, but there was no time to feel the pain in front of the fireball blazing in Malta's hands.

An explosion erupted with a bang, and Marsha ran out of range as she tackled Malta's waist.

'At this interval, range magic cannot be cast.'

The dagger was lodged in Malta's side.

"Annoying girl!"

Malta, who had punched Marsha's chin, grabbed her wrist and pulled it off. Marsha turned her other hand behind her back and pulled out the dagger of her hand from her hip bone.

"Yaaaaa!"

It stabbed his side like crazy, and in an instant, 4 more sheaths were added.

"Damn it!"

When Malta prepared for damage and cast fire magic, a popping explosion occurred and the two flew to the other side.

"Huh... ... ."

Marsha shuddered at the pain that seemed to melt her skin.

'Seven with this.'

At 7 per cent gas per minute, Malta would be over in about 10 minutes.

"Oohhh!"

It was a terrible thing for the victim to see black gas emanating from his body.

Malta's Hellfire, with all its might, devastated the inside of the subway.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

As time passed, Malta felt that her energy was declining, and finally guessed what the ability to eat out was.

'It was something like that.'

Thinking there was no time, Malta pushed harder and finally drove Marsha to a dead end.

"Die, fool!"

Two huge pillars of fire twisted like a twist and came together over Malta's head.

"Huh uh uh uh!"

Then Malta's eyes widened and the magic disappeared.

"Time over."

Malta, who had blown out all the gas of desire, knelt down helplessly with a thud.

My body felt weak as if I had been running on a mountain all day.

"Keugh! To someone like you I... ... ."

Marsha approached, clutching her burnt right arm. She then looked at Malta for a moment and then she kicked him hard in the jaw.

"Ouch!"

He fell over without even the strength to hold on and fell on the back of his head to the floor and passed out.

"What are you doing with your hands down?"

Marsha sighed and walked towards the engine room, dragging Malta.



When the party returned, Marsha treated the burned area with Fermi's healing magic.

After accusing Malta, Miro ordered Lian to take out his wife who was locked in a room and kneel in front of her husband.

"honey! How did this happen? honey!"

No matter how fake it was, it was embarrassing to say it in front of his wife, so Malta couldn't open his mouth.

"It seems that your husband harbors a grudge against our group. Have you had a history like this in the past?"

Hearing Fermi's words, his wife looked shocked and dazed.

"honey. Is it true? really... ... really that girl... ... ."

Malta shouted with her eyes wide open.

"What are you doing! rather kill it! I'm sick of living in this crappy world anyway!"

"It can't be. This would be a good case."

Miro asked, looking back at Fermi.

"What are you thinking?"

"Leave it to me. It's a great opportunity to see how Minority Conception combines information. Let's take a look at her wife's reaction while torturing Malta. Let's try the opposite case."

"That's not allowed."

Lian objected as if there was no need to go through his brain.

"No? why?"

"Because it is cruel."

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Fermi laughed really stupidly.

"Aren't you misunderstanding something? I'm not trying to punish you. After all, this is a world without laws. It's just a good chance to predict Shirone's condition."

"I never thought of that. The important thing is that her wife is not at fault."

"Then think about it. Don't be stupid."

said Fermi, patting his head.

"We know this place is fake. That is, it is 'open'. The Maltese wife, on the other hand, is 'locked up'."

Only being locked up is the truth.

"The quality of the information you receive is completely different depending on what state you are in. So what about Shirone? It is 'locked up'. We are taking in the information of this world meaningfully. Therefore, it is likely to be different from the Shirone we know in terms of personality and temperament."

Fermi pointed to his Maltese wife.

"Even while living with my husband, the information was not completely restored. Because you're locked up. Therefore, I have no choice but to apply a bigger impact than that, rather than encounter'."

Fermi clicked his tongue as if he were tired and grabbed his wife's head.

"I will take you to your room. there I... ... ."

Fermi, who stopped talking when the greatsword suddenly appeared in front of him, turned his head with a cold expression.

"no. No matter how you think about it, this isn't it."

"... ... Are you really stupid? It's not even a microbe, so how can you think of it like being trapped in an open state?"

"It is not a matter of condition. Real or fake, I cannot tolerate myself bullying someone who is not at fault."

"It's hard to come out this uncooperative."

"I will cooperate. I will bring Shirone back, even at the cost of my life. So can you trust me this time?"

Lian and Fermi had a long snowball fight in that state.

"Whoa."

Finally, Fermi raised his hands and stepped back as if he had lost.

"All right. It's really frustrating. Are you Shirone's friend?"

"Shirone is smart and cool-headed. I'm sure more than you. But... ... ."

Lian also took the greatsword.

"Shirone would have made the same judgment as me."

A moment of silence ensued.

"Well, maybe. I apologize for doubting your friendship."

The retreating Fermi suddenly turned around.

"But I am not Shirone."

When the air cut magic was cast from Fermi's hand, Malta's throat was cut off.

"Honey oh oh oh!"

Ignoring his wife's screams, Fermi grabbed Malta's hair and pushed his face in front of him.

"Now, can you see? This is her husband's face. died because of you Do you remember anything now?"

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Kyaaaaaagh!"

"You can scream as much as you like. But think about it. you are fake The real one is already dead."

"Oh no! It can't be! my, i... ... ."

My wife looked up at the ceiling with a shocked face.

"The plant man... ... ?"

Fermi's eyes sparkled.

'This is it!'

As his wife immediately lost consciousness and collapsed, Fermi muttered with his chin resting on his face as if he was sorry.

"Shock equivalent to death, or more. It's quite difficult, but still... ... ."

"You bastard!"

The moment Lian rushed at him with a greatsword, Marsha ran up to him and hugged him.

"Wait, Lian! Be patient!"

"Let go! Are you sure you are on the side of that child?"

"I thought the same as you! But you did it once! Be cool! I'd rather... ... ."

"Aaaaaaa!"

Lian shook off Marsha and ran.

'Cool! cool-headed! efficiency! efficiency!'

The wizard's words are always right.

But then what to do with these seething emotions that seem to explode in your heart?

"I will not forgive you!"

As the greatsword fell toward Fermi, dozens of palms appeared like illusions and grabbed the blade.

As Miro stretched out her arms, Lian flew to the end of the living room and landed with her sword pointed.

"What is it? If you're going to do something cool too... ... ."

"no. I fully understand your feelings. But I want you to know this. If you kill Fermi, Shirone will never come back."

"Nope. I will save Shirone."

"Then stop even more. Because time is running out."

Lian lowered his sword and asked.

"What are you talking about?"

"Even if Syrone's information is 100% restored, there is no guarantee that the signature on the contract will be valid. Is that what you're thinking, Fermi?"

"Yes. The first thing I realized after coming here is that even in a virtual world, incarnation and the law are separate. That gives me two reasons to find Shirone as soon as possible."

Fermi spread two fingers.

"First, if Shirone gets into an accident or dies, the information cannot be reunited. This can be verified by killing a Maltese wife."

Fermi continued before Lian fired back.

"But the chances of that happening are extremely low. In fact, even if we don't go looking for it, Shirone will be found soon. I hate to admit it, but he's incredibly quick at judging situations. Even if you leave it in the desert, you'll build a sand castle and live there."

Even Ryan acknowledged that.

"The information from Apocalypse will change Shirone endlessly. It's because you're locked up. If it's a dangerous world, there's plenty of potential for magic to manifest itself. Maybe even go as far as using magic just like in real life."

Marsha said.

"But even so, it's not the real Shirone."

"You will be surviving by making the most of the situation. If it were me, I would. If you can afford it, you can actively promote something. We'll meet anyway. However, it is Shirone of Apocalypse."

"Whoa."

Fermi looked back at the sighing Lian.

"Now do you understand? The Maltese wife is important information. If Shirone is completely reconstructed from Apocalypse, the only way is to make her realize that this place is fake. But that is, for sure, crazy."

Miro said.

"It's easy when you put it into practice. Even if someone says the real world is a lie, we will never accept it."

said Fermi with a shrug.

"Yes. That's a problem."

=======================================
[541] Forbidden Shrine (1)





Washing herself with the water pouring from the shower, Miro closed her eyes and thought.

'It's getting more and more embarrassing.'

Malta died and his wife was expunged after Fermi's experiments.

Lian thought that was also murder, but the reason she finally kept her mouth shut was not because of Shirone.

open state.

Everything except the Abyss Walker was false, and from the beginning it was just an information object without life.

'The same goes for Shirone.'

If you encounter him, in the case of the Maltese couple, you will regain some of your memory, but in the end it was just a distorted memory.

"Miro."

When Miro opened her eyes at the voice she heard in the bathroom, Arius, who shimmered like a ghost, appeared and prostrated herself.

"Did you come in after all?"

"We are only passing information through the code. But this won't last long either."

It meant there was no time.

"Yes, tell me."

"Shirone is currently located in the northwest colony of the city. But I couldn't get detailed information because of the firewall. It seems that there are coder talents there."

"Is that the mutant Maltese said?"

"Maybe."

"How is Shirone?"

"The flow of information is seamless. But as for the mission... ... Not good."

Just as Fermi expected.

"Right."

"Search around the colony. Then you will be able to find Shirone."

"It's a colony. Words must come through Their language, can you code?"

"Available. I just need to inject my information. But I will never come here again."

"doesn't care. Please code the party as well."

Arius bowed his head.

"... ... Be careful. A while ago, two new pieces of information were added to Apocalypse. A perfect incarnation, not a minority concept."

"Abyss Walker. But what are you telling me to be careful about?"

"I couldn't figure out the exact entity, but when I first encountered their code, I... ... ."

Arius raised his head and said.

"I thought there were two more Miro-sama."

Miro's hand, which was washing her body, stopped abruptly.

"It is such a strong incarnation. Currently, they are split in two, but if they run into each other, even Miro-sama would be uncomfortable... ... ."

Miro wasn't offended.

"Is it the Ten Commandments? But why are they here?"

There was only one answer.

'He's thinking the same thing as Uorin.'

Miro turned off the shower and turned around.

"I get it. From now on, I will take care of it, so code it."

"Please preserve the jade body."

Arius' vision disappeared as it turned into a code of symbols and numbers.



* * *



The rain that had fallen all night had stopped and the clear sun rose in the sky of Apocalypse after a long time.

Shirone and Yo, who left the colony early in the morning, decided to explore the downtown area deeper than yesterday while the day was clear.

"It's raining."

Shirone said while looking at Yo who smiled pleasantly.

"But without water, survival is impossible."

"it's okay. Stored water can last for a month. I love the sun."

A blush bloomed on Joe's face.

"And... ... I also like the light of the archon."

Shirone floated the Shining magic above her head.

It was raining yesterday, so I cast it as part of a strategy, but this time it was just a joke.

"iced coffee! So good!"

"Yo has a lot of appetite."

Yo understood the joke of the ancients.

"haha! that's right. Actually I... ... ."

The moment Yoh saw Shirone's cold eyes, he stopped talking and focused his attention on his surroundings.

'It's a surprise.'

Bullets rained down from all sides at the same time as she activated her silver mirror and blocked Shirone's way.

Underground people could be seen between the sparkly metal arms.

"I will eat! Something to eat!"

Even at a rough count, the number was over 40.

"It's a combat unit! Hide behind me!"

It was a yo that had to protect as much as the consul under any circumstances, but Shirone jumped out as if there was no need to worry.

'Santan movement!'

Shirone, who had turned into a photonized state, split into eight directions as if exploding, firing photon cannons in all directions.

From there, when teleportation was linked again, the flash of light entangled like a net, devastating the surroundings.

"wow... ... ."

Yo, who was stunned for a moment, turned his head to the sound of an engine coming from the alley.

"Ha ha ha! It's a hunt, a hunt!"

A jeep with a machine gun appeared, escorted by seven motorcycles, and his men were delighted.

"Taejang!"

Shirone opened her eyes wide when she saw an underground man twice as tall as the driver.

"How can you... ... ."

It was impossible to estimate the average size of an underground person.

"It's Taejang. He is the head of a combat unit."

"Let's avoid it for now."

As Shirone spread his wide wings and took Yo in his arms, the jeep's machine gun turned sharply and black bullets quickly followed.

"Ugh!"

Yogi shouted as he soared over the roof of the building.

"Arson! under!"

Taejang was chasing the wall with unbelievable agility.

'What is it?'

The moment the rifle was fired, Shirone used the rainbow drop to fall down the railing.

"Yah-ho-oh!"

Then Taejang, who was very excited, turned around and threw himself into the place where Shirone was.

'crazy... ... ! It's on the 20th floor!'

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

As if he hadn't thought about falling, the captain pointed his rifle down and fired bullets like mad.

When Shirone, who had given up teleportation, activated her berserker, the light curtain subtly twisted the bullet's trajectory.

"Huhhhh!"

The sight of bullets was a terrible fear.

'Calm down! If you miss the point of the fall, it's the end!'

He just hoped that the bullet would not bend to him even by mistake.

Shirone, who cast teleportation again just before collapsing to the ground, turned at a right angle and slid on the ground.

"Damn it!"

Later, when Taejang arrived at the same spot and twisted his body, there was a thud and his body rolled on the floor and crashed into an old vehicle.

"Aaaagh!"

"Taejang, are you okay?"

A jeep and motorcycle squad came out to meet them.

Taejang, who distorted his face like a gorilla, got into the jeep pushing his dislocated shoulder.

"go! It's a feast today!"

"Kyayayaya!"

Shirone's spine shuddered at the sound of the hordes of monkeys rushing in from afar.

'They're really dangerous. Physical abilities, as well as weapons, are comparable to the power of magic.'

No, maybe his own magic is equivalent to their weapons?

Setting aside the confusion of memories, Shirone said.

"I can't get away with it. Is there no choice but to fight?"

"There is one place, where they can never enter."

"You can never come in?"

"Yes, probably. Because I don't want to go in either. We call it the Forbidden Shrine."

"Is it a dangerous place?"

"I don't know. It's a contaminated area, but I heard no one has been there since a very long time ago. I feel weird right now too."

'Hmm, I'm fine... ... .'

If it was a meme that could be used in a destroyed world, Shirone didn't have to worry.

"Let's go there, guide me."

Yo was erratic, but he did not disobey the consul's order and pointed in the direction.

"It's over there."

The destination was the tallest building in the city.

It was a building completely covered in mucus, so there was not even a trace of destruction.

"exactly... ... I do feel a sense of incongruity."

Apocalypse humanity would have been even more ominous.

"But Mucus is in the way?"

He broke the silver mirror of yoga and said.

"It's best not to touch it, but when I'm in a hurry, I sometimes open the way this way."

As the fragments of the silver mirror scratched the mucus on the floor, the slime wriggled like a creature and began to retreat.

"There it is!"

As the underground people pursued from the other side of the block, Shirone pulled Yo and cast a berserker.

"let's go!"

As the curtain of light pulsed, the path to the entrance opened wide.

"Don't miss it! shoot! Shoot!"

The jeep stopped in front of the building at the same time Shirone and Yo entered the door without even looking back.

"Do you have to enter the forbidden holy ground? Cowardly children."

"Taejang, what should I do?"

Two adults can feed a combat unit and have enough leftovers.

But even if he jumped off the roof of the building, he never wanted to enter this place.

"I can't. Give up. Let's find another game."

The engine roared away, and mucus dripped from Mucus with a slam against the tombstone erected next to the entrance.



Fairy Biomimetics Lab



* * *



Aaaaaaang.

Miro and the others stopped walking and looked back at the explosion heard from across the city.

"what? Is it a battle?"

Then came the noise of shooting.

"Let's go. It seems pretty intense."

Knowing that Shirone was in the colony, it was something he couldn't just ignore.

Skipping the streets all at once with the labyrinth's spatial movement, they ran in the direction the gunfire was moving.

"It's annoying."

When Fermi casts his air skate magic, both feet float and slide rapidly across the ground.

"He carries all the star magic."

As Marsha stomps, Fermi twists and spreads her legs.

"It doesn't fly like fly magic, but it has good cost-effectiveness among movement magic. The movement is also free."

Fermi, who went ahead while taking the run steps, looked back at the party and said.

"Anyway, I put all my money into this operation."

It was a mission that would roll in 190 billion gold if successful.

said Ryan.

"You keep moving away? It seems to be a chase."

Marsha, who was embarrassed for nothing, asked Fermi.

"Hey, how much is that? Will it be handed over?"

"Two million gold. Would you like to buy it?"

"shut up."

It was Marsha who thought that she should diligently run with her feet.



* * *



"weird. It's really strange."

Shirone looked around the lobby of the building.

It used to be a common place, and there was nothing special about it except for mucus sticking to the walls.

"Of course it is strange. No one comes in here."

"No, it's not like that, it must have been before."

A certain memory flooded Shirone's mind.

Oak table in a snow-white office. The intelligent bespectacled man held out a piece of paper and said,



-Congratulations, Mr. Shirone. You have been selected for artificial hibernation. You can sign here.

-Nope. I can't survive alone leaving my precious people here.

- You don't understand the situation. It is not a matter of individual survival. You are entering as the representative of mankind.

-But how... ... .

-Don't be cocky. I, who is presenting the contract to you, must also remain here. In other words, this is the end of life.



"... ... Have I really become alone?"

Yo couldn't understand Shirone's feelings, but the fact that he was sad was enough.

"Do not worry. We are there."

Shirone stepped away from the wall and looked at the stairs leading upstairs.

'Obviously on top of this building... ... .'

I think that office was there.

But now, it was completely blocked by Mucus's mucilage, making it a colorful wall.

"Have you gone back by now? The hunt won't make you wait long."

Ignoring Yo's uneasy voice, Shirone searched for memories again.



- Let's go underground. There is no time.

-Sorry, I was just thinking about it.

-... ... I hope you make a better world.



'underground. There is something underground.'

Shirone ran to the elevator and said to Yo.

"Can you open this door?"

"Yes? Ah yes."

Yo made his arms out of metal and inserted them into the cracks in the elevator door, opening them as hard as he could.

"Huh!"

The door opened and a vertically falling elevator shaft appeared.

"done. We can go underground."

"Are you going underground?"

"It's okay if you don't follow me if you're anxious."

Joe's expression immediately changed.

"Nope. I have a duty to protect the Archon."

"It will be fine."

Shirone, who threw her Shining magic into the aisle, grabbed onto the elevator line and went down, followed by Yoga.

"... ... ."

A minute later, a person's face bulged out from the mucus that had engulfed the ceiling of the lobby.

=======================================
[542] Forbidden Shrine (2)





* * *



A metal arm popped up on the ceiling of the elevator.

Eun-Kyung's sword started slicing with a clatter, and the ceiling collapsed, sending Shirone and Yo into the jump.

"It's not as deep as I thought."

Judging by the height, the elevator stopped on the first basement floor.

"What if I go through the floor?"

Seeing Mucus block the stairs, I thought it would be dangerous to go too deep from the start.

Suddenly, the ceiling cracked open and electricity bounced, and the light on the elevator button came on.

"There is electricity... ... ?"

Before I could calm my startled heart, the elevator door opened by itself.

Along the stretched corridor, lights on the ceiling lit up sequentially, and the monotonous landscape of the laboratory greeted them.

Mucus was buried here and there, but it was enough space to be active.

"Let's take a look from here."

Shirone took Yo and strolled through the hallways of the laboratory.

Pneumatic locks were hung in each room, and numerous electric iron bars were stacked like blocks inside the glass walls.

'Isolation Facility. Was it a place where animal testing was conducted?'

As I entered the central control room, the only door to which was open, the turbid air stung my nose.

There was a light stain of blood on the wall, and mucus halfway down the wall, as if it had leaked in from the ground.

"There must have been a battle."

Destroyed objects were thrown everywhere and there were bloodstains on the floor.

"It is not a battle. It is a one-sided massacre."

It was such a sight to be sure.

"The electricity coming in... ... ."

Just in case, Shirone pressed the manager button in the central control room.

With a hum, hologram monitors turned on all over the place, sending numerous three-dimensional images.

"Ji, the underground... ... !"

As Yoga stiffened both arms and took a combat stance, Shirone raised her hand to stop it.

"Do not worry about it. It's just an illusion."

Shirone studied the image floating on the cylindrical hologram seriously.

A human and a monkey were spinning side by side, but after a while, the holograms overlapped and synthesized into a creature with the characteristics of an underground person.

'What is it?'

As Shirone manipulated the options of the hologram device, a document appeared on the monitor on the side.

"Is it an ancient language? What is it written on?"

Shirone read while tracing her memories before hibernation.

"Dynamic Human Project. Government official approval."

Having said that, Shirone kept her mouth shut and read only with her eyes.

It was because he seemed to understand a little why the children of the sun and the people of the underworld were reluctant to come here.

'Oh my gosh... ... .'

What was written in the document was shocking.

In the aftermath of nuclear war, 80 percent of humanity suffered from mutations, deformities, and deterioration of vital functions.

Humanity full of recessive factors has reached the point where it can no longer reproduce healthy offspring, and thus the Dynamic Human Project was attempted.

Combining artificially cultured primate and human genes to create a much stronger human than before.

That way, at least he thought he could survive in the destroyed world.

"Major. what is written Are the underworlders going to be punished soon?"

Literally, this place was a forbidden sanctuary, and Shirone couldn't find words to explain it.

"Are you okay? I don't like the color of your face."

At that moment, mucus flowed down soundlessly from the wall behind, and two eyes flashed open from a height of 2 meters in the slime.

As the pupils wandering around caught Shirone and Yo, the slime was pushed out and began to come out in human form.

"So what is this... ... ."

At that moment, Shirone sensed something with the Spirit Zone and quickly turned around.

"what!"

there was nothing.

Yogi turned around with his eyes wide open, relaxed his expression, and asked.

"Why are you like that?"

"There must have been something... ... ."

"Maybe it's because you're too nervous?"

"Nope. The shape of the slime is different."

Even if it was pushed up to the ceiling like when I first came here, the shape was completely different.

However, with Yo's keen eye, he couldn't confirm that.

"If you're worried, can we just leave?"

Shirone pursed his lips and fell into thought.

As long as I realized what this place was like, I couldn't go back to the colony like this.

'Obviously, here's the answer. If I do well, I might be able to get my memory back.'

Said Shirone, who made her decision.

"Let's explore a little more."

After escaping from the lab, the two set out to find a way down into the basement.



* * *



"The explosion is gone."

At Miro's words, Fermi accelerated.

"I'll look into it."

He quickly passed the block on his air skates, checked around the corner, and signaled that it was safe.

Lian, who arrived late, looked up at the tall buildings and said.

"Only this place wasn't badly damaged."

Marsha nodded.

"Still, are you more alert than before? Anyway, this scenery is definitely strange."

As they each walked in the direction they were taking, Miro pointed to a building.

"Can you see it over there?"

It was a skyscraper covered in mucus.

"Someone has entered."

It was clearly an artificial trace that there was a rough path in the loosely spread slime.

"Muckus is annoying. Moreover, if this amount... ... ."

You don't know how much slime the inside of the building is filled with.

"Isn't there no choice but to go and see?"

Miro moved first, and the remaining three followed.

The lobby was surprisingly clean, and only the stairs going up were full of mucus.

"Shall I pierce it?"

Miro pointed to the stairs and Fermi turned the corner and stood facing the lift.

"Looks like you went that way."

After walking there, Marsha held on to the wall and looked down the elevator shaft.

Inside the box made of iron, there was a weak light.

"There is light. Is it an Abyss Walker?"

"That too, you will understand when you go down."

As the four of them went down the elevator shaft, something fell from the ceiling in the lobby.

A human made of slime.

It was hideous, as if the skin had been peeled off, but the features were clear and the eyes were clear.

Commonly known as the Mucus Man.

"... ... ."

As Mucus Man looked toward the elevator, mucus slowly trickled down the top of his head, and he grabbed his face as if sucking in water droplets and pulled him to the ceiling.



* * *



After descending to the 4th floor, Shirone took a deep breath in the clear air.

"wow... ... ."

I looked around with eyes full of joy.

It was an arboretum that could only be found in the tropics, and the leaves of numerous trees were growing along the walls.

"The ecological environment underground. No, more than that, how did you hold on until now?"

This was impossible without constant temperature, humidity and light.

"Let's just go down. I guess here... ... ."

I was reluctant to check the 4th floor with Yo.

"There is a bigger tree over there."

But she was now stepping out first.

Entering the large arboretum sealed with glass walls, numerous computer devices were running, and a huge tree stood in the center.

Shirone, who came in belatedly, could guess Yo's expression just by looking at Yo's back.

"Uh huh?"

Standing in front of Yo's eyes was smaller than what he saw from the outside, but it was definitely the tree of life.

Embryos with taps were clinging to the branches, and the wide glass tubes that contained the roots were filled with mucus from the mucus.

"How can this... ... We are... ... ."

As I was muttering yoga, the slime in the glass container rose all the way up and grabbed the fetus and pulled it.

Seeing the faucet snap and fall into the mucus, Yoro screamed with a pale face.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

"calm down! If you make a loud noise... ... !"

Yo wasn't crazy.

"Arson! How did this happen! Why is the tree of life here? That said, the sun... ... !"

There was no way to know that it was Shirone, but there was a way to confirm it.

When I pressed the option button on the control device, the hologram turned on again and the explanation continued.

'Human Extinction Prevention Project. Government Unofficial Approval. Also... ... .'

Like the Dynamic Humans, the Children of the Sun were not naturally evolved humans.

The contents of the document were telling us more shocking facts than what we saw on the first floor.

With more than 70 percent of plants and animals extinct and resources depleted, humanity has finally realized.

That humans should no longer be involved in energy.



Human greed ruined everything!



Humanity needed a special manager who was not swayed by desire, and the local energy circulation system Mucus was born as a result.

The significance of Mucus is to digest animals and plants with mucus to generate energy necessary for the ecosystem.

Eventually, however, as even the local energy dried up, it began to destroy and expand the limits of its territory on its own.

The system, which judged that the maintenance of the ecosystem took precedence over the preservation of specific objects, even digested humans.

In such a situation where the planet dried up, the conclusion mankind came to is that the human power mechanism must be redesigned from scratch.

Silence Artificial Hibernation Co., Ltd., which was carrying out a human survival project under the leadership of the government, contacted the few remaining descendants of the fairies and established Fairy Biomimetics.

The result is the tree of life using solar power.

It was the belief that mankind would not disappear even if the world perished if there were organisms that could survive only with photosynthesis and water.

And now, the future they could never confirm was unfolding before Shirone's eyes.

'Mutants are the manifestation of the characteristics of fairies. The human obsession with the species is truly formidable. But... ... .'

Shirone looked around the laboratory with sad eyes.

'Is this really the future they dreamed of?'

thud! And Yogi knelt down on his knees.

"no."

Tears ran down my cheeks.

"Isn't it? am i dreaming? We are... ... Are the children of the sun a race blessed by Ra?"

A long time ago, even Dynamic Humans and Children of the Sun would have known about the existence of this place.

However, it was a fact that one should never know, and it led to instinct and finally became a forbidden holy place.

"Arson! Tell me please! what are we Are you really human?"

"It doesn't matter. It's important that you are the only species surviving in this world right now."

"But so far we... ... !"

At that time, Mucus, which had been submerged under the Tree of Life, wriggled out, and Mucus Man came out.

"Dangerous!"

As Shirone hugged Yo and rolled on the floor, Mucus dripped from the ceiling and covered the walls.

"What is that again?"

Shirone, who hugged Yo and turned her head, was horrified at Mucus Man's hideous appearance.

"High efficiency energy... ... ."

As Mucus' arms stretched out like rubber and rushed in, Shirone threw herself and fired a photon cannon continuously.

Mucus Man, whose shoulders and abdomen exploded, jumped up, and slime descended from the ceiling, grabbed him, and sucked him in.

"damn!"

It wasn't the end of catching what was visible, but the entire Mucus filled with buildings was the enemy.

After gaining a new body, Mucus Man walked around on the wall like a spider, and whenever Shirone attacked, he was immediately soaked in slime.

'How am I supposed to fight something like this?'

As Mucus Man rose from the floor and swung his fist, Shirone flung himself to the other side.

At the same time, thick tentacles stretched out from the slime on the wall.

"The Archon!"

Just when Yo, who came to his senses belatedly, was about to jump out, the arboretum door opened and a tall man passed by her.

Ignoring the acceleration, he blocked Shirone's way and swung his greatsword, slashing away the tentacles.

"Shirone! It's fine?"

When the blue-haired man turned his head, Shirone put on a dazed expression.

Then, new memories flooded into my head and began to connect with countless memories.

"... ... Lian?"

Syrone information recovery rate.

69 percent.

=======================================
[543] Forbidden Shrine (3)





"How are you here... ... ?"

Shirone couldn't find the source of the words she uttered.

My memories have been brought back little by little as I have encountered numerous incidents, but it was the first time that I had a strong nostalgia like this one.

"The Archon!"

When he raised his head at the sound of Yo's scream, he was moving somewhere, buried in the slime on the wall of Yoga caught by Mucus Man.

"this!"

Shirone, who hurriedly ran to the door, bumped into three people who ran after Lian.

Some of them were familiar.

"It's been a while, Shirone."

As Marsha brought out her prepared remarks, another excruciating pain surged through Shirone's head.

"Keugh!"

Miro, Marsha, Fermi.

Like it or not, these are the characters who made a strong impression in reality.

'What the hell are these... ... .'

New memories were born as their information naturally intertwined with Shirone's information.

descendants of fairies.

Because he is a descendant of the fairy tribe, which is only a minority in society, he can use special abilities.

"Help me! Yoga got caught! I would have gone underground!"

No one moved.

Just as no adult interferes with children's playhouse, the work here was meaningless to those in an open state.

"As expected. I'll subdue it once."

"Fermi... ... !"

Looking back at Fermi, Shirone gritted her teeth as she recalled the memories of tormenting her terribly in the fairy society.

"I don't have time to fight. If you won't help me, I'll go find Yo at least by myself."

"Either way."

Just as the magic was about to activate, Lian said.

"yes. Let's go, Shirone."

Fermi's head jerked.

"What are you doing?"

Lian completely turned to Shirone as if ignoring him.

"I don't know who he is, but he must be someone precious to you. Let's go get her."

Fermi looked back at Miro and Marsha.

"Are you going to leave me alone?"

"You have no choice but to go. Because this is Shirone."

The Shirone that Marsha knew was not a person who would ignore the misfortune in front of her no matter what the cause was.

Fermi pinned his last hope on Miro, but she too warmed up and headed towards Marsha.

"Majority vote in favor."

"Aunt, but this... ... ."

"Give up this time. Do you know what kind of character Shirone is? And now I know Lian's personality."

"There is a certain degree of frustration."

As Miro burst into laughter and moved both hands, the incarnation of Guanyin appeared like a halo.

After a while, the huge pair of spears hit the floor.

Woo woo woo!

The impact was enough to shake the entire arboretum, but only the shape of the palm was imprinted on the floor.

Miro, noticing everyone's gaze, smiled awkwardly.

"Ahaha, is this building really solid?"

Shirone burst into a tantrum.

"Are you laughing now? Rather I... ... !"

"Whoa, whoa, whoa."

As Miro let out a long breath, Shirone's eyes widened.

The incarnation of Guanyin reached the ceiling of the arboretum as it became dozens of times larger than it was just a moment ago.

'Journal !'

As Miro poked the floor with his index finger, Guanyin's giant fingers penetrated the building's floors one after another.

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!

Marsha screamed and fell, followed by everyone falling to the 10th basement floor, the last floor of the facility.

Fermi grumbled, dusting himself off.

"With temper hair... ... ."

Shirone couldn't take her eyes off the maze.

"Who are you?"

"Do you think it would be better to talk as we go?"

As Maze pointed toward the hallway, the slime that revealed the curves of the urine was moving rapidly toward the darkness.

"stop!"

Shirone and the others quickly jumped, but the end of the corridor was blocked by a huge glass wall.

"What's this?"

Shirone was the only one who knew the answer.

'The maglev elevator... ... .'

When I put my hand on the glass wall, LED lines appeared and a rectangular panel came to mind.

Shirone placed her hand on the palm-shaped fingerprint reader, and soon the fingerprints shimmered and the glass door opened.

'As expected, my records are stored.'

It was only natural if people who would later wake up from hibernation would be able to use the facility.

As I followed Shirone into the elevator, a soft light descended from the ceiling.

"Where are you going?"

The moment Miro finished speaking, the elevator shot towards the darkness at breakneck speed.

However, it was dark, and I didn't even think that I was moving past the acceleration section.

"It must be where the Mucus control device is located."

Before hibernation, I never thought that such a gigantic facility could be hidden underground.

'Maybe there's not just one entrance. All the basements of major institutions must have something like this installed.'

After finishing her thoughts, Shirone looked back at the party.

"What the hell happened? What happened to us?"

Having a sense of incongruity was a positive sign.

"Listen to me from now on, Shirone. It's hard to believe, but it's real. The world you live in right now... ... ."

Miro looked at Shirone's reaction and said.

"It's all fake. Even you."

Shirone was silent for a long time, but unlike his Maltese wife, he chose to listen first.

"I don't understand what you mean."

"great. Then I will do it again from the beginning."

When Miro confessed everything he needed to know, even Shirone couldn't help but be shocked this time.

"Fake? All of this world?"

"yes. So you don't have to care what happens here. What you have to do is the real you... ... ."

"It can't be."

Shirone shook her head.

"I'm not blind, so... ... It really can't be."

Miro understood Shirone's feelings.

"Perhaps. But you have to take my word for it. Descendants of fairies? no i am human Your memories and mine can't be different, right?"

"lie!"

In the end, Shirone couldn't stand it.

"The aftereffects of artificial hibernation caused confusion in my memory! Even the manager said so! If you fall into hibernation for a long time, you can do that!"

"That is also a lie. It's just an artificial memory created to permeate the information of Apocalypse naturally."

"You want me to believe that?"

Marsha said.

"You have to believe, Shirone. Otherwise, the real you will die."

"damn!"

Shirone twisted her body as if she didn't want to hear it and ran nervously around the elevator.

Lian approached him and said.

"Shirone, it may be difficult, but... ... ."

"I will believe you."

Shirone turned around.

"Okay, I believe you. Maybe Miro's words are true. So I believe you."

Shirone spread her arms and looked at the four of them.

"Now, what do we do? Will something change for me? Or do I need to do something more?"

"... ... ."

The real problem was this.

Even if Shirone believed Miro's words, nothing would change.

Because thinking it might be and feeling it really are are as far apart as the ends of the universe.

Whoa!

The speeding elevator slowly slowed down and suddenly plummeted down.

"Big!"

As the air pressure inside the elevator was automatically adjusted, the state of weightlessness was avoided, but the feeling of rumbling air in the stomach was terrible.

'How far is it going to fall?'

The lift did not take long to reach its destination, but I had no idea how far it was from the ground.

The glass door opened, and what they saw was a corridor covered with flickering panels and endless wires.

Awakened by the fear of falling, Shirone widened her eyes and stepped towards the aisle.

Whatever the truth, the first thing to do was to save Yo.

When I passed the place with the sign for the special quarantine area, a quiet mechanical sound leaked from the inside of the doorless door.

When Shirone floated a photon cannon in her hand and suddenly flew away, the party hurriedly followed.

"This... ... ?"

Forgetting even her fighting spirit, Shirone stared at the huge object in the center of the hemispherical space.

The huge lens, 2 meters in diameter, resembled a human pupil, and thousands of wires were attached to the steel body that formed it and connected to the surrounding walls.

A single word came out of Miro's mouth spontaneously.

"la?"



Digital Ra(Local Energy Circulation System Quantum Computer).



Fermi asked.

"la? This scrap machine is that?"

"No, it is a real creature. But they are so similar."

Fermi tried to imagine the real Ra from the digital Ra, but it was meaningless.

"Didn't you say it was expunged?"

Information that has been erased cannot exist anywhere.

"right. Therefore, it is not the real Ra."

Myth was destroyed by a boy.

"It's another god created by humans who couldn't stand the absence of a god."

As the device in Digital Ra's lens spun, Mucus Man landed on the ceiling holding onto Yo.

"Yo! It's fine?"

Yo's face, which was full of despair, turned bright for an instant, but Mucus Man immediately pulled her roughly.

"Who are you? Why are you here?"

Shirone took a step forward.

"What are you really? The world has already been destroyed. But why are you doing this?"

"My name is Ra. It is a humanoid model stored in the data of a quantum computer."

Miro drew his own conclusions.

'Is it like an incarnation?'

"Actually, it doesn't matter what it's called. I am a program that purifies the world based on solar energy. It is said that Ra is the god of the monotheistic religion that ancient humans believed in."

"It is unacceptable for computers with any capabilities to attack humans."

"It is nothing more than a link in the cycle anyway. Annihilating a life is no different from creating another life."

"That's what you can say because you have no life. Have you ever mourned someone's death?"

"Humans also rejoice over someone's death."

Shirone bit off his teeth.

If artificial intelligence could change its way of thinking into words, the world wouldn't have collapsed like this.

'I have no choice but to fight. But I'm caught up in yoga... ... .'

While Shirone was in trouble, Marsha moved towards Ra.

"No matter what. If you need a human, how about me instead?"

"Marsha?"

When Shirone turned around, she closed one eye.

'If only I could stab the dagger of the immoral man... ... .'

As Ra's arms stretched out and grabbed Marsha's neck and pulled her, Yoro exclaimed as if it were absurd.

"Crazy? Taking hostages!"

"yes. I guess so."

Marsha's expression suddenly turned cold, and she took out a dagger from her left hand.

As she poked Ra's side, her eyes twinkled as she confirmed that black smoke was pouring out.

'It works! If this... ... !'

Marsha continued stabbing the dagger frantically, and stared at the smoke escaping from her body without even responding.

"What is this?"

Only then did Marsha realize the strangeness and stop attacking.

"this... ... !"

The scabbard sheath made by eating out of the regulations was healing on its own.

"You are transforming information."

The backup capabilities of quantum computers have exceeded human imagination.

"I will analyze your data."

The slime of a beast resembling a leopard protruded from the mucus on the wall and attacked Marsha.

It was a model for a specific creature that Ra digested before it perished.

"It's dangerous!"

Shirone unknowingly threw herself into a hug and rolled on the floor.

"Shirone... ... ?"

Shirone's pupils shook as he met Marsha's.



- You can hug me.



"Aaaaaang!"

As the beast stretched out its hind legs and flew in, Shirone held out his hand with a surprised expression.

"Dangerous!"

Just when Lian was about to rush and shout.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

Ra's head turned quickly as the sound of crashing came from far away in the underground facility.

bang!

A sword broke through the iron wall, flew like a clothesline, pierced the beast's cheek, and was caught in Shirone's hand.

"... ... Geumgang Armed Forces."

At the same time, the blade opened wide like a spider's legs and swallowed Shirone's entire body.

=======================================
[544] Forbidden Shrine (4)





Armand's pressure was familiar to Shirone.

When something sharp stabbed his spinal cord, all functions of his body became superior and Armand's information was synchronized, as if a power pack had been installed.

In my memory, the six options equipped on the magic sword flowed down.

Among the information delivered intuitively through brain waves, only the Valhalla action was in an unusable state.

"Shirone, did you think of something?"

Shirone looked down at Marsha.

Marsha's strong memory raised Shirone's information recovery rate to 78%, and reached the level of undivided attention.

Since the real Shirone was in a state of being combined with Armand, the information was implemented as it was in Apocalypse.

'I don't know. What the hell is real.'

I thought that when I regained my memory, everything would become clearer, but it turned out to be the opposite.

Now all the memories were mixed together like a mash, and I couldn't tell which was real and which was a dream.

'First of all, I have to find Yo.'

Shirone put down Marsha and stood up.

"Release Yo."

"You foolish human being."

All kinds of beasts created based on the information recorded on the digital ra came out of the slime everywhere.

Then, tentacles protruded from Armand's robes and beat the beasts at great speed.

Fermi made an absurd expression at the sight of Kuzen sucking up the slime with his eating metabolism.

"What is that again?"

When I first saw Shirone in the arboretum, I thought I would be able to subdue her, but now she was showing off her power on a completely different level.

"Armand. It's Shirone's weapon."

Even Ryan, who said that, was equally perplexed.

It was different in form and ability from Armand I had seen before.

Shirone, who had sucked up all the slime, proposed one more time to Ra, who was holding on to Yo.

"Even if we fought, it would be in vain. Give up now."

"I just follow the workings of nature. Even if you want something from a falling rock, the rock won't stop."

"Surely?"

As Ra released into mucous, he began to swallow urine.

"Yeah, right."

"Arson! Run away!"

At the same time, dozens of tentacles protruded from Shirone's robes and rushed at Ra.

"It's already too late. Once converted, the energy... ... Kut!"

The moment the tentacles were embedded in Ra's body, Shirone's eyes widened.



Small world creation.



"Aaaaaaa!"

Like a light bulb, Ra's body became translucent, emitting white light.

When the slime in the room lit up through the medium of Ra's body, Yogi shook his body and quickly escaped.

At the same time, as Armand infiltrated Digital Ra's database, Shirone's mind also fell into a trance.

"The Archon!"

Yo's voice became faint, and a scream was heard clearly as if to fill the void of hearing.

The entire history of the apocalypse recorded by Digital Ra was rolling in.

War, famine, disaster.

A child who has lost a parent, a parent who has lost a child.

'Ah, why, why are humans... ... .'

Tears began to flow from Shirone's eyes, who had covered all the sins of mankind.

Is this too cruel!

"Aaaaaaa!"

Connected to the tentacles, Shirone rose to the surface and straightened her waist like a bow while screaming, and a dazzling radiance was born as if it were about to explode.

As the information recovery rate soared while absorbing the world's information, an incarnation with angelic wings was born from Shirone's body.

"Banya transcending the mind."

Miro muttered, swallowing a moan.

If he had reached this point based on the information of Apocalypse, it was safe to say that there was no room to raise the information of reality.

'stop! Please stop!'

The history of suffering quickly penetrated Shirone's mind.

And finally, the place they arrived at was a white room where Mucus Man was waiting alone.

"Did you see? This is why I must exist. Humans don't need humans."

Shirone just shed tears.

There was only one fact that I realized after hearing the gruesome screams of all mankind.

'Humans... ... .'

Nothing should be done.

"You insignificant human being."

Shirone slowly turned her head.

"Do you know why I did not exterminate the most useless human beings by the standards of the ecosystem?"

Shirone couldn't answer.

"Because those who made me think that way are also you, humans."

I looked up at the ceiling.

"They mistake themselves for superiority, but in reality are more unstable than any other creature. I did not destroy humans in order to find the answer to that contradiction. And now... ... ."

Ra's gaze returned to Shirone.

"I found the answer in you. If humans are truly contradictory beings, you too can change the world."

"You change?"

Ra put her hand to her chest.

"It will become one. I can read the system of the world, and you have a singularity that can change the system. It is to bring them together to create a new world."

Shirone swallowed his saliva.

The despair and pain of the people I watched through Digital Ra quickly passed through my mind.

"Human, give me another chance. All human sins and suffering can be eliminated. Eternal peace comes to this land through the sacrifice of one person."

It was a huge ideal that transcended individual categories.

However, in return, what Shirone had to sacrifice was something most precious to the individual.

"I... ... ."

After thinking for a long time, Shirone opened her mouth.



"what?"

Miro and the others looked around.

The luminous lights weakened and the lens of Digital Ra, which was rotating as if it was about to explode, regained its original speed.

"Whoa!"

Ra took a deep breath after confirming that Armand's tentacles had come out.

At the point of sharing thoughts with small world creation, there was no need for any further conversation.

"Arson! Are you okay?"

Shirone, who held Yo's hand with a bitter smile, turned to Ra and said.

"Send us outside."

Marsha asked.

"What are you talking about? You must go with us."

"Marsha sister, Lian... ... ."

Upon discovering the transcendent sadness in Shirone's eyes, Marsha couldn't go any further.

"Sorry."

In front of the hope of being able to change the world, Shirone gave up everything.

Before Lian could speak, the slime engulfed Shirone and Yo, sending them out along the wall.

Miro looked back at Ra and asked.

"What did you do to Shirone?"

"nothing. He made the best decision a creature could make. I just gave you hope."

"Hope? What hope?"

"There must be no reason for you to know, right?"

The incarnation of Kannon rose from Miro's body.

"I'm feeling quite ambiguous right now, so it's better to be honest. You, how much do you know?"

Kannon's palms spread across the digital la.

"Information is endlessly replicated and never recovered. Destroying me does not mean I am destroyed."

"It's enough to think about it then."

It was concluded that it would be better to preserve the aircraft for the purpose of digital.

"I will change the system of the world by combining Shirone's spirit and my skills."

"Are you going to absorb it?"

"The word fairy tale is not appropriate. I will purify the world by controlling Shirone's neural network. it's like... ... ."

Ra stopped talking abruptly, widened her eyes, turned her head, and then looked the other way.

It was a mechanical and disconnected movement that seemed impossible to analyze even with quantum calculations.

"... ... Who are you? Where did you connect from?"

Miro and the others looked around at the sudden sound, but there was nothing to see.

Then, someone flashed into Miro's mind.

'no way?'

As she expected, Ra gave up on finding out whereabouts of his true identity and continued speaking while staring at the vague front.

"Why are you helping me?"

Silence passed for a while.

"Right. i get it."

As if ending the conversation, Ra turned his head to Miro.

"With this you will never be able to stop me. It's better to give up and go back."

Miro's eyes widened fiercely.

However, if that human started interfering, there was nothing I could do here, so I turned around with a tsk and a tongue.

"Let's go out. I don't have time to be like this."

Fermi tilted his head.

"Are you going back? Wouldn't it be nice to get more information from Ra? This is a rare opportunity."

"Ah, yes."

Miro turned to Ra again and said.

"Remember. I am the kind of person who does it."

The incarnation of Kannon, who burst out of the maze, placed Digital Ra between his palms and brutally crushed it.

Digital Ra's lens, which was dented like scrap metal, was smashed into chunks, and Mucus Man was absorbed into slime as if he had fallen into water.

"let's go."

Lian, Marsha, and Fermi stared at the destroyed Digital Ra in dismay, then regained their senses and chased after them.

Shortly thereafter, bluish electricity began to circulate in Digital Ra's body.



- System Backup. Estimated recovery time 0.000023 seconds. complete.



It wasn't as quiet as before, but as the engine revved up again, the figure of Mucus Man rose above the slime.

He muttered as he watched the maze exit.

"... ... After all, human beings."



After exiting the Fairy Biomimetics Lab, Miro started looking for traces of Shirone.

However, no traces could be found on the ground, probably because she had cast flight magic.

Eventually giving up, she turned to the group.

"Listen. I really don't have time from now on. We have to move fast too. It is the biggest variable."

Fermi asked.

"What happened? Is it because Ra was talking to someone?"

"I heard a report from Arius. Perhaps the person who accessed Ra was Shura."

"Shura?"

"Heaven's Eternals Community, Leader of the Church of the Ten Lords. She probably could infiltrate anywhere in this world if she were her."

"You are a talented coder. But are you great enough for Auntie to worry about?"

Miro jerked her head and flipped her hair.

"Hey, where is someone like that to me?"

Then he returned with a serious expression.

"To be honest, it is not negligible. All of the Ten Commandments are made up of Prajna and Yaksha, and especially since Amitabha is number one in the hierarchy."

Prajna and yaksha are only standards for determining the realm, and depending on how they are used, the actual combat power varies widely.

Nevertheless, the reason why Miro didn't mention it was because all the executives of the Tenro Society were the ones who used the strongest skills in their field.

Ryan asked.

"Is Shura the number one Amitabha?"

"no. I don't know the exact rank, but when I looked at every aspect, I'm sure he was a middle or low rank in the Ten Commandments. But it's tricky because this is the world of undercoders."

Marsha asked.

"why?"

"Because I am a lawyer. It's the most excellent class to block the incarnation's attack. If you are an executive of the Ten Commandments, you can think of them as lawyers who have reached the highest level among humans."

"It's got it right."

If you are a person who uses the strongest law in reality, you will show off your abilities close to that of a half-god in Under Coder.

"Perhaps the Ten Commandments chose Shura to stop me, but not necessarily for that reason. Just like Theraze, the Ten Commandments are paying attention to Shirone. The apocalyptic world becomes a kind of laboratory for Shura."

"Because everything that happens here can be analyzed in code."

Marsha said.

"If we can infiltrate anywhere in this world, how are we supposed to find Shura?"

Miro shook his head.

"No, there is no need to find Shura. Maybe she's in the colony. She will lead the children of the sun and take them to Shirone."

"How can you be sure of that?"

"Because Shura is a banja incarnated as a snake. That's why people who know her call her that."

Miro recalled Shura's face and said.

"The god of false doctrine."

=======================================
[545] Daejikdo (1)





Returning to the northwest colony, Shirone called priest Bebeto.

It seemed that Shirone's heart had become uncomfortable after visiting the forbidden holy place, so Yo stayed by her side, only paying attention.

As the code tangled in the temple, Bebeto appeared.

"Did you call, Archon?"

"Prepare to leave the colony."

After cutting off the context, Bebeto and Yogi looked at Shirone with surprised expressions.

"You are leaving the colony? Then where are you talking simple?"

"I am not going anywhere."

Shirone said confidently.

"I will change this world. Everyone lives together in harmony in a world without war and without food."

Bebeto made a puzzled expression.

When he proposed an alliance with another colony, he thought so, but what he said now was not something a normal person could think of.

"What the hell happened?"

Bebeto asked Yo, but Shirone answered.

"It is not yet time to speak. When those who left to propose an alliance gather... ... ."

"Guardian has arrived!"

The gatekeeper shouted before Shirone could finish his words.

When Shirone stood up and headed towards the entrance, the door burst open and a group of people including the guardian entered.

"what?"

While Shirone stared at her absurdly, Excer, who entered flapping his bat wings, prostrated himself.

"As you instructed, Archon, we have signed an alliance with the eastern and southern colonies. These are the guardians of each colony."

It was what Shirone wanted, but no matter how much I thought about it, it was too quick and easy.

For those who were extremely reluctant to have two suns in one colony, it was clear that they would be wary of the alliance's proposal.

"What happened?"

At the question containing many questions at once, Ekseo finally showed a puzzled look.

"The fact is... ... ."

"It is my work."

Shura in a green dress split the Guardians and appeared.

"The consuls of the eastern and southern colonies have already been removed. In other words, the only sun in this world is you, Shirone."

Shirone involuntarily took a step back.

'Can no one feel it?'

The aura of a snake rising from a woman.

I couldn't see it, but I saw a huge snake coiled around and flicking its tongue.

It will be a specific frequency between banyas.

"Who are you?"

"I am Shura. He is the one who will make you a god at Ra's request."

"Ra's request?"

"I think there must be an intruder. You must have known, too."

Shirone remembered Miro and the others.

"Are you going to harm them?"

"No, rather the opposite. They're coming to hurt us. I will do my best to stop it."

Shirone, who reached the level of wisdom through the creation of a small world, belatedly realized how powerful Miro was.

It would have been all too easy for her to undo this incident if she put her mind to it.

'But... ... Mr. Miro said it was for me.'

Shirone, sitting on the powerless throne, asked.

"Maybe this world is a lie. What do you think about this?"

Shura with a kind smile came to Shirone's side and bowed before she knew it.

She poked Shirone's head with her snake-thin fingers and whispered in his ear.

"There is no such thing as truth in this world, Shirone. Only what you believe is true."

"... ... ."

Shirone was lost in thought for a long time, then raised her head.

"So, what are you going to do now?"

"I have to go through the ceremony to become the sun god."

When Shura put her hand on Shirone's shoulder and looked back at the Guardians, their shoulders twitched.

When she came to visit with the titles of Ra's wife and Shirone's mother, she thought she was crazy.

However, after seeing Shura's ability with his own eyes, even doubt was impossible.

"Shall we move places?"

Shura slowly closed her eyes, and the surrounding scenery began to unravel with code.

Fellow coder Bebeto trembled.

'God's language itself.'

Shura was truly the god of this world.

"Here?"

All three colony guardians looked around.

The scenery suddenly changed and we found ourselves in the middle of the desert outside the city.

"Huh, do you like it, Shirone? It is a place where you will become a god."

"Why did you choose this place?"

"No matter how much I am, I won't be able to completely protect you against Maze. More than anything, don't you like something fancy?"

"What splendor in the desert... ... ."

Shirone stopped talking and stared blankly at the sky.

As Shura raised her arms and muttered to the sun, cuboid stones weighing dozens of tons fell endlessly from the entangled cloud-like cords.

In the face of a process that would take years even if all the inhabitants of the colony rushed forward, the children of the sun came to believe in the existence of a god.

In front of a huge pyramid hundreds of meters high, Shirone couldn't help but feel fear.

'Who the hell is this woman?'

Shura pointed to the pyramid and said.

"This structure will protect you from intruders. Because all my abilities are concentrated."

It had to be at least this large in order to build a strong enough shield to block the incarnation of the labyrinth.

It was also a device for analyzing the codes that would arise from the union of Shirone and Ra tomorrow, though they did not speak.

"So is it a desert? But you won't be able to unite with Ra here."

"You have to accept that it takes time. Raga will bring all the mucus of the city to this place. Arrive by noon tomorrow at the latest."

"Right."

Shirone looked up at the top of the pyramid.

'Tomorrow there... ... .'

You will save a ruined world.

'I'm anxious anyway.'

Shura thought as she bit her nails.

It didn't end with just blocking the maze, but the maze's party would also try to sabotage in some way.

'I can't. I hate to borrow a hand.'

Shura, who was looking up at the sky, suddenly frowned and turned around.

"What the hell is this monkey doing?"



* * *



"Hurray! It's a hunt, a hunt!"

The subterranean combat unit, who had given up on entering the forbidden holy ground, discovered another human and called for joy.

"It looks so delicious!"

Bak-nyeo looked straight ahead and caught the motorcycle squad passing by.

Behind the encirclement, the chieftain was sitting in a jeep with his arms crossed and a ferocious expression on his face.

The motorcyclists who stepped on the brakes in front of Park Nyeo aimed their guns at her.

"I'm hungry, so I won't listen to the will."

Park Nyeo analyzed the emotions that permeated her heart.

'hunger. mockery. death. Last opinion.'

The moment she finished her thoughts, a gunshot exploded from the muzzle and sparks exploded.

Then their muzzles quivered and pointed towards the sky.

"... ... ."

The commander-in-chief stared blankly at the sight of his decapitated men convulsing and firing their rifles at the sky.

Moments later, the motorcycle collapsed from side to side, and Park Nyeo climbed onto the bonnet of the jeep.

"It's quite. What is your true identity?"

'Acknowledgment of me. question about the subject. The desire to understand.'

I am asking who

Although he had never learned the language of the underground people, the meaning of Taejang's words was transmitted through his body.

Park Nyeo.

Sura Yaksha, 11,200 years old.

Unlike most Eternals who pursue human ideals, her mind burrowed into a more animal realm.

After thousands of years, she no longer found the line between what made me and nature.

The sixth sense developed in the process is beyond the sensitive level and is what is called a 'monstrous sense', and it was a level where it was possible to make a prediction close to 100% for instantaneous phenomena where logic had no room to penetrate.

"I am your king."

Taejang's expression crumpled at Baknyeo's words.

Because he also has wild genes, he is extremely sensitive to signals that oppress him.

"How dare you ignore me!"

As the taejang rose like a spring, Bak-nyeo widened her distance.

When the underground people who were standing in her arms fired crossfire, she landed on the ground and lowered her stance and wrinkled her nose.

"Big!"



Axing-Nirvana E-engine (8 cylinders with recoil power).



With a pop, her body swept all over the place.

As the afterimages of the blades passed by, as if the wind of a blade passed, the underground people's bodies were slashed away, and Taejang raised the jeep with a monkey's roar.

"Eat this!"

It was an outrageous strength, but to Park Nyeo, the movement of the jeep seemed to slow down as time passed.

'It's cut.'

Her axing Nirvana E-engine pushes the cylinders of the Law with the power of Nirvana.

Up to 8 cylinders can be arranged, and one action is mounted for each cylinder.

Mechanism of 8 cylinders in series, 8 processes and 1 cycle.

The more you accelerate the Nirvana E-engine, the stronger the recoil force, the faster the cycle, and there is no limit.

'Acceleration!'

Accelerating the power of Nirvana, Park Nyeo swung her sword at the jeep that fell over her head.

Her cycle, equipped with 8 directional slashes in 8 laws, has now exceeded 80 times, and it was so fast that even the eyes of the elder with amazing moving eyes could see it blurry.

The body made of iron split like a star, followed by numerous cuts.

By the time Bak-nyeo passed the jeep, the body had already been broken into thousands of fragments and was rolling on the floor as if it had been disassembled into parts.

"Whoops whoops!"

The appearance of his clothes fluttering in the heat rising from his body was the appearance of a yaksha.

"ah... ... ."

Taejang looked at Park-nyeo with shocked eyes.

Even without language, wild physiology carried a feeling into his genes.

"Oohhh! Oohhh!"

king!

A king has appeared to rule the jungle of this city!

After screaming, Taejang strode forward and bowed his head in front of Baknyeo.

"King, rule me."

Knowing that strength is everything in the wild, Bak-nyeo naturally became their leader and gave instructions.

"Take me to the one who was your king."

Taejang still didn't understand the words, but his instincts told him where to go.



* * *



As the sun sets, Miro and the others finally found a place for Shura to perform the rebellion.

While the swordsman Lian guarded the ground, the remaining three wizards rose to the sky and looked at the huge pyramid standing in the desert.

"It's a structure that wasn't on the map. It seems to be over there."

"yes. It's really fast."

"Wouldn't it be late?"

"Enough time. By noon tomorrow at least for Mucus to arrive."

All the mucus in the city were wriggling and stretching out into the desert.

Thousands of times faster than the average rate of expansion, but still far.

As the day grew dark, Miro's eyes gazing into the distance shone with light.

It was a telescopic magic that refracted light and made it possible to see a farther distance.

"Hmm... ... ."

The bluish hemispherical curtain surrounding the pyramid must have been a defense against the law.

"I can't beat you, can you?"

"Can't you do it with your aunt's skills?"

It was Fermi who tried to provoke him, but Miro accepted it unexpectedly.

"I don't know if it's real, but here... ... ."

"Is there any other way?"

"We have no choice but to infiltrate directly. It is a barrier against the law applied from outside, so it is useless once you go inside."

"What if there are defenses inside? For example, disrupting magic with anti-magic."

I couldn't stand the maze this time.

"Are you kidding me? That's a barrier to keep me out. No human being can care that much about me."

"okay."

If the maze isn't strong enough to block a full-on attack, there's no reason to install a shield in the first place.

It was only possible when Shura, the strongest human lawyer, was able to do it.

"Anyway, it's embarrassing. It looks like they've integrated the Hive too. Can we get through the mutants and get there?"

"wait for a sec. Something appeared."

Hundreds of headlights rushed in from across the desert.

The sight of the underground people crossing the desert with their own means of transportation came into Miro's eyes.

"In addition to the colony, underground people also joined."

Marsha said.

"To remove the barrier, you have to penetrate inside. Those who block us are the leaders of the Ten Commandments, the guardians of the Children of the Sun, the underground, and Mucus. can you do it?"

Miro shook his head.

"no. Vanya's power is offset by Vanya's power. As long as Shura is active, leaving it to me is not a good choice."

"Then what are you going to do? Isn't there a way?"

"Is it really so?"

Miro smiled and looked down at the ground.

"We have a yaksha."

Everyone's eyes turned to Lian.

Unable to fly, he sat down on the floor and leaned his tired body on his sword.

"I am hungry."

=======================================
[546] Daejikdo (2)





* * *



Mucus completely engulfed the city.

It was enough to make me dizzy just by looking at the sight of the slime flowing everywhere.

"I'm stuck! spin!"

In front of a block filled with slime, Maze and the others turned the corner and left.

Tentacles protruding from Mucus followed as if tickling their backs, then were sucked into the main body.

"damn! Are you planning on interfering with me until the end!"

"Be patient. I'll be leaving soon."

By the time we left the city, it was already dawning.

Mucus was flowing endlessly towards somewhere in the desert, at which point Miro confirmed the operation.

"Shura will probably try to stop me. However, according to the report, there is one more senior member of the Ten Commandments. If that happens, I won't be able to help you."

It wasn't a losing trade if he could fend off two officers of the Tenro Society.

"So let's disperse. Fermi and Marsha detour and flank them. That will divert attention."

said Ryan.

"I'm aiming for that gap and infiltrating the pyramid."

"yes. Destroy the law with axing there. Then we should be able to reach Shirone somehow."

Lian's axing denies the law.

"Can I?"

"Yaksha's axing works directly on the body. That's why Vanya is difficult to deal with. It depends on how strong your will is."

'It's a will.'

Ryan chewed on the words several times.

Mucus lay thickly over the horizon.

The speed of giving up energy circulation and reaching only towards Shirone was faster than they expected.

"The furthest distance to Mucus is north."

"I will go."

Lian broke away from the battle line and sped through the desert.

Every time he stomped his foot after activating axing, the sand stood up like a bomb exploding.

"Well then, shall we begin?"

Following Miro's instructions, Marsha and Fermi spread the distance left and right.

The strategy of simultaneously pincer attacking the four sides of the pyramid was not an operation that could be done with only four people, but it would be of great help to Lian if he could endure it.

"They are scattered as expected."

Standing at the top of the pyramid, Shura opened her eyes and said.

Beside her, Park Nyeo and King Kong, the leader of the underground, were guarding her.

King Kong, 3 meters tall and fluffy, looked down at the 300 or so men circling the pyramid.

"We can go out anytime. Just leave it to me."

Park Nyeo asked.

"Which maze is it?"

"South. They're running straight here from the city."

Shura gave instructions to the Guardians.

"Guard East and West. I am in charge of the labyrinth."

King Kong asked.

"What will our unit do if they come?"

Shura watched Lian detour north along the horizon.

"Take the test. It seems to be bait, but 300 people will be enough."

"Oohhh!"

As soon as the instructions were given, King Kong pounded his chest and jumped down the pyramid.

"War! Get ready!"

"Kyayayayayaya!"

Hearing the screams of the monkeys spreading across the desert, Park Nyeo turned to Shura.

"I?"

"Protect Shirone. Because it looks like I'm going to have a fight with the maze."

Bebeto, priest of the northwest colony, climbed to the top of the pyramid using coder abilities.

"Shura-sama, you are here."

Seeing the maze running across the desert, Shura's eyes shimmered with evil energy.

"Fufufu, it's been a while."

"Shura."

With her gaze aimed at the top of the pyramid in the distance, Miro took a deep breath and prepared for a blow instead of a bow.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa."

The incarnation of Kannon rose from Miro's body like flames.

At the peak of the scale, the size of the incarnation dominated the sky, and everyone raised their heads with shocked eyes.

"I-what is that?"

Banya Baramil.

Miro opened her eyes and put her hands together.

'Paradise!'

In the extremely fragmented space-time, the arms of Kannon attacked the pyramid from left and right, holding individual power.

"Kyahahahahaha!"

At the same time, an incarnation of a giant snake appeared from Shura's body and wrapped around the pyramid.



Disciple Vanya - Gestalt of Disintegration.



Aaaaaaaaagh!

A shocking sound as if the heavens and earth were shaking shook the pyramid.

Codes flashed on the surface of the hemisphere whenever the pair of Guan Yin struck the defense shield countless times.

"It's not easy either... ... ."

It was certain that the god of false doctrines that cheated the law was the nemesis of Miro, who had reached the pinnacle of truth.

"Kikiki! Your tomboy temperament is still the same, Miro."

As Shura looked down at the maze, the corners of her mouth ripped like a snake down her cheeks to the corners of her eyes.



"come!"

Guardians rained down on the heads of Fermi and Marsha, who took a detour to the east and west of the pyramid.

Mutant's ability is very different. It was also a situation where I had to deal with more than 6 people by myself.

'To pay off the debt.'

Marsha pulled out the dagger of her harem.

'For 190 billion gold.'

Fermi swallowed the chip by the transaction of depreciation.

Moments later, a majestic explosion of magic resounded from the east and west sides of the pyramid.



"damn! The food over there is having fun! vaccinia! When do we fight?"

When Taejang asked, King Kong, who was crossing his arms, spoke in a solemn voice.

"wait. Our King has promised eternal food. After this job, you won't be hungry anymore."

"Something to eat!"

An underground man with a telescope shouted from the second shelf that surrounded the north side of the pyramid.

One swordsman was shivering in the desert haze.

"Shirone... ... ."

Lian moved slowly, watching Shirone climb the stairs of the pyramid.

Mucus completely took over the surrounding area and was approaching Lian at a high speed for a phlegmatic, but there was no need to be impatient.

You only get one chance, and even if you lose your life, it's a mission you must complete.

'You fought really fiercely while I was gone. more than I... ... .'

When he realized what kind of life Shirone had lived through Miro's mouth, the first thing that came to Lian's mind was sorry.

'I... ... I didn't have the strength to protect you.'

Only those who have actively plotted death can understand the determination of others.

Even when you fight, when you don't fight, death will always be by your side. Even in that fear, he must have gritting his teeth and taking one step at a time.'

Up to 300 underground people formed layer upon layer of defense, and Mucus also followed Lian's shadow.

'Now I'll protect you.'

At that point, Lian's steps stopped.

Placing his greatsword in the desert, he knelt down in front of the sword and offered a knight's prayer.

'Please establish a kingdom of faith in my heart.'

Mucus, who had engulfed the shadows, drew an arc and attacked Lian from behind.

'Let the unbreakable will and stronger pride dwell in the sword.'

The slime broke apart and flowed around Lian.

'Courage to choose the right thing.'

squash!

Slime rose like a tidal wave and hit Lian.

'Please engrave an iron resolve that will not be shaken in front of that courage.'

The location of Lian, who activated Axing, was 5 meters away from Mucus.

'Always make me stand on the side of the weak.'

"Kyayayaya! Kill! Kill!"

A detached corps of underground people rushed at Lian, drawing a curved trajectory in the desert.

"Do not give in to the logic of the strong!"

Lian split the underground man in his way in two. (1 kill)

"Guide the sword only in the spirit of chivalry!"

Then he twisted his back and cut off the waist of the underground man who followed him. (2 kills)

"Crush it!"

Sand fragments splattered as bullets hit the desert.

As Mucus got closer, Lian's steps quickened and he finally started running.

"Don't miss it! Catch it here!"

When the detached unit was wiped out, the combat unit rode in jeeps and motorcycles in earnest.

The shock wave of the powerful bullets shattered the bones in Lian's hand, who was blocking his path with his greatsword.

But, as always, <idea> is unbreakable.

"Yaaaaa!"

The will to slash was against the law, and the greatsword cut down the underground man with the motorcycle. (3 kills)

"Turn right!"

Lian did not care about the enemy's detour and only cut down those who stood in his way (5 kills) and moved toward Shirone.

"Never let it pass!" (6 kills)

The next column of fighters charged with rifle fire, but Lian swung his sword as if cutting through the landscape to clear the way. (8 kills)

"Um, isn't that crazy?" (10 kills)

When he pushed into the rain of bullets without hesitation (13 kills), even the belligerent underground people were stunned.

It was as if the ground was flowing like a torrent beneath Lian's feet as he ran with his sword hanging down.

"Taha!"

He swung his greatsword like a blow and cut down 1 person (14 kills), swung it wide and struck another person in the opposite direction (15 kills).

bang! bang! bang!

Hundreds of bullets pierced Lian through the flames as the grenade exploded.

"Great!"

Lian, whose clothes were burning in the flames, charged forward like a yakcha while holding his greatsword straight ahead.

"Yaaaaa!"

Let Lian, who jumped into the center of the enemy camp, turn.

Aaaaaang!

Denied blades wiped out all enemies within the radius like a stubborn beast. (16-24 kills)

"Is this all!"

At the end of the rotation, Lian transformed into a straight line and rushed like a bullet.

Slash,(34 kill) Slash,(38 kill) Slash endlessly(41 kill)

Slash,(45 kill) Slash,(48 kill) Slash endlessly.(51 kill)

'Run! (54 kill) Never stop!' (55 kill)

Every time he swung his sword (58 kills), bullets were driven into Lian's body one after another.

After passing through the shoulder and side and breaking the ankle, I started to hear Smille's hallucinations again in my ears.

"Damn it!" (61 kills)

It is unknown how long the illusion will last, but at that point it must have been his own death.

The distance to the pyramid was still far (64 kills), and the number of enemies outnumbered the dead (65 kills).

"You bastards!(67 kill) What the hell are you doing!"(68 kill)

Taejang drove the jeep himself.

It was a situation where dozens of people were dying because they could not catch a stupid human who rushed at them with a conventional weapon, a great sword.

"Oohhhh!" (70 kills)

Lian cut through enemies like a blow (73 kills) and charged Taejang.

The two arms wielding the greatsword ignored inertia (75 kills), and the bones of the underground man were only cut off like rotten branches (79 kills).

The captain leaped into the air, pointed his rifle at Lian between his legs, and fired his rifle.

"Huh!"

Lian raised his sword at Taejang with terrible pain and even more terrible fear.

'It just caught me.'

An underground man holding a sniper rifle out of Lian's line of sight pulled the trigger.

The bullet, which flew faster than sound, pierced Lian's heart with a bang.

"Ouch!"

All organs went into a state of shock with the feeling of electricity going through the whole body.

"Hahaha! You fool!"

Lian, who had been trembling as if convulsed after being shot, suddenly flinched and slashed the flying giant. (80 kills)

"Uh, how... ... ?"

As Lian, who should have been dead, was still alive and moving, the faces of the underground people turned pale.

"I... ... ."

It is Shirone's sword.

'So until I save the master... ... .'

Lian ran out with a strong grip on her sword.

"Never die!"



Axing-denying (death denial).



"Aagh! (81 kills) monster... ... Kuk!" (82 kills)

The underground people let out a scream boiling from instinct.

Listening to Smille's hallucinations, Lian's figure as he rushed into a rags body seemed to push death itself.

"Is it a yaksha... ... ." (84 kills)

At the top of the pyramid, Baknyeo looked back at Lian to the north.

After overcoming death and encountering the sight of fighting enemies (86 kills), a name I had heard a long time ago came to mind.

"Death Knight?" (88 kill)

=======================================
[547] Daejikdo (3)





Death Knight.

Although it is not a common sight, there are several anecdotes that can explain Lian's phenomenon to Park Nyeo, who has experienced 10,000 years of time.

In the history of war, some knights fought beyond death.

Their aspirations for life remain so strong that they cannot close their eyes even after death is the power of will that can only be explained as a unique law.

'It's the first time such a case.'

I've seen a decapitated man wield a sword for more than three minutes before collapsing.

However, Lian's inaction was active enough to be on a different level from that.

"Lian... ... ."

Watching Lian fight to the death, Shirone felt nostalgia for an emotion that no memory can ever replace.

'Right, it was... ... .'

Ryan was such a friend.

The fact that he risked his life to come running was never to harm himself.

'I don't know anything. What am I supposed to see?'

If this world is a lie, as Lian said, how can I explain the friendship with him in my memory?

"I can't last long anyway."

Park Nyeo came to that conclusion.

"I will die without coming here."

It was impossible for a person to survive being hit by so many bullets, so Shirone bit her lip and stopped thinking.

The world can be turned around with the sacrifice of one person.

This world must be true.

If not, what is the love, longing, happiness and joy of those who have lived here?

Fraternity was the best choice Shirone could get out of being locked up.

When the shock wave that shook the world came from the back, Park Nyeo turned her gaze to the battlefield where Shura and Miro were fighting.

"It's a huge beating."

The sight of the incarnation of Kannon frantically beating Shura from all directions made my limbs tingle just to see it.

"Aww, that sucks!"

However, the one who was frowning was Miro, who continued the offensive.

Except for the place where the two banyas were fighting, Mucus was in control of the south, flowing east and west and climbing the pyramid.

'Am I saying time isn't on my side?'

Miro glared at Shura and bit his teeth.

The incarnation of Guanyin, expressed in three dimensions, seems to have a view contemplating the world from the top of the sky.

However, in the realm of the spirit that Miro accepted, it was a four-dimensional view, that is, an open field of view in all directions without any blind spots.

The extreme scale opens space-time.

Therefore, the attack of Guanyin can be applied anywhere in space, and the speed of continuous hitting is also not limited by time.

'Quan Yin Torpedo Field.'

As Miro waved his hand, thousands of overlapping Kannon palms fell from the sky.

Shura, who made a hand sign, opened the snake's eyes and activated her ability.



The gestalt of union - the strangulation of God.



Around her, human-sized inverted crosses were born, then bent like rubber and assembled into spheres with no gaps.

Then, the repeated blows of the Gwaneum Torpedo were pierced violently enough to pierce the ground.

"Whoa, that's really annoying."

The inverted cross studded with red jewels disintegrated, revealing Shura laughing with her long tongue flicking.

"Have you been trapped in the dimensional wall for too long? The labyrinth is also out of date."

'He's talking about what's on the subject of the monster.'

Contrary to my heart, I had no choice but to admit that it was Shura's garden.

No matter how great the maze was, competing with the lawyer who dealt with lies in Apocalypse was like a lion jumping into the sea and fighting a shark.

'I have to destroy the pyramid.'

The key is to lift the law surrounded by the pyramids, but Miro wasn't the one who could pull off the task.

"I know what you are thinking."

Shura said while shaking the incarnation of the snake.

"Are you trying to hold me back and make someone else break the law?"

Miro didn't answer.

"But we are not the only enemies. Can I break through this and make it in time?"

When I turned my head to the place Shura was pointing at, the entire desert was engulfed by Mucus.



"damn!"

Marsha spat out a curse.

In a situation where just avoiding the guardians' attacks was daunting, Mucus rose from the floor and attacked her.

Although he stabbed several Guardians with a dagger of his own, Mucus's expansion speed was too fast to wait until he was exhausted.

"Do not interfere with our mission."

Ekser, who has the power of a bat, flew over Marsha's head and swung her twin swords.

As she flailed and rolled over the mucus, slime rose like an awl along her movements.

"What are you asking me to do!"

The moment Marsha gritted her teeth and stood up, Targang, who had the ability to detonate, opened a crater in her fist.

"It's over!"

pop! As her gas exploded, she hurriedly flung Marsha, who fled her seat.

"Huh!"

Right before the fall, Mucus stood up while building a wall and received Marsha.

The slime flowed rapidly, bound her limbs, and rose like a regurgitation, floating her body dozens of meters in the air.

"profit! Let go of this!"

After struggling for a long time, Marsha looked back at the other side of the pyramid.

Caught in the same state, Fermi made eye contact with her and shrugged.

"I'm really going crazy!"

With everyone stranded, Lian was the only one left.

"That... ... !"

Turning her head to the north, Marsha's eyes shook in shock.



'I don't stop!'

Seeing that the bottom of the pyramid was covered in Mucus, Lian increased his speed even more.

However, Mucus was now also slithering like a torrent, following Lian's heels.

"Shoot! Shoot even if you don't die! I mean crush it with bullets!"

An all-out attack by combat units was launched.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Every time Lian's sword moved like a flash, the whole body of the underground people was split into several pieces. (164 kills)

bang! bang! bang! bang!

As grenades exploded in all directions, dozens of shrapnel pierced Lian's left palm, which covered his face.

As the bullet zigzag scratched the ground, his ankle snapped off.

"Great!"

Ryan frowned and kicked the ground with his right foot.

The massacre began as the body fell in front of the enemy lines as if being pulled.

"Ouch! Ears, ghosts!"

Lian's face, covered in blood, was a perfect yaksha.

"Oh God... ... ."

Priest Bebeto opened his mouth in disbelief.

immortal body.

The body of eternal life that only those who received the recognition of the sun could have was reproduced in front of my eyes.

"Get ready, Shirone."

When the mucus flowed in from the east and west reached the top, Park Nyeo said.

However, there was nothing for Shirone to prepare.

It was enough to savor the end of life while feeling the texture of the slime that coiled around the ankle.

The agony that had put him in confusion so far disappeared like a lie when Mucus clung to his body.

will make a beautiful world

'Hello everyone... ... .'

Tears of blood flowed from Lian's eyes as she looked at Shirone.

'I'm sorry, Shirone!'

The blood of the enemies pouring down like rain mixed with bloody tears and flowed down his face.

'Just like now in real life, they must have fought at the cost of everything!'

The blood vessels in the heart that could not handle the speed of blood flow began to break.

'That's why I fell in a place like this!'

Smille's auditory hallucinations became clearer.

'I couldn't protect you!'

"Stop! I mean stop it!"

As they approached the pyramid, the concentration of firepower soared to an all-time high.

When a grenade exploded behind him, Lian jumped to the surface with shrapnel stuck in his back.

I managed to land, but my left ankle was cut, so I lost my balance and fell to one knee.

"Now! grenade! Shrapnel!"

"To my heart... ... ."

Lian stood up and jumped out, glaring at the enemies with only white eyes left.

Establish the Kingdom of Faith!(211 kill)

"Aaaah! (213 kill) Shoot! (215 kill) Shoot!" (218 kill)

Let the unbreakable will(219 kill) and stronger pride dwell in the sword!(221 kill)

"Don't come! (223 kill) Don't come!" (225 kill)

Engrave the courage to choose the right thing (226 kill) and the iron resolve that will not be shaken in front of that courage (228 kill)!

"Save people (231 kill)! (233 kill) Kkeok!" (234 kill)

Always be on the side of the weak!(236 kill)

"I'm going to die like this (239 kill)!" (240 kill)

Don't give in to the logic of the strong!(244 kill)

"Retreat! (246 kill) Retreat!" (248 kill)

Only lead the sword with the spirit of chivalry! (250 kills)

"Kreureung! Kreung!"

At the head of Mucus, which was barely catching up with Lian's speed, numerous shapes of creatures protruded as if they were submerged.

Park Nyeo, who was watching Lian's rush as if pushing the whole world, spoke in a calm voice.

"... ... Mach is rushing in." (257 kills)

The shape of the slime that only pursued Lian's movement from the end of the field of vision is a large straight sword that is not disturbed in the slightest.

She did not hide her feelings in front of the belief that she could be sure that it would continue to be so because it had been so.

"I'm afraid, yaksha."

It was the first time I felt so afraid that something was approaching.

"run! Ryan, run!"

Marsha struggled and shouted.

Fermi, who had been pathetically watching the honest progress, had no choice but to cheer for him this time.

'There is no time. The union will begin soon.'

Bebeto screamed.

"Aaaaaaa!" (273 kills)

Anyone who thought that a yaksha, advancing through death, was approaching them could not help but feel numb.

'little bit more!'

After killing 273 people, Lian's vision, which was full of blood and flesh, was wide open.

King Kong, who was waiting in front of the pyramid, pounded his balloon-like chest and shouted.

"come! Let's see who is stronger!"

As Lian grabbed the greatsword, the tip of Mucus transformed into a huge beast and bit his left arm.

"Keugh!"

It was a result that gave despair to Miro and joy to Shura.

"Krurruk! Kruck!"

As if not to miss the last chance, Mucus poured slime on the beast to inflate its size.

"it's over. This is unreasonable."

Fermi also had the same idea as Marsha.

'That's stupid. Ignore the tactics of what that belief is.'

However, Lian was still walking with her left arm, which could not be pulled out, behind her back.

"yet... ... no."

Even if everyone says it's over, even if you deny that it will never work.

'Because I couldn't protect you!'

There is one voice that can never be denied.

"yet... ... !"

that's right.

"It's not over!"

it's your own voice



Axing-deny.



"Aaaaaang!"

When Lian shook his shoulder with the yaksha's Ilgal, the mucus of the huge beast was ripped off from his left arm.

"Oohhhh!"

As the tons of weight fired like a cannon, King Kong greeted him with open arms.

"Take it! I am the strongest underground... ... ! 100 million!"

At the same time as the collision, King Kong's voice was swallowed up, and he flew away buried in slime and crashed into the pyramid.

Quaaaaaagh!(274 kills)

Lian, whose left arm was ripped off, frowned, baring all his teeth in the aftermath of Denai.

"Big uh... ... !"



- Smille. Smille.



With no time to recover, he began climbing the pyramid, stamping his broken ankle on the ground.

'Shirone! Shirone!'

And finally, when I could see the top of the pyramid, I kicked off the stairs with my right foot and jumped up.

"Shirone eh!"

Looking up at Lian floating in the sky, Bebeto sobbed as tears poured out of his nose.

"Ah, my God."

The sun was covering Lian.





(end of volume 22)

=======================================