
[143] The name parrot (1)





There was a secret space in the tavern royal palace. Even in the Freeman organization, only Falcoa can enter.

It was a loop manufacturing facility.

"You cheeky little boys! Do you think it will end like this?"

Jess' heart pounded as she stood beside Falcoa. I had seen Falcoa's eccentricities for a long time, but the current situation was not normal.

'What the hell are you doing here? Why did you bring me all of a sudden?'

As usual, Jess, who was returning from her job as a solicitor at the port, was captured by Falcoa's men and arrived here.

It's been a day since Shirone and the others left the tavern in a riot, but Falcoa's anger didn't seem to subside.

"Cheuk, wait and see. I won't let you go."

Falcoa laughed grotesquely, tearing at the corners of his mouth. In her head, the faces of the four party members shimmered with a nasty poem.

As expected, the one I hated the most was Amy.

When he poured the alcohol mixed with the loops that Falcoa gave him into his mouth and showed off his red face, he almost pulled out his sword right away.

Jess glanced sideways at Falcoa, terrified.

What Falcoa was messing with was a device that turned loops into powder.

The root of the loop is pressed to extract the juice, and then ground until all the moisture is removed, leaving only a fine powder.

But can we call it a drug?

Originally, it was used to chew the root of a tree and neutralize it with saliva. However, the current one was no different from a toxic chemical that only maximized its efficacy.

"Jiss, I have to go back."

"Uh, where are you?"

"To a girl named Amy. Having succeeded once, you will be able to succeed again. Don't tell me she can't. If you have eyes, you will know how I am."

Jess swallowed. Of course, I thought he would take revenge, but it was unexpected that it would go astray.

Jess had noticed that Amy was the offspring of a great family. If she stretched her clutches at her, it would only be a matter of time before the Galliant government and all her island would be razed to the ground.

"no way... ... Are you thinking of poisoning her?"

"Addicted? stupid child. That woman never gets addicted. all right If the ruler of the red eyes who made a name on the continent becomes addicted to this cat loop, it will be used."

"Then there is no need for this, right? I'm just going to scrape it and get scabs."

Jess tried to convince Falcoa with a glimmer of hope.

However, it seemed that Falcoa had already stopped listening to anyone.

"Such an idiot. Doesn't your head spin like that? Didn't you think that this operation would be successful because you will never become addicted to it?"

Falcoa wrapped the powdered loops in oiled paper. And I poured it all into the cup of water that I had prepared in advance.

Jess stopped breathing.

I've never used loops, but I know how to use them.

Usually, one root is enough to chew for about 2 hours. But now Falcoa's water has tripled that amount.

Moreover, since it is an aqueous solution, the effect of the drug, which would normally take 6 hours, should be received all at once.

"Stop, please... ... ."

"Yeah, that's it. I'm feeding this one more time. That girl would definitely accept and drink with confidence. But with a loop like this, you'll die without getting stuck. You know what I mean?"

"Uh, why are you doing that? You can't sell it when it dies."

"Hey, it doesn't matter. Bring the corpse."

Falcoa poured the loop solution into a glass bottle. When the aqueous solution melted into the bottle containing the drink, it looked like a pretty jade-colored cocktail.

"Okay, take it. It's simple. Bring it out that you have something to say, then feed it. Then you can put it on a wagon and bring it. can you?"

Jess looked at the vial with bloodshot eyes. His body was trembling with fear.

Amy won't deny it. And if you took even one sip, then it was over.

"What are you doing? Or do you want to drink?"

Falcoa's life force pressed Jis down. The flesh seemed to form like a hand, squeezing and grasping her neck.

"Stop it, you trash child."

"what?"

Falcoa doubted his ears.

Did the energy of the loop still remain? It won't be. Thanks to not taking the loop out of her mouth even for a moment, even the loop's medicinal effect was now insensitive.

"What did you just say? Say it again."

There are times when a person is rather calm when he goes through something too absurd. Falcoa was like that now.

It was later that I got angry. First of all, it was important to check once again whether the words of this young boy who had not dried blood on his head were true.

Jess couldn't get the words out of his throat.

Maybe it was the last chance. If I apologized even now, I might end up half dead.

'But... ... .'

Jess couldn't bear to bend the knee to Falcoa.



-I don't like guys like you.



The words he smiled at himself from the carriage made Jiss unable to move.

Why? You just have to admit that you're weak.

The moment she blamed Falcoa, Amy seemed to be turning into a liar, so even if she wanted to withdraw her words, they wouldn't come out of her mouth.

"Stop it, you dirty child. A guy like you isn't even human. A child who is so addicted to drugs that he can't even tell the difference! Saying that a guy like you is garbage is a compliment!"

Jess was dizzy. As pleasure and fear mixed together, he lost consciousness without being able to control his mind.

But he spit it out.

like Shirone. Like a person whose future does not exist.

Falcoa's fist swung like lightning into Jess' distraught face.

"Keugh!"

It was only when it became dark before my eyes that I realized the reality. What awaited Jess was a miserable future that could only be explained with the word hell.

"Such a madman! What happened to your head!"

Falcoa finally showed his true colors and beat Jess.

It wasn't just a beating to intimidate. He was really kicking Jiss body like he was going to kill him.

If the schema had been opened, Jess' body would have been crushed like meat hung in a butcher's shop.

"die! die! die!"

Jess couldn't even scream.

I felt like my whole body was being crushed for a while, but now I couldn't feel anything. Only shocks outside the realm of pain were transmitted.

"Whoa, yes. Killing a guy like you is no fun."

Falcoa regained his sanity. However, it was an indication that an even greater misfortune would come to Jess.

"Ouch! Kuck!"

Falcoa grabbed Jess by the hair and lifted him up. It felt like his neck was cracked, but Ji's condition was so messed up that he couldn't even worry about it.

"Okay, then I have an idea."

He couldn't trap Amy unless Jess stepped in and gave it to him, but Falcoa grew tired of arguing about trifles.

"I'm impressed, Jess. A person like you must have the courage to do this. I'm obsessed with that girl, but don't mess with her the way you want. How are you, are you happy?"

"I, please... ... Please take a look."

Jess burst into tears. Because he already knew what Falcoa was thinking.

"Did you say Yuna? It's your sister's name. You will regret the decision you made today for the rest of your life."

"No. Please, as much as Yuna... ... Kuck!"

Falcoa threw Jess's head to the floor. Like a ball, Jess's face thumped the floor, rose up, and plummeted downward. With that single blow, Jess lost consciousness.

"Cheuk, it turned out to be fun anyway."

Of course, she had no intention of forgiving Amy just because her goal had been changed to Jess' sister. She brought Yuna to her hideout and harassed her, then she intended to blackmail Jiss. When she threatens to risk her sister's life, Jis will have no choice but to comply.

"Bring a girl named Yuna to the hideout right now!"

In a fit of rage at his subordinates, Falcoa chewed up the entire root of the loop.



* * *



By the time Shirone and the others arrived at the villa, it was already close to midnight. The street was a street, so I was about to stop in the middle and solve it until evening before returning.

Although I didn't get the expected results in the room of achievement and sacrifice, I felt a lot.

The conversation between the four did not end, and as a result, the stories that each of them had in their hearts came out.

"Oh, you're going to be a soldier?"

Upon hearing Amy's hopes for the future, Tess opened her eyes wide in surprise. She didn't even expect that she was targeting her soldiers.

Of course, since he was a flame-type wizard and polished his sniper mode, he could be said to be perfect for a battle wizard.

However, the Amy Tess knew was a soft-hearted and affectionate person, contrary to her appearance. I couldn't imagine how she would go out on the battlefield and take down countless enemies.

"Honestly, I am worried. Amy thought a girly job would suit her well."

"Yes? Do I have a feminine job? I had never heard of such a thing in school."

Tess was able to guess how spirited Amy's school life was. However, she was good at reading people's hearts and knew Amy's real face.

"Whoa, I have a good understanding of espionage operations. A girl named Amy is actually very delicate and feminine."

Amy gave a subtle smile. She never thought of herself as feminine, but it was also a fact she couldn't strongly deny.

No matter how courageous he was, he wasn't sure if he would be able to properly adapt to the military as it was a man's world.

"Actually, I don't know. Because the target type is a long term, I chose the flame type. As a result, I had no choice but to choose the most advantageous job in my major. Of course, I think the job of being a soldier is positive. Being a soldier is not just about fighting on the battlefield."

"right. There is also a supply officer. The future is bright when you enter the operational headquarters. hit! How about something like this?"

Tess clapped her hands as if thinking about it, and Amy asked curiously.

"yes? Like what?"

Tess stretched out her index and middle fingers and pretended to aim them at someone walking on the sand at night.

"I mean the spy. Amy's thinking ability is excellent, and on top of that, long-distance strikes are her specialty? After all, you have the most important weapon for espionage operations."

"The most important weapon? what is that?"

Amy's eyes shone brightly. Concerned about her future, she couldn't help but be excited about another advantage she didn't know about.

"A pretty face. Beauty is a must for a female spy. Because no man in the world hates a beautiful woman."

Tess smiled like a tomboy as she spoke, and Amy turned her head sullenly.

"Ah, what is that? I was looking forward to it again."

"Whoops, I'm sorry. But it's not necessarily a joke. I get the impression that it's a priority when hiring a national spy. In a job dealing with people, Amy's impression is that it works perfectly. So seriously think about it. I will highly recommend it to my family."

"All right, all right. I will only trust my magic skills."

Amy's face turned red. Although her words were blunt, she did not hate being praised for being pretty.

'Aww, that's cute. Look, how feminine is she?'

To Tess, Amy was a friend full of bullying fun. Tess, who was thinking about how to bully her more, suddenly remembered something she was really curious about.

"By the way, what will happen when you graduate?"

"yes? Of course, I have to take the official exam first and get a job."

"No, Shirone."

"Shirone? Why Shirone?"

=======================================
[144] The name parrot (2)





Amy blinked at first, not understanding, but when she realized what Tess was trying to say, she turned her head away with a puzzled expression.

"Suddenly it makes strange noises. What does Shirone have to do with my graduation?"

"But it is. Shirone is still class pogo, and you are in your senior year. Besides, with your skills, you will definitely be able to graduate next year. If that happens, won't you leave for the capital?"

The moment she heard that she was leaving for the capital, Amy's heart suddenly beat faster.

I'd never thought of it like that before. But in reality, it wasn't that far off.

"It has nothing to do with me."

"Hoo, is it?"

Amy spoke coldly, but Tess couldn't detect the slightest hint of sincerity in her tone.

Amy, who remained silent for a moment, spoke out what was inside, as Tess had expected.

"still... ... I made a promise. sure to catch up with me. I told you to speak comfortably under that condition."

Tess closed her mouth in surprise and let out a ho-huh sound. If that was the case, the feelings the two had for each other weren't that light.

"Hmm. Of course, Shirone is also great. But I heard that class grapes went up in half a year? How could even a genius be able to graduate so easily?"

In fact, even Amy knew. The fact that the achievements Shirone has achieved so far cannot even be imitated by ordinary people.

An 18-year-old boy who lived without even knowing magic rose to Class Four in half a year.

It might be greed to want more here.

Amy looked at the back of Shirone, who was leading the way. Had Shirone ever thought of something like this? If she really graduates, will Shirone really miss herself?

It was difficult to take the first step among people who were doing their best. But Shirone was already taking a few steps ahead. Perhaps he is running with all his talents burning to the limit.

Amy knew that, but she couldn't help but feel upset. She glared at Shirone's back with a stinging gaze and conveyed it to her heart.

'I mean hurry up. I really won't let you go if you fall behind.'

After the women's confidential conversation, the two quickened their pace and caught up with Shirone and Lian.

After reuniting, Shirone and the others climbed the hill to the villa while talking about this and that. Then, suddenly, Tess stopped and warned in a low voice.

"Shh. quiet."

"Why all of a sudden... ... ?"

Amy asked, turning to Tess. At first she thought her playfulness was aroused. But when she saw that her expression was not serious, she immediately shut her mouth.

Tess, who trains saber swordsmanship, focuses on sensory-type builds among schemas.

Although not as good as archers, their sensitivity to stimuli far exceeded that of ordinary people.

Shirone and Lian noticed the atmosphere belatedly and approached her. Tess also signaled them to be quiet with a raised finger.

"There is someone in front of the villa. If you look at your lung capacity, you're a man. If you're average, you're probably between 170 and 175."

Lian grabbed the handle of the straight sword behind his back. There was a lot of chaos in the palace last night, so there was a good chance that there was an intruder.

"I don't feel any hostility, but be prepared just in case."

Tess stomped away like a cat, and the other three slowly followed her.

Upon arriving at the villa, I saw someone standing in front of the door. Seen only as a silhouette, he was looking elsewhere without even moving.

Shirone and the others moved forward without slowing down. But before I could take a few steps, the silhouette lost its strength and collapsed to the floor.

Shirone and the others looked at each other and hurriedly ran to the door.

The midnight visitor was Jess. I couldn't find a healthy place on my face where it came from.

Shirone grabbed Jess by the side and supported him. Just the touch of his hand made Jee's face crumple in pain.

"Keugh! Oh, it hurts!"

"It's fine? Who did you do this to?"

"I-get out of the way!"

Jess pushed Shirone away. He won't be able to get angry when he finds out who he's brought to this point. He didn't want to appear weak, at least not in front of Amy.

Jess sat down with his back against the door. The moment Shirone approaches to help again, he painfully raises the corner of his mouth and bursts out laughing.

"Have you been playing all this time? You've grown very tall."

Jess' condition looked very critical, but Tess remained vigilant until the end.

He was the one who seduced Amy in a strange way last night and put her in danger. No matter how injured she was, she had no intention of trusting her.

Amy, on the other hand, approached without hesitation. Rather than trusting Jis, as a person who knew the rules of this world, she was anticipating the future to some extent.

"What the hell happened to you? Tell me. Is Falcoa like that?"

Instead of answering Amy, Jess raised her head and glared at Shirone fearfully.

It felt good to think that I could confidently stare at Shirone.

It is Amy's life that she saved while falling to the end of her life. Wouldn't it be okay for her to be the main character, at least for a minute when she had to explain everything?

"Hey, you. Listen carefully. Take good care of your woman."

"What are you talking about?"

When Shirone tilted her head, not understanding, Jis frowned terribly. He had guessed since the conversation he had with Amy in the carriage. The fact that the relationship between the two cannot be clearly defined.

That's why it became more temperamental. She doesn't know why she has to go through all this trouble because of Shirone, who has everything she doesn't have.

"Amy, you son of a bitch! If you did something like that, protect it until the end!"

"I have no idea what you mean. why Amy? We were together all day today."

Jess recalled Falcoa's instructions. Even thinking about it now made me laugh out loud.

"Bring me, even if I kill you. Put the loop of lethality in a drink and bring it to Amy. Amy said she had no choice but to drink anyway."

"This crazy... ... !"

Lian widened his eyes like a tiger and clenched his fists. She was equally enraged by the others who were listening.

Of course, Amy isn't stupid enough to not know that Falcoa's trick is. However, given her pride and her red-faced abilities, she was a problem that could have been terrible.

Tess, who had been thinking that far, shivered with chills.

"Crazy. I knew he wasn't normal, but he really went the extra mile."

Shirone's voice was trembling like never before.

"So that drink... ... ."

"I threw it in the trash. I said I couldn't. Did you know now? I'm protecting Amy. It's not you, it's me! That I risked her life to keep her! Got it, you idiot?"

Shirone and the others firmly shut their mouths. I couldn't refute it, and I didn't want to refute it.

Shirone knelt down and leveled with Jis.

"Jiss, we... ... ."

"So!"

Jess cut off Shirone's words and screamed loudly. As he screamed with all his might, the pain swelled as if his ribs were breaking. But the reason he was crying like a waterfall was not because of the pain.

"So... ... ."

Jess lay flat. Then he put his forehead on the ground and spoke in a sobbing voice.

"Please help me."

Shirone and the others didn't say anything and just looked down at Jis, who was lying face down.

"Your sister... ... I think my sister got caught. After she came to her senses, she went to the store, she said she went home, so she went home and she wasn't there either. So she went looking for her... ... no one help me please find her sister I will ask you this."

Jis, who begged Shirone and the others, burst out crying and repeated the word please.

Shirone was looking at it with a feeling of anger and sadness at the same time.

How many streets have you wandered in such a mess? Who cares about a little sister from the back alley? I vividly recalled him calling her sister's name amidst everyone's indifference.

"younger sister. my younger sister. my everything... ... ."

"Is there anywhere you can guess? The place where my brother was taken."

Jess raised his head. He came because there was no one to ask for help, but even if he wanted to help, he had to collide head-on with the island's ruler, the Freeman Organization.

No matter how much a wizard was, his life was not guaranteed, so he thought it wouldn't be easy to do the favor. That is why he begged with the determination to lay down his life.

But Shirone didn't even think about it and was asking where her sister was taken.

"thanks! Thank you so much!"

Jess bowed her head. As for the gratitude he could express, he had only this much.

Amy, who was watching him disapprovingly, grabbed Jess by the arm and pulled him up.

"it's okay. Do what you do. All of a sudden, we're weirder. let's go in Let's talk while healing the wounds."

"Ha, but my sister... ... ."

"Idiot! If we recklessly attack in a hurry, we will be the first to suffer! If you were kidnapped on your way home, you still have plenty of time. Whatever I do, I'll fly and go, so do the treatment first."

Amy helped Jiss open the door to the villa. A girl named Yuna was also worried, but she was concerned about her wounds first.

As Jess lay down on the bed, Tess undressed him. Having learned numerous combat aids, she was able to know Jis's condition at a glance. It was evident from the shape of her bruises that her ribs were damaged.

Tess pressed all over Jess' body.

"Ugh! Oh, it hurts."

"Of course it hurts. I got it like this I really hit it without mercy. Be patient. I also need to check the organs."

Tess pressed on Jess' belly with all her might. The organs protected by the skin and muscles were difficult to see unless it was entered so violently.

"Mmmmm!"

It must have been a maddening pain, but Jess desperately endured it. It was because of the thought that he could go to rescue Yuna only when the treatment was completed as soon as possible.

"thank god. He has a cracked rib and the rest is just bruises. The organs are also safe. You are surprisingly strong."

Jess smiled bitterly. He couldn't fight, but he was already good at being beaten because he attacked numerous nobles.

Jess explained the situation while Tess applied bandages.

Considering Yuna's time from work and return home, the abduction time was estimated to be around 2 hours from now.

"I would have taken her to her hideout, so she wouldn't have arrived yet. But I don't want to be on time. I just want Yuna to live... ... ."

Amy cut off Jess.

"no it's okay. They'll be traveling in a wagon, so if we rent a horse and ride it, we'll be able to catch up. where exactly is the hideout? I have been quite far from here."

"I've never been there either. I heard it is in the north of the island, but I don't know if that's even certain."

"no. Maybe that's right there."

Shirone was sure that it would be a hideout. The north of the island is a natural cliff. Wasn't that why when I first came here, I went around the island and docked at the southern port?

In addition, if it was in the north, it was close to the Kergo Autonomous District, so it was out of reach of the government. There was no better environment to use as a hideout.

"Okay, then let's go. Can I be alone?"

Jess nodded. He intended to send Shirone away, even if the wound worsened.

Even so, the reason for the dark expression was because of the remorse for pushing unrelated people to the limb.

"Are you really okay? It's funny to ask for help and say this, but they're really strong."

Amy snorted. Even if she wasn't Jis's sister, the human named Falcoa would one day take care of her.

=======================================
[145] The name parrot (3)





"Hmph, yes, they are thugs. Don't worry and wait for us to come back."

Jess confessed what he knew. He didn't want to scare them away to rescue his brother, but he couldn't bear the remorse of his conscience if he let it go.

"They suddenly appeared and took control of the island in three months. It's not just an organization. According to Falcoa's subordinates, they were called the parrot thieves before coming to the island."

"The Parrot Bandits?"

Shirone's eyes widened. Amy was also lost in her thoughts, as if it was unexpected this time.

The parrot bandits belonged to a man named Lucas who had invaded the school with Arcane.

Amy had watched a man named Lucas dance. As the effect of Abyss Nova faded, she remembered that she was a strong enemy who could not be helped even with Iruki and Nade's pincer attack.

If it hadn't been for Shiina's sudden intrusion, the situation where all the students would be safe would not have been possible.

In any case, knowing his identity did not change the situation. It was important for her to leave as quickly as possible, as the life of an innocent girl was at stake.

"It's fine. We once fought and defeated the vice-captain of the parrot thieves."

Jess swallowed her tears and bit her molars.

"thanks. How could you do this for someone like me?"

So far, the aristocrats Jis met didn't even treat the gang in the back alley as human beings.

Maybe it was natural. Why would they, who monopolize the wealth and fame of the world, pay attention to people in the dark?

But these were different. He was trying to fight for himself, who had been thinking about getting ripped off with thin words.

"This grace... ... How should I really pay it back?"

Embarrassed by Jess' continued gratitude, Amy put her hand on her waist and sighed.

"Because it's done. After all, you saved me. Rather, it is we who have been helped."

"But such a dangerous thing... ... ."

"There is no need to complicate things. I don't even know anymore. Besides, since you're asking like a man, I'm accepting."

Jess looked at Amy with an absurd expression.

How could the word manly fit the situation? Shouldn't it be the other way around?

"Sheesh, stop pitying me. What is manliness? What kind of man in the world would beg so servilely? My pride is all crumpled."

"What are you talking about? You gave up on her pride to ask her to get her brother back."

"Yeah, but... ... ."

Amy smiled and lightly pushed Jess' forehead.

"That's what being a lead man is, you idiot."

As Amy left those words behind and walked away, Jess was about to burst into tears. But he seemed to have to put up with it. It was because I thought that if I cried already, I would pour cold water on their resolve.

Lian patted Jiss shoulder and followed Amy.

"Do not worry about it. You saved my friend, so I'll be sure to save your sister too."

Tess added.

"Instead, you should give them a proper tour when they come back. I will pay for your hard work."

Shirone turned to Jiss in front of the door and said.

"Trust us. I will definitely bring her sister safely."

In the end, Jess couldn't hold back her tears. He ran to the door, not minding his bandaged wound. Then, he shouted at the four members of Shiro who were walking away.

"Be careful! You really have to be careful! If you don't come back safely, I won't forgive you!"

Shirone and the others did not look back. However, their gradually accelerating footsteps were a surer answer than a hundred words.



* * *



Shirone and the others borrowed four horses from the western commercial district. It was Tess's opinion that if they were chasing in a wagon with poor mobility, they would not be able to keep it in time.

Although he boasted to Jess, the actual situation was going against him.

Above all, the identity of the Freeman organization, which I learned belatedly, made my heart heavy.

The vice-captain of the parrot thieves, Lucas, was a Class B criminal.

The number of criminals is not only a measure of the seriousness of the crime, but also a measure of force.

Even if you are a serial killer who has disturbed the city, if you are not strong enough, you will not be locked in Inferno, the western prison.

Shirone had a hunch that she was involved in something quite serious.

Something was definitely wrong. After the Arcane incident, I heard that the leader of the parrot thieves is a Class A criminal and is currently wanted.

Then, who is the Freeman of the Freeman organization they have to fight now?

"Amy, is it really the parrot bandits? Don't you feel a little strange?"

"I thought the same thing. How did a wanted gang manage to establish a base in a tourist destination? The arcane gun must have strengthened the pursuit of the parrot bandits."

Tess, who was riding to Amy's right, interrupted their conversation.

"It's not the parrot bandits."

"yes? Do you know something?"

"The parrot thieves are probably the name that changed when they moved to the kingdom of Tormia. Their original name is the Parrot Mercenary Corps."

"Mercenaries? Were you a mercenary? Then what about Lucas?"

"I don't know. But I know how they became bandits."

"Why?"

Shirone immediately asked. But Tess was afraid to tell him.

In terms of content, it was a common story. However, in this situation where they had to fight fiercely in the future, I thought that information about them could break Shirone's fighting spirit.

"Tess, tell me if you know anything."

When even Amy couldn't hold back her curiosity and asked for it, Tess couldn't help but start explaining.

"There is an incident that was quite an issue on the continent in relation to the parrot mercenaries. Do you guys know about the flower vase incident that happened in Iron Kingdom 7 years ago?"

"what? I know. I heard about it at school."

What Shirone knew was this. At the meeting of nobles in the Kingdom of Iron, Valtes, a noble of the Senate, announced that he would give his prized vase to anyone who proves that he is more courageous than himself.

Then House Noble Moose challenged. The method he practiced was to throw the vase he had hung as a reward against the wall.

On the surface, it looked like an affair between drunken aristocrats, but a closer look revealed the political conflict that had been festering for a long time.

"Iron's aristocratic system is bicameral. The Senate conveys the king's will and the House represents the common people. Thanks to that, Iron has become a rich country, but the conflict between nobles is at a serious level."

Involving commoners in politics weakens the authority of the nobility. However, as the number of commoners with subjectivity increased, the nation's wealth was bound to grow.

"The power of the Senate comes from power, and the power of the House comes from taxes. After all, the fight between the two factions was already predicted. When Moose, a nobleman of the House, was arrogant, Balthes' stomach boiled. At that time, it was passed over, but the sediment would still remain."

"But what does that have to do with the parrot thieves, or the parrot mercenaries?"

"Three months after the vase incident, a civil war broke out in Moose's estate. An unknown army invaded. From here on, I heard it through intelligence, but the person who caused the civil war was Balthes. He hired mercenaries, not private soldiers, to hit the moose."

"Then, no way, the mercenary that belonged there... ... ?"

"right. They are the parrot mercenaries. Of course, numerous mercenaries participated in the war, but the parrot mercenaries broke through Moose's defensive wall with overwhelming force. However, just as we were about to break through the resistance, Baltes's privates suddenly came from the rear and rather surprised the mercenaries."

Shirone could guess the situation at the time.

Hire mercenaries to attack the enemy, then use private soldiers to attack the mercenaries. In that way, victory and innocence could be obtained at the same time.

"Baltes had no intention of punishing Moose from the beginning. Because the power of the House of Representatives, which is supported by the common people, is stronger than expected. I just wanted to give it a hard time. After all, the mercenaries were discarded from the beginning. Let them raid the territory and punish them again, a perfect strategy."

"But if it ends like that, the House nobles won't be quiet either?"

"Of course, but it can't be revealed on the surface. After all, the Senate are nobles who are protected by the king. Perhaps there was an agreement. The reason Moose doesn't bring up the story even now, seven years later, is probably because he was compensated to some extent by Baltes."

After hearing that, Lian furrowed her brow in displeasure.

"Are only the mercenaries abandoned after all? I can't understand the thoughts of politicians at all. It's against chivalry."

"It is natural to think so. But I've come across many more spies in my family than this. The world doesn't just go the way we think."

Everyone was silent at Tess' words. They must one day advance to a place where the great power of the world operates. The Hwabyung Incident was not his business, but it was not someone else's business either.

"Whatever it was, it was abandoned. The mercenaries who attacked Moose's territory were all executed under the pretext of treason, and the parrot mercenary group was naturally disbanded."

said Amy.

"But they survived in the end. That's why he must have defected to the kingdom of Tormia."

"right. The mercenaries have been disbanded, but a few skilled personnel have escaped the battlefield. It's an inference from here on out, but wouldn't it be difficult for them to maintain the mercenary corps after being accused of traitors? That's why they fell into bandits and eventually flowed into the island when they were accused of being criminals."

Tess' reasoning was reasonable, but Shirone was somewhat uneasy.

Above all, they needed their own capital, power, and a very outstanding leader to be able to maintain the name parrots fleeing for treason.

"Couldn't it just be the same name? In fact, there are many guilds in the world, and the name parrot is not unfamiliar."

Tess hesitated to answer. The situation she feared came to pass.

"Shirone, isn't there the woman you talked about last time?"

"yes? Sister Marsha?"

After rescuing Amy from the palace, while having a late-night snack, Shirone briefly talked about Marsha.

Of course, it wasn't a detailed anecdote.

More than anything else, I thought I would take the story of how I almost suffered from my adoptive father to the grave.

"When I heard Jiss, I thought it was speculation. But there's a reason it can't. I remembered the name of the leader who led the parrot mercenary at the time."

"The captain's name? Aren't you Freeman?"

"Clay Marsha. That's the leader's name."

When Tess finally confessed, Shirone's expression went blank. Marsha, who was as friendly as her older sister, and Marsha, the leader of the mercenary corps, were not properly combined in her head.

"At first I thought they were the same person. But he was just in case because of the story that he was raised by a mercenary. Then, after listening to Jiss, I was convinced. Those who rule this island are the remnants of the A-class mercenary group that was betrayed in the Iron Kingdom 7 years ago."

"It can't be. How does Marsha noona... ... ? I explained it then. I'm not one to do bad things like this."

"Really?"

Tess glared at Shirone with intense eyes. Her usual her was different from her. He was the eye of a spy who could see through people's minds.

"You really think so? Marsha you think."

Shirone bit his lip. I knew the truth. No matter how much he tried to trust her, his insight already doubted everything.

"Sorry. You're right. For sure... ... I think so."

If you look at it one by one, everything fits together. I could understand her reaction when she talked about the collusion between nobles and criminals.

=======================================
[146] The name parrot (4)





Tess was rather uneasy about Shirone's rapid change of position. It was enough to know how rationally he looked at the world just from what he had experienced.

Shirone was not a person who adjusted the situation according to his mood. But it wasn't even cold-blooded.

He only knew how to control his emotions, but there must have been numerous conflicts in his mind.

Tess saw that Shirone's current condition could adversely affect the battle.

"Shirone, you don't have to worry. We're not going to fight, we're going to rescue Jis' sister. If you check what kind of person Marsha is, she is enough."

Shirone smiled. I knew what Tess was worried about, but that made me more determined.

If the girl he had seen with his own eyes was truly evil, he would forget his feelings and defeat him with all his might.

"Do not worry about it. You don't make mistakes."

Shirone kicked the horse's side and quickly cut through the night air.

Force Breakthrough (1)





There is no road from the west to the northern hideout. This is because there is an indigenous autonomous zone in the center.

Those who kidnapped Yuna took a long detour around Mt. Toa and headed for their hideout. When we arrived at our destination, it was already dawn.

In a shabby building like a warehouse, Falcoa was sitting on a chair. The shells of chewed loops were strewn beneath his feet as he sat there blankly with half-closed pupils.

The men who opened the warehouse door bowed to Falcoa and threw the bag containing Yuna to the floor.

There was a clicking sound, but no screams came out. However, a severe tremor could be felt inside the turret.

Just the width of the seizure-like vibrations showed how terrified she was.

As Falcoa chinned, his subordinate drew a knife and tore through the sack. As if opening a cocoon, Yuna appeared, soaked in tears and sweat.

Yuna, who looked around in fear, saw despair in her eyes. I don't know where she is, but time is telling that she's been running all night.

In front of my eyes, a man who seemed to be abnormal was looking down at me with closed pupils, and at the entrance, scary-looking men blocked the escape.

"Sah, save me."

"You guys go out."

The subordinates, who knew from experience what would happen if they disobeyed their captain, opened the door and disappeared as soon as Falcoa instructed them.

Left alone with Yuna, Falcoa came closer, wriggling around the loop.

"It's much better than I expected. Do you know why you are here?"

"Mo, I don't know. Please send me home."

"Sorry, but no. I intend to make you the most miserable human being in the world. Because your brother sold you."

Yuna froze as if in shock. But in her heart she still believed in Jess. What brother in the world would have sold her little sister to someone like this?

"It can't be! Oppa is the person I care about the most!"

"Is that so? But why are you here now? I gave Jis something amazing and received you."

Falcoa didn't think his words were false. After all, since he saved his life, wouldn't he have handed over billions of dollars?

In addition, it was no exaggeration to say that he was Jess's benefactor, as he guaranteed time to miss Amy as a bonus.

"It can't be! There is no way my brother would have sold me!"

Yuna shouted as she grabbed her chest to overcome her fear. It was a bigger shock that her brother had sold him than the fact that she had been dragged somewhere.

"Send it to my brother! I will meet you and ask you in person!"

"Hey, little girl. I can't seem to understand the situation now. you can't go home can't go back forever There are two options. Either die to me or kill yourself."

"no! It can't be! Kyaaak!"

Falcoa came by surprise and grabbed Yuna's wrist. Pulled by her irresistible brute force, Yuna was forced to her feet and into the arms of her falcoa.

"Go away, you bastard!"

For a moment, Falcoa, who savored the delicate girl's resistance, bent Yuna's arm and turned her back. Then she threatened, clutching both of her cheeks in her hands.

"Don't strain yourself too much in the beginning. There will be more and more things to scream about in the future."

At that moment, the door to the warehouse opened and someone came in. A cold voice echoed in the warehouse.

"Falcoa. Human trafficking is against the rules."

"Freeman."

Falcoa frowned in displeasure. Agado Freeman, the only man in the Parrot Mercenary Corps with a higher rank than himself, was watching the situation in the warehouse with sunken eyes.

Standing over 190 cm tall and wearing a long white coat, his impression was pallor itself. His eyebrows had been shaved off, and none remained, and his lips were pale like those of a sick man.

As the deputy leader of the Parrot Thieves, the predecessor of the Freeman organization, he is a schema master and uses magic bullets. However, it was the orthodoxy within the organization that his simple physical ability alone overpowered Lucas.

"What happened all of a sudden? So far, I haven't seen any nosebleeds. Did you run out of money?"

said Falcoa in displeasure. From the days of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, Freeman was the undisputed second-in-command, but Falcoa was the only one who was given a free role within the organization.

The conflict between the vice-captain and the action leader intensified after entering the island. It was because of Freeman's greed to keep the rules of the old mercenaries even though he fell into a band of bandits.

A huge amount of money is needed to feed dozens of his men accused of being traitors. But Freeman couldn't come up with a solution for that.

The person who led such an organization for five years was Falcoa. He drove out the island's chieftains by force and maintained the organization with the funds he left behind by distributing loops.

It was for this reason that Freeman let Falcoa know about his misdeeds.

But this time it was severe. If you're wearing a parrot's name, there's a line you shouldn't cross.

Although Freeman was only a pantsuit commander, he adhered to the policy of strictly punishing human trafficking and looting through violence.

"You must know the rules of the organization? Human trafficking is an action that lowers the status of the mercenary parrots."

"The parrot mercenary? Since when did we live only looking at the glories of the past? look at this now Do you think the organization would have survived if it wasn't for the money I was making?"

"You're crazy, Falcoa. I will praise you for your hard work for the organization, regardless of the method. But make sure you know I am the one who leads the organization."

"It doesn't matter. i don't approve of you Wasn't that what you meant to be from the beginning? If you come here and try to act like a boss, you can't do it."

A chilly feeling of death rose from Freeman, who watched Falcoa's confident behavior. If it was a weak creature, it was such an intense energy that it would kill just being exposed.

However, Falcoa absorbed the turbid energy as if stabbing a knife into his body. It was painful, but he accepted it without a change in his expression.

"Cheuk, oh, it's scary."

Freeman was embarrassed. To such a warlike man, pain and anger were merely accelerators that aggravated the situation.

'Has it become a wild dog to this extent?'

Even if it wasn't for Loop, Falcoa was a character driven only by desire from the beginning. However, because his desire was focused on combat and murder, he was compatible with the mercenaries.

However, now that he was working as a bar owner on the island, he was in a state of frustration. Even chewing loops and getting drunk with alcohol and women was too much to soothe the instinct of madness.

"Sah, save me, please."

As Yuna trembled and ejaculated, Freeman, who had been looking at her, turned his gaze back to Falcoa and said,

"Do I really have to go this far? Have you abandoned your parrot's pride?"

"Pride? Hey, can I tell you one? The parrot mercenary is over. The leader has left and his subordinates are also at their limit. You too should give up and come over here."

Falcoa buried her face in the nape of Yuna's neck as if showing off. Still, Freeman did not move. It was because now Falcoa was showing signs of dying.

The moment you move, the battle will begin. When that happens, one of the two pillars that have been supporting the parrot will collapse in one way or another.

If it sticks properly, it is difficult for anyone to guess the outcome. But Falcoa was confident because he knew Freeman couldn't control him.

"Why don't you stop and watch? I'll tell my subordinate, get some money. You'd better stop admitting it and learn to enjoy it."

"Oi, you're very fat, you're fat."

As the door opened, a woman's voice was heard. Falcoa hurriedly turned her head at the voice that pierced her mind. But before she could catch anything of her in his gaze, she was punched in the jaw and turned her face.

"Keugh!"

Then, a powerful kick hit Falcoa's abdomen. As Falcoa stamped her ass on the floor, Yuna collapsed as well, her legs giving out.

"Damn it. There is no such thing as bad luck."

Falcoa spat and stood up slowly. The reason he couldn't dodge the two attacks with his animalistic reflexes was because he subconsciously suppressed the counterattack.

Clay Marsha. Standing there was the leader of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, which once reigned over hundreds of mercenaries.

"Are you the real leader?"

"Then is there a fake leader? The mutt bastard let go for a few years, and the taste has gone."

Falcoa was not angry. No, he wasn't angry, he wasn't even hostile.

To a member of the mercenary corps, Marsha was such an existence.

As the first leader of the parrot mercenary, it took more than force to raise the mercenary to an A-rank within a few years.

And Marsha did it with great skill. In addition, she was the only person in the organization who was listed as a class A criminal, and her skills were also formidable.

However, Falcoa did not follow Marsha for such trivial reasons.

He was defining a woman named Marsha in this way.

fallen mother.

Marsha was kind and affectionate, but it was no exaggeration to say that there were very few normal people among the people she embraced.

Those who have been abandoned by their families, those who were born with no choice but to lust for blood, and those who are left out of society who have no way to reveal their existence except on the battlefield.

Falcoa was one of them.

When no one cured his mental illness and tried to push him out of society, Marsha was the only one who hugged him.

In the parrot thieves, Marsha was the older sister and mother, and the best leader they could trust and rely on in any situation.

However, it was true that even such a leader would have an outburst of anger. I haven't been in touch for several years, and now I'm here and what kind of behavior is this?

"Damn it. Where did you come to be stuck? you're not even the leader Meanwhile we... ... ."

"You said you became a drug addict?"

Falcoa's face hardened. Even the pupils that had been widened became clearer at least for this moment.

I must have heard it countless times in the past five years, but somehow it felt like I was hearing it for the first time.

drug addict. Is it really like that? Has he, who used to be called a demon on the battlefield, now become a drug addict?

Freeman came over and bowed to Marsha.

"It's been a while, Captain. When did you come back?"

"When I heard the news that Lucas had been killed, I left right away. He'll blow up the hideout anyway. I think I'll have to clean this place up sooner or later."

After explaining this to Freeman, Marcia approached Falcoa. As she approached, her pricked Falcoa averted her slinky gaze.

"Falcoa, you should have said that. No human trafficking."

Falcoa's brow wrinkled. Come to think of it, there was nothing to be ashamed of. All the fault lies with Marsha, who abandoned the organization and left.

=======================================
[147] Forced Breakthrough (2)





I know that you are being pursued by the Magic Association. But how can you not give a message? If he hadn't taught his subordinates the taste of money, the organization would have already collapsed.

"Stop talking nonsense! You wouldn't be in a position to tell me what to do? We are neither a parrot mercenary nor a gang of bandits. They're just gangsters stuck on the island!"

"therefore... ... Are you going to act like an idiot until the end?"

"huh! I earned! I earned and maintained the organization! I can't praise you, but you criticize me? Then where have you been and what have you been doing?"

"You don't have to worry about that. If you're not going to follow the rules I've laid down, drop the name Parrot right now."

"Puhahaha! You call that blackmail? OK, I'll throw it away! parrot? We are now the Freeman Organization! I haven't been called a parrot since you ran away like that!"

"great. From this moment on, you are no longer a parrot. I don't know how much I earned, but scrape it all and leave this place."

"Danzaaaang!"

Falcoa let out a roar of rage. Even Marsha couldn't come out like this. Her parrot, but with her own blood. The honor of being the strongest mercenary was not something that could be exchanged for money.

"If you can't give up your parrot, follow me. I am not saying to live a good life. But if you want something, fight for it. Extorting the weak is unacceptable."

Falcoa growled. She seemed to die of bitterness towards Marsha, who took advantage of her even though she knew she could not leave her parrot.

"I always have what I want. Neither do you. One day you will be mine too."

Instead of getting angry, Marsha smiled softly as if comforting an ugly child.

"It's new to hear after a long time. try your best anyway Because I'm the type of person who doesn't block a man coming and doesn't catch a man who leaves."

Falcoa clenched his fists and glared at Marsha. It was as if her eyes were on fire.

In reality, he was using the powerful eye technique. But Marsha's complexion didn't even change. She was a testament to how strong her mentality was.

"Sheesh! It's still unlucky. I'm quitting. I'll go out and have a drink."

"Stay still and stick to the hideout. It's because we're going to gather at the level of the leader and have a meeting. And from this time on, drugs are prohibited. If you get caught doing it, you will really die from me."

Falcoa left the warehouse without even answering. But Marsha knew. He will attend meetings and not even take drugs. The man who will take him to the bloody battlefield has returned.

When the subordinates disappeared, Freeman greeted Marsha again as a friend from his hometown, not as a vice-captain.

"I am glad you came back safely. I was worried because I couldn't contact you."

"I can't contact you because you ran away. do you have no idea Do you think I'll be easily caught? Anyway, what happened to Falcoa? Would you like to use that? Even though he was crazy, he flew around as long as he grabbed the knife."

"I can't blame Falcoa alone. We were the ones who took the battlefield from him."

"Huh, no, it must be me."

"Still, because of him, military funds have been raised up until now. I have prepared it so that you can leave for another country at any time when you return."

Marsha puffed out her cheeks as if she didn't like it. It was because she knew how Falcoa was raising money.

In the end, is human being a being who has no choice but to adapt to reality? The status of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, which ran amok without knowing how scary the world was, was now a thing of the past.

After leaving home at the age of 17, it was a mercenary troupe that he and his friend from hometown, Freeman, had so far.

I fell for the tricks of politicians and lost my lifelong foundation, but I wanted to keep the value of a parrot.

But isn't there anything different from them now? It was a situation where you had to pay attention to those who had it before fighting with faith, regardless of means and methods to earn money.

"Haa, since when did we become like this?"

"It's nothing else, it's a body that has been betrayed by the state. I have no choice but to live."

"Yes, I guess. But, Freeman, I hope you're not broken too, are you?"

Freeman kept his mouth shut. He has no conscience. However, he was saddened by the fact that he was suspected by a friend whom he had admired since childhood.

"I don't care about organization or anything. Even the name parrot has no value. I just want you to be okay."

Goosebumps Marsha trembled. If Freeman's feelings were badged as a parrot, she would know a dog that eats cockroaches. There was nothing particularly touching, but he always appealed in this way, and I was so annoyed to death.

"You want me to be safe? Why?"

"you... ... ."

When Marsha asked again in order to deflect her obvious knowledge, Freeman struggled to find the right words among the many words that popped into his head.

"Because he is our leader."

Marsha snorted. Upon hearing her reply, it seemed that Freeman had nothing to worry about. It's because he always had an annoying personality.

'Anyway, since I'm back, I'll have to reorganize.'

Marsha planned to lead the organization and make a fresh start by exile in a foreign country. In order to do that, it was in order to clean up the dung that his men had piled up.

"Huh! black!"

Marsha turned her head to the sound of sobbing. She couldn't even think of Yuna running away and she was crying sadly.

The horror was averted, but Marsha could understand. She was emotional enough that the fact that she was treated carelessly by a man she didn't even know her name hurt her heart. She was a woman.

"What happened? Where did you get this child from?"

"There is a street tout among the guys that Falcoa has. He said he was his brother."

"Crazy. Are you going to get your hands on her subordinate's sister now?"

"I don't know. The faucet looks like money."

"yes? Is there something I don't know about?"

Freeman told his subordinates what he had heard. From the anecdotes between Jess and Amy to the circumstances surrounding Shirone's invasion of the royal palace and bringing Yuna back.

Marsha, who had been listening with interest, lit up her eyes when Shirone's story came out.

"Oh, now that I see it, I know that too, right?"

"You know? How do you know about this case?"

Marsha smiled and pursed her lips.

"After all, I am a genius. In the end, life is meant to be entangled this way."

"What the hell is going on? tell me."

"No, what... ... It's a minor happening. You don't have to care."

If Marsha didn't tell me, Freeman had no intention of interrogating him either. It wasn't yesterday or today that she went around here and there whenever she was bored. Also, that way was the only way she could survive in this world.

Marsha received numerous proposals from Freeman.

There was nothing particularly painful. The funds earned by Falcoa were enough to make a fresh start in a foreign country, and Freeman's troops were not too weak in combat.

"It's okay. Good work. But why not just sort out the property?"

"Does it take that much money from Falcoa?"

"A little... ... right? It is the time when parrots are making another leap forward, and from the beginning, selling drugs and using the money earned to build an organization."

"It's not like you. After all, money is money. I don't like the way it's earned either. But burying money for just that is what children do."

"I know. Anyway, this agenda will be discussed at a later meeting, but first... ... ."

At that moment, the door burst open and a member entered. Marsha and Freeman watched him with puzzled expressions.

This is a remote area where the government does not reach. Therefore, there was no need to run out of breath.

Marsha said with a smile.

"what's the matter? Got an upset stomach? Is there no bathroom here?"

"uh? Captain? Are you back?"

The member who found Marsha couldn't hide his surprise. However, the situation was urgent, so I posted the report without a chance to be happy.

"Captain! It's a big deal! It's a raid!"

"attack? what kind of attack? Are you from the government?"

"I don't think so. They're young, but they're a group of four. According to reports, it seems to be two wizards and two swordsmen."

Marsha knew who it was even after hearing that far. It was obviously strange to her that they were coming to rescue the brother of a street solicitor who had fought in the port, but she couldn't deny one possibility, Marsha.

"Huh, well, if you're a disgusting kid like that, it might be enough. Isn't there a name named Shirone among the attacking children?"

"sorry. I also have a good name... ... ."

Freeman changed his tone before he knew it and spoke politely.

"Captain, why don't you give the woman away instead? From the point of view of putting the organization in order, making a fuss seems to be a nuisance."

Marsha analyzed the situation, thinking that a man with such a naivety would be rare.

"Hmm, give me the woman. Isn't that a bit ridiculous? I mean kidnapping them and returning them when they come looking for them. Or what, are you saying she might come all the way here?"

"There is no such thing. While the captain was away, we thoroughly fortified this place. The tactical part using magic circles and magic weapons is also perfect. Unless you're a fairly strong person, you'll die before you even reach the first gateway."

"Then it doesn't matter? go kill I will be taking care of this girl. After letting them rest for a few years, they must have lost their senses? Are you completely stupid?"

As soon as Marsha spoke, Freeman immediately prepared to mobilize his men.

It was embarrassing in itself to show a disheveled appearance in front of the leader. It was especially unfair because I thought I had prepared well on my own.

"To a former troop training location. It is a real situation."

"Yes! I will deliver it now!"

Freeman's men moved at once. It took less than 5 minutes to pack the weapons, organize the troops, and head to their respective positions.

Marsha then sat down on the chair with a satisfied smile.

"You worked really hard, though. I thought you were just playing and eating until now."

"Because everyone has been waiting for today. I'm working harder because you came back."

"Hey, how long do I have to feed you and burp you? Now is the time to figure it out. anyways what are you doing Aren't you going to fight?"

"I stay here. It's my job to stay by your side."

Marsha looked up at Freeman with a puzzled look on her face. Of course, as an early member of the mercenary corps, he also served as a bodyguard. But every time that happened, Marsha had to wipe her arm from getting goosebumps.

"I can't look at it because it's really messy. Do you think I'll think you're cool?"

As if he had already made up his mind, Freeman did not think of leaving Marsha's side.

Marsha's face was red with anger. Ever since she was little, she hated this. She didn't know how to express her feelings and she was stubborn, which irritated her more than once.

"Hey! Don't stand there stupidly, get out! Do you think you could be my West?"

Marsha lifted her leg from the chair and kicked Freeman in the butt.

Then, as if by inertia, Freeman took a step and moved his body. And he quietly left the warehouse until the very end.

When everyone left, Marsha stretched out with a light smile as if she had never done that before.

It was true that he was excited about the battle after a long time, but what he was more curious about was Shirone.

Shirone was the kind that Marsha hated the most. There is no one in the world who can truly embrace the pain of others.

His adoptive father also eventually revealed his true nature. Marsha awakened when she realized that the mercy she had given her orphan was in fact the expression of her ugly desire.

=======================================
[148] Forced Breakthrough (3)





"Huh, I still wish I had come this far. Is that right, Yuna? I'm dying to know what that kid will look like when he sees me."

"Help me. Please send me home."

Yuna knelt down and begged Marsha. She could tell from the attitude of her subordinates that she was number one in her organization.

"It's okay, don't be afraid."

"Then will you send me home?"

"of course. It's noisy outside right now, so I'll send it to you when it's all sorted out. So, can I ask you for one favor?"

"Yes? What do you want?"

Marsha approached Yuna and stroked her hair. Then, Yuna's eyes gradually closed and she began to lose focus.

"uh? uh?"

Yuna didn't even realize that her eyes were closed. She heard tinnitus in her eardrum and she unknowingly lost her consciousness.

Accepting Yuna, who was about to fall forward, Marsha looked down at her affectionately, then turned her head and smiled coldly.

"Huh, we're going to start having fun from now on."



* * *



Falcoa's men were wild and violent. As if fear did not exist in the first place, he was swinging his sword while dealing with mediocre attacks with his body.

"Attack with a thunderbolt! charge!"

The main offensive strategy was guerrilla warfare. He was distributing his stamina by alternating air and water in a zigzag order, but it was a terrible level for Shiron and his party, who had never experienced war.

However, the essence of guerrilla warfare was retreat, not surprise. They seemed unwilling to engage in an all-out war.

"Release the thunderstorm! Retreat at once!"

"Where are you going to run away!"

Amy hurriedly fired a series of flame strikes. At that moment, the bodies of the enemies glowed and turned into flashes of light, soaring into the sky. A high-pitched voice that shook the air embroidered the sky.

"Aww, annoying! You missed it again."

As Amy stamped her feet in pity, Lian comforted her by placing her shoulder on her shoulder.

"But the enemy is also an all-out war. Their numbers are increasing, so Yuna should be all right right now. That's good for us."

Shirone looked back at her friends and said.

"Let's start by figuring out the situation. Who is injured?"

Injuries must be checked visually. If it was a town fight, you'd only need a nosebleed to notice, but in a fight for your life, you might not feel pain because so much endorphin is secreted to counter the adrenaline.

The four of them were relieved to realize that there was nothing wrong only after checking each other's physical condition.

However, there was no damage to the enemies as well. Even if he tried his best to drive him away, he was running away like a ghost at the decisive moment.

"I haven't been able to knock down a single person so far. This could adversely affect future battles."

Amy confessed what she had analyzed so far.

"I've been watching, maybe the bracelets they're wearing have a secret. It must be a magical device that activates space movement."

Shirone asked with a skeptical expression.

"Is that possible? It's different from magic bullet. Space movement is magic that moves wizards. Without a spirit zone, you wouldn't be able to set a destination, and it wouldn't be possible to activate it."

Amy was also suspicious about that. However, strictly speaking, it was not completely impossible.

"perhaps... ... There is a possibility that it is linked with the magic circle."

The magic circle is a scheme that imprints a special image in space and emits magic itself. Therefore, by borrowing the power of the magic circle, it was possible for non-magicians to use magic as well.

"Of course, you can't cast space movement with magic weapons. However, if it is linked to the magic circle recorded at a specific location, it is theoretically possible."

Understanding the concept of magic, Shirone nodded. But Tess was on the other side.

"Is this possible in the fallen mercenaries? As far as I know, the magic circle requires a lot of money as well as manpower. Besides, space movement is high-level magic, isn't it?"

"right. It's probably an intermediate level magic circle. Even if you want to draw just one magic circle, you need at least 5 wizards all day. But with them, it's possible. Falcoa has a monopoly on Loop. The mercenaries I met at the ruins were like that too. The loop's margin is huge. After all, they fortified the base by selling drugs. If so, this whole situation can be explained."

"How much money did those bastards get from selling drugs? Isn't it a radius that can't be reached with just one magic circle?"

There was some truth in Tess's words. Based on her question, Shirone reviewed the battles so far.

The first enemy fled from the valley where the first battle was fought. There was also a retreat in the forest, and here we cast space movement again.

"I think if you count the distance we have to travel, there must be at least hundreds of magic circles drawn."

"How many, hundreds?"

Tess's mouth fell open in a daze. An intermediate magic circle that requires 5 wizards to cling to it all day long. If there were hundreds of them, how many gold coins were scattered on this land?

"You couldn't have spent that much money? Just looking at the distance, dozens are enough. If there are really hundreds of magic circles, you can't catch them under any circumstances."

At that moment, Tess realized what she was saying and slammed her palm down.

"ah! I see!"

"right. Do you understand now? As you said, it was made so that they could not be caught under any circumstances. Networked the entire northern forest. Fighting like this will exhaust us first, as we are outnumbered. You won't even get to the top and you'll collapse."

The hostility towards those who strengthened the base by selling drugs intensified. But now was the time to come up with a cool solution rather than emotionally.

"Then what now? How about erasing the magic circle? No matter where you fight, if the enemies run away, it's not something that can be done by rushing into it."

Amy shook her head. Tess' opinion made common sense, but another problem remained.

"It is difficult. A magic circle is a record engraved in space. So, to get rid of it, you don't just erase the picture, you have to devastate the space. Doing hundreds of them that way could take days."

Tess finally understood the situation and bit her lip. When a minority is dealing with a group, it is important to somehow reduce the number. But they were blocking that method in advance.

Shirone unexpectedly raised his hand to Tess' opinion.

"No, it might be worth a try. Let's erase at least one."

"Let's try it? It wouldn't change anything if I erased one of the hundreds."

"Our position is the same, but they may think differently. If you put so much effort into building a network, wouldn't it be a waste to lose even one magic circle? Maybe they'll come in to defend the spot."

"ah-ha, I see! Advanced psychological warfare!"

Tess quickly recognized Shirone's plan. It is often said that war is a power game played with money, but the side with superior funds was not always the winner. This is because human psychology works in a complex way in war.

The more things to protect, the weaker the psychology. For example, even if you raise one elite soldier with a ton of money of 100 gold, if you can't use it, it's a joke.

This kind of situation actually happens in war.

Even though they poured money to start a war, the money was rather wasted, so there were many cases in which the castle was captured by cheap soldiers after failing to send elite soldiers.

Amy analyzed Shirone's strategy. He was saying that if he couldn't chase his enemies, he would rather pull them. It was true that this was the most feasible strategy to come up with in this situation. But that didn't solve the original problem.

"This time, we have to look at efficiency. Actually, I didn't say it because I thought destroying the magic circle wasn't an option, but neutralizing the effect of the magic circle is much more difficult than you guys think."

Lian grabbed the straight sword and drove it into the ground with all his might.

"Wouldn't it be fine if I plowed the ground with my sword? Until the magic circle completely disappears."

"It's not even close to that. The magic circle we see with our eyes is nothing more than a sign that embodies a concept."

Shirone understood what Amy was trying to say and gave a clear definition.

"You mean the concept of a magic circle won't disappear unless the space itself is destroyed enough to be erased?"

"That's right. So, there are two main ways to destroy the magic circle. Either neutralize the concept itself with clear magic, or destroy the magic circle until the concept disintegrates. The former is impossible for us and the latter takes time."

Tess realized why Amy was questioning this method.

"It is like this after all. Are you saying that the labor required to destroy a single magic circle is less efficient than recklessly advancing?"

"right. If you don't destroy it in at least 10 minutes, I think it's better to just go to your destination in this state. Of course, the basic intention itself of using the psychology of the enemy is a good idea."

As soon as all the information necessary for the operation was shared, the number of words decreased. In this case, it was better to follow one opinion. Lian looked back at Shirone and asked her thoughts.

"What do you want to do, Shirone?"

Shirone was also bound to be in conflict. As long as the hostage is being held, it is good to go as soon as possible, but if you are too greedy, there is room for failure in the rescue mission itself.

"Let's destroy the magic circle. I'll try."

When Shirone, who had finally made up her mind, spoke out her thoughts, Amy looked back at him in surprise.

Shirone, whose strong point is insight, is not a person who is bound by odds, but he doesn't disregard odds at all. She had a less than 10 percent chance of destroying her magic circle within 10 minutes, she thought.

"Are you really okay? Isn't there any magic that can be done in time?"

Of all the magic Shirone could use, the most powerful was definitely the Photon Cannon. However, it was difficult to bear the weight of the earth to the extent of putting mass in light.

Of course, if it was fired at high speed, it would be possible to destroy one of them in 10 minutes. However, it was clear that the exhausted mental strength would make future battles unfavorable.

Another possibility would be lasers, but Amy was skeptical about that too.

Magic that causes molecular vibration by concentrating energy locally has the advantage of destroying matter regardless of durability, but the range itself is bound to be limited.

"I'll try. I have an idea."

Amy couldn't imagine how she would destroy the magic circle, but it was better to follow Shirone's words for now. This is because Shirone's insights, which intuitively calculate various variables, are rarely wrong.

If I wanted to draw a more accurate conclusion, there would be someone like Iruki, but since he wasn't here anyway, if Shirone's predictions went wrong, it had to be regarded as force majeure.

Concluding her thoughts like that, Amy nodded and said.

"great. Then me and Tess move in a group, and Shirone and Lian move in a group. 50 meters apart from each other. Let's search the surroundings with teleportation. I'm looking for a magic circle."

"okay. But be careful. If you only care about spacing, you can run into other cover. Teleporting in the forest is dangerous."

Even Shirone, a teleportation specialist, needed a high level of concentration to cross the forest. However, Amy said bluntly, as if she was offended by Shirone's old age.

"Who are you worried about now? Surely you don't think of me as the supernatural or something?"

It was meant to reduce Shirone's worries, but it wasn't exactly wrong. She was also Amy. She was also a senior who had mastered the bridge that could not be crossed, and she even had a red face, so it had to be seen that accidental collisions were rare.

=======================================
[149] Forced Breakthrough (4)





When the operation was about to begin in earnest, Tess, who had been lost in thought for a while, suddenly spoke up.

"wait for a sec. There is one thing to check before we depart."

"yes? Are you sure?"

"Perhaps, if this operation succeeds, there is a high possibility of an all-out war with the enemy. So there is something I want to confirm with Lian."

"What? Is there something wrong with me?"

Lian made a puzzled expression. Then Tess asked, looking back at him with a serious look like never before.

"Lian, have you ever killed a person?"

The son-in-law became as quiet as a mouse. Lian was only blinking her eyes as she wore the sword.

To be honest, I had never thought of it like that. No, do I really have to think about it?

Every knight has a vague promise. A sword is a tool for cutting people. I thought that if I was prepared to wield such a tool for the rest of my life, there was no need to worry about other secondary problems.

"No, I don't have one. you?"

"A few times. When I went to subdue bandits with my father."

"yes? But what's wrong with that?"

"Lian, the determination to die and the determination to kill are completely different. The same goes for wizards, but especially we have to cut people with our own hands."

The enemies Shirone and the others were dealing with weren't the local gangsters. A parrot mercenary group that made a name for itself in other countries. All of them were professionals who had experienced countless wars.

"Of course I believe in your courage. It doesn't make sense that a swordsman never gets blood on his sword for the rest of his life. But if today is your first time, you might be shaken during the battle."

Lian sighed and thought.

shaking during battle Of course, cutting people doesn't feel particularly good. But at the same time, I thought it didn't matter.

"Tess, murder is a dangerous and complicated matter. So I understand your concern. But I will never waver."

"You fool, you're saying it's not that easy. Killing people... ... !"

"It always kills."

Tess' eyes twinkled. Lian continued her words as she looked at her own reflection in her direct view.

"And... ... I have seen death countless times."

At that moment, Lian looked back at Tess with intense eyes.

"Even when they told me to give up the sword because I had no talent, even when I really wanted to give up, I swung the sword. In the process, I killed countless enemies and was killed by countless enemies."

Lian's straight sword extended toward the north. If Lian were a statue, he would have fallen forward under the weight of his sword, but he did not budge, as if rooted to his legs.

"Tess, okay? I've never held a sword with clumsy determination in my entire life. Regardless of whether there was an enemy in front of me or not, I always swung my sword desperately."

Everyone could read the determination in Lian's words. Lian smiled as if she had never done that before and stuck her straight sword behind her back.

"Never waver. I am Shirone's sword. She only cuts down to achieve what Shirone wants. So no need to worry."

That was the reason why Tess chose Lian over many people with sword skills.

Lian is insensitive. That's why he can't even open the schema. However, the human determination that comes from the weight of life itself was not something that could be achieved with talent or skill.

Tess, who had been looking at Lian for a while, looked back at everyone with a satisfied smile.

"great! Now my worries are gone Then let's begin."

Tess' words set Shirone and Amy on fire as well. Lian's words aroused a fighting spirit.

"Then Amy, we'll go first."

Shirone grabbed Lian and cast photonization magic. In a flash of light, the two disappeared into the woods, followed immediately by Amy and Tess.

The sight of two flashes passing through the dense forest was the height of splendor. As if reflected in a mirror, it went through the forest with irregular movements, going back and forth between acute and obtuse angles.

I didn't know the location of the magic circle, but when I calculated the enemy's movement, I got an approximate distance.

After wandering around the forest for about 10 minutes, I found the location of the first magic circle.

The magic circle is also a magical body, so if you come within the radius of the spirit zone, you can clearly feel its presence.

Of course, if the Stealth enchantment is enchanted, the difficulty of the search will be extremely high. However, no matter how much money the mercenaries had, it was impossible to maintain them there.

Even if all the wizards mobilized for the intermediate magic circle were combined, it was less than 1/10 of the cost of hiring a stealth wizard, so in the end, it was impossible to do business with a belly button bigger than the stomach.

As Lian cut a path straight through the dense undergrowth, he saw a magic circle drawn on the grassy clearing.

Seeing the magic circle for the first time in real life, Shirone was surprised at how much bigger it was than she had imagined in her head.

Amy looked around and nodded.

"As expected, it is an intermediate level magic circle. I must have had a really hard time making it."

A magic circle with a radius of more than 5 meters was emitting red light as if reacting to the Spirit Zone.

The circles of various sizes spread like ripples inside were engraved with beautiful schematics that could be considered works of art.

"wait. I'll take a look."

Having gained some knowledge in her senior year, Amy looked closely at the magic circle.

The evaluation items of the magic circle could be divided into three major categories.

The first is the color that represents the strength of mana. The second was the degree of integration of functions, and the third was the connectivity of the magic circles drawn inside.

From Amy's point of view, the color and density of the magic circles here are a bit low, but the connectivity itself is excellent. In other words, it was highly likely that he borrowed the power of an authorized organization.

"Whoa, this is a headache. It looks like it was engraved by an officially registered magic company. Since it was illegally earned money, I thought he must have recruited a wizard from the shadows."

"Is that an important issue?

"The characteristic of a formal company is that it has good connectivity because it is designed according to the standard. In other words, the durability of the magic circle is high. Can you really do it in 10 minutes?"

"I guess I should try. The truth is, I don't know if I'll be able to succeed."

"What? What if I come and say something like that? It was a plan that I executed because you had an idea."

"sorry. But I have some certainty. And if successful... ... ."

"What if I succeed?"

Shirone raised her head for a moment and calculated in her head before revealing a rough figure.

"Maybe we can destroy it in one minute instead of ten."

"what? 1 minute?"

Amy's eyes widened. She was none other than an intermediate level magic circle. It was next to impossible for her to neutralize her magic circle in one minute unless she was a professional dismantling squad.

The strength of the magic circle that is mobilized and engraved by an official company is durability. Therefore, there was a possibility that the concept would not disappear even if the ground was pulverized to the size of pebbles by casting powerful physical magic.

When Amy thought, she had to plow the ground at least to the size of a pea, but she knew that there was no magic that could exert that much power on Shirone.

"What are you planning to do? Are you sure you know Breaking it in moderation doesn't work. No, if that happens, the magic circle will disintegrate and it could be even more difficult."

"I see. I'll try it."

Amy became increasingly anxious. When she heard the answer, it was clear that she hadn't even thought of it that far.

Can you do it? If I failed here, I would have wasted my time unnecessarily.

Shirone took her place in the center of the magic circle. Considering her power, she tilted her head at the unexpected appearance of Amy, who knew how to launch a vertical attack from the sky.

"What are you going to do there? You mean you can create an impact in place?"

"yes. But since it's the first time, it can be dangerous. Stay out of range."

Following Shirone's words, the three of them stepped back.

I was anxious, but the anticipation was just as good. This is because, if successful, the unfavorable situation can be reversed in an instant.

As the magic circle was destroyed, the enemy's activity radius would gradually narrow.

If so, it was possible to end the battle quickly because the side possessing two wizards was far ahead in terms of firepower.

Shirone closed his eyes and took a deep breath. With his legs apart, he slowly bent his back and pressed his fist into the ground.

There were no immediately noticeable changes. It was such a peaceful atmosphere that I wondered if it was okay to be so languid on a fierce battlefield.

But Amy was different.

At first, she watched Shirone with skepticism, but her eyes were filled with shock and her shoulders trembled.

"Shirone you... ... ."

Tess looked back at Amy strangely. She obviously couldn't see anything in her own eyes, but her Amy's face was pale as if she had seen a monster.

"Amy, why is that? What is Shirone doing now?"

"I don't think you could use that... ... . No, come to think of it, there was such a thing."

"What the hell is it? I'm curious, so please explain."

"I'd rather get away from you for now. Because that could be really dangerous."

As Amy stepped back, Lian and Tess followed her from place to place.

Even in the midst of that, the prosecutors felt puzzled. Because Amy's retreat was twice as far as hers a moment ago.

"Now explain. What the hell are you seeing?"

"It's not what you see, it's what you feel. The changes that happen to Shirone."

"Feel it? What do you feel?"

"Spirit Zone. Shirone's Spirit Zone is moving at an incredible speed right now."

Amy couldn't believe what she was saying. How strong must the durability be so that the Spirit Zone can repeat expansion and contraction so quickly?

'It's definitely a mental beat. But it's too fast. At this level, no matter how bad it is, it's at the level of Teacher Etella.'

Currently, Amy feels that Shirone's heartbeat is exceeding 10 times per second.

But Shirone couldn't be satisfied with even this.

The score obtained in the mental pulse test of Class Five is 410 points. I once ran 30 seconds at 13.6 times per second.

Then I figured it should be at least twice as fast as this. because the radius is different.

At that time, if the maximum expansion radius was 20 meters in diameter, now the diameter of the magic circle was 5 meters. The shorter the round-trip distance, the faster the heart rate was normal.

The question was whether the mental strength could withstand it.

'I have no choice but to do it. Let's make more precise adjustments.'

As Shirone frowned slightly between her brows, Amy, who immediately sensed the change, spoke in a trembling voice.

"Oh my gosh. It's getting faster and faster."

As the radius narrowed, the number of mental beats began to exceed 15 per second.

Knowing that counting from 1 to 15 in one second was impossible, you could guess how fast it was.

A normal wizard would have collapsed before he even reached this point.

However, Shirone's durability using diamond steel was currently unmatched.

Finally, the maximum expansion radius of the Spirit Zone coincided with the border of the magic circle. The remaining process was to cast magic while maintaining the current rhythm.

A high level of concentration was required to endure the double whammy of mind beating and magic casting. Shirone gritted his teeth and tried the magic of conversion that he had only conceived in his head.

'Broad!'

When the pulsating spirit zone was filled with mass-bearing photons, a surprising phenomenon occurred.

As the color of light was applied to the Spirit Zone, I was able to see with my own eyes how the spirits of Lian and Tess also moved.

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!

As the sphere of light repeatedly expanded and contracted, the ground gradually cracked. Eventually, it splintered into a huge boulder and then shattered into thousands of chunks again.

=======================================
[150] Forced Breakthrough (5)





Shirone's berserk did not stop there. Photons of physical force continued to pound thousands of stone blocks, crushing them until they became cobblestones the size of millet.

"Great!"

Shirone was gradually sinking into the ground along the point where the ground collapsed.

Compared to the time of the test, the diameter of the zone was shortened by 4 times, and the speed soared remarkably. Even Shirone, who was indestructible to diamonds, felt a sense of crisis.

After 20 seconds, the casting of the berserk stopped. When Shirone searched through the spirit zone, she could no longer feel the magical power of the magic circle.

"Whoa, Amy, is this enough?"

No one answered. All three people watching Shirone were mesmerized with the same expression.

Amy burst out laughing as if it was ridiculous.

"haha. Please use common sense magic, Shirone."

"what? I've been thinking about it pretty hard. Anyway, the magic circle was destroyed, right?"

"yes? uh. Perhaps."

Amy went into the Spirit Zone to check her surroundings, but there was no need to do that.

The area around the magic circle was devastated even if you could only see it with your own eyes, not synesthesia.

Amy approached where Shirone was standing. After examining the hemisphere-shaped terrain, she realized what characteristics Shirone's new magic had.

'It's the amplification of photons using mental pulses. It must have been a magic that he came up with during training. Anyway, isn't this really ridiculous destructive power?'

Although it has the disadvantage of a narrow range, it was not included in the axis of the disadvantage in front of the destructive power that pulverizes the ground into powder.

It was a magic that perfectly matched the three beats of the mind that unfolded at the level of Geumgang Bulgogi, God's particles using immortal functions, and flash magic Shining.

"By the way, what the hell did you think of this?"

"yes? No, actually, I didn't know how to use it in a situation like this. My organs are all-around defense type. So I thought I should learn a defense magic. Then, I came up with a mental pulse, and I grafted God Particles on it."

"Oh, so? So this is defensive magic, right?"

"Uh, defense magic."

Amy tried to give Shirone a blow, but held back. It was no exaggeration to say that it was the most destructive of her defense magics she knew.

In a word, it is a magic that causes a counter-elasticity by bouncing off the light curtain containing mass at a tremendous speed.

The power of a single shot would be inferior to that of the Photon Cannon, but if it was pulverized at a speed of 20 times per second, there would be nothing left around.

Anyway, strictly speaking, defense magic is correct.

Multi-attack magic is classified as shotgun, but since the width far exceeds the number and exerts the same effect as a veil, it was highly likely to be listed as a defensive magic in the association.

"Shirone, are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?"

Tess ran over and asked anxiously. Her berserk was the most nefarious and ruthless magic she had ever seen.

Since it was Shirone who was caught in the middle, he thought it was a miracle that he was standing still.

"I'm okay. It's not as dangerous magic as you think."

"Isn't that dangerous magic? I thought you would break too."

"haha! It's really okay. Magic that hurts wizards cannot be called defensive magic."

As Shirone said, the width of the sword was created to protect the magician, so the destructive power was only an additional factor.

If normal defense magic generates durability with the thickness of the barrier, the light width uniquely creates counter-elasticity with the momentum that travels back and forth between the minimum and maximum radius.

Therefore, if you set the minimum radius only outside the wizard, you will not be swept away in any case, as if standing in the eye of a hurricane.

"Anyway, let's get serious. Now that you know the rhythm, you should be able to cast it faster. There is no problem breaking the magic circle in 30 seconds."

Amy, who came to her senses belatedly, immediately changed her strategy.

"Yes, with this magic, I can break the magic circle as much as I want. Let's destroy the magic circle first while avoiding battle as much as possible. You're provoking the enemy. And when they can't stand it, it's a strategy to counterattack all at once. how?"

There was no room for disagreement.

Shirone and the others formed a group of men and women and cast teleportation. The two flashes flew across the forest in search of a magic circle that would become their second prey.



* * *



"Broad."

An explosion of light occurred around Shirone. As the photon curtain hit the ground, the magic circle was destroyed without leaving a trace.

Shirone and the others were already destroying the 7th magic circle.

In the meantime, the number of enemies decreased by 7 during the battle, but like a veteran, it did not easily come over to Shirone's party's strategy.

Every time the expensive magic circle was destroyed, he kept his stance of maintaining the situation while grinding his teeth.

However, when the number of destroyed magic circles exceeded 15, the position of the enemies finally changed.

If left as it is, there was anxiety that all the magic circles on the mountain would be destroyed.

"Damn it! How long will they be like that?"

"It's kind of dangerous. There is a limit of 3 magic circles that can be used at a certain point. If this is the case, sooner or later the range of activities will be sharply narrowed."

"captain! What should I do? It looks like they're determined to ruin our livelihood."

The captain of the 10th group was equally upset.

The money the Freeman organization poured into fortifying the northern woods amounted to half of their five-year fortune.

If you leave it as it is, even if you win, it's the same as losing.

"Call everyone together. Lock it up and catch it."

A messenger rode in a magic circle and conveyed his intentions to the leaders of each region. As if the other leaders were thinking the same thing, the answer came right away.

Even Shirone and the others could immediately sense that the atmosphere of the battle was changing rapidly. The movements of the enemies, even their eyes, were different from before.

The biggest change was that instead of harassing strategies with guerrilla tactics, the focus was on coalition tactics in which dozens of people were surrounded at the same time.

However, the goal of that gigantic encirclement was not to destroy Shirone and the others, but to lure them somewhere.

Although they had a numerical advantage, they were not foolish enough to wage an all-out war against a party that included two mages.

Tess admired the enemy's tactical transformation. He was certainly not the kind of person who had been in this situation once or twice.

"This is a problem as it is. They're locking us up and dragging us somewhere. There must be a trap waiting to get rid of the wizard."

Shirone didn't care. If the enemy came crashing into it with all their might, it was a fight against time from now on. I had to arrive as soon as possible and rescue Yuna.

"It's fine. Let's break it there. For now, you'd better stock up on your strength."

"But if it's a trap, it's dangerous, right?"

"I'll break through somehow. Leave it to me."

Shirone increased her running speed and took the lead. He could have reversed the scheme enough, but Tess couldn't dare to overtake in front of his power.

"Whiyu. It's a man, Shirone."

To Tess, the current Shirone was obviously unfamiliar. It was only natural that she had always been kind and kind.

During this battle, the person I was most worried about was Shirone. He asked Lian if he could kill people, but in fact, Shirone was also included in the target.

However, once she entered the real battle, Shirone completely changed like a different person.

Fear is nowhere to be found, and even in dealing with enemies, he has a perfect response posture that can not be found flawed.

This was the uniqueness of Shirone that no one else could see.

Violence and brutality in struggle may be virtues, but the way Shirone fights was like watching a mechanical device that only calculates efficiency over and over again.

Lian, guessing Tess's feelings, secretly smiled. It was because he remembered the feelings he had when he first met Shirone.

Even now, thinking about the real sword fight with Shirone at the gymnasium was chilling.

Shirone's insight comprehends even the fear of death. He remembered that even Lian was sweating at the sight of him rushing forward, thinking only of swinging his sword.

"Tess, remember. that's Shirone Once triggered, no one can stop it."

Unlike Lian, Amy was watching Shirone with a bit of concern.

Of course, she is well aware of how great Shirone's insight is. However, it seemed that the factors that moved him now were the powerful variables of Yuna and Marsha.

"Anyway, there must be a trap, isn't it too reckless? You're running straight ahead without time to analyze your strategy."

"Time was delayed while destroying the magic circle. If Shirone does it, I won't stop him."

Lian threw a vote for Shirone and sped it up.

But Tess agreed with Amy. While she was running, she analyzed her surroundings and said with a serious expression.

"Amy, the terrain is a little strange. Men seem to be on fire, so let's strike a balance."

"Yeah, that would be nice. But what do you mean the topography is strange?"

"If it were not for the artificially altered terrain, we would sooner or later enter the valley. It's a good place to set a trap. It could be dangerous."

Nature has its own laws. Humans change the shape of things to suit their taste, but nature never goes against the law.

Looking at the stems of the mountain ranges he had passed so far, the terrain seemed to be getting lower and lower.

Besides, the fact that the humidity is high and there are more bryophytes than shrubs was definitely going into the valley.

'Nevertheless, there is no sound of water. These bastards blocked the valley.'

Block the front and pincer attack from both sides. In war, it was an attack close to the standard.

Tess was conflicted. It was true that time was running out. However, if it continued to play into the hands of the enemy, it could have been annihilated first.

"Amy, I can't. Let's stop Shirone for now."

Amy also nodded without a murmur. As expected by Tess, the path gradually narrowed and the cliff became so high that it was impossible to bypass.

The biggest problem was that the number of enemies who had been building a siege so far was gradually decreasing.

"I will tell you. Shirone! Wait for a moment!"

Amy's voice did not reach. Because before she could even get her word out, Shirone took her Lian and cast her teleportation. She felt that running alone would not satisfy her.

"Why the hell are you doing that?"

Anyway, Amy, who had to chase, hugged Tess' waist and cast teleportation.

However, it was impossible for her to catch up with Shirone.

If it was limited to the magic of teleportation, Amy's skill was on par with Shirone's, but not enough to overtake her.

Shirone, who rushed quickly, knew that Amy was following her from behind.

But even so, the magic did not stop. Flashes of light followed one after another, and Shirone and Lian quickly dug into the entrance of the valley.

After stopping her teleportation there, Shirone ran along the bank of a stream with shallow water.

Lian, who had followed along, asked with a puzzled expression.

"Shirone, why are you in such a hurry? From what I can see, this place is a trap."

"So you came in a hurry. Somehow I have to destroy the trap. It will depend on the type of trap, but if you use a wide range, you will be able to concentrate the enemy's attacks."

"what? But what if it fails?"

"At that time, I would be completely tied up. If we don't succeed here, the difficulty of the operation will increase many times over."

"That's not the problem. I could die. I'd rather do it."

"No, the reason I have to is because I can. If you keep doing that, I have no choice but to leave you alone."

Lian realized the reason for Shirone's hasty distance. If she said she could block the enemy's attack by herself, then there was no way Tess or Amy would give permission for her.

Shirone wants to walk in the direction where the odds are high, even if it means taking risks. The thought that there was not much time left to rescue Yuna safely seemed to work.

=======================================
[151] Forced Breakthrough (6)





"Lian, I'll be back. Explain to Tess and Amy."

"uh? Hey Shirone!"

Before Lian could summon her to stop, Shirone cast teleportation and moved away at great speed.

And after a while, Amy and Tess caught up with Lian.

"Lian! Where did Shirone go?"

"I went ahead first. In a few hours ago."

"What are you thinking? What did you say?"

"They must be planning to consume the traps in advance with a wide range. He said he'd have to go alone, afraid you wouldn't allow it."

"of course! Who would allow such an ignorant way! Besides, the berserker is a kinetic shield, so it could be dangerous if the timing isn't right!"

"yes. I went alone to not listen to that now."

Amy was annoyed. It's not because she acted on her own. It was because it was true that the strategy Shirone chose was the most effective when it comes to effectiveness.

But it was too risky. In a normal situation, even if the odds are low, you will see the odds, but in this case, no matter how high the odds, you had to count the odds.

"If you fail, you die! You fool!"

Amy yelled at Shirone, who was absent, and put her hands on Lian and Tess' waists and said.

"I can't. It's impossible to dry it, so let's help. Everyone is nervous. I will chase after you at full speed."

Amy lowered her upper body and cast teleportation. An intense flash of light shot coolly through her creek.



* * *



The upper part of the valley, the only way to the hideout, was completely blocked by a 20-meter-high fortress wall.

Currently, about 10 of his subordinates were deployed, and Falcoa's subordinates, who were building a siege, began to arrive one after another.

"Enemies are coming! Get ready to activate the trap!"

"A lot faster than expected? Time is running out to get everything up and running."

The chief clicked his tongue. I don't know what kind of guy it was, but it was quite clever. As long as there was no way to bypass the trap, it was a strategy to run to the shortest distance and use a hand.

"doesn't care. It's a trap designed to annihilate hundreds of people in the first place. Even half running would be enough to bury four people."

The captain gave instructions to his subordinates without losing his composure until the end.

However, seeing a boy running alone from a distance of 200 meters, I couldn't control my embarrassment this time.

"what? Why are you alone?"

"Looks like you came running first out of a sense of urgency."

The manager didn't think so. Of course he wasn't out of the question, but the moment he found out that his enemy was alone, the feeling that worked in his mind was unusual.

It was starting to feel like it was a waste to trigger the trap.

"Excellent in psychological warfare. It's a waste to use a wide range trap to catch one at most."

"So what? Shall we go out and fight?"

"What should I do? Trigger the trap quickly. Doesn't your head spin like that? That's what that guy thinks. I admit I gambled with my life, but they saw us as too watery. Even if you catch only one of the two wizards, the charter will decline. This is not the time to cherish and sleep."

"All right. Hey, let's start now! All ready!"

Shirone glared at the top of the castle wall blocking the valley. About 10 enemies pulled out their bows and aimed them into the air.

'An arrow attack?'

Shirone was puzzled. It was close to impossible to catch a person 100 meters away with only 10 archers.

However, the enemies fired arrows without hesitation, and Shirone stopped running and looked up at the sky.

It looked no different from a normal arrow. Only the color of the nib was different.

'It's a magic bullet!'

After casting teleportation, Shirone reflexively backed away. If he hadn't seen the magic bullet in Kergo ruins, he would have been left without a hitch.

"Shirone!"

At that moment, Amy's voice from behind stopped Shirone from retreating.

The fact that it arrived much sooner than expected showed how nervous Amy was.

However, Shirone did not change his mind. In a situation where it was impossible to advance or retreat, the magic bullet crashed to the ground.

A powerful explosion occurred. A roar shook the valley, and gun smoke spread thickly around Shirone.

Shirone realized their strategy. He intended to block the view and then end it with a trap.

"Amy! Do not come!"

Even if Shirone didn't say anything, Amy couldn't bear to go in. This is because in places where the smoke did not spread, the huge vibrations operating above the valley could be seen with the naked eye.

As expected, terrifying engine devices resembling catapults appeared side by side along the cliffs. Although it had wheels, it was still large enough to be moved by a few people.

"Now! Pour it all out!"

Following the command of the leader, Falcoa's men activated the device. A massive boulder was tossed down the valley with the help of a lever.

These rocks were huge enough to fill up the cross section of the V-shaped valley.

Judging by its power, it wasn't a trap made to block the minority. It was literally a secret weapon to annihilate the enemies in the final battleground.

"Shirone!"

Amy cried out sadly, but it was already too late. Huge rocks were crashing into the smoke one by one.

Amy heard the squishy, ??crushing hallucinations created by her imagination. But the next moment, a powerful pangong sound exploded and she lost her hallucinations.

The cannon smoke that was slowly filling the valley was scattered in all directions, revealing the figure of Shirone surrounded by spheres of light.

'Broad!'

A photosphere shone brightly around Shirone. With a maximum diameter of 20 meters, the Spirit Zone was larger than a rock.

When such a huge light ran out of control at an insane speed, those who watched it were blinded.

The light containing the mass tried its best to achieve anti-elasticity. However, the rock also faced a formidable weight.

It seemed as if the rocks shaking violently and descending through the wide width would crush Shirone at any moment.

However, the moment I came down halfway, the rock was split into dozens of pieces. And from there, Shirone's berserk began to overwhelm the rock.

As the number of medium-sized rocks increased exponentially, a series of explosions occurred.

small. smaller.

Shirone fired a rapid-fire cannon of photons until the rocks turned to dust.

In the end, when the object that was a rock reached the vicinity of Shirone, only small grains remained. However, even that was blown outside as it was caught in the cycle of light.

It took only two seconds for the rock to fall to the ground, exactly the same time it took for it to disintegrate into dust.

Thousands of events that occurred in the meantime were compressed into human cognition, creating an optical illusion as if a huge explosion had occurred.

Dust spread in all directions and landed on the floor, creating a fuss.

A dismal wind roared in the valley.

Falcoa's men did not understand what had happened. There was a flash of light, and the rock exploded into dust. That was all they could see with their own eyes.

Shirone stepped on the dust-covered creek and glared at the castle walls. His men who had set his traps in motion could be seen coming back through him.

The captain realized something was wrong. He had been on the battlefield for over 10 years, but he had never even heard of such magic.

"Damn it! What the hell is that kid!"

"captain! What should I do?"

"Prepare the Magic Bullet! Crush it!"

As the subordinates quickly separated the arrowheads and combined the magic bullets, Shirone, who had glared at them fiercely, focused her mental energy in front of her eyes.

A sphere of photons was born with a bang, and then it vibrated strongly, sucking in the surrounding light.

"Chief! look over there! That is dangerous!"

A person who had previously experienced Shirone's skills at the tavern royal palace shouted at the manager.

Indeed, it was not unusual to see a light larger than a person's face being compressed even by the leader.

"Eight! Hurry! You have to grind magic bullets quickly!"

The hands of his subordinates became faster, but magic came first.

A line was drawn between Shirone and the wall, as if a flash of light was suddenly born.

Aaaaaaaaagh!

As the photon cannon slammed into the iron door, an iron voice piercing the eardrums tormented my ears.

The subordinates who were assembling the magic bullet frowned and bowed their backs. It was such a powerful shock that the vibration could be felt even on the top of the castle wall. Even after the magic had disappeared, the iron door was still humming.

"What, what? is it broken? check it!"

The subordinate went down the stairs connected to the ground and inspected the gate. The thick iron plate was bent as a whole, but not destroyed.

The subordinate shouted brightly, as if he felt that even such an achievement was a sign of victory.

"The gates are safe!"

"great! This time it is our turn to attack."

As the Photon Cannon's attack went in vain, Tess looked back at her friends and said,

"You can't break down the castle gates with magic. Lian, let's go up the wall."

In order to claim victory in a siege, you must succeed in one of the two.

The first is to use siege weapons or magic to destroy the gates and then push in troops.

However, if you can't destroy the gate, climbing up the wall and removing the enemies could be one way. And that was the task that prosecutors like Tess and Lian had to do.

"great. We better go up."

Lian tucked the straight sword into his back so he could run comfortably. But as the two leaned down to leave, Amy stopped them.

"Wait, wait."

"There is no time to delay. You have to hit it before the enemies can fix it. Now is your chance."

Tess was right. Amy, a fire-type, was weak against impact, and Shirone's Photon Cannon was also useless against thick iron doors.

But Amy knew that Shirone had one more weapon.

Also, it was the most effective magic in this situation.

"It's fine. Shirone will take care of it."

Tess, who did not understand the situation, looked back at Shirone with a puzzled expression and suddenly opened her eyes wide.

A red light was spreading from Shirone's body.

"What, what? Isn't that dangerous?"

When people see red, they become anxious. Because it reminds me of bleeding.

Even Tess was afraid to see the eerie red light, so the vigilance of the enemies was beyond imagination.

"Captain, what the hell is that?"

Shirone shot a flash of red light forward. A ray of laser reached the iron door fast enough to call it an instant and heated the surface.

"Ahh! what?"

The subordinates, who had already tasted the power of the Photon Cannon, got scared and took a backward step.

However, there was no shock wave or roar as expected.

After examining the gate from under the wall, the captain regained his confidence. The current magic was only shining through the iron gate, but there was no power to be found.

"great! now! Ready for magic bullets!"

Including the men who returned from the trap, the number of people is over 40. With this much number, they could have devastated the area around Shirone with magic bullet bombardments.

When all his subordinates finished aiming, the captain threw his hands down and shouted.

"Shooting dog... ... ! yes?"

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

At that moment, the walls of the castle began to vibrate violently.

Not only the leader, but also the subordinates who were about to let go of the bowstring looked at each other with surprised expressions.

The subordinate, who bent down outside the castle wall to examine the iron gate, spoke in a trembling voice.

"Joe, Captain! that... ... !"

The iron gate shook like crazy. Eventually, the vibration that started at the iron gate spread along the entire wall and shook the foundation of the structure.

Seeing this for the first time in their lives, Falcoa's men couldn't help but be astonished.

The iron in the area hit by the laser boiled and began to bulge out like air bubbles.

Then, the castle wall shook as if it would be uprooted, and finally the iron gate burst out with a blast.

=======================================
[152] Forced Breakthrough (7)





The captain had his eyes popping out. To think that even the most siege weapons could break through the impervious iron gate.

"Damn it! Hit it with direct fire!"

An instruction close to a temporary measure was given. Since the gates had already been breached, if they couldn't block it here, the tide of battle would turn sharply to their side.

The subordinates who knew that fact also aimed at Shirone and pulled the string.

"launch!"

Forty magic bullets that were fired with all their might flew towards Shirone's surroundings.

Seeing the rapidly rushing arrows, Shirone did not move. This is because the radius of instant movement alone cannot escape the explosion range.

However, when it comes to space travel, the story is different.

The moment the forty arrows fell, Shirone's body turned into a flash of light and soared into the sky.

Hey hey hey!

As soon as the noise of space movement spread, a powerful bombardment devastated the place where Shirone had been.

Tess watched the bombing devastatedly. Listening to the sound of thunder echoing through the valley made me feel as if I was standing in the center of a battlefield.

"Shirone... ... ."

The scale of the explosion was enormous and the binge drinking was enough to shake the mind. That's why no one knew that Shirone had cast space movement.

However, Amy was an exception. It is said that archers can hear the clearest sound of arrows firing, and swordsmen can hear the clearest sound of swords clashing.

So even in the roar of the explosion, Amy, the sorceress, could clearly hear the unique sound of space movement.

"Shirone is fine. Let us go in too."

Amy moved forward, cutting through the smoke. As expected, after leaving the bombardment point, I saw Shirone standing in front of the castle gate.

Space movement causes light to bend. Therefore, the appearance of flashes of light shooting up into the sky was an optical illusion.

In reality, Shirone was not soaring into the sky, but a phenomenon in which space was bending.

Moreover, such an illusion can only be observed from a long distance, and it was normal to feel as if it just suddenly disappeared when viewed from a close distance.

This was the reason why wizards discriminated whether or not the space movement had been cast by sound.

"Puhahaha! finished! It's completely over!"

"You didn't even leave a trace! There's nothing to be afraid of now Guys, everyone prepare to charge!"

Falcoa's men put down their bows and gathered their weapons. The wizard who showed off the most threatening power was dead, so he had nothing to fear anymore.

Tess, watching that, tilted her head. Obviously, Shirone was standing in front of the iron gate like a grim reaper, but the enemies were rather cheering.

"What, why are they like that?"

"I didn't hear the noise of teleportation like you. They seem to think Shirone is dead."

It didn't take long for Falcoa's men to correct their mistake.

Everyone was surprised as if they had seen a ghost as Shirone slowly retreated and appeared outside the square of the castle wall.

"Joe, Captain! there... ... !"

The captain's face turned red. Shirone, who must have been dismembered by the bombardment, was looking up at the castle wall proudly.

"You, you bastard!"

Before launching a full-scale siege, Shirone decided to give the enemy one last chance.

"Free Jis's sister. Then we will return from here."

The captain stared blankly at Shirone. You're going to leave this mess and go back? where do you go back Do you know what kind of amusement park admission fee is here?

"Do you think you will return alive? The true value of siege warfare began when the castle gate was breached. Do you know how much the magic circle you broke is worth? It's money you can't repay with your life. I will torment you until you beg me to kill you."

"I don't want to have a fight with no more costume meaning. You were wrong from the start. So, I want you to finish it at this point."

"Puhahaha! what? want to finish? do you know who we are It is a parrot mercenary that lives and dies on the battlefield! Guys, let's go! Slaughter thoroughly!"

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

The soldiers raised their swords and shouted excitedly.

When they couldn't communicate, Shirone sighed and walked to the blind spot of the castle wall.

"Thank you for coming in on your own! Guys, get down right now... ... yes?"

At that moment, the captain stopped talking. In an instant, a scene passed through my mind.

It was a strange magic that shattered the falling rocks from the top of the valley into powder. Can you really say that the walls here are harder than rocks?

"Oh, hey, wait... ... !"

The captain ran to the stairs and inspected the castle gate. As expected, Shirone dug into the hole in the iron door and was lowering his fist.

"Hey, hey, man, are you kidding me? I hope you... ... ."

The captain's voice trembled with fear. It felt like my brain was going blank.

"Hey! don't do it! Do you know how hard this wall was made? hey!"

Shirone finished warming up her magic and glanced back at the captain standing on the landing.

When he met those eyes, the leader finally realized that he had already made a decision.

"Harm! Everyone jump!"

As the leader shouted as he climbed the stairs, Shirone murmured softly.

"Broad."

Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwak!

A 20-meter-diameter beam pulsed at a rate of 15 beats per second. As the walls shook as if an earthquake had occurred, Falcoa's men lost their balance and collapsed.

As expected, the durability was considerable because it was a huge structure. However, Shirone did not stop berserk. After all, there is a limit to the durability of matter. It was a law of physics that if you knocked it until it broke, it would eventually break.

The iron gate made a clattering noise, as if struck with a hammer, and cracks raced in the walls like lightning.

The cracks branched out in succession and penetrated the entire wall until the ground began to shake and show signs of collapse.

The foreman was out of his mind.

He was a veteran and had quite a bit of experience in siege warfare, but even if the castle gates had been destroyed, it was the first time he had ever tried an ignorant strategy to destroy the castle itself.

"Aaaaaa! okay! we lost! stop!"

The captain screamed, but the photon containing the mass pounded the castle as a percussion instrument, so the voice could not spread even one meter.

'Damn it! I can't do this!'

It was really dangerous.

If the castle collapsed at this rate, what would happen to the lives of the 40 people was a matter that could only be left up to God.

"Ugh!"

Shirone wrinkled his nose and focused on the wide range. He was blasting everything around him outward in a uniform rhythm with no acceleration or deceleration.

Tess was watching the scene in a daze from the spot where she could see the castle wall at a glance.

First part of the wall's core was destroyed, then hysterical cracks spread along the wall. The left side seemed to sink slightly, but this time the right side sat down as if balancing.

And finally... ... .

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

The entire castle collapsed.

"Oh my gosh... ... . Isn't that just a human weapon?"

Lian also agreed with Tess' sentiment. Until now, Shirone had a strong tendency to use magic to protect someone.

When he really decided to break something, he realized how different the results could be even with the same magic.

"Surely great. It seems that I didn't know Shirone properly either."

Amy smiled and agreed. It was clear that battles were not the mage's everything, but it was his pride.

"Because Shirone doesn't work too hard. However, if you put your mind to it, your fighting ability itself is also very good. This should be enough for her to rank high in her graduating class."

Tess put out a laugh. She seemed to know what Amy was talking about.

'As expected, I was paying attention without realizing it. After all, the outside and the inside are different.'

Amy was genuinely happy with Shirone's growth. At the same rate as now, maybe graduating with Shirone might not be a dream.

'You followed me, Shirone.'

When the broadside ended, the castle wall had completely collapsed. The wall built on the valley side was at least in shape, but the center collapsed as if a huge rock had rolled away.

"Turn it off... ... ."

The soldiers buried in the stones groaned and wriggled.

Not a single perfect person was seen. The captain who stopped Shirone was also unable to avoid the collapse of the castle wall, and his arm was broken.

But he was so devastated that he couldn't even feel the pain.

For five years, the hardships of building a hideout in the north passed by like a kaleidoscope.

"Nonsense. Destroying only one person? The parrot mercenary?"

The captain turned his head in surprise at the sound of Shirone's approaching footsteps. Facing Shirone's intense gaze, an irrepressible fear soared.

"Bring Jis's sister right now! Otherwise, I won't let you go!"

"Hee!"

The captain hid his face without realizing it. Then his broken arm fell like a pendulum and wobbled before his eyes.

"Turn it off... ... !"

The captain, who discovered his bizarrely bent arm, rolled his eyes and passed out.

Shirone's group.

Pass through the 1st gate.



* * *



"wow. That's great, Shirone."

Marsha was watching the battle of Shirone from 200 meters away from the wall.

The figure of her sitting on the floor with a handkerchief was leisurely like a girl on a picnic.

It's sad what happened to his subordinates. But isn't it a mercenary to live with that sadness as well? She was the one who was tricked by the politicians and lost hundreds of people.

"He was so strong and fooled people. No, was it because you were strong that you were free?"

I knew he was a child with a talent for magic, but I didn't expect him to show such an active performance.

The most impressive part in particular was that all of Shirone's magic was applied in its own battery.

'Unlocker... ... .'

Marsha was in a good mood.

I liked that Shirone was a strong person, and I also liked that he was a pretentious person who tried to cover up the pain of others.

Most exciting of all was the fact that sooner or later such an innocent and beautiful boy would become a mule in his hands.

"You're 10 years away from me, kid."

Marsha stretched out and rose from her seat. Her bracelets glowed intensely, and in an instant she flung her body to the cliffs to the north.

Second Encounter (1)





Shirone and the others continued heading north. No battle took place as most of Falcoa's men were wounded at the first gateway.

"This way."

It was up to Amy to find her way through the woods.

It's easy to lose your sense of direction while running through the maze of nature.

But that common sense didn't work for Amy. Tess, who followed her, realized that Amy had the talent to stand out in her espionage warfare.

'indeed. The red face can also be used in this way.'

Amy's self-image memory perfectly restores the state at a specific point in time. Therefore, as long as she did not lose consciousness, she could pinpoint the exact direction no matter where she was transported.

"Amy, there is a mountain road over there."

Upon hearing Shirone's words, Amy turned and left the forest.

A winding mountain road ran into the top of the plateau.

Tess checked the condition of the ground. It seems that quite a bit of time has passed, but there are traces of the wagon passing by.

"From here on, it's their living quarters. In terms of siege warfare, does it mean that we have entered the castle?"

It was a welcome sound to those who were tired of running through the forest.

However, it was still not a situation to be relieved of. Most of the troops were destroyed, but those who were called executives did not even show off their noses.

"If you follow this road, you will find a hideout. Let's try harder."

Amy said it conclusively, but she wasn't really sure. She spoke only out of a sense of her mission to motivate her friends as her leader.

If you add up the movement of the battle and the distance of the curve recorded in your current self-image memory, you have moved about 12 kilometers from the start of the battle. Converted to a straight line, it would have advanced more than 7 kilometers on the map.

=======================================
[153] Second Encounter (2)





"It's true that you've come close. Just one kilometer ahead... ... ."

Just as Amy was about to explain, a fireball burst out of the woods with a roaring noise.

"It's a surprise! Harm!"

Shirone's party scattered in different directions. The flames stuck to the ground consumed the air and grew in size before dissipating as heat.

"Fireball?"

"Amy! Be careful!"

The 2nd and 3rd attacks flew at the same time.

But Amy didn't avoid it. Rather, she took a fighting stance and glared at the flames, then she pierced her fireballs with an equal number of flame strikes.

"come out! A cowardly surprise attack!"

"Your skills are quite good. It wasn't a fluke that I came this far."

Shirone and the others looked around the mountain path. A man walked out of the forest. He was the same height as Lian, but had a slender body that gave off a sense of agility.

Even though he doesn't have eyebrows, his confidence with his hair swept back all back, and his pale expression resemble a snake.

"Who are you?"

"The vice-captain of the parrot mercenary. Agado Freeman."

At the word vice-captain, a feeling of tension appeared on the faces of Shirone and the others. However, on the contrary, it also meant that the destination was not far away.

"Shirone, I'll take care of this. When I signal, take Lian and Tess to the cliff."

"I can't. It's too dangerous."

"Then what about you? Did you forget you jumped into the trap by yourself? Are you going to keep ignoring me like this?"

"I am not ignoring it. He's not alone. About 20 people are lurking in the forest."

Amy had already been identified as the Spirit Zone. But that's why she wants to send Shirone first.

If you get caught here, it will only be like buying time for reinforcements to come from the 1st gateway.

Amy, trying to convince Shirone, raised her hand and pointed at Freeman.

"Shirone, look at that man's weapon. That's it."

Shirone also turned his head and looked carefully. He was clearly holding a weapon that looked exactly like the one in the book.

Spirit bullets shot with a bow require replacing the head, but the gun was a weapon specially manufactured to use only spirit bullets.

It is a device that loads a small amount of magic bullets and shoots them forward. Looking at the design, it was a revolver that could fire continuously by rotating the cylinder.

"Okay? Do you know what a gun is? It can change ammunition faster than arrows, and it is a direct fire weapon. Unlike arrows that explode after impact, they are specialized for mid- to long-range combat because they are fired while they are already manifested. Probably all the guys hiding in the forest are using that weapon."

Shirone understood Amy's meaning.

"okay. Then I'll leave this to you."

Lian and Tess looked back with puzzled eyes. I heard the explanation of the gun, but the more I thought, the more dangerous it was. But why would Shirone change her mind and leave her Amy alone?

"I'll buy you time so they don't chase you with the fire wall. Break through the gap."

"okay. Lian, Tess, get ready."

If it was Shirone's judgment, Lian only followed. It didn't feel right to leave his colleague alone, but it wasn't a situation to waste time debating, so Tess gulped and prepared to jump out.

"Now! go!"

After concentrating her mind, Amy opened her eyes and shouted. As Shirone ran in her direction, Lian and Tess followed her on the left and right.

As expected, fireworks using guns flew from all directions in the forest.

Amy casts a fire wall in the form of a giant circle.

The ground began to boil like porridge, and the flames that started under my feet galloped with terrifying momentum and penetrated the forest.

Then, as he amplified his mental power, the fire barrier burned wildly, blocking the enemies' view.

At the same time, Shirone grabbed Lian and Tess and deployed space movement. Although the range was shorter than that of high-ranking wizards, it was effective enough for the purpose of disappearing in front of enemies.

Upon hearing the noise of space movement, Amy stopped casting Fire Wall and gasped for breath.

The Fire Wall, which is called a magic-eating insectivore, had to keep pouring mental energy to maintain the barrier.

The reason why it was not overpowered despite its strong power was because the cost consumed during casting was too expensive.

But Freeman was genuinely impressed. The girl standing in front of me was only a teenager.

As far as he knew, very few wizards at that age could cast a fire wall of this magnitude.

"It is extraordinary. Sacrificing for your comrades."

"huh! It sounds like a sacrifice. I sent it because I was enough alone."

"is it? You must be pretty tired. I'm sorry, but this side is also in a hurry, so I can't wait."

When Freeman's words ran out, his subordinates appeared.

The fact that no one could put out the fire burning in the forest was proof that there were no wizards among them. However, they were all schema users, and like Freeman, they had guns.

A combat method that mixes schema and magic. On the battlefield, these people are called gunners.

Although she had never watched Gunner's fight, Amy could have predicted it. This is because she herself can use her ranged magic ability and schema at the same time.

Freeman's men opened the cylinder and filled it with magic bullets. At least six magic bullets seemed to enter the cylinder.

A total of twelve rounds of magic can be equipped on both sides, and the number of enemies is 20. Therefore, the cycle of reloading the enemy's firepower was said to be 240 magic bullets.

"I'm sorry, but your immature adventure ends here."

When Freeman's horse ran out, his men raised their guns.

Certainly, subordinates had different tendencies from those under Falcoa's leadership, probably depending on who they were as captains.

He didn't show any carelessness or curiosity, and was only focused on eliminating the opponent.

Amy burst out laughing. Of course, it must be because Shirone played an active role in this battle, but he did not expect that the evaluation of himself would be so low.

"You're going to shoot me out with only 20 people?"

Amy cast her magic while pulling her legs together as if she were tightening her belly.

A gust of wind blew, and fist-sized stones floated around her, clattering and igniting.

"You picked the wrong opponent this time."

Amy's eyes burned red.



* * *



Tess kept looking back even as she ran. He trusted Shirone's words and followed them, but no matter how much he thought about it, it was a reckless operation.

Even though Gunners were inferior in firepower to wizards, they possessed physical abilities comparable to swordsmen.

The thought of Amy fighting in the midst of such people made her stomach burn.

"Shirone, how about going back now? I'm worried about Amy."

"It will be fine. If you drag out time, you will be at a disadvantage. The troops that survived the 1st gateway might come after them. The priority is to somehow get to the hideout quickly."

"I know that, but what about Amy? Wouldn't it have been better for you to defeat the enemies and come?"

Seeing through Tess' thoughts, Shirone smiled bitterly.

"it's not like that. A mage's skill is not simply evaluated by power. It depends on the situation and it depends on the series. When dealing with Gunners, Amy will be many times stronger than me."

Tess looked incredulous.

Of course, I know that she is in her senior year, but when she arrived here, she saw Shirone's prowess.

Could there really be a situation where you can become several times stronger than Shirone?

"Can you? No matter how talented you are, there is a numerical advantage."

As a swordsman, Tess focused on physical strength.

Of course, the total amount of physical force calculated as numbers in battle was an important issue.

But when it comes to magic, things are a little different.

The number of enemies was not so important to the magician who used numerous phenomena through the combination of omniscience and omnipotence.

Rather, what they focus on is the excellent calculation ability that induces the situation to reveal the best efficiency of the ability they have honed.

"The characteristics of a photon and that of a flame are different. In addition, the organs of the four ways are different. Amy is a mage who specializes in distance. It's because it can maximize Hong's strength. No matter how strong her enemies may be, if Amy takes on them in her realm... ... ."

Shirone said confidently.

"No matter how many numbers you have, you can never beat Amy."

Tess swallowed. Normally, when dealing with Shirone and Amy, it feels like taking care of a stubborn and immature younger brother, but in real life, they are as cold as ice.

"You guys are really great. How can you break it just like that?"

"That is Tess misunderstanding. I think Tess is amazing."

"tooth. what am i In fact, you destroyed the castle, and I didn't even help."

Shirone didn't think so. Anyway, the proficiency of the swordsman and the wizard were bound to be different from the beginning.

In the mental field, there are many people who show achievements beyond their age, but swordsmen who need to be supported by physical growth come to prominence relatively late.

Tess and Lian will become stronger and stronger in the future. And with a single sword loaded with faith, he was going to walk his own path.

"Shirone, we have arrived."

After leaving the forest, the scenery of the blue sea was revealed beyond the cliff of heavenly blessing.

A brick house was visible on the eastern side of the cliff. Perhaps that place was a hideout. But to get there, they had to go through the final gateway.

The leader of the action, Falcoa, was waiting for Shirone and the others.

Tess frowned in puzzlement. She was a normal person, according to her character she judged, she should have immediately put on her sword and rushed to her battlefield.

"what. Is that bastard still here?"

"Cheuk, it's much more fun to smash it in the grass. But there are circumstances here too."

There were instructions from Marsha. It wasn't a ploy to suit his temper, but Falcoa obediently complied. Because it was the words of a person who made himself a hero on the battlefield, who was dismissed as the evil of society.

"Anyway, you've come this far. The captain was right. The woman you are looking for is in the building over there. Either she goes in and takes her out."

Falcoa turned around pretending to open the way. But Shirone and the others couldn't move. A completely different temperament of murder than what was seen in the palace was blocking the way.

Tess understood Amy's feelings. In the end, in order to fight a master of this level, this side had no choice but to take a certain amount of adventure.

"He intends to disturb us. I'll take care of this with Lian. Shirone, you go in and bring Yuna."

Shirone meekly nodded. In response, of course, Tess realized why Amy was smiling. Far from being sad, she felt that her heart was warmed.

'It's not just such a cold world. Is this what it feels like to be trusted?'

With Shirone's skills, it wasn't even a matter of getting out alone. He looked away for a moment, and then, when he cast space movement, his body became a flash of light and disappeared.

But Falcoa didn't even look away.

From that look, Tess realized. He intended to send you to Shirone from the beginning.

"why?"

"Well, there are instructions from the leader, and besides, I much prefer having a woman."

Falcoa drew her sword and pointed it at Tess. It is clear that he is a man of turbid temperament. However, the image of him reeling from the drug was gone.

Keeping her eyes on Falcoa, Tess explained the operation to Lian.

"He is a schema user. You attack while I block him."

One could guess just by looking at the prayer how great Falcoa was. Therefore, having the same schema user, Tess, defend was the way to increase the survival rate.

"That's not allowed. I will stop you, you attack."

"Idiot, how do you stop it? I hate to say this, but it's impossible for you to stop him alone."

"If it's impossible, I'll have no choice but to die."

"what?"

Tess raised her eyes in bewilderment. But Lian was serious. Nor did he give up the fight. He was just fighting his own battle.

"We are here to beat him. I'm not fighting to save my life."

Tess didn't respond.

"If you block it, time will pass. But you know what? so you can't win In the end, both die. So somehow I block it. In the meantime, focus on your attack."

Lian was right. He can blunt his sword and strengthen his shield, but he cannot win the battle.

In the end, even if it meant giving up one's life, the rationale was to sharpen the sword.

=======================================
[154] Second Encounter (3)





" Can you hold out? His schema won't be that of a cadet."

"Even so, you have no choice but to do it, right? I have no choice but to try."

Lian lowered Ogent's symbol, the greatsword, on the ground and slowly moved forward. Conversely, Tess moved to the side as if out of Falcoa's line of sight.

It was a standard display for two-person passing, but Falcoa didn't care.

How much would those who lost their lives to his sword laugh if he, who was called the demon of the battlefield, was swung by these kids?

Lian said, holding out his great sword.

"Come on. Please accept it."

But before he could finish his words, Falcoa was already close by. It was an instant acceleration beyond imagination.

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Lian's nose twitched as he defended against the longsword that was plunging down vertically. He didn't collide with each other, but it was a shock from being hit with a hammer.

"what? Are you giving up already?"

Falcoa frantically slashed the top of his greatsword. Lian's knees bent with each impact drop. Then he finally couldn't stand it and fell on his knees to the ground.

"Keugh!"

The muscles in the arm holding the straight sword twitched. At that moment, Falcoa's kick hit the stomach.

Lian's body rolled away from the floor like a ball.

"Lian!"

Tess let out a pitiful cry. It seemed that the situation was already over. However, contrary to Falcoa's expectations, Lian jumped up and stood up.

As well as brute force beyond common sense, tenacity was also one of Lian's strengths.

"Whoa, I got it roughly. You mean this much?"

Falcoa's eyebrows twitched. However, Lian did not stop there and pointed his greatsword straight at him, provoking his opponent.

"great. It starts now. Give it a try."

"Keuk kuk, I'll kill you."

The corner of Falcoa's mouth was torn from ear to ear.

It was the same as it was at the time when it was called the demon of the battlefield.



* * *



Shirone opened the door to the building and entered. An untidy living room was revealed, unlike a place used by mercenaries, and flower pots were decorated in rows under the sun-drenched windows.

"Where is Jess' sister?"

Shirone went around from room to room. Then, when he opened the door for the third time, he held on to the doorknob and froze.

The room smelled good. A red carpet was laid out, and beds and desks were arranged according to specifications on it.

Shirone looked at the woman sitting on the bed. When she heard Tess' words, she thought it vaguely, but when she actually faced her, her shock was enormous.

"Oh, you're here, Shirone. how have you been doing?"

"Sister Marsha... ... ."

Marsha was clearly the leader of the organization that kidnapped Yuna. But he couldn't think of such a thing, he was smiling with a friendly face.

"Did you get home that day? Have you reconciled with your friend?"

Shirone swallowed the answer that came out of her throat. Marsha must have known she was coming. But even so, she did not hand Yuna over.

"You already know, right? Didn't you hear everything?"

"Oh, what's wrong, Shirone, it's scary. Are you mad at your sister? I'm sorry I lied to you back then."

As Marsha flirted with her, Shirone stepped back, leaving the same distance.

"Whoa, you look really upset. How can I forgive my sister? Should I get down here and pray? I'll do it if you want."

"Give Jess's sister back. That is all I want."

"Aha! Was it like that? oh my gosh tell me You misunderstood that you were trying to fight me. Well, there's no way a good Shirone would do such a thing. I'm so glad."

Shirone was confused. Who the hell is this person? Her actions did not make sense to her, as if she was experiencing a different situation in another world.

"Where is Yuna?"

"It is on the second floor. You can take me if you want."

Shirone turned around. He didn't want to think about Marsha anymore. He just wanted to leave this place as soon as possible.

"Oh right. But shouldn't you bring some clothes to cover you?"

Shirone's steps stopped abruptly. When she looked behind her again, Marsha was smiling with her mischievous eyes.

"Isn't it a bit uncomfortable to see someone you don't know naked? So I'm telling you in advance. Don't be too surprised. I might have gone crazy. My men are so rough."

As Shirone's eyes grew colder, Marsha spoke faster.

"I saw it from the side too, and the screams were no joke. Well, even I couldn't stand it. Thinking about it now, I wonder if it was too harsh. But Shirone, you know what? is everything i did? I think you'll understand though. Because it's a good Shirone. right?"

Shirone just kept his mouth shut. That fact came to Marsha with great happiness.

"How are you, Shirone, how are you feeling?"

"How do you feel? What do you want to hear?"

Shirone no longer felt worthy of respect for Marsha. But it was a really exciting event for Marsha.

"Ho-ho-ho! Do you look really angry? why are you mad at me You said that one day my kleptomaniac would be okay. But have you changed your mind now? What if you had scolded me harshly then? Then I might not have kidnapped Yuna. To be honest, you were very unlucky."

Shirone turned completely towards her. Yuna was no longer a problem. Marsha did something she should never have done.

"yes? would you like to answer? How do you feel? Do you think you're going crazy? Are you miserable because your older sister, who seemed like she would die from love, suddenly did this? Do you feel like there's nothing to trust in the world anymore?"

"The feelings of others like that... ... Is it safe to listen to it with your mouth?"

Marsha's laughter cut off at Shirone's question.

"If you really want it, then you can do it. But why do you care about my feelings? Are you afraid that I will be disappointed?"

"Stop talking nonsense! I am mocking you!"

"yes? Then can you tell me what I think of you now?"

Marsha's face hardened. As if she had been deprived of the choice of language, she was waiting for Shirone's answer.

"I don't hate you. Because in my memory, he is still a good person."

Marsha's expression changed in real time. Her bewilderment gradually changed to disappointment, then she finally to anger.

"Don't talk nonsense. If so, can you forgive me? Can you smile like you did before when I trampled on Jis' sister?"

"no. You did something you shouldn't have done. If you really did that, I will never forgive you."

"haha! Do you really think I'm lying? But what? I mean real. Go upstairs and check it out."

"Even if it's true, I don't hate you. but... ... ."

Shirone looked at her and bit his lip.

"It's just sad that you, who knows the pain better than anyone else, did that."

Sparks flew in Marsha's eyes. Her face twisted fiercely and her clenched teeth were grinding.

If he really trampled on Yuna, he wouldn't have been unfair. She couldn't stand it. She was annoyed at Shirone talking about her as if she knew everything about her.

"you! I feel really bad!"

Shirone hurriedly retreated. Marsha's zone, penetrating through synesthesia, was sharp enough to feel a sting.

star shaped zone.

It was a unique sense of the offensive type among the four methods.

In preparation for Marsha's attack, Shirone faced it in a defensive manner. But Yuna on the second floor got caught.

The urban area was a very difficult environment for wizards. It wasn't simply a matter of reducing the radius of the Spirit Zone.

To express the feeling of a swordsman, it was the same as throwing away the long sword he used as his main weapon and fighting with a dagger.

'What kind of magician would he be... ... .'

While observing Marsha, Shirone applied photonization magic in advance so that she could immediately evade any attack.

However, Marsha's magic exceeded Shirone's expectations. Her tremendous roar pierced her eardrums as she let out her piercing scream as she raised her eyes.

"Keugh!"

Shocked, Shirone stumbled. The throbbing pain came as if her needle had gone through her ear and out of her ear on the other side.

'Sound cannon. You were a sound wizard. This is dangerous.'

Sound magicians are those who study sound. Even if it's not a human voice, it vibrates the air to create various sound waves, and a representative attack magic was the sound cannon cast by Marsha.

The sound pressure of the acoustic cannon exceeds 150 decibels. It was so powerful that, if struck at close range, the eardrum would be torn and the eardrum would go blind.

Because it is a directional magic that amplifies negative wavelengths, it does not spread in a wide radius like a laser, but it is one of the magics that is difficult to respond to because it is invisible.

'It's a disadvantage here.'

Just as the effectiveness of Shirone and Amy is extremely different depending on the situation and environment, to Marsha, who handles sound, fighting in an enclosed space was like a vegetable garden.

Shirone squeezed her head to break the current situation. The method finally chosen was ultra-high-speed teleportation in a confined space.

As she moved around the room, mixing patrols and rainbow drops, a complex pattern of flashes disturbed Marsha.

As soon as Shirone overpowered her rear, she cast a photon cannon. However, Marsha easily dodged the magic rushing from her blind spot by twisting her body.

'how?'

There is no way to notice an attack from a blind spot unless you have eyes on the back.

No, even with eyes, it would be impossible to avoid the photon cannon at this distance.

"Huh, is that a surprised face? Surely that's not all of the bottom line?"

"no way... ... sonar?"

"Hey, you're from a magic school as expected. Are you studying hard?"

Sonar is the ability to read sounds. Originally, its use was maximized only in the water, but wizards were able to use their omnipotence to mediumize their zones.

It is known that Sona's master's search ability exceeds Joner's in terms of density.

Therefore, it was only natural that Shirone could react at the same time as she cast the photon cannon.

"Amplification magic sucks. You're too ugly."

Shirone tilted her head. I don't know if it's a problem that can be overlooked, but if you think about it, it was a strange story. It was because no wizard would disparage the magic he had learned.

"But I like it."

If you have learned sonar, you don't even need to amplify the sound. As Marsha spread her arms, the air in front of her vibrated and sonic cannons flew from both sides.

Shirone hurriedly cast teleportation. But the sound was faster than his reflexes.

The magic dissipated as high-decibel sound waves turned my head. For a wizard who had to concentrate like this, the sound system was a very dangerous magic.

Marsha covered the entire building with side-looking magic.

Like a dolphin, it is a magic that emits sound waves and reads echoes by itself. It was a powerful detection magic that could accurately measure existence, direction, distance, etc. regardless of cover.

Shirone was driven to a dead end. Acoustic cannons cannot be defended. In addition, with the instant detection of side-looking, even the photon cannon was easily evaded.

'It's really strange. The sound system is a very specialized magic. How could Marsha, a former mercenary, use sound magic?'

Sori-type magicians study and collect only sounds for a lifetime.

Even if he met Gi-yeon, it was a tricky magic that could not be used without academic knowledge.

"You have a very attractive face. You can clearly see the emotion of 'How can you do that?'"

=======================================
[155] Second Encounter (4)





When Marsha fired the acoustic cannon again, Shirone pressed her earlobes with both hands. At this moment, no magic was more effective than blocking one's ears.

"Aaaagh!"

However, Shirone's expectations were spectacularly wrong.

A sound cannon of a different level of power penetrated the back of his hand. If she hadn't covered her ears, her eardrums would have burst.

"Whoa, you ignore your sister too much. Even if I didn't go to school, I know how to do a sequence ceremony."

According to the classification of the wizarding society, Marsha was from a non-magical school, but she was also a veteran who defeated many wizards. It would not be an exaggeration to say that the theory that is important for practice was learned through experience.

"Banshee's scream."

As Marsha vibrated the Spirit Zone, a strange sound that seemed to stretch out filled the room.

Shirone jumped up, frightened by the sudden phenomenon. I couldn't see my eyes. The world was dark, as if it had stained her retinas.

'what? What kind of magic is this?'

The sound wizard travels the world and collects all kinds of sounds. Among them, Banshee is a winged humanoid monster that lives in the high mountains and is characterized by having the upper body of a woman.

It sends out a unique high-frequency sound to blind the prey and eat it, but Marsha imitated the sound range as it was using sound magic.

Shirone became impatient. He was unable to locate his opponent with the Spirit Zone.

The narrow space was disturbed by the reverberation of the sound waves, and Marsha, as the epicenter of the sound waves, was only felt as sound.

While Shirone's senses were numb, Marsha was approaching him before he knew it. Then he held out her palms to her ears. A direct hit from a sonic cannon at this distance would stop her brain function.

'Goodbye, Shirone.'

At that moment, Shirone's zone vibrated violently. Seizing her crisis with Sona's sensitivity, Marsha backed off immediately. At the same time, a burst of light burst out and pushed the equipment out of her room.

Shirone wrapped her lasers all over the place with her eyes tightly closed.

Fast-winding the laser did not give much impact, but Marsha, who confirmed the power at the first gateway, sat down under the desk.

Hiding behind cover, Marsha could not see what was ahead with her eyes. However, when she used Sona's search ability, she was able to clearly feel what Shironae was doing.

'what?'

Marsha's heart thumped. Shirone was focusing the photon cannon right in front of her eyes.

How? The banshee's screams that echoed in the small room did not disappear for quite some time.

Marsha remembered the lasers circling the room.

'no way? Did you hear it?'

The vibrations of sound waves cannot be disturbed with any magic. However, if it was a high-efficiency energy-amplifying laser, it was possible to cut through sound waves.

Marsha did not know the principle of the laser, but Shirone knew the principle of sound. The difference in responsiveness that arises here. This was the reason why magic schools taught numerous subjects in addition to their majors.

"this... ... !"

Shirone raised her clear eyes and fired a photon cannon at Marsha. At the same time Marsha jumped out like a flying squirrel and rolled beside her.

Aaaaaang!

A heavy orb of light stretched through the building's walls.



* * *



The battle in the forest was reminiscent of a war.

It was clear that Freeman's men misunderstood the price of magic bullets. The scenery around the area was completely destroyed when the gun was fired without knowing it was a waste.

However, it was rather them who were driven into a corner. The number of 20 people was reduced to 7 people before I knew it. Even so, Amy's location was not even known.

"damn! Where the hell are you?"

"There! I just passed over there!"

A burning stone flew from the depths of the forest. When he hit the back of Gunner's head, who hadn't looked back, his consciousness flew even while the schema was open.

"damn! I'm deliberately using burnt-type magic."

"There are no ghosts. Even though it moves so fast, its accuracy is incredible."

Mobility and accuracy are important to the Gunner. Amy was overpowering both of them.

The reason why she could use fly magic stably and her targeting was so accurate that it was close to perfect was because she had red eyes.

"Whoa, there are six of us left now. No, there are seven of them, including Freeman."

Amy again levitated the stones around her. Then the stone became red and caught fire like lava.

If there is a photonization theory in the photon series, there is an ignition theory in the flame series. It was called Ignite, and it was the magic that formed the basis of the fire-type.

The nature of the flame that can be created with Ignite is largely divided into five types.

A heat that generates heat, a flare that sets fire, a burn that sets things on fire, a blaze that burns a large area, and a buster that causes an explosion.

Heating stones with burn-type flames was called Fire Call, and it was a magic that burned rocks like lava and flew them away.

For fire mages, the burn series is important. This is because it can compensate for the lightness, which is the disadvantage of flame. That's why it was perfect to deal with the gunner who operated the schema.

"Shall we go again?"

Amy flew into the sky and mercilessly dropped the Fire Call.

Compared to Meteor, a meteorite bombardment, it was child's play, but the victim was afraid.

"Above! Pour it all out!"

The Gunners raised their guns to the sky and fired magic bullets. However, Amy, who controls her errors with her self-image memory, was playing with her enemies in her evasion and accuracy.

Fly magic can be easily learned by anyone, but it was not easy to balance in the air where the atmosphere changes every moment.

Even so, Amy floated in the sky as if suspended. Her pupils, which were backing up her self-image at her tremendous speed, rapidly flashed red light.

Each time each shot was exchanged, the number of enemies decreased by one.

With only two of Freeman's men left, Amy unleashed the last of her Fire Calls.

There was no need for precise aiming this time. Burning stones crashed into the heads and backs of the enemies who tried to turn and flee.

Only then did Amy release her fly magic and landed in the clearing.

20 Gunners are destroyed in an instant. All that was left was Freeman.

"My subordinates were attacked, but their expressions did not change. Isn't that too cold? Or are you a coward?"

"If hating fighting is a coward, then it may be."

Amy frowned at Freeman's words. If it was psychological warfare, it was a fairly advanced technique.

But Freeman didn't care what he thought.



- Freeman is coming. Here comes the cowardly Freeman.

-If you ring Freeman, Marsha will come. An idiot who gets help from women.



Freeman, who recalled old memories, said something unexpected.

"Let's quit."

"what? What did you just say?"

Amy was bewildered. She has the news of victory in front of her eyes, but suddenly quits. Besides, this wouldn't be polite to the men who fought for her life.

"I'm worried about the captain. I guess I'll have to go. I don't want her to fall."

"Hey, no one wants to lose. So, you should have been good from the beginning."

"It doesn't mean that. she should never lose Even if it means dying."

"What are you talking about?"

Freeman did not answer Amy's questions. However, she was only talking about herself, as if muttering to herself.

"The leader is strong. Friends could die."

"Hmph, Shirone is stronger. I will never lose to a woman like that."

"You are noble. Trusting your man is good, but you will regret it."

Amy raised her fist and shouted, as if she was uncomfortable being mistaken for pure love.

"You are laughing. And I'm stronger than Shirone, you bastard. I can never let you go, so I have to collapse right here."

"is it."

Realizing that the negotiations had broken down, Freeman grabbed two guns in both hands and activated the schema.

The image of him who was looking at Amy faded like an afterimage and then disappeared.

Amy couldn't even react. But as she felt her presence from behind her through her john, she hurriedly twisted her body.

Freeman's kick grazed the tip of his chin. Amy bit her molars in embarrassment.

'this... ... I made a mistake!'

Since he was a gunner, he knew how to attack from a distance, but he approached and tried to engage in close combat. Certainly, his mindset was different from those of his subordinates who only relied on magic bullets.

"huh! I will deal with you in earnest!"

As Amy straightened her slumped posture, Freeman jumped into the air and fired magic bullets. A fireball using explosive power fell towards Amy like a dotted line.

However, Amy also fired a series of flame strikes to neutralize them all.

It is extremely difficult to match points and lines in infinitely wide coordinates. The precision of the two could be said to be thin.

The two, who collided again on the ground, engaged in a close-quarters firepower showdown. However, at close range, Gunner had the advantage.

"then... ... !"

Amy unleashed her defensive magic, Fire Mist. As the hot wind blew, reddish smoke enveloped the surroundings like a ball of gas.

When Freeman went out of range, Amy fired a series of flame strikes to finish it off. About 10 windows of flame rushed in and burned the air.

Puff puff puff puff!

But this was not the end. Repeated teleportation, hovering around Freeman, endlessly lashing out with magic.

The moment dozens of flame strikes hit one point, Freeman opened the schema widening his eyes.

Compound Eye, one of the eye techniques.

The landscape Freeman was looking at was fragmented, as if through the eyes of an insect.

As the individually analyzed information arrived, Freeman's back twisted around like a willow branch.

The flame strikes that continued tail after tail crossed each other in chronological order without even brushing their collars.

Amy had a hunch that it was not an ordinary technique. It wasn't comparable to Hong's eyes, but it was definitely an eye technique specialized for Gunners.

She changed her strategy and went into the woods. As long as the opponent was a high-level Gunner, he had no chance of being defeated in close combat.

However, Amy had another specialty: sniping. Moving away to a point 300 meters away, she looked at Freeman. She was seen calmly opening the cylinder and replacing the magic bullet.

'Hey, let's see how long we can be free.'

Amy transformed the target's Spirit Zone into a sniper mode. As John stretched out in a cone, he aimed at Freeman's face.

Due to the nature of Fire Strike, the power increases as the distance increases. This is because it creates an air tunnel, which can be said to be a characteristic of wind magic.

Air pressure can accelerate an object as it flies. A flame strike fired from 300 meters would have at least four times the power of a short range.

As Amy casts her magic, the spear of flame is sucked into the air tunnel and rushes towards Freeman.

By the time the 200 meters were covered, Amy thought it was over. At the current rate of acceleration, the remaining 100 meters would travel four times faster than the previous 200 meters.

Ultimately, Freeman can never react.

As expected, Freeman did not move. But Amy was shocked. This is because the flame strike was hit far away from Freeman.

'Did I make a mistake?'

At that moment, Amy realized. A strange sensation that penetrated the mind.

"Anti-magic... ... ."

It was clear that Freeman's gun was enchanted with anti-magic.

She felt it was about 3 percent, but at distances up to 300 meters, the error was bound to widen enormously.

Anti-magic is dangerous to her. This is because it is a magic that even her crimson eyes cannot cope with because it directly affects John.

=======================================
[156] Second Encounter (5)





Amy realized that Freeman was more tactical than expected.

The schema adherence, compound eye, and anti-magic 3% even neutralized sniping.

It was a way to fight one's own battles at all distances in the near, middle, and far.

"Were you hiding there?"

Freeman flew up with a gun loaded with magic bullets. The process of conquering the streets while stepping on trees was not fast enough and was disconnected.

The ensuing battle was a chase after chase.

Amy continued to shoot, but was far from hitting Freeman. No matter how much the red face is backed up, an error of 3% will occur somehow.

If you approached the mid-range, you might be able to match your opponent, but in the end it was no different than entering Freeman's garden.

'This is the only way.'

Amy didn't give up and stuck to sniping. But Freeman, who didn't even have to evade, was about to yawn.

It doesn't matter which way you try. There was no jaw to be hit by sniping, and if they approached, it was enough to avoid it with the compound eye.

"I heard that a wizard's mental power has a limit... ... ."

At the beginning of the battle, the wizard who did not need to change bullets had an advantage, but since he could not cast magic infinitely, as time passed, the victory had to lean towards the gunner.

As the speed of the flame strike became slower than before, Freeman moved to catch his prey in earnest.

Amy no longer had the mental strength left to cast magic. It felt like her brain was bleaching. Her omnipotence was not clinging to her batteries.

"Sigh. Sigh."

However, Amy squeezed even a small amount of mental strength. She did and she finally cast her final flame strike.

Freeman calmly watched the surge of magic. Like Gunner, a ballistics expert, he was already aware of the fact that the hitting point was slightly off.

Freeman raised his two guns and put his index finger on the trigger. The opponent wouldn't even be able to maintain fly magic. It was safe to think of her as an ordinary girl now.

pop!

At that moment, a powerful shock hit Freeman's temple. For the first time, emotion showed on his face.

doubts and wonders.

Clearly, the flame strike was 10 meters away from the point of impact. But why is it that he can come as a shock to himself?

The thought was over there. Freeman, hit in the vitals, fell to the ground with a thud. His sprawled face began to burn.

'Marsha... ... .'

Amy, who struggled to cling to the tree and came down to the ground, eventually couldn't stand it and hit her butt.

The fatigue was great. It was a state of mental exhaustion more than ordinary people worked all night for four days.

However, the adventure, like gambling, had succeeded, so the mood was not too bad.

"Ugh! omg! done. I won."

In Amy's last attack, the range of sniper mode was actually less than 100 meters.

If Freeman hadn't approached, the flame strike would have disappeared before reaching its target.

But Freeman rushed and it was a failure. Amy, who gave up the distance of 200 meters, tried with her remaining mental strength, and it was a four-way breakaway type.

It hit Freeman by changing its trajectory to the zone that holds only flame strikes.

In this way, the attack cannot be avoided with 3% anti-magic.

If he had thrown a stone so far, it was the same reason as holding it in his hand and hitting him this time.

"Anyway, I'm glad we won. If I had died, I would have been too embarrassed to go to heaven."

Because the battle between his friends was in full swing, he didn't even have time to recover. Amy slouched down on her back as she took hard steps toward her cliff.



* * *



Freeman's face was on fire. But he didn't even groan.

From the moment he regained consciousness from the pain of the burns, there was only one thought in his head.

'I have to go to Marsha.'

Amy's flames constantly burned her skin, but Freeman's body was also repairing cells at the same speed.

At the crossroads of pain and rest, neither alive nor dead, Freeman recalled his childhood days with Marsha.



"uh? it's freeman Cowardly Freeman."

"Let's look at eyebrows Freeman! won't you cry soon? I mean cry!"

Freeman was always a joke. because he was a coward

Of course, no one is born a coward. He thought his severely slanted eyebrows were to blame for everything.

"Ha, don't do it. It hurts."

"Then cry. If you make me cry, Marsha will come. Pretty Marsha."

"Don't bully Marsha!"

"You idiot, Marsha is the alley manager, so who is bothering you? Besides, Marsha is fun! She cries quickly anyway. Eight, Eight."

"Aaaaaagh! Marsha!"

Freeman couldn't hold back his tears and ran away.

The children were frantic to make him cry. He was not prone to stabbing his face with tree branches, and would pick up and throw stones when severe.

"Hey! Tell Marsha to come over here! We're going to play war together."

The children rang Freeman to play with Marsha. Nevertheless, Freeman always ran to Marsha's house.

Being bullied, the only place he could go was her house.

Every time I come, I feel it, but it was a lonely house. Her father, a mercenary, did not even have furniture in the house. He often stayed up all night when he went to work, and he would beat Marsha every once in a while when he came back.

When I opened Marsha's door, she was sitting in the corner of the empty room.

In a room without a bed, desk, or even that common blanket, only leftover bread and a glass of milk occupied the place.

"Marsha, hey, they hit me."

She always cuts her hair short. But she has a pretty face. Marsha greeted Freeman with a friendly smile.

"Ugh, aren't you tired of being beaten all the time? So why are you hanging out with those guys?"

"It doesn't fit. They somehow find me and harass me."

"okay. I'll go ahead and tell you. Where are they?"

said Freeman, wiping his nose.

"Can I not go? If you go out and you come in, you get beaten up."

"It's the same thing anyway, but what? I'll tell the kids I won't play with them if they bully you."

"no! You don't want to play with those kids, but you're forcing yourself to play because of me. I don't want Marsha to smile at those kids."

"Oh, thank you. then get a little stronger A shout out to the subject of help."

Marcia poked Freeman in the forehead. An offended Freeman ran to the door and spread his arms.

"I still hate it! do not go!"

"What's wrong with you today? Try yelling at other kids like that. Hey, do you like me? Is that why you're jealous of playing with other kids?"

Freeman's face flushed red. He was so nervous that he could hear his heart beating in his ears and vomit.

Marsha shook her hand and said, as if it was funny.

"Hey, kidding, kidding. Anyway, the liver is only peas... ... ."

"yes! you like it! What do you want? It's a girl!"

Marsha stared blankly at Freeman.

"Can't I like you? Did I even tell you to like me? What I like is my heart, but why are you saying this and that? A coward like me shouldn't like anyone?"

When Freeman, who was not good at expressing emotions, shouted in excitement like never before, Marsha held out both hands to calm him down before the situation escalated.

"Yeah, okay, okay. sorry. You like it, of course it's your freedom."

"Hey, sir! really! Treating you as an idiot!"

Marsha's childish attitude infuriated Freeman even more. Then Marsha smiled and took her by the wrist, brought her to Freeman and seated her in her own seat.

"I didn't treat you like an idiot. So calm down a bit."

Marsha put on a rag-like cloak and prepared to leave.

Freeman kept his mouth shut for a while, perhaps feeling ashamed of having yelled at him loudly, then raised his gaze secretly.

"Are you really going to play with them?"

"No, I'll just scold you and come back. Come play with me later."

Marsha's words brightened Freeman's expression.

"really? You must come quickly!"

"yes. If you're hungry, eat bread and milk. Because I ate it all."

When Marsha left the house, silence came again. Freeman, too, assimilated into the poor room's scenery, became sullen again.

'Ah, I was going to say this while giving it to you.'

Freeman pulled a small hand mirror from his pocket. It was something I had bought after three months of running small errands.

Marsha had nothing but one set of clothes. Because her adoptive father steals everything.

"I'm still a woman, but I need a mirror. Uncle is also very strange. I don't know why you have such a pretty daughter."

Thinking that Marsha would like it, Freeman smiled. But his reflection in the mirror was never a smile.

Seriously drooping eyebrows.

Because of these eyebrows, I got the nickname crybaby from a young age, and after living like that for 10 years, I really became a crybaby.

"Is it that strange? That's good enough."



Years passed, and Marsha and Freeman were also 17 years old.

Freeman was still a coward in the neighborhood, but he had a good reputation for his hard work.

But the only person he was serious with was Marsha.

The reason he saves the money he spends on living expenses is to buy a present for Marsha.

Of course, no matter how much she bought her, it seemed that her father would take it all away, but Marsha was really happy when she did.

Freeman was willing to spend any amount of money just to see Marcia smile.

At some point, she seemed to have lost her smile. She had a vague guess. The adoptive father had been harassing Marsha even more recently.

Of course, most of the children grew up in similar home environments.

Freeman also lives with his drunkard father calling him an idiot every day.

Then one day, Freeman finally found out. The fact that the stabbing inflicted on Marsha was of a completely different nature from what parents do to their children.

"Marsha, Marsha?"

Perhaps it was fate that I found Marsha's house that night. It was because she liked the fact that the face of Marsha, whom she met during the day, was much more gloomy than usual.

No matter how many times I knocked on the door, when Marsha did not come out, my anxiety increased.

Freeman had no choice but to climb through the window. Most of the windows were open in the summer because I had nothing to take with me anyway.

"Huh, Marsha? Were you in the room? But why answer... ... ."

Freeman froze at the sight of the moonlit room. I saw a stunned Marsha on his knees.

A knife was in her hand, and blood dripping from the blade ran down the floor onto a corpse.

"Oh, Marsha... ... ."

Freeman suddenly came to his senses and ran. I don't know where she got this courage, but it occurred to her that if Marsha let her mind go, she must do something of her own.

"wake up. What happened?"

After grabbing her shoulder and shaking it several times, Marsha regained her senses.

Shocking words came out of her mouth as she blankly looked up at Freeman.

"Dad... ... They tried to run over me."

Freeman was at a loss for words.

He couldn't talk and his eyes were dark, so I thought he was a pervert, but he wasn't his parents?

Disgusting feelings rushed in when the unexpected thing turned out to be true.

"Let's run away. Uncle is a mercenary. If my colleagues find out, they will come for revenge."

Freeman was right. Clever Marsha came to her senses as soon as she heard the story. She had to get out of her house as soon as possible.

Marsha suddenly burst out laughing. She had never had anything, so she realized that she had nothing to pack with her when she left.

Freeman grabbed Marcia's wrist and left the house. The two of them ran to the entrance of the village without stopping once.

"Ugh! omg! That's it. I think you can rest easy for now."

"yes. I won't be able to follow you all the way out of town."

Marsha gasped and calmed herself down. Although fearful of her adoptive father's co-workers, she was confident that she would run away even to the ends of the world.

=======================================
[157] Second Encounter (6)





"Thank you, Freeman."

"Hehe, what are you doing with this much? Let's get out of this damn place quickly. Wherever I go, I can feed at least one of you."

Marsha was taken aback by the unexpected words. Then she realized that it was time, she said in a sad voice.

"Freeman, I'm sorry. I'm leaving alone I will not take you."

"what? why? What is a woman going to do alone? The world outside is dangerous."

"It's fine. Because I feel like I can do anything now."

"no! Hate! I'll follow you too! You can never go alone."

Marsha thought about it one last time. But no matter how much he thought about it, he couldn't take him with him.

Freeman had a family.

Although he was a man no different from his adoptive father, he was a real father with whom he had blood.

"Freeman, I do not love you."

Marsha's direct words made Freeman's face redden.

"Go, what are you talking about all of a sudden?"

"You are such a good friend. But I will never accept you as a man. It's bad luck for you too to follow me. I might marry another man."

Freeman felt his heart break. cruel. How cruel, Marsha.

How could you say such a thing in a situation like this? Maybe this will be the last one.

Freeman clenched his fists and gritted his teeth.

If Marsha is like that, then it is. She tried to hang around her and in the end she only hurt herself.

"doesn't care. Still, I'll go with you. I don't like living while being called an idiot by my drunken father. This is my will."

Marsha is angry. The stuffy Freeman's personality was annoyed to the point of madness.

"you idiot! why can't you understand me? Because I don't like you!"

"So what? Don't do it if you don't like it! Because I'll just love it! I don't care if you marry another man or have children! just what i like! You don't have the right to say anything about that!"

Marsha also screamed in anger.

"Oh yeah? Great. Look only at me for the rest of your life, then die of old age as a widower. Shall I tell you the truth? What you follow is a burden to me. How long do I have to take care of a coward who can't kill a young ant? It only makes it harder for me!"

"I am not a coward! I will protect you!"

"Then how are you going to protect me! What do you know how to do?"

"Aaaaaaa!"

Freeman screamed at the ground. Then he picked up a sharp stone that got into his eye and started scratching at his eyebrows.

Marsha was startled and stopped Freeman.

"What are you doing, you idiot!"

"Let go! Let go!"

Freeman was reckless.

I got goosebumps and the sound of my skin peeling away. Marsha was watching the scene in her astonishment.

Freeman rubbed the stone until his eyebrows fell off, then threw it on the floor. When he got up again, his face was covered in blood like Sura.

"how? Does that make me look scared too? It's all because of my eyebrows that I was a coward. no one can touch me now So it won't be a burden to you."

"you... ... Are you crazy?"

Marsha was stunned and speechless. But Freeman was sincere.

His impression with his eyebrows shaved off was certainly scary, but in fact he had the saddest expression in the world.

"I will be strong. I will become strong no matter what. So can't you just let me stay by your side? I will never ask you to like me, so can you let me go with you?"

"you... ... . Ugh, you idiot."

Marsha sighed heavily. She thought it shouldn't be like this, but she felt like she was pushed out of it with a sigh.



"Marsha."

Freeman's eyes flashed open. The face, distorted by the burns, was completely regenerated before anyone knew it.

how much time has passed maybe it's already too late But I had to go. because i promised Until Marsha died, even her life was not her own.

"I am coming. wait."

The energy that was poured out to return to life from the crossroads of life and death was ignorant. The body was heavy and the legs had no strength.

But Freeman walked without a break.

To where Marsha is.

clay marsha(1)



Amy gritted her teeth and ran down the mountain path. Her sanity was restored to the point where she could think, but she was still unable to cast her magic.

I couldn't slow down. The battle isn't over yet. Freeman was dealt with, but there was still one more powerful enemy, Falcoa.

"Whoa! little bit more!"

As soon as her destination was in sight, Amy accelerated even more. She and she finally came up the hill when she encountered an unexpected sight and her eyes widened.

Lian, who was in a state of disrepair, was holding Falcoa from behind.

But Amy was surprised for another reason.

It was because Tess was running at full speed and stabbing Falcoa with her sword.

Tess' eyes were as fierce as ever. At this rate, even Lian would be pierced by the sword. However, the two did not hesitate at all, as if they had already concluded an unspoken agreement.

Finally, Tess' saber pierced Falcoa. Lian's pupils widened and his shoulders twitched.

After a while, blood poured out of Lian's mouth.



* * *



20 minutes before Amy arrives.

Falcoa's attack was the height of splendor. However, it was violence like a beast that was revealed not in technique but in violence.

Lian couldn't think of technology. He had already used up his stamina to the limit just by enduring the shock.

Falcoa found an opening and cut Lian's thigh.

'Lian!' I heard Tess's voice shouting. Although Lian held up better than expected, half of her strength was lost after being injured in the lower body.

Tess, enraged by her friend's injury, attempted to attack. However, Falcoa deserves to be called a battlefield demon.

As long as he didn't die, it didn't matter where he got hurt, he was concentrating most of his movements on attacks.

Then, rather, Tess' attack frequency decreased. It was a moment that proved once again the adage that offense is the best defense.

As the battle progressed, the scars on Lian and Tess' bodies were increasing. They were avoiding fatal injuries, but after 10 minutes, the bodies of the two were almost as good as rags, as if their clothes were getting wet from drizzle.

"Ha ha ha! Is this over? It was fun for the first time in a while."

Ignoring Falcoa's words, Tess turned to Lian, who was breathing heavily.

"Lian, are you okay?"

"Oh, you can hold on. you?"

Tess was so full of tears that she couldn't speak. What is it worth enduring? The traces of Falcoa's sword were clearly engraved all over his body.

It was the first time in my life that I was so upset. What the hell is that scumbag like that that hurts Lian?

Tess gripped the saber's handle tightly. Even at the cost of his own life, he intended to end Falcoa's life.

"Yaaaaa!"

Tess charged forward, pulling the saber towards herself. It was the charging posture unique to the Elsaine family.

However, the gap in power could not be filled even with martial arts.

Tess was advancing at great speed, but Falcoa was retreating at a speed that surpassed it.

As I widened the distance, I could see what I intended at a glance. Falcoa, who opened his mouth viciously, suddenly kicked off the ground and advanced. And with gentle skill, Tess' saber was spilled.

"Huh!"

Falcoa turned to Tess' side and slammed her ribs with his knee. Tess' breathing was momentarily cut off as her lungs were compressed.

"Hey, it was quite good. But I still feel fresh."

Falcoa's longsword fell on Tess.

Tess felt like time was slowing down. The trail of the sword coming down to cut his own throat was clearly visible.

But I couldn't move. As time slowed down, her body slowed down too.

'Sorry... ... rian. I wanted to pay at least one room.'

At that moment, Lian charged like a bull and tackled Falcoa.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Falcoa's legs floated up. However, Lian's tackle was a failure. Even in the floating state, Falcoa, who took a standing posture with fearsome balance, landed on the floor as it was, pulling Lian's back neck and raising his knees.

"Gagging!"

The impact pierced the pit, passed through the stomach, and out of the back.

Is this the fighting ability of a demon who is said to have lived madly at war? There seemed to be no way to shake Falcoa.

"To mess around. don't worry too much I will take good care of your woman."

Lian's consciousness, which had been drifting away, returned. Although they usually quarrel, Tess is a good friend. He was respected and recognized as a prosecutor.

"For a child like you... ... ."

Lian grabbed Falcoa's collar and pulled it with all his might as if burning his entire body.

"I can't hand over my friend, you bastard!"

"Keugh!"

As if being swept away by a wave, Falcoa was puzzled even as he was being dragged by Lian. He knew he was strong, but not to the extent that he matched his schema.

But where did this power suddenly come from?

Lian turned around behind Falcoa and engaged in wrestling techniques. When I caught his arm between his armpits, his arms fluttered and Falcoa was unable to wield his sword.

"You bastard!"

Falcoa stretched her lats and lowered her arms. Lian's nose twisted. Her body screamed as if a rope had been tied around her shoulders and the horses were pulling.

"Great!"

But Falcoa couldn't escape.

It was obviously strange. The opponent he experienced during the battle was not stronger than himself. But how can you generate such power?

"Damn it! this child! Don't let this go!"

"Hehe! look out This is an imaginary schema, child."

Wizards train the mind, swordsmen train the body. However, even for a prosecutor whose primary goal was to strengthen physical abilities, there was one institution closely related to the mind.

It was the brain.

Maybe thoughts affect the body too?

Some schema users, though few in number, devote their lives to reconstructing the brain's schema.

Unbeknownst to Lian, the name Imagination Schema was also given to them.

Does the thought of not releasing Falcoa affect the body? If so, would the action be different depending on the strength of the thought?

If all of this is possible, if thinking is limitless, then how much can the effect be amplified if thinking is extremely strengthened?

Lian decided not to move. He gave specific instructions to the body and fixed it in that state.

A kind of mental lock.

It is an established theory that an imaginary schema is not a schema, but there is no other way to explain Lian's ignorant physical strength.

"Aaaaaa! Let go! Let go, you son of a bitch!"

Falcoa swayed madly. She did not feel possessed by the creature. Lian's body did not budge as if it had been petrified.

"Tess! Stab!"

"Ha, but... ... ."

Tess realized what Lian was talking about. It was a reasonable decision. Because if it wasn't now, there wouldn't be a chance to beat Falcoa.

But Tess couldn't make up her mind. Killing Lian. If he died with him, he died, but he couldn't stab him with his own hand.

"Lian... ... ."

"Aaaaaa! hurry! I can't last long!"

Danger signals came from all over Lian's body. The body was carrying out 100% of the instructions given by the mind, but the limits were obvious. Perhaps, if Falcoa escaped, Lian's body would have been in a state of being shattered.

"Tess! do it faster!"

"Yaaaaa!"

Tess stormed off in tears. Lian is risking her life to complete her mission. If I missed her timing with stupid sensibilities, I would have made Lian a fool in the world.

It was at that point that Amy arrived.

"Tess! no!"

=======================================
[158] Clay Marsha (2)





As soon as Amy's cry broke out, Tess's sword pierced Falcoa's heart. Lian's eyes then opened wide, and blood gushed out of her mouth.

There was no mistake in Tess' swordsmanship. The saber had penetrated Falcoa's heart and would sooner or later cease to function.

Falcoa had a gut feeling of death. He wasn't particularly afraid. Maybe death is the drug closest to pleasure in this world.

"Marsha."

Surprisingly, the last words out of Falcoa's lips were the name of the leader. The corners of his mouth went up slightly, as if he felt something like a kaleidoscope.

'Take me to the battlefield.'

Tess pulled out the sword and Falcoa's body fell backwards. He fell with a thud, and Lian fell to his knees in pain.

"Lian! It's fine?"

Amy came running frantically. Lian looked back at her with her smile on her face.

"Hey, Amy. Did you get rid of everything?"

"Tell me. where did you get hurt? Tess! Anyway, how can we stab together?"

Amy shouted at Tess, feeling sad. But Tess was just brushing off the blood on her sword. Then he suddenly smiled and winked.

"Whoa, what are you talking about? what do you see me as Even if you look at it like this, you have confidence in adjusting the interval. The only thing stabbed was Falcoa's torso. Lian is fine."

Amy looked at Tess with a puzzled expression.

"there... ... Lian's chest is bleeding?"

"What!"

Tess looked up at Lian, her eyes wide open. As Amy said, thin blood was leaking out.

"Lian! Lian! it's okay? Come to your senses!"

When Tess, whose face had gone pale, whimpered in her ear, Lian, who lost consciousness for a moment and came back, waved her hands in annoyance and stood up.

"Don't make a fuss. I just poked in a little bit."

"I'm sorry, Lian. I'm not good enough... ... ."

"Don't talk like that. Even if it was a little shallow, Falcoa wouldn't have collapsed. It would have been dangerous for both of us back then. You were right."

"Hey, but... ... ."

Lian sincerely thought so. No matter how much you worry about your friend's well-being, it's better to be deep than insufficient. That's why Tess was able to promote the highest level of concentration.

"Aww! A wound like this is nothing. Let's go quickly. I'm worried about Shirone."

Even in the middle of the fight, bizarre noises and explosions were heard inside the building. It was clear that he was fighting the captain. At the very least, a more dangerous situation than the battle of Falcoa would have been taking place.

At that moment, the wall of the building shattered with a bang, and Shirone jumped out.

"Shirone!"

Shirone casts a teleportation right before she slams to the ground and backs away 10 meters. As the photonization state was released, Shirone, who assumed a landing posture, was pushed away dragging the ground.

"Shirone, are you okay?"

"Do not come!"

Shirone exclaimed urgently. The fact that you were unusually excited by Shiro, who was always calm, made his friends unable to move as if a nail had been driven into their feet.

"It's not over yet. It's sound magic, so approaching is dangerous."

Marsha's sonar was able to use targeted and ranged attacks freely. It was clear that the three people, who must have been exhausted from the battle, would be caught up in powerful sound magic as they came and went.

"It's quite right. You can last long enough against me."

Marsha crouched down and left the building and approached with a smile. But her smile faded in front of Falcoa's corpse.

Falcoa is dead.

Although he was a bit of a strange man, he got together with the people in his life and had a lot of fun. 30% of his blood was soaked in the name of the parrot that made his name on the continent.

'There will be no regrets, Falcoa.'

Marsha could tell without looking. He was the kind of man who would have thought a stabbed death a much better death than a drug-fueled death of a heart attack.

But the impressions ended there.

It was surprising that he was only victimized by a student, but it was not an unusual situation considering Falcoa's physical condition, which had been addicted to drugs for five years.

Marsha again focused on dealing with Shirone. He guessed it when he broke through the first gateway, but when he faced it himself, the magic combination was quite balanced.

The teleportation was at a high level, and I also liked the power of the photon cannon, a key attack method.

The laser was perfect as a siege weapon, and although it had the downside of requiring timing for the defensive magic, Berserk, it had the advantage of being able to be converted into offensive magic if necessary.

A balance that one mage has reached after long deliberation and evolution.

What I liked most of all was that it was a magic unique to Shirone that could not be learned by any wizard.

'It's the Unlocker's magic. It should be fun. I want it.'

While Marsha was thinking about that, Shirone was also analyzing the variables in the situation in the open field..

I received numerous penalties inside the building, so there was no particular disadvantage. Above all, there was no risk of hurting the hostages, so they could increase their power to their heart's content.

"It will be different from now on. I will never forgive you."

"Huh, Shirone, you will forgive me."

"On what basis? What you have done is beyond human standards."

"That's right, actually... ... ."

Marsha shouted, sticking out her tongue like a mischievous person.

"It was all a lie!"

Shirone and the others did not understand her words and put on a blank expression. Then Marsha shouted at the building.

"Yuna! You can come out now!"

As the sound amplified, her voice boomed out toward the sea.

After a while, the door of the building opened and a pretty-looking girl walked out.

"No way, is that girl Yuna?"

"That's right, Yuna. As you can see, I am comfortable here without any problems. How are you, Shirone? Are you relieved now?"

Shirone didn't respond. Even with his brilliant insight, he couldn't even guess what Marsha was thinking.

"Oh, you still don't know? Do you use it when your older sister gets mad at you for playing a little prank on her younger brother? Everything I said was a lie So please forgive me yes?"

Yuna lowered her head towards Shirone and the others and said.

"My sister did nothing wrong. Rather, Marsha unnie saved me."

Lian opened his mouth in frustration.

"What the hell happened? Someone please answer for me, stupid."

But neither Amy nor Tess said anything.

It's an obvious mockery. It was clear. The problem was motivation. What the hell was Marsha planning to do like this?

What Shirone was thinking was also about him.

It wasn't something that could be dismissed as just a joke. The parrot mercenary has been destroyed. Falcoa is dead. But it was inconceivable that all this was a lie.

"If it really is... ... Send Yuna this way."

For now, the priority was to rescue Jis' sister. But Marsha shook her head with a polite mischievous smile.

"Yuna, go back in. I'll send it to my brother later."

Yuna nodded and went back into the building.

Shirone's medicine went up. What the hell does Marsha want to do with this situation?

I can't feel the purpose or meaning. It seemed that he just wanted to play a joke like a child.

"What is this? What the hell do you want?"

"Whoops, why? Yuna is fine. Didn't that happen? Ah, did you want to take it yourself, like the apostle of justice?"

"It's not... ... ."

"You understand now? My sister did nothing wrong. It's you who's bad, Shirone. you made me sick So, I will never hand Yuna over to you."

Shirone entered the Spirit Zone. The aggressive John, sharp like Marsha's blade, was aiming at his forehead before he knew it.

"huh! I won't be beaten anymore."

Shirone shouted out loud, but in reality, there was a lot of confusion in her heart. Marsha has removed her motivation to fight. Even so, she was still spreading a warlike murderous intent.

'Let's stay calm. You're sending me hostility. That's enough reason to fight.'

If it was a tactic to deceive the opponent, he couldn't just be in the middle of the day. Moreover, since the hostages were also safe, once they entered the battle, they would not be pushed back like they were inside the building.

However, contrary to Shirone's expectations, Marsha released the Spirit Zone. She then spread her arms as if disarming her, she said to Shirone.

"You can kill me."

Shirone's heart sank. Because I knew what she meant now.

It was a magical incantation that he had memorized every time he was beaten by his adoptive father.

That's why Marsha was sincere. It was clear to her that she really wanted to kill herself.

'What is it, Marsha? Who the hell are you?'



* * *



Magic Association Investigation Room.

A certified 5th-class wizard and investigator, Sakiri wiped the sweat from her forehead. His sleeves were rolled up to his elbows and more than half of his shirt buttons were undone.

It was clearly the face of a tired person. However, the forearm holding the iron club was still cracked as if it were overflowing with strength.

"Huh, since we took a break, shall we start again?"

"Turn it off... ... ."

Lucas groaned as he fell to the floor.

The vice-captain of the parrot thieves who raided the Magic Association along with Arcane. However, at the time, Shiina's freezing magic, absolute zero, had both legs amputated.

I don't know how many hours I was beaten.

If he hadn't protected himself with schema, he would have suffered enough to die instantly.

"Goes. Knock it off."

Sakiri swung the iron club again. Lucas crawled across the floor with his arms at the pouring heat, and then rolled over in exhaustion.

"Aww! Please stop! Ask me anything and hit me! I said I said everything!"

"wait. Shouldn't you fill up a thousand units?"

"You crazy child!"

Sakiri counted in her mind. There are five left. four now. Generation.

Finally striking the final blow in his side, he slammed the iron club away as if feeling refreshed.

The stick rolled across the floor with a thud.

"Whoa, it's refreshing. You did all the exercise today."

"Heuuuuu, why the hell are you doing this... ... ."

Lucas clutched at his aching stomach and wept.

Although he was recruited when the parrot mercenary group turned into a gang of bandits, he quickly rose to the position of vice-captain with his outstanding skills. The villain of the world who did not lose his spirit even when he faced Arcane.

However, in front of Sakiri, she was just a gum ticket stuck to the ground.

Sakiri grabbed Lucas by the hair and threw him at the chair.

As Lucas, who had been thrown violently, clung to the chair, Sakiri sat down on the other side of the desk and said.

"Sit down quickly. Before cutting off the remaining arm as well."

Lucas propped himself up on his arms and managed to sit on the chair. Then Sakiri didn't say anything for a long time, meticulously examining the files written by the investigators.

"Detective Nari, please send me back to prison. I will tell you where Marsha is."

"I do not need. What kind of woman is she, and does she still think she will be there?"

"Shit! Then why the hell am I beating myself up?"

Turning over the last page of the file folder, Sakiri hit the desk in annoyance.

"You know what criminal I hate the most? killer? home wrecker? No, he's an escaped prisoner. Does the country look so complacent? Even if the liver is swollen, it's an oil fountain, can a B-class criminal escape from prison? your life is over You will never see the sun for the rest of your life."

Lucas swallowed his saliva. Sakiri's words were not threats, but the truth.

I could tell just by looking at the tendencies of the investigators who said they would hit a thousand times but actually did it.

"Anyway, let's begin. I like to listen well. Now my daughter is four years old. She's the age to flirt in front of her father. But I haven't been able to go home for days! Let's live a little bit. Understand?"

"What do you want to hear?"

"Everything else is done, a woman named Marsha. If she knows anything about her, she will tell you everything."

That was the only information Sakiri wanted.

Clay Marsha. She's a political prisoner, so she's never made a big fuss for a Class A criminal, but she's such a hard woman to get a hold of.

The biggest problem was that the intelligence was Jung-gu heating. He sometimes said he was a fire mage, other times he said he used ice magic.

In that respect, it was a very careful and thorough disposition. He was unable to clearly pinpoint the movement route even though he searched with the best available investigators.

So Sakiri called Lucas. I thought the operation was wrong from the beginning.

What you really need to know is not where Marsha is, but Marsha herself.

=======================================
[159] Clay Marsha (3)





"Anything is fine. If you blow everything you know, I'll send you back to prison."

Lucas was silent. His hair was spinning fast.

Lucas, who joined the parrot thieves rather than the parrot mercenary, did not have much loyalty to Marsha. So it was easy for him to confess what he knew.

However, after confessing here, he would not be able to come out of the prison deep underground until he died of old age.

"How about making a deal?"

"transaction? what deal?"

"I will tell you everything about Marsha. Reduce the sentence instead. I will give you the information I want, as long as it allows me to come out before I die."

"her... ... ."

Sakiri looked at Lucas with a puzzled expression. Then he suddenly burst into laughter and stamped his feet.

"Ha ha ha ha ha!"

With a bang, the desk fell to the side. Sakiri jumped up and approached me screaming.

"You crazy child! Do you know where you are right now?"

As he lifted his foot and kicked it, Lucas' body fell with the chair. Even then, as if his anger was not resolved, he stepped on the fallen Lucas little by little.

But this time, Lucas was also desperate.

It's all the same whether it dies this way or that way. If you don't get the desired results here, life will eventually end.

"Hit! No matter how hard you try! I will never speak! So let's make a deal!"

Sakiri's footsteps stopped abruptly.

Why on earth are bad guys so shameless? If you don't want to go to jail like that, you shouldn't commit a crime in the first place.

"Ah, that must be really crazy."

Sakiri took a deep breath and turned around.

Even in his frightened state, Lucas observed the scene closely. To stop kicking means to be in conflict. If you hold on a little longer, it seemed that the window of conversation would open.

Contrary to expectations, however, Sakiri opened the door to the investigation room and gave a terrifying order.

"Hey, turn off the magic limiter here."

Magic limiting devices are different from anti-magic. It was a technique that prevented the activation of magic itself from the beginning.

Of course, that was also a type of magic, but there weren't many thieves in the world who could destroy the magic circle designed by the first-class wizards.

Lucas swallowed his saliva. You shouldn't be afraid. It was clear that Sakiri was also making a last-ditch effort. If you get over this gobi, you will be able to go out into the world again someday.

Sakiri calmly waited. After a while, there was a hum and the sound of the air sinking.

Lucas didn't know what had changed, but Sakiri approached with her head bent as if she had become much lighter.

"Tell me everything you know about Marsha. To remain silent or to perjure the facts will be met with unbearable terror."

"I, I don't speak. never tell me."

Sakiri didn't care and held out his hand to Lucas. Then he calmly closed his eyes and recited words like a mantra.

"As a judge, I command you, the commandment responds to the commandment. The scale of truth belongs only to you."

Lucas's complexion turned pale as a corpse's.

It was a mistake to think that he was an ordinary investigator. Sakiri was one of many people who should never be touched.

"Hey, damn it!"



10 minutes have passed since then.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

A piercing shout echoed through the interrogation room.

Lucas was barely sane. Even when he had his leg amputated, it wasn't as painful as this.

"okay! I'll tell you! I'll tell you everything, so please stop this!"

The moment I screamed, the pain disappeared like a lie.

Lucas, crumpled up in the corner of the interrogation room, looked up at Sakiri as he crouched down in fear.

"It is your choice. If you want to be comfortable, tell me gently."

Lucas resigned. Neither silence nor lies are tolerated.

Any criminal had no choice but to confess the truth in front of Sakiri's magic 'The Balance of Truth'.

"Marsha is smart. And there are no mistakes. For now, I pretend to be pushed back and expose all of my opponent's organs. But she never plays her tricks so she doesn't hate herself."

"It's a typical scammer's tactic."

"Hey, cheater? No, she's not a cheater. Do you know what makes her scary? She's not lying to fool anyone. She says her life itself is a lie. You won't get a hold of her by any means."

"Hmm, I know what kind of tendency it is. But with just that much, intelligence wouldn't come in such a dizzying way, would it?"

Sakiri rested her chin and thought. Then he suddenly thought of a possibility.

No one else knew, but he was sure. Why did intelligence come and go?

"no way? Maybe she... ... ."

"yes. A human of your kind."

Thinking he didn't have to suffer anymore, Lucas raised his voice.

"Marsha... ... It is a regular eating out."



* * *



Shirone analyzed her by any means. But she couldn't figure it out. He was a completely different person from the people he met in his life.

"Even if you kill me... ... good?"

"Whoops, yes. do you hate me So you can kill as much as you like."

Shirone thought no more. If he couldn't find an answer anyway, he'd just stick to his convictions.

"If Yuna is all right, there is no reason for me to fight you either."

A faint smile like a crack formed on Marsha's lips.

Then, as the offensive spirit zone stabbed in, Shirone immediately cast teleportation.

'what?'

Shirone was embarrassed. The Spirit Zone suddenly disappeared and the teleportation was released.

At that moment, the roar of the acoustic cannon passed, and the eardrums burned as if they were on fire.

As Shirone rolled on the floor unable to bear the shock, Lian said with a surprised expression.

"what? Why is Shirone doing that all of a sudden?"

Acoustic cannons compress sound waves, so sound doesn't spread loosely. Therefore, the friends who were away heard only high-pitched screams.

"That's a sonic cannon. A type of sound magic. But that's not the problem."

Tess agreed with Amy's words.

"right. Shirone got hit."

A dark shadow fell over Amy's face. Shirone seems to have tried to evade it by teleportation, which she obviously did. However, the photonization was released just before her magic was activated.

"I'm not saying that it happened. It was stolen."

"Are you taken away? What did you lose?"

Amy was able to identify through synesthesia. The moment Marsha sucked Shirone's Spirit Zone like dew.

"maybe... ... mentality."

"Nonsense. How can you steal someone else's sanity?"

Amy hurriedly stepped towards Shirone.

Class A criminal Clay Marsha.

If you guessed it, that woman was an extremely dangerous figure.

"Shirone! Be careful! That woman is a dieter!"

Shirone raised his head. Both ears were wet with blood from the power of the sound cannon, but the Vajrapani Buddha's mental strength was still sound.

"this... ... Eating out of the rules?"

"Oh, do you know about eating out? you guys are really great After all, the bag strap should be long."

Mages develop countless magics every single day, and the association registers them as prescribed magic.

However, there is magic that can never be registered in the world, and that was eating out of the rules.

The out-of-regulation battery is unique.

This is because the omniscience is composed only of the individual's blind thoughts, not the actual fact that everyone knows.

In a word, they were wizards who could make their own rules and force them on others.

Shirone recalled the story she heard about Shiina's eating out in class.



"Almighty is faith. The speed of the photon is classified into four types, the temperature of the flame changes, and the reason why plasma can be created even at medium temperatures is because the wizard's omnipotence supports the battery."

Shiina wrote the word eating out on the blackboard.

The students were agitated at the appearance of an unfamiliar word, but she continued explaining without hesitation.

"But there are those who use omnipotence for private purposes. In other words, it's not supporting the battery, it's twisting the battery itself. The magic that such people use is called eating out."

"Teacher, don't you understand?"

"Now I will explain. Guys, what is my job?"

"Of course I am a teacher."

"that's right. I am a teacher. So, shall we begin? Who among you doesn't think I'm a teacher? Raise your hand."

Of course, no students raised their hands. Because it is impossible. Knowing that he was a teacher, denying it was contradictory.

"This is the nature of the mind. Unlike the body, the mind does not push out an idea once it enters it. It just absorbs it and forms a new mass."

Shiina raised her finger as if to emphasize it.

"In other words, the thoughts of others can be applied to others, and in fact all the thoughts that make up us are obtained from others. Then, from now on, I will show you a demonstration of eating out."

Shiina went down the podium and stared at the students.

"All who think of me as a teacher die."

The students groaned. Since Shiina was serious, some students tried to deny it, but in the end it was impossible.

The spirit is not denied. It only changed.

"Sir, this... ... Is it real?"

"do not be surprised. That explains the mechanism. I am not a regular eater."

The dejected voices of the students burst out here and there.

Shiina adjusted her glasses and went up to the church again.

"Of course, in practice it is not so simple. No dieter can kill people by injecting principled concepts. Eating out is also magic in the end. Because the principle of equivalent exchange always holds."

The male student raised his hand.

"But there really could be someone like that, right? The madman who thinks that the previous rule was an equivalent exchange."

"Of course there are possibilities. But magic is a product of reason. A person who is that crazy can't handle magic in the first place, and even if it actually exists, it won't work on you."

"Because it can't even penetrate the mind."

"you're right. Therefore, eating out is subject to considerable restrictions and costs. For example, you could create a rule like this. Anyone who thinks of me as a teacher should use honorifics with me."

"Ah, that's normal."

"that's right. And this is the scary thing about eating out. Just as it is natural for you, eating out makes it natural by injecting your own rules into others. Then how about something like this? Anyone who thinks of me as a teacher falls for me."

"haha! Is that natural?"

The children laughed and laughed. Shiina didn't care and continued her words.

"Anyone who has a crush on me must obey my words unconditionally."

The children's laughter gradually died down.

"Whoever obeys my words must die in front of me."

Silence fell in the classroom.

"This is one of the techniques of eating out: constraints. Extend the rules with some constraints. The part where the logic jumps is connected with omnipotence. That's what happens because you really believe it. So once you get caught, you can't get out."

The sound of swallowing was heard. Is there such a magic in the world? If it were true, it was a wizard I would never want to face.

"But what makes eating out really tricky is the cost, not the restriction. A while ago, I said that you can't kill people with a principled concept, but it's a little different when the price goes into it. Let's do it right now. Those who do not consider me a teacher die."

=======================================
[160] Clay Marsha (4)





Now the students have become serious. Everyone was staring at Shiina.

"But for him to die, he must spend the night with me."

The boys' faces turned red.

"Seo, sir, such an example is a bit... ... ."

"There is no need to be ashamed. Because I would never do anything like that. You get powerful abilities in exchange for betting something you never want to do. It's an equivalent exchange. Revealing the price can also be a price, but the important thing is that the dieter really believes that. It is to inject very personal omniscience into others with omnipotent power."

The students finally realized.

A regular eater was a kind of human being whose way of thinking was completely different from that of ordinary people.

"Just because you learn doesn't mean you can learn. Mental idiosyncrasies expressed as obsessions and biases. Eating out can be said to be the most feared thing for wizards."



This was all Shirone knew about eating out. At the time, I thought I understood, but when I saw it, it was the height of confusion.

Above all, the cause of the sudden disappearance of the Spirit Zone was unknown. Since when? Even if it's triggered at the cost of her constraints, Shirone has never done anything to her.

'No, there is! obviously i... ... .'

Shirone suddenly recalled the situation from before.



-You can kill me.



It was this very moment. A magic spell that only Marsha and herself know.

The moment she uttered those words, Marsha's omnipotence penetrated her mind and activated the rules.

My heart was pounding. I was caught by an outsider. What will happen to you now? Nothing was predictable.

'Let's stay calm. The Spirit Zone is just gone. If I stay alert, I can escape the crisis.'

Eating out is like weighing the value of the possible and the impossible on a scale. Therefore, the price to bear was as great as the eccentricity of the ability.

Perhaps if she had said 'you can kill me', she would have had to endure a defenseless state for quite a long time. If she had attacked then she would have killed Marsha.

But why couldn't he attack? Is it because of Yuna? No, Yuna is safe.

Thoughts are not connected. What the hell is happening to you right now?

'From the beginning. From the moment I met Marsha, she had already fallen into a trap.'

The moment she realized that the whole incident was concocted under Marsha's script, Shirone got goosebumps.

Taking him to the bar, provoking Yuna, and not touching Yuna.

"All for this moment?"

Marsha smiled cheerfully as if she could see through Shirone's thoughts. Seeing his bewilderment drove me mad with joy.

"Ho-ho-ho! Of course it is. Oh, of course, meeting you was by accident. I am a person who makes coincidence inevitable. In any situation, there's nothing wrong with laying the groundwork on. Is this thoroughness my charm?"

Shirone had no choice but to admit it.

I didn't approach it by making myself a target. It was a strategy for everyone I met in my life. With just one small assumption that we might meet again someday.

This meticulousness was the reason Marsha was able to escape the encirclement of the Magic Association.

"Then shall we begin? I don't know what I can do."

Marsha approached Shirone with a relaxed smile. On the other hand, Shirone couldn't help but shrink. Tried teleportation, but it still didn't work.

Obviously, this state of affairs will not last forever. However, the concept of stealing the opponent's mental power was an extremely unfamiliar rule to Shirone.

'Nonsense. Where in the world is this magic?'

Shirone felt the greatest crisis of his life. Marsha's eating out was obviously dangerous. It was because the immortal function itself, which could be called the last bastion, was blocked.

"Ho Ho! I'll take it well, your spirit."

All of the mental power that Shirone was trying to use for teleportation flowed into Marsha. Using that power, Marsha fired the acoustic cannon again.

"Kuk!"

Shirone turned and ran away. It was a shocking sight for a wizard to run with his body in such a situation, but he could have lost his life if he was hit by a sonic cannon while unable to use magic.

"Huh, I'll praise you for throwing away your pride. But the fight is already over. More than caught in my deprivation."

Deprivation of regular meals.

She can steal by disowning others. Among them, the magic she cast on Shirone was called Looting, and it was the ability to steal the spiritual power of the Spirit Zone.

Shirone ran away as far as possible. I had to make time somehow.

It was a calculation that, in terms of equivalent exchange, there must be a time limit if mental strength was taken away just by not obeying the words, 'You can kill me.'

'done!'

As expected, looting was released and mental power returned. As soon as she turned around, Shirone, unable to check the situation behind her, started casting with a wide range.

As if thunder struck in succession, all sides flashed brightly.

The effect of the wide range cast in an open field after making up my mind was beyond my imagination, aside from its efficacy.

"Whee, that's cool. It's really great."

Shirone glared at Marsha. Seeing as he didn't even approach, he must have been looking at people into the water.

In any case, if time was limited, there was no need to fear plunder anymore. Because no fool would fall for the same trick again.

"Goes!"

Shirone cast teleportation and rushed at Marsha. But Marsha was still overflowing with composure. She then murmured as she held out her hand the moment her Shirone entered her own spirit zone.

"Eating out of the rules. seizure."

At the same time, Shirone's teleportation was released. Following inertia, Shirone fell to the floor and slid several meters.

"Keugh! what?"

Again the magic broke. Have you lost your sanity again? However, the Spirit Zone was still maintained.

"uh? uh?"

Shirone couldn't believe it. Such magic cannot exist in the world. He had no idea what had happened to him was real.

Tess, who was watching Shirone's bewildered appearance, turned to Amy and asked.

"what? Did something happen to Shirone?"

"I don't know. The Spirit Zone has not disappeared. But the teleportation was unlocked... ... ."

At that moment, Amy suddenly realized and trembled.

No, no. It should never be. Isn't that too harsh? How much effort did Shirone make to reach that level?

Amy's foreboding became a reality. She muttered in disbelief as Shirone inspected her own body.

"I can't cast magic."

"Whoops, that's it. Extortion from eating out is only possible if you are caught looting. Of course, there are restrictions on seeing the opponent's magic with your own eyes."

Marsha kindly explained with a smile. She never shared any information beyond mocking her, of course.

Shirone shook her head. It didn't make sense. Even if there were such restrictions, taking away the other person's magic unconditionally was absolutely impossible according to the principle of equivalent exchange.

"Wow, such wonderful magic can happen. I'm so glad. Sound magic sucks. Thank you, Shirone. You are such a good little brother."

Spheres of light gathered in front of Marsha's eyes. It was a magic that gave mass to light, a photon cannon.

Shirone hurriedly threw herself to the side. At the same time, a heavy flash hit the spot where Shirone had been.

Fragments of the ground pricked Shirone's face. The feeling of being victimized by his own magic was terrifying.

"Whoa, is this a huge consumption of mental energy? How did you deal with it? It's really great, Shirone."

Shirone jumped up and glared at Marsha.

I couldn't contain my anger this time. No, it was a pity. The bitterness of having all his magic taken away made his body tremble.

"But it's nice. Unlocker's ability."

Marsha, who had a happy expression on her face, even showed off her laser with the intention of intimidating Shirone even more.

Even as she scratched the ground and watched the approaching laser, Shirone could not react. It was because he had even been deprived of teleportation.

At that moment, Amy ran over, grabbed Shirone, and cast teleportation. She also couldn't move long distances because her mental strength was low. Lian and Tess ran and stopped the two.

Marsha watched them mockingly.

The swordsmen were embarrassed and Amy had a hard time even casting teleportation. Furthermore, even Shirone, who was her only hope, was deprived of her magic and turned into an ordinary boy.

"So what did I say? You can't fight me and win."

It was definitely a miserable situation. In particular, the psychological shock that Shirone received was enormous. A normal person would have passed out while cursing at Marsha and crying and screaming.

"Shirone, calm down. The battle isn't over yet."

"But magic, my... ... magic."

Shirone's voice trembled.

Amy understood. If she had been hit, he might have been knocked over by a vase.

To a wizard, magic is everything. Just imagining it gave me goosebumps at the thought of giving it all away to someone else.

"Shirone! wake up! We must keep fighting!"

Shirone stumbled, but stood up.

The thought that I should not give up like a strong mental power was emerging like an instinct. But the heartache was too great.

"How? How are you supposed to fight?"

"Think rationally! Where in the world is magic that can take away magic so easily? According to the equivalent exchange, there must be a huge risk."

Shirone suddenly came to his senses. When he heard it, he was right. He was distracted and didn't notice that his magic had been stolen, but Marsha's robbery can never be activated.

First of all, you have to be robbed. And you have to see the magic you're trying to steal with your own eyes. It is obviously a difficult condition, but Marsha's eating out was overpowered enough to make no sense even with these two restrictions.

Amy desperately persuaded Shirone.

"It was easily stolen, so it can be easily retrieved. No, it should be much easier to find than it was stolen. That's equivalent exchange. So never give up."

"okay. I'll try."

Shirone regained his courage. I didn't come up with any means, but I couldn't just sit there and cry.

"I'm not sure what you mean... ... ."

Lian, who had been listening until now, spoke.

"If you take away what you see with your own eyes, you can use magic you haven't seen, right? It might be the wind cutter magic I showed you at home."

"Oh, I see."

At that moment, an intense thought penetrated Shirone's head. Yes. Strictly speaking, robbing is better than looting for the victim. Because at least the Spirit Zone can be operated.

"yes. I have no choice but to face it with my own body. Thanks, Lian."

Amy whispered as she wrapped her arms around Shirone's waist.

"I'll access you by teleportation. From there, do something with the wind cutter."

Amy cast teleportation with all her might. As the two of them split the air with light at the same time, Marsha also cast teleportation and moved away.

The magic stolen by extortion only implements the opponent's battery as it is, so it was impossible to apply it unless you knew the principle of activation.

That's why even Marsha, who stole Shirone's teleportation, couldn't use the Patrol skill or the Rainbow Drop.

Amy dug into that part tenaciously. Approaching Marsha with her flamboyant movements, she threw her Shirone.

Shirone reached out to Marsha and cast a wind cutter. Since it was magic, not a major, it was difficult to hit without getting close.

However, such a disadvantage rather worked as a blessing for the phone. It was because Marsha spread the distance farther than expected.

'what?'

Marsha's movements were strange. No matter how unfamiliar she was with magic, she could try anything like a photon cannon or a berserker against the wind cutter.

But she chose to back off. It's also very far.

"There are no restrictions on extortion... ... ?"

A possibility popped into Shirone's mind.

=======================================
[161] Clay Marsha (5)





"If you come in contact with someone whose magic has been stolen, will the robbery be lifted?"

The fact that there was no answer from Marsha was enough to convince Shirone that this was the correct answer.

Still, the sense of incongruity remained. If the constraints of extortion were contact, then increasing the distance was somewhat understandable.

However, the problem was that Marsha was in an extremely advantageous situation. She stole a lot of magic using god particles, and on the contrary, she has to fight by relying only on one wind cutter.

Isn't that a good enough situation to fight for? Even so, as if frightened, she moved away more than tens of meters.

Outside the rules... ... .'

Shirone opened his eyes. Everything was now clearly organized in my head.

'found! mental gap. Marsha isn't perfect either.'

When you think about it, it was a simple problem. If you touch it, the extortion is canceled. Who in her world could beat her if she could steal her magic from her opponent simply by her constraints? In the end, there was an additional cost on top of that.

I don't know what price it will cost, but it must have been close to the trauma that created eating out.

'Dietary eaters are beings with mental prejudice. In order to possess such enormous abilities, I have no choice but to risk the trauma of having them in the first place.'

So she can't get close. It's because the odds of having to pay for her have increased enormously at the same time that Shirone has figured out a way to get her extortion revoked.

What she feared was not having her stolen magic taken away again. What was really frightening was the terrible price that occurred at the same time as the extortion was terminated.

'But she must have stolen countless magics. How did you overcome that time?'

The answer to that came quickly. As soon as Shirone found the answer, she immediately attacked Marsha.

It wasn't the time to think. Marsha was dragging her time until reinforcements arrived.

Deprivation of ability obtained at the risk of one's most terrible pain.

As long as there is a risk that Shirone will trigger the cost, Marsha will never fight.

Conversely, if it wasn't for that level of fear, the magic of extortion wouldn't even occur from the start.

Shirone was no longer afraid. There is still plenty of time. He somehow had to capture Marsha before reinforcements arrived.

"Huh!"

Marsha groaned and walked away. Even the slightest distance from her Shirone made her face pale. The playful way of speaking and the charming expressions were no longer visible.

'can do! I can get my magic back!'

Finding a ray of hope, Shirone continued to pursue Marsha. Of course, chasing a wizard who cast teleportation with his feet was close to impossible, but he couldn't stand still in front of a thief who had stolen his life.

"Shirone! Dangerous!"

Hearing Tess' voice, Shirone looked up at the sky. About 10 flashes of light raced through the air with a roar.

Marsha's face finally turned red. On the other hand, Shirone has collapsed to the point of losing even her power to run.

I thought I had enough time. But it was a mistake. The surviving subordinates arrived in an instant using the magic circle.

"Ho-ho-ho! You're finally here. It's over now!"

Around 20 schema users rushed in and surrounded Marsha. It was impossible to penetrate that gap and capture Marsha.

"Shirone... ... ."

Amy bit her lip and swallowed her tears.

Will it really end like this? Shirone may have to give up her dream of becoming a wizard.

'Nonsense. I really liked magic. I worked so hard.'

Shirone looked at Marsha as if she had put everything down. It was the most empty face a human being could make.

"Oh, Shirone? why do you look at me like that Oh, because of the magic? are you okay. Since you are young, you can learn from the beginning again. Of course, the magic I stole won't be usable even if it takes a lifetime."

"You must have stolen the sound magic from someone else too, right?"

"Whoops, that's right, what. You know, I'm a kleptomaniac. You said you understood me at some point, but why are you suddenly so cheesy? Would you willingly give me 50 silver for pottery but still not give me magic? why? Is it really too much of a waste to give magic to someone after pretending to be nice?"

Amy screamed in anger.

"shut up! How can you say that? What did Shirone do to you so badly!"

How could a person do that? Marsha seemed to be thinking of trampling on his life as well as stealing Shirone's magic.

"Ho-ho-ho! that's what it's called There are no good people in the world. I'm disgusted to die pretending to take care of you in front of you while having all sorts of sinister thoughts on the inside!"

Marsha was cursing the world, but in Shirone's ears, it sounded like she was cursing at only one person.

It was her father.

Marsha was brought in as an orphan and raised until she was seventeen. But how disappointed she must have been when she realized that those long years had been the result of her ugly desires.

That's why eating out is scary. This is because the manifestation of ability itself is based on human trauma.

For an ordinary wizard, omnipotence is the power to reinforce the battery. However, regular eaters distort the battery with their omnipotence.

'Because it's so painful, even the thought is distorted. That's eating out.'

That twisted humanity is embodied in the world by borrowing the power of magic. Now it seemed like I knew why the Magic Association didn't recognize eating out as magic.

"Your sister is a pitiful person."

Power entered Marsha's eyes. Who the hell is pitying whom?

Shirone, who pretended to embrace the whole world and was robbed of her magic, was a pitiful human being.

"huh! Is it now an excuse? on the subject of trying to kill. Do you think I will look after you?"

"Actually, I don't even know anymore. How painfully my sister lived."

"Ho Ho! You finally admit it! Got it now? No one understands the pain of others! That's human nature! There are only bad people in the world."

"therefore... ... I will go to my sister from now on."

Marsha's heart sank. can't come here Because he has 20 subordinates protecting him.

"Maybe my sister is right. Maybe it was a pretense. But I still believe that there is a way to share the pain. If your sister really shows her hurt. So I want you to show me I have to see her real pain, not lies."

"Don't talk nonsense. Who is sympathetic to the likes of you?"

"I will break the shell that imprisons my sister. And I'll check it myself. How festering your sister's wounds are."

"Do not come! Do not come!"

Marsha shouted with a terrified expression. Even if only her feathers were down, it was a painful wound that made her scream. But will she open the wound? She's not even going to dig it with her hands?

"In return, I promise to never give up on you. No matter how painful it is, I will embrace it all."

The moment Shirone finished speaking, his subordinates drew swords and blocked Marsha's way.

"Never let them come! Cut your throat."

While staring at the enemies standing like a net, Shirone turned her head and called Lian.

"Lian, stay by my side."

Lian, who was the most injured among the four, was in a state of difficulty moving. But he got up without a murmur and threw his straight sword over his shoulder.

Tess came running after Lian.

"wait for a sec! I'll do it. Because I was less hurt than Lian."

"It's okay, Tess. This is what my lord ordered me to do."

"But with a body like this... ... ."

Shirone turned to Tess and shook her head.

"Tess, the only one standing by my side has to be Lian. Because I can never ask another person to see blood."

"Blood, see blood?"

Shirone slowly moved forward and spoke to Lian.

"Lian, cut down all the people who challenge me."

Lian did not understand Shirone's words. He has been deprived of magic and is in a state where he has difficulty even walking. As it is, if he went into the enemy camp, the only thing waiting for him would be death.

"great. Leave it to me."

However, Lian obediently followed Shirone and moved on. Black does not judge. If the master ordered it, he had only to risk his life to do it.

Marsha couldn't contain her anger.

You want to check your wounds? You want to share the pain? It was bullshit, bullshit.

Shirone is just teasing her tongue, doing whatever it takes to get her magic back.

that's human No matter how much you pretend to be kind, in the end, it is human beings who only try to satisfy their own greed.

"Kill! Kill that kid right now!"

At the same time as Marsha's cry, 20 of his subordinates jumped out at the same time. Reinforced by the schema of the schema, they closed the distance in an instant and raised their ugly swords upwards.

Lian firmly gripped the handle of the straight sword. He didn't know how long he could hold out, but he intended to keep going even if his throat was cut off.

The swordsman who was running in the lead jumped up and lowered his longsword toward the crown of Shirone's head. At the same time, Lian also gritted his teeth and prepared to swing his sword.

But at that moment, the swordsman's body suddenly turned into light and soared into the sky.

The noise of the sharp movement of space cut through the heavens.

Marsha stared blankly at the sight. The same was true of Amy and Tess, who were watching nervously from the other side.

"What are you doing! Attack everyone! We will definitely win!"

At the command of the leader, three prosecutors launched simultaneous attacks. However, before they could even swing their swords at Shirone, they turned into light and flew away into the air.

Marsha's lips trembled.

Shirone is approaching. With every step he took, his men roared and flew away.

'what? What the hell is going on?'

The only one who understood the current situation was Amy, the magician. But even she was trembling in her voice.

"Awesome. I knew that my magical senses were incredibly good, but I never thought it would be this much."

Since when did Shirone predict this moment?

Ever since Marsha's men came? Ever since you realized the constraints of extortion? No, it was probably from when I heard about the wind cutter from Lian.

"What is it, Amy? What is Shirone doing now?"

"That is magic. Slow magic that slows down time."

It is impossible for anyone other than Shirone to combine a theory that has remained only in omnipotence with omnipotence. To be honest, I didn't expect Amy to make it this far.

That's why Marsha couldn't have expected it either. Shirone's insight, which had lost its power due to being swept away by all sorts of lies and conspiracies, eventually surfaced and swallowed up Marsha's calculations.

"Slow? Is that a slow?"

Tess looked ahead again. From the outside, he couldn't feel much of a change. The moment the enemies approached Shirone, without exception, all they had to do was fly away with a roar.

However, the view of Lian, who belonged to the spirit zone of Shirone, was different.

The moment someone entered Shirone's spirit zone, his body flashed with light and began to move slowly enough to be boring.

Those who have reached sub-light speed can distort John's time. Of course, it wasn't the stage where time was extremely slowed down like Alpheas, but the level of time relativity more than doubled was enough even at Shirone's level.

'what? Can I cut it?'

Lian prepared to swing her sword at the slowly approaching enemy. The eyes of the enemy were terrified. At this rate, he could not escape death. In the end, he left his place through the space-shifting magic on his bracelet.

When the enemy ran away before they could deal with it, Lian snorted as if he was blushing and followed Shirone again.

Meowing! Meowing! Meowing!

The sound unique to space movement could be heard non-stop. Now, there were only three subordinates standing in front of Marsha. But even they left their seats as Shirone approached.

Alone again, Marsha trembled with a pale face. Only her terrifying visions were replaying.

"Do not come! If you come, you will die! If I die, I can never get my magic back!"

=======================================
[162] Clay Marsha (6)





"I don't even know anymore. What kind of person is your sister? Why is everything a lie? What can you gain by deceiving people like that?"

"Why should I tell you? You're trying to use me anyway! If it's really for me, leave it like this! Then I'll trust you! huh? Really! So just go!"

"You ask what the hell is real!"

Marsha's shoulders jumped up at Shirone's remark.

"Don't just say it hurts, tell me where and how it hurts! That won't decide if I leave or not! Because you paint the world with all sorts of lies... ... ."

Shirone, who came close to Marsha, raised her fist and shouted.

"You can't really see how sick your sister is!"

At that moment, a strong voice was heard from behind.

"Marsha! No eh eh!"

Amy and Tess looked back. Freeman, his eyes widened, was galloping toward Shirone at breakneck speed.

"Nonsense! I must have been hit directly in the face."

Amy was startled as if she had seen a ghost. Although she was shocked by the impact of the flame strike, she couldn't come back alive with her face burned.

"I know who will let them pass... ... !"

The moment Tess got in his way, Freeman jumped up. With his tremendous leaping power, he easily surpassed Tess's height, took out his gun and flew at Shirone.

Lian turned and swung a straight sword at Freeman. His muscles were sore, but all efforts were wasted if he missed Freeman here.

"Aaaaaaaaa!"

Freeman was also under the slow magic without exception. It was a self-evident fact that Lian's sword would have two sides.

But he didn't back down. We must protect Marsha. He had to somehow keep Marsha away from Shirone.

At that moment, both Lian and Freeman stopped in motion, looking equally shocked. Lian's sword did not cut Freeman, and Freeman did not reach Shirone either.

It was because Shirone, who had sensed the situation behind him, suddenly let go of Slo.

The fact that the same effect can be expected for both on and off modes was an advantage that only time magic had.

Meanwhile, Shirone's fist was swinging in a huge trajectory.

Marsha could only watch. The fist of a cruel boy who comes to break everything of her own.

Shirone's fist hit Marsha's face. Marsha, who turned her head, collapsed on the spot as if in shock.

"Hey, Marsha."

Freeman's face went pale. Marsha also couldn't accept the reality. Staring at the ground with a stunned expression, she looked as if she had already died.

Shirone realized that the magic had returned. On the other hand, Marsha's mind no longer contained any magic.

"Marsha... ... ."

Freeman approached with a sad expression. The subordinates who returned from the space movement magic circle appeared behind the building. But no one was coming close.

Marsha is down. Because I know what it means.

"It's fine?"

Freeman's voice was quiet as he asked Marsha. His jaw twitched so much that he could see his teeth clenched.

"Yeah, it's okay."

Marsha tried to smile. In the face of the fact that can never be changed, do humans become aloof?

He was smiling, but most of his emotions were volatilized. It was as if the soul had gone out and only the shell remained.

Amy had no intention of sympathizing. She was none other than Shirone's life, and she was the one who tried to destroy it.

"It's self-employed! Hopefully it won't end like this. The ability to steal the opponent's magic, there must be a price waiting for you, right?"

Marsha was not angry. That's what equivalent exchange is. If you didn't make up your mind to become like this, the magic wouldn't even activate from the beginning.

"Yes, the condition for canceling the extortion is to touch my body. Then the magic will return. And the cost of that... ... I am telling him this."

Marsha turned to where Shirone was standing and sat down. She then opened her mouth with a terrified expression on her face.

"You can hug me."

Tess frowned in embarrassment.

"What, what?"

To bet something like this because there was nothing to bet in return. What kind of woman could be so frivolous?

But Shirone knew. Extortion is an ability that can never be obtained without risking a price equivalent to death.

The spell that had to kill her adoptive father that night was a reenactment of memories she would rather not die than recall.

Lian, who had finally guessed the situation, said in displeasure.

"What the hell is this for? There's no way Shirone would do something like that. What if Shirone refuses?"

said Freeman.

"Then Marsha dies. Her life will be lost the moment he refuses, according to his own rules."

When the word of death came out, Tess waved her hands in a hurry, as if the words were getting tangled.

"Isn't that something you can't do? Where the hell is this law? Amy, say something too. Doesn't this make sense? Is not it?"

"Don't ask me. It's for Shirone to decide."

Amy's heart was disturbed as well. Shirone is not one to hurt a woman in this way. However, she did not know what kind of responsibility she felt when her life was in her hands.

"Okay. Because I think it's better to live than to die. I'll make you pay for it myself."

Shirone made her decision and walked towards Marsha. This time, Amy couldn't help but feel her heart pounding.

Freeman, who had been silent, suddenly interrupted Shirone. Unknowingly, his body moved. He was a pure love that could not be helped.

But in the end, he had no choice but to leave.

"request. Save Marsha."

Marsha closed her eyes and waited. She shuddered as if she were stepping on an operating table for the first time, but at the same time she wondered if this was all she had to do.

damn trauma. Even if he wanted to cut it out, he could not help but feel like he would be relieved if someone ironed out the memory like an enemy that he couldn't help but feel refreshed.

"I'm sorry, Freeman."

Marsha was the first to say sorry. Freeman, knowing what he meant, backed off with her head down.

Shirone approached Marsha's side.

Trauma is dangerous because it holds both the present and the future to events in the past. Perhaps she hadn't lived a future since that day.

"Can we go to a place where the two of us are alone? Please."

"You don't have to. Enough here too."

Marsha opened her eyes and looked at Shirone's expression. But he was still calm.

What are you thinking? He did not even know that he was planning to kill him while risking his life to torture his hopes.

'but... ... I've done that.'

He robbed magic and raised countless medicines. Perhaps Shirone had experienced the end of his life. I could understand the desire to relieve his anger in this way.

Shirone supported Marsha's back and pulled her upper body. She did as she was told. No matter what she asked for, she would only pay a higher price.

Holding Marsha's face in her chest, Shirone whispered in her ear in a small voice.

"I hugged you."

Marsha just blinked. Then she realized what Shirone was thinking and frowned.

What kind of child's play is this?

"What are you doing?"

"I hugged my sister. I want a hug."

"Don't play around. Do you think it will end like this? Are you mocking me?"

"I told you, I will never give up."

"Let go! I don't want cheap sympathy! Do you think you look great this way? Just hug me! You're mad at me! Revenge as much as you want!"

According to the master's rules, Marsha could not harm Shirone. But even if she struggled, Shirone had no intention of letting go.

"You bastard! A lump of pretense! A piece of trash!"

"Your sister is a good person."

Shirone said while stroking Marsha's hair.

"Your sister is different from Arcane. You can tell just by looking at how many people follow. Even if it's false, then that's it. No one knows what other people are thinking, even if it's not my sister. I mean I don't know just believe and live Even if no one trusts you, you can trust yourself. If you truly love someone, there must be people in the world who love you with the same heart."

"no! It can't be! what do you know What do you know, you say such a thing!"

Marsha, dedicated to evil, denied Shirone's words. But when she realized that her tears were running down her cheeks, she stopped her words in surprise.

Even now, my heart is not sad at all. But why are the tears flowing?

"uh? Come on? Why are the tears suddenly... ... ."

How tightly closed was it that tears flowed first before emotions could be opened?

But not anymore. As her memories, which she had left in her lockdown, came into consciousness, Marsha finally came face to face with her own trauma for the first time.

It was one day when I was 17 years old.

Marsha, who was lying on the floor and staring at the ceiling, was approaching Marsha, smelling of alcohol.

Always the same situation, always the same violence.

Marsha was conscious of the dagger hidden behind her back. The cold touch seemed to freeze my skin.

"You can hug me."

The adoptive father raised his eyes as if in shock.

Marsha still vividly remembered the monstrous feelings that filled her adoptive father's pupils.

Marsha grabbed the dagger. he was coming He was in a situation where he had no choice but to stab.

But at this moment, the father she imagined was different from the father she remembered.

Raising her upper body, her father buried her face in her chest and gently stroked her back.

"I'm sorry so far, Marsha. you are my daughter."

The word I wanted to hear the most in the world.

The moment I remembered that one word, the door to my heart that had been closed was completely opened. Emotions that had been suppressed for 10 years burst out and I couldn't control my tears.

"Black! Whoops!"

Marsha, embraced by Shirone, burst into tears.

"Aww! Dad! Daddy!"

Shirone didn't say anything. She was just stroking her back.

"Dad! why did you do that! Sorry! I'm sorry, Dad!"

The truth is, I wanted to hug him like this. No matter how violent he was, he hoped that the man who had taken him in as an orphan would remain his father to the end.

"It's okay, sister. It's fine now."

Marsha's past was breaking. It was reconstructed as a little bit harder memory and was turning into hope to live in the future.

"Aaaaaagh! Dad! Dad... ... !"

Freeman checked the time.

It was time for her rules to be applied already. But Marsha was still alive.

"What happened? What's the situation?"

Only the two of them should have known what the feelings that had passed between Marsha and Shirone were. Therefore, others were still on their guard.

Freeman explained.

"The extortion has been lifted. Shirone has undone her magic."

"Nonsense. It's okay to hug me, but did you really mean that it would end if I just hugged you? Where is the price for that?"

Freeman hesitated to answer. It was natural for Amy, who had no context in her heart, to think so.

However, if you look deeper, it is not a matter of language.

Shirone opened Marsha's closed heart. She's shattered the shell she'd surrounded herself with by eating out on her diet and gave her a new path.

"Shirone didn't cancel the robbery. He canceled Marsha's power by canceling the condition itself for extortion. Marsha's deprivation doesn't exist anymore."

Freeman smiled bitterly. Maybe it didn't matter what Marsha's real pain was to Shirone. From the beginning, he had intended to embrace everything.

'I couldn't... ... . It's our complete defeat.'

"Aww! Aww!"

Marsha's tears showed no signs of drying. She knows her too. The fact that the door may not open again if it is not today.

Numerous memories of living in the past were sinking into the abyss in 10 years.

late lunch (1)





20 minutes passed after the battle.

The men of the Parrot Mercenary Corps sat down to rest and treated the injured area according to Liando Tess' first aid.

Meanwhile, Marsha was still in Shirone's arms.

There were no more tears. But she was enjoying her afterglow as her body trembled intermittently.

=======================================
[163] Late Lunch (2)





"Whoa, whoa."

Amy, who had been watching him for a long time, shouted as if she couldn't stand it any longer.

"Hey! Can't you just step aside? The red and white chapters are also oily, so others will think that we are the gangsters and that you are the victims."

Marsha, who turned her gaze to Amy, pouted her lips as if setting her on fire, digging deeper into Shirone's chest.

Amy heard her patience snap.

"Because I really want to see you, this woman!"

Freeman interrupted Marsha and asked.

"Leave it alone. You must be tired from crying."

Amy looked at Freeman in bewilderment and pointed at him.

"Aren't you mistaken about something too? Do you know how much we have suffered because of you? It's a shame that we won, Shirone's life was almost over!"

That was what really upset Amy. Is it enough if the results are good? If Shirone hadn't overcome today's crisis, what would have happened after that would have been horrifying to imagine.

It felt like Shirone's heart was deprived of magic, but Amy, who had to watch it, came back alive from hell.

"sorry. All of the crimes I committed while working as a gang of parrot thieves were my orders. Marsha only faced off against the Association's pursuers. But if he says even that is a sin... ... ."

Amy asked, crossing her arms.

"if?"

"I will take responsibility for her life."

Marsha, who was being embraced by Shirone, jumped up. She and she stormed over and kicked Freeman in the ass.

"You are laughing! Does anyone have anything to stop the confusion? I don't need someone like you!"

Although he was a staggered Freeman, he still stood there like an old tree. Marsha's angst was from an early age.

"Sister Marsha."

Hearing Shirone's voice, Marsha's shoulders trembled. She didn't have the courage to look behind her. The reason she took her anger out on Freeman was because she was afraid of this situation. Eventually, she couldn't turn her body around and spoke her words out.

"there... ... I'm sorry about this Of course it won't be forgiven."

"that's right. My sister can't forgive me."

Marsha turned around with a surprised expression. Shirone's eyes were cold. The image of her caressing her wounds just before had disappeared without a trace.

"You kidnapped and used the girl for whatever reason. It's something you should never do."

Marsha couldn't resist and lowered her head. She has never bullied the weak in her life. She did but she didn't want to make excuses. It was because she was the one who suffered the most when she kidnapped Yuna.

"Yes, I guess. Come to think of it, he was the villain of the world."

"that's right. My older sister is the world's villain."

Shirone said without hesitation. Come to think of it, that was his personality. The reason why there is no turmoil when dealing with someone sincerely is because his disposition itself is good, not because he likes to mislead the truth or like perjury.

"I will go. I hope my sister gets through it well. And... ... I hope I never see you again."

Shirone turned around and walked away without regret. Sympathizing with and understanding Marsha was all he could do.

"Wrong!"

At that moment, Marsha mustered up the courage to shout. Shirone did not make any judgment about this incident.

It was the same as stealing pottery from the market. So she had no choice but to approach him first.

"What if I leave like that? I'm just starting At least give us a promise to meet again!"

Shirone, who had been standing there for a long time, turned around. Because her eyes were still fierce, Marsha was nervous like a prisoner waiting for her sentence.

"If you really think I did something wrong, I apologize to Yuna. I also wish her wrongdoing, saying sorry to Jess, her brother. We have to compensate for all the damage her brother and sister suffered."

"of course! Actually, I hate this too. I won't make excuses, but I will ask for forgiveness from the two of you separately."

"Even so, that doesn't make the wrongdoing go away. I will never forgive my sister for what she did."

Marsha's shoulders drooped. Tears welled up in her crotch and seemed to fall down her crotch at any moment.

"But if you really choose to live a new life, you can forget the past."

Marsha hurriedly raised her head. She cried like a child and she was hugged by Shirone.

"Aww! It's my fault!"

Shirone could not soothe the crying Marsha in her arms. In fact, it was the first choice I made in my life.

Some people have a harder life than others. Not everyone in the world can fight with their convictions.

So, Shirone decided to try to forgive her.

If she was the point where her change began, he thought he would at least have the responsibility to watch it.

'Clay Marsha... ... .'

Is that why? Shirone suddenly realized.

The fact that Marsha, who seemed strong and frightening, was actually a woman small enough to hold in her arms.



* * *



Marsha took Shirone and the others to the building. As it was the place where the two wizards had a confrontation, not a single piece of equipment remained intact.

The friends could guess how much Shirone had struggled to the death.

"Let's go to the second floor. I fought and I was hungry. I'll get you some food. The workmanship is not good."

At least the second floor was in good condition. A few flower pots were broken on the floor.

Shirone and the others waited for the food to be served.

Yuna was also sitting in her seat. Her complexion improved, unlike the first time, as if her tension had been relieved.

I left at dawn and didn't eat a single meal until the sun went down. She wasn't hungry enough to wait for food, so Marsha served her a soup and bread that she could eat right away.

As soon as the food came out, I filled my stomach without hesitation. Lian's injuries weren't enough to eat, but she seemed to have eaten the most of the group.

"Can't we eat out now?"

The part that impressed Shirone the most in this battle was, of course, eating out of the rules. It might not be as much as Unlocker, but it was clear that it was a rare trait in the wizarding world.

"No, it's not like that. Of course, deprivation is impossible, but in fact, wounds engraved in the heart are not so easily healed. It will be transformed in some way."

"okay. Mmm."

When Shirone blurted out his words, Marsha, who was quick-witted, said with a bright smile.

"Do not worry about it. I won't make such evil magic anymore. The rules can be changed to some extent."

Shirone nodded with a surprised expression. This was also practical information that could not be learned at school.

"Then, do you have any rules in mind?"

"I don't have anything yet. Let's see... ... Shall we go to a magic school and develop magic to bewitch handsome men with blonde hair?"

Shirone smiled anxiously. He suffered from the eccentricity of a regular eater, and he could not pass it off as a joke.

Receiving Amy's stinging glare, Marsha shook her hand and reassured her.

"Whoops, don't worry. It's not Shirone."

"Hoo? okay? Then who are you?"

"there is. He goes to magic school, has blonde hair, and is a handsome guy."

Amy stopped talking. It was futile for her to have an argument with a regular outsider who looked at the world the way she thought.

Freeman put down his spoon and spoke earnestly.

"How about a magic trick to flirt with a man without eyebrows?"

"Pooh!"

Marsha put the soup in her mouth back onto her plate and threw it away. I didn't expect her to say such shameless words in a place like this.

"What nonsense are you talking about? How are you really?"

"what's the matter? Didn't say a word about me."

"Is there anyone else in the world without eyebrows besides you and the monkey?"

"A monkey is not a human."

"no! I mean you're a monkey! Look at that, did you lose? Like a pathetic coward. How many times have I told you not to ride the reverse technique tree? yes? hem?"

Marcia stabbed Freeman in the temple with a fork.

As Amy watched the scene, something suddenly came to mind. Certainly, it was strange that Freeman remained unharmed after taking a direct hit from his own flame strike.

'Reverse technique tree?'

Those who train schema build up by overlapping several schemas. The most basic build was placed on the bottom, and the build selected as an option went on top.

Reversing it in an instant was the reverse build.

Scheme users call this 'reversal', and it could be said that it was a defensive build that was chosen only when life was in danger.

Gunners whose vitality is mobility and accuracy are usually based on sensory or neural strengthening.

Therefore, regenerative builds related to defensive abilities or cell activation builds have no choice but to be placed relatively in the options.

Freeman was also a gunner, so it wouldn't be that different.

But if you listen to Marsha, he fought with a defensive build from the beginning, that is, a reversal build.

If so, it makes sense that even though his face was burned by the flame strike, he was fine.

'but... ... . The speed at the end when he saved Marsha was amazing.'

Perhaps that was the movement as an unreversed gunner. As soon as I thought that, my anger rose.

Freeman said, conscious of Amy's feelings.

"If it wasn't for the reversal, the opponent would have come up with a different strategy. There is no strong or weak. I just do it according to the situation, and courage is part of my ability. Amy was stronger than me. That's all."

Marsha put her chin on her chin and burst out laughing. Let's sell cowardly eyebrows Freeman now knows how to say something quite manly.

After being praised by the enemy, Amy felt embarrassed for nothing.

"No, what... ... The uncle was also great."

"Thank you. but i'm not a man I am the same age as Marsha."

"So what? Hey, even if you're the same age, you're still a man to me, right?"

Freeman hung his head sullenly and went back to breaking the bread. The question of why Shirone called Marsha 'sister' rose to her throat, but being a timid person, she couldn't bring it out.

After the flirtatious atmosphere passed, Marsha corrected her expression again and said seriously.

"Anyway, Shirone, if you aim to become a mage too, you better be wary of eating out. Actually, it's funny that I even say that."

"No. I want to know. Please tell me more."

"Hmm, actually, the deprivation I used isn't very effective magic. Although stealing the opponent's magic is itself an overpower, it's just a challenge to the possibilities, and it's not an effective way to fight."

It seemed to Shirone that if she risked her life to gain some ability, she wouldn't choose to deprive it.

It's because there are too many restrictions on itself to extort the ability of others.

"I am a little unusual. Of course, most of the regular eaters are unusual, but it wasn't magic that was created with combat in mind from the beginning. Other eat-out eaters will use the eat-out diet, which is much more effective and more applicable than I am."

"okay. I have to say it now, but it was really creepy when I fought with my sister. I didn't know there was a way to block the immortal function."

"Huh, sorry about that. But you're right. Nothing is impossible in the world of magic. There are no absolutes. You were able to defeat me because you saw through my weaknesses, right?"

"Yes. If the initiation of eating out itself was due to trauma, I thought that if we persistently attacked that trauma, variables could arise."

"That's right. In other words, it's a logic battle between constraints and costs. When dealing with regular eaters, it's more important to quickly grasp the magic equipment they use than fighting power. Of course, if it's you, I think you'll do well enough."

"No. I learned a lot this time."

Shirone replied sincerely. It was a battle that realized that the world is wide and there are many outstanding people.

=======================================
[164] Late Lunch (3)





"Ah, anyway, I didn't expect a day like today to come. Wouldn't I be able to live a slightly different life now?"

The wound hadn't healed, but at least it was clear that the shell had been broken. All that was left was to pioneer a life while vividly feeling the pain of the past.

"What are you going to do next? From what I hear, there seems to be a pursuer."

said Freeman.

"We are leaving. I started as a mercenary, so I have to live as a mercenary. His men will want it too. Of course, in this country, I was thrown into a group of thieves."

Marsha's eyes were filled with sadness. Mercenaries are fighting beings. She was also prepared to die at any moment, so she could laugh at the deaths of her comrades in her heart.

I've never fought for a cause or shallow justice. However, he was always confident and did not avoid enemies who came to fight.

Marsha wanted to at least give them the title of brave warriors. In this way, he thought, he should not be buried in a grave wearing a bandit's badge.

Understanding Marsha's feelings, Tess offered words of comfort.

"Actually, there is only one difference between a thief and a mercenary. In a sense, there is a difference between a knight and a mercenary. They are buried fighting for their beliefs. The politically weeded out side will become evil, but I think the whole situation may turn around someday."

Lian thought the same thing. I don't know about Nena or Eimi, but if she wants to be a knight, she should be prepared for it.

"There was a time when our family was threatened. I mean stay neutral. Come to think of it, Tess and your father must be having a hard time too."

"Yeah, what. My father is a hero here, but in the colony he is treated like an aggressor. After all, that's it. That's what politicians are."

Marsha smiled. She knew that Lian and Tess had been telling it on purpose for her sake.

She still doubts the world, but now she has come to believe that there are true people.

'These are warm children. They're Shirone's friends.'

Marsha collapsed with her chin on the table like a lazy cat. Infatuated with her long-awaited peace, she raised her sword and pointed at Shirone.

"But what are you going to do? Are you going to travel hard in the future?"

"Ah, we are going to Kergo Ruins."

"Kergoo? What do young men and women do when they go there?"

"That's actually... ... ."

Shirone explained why they came to the island. Marsha, who was listening with interest, nodded her head in surprise.

"Oh, the ruins had such a secret. Actually, I was away from the island, so I didn't know the details. Freeman, did you know?"

"To some extent. Because I heard stories from the natives."

"Hmm, that's right. So you're saying you want to enter the Kergo Autonomous District?"

"Yes. But the difficulty of the room of achievement and sacrifice is so high that I don't know if I can pass it."

"Is there anything you can do if you can't get in?"

"Perhaps. I have one thing in mind, but I'm not sure."

said Freeman, who had heard that far.

"If that is the case, we can help."

"Yes? A room of achievement and sacrifice?"

"No, you can enter the autonomous district without having to go through it. It seems that Falcoa traded loops with them. I'll let you in if you show me the pass from the Freeman organization. After all, he was a pretty capable guy."

Shirone and the others put on a blank expression. It was the first time he had been told that he could enter the Aboriginal Territory without taking an exam.

Amy tilted her head and asked.

"If that happens, isn't the aisle different? If there are two routes from the beginning, there is no need to create a gateway to the test, right?"

"I don't know about that. What is clear is that the destination for both routes is the same. This is a fact that has already been confirmed by those who have passed through the gates of the test."

Hearing this, even Shirone was puzzled. He expected that if he passed at least the gates of the test, he would be sent to another area.

"It is the same place, but one must pass the test. Why are you doing that?"

said Tess.

"I don't know. maybe it's a tradition The older the culture, the more it remains. Another assumption could be to avoid people's suspicions."

"What does that help?

"It gives the impression that there is nothing special about the autonomous district. In fact, aren't we also in a state of low expectations for the room of achievement and sacrifice after hearing the story?"

Freeman finished.

"Anyway, you'll have to check it yourself. If necessary, we can make a pass for you. It will be possible right now."

"Yes, please."

Shirone decided to accept it for now. I haven't decided which route I'll take yet, but the more ways I can access the Aboriginal Territory, the better.

Freeman, who called his subordinates and instructed them to cut off the pass, spoke again to Shirone and the others.

"Going in. No problem, but we need someone who can speak the native language. There are none among our subordinates."

"what? So how did Falcoa get the deal?"

"Since entering the island, Falcoa has built its own power. Strictly speaking, the existing mercenaries did not suit him. Of course, now that Falcoa is dead, his private organization will collapse, but at the time, he seems to have hung out with the traffickers there often. It seems that there was a translator among them."

"Hmm, then we should get an interpreter too."

Yuna quietly raised her hand.

"Hey, I don't know if I can say this... ... ."

"yes? are you okay. You can say anything."

"Actually, my brother knows how to play Kergore a little bit."

Amy showed interest.

"Oh my, Jess? How did you learn?"

"Ever since I was young, my brother has done many jobs to take care of me. Before he became a portman, he also did part-time tourism jobs. I think he learned then."

said Freeman.

"Good. Then ask Jess for a favor. We'd love to help, but it's dangerous to stay on the island now that Marsha is back. Because the Magic Association is still chasing us."

Shirone also nodded meekly. Because she did not want to burden Marsha any longer, who was being pursued at the national level.

That's how the story came to an end, and Shirone and the others left the building before the sun went down.

Marsha fitted them with a teleportation bracelet.

How to use it was simple. Since the bracelet also has its own spirit zone, it was enough to recall the coordinates as if casting magic.

Shirone looked at the bracelet Marsha had filled.

People use it without thinking, but linking a magic weapon and a magic circle was a truly bizarre idea.

A technique that is impossible without connecting two Spirit Zones that are separated from each other in different spaces.

This can also be thought of as the appearance of the spot Marsha showed when looking at it from the outside.

In other words, the person in the spot will see only one hole in the space, but on the contrary, the person from the outside will find two spots, an entrance and an exit.

'The labyrinth of time and space. Maybe this world has already entered into a huge secret.'

At first, I thought it was a special incident that happened to me. However, she found out that she was a disciple of Alfeas.

When I went further, I even found out that it had something to do with the Kergo ruins.

In addition, space-time magic was still being grafted onto magical weapons somewhere and spreading to all parts of the world.

Shirone suddenly felt a sense of fear. She might be trying to find out, as the headmaster said, something she should never know.

While Shirone was deep in thought, Marsha approached and asked for one last thing.

"A carriage will be waiting at the bottom of the mountain. Maybe we can see one more before we leave, but be careful anyway. And when you go back, be sure to find a recovery mage and get him cured."

"OK. Thank you for caring."

"Ho Ho! What are you talking about, between us?"

Marsha covered her mouth and hit Shirone on the arm. She no longer had to hide herself, but she was no different from how she had been when we first met. Perhaps she lived by exposing herself with her shield of lies.

"I will go. If you can't see it on the island, please contact the magic school."

"don't worry. Clay Marsha can find you anytime, anywhere."

Marsha rolled up her arms and said bravely. She was, of course, someone who knew how to make someone's heart happy.

Beside her, Freeman was assisting. It seems that one side is treated too superior to be her friend, but in a way, I thought that this composition suits her well.

When Shirone entered the forest, Marsha, who had been standing there for a long time, asked.

"Kergo Ruins. Will it be okay?"

"maybe... ... It won't be okay."

Marsha frowned and looked back at Freeman. But Freeman, as always, had something to say calmly.

"But I will overcome. Because they are strong children."

Marsha looked up at the sky with a sad smile. The noise of spatial movement born in the forest split the sky.

Dangerous Deal (1)





It was already evening when Shirone and the others rode the carriage back to the villa.

Jis, who had been walking around the living room with a sore body, looked back as soon as the door opened.

"iced coffee... ... ."

Tears welled up in Jess' eyes. Her sister Yuna, the only one in her world, came safely to her villa without a single wound on her.

"brother!"

"It's Yuna!"

Jess smiled and hugged Yuna. The siblings hugged each other and burst into tears.

It was a very difficult ordeal for them. It was so strong that even Shirone, who could not be defeated by anyone in terms of strength of mind, had more than once or twice wanted to kneel.

Having been harmed by such people, I could feel once again how desolate and frustrated Jis and Yuna were.

"It's fine? Are you hurt anywhere?"

"yes. I'm okay. My brothers and sisters saved me. Brother, what is this like? How hurt is he that he is bandaged up?"

"I'm okay. If you come back, it won't hurt at all."

In fact, even walking was difficult for Jess. But he couldn't express himself to Yuna. Because the fear Yuna must have felt was many times greater than the pain she suffered.

Jess looked back at Shirone and the others with moved eyes. And he lowered his head so much that his sincerity overflowed.

"thanks! Thank you so much! I will never forget this favor."

Tess patted Jess on the shoulder as if it were okay. She had heard stories from Freeman, so it was only later that she showed condescension.

"Ho Ho! You can forget about this. If only you'd remember what I said when we left. If you really appreciate it, you should show it with your actions from now on, right?"

"yes? What are you talking about?"

Jess, unable to understand Tess' words, blinked. Not only Shirone and the others, but even Yuna was looking at her smiling.



* * *



Jis, who left the room after putting the tired Yuna to sleep, returned to the table. Sipping herbal tea, he resumed his paused talk.

"So, you enter the autonomous district through Kergo Ruins, right? That's why you need an interpreter."

"yes. After listening to Yuna, she said you could do it? I want to know what level it is."

"As long as it's about everyday conversation, there's no problem. I can guide you. Hmm, but entering the Aboriginal Territory means... ... ."

Jess made a subtle expression and stroked his chin.

"what's the matter? You don't look good, is there anything that catches you?"

"no it's okay. I'll guide you anyway. I don't know why I'm going there, but it's a special place. It's not that it's secret, it's an area strictly controlled by the Galliant government. Will you be okay though?"

=======================================
[165] Dangerous Transactions (2)





"yes? Is the government controlling access? But the Galliant government and the Aboriginal Autonomous District have different administrative bodies. If we say we will go in unconditionally, isn't it inevitable?"

"Of course you do. It's just nominal control. But I think there must be a reason for blocking it that far. I'm sorry if I sounded useless."

"no it's okay. because we didn't even know But my intention to go remains unchanged. Of course, Jis, if you guide me."

"of course! Wouldn't it be Jis as a guide?"

Jis, who confidently punched his chest, gasped in pain. It took a while for his pain to subside before he spoke again.

"Well, by the way, I don't know if I'll be able to walk around properly with my physical condition like this."

"Don't worry about that. Tomorrow, I'm going to visit the recovery wizard Mr. Freeman introduced me to. Most traumas can be fixed by going there."

"Whoa, a recovery wizard? It must be very expensive to treat it?"

Jess opened his eyes wide in surprise, and Amy looked at him mischievously and said,

"It will be cheaper than the cost of the guide you suggested."

Jess scratched his head. He argued like that, and he could tell how much he was trying to rip off his skin.

"Haha, what happened all of a sudden? Take the past."

Shirone buried herself in the soft sofa.

"Anyway, you'd better take a break today. Mental strength will recover after sleeping, but Lian and Tess will be inconvenient until they receive the recovery magic."

"yes? no i'm fine Because the wounds are already healed."

At Tess' words, everyone in the group turned to her. Clearly, the gum scars on her cheeks and arms had healed.

"Whoa, how did you do it? Is it similar to what Mr. Freeman did?"

"yes. I took the second schema as mitochondria."

"Mitochondria?"

"It is a cellular organ that produces energy. If you use the mitochondrial schema, basic physical abilities such as quickness, regeneration, and endurance rise dramatically. That's why many less talented swordsmen opt for mitochondria as their default build. Perhaps kingdom soldiers or mercenaries will use a lot of mitochondrial builds."

"I see. But what about the second build or the basic build?"

Shirone, who was lynched numerous times by the swordsmen while fighting the parrot mercenary this time, wanted to know a little more about the schema.

It was definitely different from the magic battle. It was better to collect as much information about the battle as possible, as long as you didn't know what danger the ruins might face in the future.

"Build is a technique tree. It is often said to think of a virtual body when explaining a schema, but when you actually learn it, the sensation is different from that. As the cells that make up the body are awakened, the clarity is widened. So here's the problem. How do swordsmen nest multiple builds?"

Amy and Lian knew the answer but didn't answer. Since Tess was the person with the highest level of understanding of the schema, she thought of entrusting her solution to her.

"Well. If it is a virtual schematic, wouldn't it be developed by dividing it into parts like arms and legs?"

"I usually think so. Of course it's not impossible. But you can't balance your body that way. For example, if only the nervous system continues to develop, the muscles will explode. Conversely, if you only develop muscle strength, your fist may break when you swing it."

"There was such a problem. Actually, I've been curious about it for a long time. I knew it strengthened the body, but how to balance it."

"It will be like magic. Perhaps you too have a systematic way of dealing with the mind. It must be a special pattern."

"yes. Call it four ways. There are also things like sequence formulas."

"The same goes for prosecutors. That's what a build is. You can think of it as making several virtual schematics and continuing to overlap them. For example, something like this. Put the mitochondrial schema on the bottom, then the muscle strengthening schema on top of that, then lay the eye technique on top of that again, and so on. Since I ride the technique tree with the base complete, the risk of the body being destroyed due to a loss of balance is significantly reduced."

"ah! There was a way."

"The most efficient is the base schema. If the efficiency of the schema laid at the bottom is 100, the second chapter is 50, the third chapter is 25, and so on. You can change the order, but unless you're a master of the technique tree, it's hard to apply it right away in practice. However, there are a few exceptions to this, and there is a technique called reversal."

"Isn't that the technique Amy was talking about, Mr. Freeman, using? How do you do that? Are you making a specific pattern like the four ways?"

"No, schemas don't work that way. To explain it in an easy-to-understand way, the reason why reversal is possible is because you can change the point at which you experience the schema."

Tess recreated the action of reaching out to the table and picking up and moving the paper.

"Let's say, for example, that we overlap three sheets of transparent paper. And looking down, our gaze will penetrate the paper in order. If you call it 1, 2, 3, the inversion is reversing the point of view so you see it from the bottom up. 3, 2, 1. Like this. In addition to this, there are numerous techniques related to the technique tree, such as exit, transmission, folding, and crossing. Building a schema with all of these things in mind is called a build."

Shirone was amazed. I thought it was a swordsman to simply develop physical abilities, but now I see that it is technical enough to be comparable to a wizard.

"I see. So, Tess has uploaded the mitochondrial schema to the second technique tree. The efficiency is half that of the first one."

"right. Actually, the mitochondrial build is popular, but it is a waste to concentrate the activity of the body in a place where the schema efficiency can be 100%. Unless it's a literal battle of body against body. Therefore, those who practice the sword properly choose the scheme that best suits their skill. In my case, I chose the nervous system build. Because the most important thing in handling a sharpened sword is precision."

Shirone also understands now. If they fought with the same three swords and the same schema abilities, the nervous system build would overwhelm the mitochondrial build.

"The fact that the mercenaries I met in the Accomplishment and Sacrifice Room was quite good also means that I didn't choose the Mitochondria Build. The warrior seems to be a strength builder, and the archer must have been a sensory build."

"yes? Are the nervous and sensory systems different?"

"It's similar, but the reinforcement part is different. To put it simply, you can think of it as the difference between the inner and outer senses. A nervous system build like me is an internal sense. Therefore, you can perform the movements of the body more precisely than anyone else. Conversely, sensory system builds are external senses. Perspective senses, such as the eyes, nose, and ears, and kinesthetic senses, such as the tongue and touch. It is natural for archers to learn the original sense. That's why their sight, smell, and hearing are many times more sensitive than others. Of course, I also adopt the sensory system for the third build."

"Well, that's why you said that tailing is difficult when there is an archer."

"right. Anyway, the important thing is to find the build that suits you. Of course, diligently polishing each schema is basic. Even if you adopt the mitochondrial build, if your performance is insufficient, there are cases where your physical ability is lower than that of a prosecutor who selected mitochondria for the third technique tree."

"I understand this, what kind of concept is a schema. Why is it called the human body schema?"

"In the end, you can see it as another self-image. For example, there is a phenomenon called hallucinatory pain. Even if an arm is amputated, if an object is placed in the space where the arm passes, unconsciously feel pain. That is the reality of the schema."

Listening to the story, Amy, like Shirone, felt many things. At first, she thought the prosecutor's explanation would be easier, so she entrusted the explanation, but gradually, as the story progressed, things she didn't even know existed.

"So, Tess, how many schemas has my dad nested? When I was young, there were so many skills in my memory. If the efficiency decreases with each chapter, from about the fourth chapter onwards, do you build up?"

"right. Usually it is. But there is also a way. How to make the efficiency of the second technique tree 100."

Shirone, who had already fallen in love with the schema, showed interest and asked.

"Oh really? What is it?"

"Prosecutors call it Acquisition. As I said before, to explain the schema, you just need to associate the shadow of your own appearance. Opening the schema would mean removing the black parts transparently. But honestly, how many of us have a perfect grasp of the body? In other words, a person who has peeled off all the black parts in one schema."

"Well, that must be difficult."

"right. It requires great training and genius talent. But there are people out there who have done it. It becomes completely transparent and eventually blends with your own body. Therefore, a person who acquires a particular schema ends up as if he did not have that field. For those who have mastered the five schemas, the efficiency of the sixth schema becomes 100. But it's a matter of time and effort. If you have the talent, you can shorten it."

"Wow."

Shirone let out the breath he had been holding back. He dreamed of becoming a wizard since he was young, but he realized the infiniteness of the sword when he had a real sword fight with Lian.

sorcerer and swordsman. Spirit Zone and Schema. Indeed, there was a reason why it was called the force that divided this world into two halves.

"That's great, Tess."

Tess blushed at Shirone's sincere praise.

"Ah, what with this much? I know it because I learned it from a young age. Actually, I wanted to be helpful to you, the magic poet, so I tried to explain it in a lengthy way."

"yes. It really helped me a lot. Now, even if a situation like today comes, I think I will be able to respond better than before. Then, Tess has already recovered, and tomorrow only Jis and Lian will need to receive the recovery magic."

Shirone said it insignificantly, but Tess realized something in an instant and hardened her face.

Come to think of it, even though we were talking about the swordsman and the schema, Lian didn't intervene a word.

Tess glanced back at Lian. He listened calmly as usual, but his eyes stayed on his body.

It was literally a messed up body.

In the end, he overpowered Falcoa with his imagination schema, but in the end, his weakness of not mastering the schema was great.

Even now, rather than recovering, it felt like the wound was getting worse.

'damn! why am i... ... .'

Tess looked at Lian pitifully, but on the other hand, her heart raced with tension. My heart ached because I felt like I had hurt Lian unintentionally.

'You must have lost your self-esteem. The person who will be most upset is you.'

Realizing that his friends were staring at him, Lian hurriedly corrected his expression. As if she had never done that, she smiled brightly and thumped her chest.

"haha! are you okay. Even without healing magic. Because I am strong."

Certainly, Lian's facial expression did not change, let alone the expression of pain, even though he was beating his body with great force.

But everyone knew. That he endured only with superhuman patience.

Of course, his mental power itself was phenomenal, but if he couldn't heal his wounds, his combat power would drop significantly.

Even so, no one urged Lian to receive recovery magic again. It was because he understood the misery of being forced to show weakness.

But it wasn't Shirone. On this trip, Lian seriously performed the duty of a guardian knight. If Lian was serious, he thought, he should treat him with the same determination.

=======================================
[166] Dangerous Transactions (3)





"Lian, don't be stubborn, let's get the recovery magic tomorrow."

"It's okay! No fatal injuries. Of course, the part Tess stabbed was strangely a little painful, but that's for sure. ha ha ha!"

"Lian, the moment you fall is the moment I die."

Lian's laughter stopped. The living room was enveloped in silence. Everyone was looking at Shirone and Lian alternately with nervous expressions.

"Shirone, I... ... ."

"Know. you will protect me until i die However, the choice of the moment can measure the success or failure of work. I want you to hit the knife for me as much as possible. If you're stubborn like this, I have no choice but to reconsider entrusting you with my back."

At first glance, it may sound selfish and cold-hearted. No, asking her friend to stab her with a knife was obviously cruel.

However, Shirone knew Lian better than anyone else.

Lian is fire. The way to raise that fire was not to give shallow praise, but to imprint the miserable reality as it is.

Lian raised his eyebrows. It was as if a hot fire was welling up inside her, and all the sundry emotions were burning away.

"Don't worry, Shirone! I will do anything to get this body back to perfect condition! As long as I guard you, no one will reach you."

Lian was ready to receive the recovery magic right now. Tess, who was freed from hell thanks to this, secretly looked up at the ceiling and sighed.

'Whoa. Thank you, Shirone. Thank you so much.'

Tess had no doubt that Lian would one day become the best swordsman. However, he also knew that even if he became a flaming sword, only Shirone would be able to hold and wield that sword.



* * *



Early in the morning, Shirone and the others left the villa.

There was a wizard guild in the area where the residents lived. Because the Freeman organization took control of the island, the influence was not great, but thanks to the recovery wizard, it was not difficult to maintain it.

Due to the nature of the resort, it was easy to get injured while playing with your mind free.

Commoners sought folk remedies or clinics, but nobles were treated by healing magicians even if they only injured one finger.

Depending on the type and severity of the wound, it was priced from 1 to 10 gold, but the treatment was carried out at a reasonable price, perhaps thanks to Freeman's breath.

Restorative magic promotes cellular activity and heals wounds naturally. This is different from a clinic that identifies the cause of a disease and seeks a suitable treatment method.

Among schema users, there is a job called surgery that performs emergency surgery, but wizards tend to reject artificial methods and follow the order of nature.

The theory gets complicated when you go into high-level magic, but simply activating the cells has an excellent effect. Because the human body knows how to repair itself.

It seemed that the recovery mage's skills weren't that great. Jis and Lian's wounds were also not light, and it took two hours for all of the treatment to be completed.

Seeing Lian's wounds healed, Shirone realized the power of magic once again.

Of course, 2 hours was too much to use on the battlefield where battles took place in real time. However, in the long run, the difference in combat power between groups with and without a recovery mage would be enormous.

Returning to the villa, Shirone and the others repacked their belongings and went out the door.

The recovery magic only regenerates the wound, so it couldn't raise the condition itself, but since Lian was so strong, he seemed to be overflowing with vitality.

Jess also seemed to have confidence in his ability, so he happily carried his backpack on his back without showing any sign of fatigue.

Lian looked at Jess' bag and was puzzled. Jis, who plays the role of a guide, didn't really need any equipment because he was going to split up when he entered the autonomous zone.

"yes? What is that burden?"

"Oh, this is a lunch box. I heard Yuna made it while I was being treated. Even after seeing this, the food skills are amazing. I work at a restaurant."

"Oh, you mean you were a pro? That's great. Let's eat now."

As Lian approached, drooling, Tess pinched Lian's side and scolded him.

"What kind of rice are you eating? Let's go to the ruins first. It's difficult when it's dark."

Everyone knew that it was better to start early because it was a place they had already been to. Maybe that's why this time, the women didn't complain and finished their preparations earlier than usual.

When we arrived one kilometer away from the ruins, the coachman stopped talking without a doubt. Shirone and the others were used to it now, so they got off the wagon and walked to the ruins.

Nothing has changed from the previous time.

The bar where I met the crowd, the natives who were wary of the surroundings without expression, and the mercenaries were the same.

Heading out of the ruins, they decided to have lunch in the park. The lunch box that Yuna packed was a rice ball made by soaking rice after chopping up the remaining ingredients. It was unfamiliar food, but it was said to be quite popular on the island.

When Shirone tried it, the taste was indeed different. All the ingredients came together to create a salty and savory taste.

I wondered if the amount was small, but when it went into my stomach, I liked that it tasted heavier than bread.

Jess looked at the manual written on the note Freeman had given him. It was brief information, but having worked for the organization for several years, he quickly understood how the deal was done.

He was taken to the opposite side of the entrance to the Chamber of Fulfillment and Sacrifice. It was also guarded by natives in civilized clothing.

"hello."

"Who are you?"

"I'm from the Freeman organization. When can we leave?"

The native looked Jis up and down. But when he took out his pass, he immediately told me what he knew.

After exchanging a few words in the native language, Jis turned to Shirone and said.

"I heard you have to wait for the car to arrive? About an hour?"

"yes? A car?"

"Perhaps we will have to go by tram. it was written like that Anyway, when the car arrives, they tell me to come back."

asked Tess, turning to everyone.

"What do we do? Shall we wait here for an hour? Or look around a bit more."

Shirone was lost in thought. Is it really okay to enter the autonomous zone like this? If that is the case, why does the room of achievement and sacrifice exist?

As Tess said, it could be a tradition, but in fact, I thought the probability of that was low. Above all, it was because Miro's breath reached there.

"I want to challenge the gateway to the test once again."

When Shirone suddenly spoke up, his friends turned to him unexpectedly. It was because he wondered if there was a need to go through such trouble, leaving a way to get to the autonomous district comfortably.

However, Amy had the same thoughts as Shirone. There was definitely something in the basement of the ruins that people shouldn't know about. So, she thought, there must be a special reason for the two routes, even if both routes lead to the same place.

The only problem was that I couldn't pass the test. If I was greedy for the impossible, I would end up wasting my time.

"Can I really pass? Would you like to try it with a laser?"

"yes. I would like to try it if possible."

"What if that doesn't work? The trolley might be waiting for us. It will take quite a while to enter the room of achievement and sacrifice, right?"

"Actually, I don't think it matters much even if I fail."

When Shirone said it insignificantly, Amy asked back with a puzzled expression.

"You don't care if you fail?"

"I have one thing to point out. Of course, nothing is certain yet. So how about something like this? I'll enter the room of sacrifice and achievement. And the remaining people will wait here and come by train. Then you can set the time and experience both routes."

Amy thought Shirone's words were reasonable. The person who received the highest score in the Achievement and Sacrifice Room was Shirone, so there was no need for another person to enter. Above all, taking the test alone would not waste much time.

"great. Then, let's go to the root of the test."

With Amy's consent, the party headed for the altar to the east. It was guarded by a different person from the natives when they came in with the mercenaries before.

"Shirone, do you remember the password?"

"yes. you stand back Before, I was next to you for no reason, but you were misunderstood as a group. This time, I will go in and out alone."

"yes. Nothing special, but... ... Be careful anyway."

Shirone walked to the altar. But before he could take three steps, he stopped.

There was a knock on the door from inside the altar, as if someone had entered first.

The native, who had been watching Shirone approach the altar, turned around when there was a knock on the door from the inside. Then, the engine device was activated to open the stone wall.

'Looks like someone else has tried it. Are there more challengers than I thought?'

Shirone was curious about who was coming out of the test, so she watched the altar with excitement. However, the moment he checked his face, he was startled to the point of being frightened.

"Uh, huh?"

Amy, who was standing behind Shirone, also shook her shoulders and shouted in surprise.

"what! How are they here?"

"Why, Amy? kids you know? Are you friends by any chance?"

"huh! what a friend Enemies!"

Judging by Amy's reaction, it didn't seem like a particularly good relationship. Lian and Tess, who became more curious, carefully watched the man and woman who came out of the altar.

From a distance, they had similar characteristics to the point that they might be siblings. Black hair, black pupils, and a dark feeling contrasting with the pale face gave off a unique atmosphere.

Shirone stared blankly at them. They were Canis and Arin, Arcane's disciples.

'Why are they here?'

Of course, they were free to go anywhere. However, the fact that it was not a common tourist destination and that it came from a place with a maze of time and space created an ominous feeling.

Canis and Arin were also surprised to find Shirone and the others. However, as expected, he soon regained his composure.

"You were there too."

Canis approached with a sneering face. Arin, on the other hand, was shyly lowering her head. Confined to Radum all her life, she was not used to social life.

Even though they had a fight, the only thing that filled their heads was the thought that they would have to say hello somehow since they were classmates from next semester.

"Oh, hello, Shirone?"

Arin mustered up all his courage and raised his hand to Shirone. Then Kanis glanced at Arin through her ferociously torn eyes. Arin, realizing her mistake, quickly lowered her hand, but unexpectedly, Shirone greeted her warmly.

"Okay, hello. how have you been doing?"

"uh? yes. just what... ... ."

Arin looked at Canis and replied in a crawling voice. However, I wondered if there was a need to be so hostile when the other person really welcomed me.

The moment she slowly raised her head with that thought, Arin, who saw Shirone's first menstruation, opened her mouth in a daze in surprise.

'It was great then, but it's clearer now. What a strange person.'

Meanwhile, Shirone also thought a lot about the appearance of Canis and Arin. In any case, coming back from the altar meant that the angel's eyes had finally judged them unqualified.

'It's not easy either. Space-time of the labyrinth.'

As disciples of the Archmage, Canis and Arin were strong. Above all, he thought he was superior to anyone in the magic school in terms of actual combat experience.

Of course, Shirone had subdued him before, but it was clear that he was an opponent who struggled even though he was benefiting from attributes.

However, even they returned from the room of sacrifice and achievement unable to advance any further. I could guess how high the cut line of the maze was drawn.

=======================================
[167] Dangerous Deal (4)





Amy walked over to them. She raised Kanis' medicine, covering the corner of her mouth, as if perhaps she had the same thought as Shirone.

"Ho-ho-ho! Are you sure you missed out? Well, you do."

Since they won the Battle of Shironeya, there may not be any resentment, but Amy suffered a lot from the two.

With the mentality that what he suffered was definitely paid back, he took this opportunity to make a proper blow.

However, Kanis did not yield to her provocation.

"Heh, isn't that the same for you? Now that I see it, graduating class is no big deal."

"You are laughing! How do you know if I fell?"

"Knowing that I failed means that you all took the exam too. If you guys had succeeded, you wouldn't be wandering around right now. Are you stupid?"

"This bastard! Where are you messing with the subject of a new junior!"

"Who was it that was dragged around by such a junior? Besides, shouldn't I be grateful? If I hadn't stopped Lucas, you might have died."

There was life in Amy's eyes. At the time she was exposed to Abyss Nova, she was a fallout for Lucas and she was angered when she recalled her memory of how she almost cursed her.

"This child... ... !"

Before Shirone had time to stop, Amy raised her fist at Canis.

The moment she was about to hit her face with the power of schema, the shadow cast behind Canis rose up and her black nails ran down her shoulder.

Amy reflexively backed away. Harvest, who was protecting her canis as if hugging her, laughed with her mouth torn.

"Kikiki! Long time no see, sister. The character is still the same."

"Kyaaaagh! What is that!"

Tourists saw Harvest and fled in fright. It was completely understandable from Shirone's point of view.

Magical effects were not unfamiliar to nobles, but the sudden rise of human-shaped shadows was bizarre on a different level.

Even Tess was stunned when she saw Harvest.

"Oh my gosh. Do the shadows speak? Lian, have you ever seen anything like that?"

Broad shoulders contrasting with a small face, and a slim waist like a tiger. It was human in shape, but its arms were twice as thin and long as humans. His palms were said to be as large as shields, and his fingernails were pointed like swords.

"No, this is my first time too. But Shirone seems to be spherical."

Harvest was defending most of Canis' torso with his palms wide open. In front of Harvest, who specializes in shock absorption, Amy had no choice but to be cautious.

"Kiki, let's be careful not to approach each other. I don't want to see blood in a place like this."

"That... ... ."

The moment Amy was about to charge again, Shirone raised her finger. The red photons were compressed at the tips of her fingers, and they shook with an afterimage as if they were about to be shot at her.

Harvest remained silent this time. It was a technique called a laser that had previously detonated itself.

"I apologize to Amy. It's not good to expose other people's wounds."

"Wound? Is that enough to hurt you? Besides, I'm the one who saved that woman. Anyway, the nobles' way of thinking."

"That is for the person who has been hurt to decide. If you remind someone of a painful memory, you can apologize. How long are you going to look at the world crookedly?"

"huh! I don't want to hear that from the plants in the greenhouse."

Following Canis' provocation, Harvest inflated his upper body hugely, threatening everyone. At the same time, Shirone's laser shone more intensely.

Arin changed the Spirit Zone into a tentacle and slowly sent it to Shirone. Thinking that it would be dangerous at this rate, I was thinking of releasing the laser with mental disturbance.

But before John could reach, Amy blocked Shirone's way. She frowned as if Arin was embarrassed. In front of Hong's ability, most mental magic was useless.

Sorcerous creatures, lasers, mind magic, self-image memory.

Magic with different inclinations were biting and biting and spinning like a belt. No one moved hastily, and everyone was looking at each other.

Tess grabbed Lian's arm and pretended to cry, feeling the tension as if something was about to happen.

"What is it, them? I'm scared."

Lian's thoughts were different from Tess's. People in the world are grotesque about wizards, he says. In the end, it was a story that the more you deviate from common sense, the stronger your identity as a wizard.

Lian felt good that Shirone had become such a grotesque and abnormal person.

"You're doing well, Shirone."

"What, what?"

Tess asked with a puzzled expression. It was like looking at a pervert.

But Lian walked over to the wizards without answering. Then he took out the straight sword behind his back and said.

"Hey, I don't know who it is... ... !"

Tess, who ran from a distance, climbed on Lian's back and covered his lips with the palm of her hand.

"Please keep an eye out. What about you then?"

"Oops! Let go! Shirone! Whoops!"

Shirone, Amy, Kanis and Tess watched Lian and Tess fight in amazement.

Thanks to this, the tension in the battle was further alleviated, and Harvest also shrunk his inflated upper body.

As the light from the laser weakened, Arin's Spirit Zone was released. Amy's red eyes returned to their original color.

In fact, it wasn't about fighting with blood. If Amy scratched the inside of Kanis, Kanis just fed the counter by adding one more to that feeling.

"Let's stop this useless war of attrition. I didn't come all the way here to fight you guys."

Canis said while absorbing Harvest into her shadow.

When the other side first proposed a truce, Amy also softened her fighting spirit and regained her sanity.

When the tension was relieved, Canis asked a question she had been curious about since meeting Shirone for the first time here.

"How are you anyway? If you stay here despite failing, does that mean you found a way to enter the Kergo Autonomous Region?"

Shirone was about to say something, but Amy interrupted before she could speak.

"Why do we have to teach that?"

This time, it wasn't a fight. In a sense, since it was information obtained at the risk of one's life, it was not something to be recklessly revealed to an untrustworthy person.

"There's nothing to be too wary of. We know at least how to get into the Autonomous Zone. Perhaps you are thinking of taking the loop bootleg route?"

She didn't show it, but Amy was very surprised. Canis seemed to know the window where the Freeman organization traded loops. Then why did they bother to enter the room of achievement and sacrifice and take the test?

Canis, who was staring at Amy who was lost in thought, raised a corner of her mouth and said.

"I can hear the sound of my head rolling from here. If you're curious, can I tell you?"

"huh! Who is curious? I know enough about that!"

"Aha, yes? Arin, how are you?"

Kanis turned her head and asked. Arin, who had been thinking about her for a while, hurriedly brought her back to her senses and answered.

"yes? oh, that's a lie I'm very curious. They're just jumping around."

"profit... ... !"

Amy gritted her teeth with a look of resentment. I don't know what it means to run fondant, but it was impossible to hide my feelings from Arin, who has supernatural powers.

At that moment, Arin's stomach growled.

Shirone's eyes focused on Arin. Her face turned red as she bowed her head in shame.

Kanis looked at Arin with a worried expression she had never shown to anyone before and asked.

"Arin, are you okay?"

"It's fine. That's it, what. It used to be nothing."

Kanis bit her molar. Since he left magic school, he had been traveling for a long time, and he had not eaten anything for three days because he had run out of money before he knew it.

He could starve as much as he wanted, but not Arin. Her inertia that had kept her in her radum for ten years was still there.

Canis bowed her pride and said to Shirone.

"Could you... ... Do you have something to eat? Arin couldn't eat her food. I'm fine, so how can I not?"

It was only then that Shirone checked Canis's whereabouts. No matter how long he traveled, his clothes were shabby and there were dirt marks left on him as if he had slept in the mountains.

'They said that all the legacy that Arcane inherited was taken away... ... .'

After the heartbeat test, Kanis didn't come to school. If you think about it, eating and living must have been the biggest problem for them without any connection.

It is difficult to find a job for a wizard with sufficient skills but no license. Because customers are reluctant. Of course, there are those who want to, but the majority are related to crime.

But Canis didn't want to live in darkness any longer. This is because he realized that he could never rise to a high place by fighting society.

Amy sighed and said.

"I want to eat something first. There's a bar we went to before, so let's go. The noodles there are delicious."

"no! I'm really fine!"

Arin shook his hand. In fact, I was starving to death, but I couldn't bear to follow Canis's pride.

Amy grabbed Arin by the wrist and forcibly dragged her away.

"It's okay, what's okay? There is thunder in the boat. You don't have to have stamina to fight or not. Canis, come with me too."

"I'm done. I just need to take Arin."

"It's noisy, and if you follow me, follow me. It's natural for a senior to buy a meal for hungry juniors."

Shirone pushed Canis on the back and said.

"Yes, Canis. let's go in Anyway, I have something to talk to you about."

Canis pretends not to win and Amy takes them to the bar where they met the mercenaries.

As the six of them sat down, Shirone introduced Canis and Arin to Lian. Lian was a little surprised to hear that he was a disciple of the Archmage, but he was relieved by Amy's kind explanation that he had lost to Shirone.

First of all, it was urgent to fill the stomach. Kanis and Arin must have been really hungry and hurriedly ate two bowls of noodles.

Shirone and the others, who had just eaten Yuna's lunchbox, felt full just watching them eat.

Shirone naturally smiled as she gulped down the broth. It occurred to me that no matter how they were born or what their personalities were, they were also human beings.

As the two people, who had filled their stomachs, licked their lips as if they were finally going to live, Shirone secretly let out a fortune.

"We and you may have complicated thoughts, but let's talk about it openly. Why did you come here?"

"Canis has always been interested in ruins. So he's on a ruins quest."

"Oh, was Canis' dream to be an archaeologist?"

"Sheesh, what a useless word."

Canis, who hates telling her story to others, muttered curtly. But she didn't tell Arin that she should quit.

Although her social skills are poor, Arin was not a woman who was easygoing enough to answer a question casually. She was the best answer to reveal the facts while hiding the necessary information.

In fact, the reason the two came to the island was for a special reason, not an exploration of ruins. And they needed Shirone to get what they wanted.

"Let us also ask. Why did you guys come?"

Canis asked, pointing at Amy. The leader of the four would be Shirone anyway, but he didn't want to show that he wanted something from him as much as possible.

However, if it was psychological warfare for Amy as well, it was beyond normal. She knew enough about how to hide the truth while avoiding Arin's menarche.

"Whoops. Of course, I came to go to Kergo Autonomous Region. Just like you."

"Hey, do you know what's in there?"

"Hmm, are you talking like you know?"

"Maybe, maybe not."

Amy gave a fake eye smile. But inside, she was so frustrated that she was going crazy.

'Know. I'm sure you know, you son of a bitch.'

Kanis chose the route of testing rather than the route of loop trafficking. If so, he was saying that at least he had a clear understanding of why he had to choose that place.

'It's embarrassing. How do I get information from them?'

Canis and Arin were different from the mercenaries I had met before. Besides, as long as he had menarche, he had to be seen as no match for psychological warfare.

Shirone, who had been listening until now, asked with a straight attack method.

"Canis, can you tell me what you know? In fact, we know very little."

I know what Amy is thinking, but in the end it was clearly at a disadvantage. She had better be honest and open her heart and expect a response.

Contrary to expectations, Kanis accepted it plainly. Shirone's party should never have noticed, but in fact, Canis and Arin were in a situation where Shirone's help was absolutely necessary.

"great. But instead, there's something I need to check first."

"Ask me anything. If you know anything, I will answer you."

"The reason you want to go to the autonomous zone. Is that because you want to know about the space-time of the maze?"

Shirone's eyes widened. The space-time of the maze was something only her close friends and the principal knew.

"how did you know? Do you know about mazes? No, how much do you know about Kergo Ruins?"

When Shirone urgently asked, Canis rather relaxed and rested her chin.

"Well. At least I think I know more than you."

Shirone was absorbed in her thoughts with a serious expression. Where the hell did you get the information from? And that too in less than a month.

Then I suddenly realized. The shadow cast under Canis' feet. And the existence of the magical creature staying there was telling everything.

"It is the knowledge of Arcane."

=======================================
[168] Dangerous Transactions (5)





"ah... ... ."

Hearing Shirone's words, Amy noticed too. Why couldn't I have thought of it? Harvest was a magical creature that inherited all of Arcane's memories.

Archmage Viltor Arcane, who commanded the world.

He might have known a secret about the Kergo ruins that others didn't know.

Shirone and Amy looked at Canis with confidence in their eyes. However, Kanis's attitude was still halfway.

"Hmm, I guess I'm half right and half wrong."

"Half and half? What does that mean?"

Canis was speechless. It was still premature. This is because the secret of the Kergo ruins is a much more serious problem than Shirone thinks.

Amy raised her face and said.

"Are you going to keep coming out like this? If you have something to say anyway, tell me now."

"I don't understand. Why should I? Surely you're not trying to pay for the meal, are you?"

"Of course that is included. But for other reasons, you will have no choice but to confide. because you need us Otherwise, there would be no need to even try to negotiate like this, right?"

Canis closed her mouth and let out a long breath. Of course, he expected this to happen. However, timing was important.

"great. To be honest, I want something from you too. In that respect, we should see that we have what each other needs."

"What do you want from us? Are you talking about the pass?"

"Anything like that can be worked out. If you use mental magic, you can just hand over the paper. Because Arin's telepathic ability can even control the realm of language."

"Ah, there was such a way."

Shirone realized why the two were able to enter the altar without even an interpreter.

"Nevertheless, the reason we didn't choose that route is because one person must pass the test gate. But, as you know, we have failed and that's why we're asking for your help. In that sense, I want to negotiate with you."

Amy analyzed Kanis' words. Then, all of a sudden, the question arose out of nowhere.

"But how many points did you get?"

Receiving the unexpected question, Kanis blinked. Then she quietly looked away and evaded her answer.

"I don't want to talk."

"Oh, why? how much did it come out? yes?"

"Why should I tell you? If you want to know that, can you tell me from there?"

"No, tell me first. Then I will tell you."

"no. tell me first."

Shirone gave up listening and intervened. If I stayed like this, I would repeat the same words all night long.

"It's done. Let's continue what we were talking about."

Perhaps in a situation where each other's legs were shaking, Amy and Canis quickly shut their mouths.

When the situation was settled, Kanis continued with her eyes widened than before.

"Anyway, what I would like to suggest is this. root of the test. In other words, if you pass the room of achievement and sacrifice, then talk to me again."

Amy frowned and said.

"Isn't that a bit strange?"

"What's wrong?"

"Aren't you doing this because you also didn't pass? If Shirone goes through, there's no need to bring you in. Isn't a deal only going to happen when you have something you can give us?"

"Maybe right now. But take my word for it. It will never be a deal that will lose you."

"Then prove it. Even if you don't reveal the core, you can prove it. Otherwise, this transaction is void. I can't be used by you without knowing the purpose."

Canis looked back at Arin with conflicted eyes. It was something he could not decide on his own judgment.

After Arin agreed, he opened his mouth as if he couldn't do it.

"great. then let me tell you Guys, you said you were going to the Autonomous District to learn about the maze, right? Do you really have to go by any means?"

"yes. We want to know more about the maze."

"then... ... Perhaps the information I have can save your lives."

Feeling the silence, Shirone's heart thumped. You're saving her life? It was an incomprehensible word. What the hell is in the autonomous district, why is this talk coming out?

"To be clear, if you approach the space-time of the labyrinth without my information, you guys will die with a probability close to 100%. But if you join hands with me, maybe you can live. In short, we are making a deal with your lives as collateral."

"That... ... !"

Amy jumped up and shouted.

"Do you think that threat will work? this is not proof It's just intimidating. It's also where the Freeman organization came in and out. No matter how dangerous the place is, it is not a matter of life and death."

"So you said. There is no danger in the Autonomous District. The problem is if you enter through the route of the test. And Shirone."

Canis turned to Shirone.

"I already know what you're trying to do in the Chamber of Sacrifice and Achievement. You, are you planning to open the immortal function in the space-time of the labyrinth?"

His eyes focused on Shirone. Shirone, who had been silent amidst everyone's attention, confided in him only after a while.

"right. When I first saw the Room of Achievement and Sacrifice, the structure itself was unique. I didn't think it was necessary to turn the space-time of the labyrinth in eight directions to test the might of a warrior. The atmosphere there was too serious to say it was just decoration. so you did it just in case Because I thought that what the angel's eyes were watching might not be something like force."

Kanis nodded as if it was the right decision.

"For now, I can only hope that it works."

"yes? don't you know?"

"I told you, half and half. But I'm also guessing that it has something to do with Immortal Function. I could be wrong, of course."

"Then, Canis, what do you want?"

"Let's talk about that again after passing the gate of the test. The reason I've told you this far is because you're an unlocker. They believed in some possibility and provided quite a bit of information."

"Umm, what should I do?"

Amy met Shirone's eyes and nodded. In any case, even before she met Kanis, she had decided to challenge the gateway to the test, so she had nothing to lose by making her deal.

Amy gave instructions as if to sort things out.

"great. Then Shirone enters the room of achievement and sacrifice. We'll use the pass and head to the Autonomous District first. All right so far, right?"

Amy asked for confirmation again. It was proof that the card Kanis pulled out was strong.

"No problem. The smuggling route is just a convenient way to go anyway. Only one person needs to pass the test in the labyrinth's space-time."

Amy's bones ached. A rough picture seems to be drawn, but since there is so little information, everything is blurry.

"Whoa, I don't know what the hell it is. Anyway, you'll know if Shirone passes. So let's start slowly If you walk now, you will be on time."

After leaving the bar, the group split into two groups. Amy's group and Canis' group joined together, and Shirone was going to head to the altar alone.

"Then Shirone, do well. Don't push yourself too hard."

Amy was worried. Didn't she unreasonably open the immortal function before and leave to a place she could never return to?

"yes. I won't overdo it. If it doesn't work, I'll just give up. Be careful with Amy. Because something unexpected might happen."

Even talking about life, I couldn't help but feel an old woman. Amy turned her head to check the spectrum of her party. She joined the powerful Lian, the nimble Tess, the defense-specialized Kanis, and the spirit-type Arin.

They were two people who seemed to die of hatred when they were enemies, but in a crisis situation, they were wizards who would do their part. On the other hand, when I thought about it, I felt reassured.

"What are we... ... I don't think there's anything to worry about."

"haha! It does. It's good that the power has been reinforced."

Amy couldn't help but laugh. Shirone also seemed to be getting the feeling that it would be much more dangerous than she expected.

As Shirone left and headed for the altar, Amy also headed west with her friends.

"Arin, let's go too."

As Amy and the others spread their distance, Canis turned to Arin and said. But she couldn't take her eyes off Shirone, as if she had discovered something strange about her.

"scale? what's the matter?"

"Hey, Canis... ... . Is Shirone blonde by any chance?"

Arin's mechanism for accepting things is different from that of ordinary humans. I couldn't even tell what the real shape was because I couldn't connect the shape and name of a specific object.

Therefore, recognizing Shirone, who is blonde, as blonde was definitely an unusual situation.

"Shirone? yes, it's blonde why? What does it look like?"

Arin blinked and turned around.

"No, it's not particularly strange. Let's stop."

Canis shrugged and ran after Amy. Arin also moved her steps and was silently immersed in her thoughts. Then, at some point, she looked back as if she had suddenly realized something about her.

'Oh, I see. That child... ... .'

Arin couldn't take his eyes off Shirone for a long time.



* * *



Shirone arrived at the western altar. Then he approached the native, who was glaring at him menacingly, and said the password.

"Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzene."

The native nodded and activated the engine mechanism to open the door. As I stepped into the dark entrance, I came to a spiral staircase lit by torches.

Shirone slowly descended the stairs. He had been there before, but the atmosphere was completely different, perhaps because he was alone.

When I went down the stairs, there was a courtesy passage. The natives said something and guided Shirone.

I couldn't understand what he was saying, but I could see what he was saying. It was like a rule for ritual anyway, so there was no need for additional communication.

When I passed through the iron gate installed at the end of the passage, I saw a familiar landscape. Eight spheres floating in an octagonal shape on a wide altar. The time-space of the labyrinth, called the pupil of an angel, was waiting for Shirone.

The gatekeeper has changed, but the man with the white tattoo on his face is the same as before. No, maybe not. Kergoin's face has not yet been accurately identified.

"Can I take the test?"

"This is a room of achievement and sacrifice. The eight eyes of an angel will judge you. To enter Kergo, you must pass through the time-space of the labyrinth."

Waiting for the man's explanation to end, Shirone went up to the altar. He intended to hit the space-time of the labyrinth with a laser before testing the immortal function.

Shirone decided to try it out and focused the laser in front of her eyes. As the eerie red light emitted, the blunt man with white tattoos also made a surprised expression.

Shirone fired the laser with all her might. The number appeared later than usual in the space-time of the maze. Perhaps it was because the shock was constantly coming in.

Finally, a number appeared in the space-time of the maze. The first number Shirone checked was only 200. Then, as the number changed by the second, the digits finally went up.

400 to 782. 1,311 to 2,643. Eventually, it passed 4,874 and soared to 6,822.

Finding hope, Shirone clenched her fists. But at that moment, the numbers reset and he started going up from 72 again.

It seemed that there was a time limit on the maze's construction itself. After two rounds of the tally cycle, the highest score of 6,822 finally came to mind.

The space-time of the labyrinth emits a red glow and announces Shirone's disqualification throughout the room.

"Whoa."

Shirone let out a breath as if in despair. The laser definitely worked. However, it was clear that Miro had anticipated even a trick on energy accumulation and put restrictions on it.

The most embarrassing thing was that Shirone had not been accepted despite his personal best score.

Shirone suddenly remembered Canis' words that she might lose her life. How far did the headmaster expect and allow the exploration of the ruins?

As I was immersed in such thoughts, the man with the white tattoo spoke in a solemn voice.

"To leave or to stay? If you want to prove your skills, go through the labyrinth of time and space."

Shirone shook her head as if to shake off her fear. He came this far and couldn't give up. Aren't his friends already gone into the autonomous district?

"I'll try one more time."

The man waited patiently with his arms crossed. Thinking that permission had been granted, Shirone settled down in the middle of the altar.

Immortal function.

If you can't do it this way, no more. I didn't know what Canis knew, but I was going to give up cleanly.

"Whoa."

Shirone calmed down and entered the Spirit Zone. As the defensive zone expanded, it swallowed the space-time of the maze floating in eight directions.

Lastly, after checking the borders of the spirit zone, Shirone raised her eyes and opened the immortal function.

"Huh!"

At that moment, something unbelievable happened.

Mental power flowed uncontrollably, and everything was sucked into the space-time of the labyrinth.

'This, this... ... !'

The absorption speed of mental power was amazing. In a normal state, John would have shrunk in an instant. However, as much as the amount absorbed, power from the infinite realm surged, maintaining a precarious balance.

Shirone was afraid of the current situation that was out of control. He felt as if his worth had completely disappeared and he had become just a door connecting the powers of one side and the other.

'no! I need to wake up!'

In this state, consciousness disintegrates just as before. The luck of being reassembled by Miro's will would never happen again.

"Mmmmm!"

Shirone rescued the defensive frame to the maximum and pulled the zone. I felt a taut hold, but the form was still the same because the mental release was so strong.

From there, he went back into the Geumgang Buddha and desperately endured.

I couldn't think of anything. I just prayed that it would end soon, and prayed that it would not be scattered like this.

At that moment, the eight space-times of the maze shone brilliantly. Eight flashes of light simultaneously shot towards Shirone, and then grew into a white light sphere centered on him, completely covering the altar.

"Huh uh uh uh!"

Shirone shuddered at the intense sense of deprivation. It felt similar to when I opened Immortal Function for the first time.

"Oh, oh oh oh!"

The natives looked at Shirone bathed in light and screamed in surprise.

Shirone's body floated up to the ceiling.

As if an illusion had unfolded, the eyelids did not blink, and the pupils were shaking in shock as to what they were seeing.

The labyrinth's space-time, which absorbed the near-infinite spirit, was using that mental power again to convey information to Shirone.

There was no doubt that it was something that could be shown only when the eight spheres held their power to the limit.

The natives shouted at their throats.

"la! Anke! la!"

At that moment, a blinding light exploded and completely filled the room where the altar was located.

The natives turned their heads and closed their eyes.

And when the light disappeared again, Shirone was standing at the altar breathing heavily.

"Ugh! Huh!"

Shirone was still unconscious. I couldn't even tell where this place was.

What was it that he saw? Is it the right place to really exist? What on earth was Miro thinking, making such a device and waiting for the unlocker?

'Is it fantasy? Or is it real? I don't know anything. What on earth does this have to do with Immortal Function?'

Shirone suddenly got out of her thoughts and turned her head. All the natives who had flocked to the altar were on one knee and bowed their heads.

"Why, why are you doing this?"

Shirone stopped them with an absurd voice. However, the natives were only taking an attitude of submission without even breathing.

The man with the white tattoo looked up at Shirone and said.

"Please convey the will of Ra, messenger of God."





(end of volume 7)

=======================================