
[116] Unexpected guest (1)





The first half of the magic school is over.

There was a lot of talk and a lot of trouble, but the atmosphere was warm at the end of the semester.

The teachers were also joking around with their students, waiting for the time to go home.

Swordsmanship schools, which mainly focus on physical training, teach rest as an important skill as training. However, just because it was a magic school that trained the mind didn't mean to overlook that fact.

Even though the mind is invisible, it is definitely a function that is equipped with human beings. Even the most persistent students needed time to cool their overheated heads.

However, since you must not let go of the tension, Alpheas Magic School requires students who have not held a presentation to write a thesis on a free theme.

Of course, this was not the case for Shirone. He received the highest score at the presentation of 'Invisible Things' held by the Supernatural Psychic Research Society, and was able to enjoy his vacation in peace.

On the day of vacation when the students left one by one, Shirone visited the 3rd training center, which was empty.

It was a place that was noisy every day with the sound of chanting and the explosion of magic, but now there was only quiet silence.

The 3rd training hall was one of the largest among the training halls. A 1,600-meter track ran around the perimeter, and in an area divided into eight equal parts, there were devices for testing various magical effects.

Shirone entered the mobile magic training ground. There are countless movement magics that wizards can use, such as teleportation, fly, dark port, and air walk. The best environment to practice all that magic was a desolate vacant lot.

Shirone looked back on the achievements of half a year there.

'First of all, movement magic.'

Shirone's main movement magic was teleportation. From there, he developed further and learned the Rainbow Drop, which can move in a curve, and the Patrol skill, which can move left and right at high speed.

Among the achievements, photon output was also indispensable.

At first, it was just magic to convey information, but as he realized the divine particle, it transformed into a powerful offensive magic, Photon Cannon.

Thanks to this, he was able to easily learn the flash magic that keeps the light for a long time.

Shirone was not satisfied there and continued to evolve. He developed the laser by mathematically reversing the photon cannon.

The photon cannon had a high single impact, but the cumulative damage of the laser was close to infinite. It was a terrifying magic that destroyed any solid object other than a material that was not affected by laser waves.

'Come to think of it, I must have worked pretty hard too.'

Shirone smiled happily. Above all, what he felt good about was the fact that his major in magic had jumped to the next level.

Currently, Shirone's theory of photonization has gone beyond quasi-light speed and is in the realm of sub-light speed. The reason Shirone visited the training ground was also to try space movement, which was said to be impossible without a sub-light magician.

"How does it feel?"

It was on a different level from instant movement. I heard that you can clearly experience the uniqueness of light that folds space-time from space movement.

When I opened the spirit zone, I felt the surrounding scenery clearly through synesthesia. Concentrating her consciousness on a single point, Shirone applied photonization magic at sub-light speed.

The moment he combined omniscience and omnipotence and tilted his center, his body evaporated into light. A flash of light soared high into the sky and in an instant fell to the ground.

Upon arriving at her destination, Shirone let out a rough breath with a pale face.

"Huh! All right, all right!"

For the first time in my life, my heart beat faster. The scenery itself was different from the momentary movement.

When teleportation is cast, the world crumples and feels like it is being pushed. However, moving in space felt like the sky and the earth were rotating as if the world had folded.

'This is space travel. I have no mind. I can't use it in battle with this.'

I heard that even Ethella, a certified 6th-class wizard, focused on teleportation in the confrontation with Arcane. In the end, it was proof that space movement was not effective during combat.

The point where space movement really shined was in a moving situation, not a battle.

If you're moving long distances, you run the risk of crashing into cover if you cast Teleport. Therefore, no matter how wide the spirit zone is, most of them are based on a distance of less than 10 meters.

However, space travel can literally jump through space regardless of cover.

Of course, in order to have a visible effect, the radius of the spirit zone had to be incomparably wider than it is now.

Currently, the diameter of Shirone's Spirit Zone is approximately 50 meters. Among the students, it was a standard size, but there was a feeling that it was insufficient to handle advanced magic such as space movement.

In the end, the magic level was too high compared to the Spirit Zone. Normally, magic follows the level of the Spirit Zone, but Shirone, an unlocker, has overcome the theoretical barriers with her outstanding insight.

'The balance has become asymmetrical. Am I supposed to like this?'

Of course, the growth of Spirit Zone was not small either. This is because the size is similar to that of the beginning of admission, but the durability itself is different.

If I were to expand the zone to the level of half a year ago, even a diameter of 100 meters would not be a problem.

However, while casting advanced magic in that state, the zone is broken. So it was reasonable to assume that John's radius was still 50 meters.

'Haha, people will laugh at me if I say that I move to a zone this size.'

According to a rough calculation, the zone had to be at least 200 meters in diameter for spatial movement to be effective in practice.

If a wizard receives an urgent mission and moves 10 kilometers, he must cast 1,000 times to reach it by teleportation. However, a wizard with a zone of 200 meters in diameter can cover the distance with only 50 spatial movements.

Being able to reduce the casting time by 950 times in a time-sensitive real battle was a tremendous efficiency.

"Just learning powerful magic isn't everything. You can't become a great wizard without the support of the Spirit Zone."

Besides, even if you train the spirit zone, just widening the radius is not a good idea.

You need to increase the size while having enough durability for the main magic to work. In addition, to increase the accuracy of magic, you had to pay attention to the density.

"Oh my God... ... ."

Shirone opened his mouth blankly. He felt as if the road he was going to walk stretched out all the way to the horizon.

Zone's radius and durability, omnipotence and omnipotence, application and proficiency, practical experience and judgment, etc. The knowledge that a wizard had to learn was endless.

More than anything, what thrilled Shirone was the fact that all of these qualities had to rise simultaneously while achieving a balance.

Upon realizing that fact, he began to see vaguely the form of what kind of path he was pursuing and what magic was.

Shirone felt the joy.

It was because it was proof of growth that I could vaguely feel the reality in the near-infinite magic world.

The same goes for Shiina, Etela, and Arcane. All of them have reached that position after undergoing tremendous training. It was a tough road, of course, but I never thought it was a broken bridge.

'can do. I can go higher.'

Since I succeeded in being promoted to Class 4, I can apply for the senior class at any time from the next semester. And when you finally graduate, you will become the wizard of your dreams.

"I am a wizard... ... ."

Shirone's heart pounded just from imagining it. He once thought he would have to live in the mountains for the rest of his life. But now it was different. His longed-for dream was becoming a reality.

"Come to think of it, a lot happened."

When I first entered school, there were times when I was scolded by my classmates for not being able to handle magic. Didn't he even take an unusual teleportation test in return for that?

"haha! Now that I think about it, it was really pathetic."

Shirone left the mobile magic training ground and entered the cutting magic training ground in District 4.

As a place to test magical cutting power, a highly viscous cylindrical target was floating on top of the magic circle.

Shirone approached the target and held out his hand.

"Wind cutter."

At the same time as the chanting, a strong wind blew up. As the sharp wind clawed at the target, the cylinder split in half with a slap.

Air majors train by setting the horoscope to the maximum, but Shirone, who is trying it for the first time, is satisfied with the fact that the magic has succeeded.

"Hehe, it's as simple as this."

Currently, Shirone's battery is incomparably stronger than it was at the beginning of her enrollment.

Since he passed all subjects with a score of 80 or higher, the basic magic, wind cutter, was not a problem.

Of course, not everyone could achieve omnipotence just because they knew the battery. The reason why the magic he tried for the first time can be manifested immediately is because Shirone's tendency is closer to insight than analysis.

Wizards can be largely divided into theoretical and sensory groups. Each has its strengths and weaknesses, but when trying a certain task for the first time, it was inevitable that the sensory wave would learn faster than the theoretical wave.

In particular, Shirone belonged to the side with a very clear tendency. The reason why Arcane said earlier that he was the type to learn from Shirone in battle also stems from this.

Reviewing the results of the past half year, Shirone smiled with satisfaction. He seemed to have become quite a wizard by now, even to himself.

"Hey, Shirone!"

"what?"

Looking around the track, Nade and Iruki were waving.

Shirone, who was about to run away, suddenly came up with an interesting idea and stopped walking.

After that, he converted the spirit zone into a target type, calculated the distance to his friends, and cast space movement.

With a whimper and a scratching sound, Shirone's body fell in front of the two in an instant.

"It's a surprise! What, what did you just do?"

Nade backed away in surprise. Iruki also opened her eyes wide as if he hadn't expected it.

"Could it be space travel? Were you practicing until the end of the semester?"

Shirone replied with a shy smile.

"no. You won't be able to practice at the training ground for the time being. I stopped by to review one last time."

"But space transfer was the first successful today, right? but it's so amazing Just try again."

When Ned made a fuss, Iruki clicked his tongue.

"What is interesting? It's not the first time I've seen it."

"No, I think it's the first time I've seen someone my age cast it, right? I thought it was just like that when the teachers did it, but it feels different when Shirone does it."

"Well, space movement is a difficult magic even for seniors."

It wasn't called a major for nothing. Teleportation is the basics of wizards, but it was close to the major from space movement.

Of course, like teleportation, space movement is classified as over power, so it is essential to learn it at the level of the official 6th grade.

However, it was much more difficult than expected to use sub-light speed at the student level, no matter how majored.

"But so far there is no use for it. The travel distance is too short."

"Why is it useless? At least you surprised Nade."

"what? When did you say I was surprised? I can do plasma too. Can you show me here?"

Nade was angry, but it was already at the point where the defeat was revealed. Iruki waved his hand in annoyance and said to Shirone.

"it's okay. Anyway, to sum it up, this is it. You were indulging in narcissism while casting great magic in an empty place, right?"

Shirone blushed. It was only a review of the results of the past half year, but in a sense, Iruki's words were not wrong.

"No, I'm not like that... ... ."

"Well, that's enough for you. Because you are the person who showed the greatest growth this semester. Anyway, if you're satisfied, let's go say hello."

"Oh right. It's already this time."

Most of the students went home, but some students stayed at school like Shirone and others. It was to express gratitude to the teachers who worked hard during the semester.

The three of them left the training ground and found the building where the teachers are staying. All the doors to the dorm were open and I could see the cleaners cleaning every room.

Shirone found the meeting place. As expected, numerous teachers were chatting over teacups before leaving for their hometowns.

=======================================
[117] Unexpected Guest (2)





"what? You guys are still not going, what are you doing?"

Shirone and the others, who were standing awkwardly, entered the conference room and bowed their heads as Shiina pretended to know.

"Oh, I want to say hello before I go. Thank you for teaching me for one semester."

The elderly teacher burst out laughing.

"Chuck! Hearing that from the best troublemakers on campus makes me laugh. In any case, you also suffered from suffering. Play hard during vacation. After all, students have to be good at playing."

Shiina, who gave up her seat to Shirone and the others, poured tea and offered a good word.

"Congratulations to all three of you on your promotion. Will you be busier from next semester? It's good to take a break, but don't relax. I will keep an eye on you when school starts."

As expected, Shiina had no way of letting go.

But for a teacher who froze the classroom for talking, it was a kind word. As the semester ended, the teachers seemed to relax.

"Yes, I will work hard."

While Shirone was drinking tea with a cup, Sade, who was standing next to her, asked Ethella.

"Teacher Etella, if you have time, you can have a meal with me... ... ?"

Shirone almost threw the tea out of his mouth.

No matter how flirtatious he is, he flirts with the monk.

Ethella also smiled awkwardly and waved her hand, probably embarrassed.

"sorry. I have to manage the parish while on vacation."

"Ah, that's right. If I could be guided by a beautiful woman like Miss Etella, I would also like to join the Karsis Monastery right away."

Ethella is lost. You can't say this to the bishop of the religious order without going crazy.

However, like a woman who pursues goodness, she was polite until the end.

"Huh, sorry. Then, what will Mr. Saad do during his vacation?"

Shiina intercepted the answer.

"Hey, I'm going to go somewhere and go around with a woman."

Sade's brow wrinkled.

Why the hell does this woman keep fighting over everything? By the end of the semester, she seemed to get sick if she didn't have a chat.

If you get angry, you lose, so Saad shrugged his shoulders as if nothing was wrong.

"Haha, there is nothing shameful about falling in love at this age. I'm really worried about Shiina-sensei. I think it will be difficult to find a partner for her because of her picky personality."

"I beg your pardon?"

"What is it? I'm not saying there's no charm, no charm. I know it just by looking at it. You've never even dated a guy before, have you? That's because of his tough personality."

Shiina raised her eyes and shouted.

"Don't overdo it! Because I've dated men at least!"

At the unexpected remark, the teachers all turned to Shiina.

Shirone and her friends, who knew of the painful relationship with Armin, were also surprised.

"Sir, are you for real? when? Who did you date?"

Sad laughed as he held onto his stomach.

"haha! Guys, do you believe that? I was just shy and walked around. Isn't that right, Shiina-sensei?"

"You make fun of me. I really dated you!"

"Yes? Then who are you? Wouldn't it be rude to ask for your name?"

Shiina gritted her teeth and glared at Sade.

I don't know about anyone else, but I never wanted to lose to this man.

"mind... ... ."

"mind?"

Everyone's ears perked up.

"Magic and dating."

Shiina's face brightened.

People say that when people try to come, words beyond reason come out without hesitation, and the current situation was just that.

As the atmosphere in the conference room became solemn, the red-faced teachers turned their heads.

Sade also wanted to avoid the seat, but he barely held back and answered.

"Ah yes. All right."

"Are you ignoring me now? I intend to dedicate my life to magic. Is that a bad thing!"

"No, sorry. It seems I made a mistake."

Saad slurped the hot tea and turned away from Shiina.

Shirone and the others, who were watching this, covered their mouths and suppressed laughter.

It was the daily life of teachers who could not normally come into contact with it.

"Everyone didn't go back and stayed here."

"Oh, Principal!"

Alpheas entered the conference room.

I was staying at the hostel because my teaching qualifications were suspended, and I was about to stop by when the students fled.

"There were also bad guys. I struggled for a semester."

"Thanks to the good leadership of the principal. We are also grateful."

"Heh heh, am I still the principal? From next semester, the temporary principal dispatched by the Magic Association will come. Treat him as well as you do now."

Nade's face darkened.

No matter how much I thought about it, it didn't seem like a better person would ever come.

Alfeas was the best principal without even mentioning that the old school was the best.

"What kind of person are you? Isn't this going to be even more difficult next semester?"

"Chuck! Things like that happen, too. But it's okay to be confident. The achievements you have made this semester are great. You will be able to do well next semester too."

As the teachers emptied the car and packed their belongings one by one, Shirone and the others prepared to leave.

"Principal, then I'll see you after school starts."

"yes. Go on a trip with your family, and have a good rest. Oh, and Shirone, could you give me a minute?"

Shirone, who had followed her friends out the door, turned around.

said Nade, pointing at the door with his thumb.

"Then we'll be waiting outside. Hey Shirone, I'll be in our hallway."

"Oh, okay."

In the empty conference room, Shirone met Alfeas alone.

His expression was quite serious, so Shirone was also nervous and waited for his words.

"The reason I asked to see you is because of Miro's work."

"Oh, I see."

Shirone recalled the image of the maze.

Her promotion was finalized and she had a hectic day, but the impression of her was still strong in my mind.

"I wonder what it is like. Are you still interested in investigating the labyrinth?"

"Yes. I'll have to talk to my parents, but I'm trying to make the most of my time. Since it's vacation anyway, I thought there would be no chance if it wasn't now."

"I see. It will be a good experience."

Alpheas obediently agreed.

However, an unpleasant aftertaste remained on his face.

"Did you call for that?"

Alpheas finally brought out the words inside.

"No, actually, I called because I wanted to ask you something. Can you tell me what the maze was like at the time?"

"If the condition... ... You mean a state of mind?"

"yes. As for the mind, anyway, I want to hear more about the maze you saw."

Shirone recalled what happened at the time.

The time we met was short, but it was such a big event that I remembered even the smallest conversations I had with her.

"Hmm, when I think about it, I feel a little... ... It seemed to change rapidly. At the time, I was passed on because he was a mysterious person."

"How much was it? Was it serious enough?"

"No, it wasn't like that. Of course, I think there were times when it was creepy."

Alpheas sighed softly.

In the short life of Shirone, indescribable complex emotions have been conveyed.

"Did you look lonely, maze?"

"At the time, I asked the same thing, but Mr. Miro said that God doesn't feel alone."

"God does not feel lonely. Hmm."

A shadow fell over Alpheas' face.

Perhaps Miro wanted to tell himself through Shirone's mouth.

'No, are you telling them... ... .'

Shirone carefully examined Alpheas.

What happened to make such a serious face?

But since I had promised not to dig too deep, I couldn't ask outright.

"If the headmaster is that concerned, I won't even investigate the ruins."

Only then did Alpheas wake up from his thoughts.

Come to think of it, I was too engrossed in my thoughts while sitting down.

"yes? not. The Kergo ruins are a tourist destination, so go see them when you get a chance. You should be able to get a rough idea of ??what the world Miro lives in is like."

"You mean, is there really a secret hidden there? But it's a tourist destination, right?"

"Chuck! It's no fun if you tell me everything. But never relax. I gave permission for the investigation because I believe in your skills."

Shirone realized that horses have bones.

Alpheas was the one who set the students free. However, because of that, he also had a mischievous tendency to aide in moderate danger.

"Yes. I will do my best to investigate."



After saying goodbye to Alpheas, Shirone left the meeting room and encountered friends waiting in the hallway.

"Shirone, what were you talking about?"

"About Mr. Miro I told you about before."

"Aha, come to think of it, you said you were curious about him, right? Did you say Kergo Ruins?"

"right. But after hearing what the principal said, I became more curious. I'm going to take my time."

"Sorry. We want to go with you too."

"no. During vacation, I should spend it with my family."

"Sheesh, not even a kid, who said that because of that? It's a problem because if you don't go home, you're half dead."

Nade stuck out his tongue as if imagining it was terrifying.

It was the same with Iruki. Since his father was the head of Yongleo, he was in a position where he could not act rashly outside.

"Still, I am very curious. To say that a person named Miro was the president of our study group, after all, he is my direct senior, right? Then maybe you were watching me too?"

Iruki broke Nade's innocence.

"Shirone said it. If you don't enter Immortal Function, contact itself is impossible. You are probably staying somewhere in the middle dimension between this world and the other world."

"Ah, I wanted to meet you and say hello."

"Well, maybe I can see it before I die. Anyway, it's time to say goodbye. Good luck everyone."

Three wagons were waiting at the place Iruki pointed to.

Among them, what stood out was the splendid two-headed carriage sent by the Mercodyne family.

"Oh, a first-class aristocrat after all. They are different classes."

"shut up. It's all a waste of money. Besides, that thing is so slow that it even explodes."

The three said goodbye.

We will see each other again after a while, but when the time for parting came back, I felt sad.

"Shirone, Iruki. I'm gonna miss you. This is the first time I've hated vacation like this."

"Are you okay? Can you stand it?"

Iruki asked anxiously.

Knowing what Nade's family was like, he could guess how frightened Nade must be now.

But unexpectedly, Nade smiled brightly.

It was different from last semester. It must be because he is carrying a bunch of happy memories while meeting Shirone.

"No problem. I should go back and reorganize first, and start playing properly from next semester. Everyone is healthy and doing well."

The three people, who had shared their joys and sorrows for half a year, waved as they walked to their respective wagons.

"Good! Then see you on the first day of school!"



* * *



A week ago.

Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, like other swordsmanship academies, completed the first half of the training.

Although Lian received the worst report card, her steps back home were light because she had a positive personality.

I thought I wanted to go back to my hometown right away, but I had to find my luggage at my sister's house, so I was on my way to the palace.

'Damn it, I have to meet that witch again. Had I known it would be like this, I would have left it at her grandfather's house. If you look at the report card, she'll try to kill her.'

Lian opened the door to the mansion, hoping that Reina had left.

As an artist recognized in the palace, the mansion was large and luxurious. However, for Lian, it was only a needlessly long escape.

Like a stray cat, they passed the hall stealthily, but the sound of the piano reverberated loudly as if to trample on Lian's expectations.

"Damn it! Were you at home?"

The sound of the keyboard was so loud that even his voice was drowned out.

Reina was sitting at the grand piano decorating one side of the hall, concentrating solely on playing.

=======================================
[118] Unexpected guest (3)





As she became a disciple of melodious pianist Merhen, her skills improved.

It became sensitive enough to detect even the minute air pressure in the schema, and the fingers were leaping over the keys so quickly that they could not be seen.

Raina's performance that even the royal family praised.

However, to Lian, who had been disturbed by that sound since she was young, it was just a murderous noise.

"Damn it, the witch is stronger. But people don't die that much."

Reina seemed to hear nothing but the sound of the playing.

It was evident that he was highly focused, judging by the pouting of his lower lip.

My hair was frizzy and my eyes were watery, perhaps because I had stayed up all night.

He was wearing only shorts, so his thighs were exposed.

In fact, she had been playing the piano for 17 hours.

It was a funeral song famous for its high level of difficulty on the continent, but recently it has been struggling with difficulties.

Barriers to artists are both a curse and a blessing. It's because it's a phenomenon that appears right before you improve your skills.

In that case, Reina would jump over the barrier for days and nights.

Lian caught a glimpse of new hope.

If I could sneak into my sister's room and pack my belongings, then I could either jump out the window or break the wall to escape.

'Okay, let's calm down. I'm going back to my hometown.'

Lian moved slowly along the blind spot of the grand piano.

If he could only go up to the stairs like this, the operation would have been a great success.

Of course, Rayna was sitting on top of her brother's head.

The moment the light of hope lit up Lian's eyes, he cut off the performance again without a doubt.

'Oh, damn it.'

Reina said without even looking away.

"What are you doing from now on? Do swordsmanship schools teach people how to make people laugh?"

"Sheesh, if you saw it, you wouldn't have to pretend to know it. And what the heck is that? What kind of panties do grown girls play the piano with? She told me not to blaspheme art."

"It's black again. It wasn't quite right."

Contrary to the threatening words, Raina picked up the skirt and put it on.

During practice, only family members knew that he took off his clothes one by one as the stress got worse.

"Hehe, but you seem to be ashamed in front of your sister, right? Aww!"

The moment Lian burst into laughter, Reina's sole hit her face.

Lian also trained hard, but still couldn't even react at such a speed.

"Damn it. What are you doing dirty? Wow!"

Reina held out her hand to Lian, who was shaking his lips.

"Give me the report card."

Lian's face hardened.

As expected, what was to come had to come.

"Eh, why the hell does my sister care so much about my report card? Now that I'm all grown up Ouch!"

Rayna shouted, pulling Lian's ear.

"Don't you give it up? Do you really want to die today?"

"Ah Okay! Here, here!"

Lian took out his report card from his inside pocket and threw it on the floor.

Then, without looking back, he ran to his room.

"Ugh! that was less right When are you going to grow up?"

Reina picked up the report card and spread it in front of her eyes.

The scores of the training subjects came down in order, and at the end, the number of all students and the overall rank were written.

Reina's hands trembled after checking her rank.

Last!

It wasn't even second to last, it was really last.

'Nonsense. No matter how pathetic she is, she works hard.'

Raina turned over her report card and checked the dedicated teacher comments section.

As she read the text, her eyes widened in shock.



We are sorry to hear that your child finished the school year with poor grades.

Currently, Lian thinks he has opened the schema, but the teaching staff has judged that it is only a placebo effect caused by an increase in muscle strength.

It's a phenomenon called imaginary schema, and although it's extremely rare, it can happen occasionally. This is a time when you need the warm attention of your family.



"Oh no, really! I can't live!"

Reina crumpled up her report card and went up the stairs in a huff.

When I opened the door and went in, I saw Lian sitting like a bear packing his things.

"Hey! You are in last place!"

"Oh, I don't know. It happened."

"Besides, an imaginary schema? What the hell does this mean? So what... ... Like imaginary pregnancy... ... What is it?"

"I guess so."

Lian answered as if it had happened to someone else and continued what he was doing.

From the moment the report card was released, he was free from all worries.

Reina glared at Lian as her insides bubbling.

Then he couldn't stand it and slapped Lian's back mercilessly.

"Oh, you burn! Die, die!"

"Ouch! it hurts!"

"Is this really that hard? You just need to open the schema!"

"do not know! What can I do? I mean I did my best. I'm going anyway, so get out of the way. I might miss the carriage time."

"Where are you going? Stay right at home! As soon as the work here is finished, I will go down with my grandfather, so you go with me then!"

"no! I have an appointment!"

"Appointment? What promise to you? Do you still want to play after seeing these results?"

Lian was so moved that she almost used the Shirone card.

But I persevered to the end. It was something she should never have said to Reina.

It was none other than a pair trip.

If she heard that Shirone was going with a woman, it was clear that Reina would use any means to prevent her from going.

'I'm jealous of being ugly.'

At first, I wanted Shirone and my sister to do well, but now I feel like it won't be enough even if I dry it off.

A prudent and calm woman suited Shirone much better than a witch like this.

"What promise? Can't you speak sooner?"

"I have an appointment with a woman. I mean, we decided to go play."

"Woman? What kind of girl does a guy who goes to swordsmanship school meet?"

"There are women there too. It's Elzaine Tess, and your sister knows the Elzaine family too, right? She is the daughter there."

Reina was familiar with the Elsaine family, which had been prominent in the diplomatic field for a long time.

However, the daughter of such an elite family would have a high nose.

I couldn't even imagine going on a trip with my younger brother who came back after finishing last in school.

"Where are you lying? Be honest! Do you have other ulterior motives?"

"I don't know, don't mind! Then I go!"

Ignoring Rayna's nagging attack, Lian, who was absorbed in packing her backpack, quickly stood up and ran away as soon as the opportunity presented itself.

"Hey! Aren't you standing there?"

When Rayna stepped out the door, Lian had already jumped down the stairs to the second floor and ran to the front door.

It wasn't a distance that I couldn't catch up with if I activated the schema, but Reina let it go with an annoyed expression.

Lian, who had been Bob since childhood, was the expression of his confidence that he could control it even from 100,000 miles away.

"Whoops. Yes, take a hard carriage ride and go. Let's see who gets there faster."

Behind Lian, who was running away, Raina was waving her report card.



* * *



After seeing off her friends, Shirone walked to the carriage sent by the Ogent family.

Temuran, the sub-butler of the main family, came out to meet him.

As befits the person who bullied Shirone when cleaning up the Great Library, even after half a year had passed, he still had the same tough impression.

However, the attitude towards them was quite different.

Of course, politely bow your head. He had a good smile on his lips.

"It's been a while, young master. You did a great job."

"It's been a while since the sub-butler."

At first, it was awkward to hear the name 'Bocchan', but after half a year, it didn't bother me at all.

Of course, it's true that it's still embarrassing.

The two sat in the carriage and chatted until they headed for Shirone's house.

In particular, Shirone was glad to know how the people of the Ogent family were doing.

"Wow, you've already obtained a public official?"

Lian's older brother, Ogent Rye, passed the official exam.

Of course, as is common with 10th grade prosecutors, he was not in a position to relax, and he said that he was having a hectic day at the front line.

"Yes. In addition, Lady Reina has been promoted to the 7th Music Band of the Royal Palace. She's on a winning streak. The head of household is still busy with public affairs, and the elder is said to retire soon and return to her hometown."

"Aha, but I heard that Lian's older brother is also there? What are you doing?"

"Well, that is not something I can comment on. Just know that it's a certified level 6 swordsman. Presumptuous advice, but it would be better not to mention the eldest son even at the family home."

"Oh, I see."

Considering the character of the Ogent family, it wasn't a family that would cause discord between them.

Even so, I thought that if it was a story that could not be brought up, it might be a political issue.

"How is Lian? I'll see you sooner or later."

Temuran's answer was the shortest so far.

"You haven't contacted me for half a year."

"ha ha ha! It's like Lian."

While having a pleasant conversation, the carriage entered the mountains before I knew it.

Shirone opened the window and enjoyed the scenery of her hometown.

The colorful forest scene already seemed to welcome his return.

The carriage entered the courtyard of Shirone's house.

It was the exact same place when Temuran came to pick up Shirone the other day.

"Thank you for the ride. I'll see you again soon."

"I just did what I had to do. Have a good time then."

Shirone turned around with a thrilled heart.

Seeing the shabby but friendly log cabin gave me a new feeling.

'thank you. I will be filial during vacation.'

The closer I got to the house, the more I thought of my parents.

A mother who had suffered so far and a father who did not hesitate to kneel down to send himself to magic school.

Shirone opened the door and shouted with emotion.

"mom! Dad!"

"Uh ha ha ha! that's right! After all, beer is best eaten with pork!"

"Is your father like that too? Beer doesn't go well with mutton either!"

"Because it is. The mutton tastes fishy and the alcohol tastes bad. now! Let's have another drink while we're at it!"

Shirone stared blankly at the living room.

I was surprised that it was more festive than expected, but the reason I was really shocked was because of the big boy sharing a drink with Vincent.

He was much taller than before and his hair was shorter. But as much as her strong impression, it was definitely Lian.

"Shirone! You are here!"

Lian jumped up.

But it was Vincent who ran faster than anyone else.

The moment I hugged him, I could smell the alcohol. It looked like he drank a lot.

"Oops! Here comes my son! Are you not hurt anywhere?"

"Oh, the smell of alcohol. What happened all of a sudden? Why is Lian at my house?"

"I stayed for two days to see you. He helped me with tree harvesting and went hunting together. how is it? Wasn't it fun, Lian?"

"ha ha ha! Of course, Father! After all, a true man must know how to hunt!"

Shirone was not amused.

The father he knew was not the kind of person who would treat aristocrats carelessly, even if they were his son's friends.

What the hell did they do for the past 2 days, so that the two of them were drinking before lunchtime?

Shirone broke out of Vincent's arms as he rubbed his beard and shouted at Lian.

"I heard you lost contact? Have you been to your hometown?"

"No, why are you going to your parents' house? This is the master's house. Isn't that right, Father?"

"You sound funny! What else have you been up to?"

"My, what accident did I have?"

I pretended not to, but I could tell just by looking at Lian's face.

It wasn't that I couldn't go home, it was that I couldn't go home.

Shirone sighed and entered the living room.

'Haa, this isn't it... ... .'

The long-awaited father and son reunion ended in a drinking bin.

However, seeing my father thinner than before, I also thought that it was fortunate that I could not cry.

"Oh, Shirone is here. Come here, my son."

Olina hugged Shirone warmly.

As expected, thinking that the only thing she could trust in the world was her mother, Shirone was finally able to exchange greetings that fit her taste.

"Mom, you went through a lot while I was gone, right? sorry."

"What is suffering? The Ogent family helped me a lot."

Olina patted Shirone on the back while glancing at Vincent.

My son came after half a year, but I didn't like how he was drunk.

=======================================
[119] Unexpected guest (4)





Lian fanned Olina's burning chest.

"Father, it's not like this, let's go get some wood right now. To commemorate Shirone's arrival!"

"Puhaha! Could it be? Okay, let's burn it properly with the three of us!"

"honey! What kind of tree is it while drinking? Go in and go to sleep."

"Mom, it's okay. I will come and go."

Shirone readily accepted. Now that this has happened, I thought it would be okay to solve the problem properly.

Olina, on the other hand, couldn't let go of her worries. Even though Vincent is very drunk, climbing a mountain while drunk was dangerous even for a mountaineer.

"Is that okay? And what if you get hurt?"

"It's okay because I have it. I'll be back before lunch."

In the past, he would have followed Olina's words, but now the situation was different. She had once defended her children against fearsome ulks, so nothing to worry about.

Olina was unfamiliar with such a son. Her expression was definitely brighter than before, and she was overflowing with confidence in her words and actions.

Is this the power of education? Although he was a good boy, there were many times he didn't know what he was thinking, and now he has become a completely different person. More than anything he seemed to be able to love himself a little more.

After Olina's permission was given, the three men left for the logging area, exchanging stories they hadn't heard before. In particular, Lian accelerated his pace because he wanted to show his achievements so far.

Lian, who stayed at Vincent's house for two days, heard an anecdote about Shirone's childhood. Among them, the most impressive part was the thunder attack. Around the time she confronted Shirone at her hometown, she had a hard time getting stabbed by a sword, so her interest increased.

Arriving at the logging area, Lian shouted.

"ruler! Then, like a man, shall we beat a tree? How are you, Shirone? do you want to bet with me The loser will grant the wish."

Lian, who was bigger than before, had no trouble holding the two-handed ax with one hand. To exaggerate, if Lian was a dead tree, Shirone was like a squirrel standing next to it.

"great. so what?"

Shirone meekly agreed. He had never lost a bet with Lian. Can't the winner run away when the loser challenges?

Lian raised the axe and nodded to Vincent, who also raised his thumb under his arms.

"Then do it first."

Lian swung the ax with all her might. There was a thud, and the trunk of the tree shook.

Absolutely devastating force. He could see how rigorous he trained for half a year.

"Wow, that's great. Is that schema?"

"yes? Ahaha! Of course not! Do you need to do skima as much as chopping wood?"

Lian's answer was somewhat awkward, but Shirone decided to move on.

Lian raised the ax again. Then, looking back at Shirone, he winked at him in one eye.

"The real thing is from now on."

Lian's ax hit the area where the shell had burst again. A clap of thunder was heard and the tree fell at once.

"Thunderstorm... ... ."

Shirone noticed at once. The fact that he succeeded in Thunder Meegi meant that Lian could also perform swordsmanship.

"Uh ha ha ha! How are you, Shirone? I am not the old me!"

Contrary to what he shouted out loud, Lian's heart was racing. To be honest, there was a small chance of failure.

He learned swordsmanship at swordsmanship school, but his success rate against people was quite low.

However, thanks to Vincent's explanation of Thunderstrike and practicing all day long, he was on the verge of succeeding with trees nine times out of ten.

"Awesome. It's different from the thunderclap I do."

"Is this a natural result? Anyway, a bet is a bet. I succeeded in two attempts, so you should take it down with one!"

Vincent let out a hearty laugh.

"haha! Shirone, try your best. If there is a tie, it continues until one person wins. Wouldn't it be enough to cut down the entire mountain?"

Vincent thought Shirone wouldn't be able to touch it either. Lian's strength is great, but from an early age, Shirone had a natural talent in the technical field.

"Now, use my axe."

"no it's okay. I'll just do it like this."

Shirone approached the tree and held out her hand. Then, Vincent and Lian made puzzled expressions. How can you fell a thick tree without an axe?

After estimating the location, Shirone entered the Spirit Zone. And he hit the tree with the wind cutter, which can be called basic magic.

Tak from the inside of the tree trunk! and a crackling sound was heard.

With that, everything was over.

As the two people watching tilted their heads, Shirone slowly pushed the tree. Then the log fell over, revealing a clean cut.

"Hurray! I won!"

Unlike Shirone, who jumped up and down with excitement, Vincent and Lian had their mouths wide open as if their jaws were missing.

How can a tree be cut down without any damage? It was impossible without the use of magic.

'Ah, that's magic.'

Lian looked at the root of the tree Shirone had cut down. Even if he was a swordsman trainee, he wouldn't be able to cut it so smoothly.

"What kind of magic is this?"

"It's called a wind cutter. It makes the air sharp by raising the wind, and in fact, it can be said to be the basic of the basics."

Vincent was speechless at the sight of his son who had changed.

Of course, since he was sent to a magic school, he assumed that he would have learned one magic, but it was true that he had only thought of the circus troupe's novelties.

By the way, I cut a log at once. Depending on how you handled it, it was like a murder weapon.

"haha. I can't believe it. Can daddy teach you too? If you cut trees with that magic, you will earn much more than you do now."

Shirone laughed embarrassingly at Vincent's naive words.

"It's basic magic, but it's not that easy to learn."

If you learn the wind cutter, it is natural that you can cut more than 100 trees a day. But no wizard in the world ever made money from trees.

Even if it were a thousand trees, it was because the wizard's daily wage was much higher. It wasn't that the value of a thousand trees was low, but that the wizard's salary was high.

Shirone realized that and felt better. He had a great fear of failure when he entered school, but now he was relieved that he had the skills to support his family even if he couldn't graduate.

If others heard it, they would think that the wizard who opened Immortal Function was crazy, but to Shirone, family was just as precious.

"Anyway, since I won, I will tell you my wish. Lian carries her tree to her house."

"Sheesh! I can't. I was going to listen anyway."

Lian cut the fallen tree into pieces and prepared to return with a fork.

Although he lost the bet, a smile hung on Lian's lips as he descended the mountain. Shirone personally proved that her eyes were not mistaken.

'That's great, Shirone. Of course, what I showed you today is not all of you, right?'

When we got back to the house, Olina had prepared all sorts of food. Literally delicacies from the mountains and seas, it seemed that all the foods that could be found on land, sea, and air had been brought up.

"Wow, that sounds delicious. thank you for this food!"

While eating, Shirone told me about what had happened at school.

Of course, I omitted the situations where my life was at stake, but there were so many other things besides that.

"... ... So, the correct answer was number 3. ha ha ha! Thanks to that, I was promoted to Class Four from the next semester."

"ah-ha, I see."

Contrary to expectations, Vincent and Olina did not respond. Shiro, who was still wondering if there was anything more to say, opened her hand as if you finally realized it.

"It is incredibly great."

Then, a blush appeared on both of their faces. I had never been to school, so I couldn't understand half of what Shirone said, but the joy of his son's achievement was no different from other parents.

"Aha! You mean that? Congratulations, Shirone!"

"Good job, my son. How worried her mom was."

Olina picked up the tablecloth and wiped away her tears.

Lian smiled heartily as she looked at the scene of a loving family. He seemed to know where Shirone's calm personality began.

"Anyway, Lian, why did you really come here?"

"Oh right. Come to think of it, I came to ask for permission from you two."

"You can say anything. If there is anything I can do, of course I should help."

That's what he said, but Vincent was quite worried. What permission did the son of an aristocratic family ask the mountaineer for?

"Can I go play with Shirone? About a week."

Shirone turned her head away as if it were absurd.

"What, to play? Why are you talking about things I don't know? Where are you going?"

"Galliant Island. Do not worry about it. Because I had a plan in advance."

"what? Galliant?"

Shirone opened her eyes wide. When a place that had been on her mind lately came out of her mouth, she was startled.

"When I was working in the library, I was completely locked up. Let's take this opportunity to get some fresh air. It's also close to Creas. It will be fun. Galliante Island is one of the most popular vacation spots in the world."

"Besides, there are Kergo Ruins."

This time, Lian was surprised.

"yes? Did you know?"

"No, I didn't know that there were ruins. Whoa, it must have been such a famous place. This is surprising."

Shirone, who had been searching the map for several days, found out that the Kergo ruins were on Galliant Island. I had a vague feeling that it was a ruin, but I remembered that I decided to visit it because it was not far away.

Shirone looked at her mother. He had intended to go once during vacation, but he would be disappointed if his son, who returned after half a year, told him that he was going to play right away.

But, as always, Olina followed Shirone's will.

"Come on. We are all in favor."

"But Mom, this time I was going to help my father with his work when he gets back from school... ... ."

Vincent burst out laughing.

"Hey! Have you been to a battlefield? I came here after going to school, so I can go play during vacation. If a boy is looking for his parents too much, he won't be able to use that either."

Shirone pursed his lips with a prickly expression. Of course, the magic school was also a school, but it was no exaggeration to say that the danger he experienced there was close to the battlefield.

"Then, can we set the period to ten days?"

"yes? ten days? It doesn't matter, but wouldn't it be a place worth visiting for that long?"

"Ah, actually, there is something I want to investigate separately."

Lian put on a tired expression.

"Are you studying there too? You are amazing too, really."

Since Shirone had read through all the history books in the Ogent family, studying at the resort would not have been a chore.

'Hehehe, but it won't be easy this time. Will studying really catch my eye there?'

Recalling a trump card, Lian secretly waited for tomorrow with a smile.



* * *



Shirone packed her suitcase and went to bed. Lian also decided to stay until today, so the two lay side by side with a blanket on the floor.

"Tell me anyway. Why didn't you go home?"

"yes? Oh, that's... ... ."

Lian was speechless. Just as Rayna knows her sister, Lian knew her sister well. It was clear that she was probably trying to catch herself by mailing her report card home.

But I couldn't tell Shirone the truth. He did his best, so he wasn't ashamed of being in last place, but his mouth didn't drop at all.

"Just a trivial family matter. ha ha ha."

Shirone didn't argue anymore.

"Anyway, it's fine. I was going to go there at least once during vacation anyway."

"Did you say Kergo Ruins? What are you going to investigate?"

"I don't know yet. I'm going to enjoy my vacation as it is, so it's okay. For now, I'll play with you on the island, and then I'll stay alone to investigate."

Lian felt that something was out of the ordinary. The Kergo ruins were a tourist destination. There was no way Shirone would tell her to go back first if she was simply doing research in a place like that.

=======================================
[120] Unexpected Guest (5)





"By the way, Shirone... ... If you really want to do something on the island, there's one problem."

"yes? What's the problem?"

"Actually, I prepared for this vacation as a couple trip."

"A trip in pairs? So you mean male and female, male and female?"

"yes. My partner is supposed to come this way. I should have said it first. I didn't know you would say you would investigate the ruins."

Shirone looked up at the dark ceiling. It's a pair trip. If so, he was sounding that he should bring a partner too.

"okay. I'll bring one too."

Lian looked back at Shirone in surprise. The Shirone he knew was a sukmaek that made her face blush just by looking at her underwear. He thought that finding a partner would be the biggest obstacle and kept quiet, but he broke expectations and easily agreed.

"you... ... Are you popular with women?"

"yes? Not like that. But I have someone to go with. Actually, I was thinking about it. If you hadn't made an offer, I would have asked first."

Lian's eyes lit up. I don't know what she meant, but didn't she mean that she had a girl on her mind anyway?

"haha! Wouldn't the witch in my house be sad if she heard it?"

"Sister Raina? Why is my sister?"

"Cheuk, no. Anyway, I'm dying of curiosity what kind of girl are you Pretty?"

"yes. It's pretty, it's pretty... ... I don't know if you'll come with me. Maybe you will be rejected all at once."

"No, you have to bring it unconditionally. Go tomorrow and ask for permission. In the meantime, I'll go home and get ready."

Shirone delayed answering. If Lian brings a partner, he must bring himself too.

But I wasn't sure. If you can infer it according to your usual personality, there was a high probability of being kicked out with a very high probability.

These and other worries squeezed Shirone's heart. But at the same time, I was also excited.

It was my first trip and I was with friends. In addition, I heard that Galliante Island is a famous tourist destination with the charm of a southern country.

Shirone couldn't sleep until late at night.



new encounter (1)





Shirone broke up with Lian in the noble residence. Since the departure was tomorrow, he had to find a partner today.

It was dark in the geography of this area, so I went to her house to ask. The place she finally arrived at was a mansion too beautiful to be said to have been built solely for residential convenience.

'This is Karmis' home.'

At school, we talked without being shy, but when I thought I was going home, I was scared. Even the guards at the front gate were looking suspiciously, which made me even more nervous.

"uh... ... hello?"

"What are you here for?"

As Shirone approached, the guard's grip on the sword tightened. It was because he reacted unknowingly. After going through countless difficulties, Shirone's prayers had grown enough to overwhelm the criminal.

"Do you have Amy?"

The impression of the guard hardened. He had heard rumors that Amy was an object of envy among men her age. However, few people came to her hometown to visit her.

"Excuse me, but who are you?"

"Oh, my name is Shirone. He's a friend from magic school."

The guard looked back at his superior as if he couldn't judge. Then the boss's face darkened.

Although it is certainly a rare case, it was not particularly unfamiliar to him, who has lived in Karmis's home for 20 years.

'Ha, annoying. It's starting again right after vacation.'

In any case, I had no choice but to report unless the head family gave an order to strictly ban outsiders.

When the superior communicated the meaning with a chin, the guard personally drove the horse and headed for the mansion.

Shirone waited at the front door anxiously. Meanwhile, the superior glanced sideways at Shirone.

He looked good and had a good personality, but he wouldn't be able to enter the mansion anyway.

So far, many men have been rejected. There have even been times when a person who was only a distant relative of the royal family went home without ever seeing Amy.

It was unimaginable if it were not for the Karmis family, whose name was known throughout the continent.

After waiting for about 10 minutes, the guard hurriedly returned on horseback. The superior could predict the outcome just by looking at the concerned subordinate's face.

It is always the gatekeepers who are in trouble at times like this. It was because if an indignant aristocrat even kicked the cheek, he would be beaten without a hitch.

The superior made up words he had no intention of relieving the burden of his subordinates.

"How is it? From what I hear, it sounds like you have urgent business to take care of today."

"Here, come in."

"Um, that's right. You guys are so busy... ... huh? what?"

The superior questioned, doubting his ears. The guard making the report was clearly perplexed as this was the first time such a case had occurred.

"that is... ... Lady Amy told me to bring her."

"Oh, I guess you were at home. thank god."

Shirone let out a sigh of relief. It was because he saw that there was no way for him, a commoner, to enter the mansion if Amy was away.

After a while, a pink carriage arrived at the front door. The guards' faces turned pale as the benevolent old man stepped out of the wagon with a cane.

It was Adele, the butler of the Karmis family.

Shirone noticed the person who came to meet him and asked the guard.

"Can I go in now?"

"Ah yes! Welcome to the Karmis family!"

The superior hastily raised the example of a soldier. Still, he couldn't understand the current situation.

Adele, though, allowed entry? No matter what kind of person Shirone was, even if she was a son of a great family, there was no reason for the butler of the Karmis family to meet her.

The only time Adele moves is when there is a big event in the family or when guests from the head of the family visit.

'Who are you? He said he was the lady's friend, so he must not be the guest of the household. Is there any event today? No, I've never heard of such a thing.'

Adele walked towards Shirone with a cane. He had a mild impression for a house owner in charge of a large mansion.

"Welcome to Karmis Mansion. My name is Adele, the butler."

"hello. My name is Shirone."

"okay. It's a presumptuous statement, but there's something I need to check before taking you to the mansion."

"Oh, what is it?"

"Please verify your identity. Are you really Shirone-sama?"

Shirone looked at Adele as if she couldn't understand.

"My lady said: If it's Shirone, bring it. I am interpreting this word as follows. Only Shirone must be allowed to enter. Therefore, you will have to show me proof that you are Shirone-sama."

Shirone's anger was intense. If it's Shirone, the words to bring it were nothing more than Amy's grumbling tone, and to add to that, it could be an impersonation, so it was enough to ask her to find out.

How much should I expand on it to even say that I want to prove my identity?

"How do I prove that I am myself? I am Shirone."

"I can't be sure of that. I am the butler of the Karmis family. We have the responsibility and authority to clarify the identity of the person entering and exiting the country."

"If you just take her to Amy... ... !"

Shirone stopped talking. Adele's benevolent face suddenly felt scary, and an unknown energy pressed his chest and back. It felt like my organs were about to burst.

"The Karmis family are the best nobles who refuse to compare themselves with other families. Also, I, Adele, as the butler, only follows the head of the household. Now that I am personally serving the lady's guests, I will have to show sincerity equal to that."

Shirone realized why Adele was acting crookedly. After all, he meant that he was offended that he had to do what a mediocre butler could do. Even so, the reason why he couldn't show off his bad mood was because the energy that weighed down his lungs was getting stronger.

'eww... ... It's finally starting. Pressing.'

The guards felt sympathy for Shirone. Adele, who was known for being picky, often called and pressed her men over even the slightest mistake.

Pressing that disrupts the nervous system by conveying abnormally amplified emotions to the other person.

It did not cause physical pain, but the gradually amplifying stress affected the body, and it was a dangerous technique that could destroy major organs if done properly.

'Oh, does this mean that it can withstand this too?'

Shirone was nervous, but did not show any significant change. Adele, who was relieved to see her calmly taking out the stress, gradually increased the intensity of the pressing.

Originally, I didn't want to do it this far, but I thought that it would be a good lesson to surprise the kid who only trusts his family.

Shirone realized that his heart was beating faster. The main cause was anger. Adele's hostility was raising Shirone's anger.

'Let's stay calm. If so, it's just a feeling. As long as you control it, nothing will happen.'

Like a person hanging on to a rock and sinking into the sea, as time passed, the pressure increased and breathing became difficult.

However, Shirone did not struggle and calmly contemplated her feelings.

As the holding time of pressing passed the critical point of death, Adele trembled her lips in disbelief.

Cold sweat was running down his forehead.

'What is this child?'

To get out of pressing, you need to amplify your emotions with the same intensity.

Karmis's red eyes could reset the emotion itself, but it was definitely strange that Shirone, who had no memory of herself, remained intact until this time.

'Patience alone is impossible to explain. Then all that remains is to have complete control over your emotions.'

It was another way to destroy the pressing. But it was easier said than done.

Just as there is a saying that even a flower sings three or three times, any adult will lose his composure and become disorganized if exposed to stress for a long time. But Shirone didn't see anything like that.

Adele has made some assumptions based on her experience. Either stupid, crazy, or a monk.

No, even among the monks, they had to reach at least the level of Vajrapani.

'Geumgangseung? does that make sense? Aren't you a child not yet twenty?'

Adele didn't admit it, but Adele got the answer right.

In the realm of infinity, Shirone has been insane as many times as humans can never handle.

The absolute center awakened in the process.

As long as I held on to that, I could have ignored the technically generated emotions.

Adele released the pressing. I don't know how I've been able to hold on until now, but from now on, I didn't dare to know.

The boy standing in front of him was clearly the girl's friend.

When Adele's face returned to a benevolent expression, Shirone was finally able to exhale.

It is a truly terrifying technique. If I hadn't entered the state of indestructible diamond, my heart might have exploded.

Adele put her hand on her chest and bowed down.

"Forgive the foolish old man for his rudeness."

The guards were bewildered. I thought it was strange because there was no change in Shirone's expression, but the butler suddenly apologized with a humble attitude.

"When you return to the mansion, rebuke my behavior. Any punishment will be sweet. So please, please dispel your anger."

"Aren't the people in my family suspicious of me?"

"Yes. Extensive interpretation of the instructions and putting Shirone-sama in danger were all my own actions. The head of the household did not place any conditions on bringing Shirone-nim back."

"Why? Did I do something you didn't like?"

Adele smiled and shook her head.

"It is rather the opposite. I've taken care of Miss Amy since she was born, but this is the first time I've ever brought a man into the house. I was curious about what kind of person he really was, so I committed rudeness without even knowing the subject."

Shirone has lost steam. Doesn't that mean that everything you've done so far has been an act to test yourself?

But it was nothing to be scolded for. If you want to come to the nobleman's mansion, or even the head family, you must make an appointment in advance.

Having worked for the Ogent family, Shirone knew how heavy Adele's responsibility was.

=======================================
[121] New encounter (2)





"I know. Then can I meet Amy now?"

"of course. The lady is waiting for you. Get in the carriage."

As the carriage departed, a beautiful garden with roses in full bloom spread out the window.

If the Ogent family expressed their family style with Daejikdo, the family style of the Karmis family seemed freewheeling. Individual works that ignored standards and uniformity were erected throughout the garden.

"That's really cool. I feel like I have entered dreamland."

"I'm glad you like it. Karmis Garden reflects the tastes of all members from generation to generation. It is to designate an area and decorate it to suit your taste. This can be said to be a unique family tradition that values ??individuality. The artificial fountain you see here was built by Miss Amy when she was 10 years old. We call it the Rainbow Fountain."

Shirone stuck her face out the window. When the cone-shaped fountain sprayed water, the water droplets scattered and created a beautiful rainbow.

"haha! a rainbow fountain It's like Amy."

Adele watched with benevolent eyes as Shirone looked around the garden. She could guess why Amy's face was brighter than before when she returned home from the semester.

"The Karmis family has an ability called the Red Eye. Thanks to that, no matter what I do, I stand out much faster than others. Knowing that fact, I tend not to interfere with family members. Reports also came in about the Arcane incident, but the head of the family only checked the safety of the lady and gave instructions to leave it alone."

Shirone opened his mouth blankly. To let it go when it was an incident in which his daughter's life was at stake. I could feel how bold the people of the Karmis family were looking at the world.

"Of course, it is not that there is no affection between family members. It's just a tendency, but there were times when Amy, who was a late child, couldn't understand such a family. She even wandered when she was younger than she is now."

"Ah, I know that. But I didn't know there would be such a story."

Shirone remembered his first meeting with Amy. When he was 12 years old, when he was bullied in an alley, he resented it a lot. But now it was all in the past, and it felt like we were getting closer when we learned about the circumstances of the past.

"When I look at you these past few days, I think that you have changed a lot since I was young. Shall we say now that he enjoys his work like the rest of the family? Maybe it's because of Shirone. thank you."

Shirone could read the sincerity from Adele's lowered head. Well, if she's the one who's been taking care of Amy since birth, she can't just have the feelings of an employee.

The reason why he evaluated Shirone harshly also stemmed from that. Of course, her jealousy, as if her cute granddaughter had been taken away, must have played a part.

"I'm sorry I lost face because of me. It wasn't like the butler would come out to meet you."

"Shirone-sama is nice. But don't worry. Lady Amy allowed entry, I was a butler who happened to pass by, and the head of the household just ordered someone to go right away."

Shirone was curious about the Karmis family. Even the butler thinks of Amy terribly, how strict will the family treat him? I was afraid to even think about it.

"eww. I'm nervous. I hope I don't get kicked out of the door."

"Chuck! It will exceed your expectations. But that's how it is, so don't be too offended."

While talking about this and that, the carriage arrived at its destination.

Shirone followed Adele into the mansion. A splendid hall decorated with numerous works of art greeted him. To the left and right, winding stairs like cochleas led up to the fourth floor.

"Holy Head, Lady Amy's friend has arrived... ... ."

"Kyaaaagh! oh my god! A real man!"

A woman who looked just like Amy patted her cheek and shouted. She was Isis, the mistress of the family.

As a dancer who made his name known in the kingdom when he was young, he still looked young even at the age of over 50. But is that so? The feeling of being immature came out in every single action.

"what? You mean Shirone was a man?"

"me too! I want to see you too!"

Two men came running from the hallway leading to the living room. They were the eldest son Diane and the second son Ares.

Diane looked young, unlike someone in her mid-thirties, and Ares, who was two years younger than her, had a thick beard, making it impossible to guess her bare face.

The two stared at Shirone in disbelief. Just by looking at their shocked eyes, you could tell how confused they were.

"Uh, there... ... hello. I'm Amy's friend Shirone... ... ."

"Now, let's skip the greetings and come here quickly. Honey, Amy's boyfriend is here."

Isis reluctantly grabbed Shirone by the wrist and sat her down on the sofa. A person was waiting there. It was Shakora, the head of the Karmis family, whose name even Shirone knew.

I heard that he was a person who exerted great influence in the political world, but he was disillusioned with all sorts of corruption and retired.

"Hmm."

When Shakora lowered the newspaper, her intelligent appearance was revealed. She was the tallest in her family, and her body was perfectly proportioned for her age.

Shirone broke out in a cold sweat like a rabbit that had jumped into a lion's den. He was unbearably burdened by the gazes that ran over his body as if he were appreciating his art.

As the men's eyes glowed red, Shirone swallowed. The sight of three people activating their red eyes at the same time was quite frightening.

'Oh, I remember. They keep me in their heads.'

Knowing the power of self-image memory, Shirone felt shackled. Perhaps they could transcend time and space and remember this moment forever.

"Hey, how are you?"

Shirone, who couldn't stand the awkward atmosphere, greeted her again despite her embarrassment. Only then did the red eyes disappear from the men's eyes, and Isis clung to them as if they had been waiting.

"Wow, he is handsome. Do you want this? Are you really Amy's friend?"

"Yes, that's right."

"Ohh? So are you in your senior year too?"

"Nope. I am Class Five."

"Hmm?"

Isis frowned. The brothers also tilted their heads. Perplexed, Shirone opened her mouth thinking that she had to add one more word.

"But starting next semester, it's class four."

"Aha!"

Suddenly, the three of them smiled brightly. It was the same expression, the same reaction. Shirone panicked. From the beginning, it seemed that he had no interest in classes.

'Where the hell are you? What are these people... ... .'

Shirone suddenly remembered Adele's words.



- It will exceed your expectations. Don't feel bad.



Adele's advice was no lie. However, it was a family that exceeded expectations in a different way from what Shirone thought. Would you say that you have a pleasant yet eccentric temperament?

"When did you and Amy meet? Are you dating right? huh? Do you go hand in hand at school?"

"Yes? no, that's... ... ."

Shirone took as much time as possible. Since Amy's position is given priority here, it was better to spare her words.

"What did you see? There is no party involved, so what are you doing around your family?"

A voice from upstairs saved Shirone from the brink of collapse. Amy was looking down her hall from the snail's stairwell on the second floor.

Ares, the second son, said with a twitching beard.

"what? did you change clothes? When Shirone came, he ran frantically into the room."

Amy blocked the misunderstanding in advance.

"whatever? Shall we meet in pajamas then? Anyway, everything disbanded. Dad, is it okay if I talk to a friend?"

"So be it. Isn't that the boyfriend you brought for the first time? It's Karmis's family tradition to do everything possible so that you won't feel unfair later. ha ha ha!"

Amy didn't raise an eyebrow at Shakora's mischievous joke. It was important not to give her a chance at all, as she would persevere if she was swung just a little.

Even as Shirone climbed the snail stairs, Isis continued to ask questions.

"Amy, be honest. Are you a lover? Are you dating? yes?"

Amy accelerated her steps as if she couldn't hear anything. But her mother, who passed on her blood to her daughter, was as tenacious as her Amy.

"Stop talking about it. What are you two doing? You two are dating right? right?"

"uh!"

In the end, Amy couldn't stand it and shouted ferociously and headed for the room.

Isis's mouth fell open in a daze. This time, Shakora looked up at the stairs as if surprised.

However, the figures of the two had already disappeared from sight.



Shirone and Amy entered the room and awkwardly sat facing each other across the table.

Shirone looked around the room first. The library was full of magic books, and in the corners out of sight were a few unopened love stories.

'haha! That must have been lent to me by Seriel-senpai.'

At school, she is known as a heroine, but the room was surprisingly feminine. She was especially drawn to her large doll as she sat on the bed. She was a teddy bear with ferociously torn eyes.

"I have a doll. A teddy bear, too."

"So what? Shouldn't there be dolls in my room?"

"No, I just think I look like you. haha!"

Amy clicked her tongue and shut her mouth. To be honest, she couldn't think of anything to say. It was also the first time she had ever shown her room to a man outside of her family.

"But are you really okay? You only pretend to be dating at school, but I don't think you need to lie to your family."

"don't mind. Because you won't be interested anyway. They just do it because they have fun with each other."

As Amy said, it was a freewheeling and unique family. However, in a place that is not revealed, I could vaguely feel that they were connected by family love.

"It's a nonsensical sound. What happened to my house all of a sudden? Do you have anything to talk about?"

"Actually, that... ... ."

Shirone was about to speak, but the door slid open. The face of Isis sneaked in through the narrow crack in the door,

"Oh my, did you interrupt me when I was having a good time? Let's do it while having tea."

Isis moved her feet and set the tea on the table. All the while, her eyes were nailed to Shirone.

Shirone was about to speak again, but the door opened again, and this time Diane entered.

"I brought you some sweets... ... ."

Diane's gaze also did not know how to leave Shirone. It was funny how his body walked forward but his head was turned to the side.

Amy sighed. It will be fun for them as they have never been like this before.

The older brothers are not even interested in anything other than the extraordinary, but the younger sister's boyfriend has never visited the house.

"okay. just come in all I know you're waiting outside."

As soon as Amy's words dropped, the soles of her feet pushed against the door. I saw Ares standing with a plate in her hands.

"I have some fruit... ... haha."

"It's okay, come in. Well, let's officially introduce what happened like this. Shirone, are you okay?"

"Ah, of course."

So, except for Shakora, everyone in the family sat across from Shirone.

"This is Shirone, a promising young magician. And Shirone, this is my mother. She was a dancer in her youth."

"I see. It was somehow beautiful."

"Ho-ho-ho! Amy looks like me But it's hard if you fall for me. Because I don't want to hurt my daughter."

"Ah yes."

Shirone agreed. No matter how much I thought about it, he had nothing else to say in response.

"And this is my eldest brother, Diane. I'm a certified 5th grade swordsman and I'm in charge of the archery team in the royal castle. I came down to his hometown because I had something to consult with my father for a while about a political issue."

After Amy finished speaking, the family looked back at her in surprise.

No matter how much a lover is, there is no need to mention the internal circumstances of the family. In the end, she was only pretending to be calm, but it was proof that she was also nervous on the inside.

=======================================
[122] New encounter (3)





'Whoa, is this boy making my daughter nervous? Amy of the world.'

Although the Karmis family tends to be open-minded, Amy's personality is particularly bold. The reason why she was able to control the gangsters from a young age was not just because she was a noble.

The brothers also stared at Shirone, probably thinking the same thing. He became jealous when he thought that his younger sister, who had not listened to his older brothers, was paying attention to her outsider.

"This is my second brother, Ares. And what you do... ... ."

Amy asked rather curiously.

"What the hell is your brother doing?"

"ha ha ha! I am an explorer They excavate ruins or roam the backcountry to make maps. The Dragon's Nest in the Alpones Mountains and the Crystal Cave in the northern limit of Corona Kingdom are representative of my works."

"Oh, I see. I know the Alpones Mountains."

Known as the habitat of various dragons, the Alpones Mountains were a place full of danger and adventure enough to appear in literature.

The other day, Lian also said that he wanted to go to the Alpones Mountains while reading the novel Knight of the Dragon.

"That's really great. I heard it's a very dangerous place."

"There are dangers in romance. I am satisfied with my job If you succeed in making maps, the pay is good. Amy seems to hate it."

"Please, at least shave that beard. I'm not unemployed, and if I'm stuck at home, I won't think about going out for months."

"Don't be too hard on yourself. Anyway, since the expedition was organized this time, I won't be able to return for two years. I waited all this time to even see the face of my beloved brother."

"huh... ... ."

Amy turned her head in disbelief. Seeing that, Shirone smiled. Even if she was unemployed, she was actually worried about her brother, her explorer.

It took more than a year to go on an adventure, so it was inevitable for a family member who couldn't even check if he was alive or dead.

"Still, I think it's cool. I really want to try something like that someday."

"Once you fall in, you won't be able to come out. Because you can get tired of things that normal people can't experience in their lifetime. Come visit us anytime after graduation. I'll put you on a special expedition."

"Ugh, that's it! Don't flirt with the kid for nothing, and everyone leave when the introduction is over."

When Amy issued a celebratory order, the family started asking questions as if on fire. It's fun from now on, but can't we get out before it even starts?

"By the way, what did you like about Amy? Surely you haven't crossed the adult line?"

"Yes? No, over there... ... ."

"Amy's personality is not normal, so how did you approach it? melted into words? Or kiss like a man in a dark place... ... !"

Amy's eyes burned red.

"Did you tell me to leave?"

There was a knocking sound, and suddenly Amy was the only one left in the room. The door was still rattling because of how hastily they fled.

'It's worth knowing what kind of personality she has at home.'

As the crowded room became sluggish, the contrast effect of the silence increased.

Missing the opportunity to speak out, Shirone looked around the room embarrassedly.

Amy also pretended to drink tea, hiding her face and thinking. She was so awkward that she broke into a cold sweat.

'Why did you come here, you bastard?'

There's no way I can say anything about her. Even if it was an important business, it was really unexpected that you would come to her house.

"what? Speak when you come! I don't think I came here to play because I was bored."

Shirone took her eyes off the scenery and looked at Amy.

"Oh, actually, I have a favor to ask of you. But when he came, he came without a message, so I thought he was rude. I'm sorry to her family."

"it's okay. What's wrong with coming to a friend's house? What is a request anyway?"

"Perhaps... ... When the time comes, won't you come and play with me? On Galliant Island."

Amy froze, holding the teacup. I couldn't even imagine it, let alone expected it. Shirone brought out the words of her going to play first. Also with a woman. on the island too.

"So, you and I want to go to the island?"

"Actually, I have a friend named Lian. The friend suggested it first. But Lian says she's bringing her friend, so I need a friend to go with me too. That's why we're going with four people."

"Hoo? The friend that Lian is bringing... ... Is it a girl?"

"I think so. what? how did you know?"

Amy swallowed the tea without answering. Things were quickly sorting out in my head.

'In a word, this is a couple's trip. A bastard named Lian, you're sneaky. huh? Wait, a couple trip?'

Cold sweat ran down Amy's spine.

'You're taking me there? Why?'

It was embarrassing when Shirone, who had not been shaken like a wooden stone even at the time of the camouflage romance, suddenly proposed a couple trip. Because she couldn't ask herself if it was simply to get her head count.

Since the graduating class is the final competition at the magic school, intense study was required even during vacation.

I couldn't help but think that Shirone, who knew that fact better than anyone else, had a special intention to come to my house and ask for a favor.

"Why do you want to take me? Do you have friends in the advanced class? You know I'm in my senior year, right? How other seniors do special training during vacation. But why me?"

Even after Amy asked, she was afraid to answer. She probably isn't what she thinks she is.

But maybe it could have been. The hand that brought the teacup to his mouth trembled slightly.

"Amy, no matter how much I think about it, there is only you."

"Pooh!"

Amy spits out not a single drop of the tea she was drinking. Shirone, who had been hit by tea water, had a dazed expression like someone who had been hit by a shower.

"What are you talking about all of a sudden! You stupid idiot!"

cried Amy, wiping her mouth with her sleeve. Her face flushed like her persimmon, she ran away from her seat as if running away, and came back with her towel.

"Quickly wipe with this! I'm filthy to death, really!"

"... ... It's you who blew it in the face. Anyway, to continue, do you remember the Miro I talked about before?"

"yes? maze? You mean the one who was the first president of the Supernatural Psychic Research Society? He said he met while Immortal Function was in progress."

"right. It's a recent hypothesis, but I think the immortal function is related to the speed of light. So she wanted to know about her. The headmaster said it would be okay as long as it was to investigate the Kergo ruins, so I thought I'd give it a go as long as Lian suggested it."

Only then did Amy regain peace of mind. If it's Kergo Ruins, isn't it a famous ruin and tourist attraction on Galliant Island?

"Aha, so let's investigate there together, right?"

"Of course I don't think it's dangerous. However, when I listened to the principal's words, I also thought that it was not just a simple tourist destination. If you go with me, I think I can be relieved."

As long as Lian suggested a pair trip, the partner must be a woman. But even without that condition, Amy was the strongest of her friends that Shiro had ever known.

Hong's singularity is also a great strength, but with her ability to compete with strong players every day and settle in the middle of the senior class, they could overcome danger together in any situation.

"huh! of course! Because I'm different from the kids who talk about the supernatural."

"No, I didn't mean that, but anyway."

Shirone smiled awkwardly and hesitated. In fact, even Amy knew. That she wasn't the type to attract her friends just because she was strong.

Shirone saved Amy from falling off a cliff. A special incident that happened in a short moment further strengthened the trust between the two.

So you can ask for it. Even knowing the danger, he asked to accompany him because it was a life-changing relationship.

"I see, that's what it is... ... ."

Amy walked to the window and thought. She wasn't traveling alone, so there was no burden. No, rather, that's why I wanted to go.

There would be many things to gain from this trip, but more than that, I thought it would be fun to do something with Shirone.

'Damn it, I have eyes to see. Okay, since you owe something anyway, I'll help you a little this time.'

Amy slowly turned around. She smiled as she saw Shirone waiting for her answer with a nervous expression.

No matter what the purpose of the trip is, on the surface, it is to take a woman and stay out. I wonder if I could wrap it up as flattery or not, but if the man was as firm as if he was going to do something like that, no woman would follow.

'Nothing has changed between when I was 12 and now.'

When will this child grow up? Maybe it was because all the growth energy was focused on magic.

Amy nodded happily.

"Okay, let's go to the island."



* * *



"hello! I'm Lian's friend, Elzaine Tess!"

Tess, who visited the Ogent family, was courageous and polite. Beside her stood Lian, looking nervous.

The reason why Lian had been staying at Shirone's house so far was because he planned to use Tess as a shield to invade the main house.

After finishing last in swordsmanship school, there would never be a parent who would let their son play easily.

But if you put your friends first, it's a different story. In particular, it was calculated that if that friend was a model student who ranked first in the swordsmanship school, the drug would work.

"Well, I've heard of Elzain's reputation. Is your father in good health?"

"Yes. Even while staying in the occupied territory, he sharpens his sword every single day."

In fact, Elzain did not know how her father was doing. She also had no desire to know.

But Lian's father, Bischoff, nodded as if he deserved it.

"As expected, someone who made a family out of swords is different. If there is a chance, I will visit you once."

Tess's father, Elsaine Veron, was a master of the sword nicknamed the Flash.

If Ogent's swordsmanship was subversive, Elsaine's swordsmanship was terrifying and sharp.

Whose skill is high depends on the person who handles the sword, but the pride of preserving the legitimacy of the sword could not be distinguished.

"Lian, you dated a good wife unlike you."

"It's not dating. We are just friends."

Tess glared at Lian with a twinkle in her eyes. But what? A thirsty man dug a well, so he had no choice but to endure to go on a trip with Lian.

"So, you want to go on vacation to Galliant Island?"

"uh. I thought I was going to die hard at the swordsmanship academy. You need time to recover your mind and body. Oh, Shirone will come later. to start right here. Can I go?"

"I'm going, it doesn't matter, but did you really work hard? Even if you ask for private tutoring, you have to be able to believe the guy who won't listen to you when he says things like that."

"haha! I brought it because I thought I would talk about it. Finally, I also opened the schema!"

Lian took out the object of conversion. Her report card was taken away by Reina, but she had the proof of passing the strength test.

It was a piece of paper that was useless to anyone as long as it was revealed that it was a placebo effect, but Bischoff, ignorant of everything, had no choice but to believe it.

"Hmm, you really passed. Congratulations."

Bischoff did not show his emotions according to his personality. But his voice was trembling slightly.

As a parent, any child who is ugly is more likely to be stepped on in the eyes. Since he had successfully completed the scheme he hadn't been able to succeed with, he must have clenched his fists in his heart.

"Now, do as you promised. The sword that your grandfather said he would give you when you master the schema, can I take it?"

"Of course. Now that you've opened the schema, you should learn Ogent's swordsmanship from now on. By the way, where are the report cards? Judging by how confident he is, he looks pretty good."

=======================================
[123] New encounter (4)





"ah... ... grade card? My sister has it."

"Raina? why? bring it."

"do not know. I took it away to show her grandfather. How do I know what the witch is thinking? Anyway, give me the sword quickly. Ever since she was little, she wanted to have it and worked so hard."

The sword that Lian desperately wanted was a straight sword specialized in the swordsmanship of the Ogent family. It was a greatsword that was twice as heavy as a normal longsword, and the blade was too long to handle unless you were tall.

Ever since Lian learned the sword, he had his eyes on the straight sword of the Ogent family. In particular, the sword that was spit on as his own was the sword his grandfather used himself.

Clump had wanted to hand over the sword to Lian from before. It was Reina and Lian who inherited the blue-haired lineage among her own grandchildren, and apart from her female Reina, she thought that only Lian could wield her sword.

"I'm in the black grandpa's room. But why are you suddenly looking for black when you say you're going to play? Tess, you've come a long way, though."

"I have thoughts, yes. Anyway, I'll bring it now."

Lian ran up to Grandpa's room. It was an excessive sword for him, who had not even mastered the schema, but he intended to bring it with him on this trip.

It is clear that Shirone is trying to explore the ruins. Just as thread follows where the needle goes, if Shiro runs into a dangerous place, shouldn't he be by his side?

'This is the great sword of the Ogent family.'

Lian looked up in rapture at the greatsword hanging in her grandfather's room. A form containing the spirit of the Ogent family, which is said to be difficult to wield until the schema is opened.

Of course, schema is still impossible. However, Lian raised the sword with only one hand and drew it in front of his eyes.

'Heavy. But it's not to the extent that I can't wield it.'

Lian felt the same way when she was judged to be an imaginary schema. However, he thought positively in any situation, as he never gave up.

Whether it's a schema or not, as long as it passes the muscle strength test, the power is the same. Someday I will have to open the schema, but I was still in the position that it was worth holding on.

Because the sword was so heavy, it was inconvenient to carry it in a sheath made of iron. Lian wore a net-shaped scabbard made of cowhide behind his back and inserted a straight sword.

People would stand out if he was dressed like this, but it didn't matter because it wasn't illegal to wear a sword.

Except for special areas designated by the city, anyone could kick the sword as long as they followed their own rules.

Commoners were sector level C, nobles sector level B, royalty sector level A, and so on.

Lian proudly wore his straight sword and came down the stairs. But the opportunity to get him noticed never came back.

Butler Lewis opened the gate and reported.

"Head of the household, Master Shirone has arrived."

Entering the hall with Amy, Shirone first greeted Bischoff.

On the outside, he was strict and blunt, but he was a family man to the point of paying the monthly rent and staying at home when he heard that his son was coming.

From Shirone's point of view, as a guardian who helped her attend magic school, I heard that she took care not only of her school life but also of her parents' housekeeping.

"hello. Have you been well?"

"yes. I heard that she is doing well."

"This time, I was promoted to Class Four. Thanks for your help. thank you."

Recalling Lian's past, Bischoff smiled bitterly. Class Forani. How big would the substitute talent be to enter Class Four after half a year of entering magic school?

Of course, parents are not stupid enough to compare their children with each other. However, as a single swordsman, he was concerned that Lian, who had taken the oath to become a knight, would be filled with Shirone's last name.

"It is because of your hard work. In any case, it's worth the support. I heard that Lian is going on a trip with a beautiful lady this time without knowing the subject. Are you going too?"

"Yes. We decided to go together."

"Is the lady next to you your partner?"

Bischoff turned his eyes to the red-haired girl. She looked familiar, but I couldn't remember her well.

"hello. This is Karmis Amy."

Bischoff's eyes twinkled. Not only Lian and Tess, but also the butler, Louis, looked back at Amy curiously.

As a first-class aristocrat, the Karmis family does not boast the highest authority in terms of kingdom alone.

However, the freewheeling tendency and talent of the red eyes spread across the continent beyond the kingdom.

It could be said that the achievements that are not limited to the country reveal their identity the best.

Bischoff also did not think that aristocratic ranks represented family power. For there are many nobles in the world who rise to high ranks through all sorts of flattery and vile means.

Such people ignore legitimacy and even change their family customs to get ahead in life. However, Elsaine and Karmis were different from those types.

Legitimacy is a law established only by conviction. Since the establishment of the kingdom, their pride in choosing only one path was not something that could be bought with money or power.

"now. Let's talk later, let's go for now. I have to leave now to be on time for the ship!"

Lian refreshed the atmosphere. He asked Bischoff for permission, but his nervousness did not subside.

Perhaps by now, the express mail sent by Rayna was flying like an arrow.

It was obvious that the moment the report card was released, heaven would be far away and the road to hell would unfold.

"Dad, then I will go. It will take about ten days."

"yes. You've worked hard in training, so have fun and come. Oh, and use this as an addition to your travel expenses."

Bischoff threw a heavy bag of gold coins. Lian looked inside and was startled. It was the first time he had ever received so much money from his father.

In fact, Bischoff was in a good mood. Even when he took oath to knight, he thought he was ruining a son, but he learned the schema that didn't work like that, and he made good friends.

In addition, Shirone, who will become Lian's owner, was growing steadily based on her outstanding talent.

If you think that training is also an investment for real combat, wouldn't it be reasonable to pay half a year's wages?

Lian felt guilty, but even that feeling was a luxury now. Only the thought that he had to get out of this house alive was filling his head.

"okay. Then I will go with my friends. Ah, Temuran. Wait for the carriage to go to the port."

"All right. Have a nice trip."

Temuran saw Lian off and made a pitiful expression. I was able to guess the situation just by running away in a cold sweat.

'The time I can last is 10 minutes. Good luck, young boy.'

Temuran paid attention to the envelope in his bosom. It was express mail from Reina, which had just arrived from the capital.



* * *



There was not a single wagon to play with, probably because the butlers had a lot of work today. There was a dedicated wagon, but it took an hour just to saddle it up and do maintenance.

Lian said he didn't need any maintenance, but he had no choice but to accept the request to inspect the screw on the wheel. This is because if an accident happens, all the sins will be overwritten by the carriage manager.

The four of them waited near the stable for the carriage to come.

There was no conversation for a while. It was a situation that often occurred when they first met each other. However, many analyzes were going on in my mind.

Tess first looked at Shirone. He knew he was an aspiring wizard, but since Lian had sworn a knight's oath, he thought of a hot-blooded boy. However, when I met him, he was unexpectedly soft and calm.

Amy from the Karmis family was also interesting. Karmis, the star of the continent. What kind of character are the people in the family?

In the end, Tess spoke first. He thought that there should be no awkwardness, at least when inside the carriage.

"Should I say a full name first? Call me Elzaine Tess."

"I am Karmis Amy. nice to meet you."

"Ah, I am Aryan Shirone."

Tess also shook hands with Shirone. But the moment he heard the last name, he tilted his head.

Like the Elzain family, which specialized in diplomacy, she knew the surnames of quite a few aristocratic families. However, I had never heard of the Aryan family, as if passing by.

"Aha, you are Aryan. Um, over there... ... Is your home in Creas?"

Tess turned around and asked, so as not to offend the other person. After reading her thoughts, Shirone confessed honestly.

"Oh, I have no family. I am a commoner."

"uh? A commoner?"

Tess' eyes widened. At first, she wondered if she was talking nonsense because she was nervous. Otherwise, wouldn't Lian be able to take a knight's oath to a commoner?

Tess turned to Amy. She said that she knew that there was no change in her feelings.

'What the hell is going on? What the hell is Lian thinking? Why is Amy again? How can someone from the Karmis family follow as a commoner's partner? Isn't this a couple trip?'

Tess, who had never experienced Shirone, was inevitably confused. Also, as much as he was surprised by Shirone, Lian's decision came more intensely.

Even if Shirone was a child with great abilities, it was easier said than done not to discriminate against her status.

Moreover, it was not just a friend, but a knight's oath that he had to serve as his master for the rest of his life.

'In a sense... ... It's like Lian.'

When Tess couldn't find anything to say for a long time, Shirone spoke first.

"Sorry. If you're uncomfortable... ... ."

"Oh, no. excuse me i did To be honest, I was so surprised that I didn't panic. By the way... ... am i weird? Everyone is calm, so it makes me look like a bad kid, ho ho ho!"

Tess hurriedly cut the mood. He was Lian's lord whether he was a commoner or aristocrat. If so, he thought that he shouldn't be foolish either.

'Tess, you're a righteous person.'

Shirone could sense what Tess was like. Would you say that she is the woman Lian chose?

It was impossible to make others laugh even while lowering oneself without sincere consideration.

"thank you for saying it like that. I've heard a lot about it. She's Lian's lover."

"Oh, what are you talking about? Did you really look like a lover? do we get along that well? Ho-ho-ho!"

Tess is starting to like Shirone. On the other hand, Lian's face turned red. It is an illusion that must be broken. But she only kept her mouth shut because she liked that Tess was nice to Shirone.

Amy looked back at Lian in surprise. When she heard of her plan to go to the island, she initially wondered what kind of sinister person had made this plan, but she was more honest and considerate than expected.

'The Ogent family, whose family was built only with swords. They say there is one genius with black hair, but this one has blue hair.'

Although the aristocratic rank is the second rank and not the royal family, it was because of the honest character that did not know compromise.

This kind of family is called 'pure' in the political world.

It refers to neutrality, and in peacetime, the influence on the political world is not so great.

However, it was a force that could never be taken lightly, as the political landscape changed depending on where the vote of innocence went in the event of a major upheaval in the country.

While Amy was thinking about that, Tess was looking at Shirone and Amy.

Both of them had a cute appearance and a bright energy in their eyes. Besides, I thought that he would insist on doing the same no matter what his actual personality was.

"By the way, what is the relationship between the two of you? Now that I see it, it fits really well. Between lovers?"

Tess asked, pointing at the two of them alternately, causing Amy to cry slightly. It was because she was taken in with the feeling that she was snuggly and mingling with her little ones.

=======================================
[124] New encounter (5)





Clearly, Tess was in great shape to be paired with the huge Lian. Her limbs were also long and tall, so her waistline was also deeply curved.

On the other hand, he was a wizard by anyone's eyes. He was of average height and of a rather thin build for his age.

Of course, physical beauty isn't all that appeals to her, but she couldn't help feeling shabby in front of Tess' force, one head taller.

"No, we are just friends. I have a special request to go with you."

"ah-ha, I see."

Tess didn't believe it straight away. She could guess that it was an unusual feeling just from the fact that a girl from the first rank of the aristocracy followed as a commoner's partner.

Lian thought the same. In fact, the thing I was most concerned about while planning this trip was if Shirone couldn't find her partner.

There is also a problem of status, but my personality is introverted, so I was worried that I might get hurt.

However, when he opened the lid, he brought a girl who was surprisingly beautiful even for him, who was not particularly interested in women.

Lian had always thought that a woman should have a cuteness that triggers a protective instinct like Amy.

On the other hand, Tess was the owner of skills that surpassed her own, so she had no chin to feel love feelings.

Even if it's just the ability of the schema, there are not many men who are attracted to women who are stronger than themselves.

'Take care, Shirone. I will actively push you.'

While Lian was planning a strategy, a wagon arrived that had been overhauled. The four people, each with their own luggage, moved toward the carriage.

It was then.

"this guy! Lian~!"

A tremendous decibel voice emanating from the mansion. Lian guessed that everything had been uncovered, just by the murder that was transmitted through the sound.

"Damn it! Guys, run!"

"what? What about the wagon?"

"It's too late for the ride! look behind you! You must go over the fence!"

The three of them looked around the mansion. An ocher-colored whirlwind soared into the sky and was approaching this direction.

Not even understanding the situation, Shirone and the others started running.

"Lian! What happened?"

"Damn it! Looks like your report card has arrived! I was actually in last place! Dad will kill us!"

"really? really kill? Just tell the truth and let's go. I'm going to play, what is this?"

"If you are confident, try it. i will run For reference, my dad is a certified 4th grade prosecutor."

The blood drained from the three faces. Tess activated the schema and jumped forward, followed by Amy.

Shirone's heart pounded backwards. I was running forward, but the wind was blowing from behind.

Running while pushing air meant that Bischoff's speed exceeded the human limit.

"Lian! I think we'll get caught!"

"I can't! I'll kill myself! You guys go to the island first and play!"

If it was Lian, it would be enough. But she can't leave her friend and go on a trip. Shirone came up with a solution even in the middle of his mind.

"Amy! Let's go teleport! Lian, don't move!"

Shirone grabbed Lian and cast a photonization spell. The bodies of the two people seemed to flash and shine, and immediately became a flash and jumped forward.

Lian, who had experienced teleportation for the first time, was dizzy. The field of view became extremely narrow and it felt as if all the scenery was being pushed towards me.

It was the magician's vision.

Amy also caught Tess and cast teleportation, as if she understood Shirone's words.

Two flashes of light rushed through the garden at breakneck speed. It was a situation where it could be smashed by hitting the cover, but Shirone and Amy did not allow even a single mistake.

Thinking that it was quite far away, Shirone looked back. But in the end, she had to grit her teeth, suppressing the feeling that she was going to burst into tears.

The whirlwind was drawing closer. They were destroying whatever they came across as cover.

It was natural for Ogent's symbol, Daejikdo, to come to mind.

"Amy! come here!"

Shirone shouted as she made a sudden stop in the middle of the thick forest. Then, Amy also canceled one turn to close the distance with Shirone.

A forest-destroying whirlwind was approaching from a distance of 100 meters.

Tess stomped her feet and shouted.

"Now what? Just to get caught?"

"Catch me! It will fly!"

Shirone expanded the radius of the Spirit Zone to its maximum. Even so, they couldn't leave the garden, but there was a way.

If you can't win in speed, just disappear from the coordinates for an instant.

"Goes!"

When the friends arrive, Shirone uses synesthesia to find a safe place. He never thought he would be able to use magic so quickly in practice that he thought he would have nothing to cast for a while.

As we cast space movement, aiming for the outskirts of the forest, the bodies of the four people burned with light and were sucked into the sky.

At the same time, a tremendous wind rushed in with the human figures, sweeping away the place where they were.

Bischoff sadly clenched the hand that couldn't hold Lian's. It was a brief difference.

"this... ... !"

Bischoff turned 180 degrees and braked with both legs. As if sliding on ice, his body was pushed over ten meters.

A mound of dirt 20 times his body weight rose over his heel. It was a sight that showed how much physical power his body possessed.

Bischoff looked at the path he had come on in a confused way. The ground was plowed and the trees were broken randomly.

It's all because of Lian. How dare you deceive your father.

"Imagination schema?"

He took out his report card with trembling hands. The more he thought about it, the more he could only sigh.

But on the other hand, I felt sorry for my poor son. How much training did you have to have the muscle strength that conforms to the schema?

'You can think of it as an effort prize.'

Anyway, it seemed that Shirone had already learned to move through space. As it is a magic that even pros find difficult, it was a tremendous growth for an achievement achieved in half a year.

Shirone and Lian. Lian and Shirone. Bischoff recalled the future of two boys bound together by one destiny.

Talents and inclinations are vastly different, but wouldn't the number of steps they took in the name of being the best?

"It must be a good memory, this too."

Bischoff tossed his report card over his shoulder and headed for the mansion.

island. Galliant(1)





After jumping over the fence of Ogent's mansion, Shirone and the others do everything they can to get out of the aristocratic area.

Thanks to the casting of space movement, it was out of Bischoff's expected coordinates, but it was not a safe situation.

This is because the movement of a schema adherent boasts an animal-like activity radius that cannot be escaped by a considerable amount of instant movement.

It was only after entering the downtown area that Shirone and the others breathed a sigh of relief. I still vividly recalled Bischoff's face.

No way I wanted to hurt my son, but it was too young to live with the appearance of a whirlwind approaching that I could do even worse.

Shirone sighed and said.

"What are you going to do now? I've come this far, so I can't go back."

"Doesn't it matter? Because I got a lot of money. Let's borrow her carriage and go to the port."

Lian had nothing to fear without his father. He'd get scolded someday, but he wasn't in the dark thoughts ahead of the fun trip.

They arrived at a stable on the outskirts of the city. In addition to selling horses to travelers, they also had a transportation business that hired a coachman to drive them to their destination.

It was not a situation to spare to meet the ship's time, so Lian rented a four-seater carriage that could be started immediately.

Lian and Tess sat side by side, and Shirone and Amy were seated facing each other. Since it was a seat used by commoners, the inside was cramped, so we had to sit close together.

The carriage started in an awkward atmosphere, but the tension was quickly relieved thanks to the cool breeze coming through the windows.

Tess cooled her sweat with a hand fan and looked at Shirone.

Although he had never learned magic, he knew how difficult it was to teleport through a dense forest. As expected, he was a wizard of a considerable level.

However, if you just want to find someone who is good at magic, there are plenty of nobles. Doubts still lingered in that the shock was not strong enough for Lian to take the oath of knighthood.

"hit. But what was the second magic? It felt strange for teleportation."

"Oh, that's space travel. It must have been a little dizzy because space curves along the axis of time."

"what? You said it was space travel?"

Tess was startled. Her friends also went to magic school, but none of them mastered space movement.

It is because it is not magic that can be done only by knowing the theory. It was a matter of mental strength, and it was an area that could only be conquered with time and effort.

"Awesome. Did you get a chance or something? Oh, I'm not ignoring this, I know that space movement is a magic that only pros use. Isn't it difficult if you don't learn magic from a young age?"

Tess thought that Shirone had been introduced to the magical world through an act of childhood. Otherwise, there was no way commoners could learn magic.

Shirone meekly nodded. It was half right and half wrong, but it wasn't a particularly important issue, so I didn't feel the need to correct my misunderstanding.

"right. If it wasn't for Lian, I wouldn't have been able to attend magic school. The Ogent family helped me get into magic school."

"As expected. Oh, but I think that alone is great. Since I was young, I competed with aristocrats, so I must have been very nervous outside of my studies."

"haha! At first it was. But it's fine now. Amy also protected me a lot."

"Hey, what did I do? On a topic that I didn't even talk about."

Amy snorted and turned her head away. She didn't show it, but she was frustrated by Shirone's humble answer.

Tess didn't seem to think that Shirone, a mere commoner, had learned advanced magic through her own efforts.

It would have been a natural reaction since they had never known each other, but I didn't like the way they dismissed the arduous journey that Shirone had taken as an accident.

It was Lian who scratched Amy's itchy spot.

"Anyway, that was only half a year ago. Shirone has only been learning magic for half a year."

"What, half a year?"

Tess looked back at Lian enough to break her neck. This time, too, her mind went dark.

Space movement cannot be mastered in half a year by any means. Apart from the prosecutor's way of thinking, this was common sense among the common sense spread in aristocratic society.

Tess glanced across the other side. Shirone smiled, but Amy still crookedly rested her chin on her and didn't even meet her eyes.

Tess then realized her mistake.

Because swordsmen and wizards pursue different directions, their personalities are often opposite.

If swordsmen speak and listen as they feel, magicians infer countless meanings from the lines of words. From Amy's point of view, there was a high possibility that it seemed to disparage Shirone.

"Oops, I'm sorry. I didn't even know that, and I was just talking about strange things. I didn't mean to offend you. I would be angry if my lover was treated like this."

Amy's face turned red. Clearly, wizards know best how to handle language. But that's why I wasn't as immune to this kind of direct apology as a newborn child.

"My, what am I? I didn't say anything. And I'm not a lover! We are just friends."

Although she responded bluntly, Amy's expression was much more relaxed than before.

"Since we met for the first time, it is natural that we do not know each other. I understand Tess because she's honest, but she doesn't mean anything. If there is something you want to say in the future, you can do it."

Lian spoke directly as per his personality. Instead, Shirone and Amy stood still, unable to answer.

For those accustomed to arguing and weighing, the prosecutors' candid conversation was extremely burdensome.

=======================================
[125] Island. Galliant(2)





Tess struggled to hold back a laugh when she saw the two of them suddenly become less talkative. At the swordsmanship academy, he saw only his tough and tough peers, but when he met the students at the magic school, he felt like a younger brother even though they were the same age.

"By the way, Amy was also great. When did you learn schema?"

"Before entering magic school, I trained for about two years."

"Oh, it's rare to learn a schema when you're young. Aren't there a lot of things that say it's not good for growth?"

"I didn't really exercise. just... ... I just happened to see it."

Tess realized just by hearing that. Many gifted children can come out of the spirit zone, but schema is a method that overworks the body, so it was difficult to learn at an immature age.

However, with Hong's self-image memory, it would be possible to precisely control the body without going through a difficult training process.

"Aha, you can use the red face like that. It's the best."

"Yeah, it's nothing great. There is no build, and it only strengthens the strength a little. Compared to you, he must be at the level of a child. I saw it earlier, it was really fast. If it started accelerating, it would have been wide enough that I couldn't even cast teleportation."

"Ah, I'm a major, but you're a wizard, aren't you? Moreover, Lian still can't do the schema, so what? Now that I see it, there was a reason why the Karmis family was famous on the continent."

Shirone looked back at Lian in surprise.

"Lian, didn't you learn the schema? Then what about the firewood in my house? I thought it was a schema because I didn't say anything?"

"Ho-ho-ho! did rian do it? To borrow Mr. Quan's words, it must be stupidly strong muscle strength. Do you know what it was like at swordsmanship school? In the last test... ... ."

"Oh really! Why are you so interested in other people's private lives?"

Lian abruptly cut off his words. He might not know about anyone else, but he never wanted to let Shirone know about it.

But thanks to that, the atmosphere got better and everyone else talked about their school life. Even though they were in different fields, they were all students, so the conversation continued uninterrupted.

So they got to know each other.



* * *



Arriving at Creas Harbor, Shirone and his party found a ship to Galliant Island.

The large Galeas moored at Dock 6 was unfurling its sails as if it had finished preparing for departure.

Because all schools in the kingdom were on vacation at the same time, there were more tourists than usual. Cirone climbed onto the boat as if being swept away by the crowd and took her seat on the third floor deck.

There is a passenger room downstairs, but it was my first time on a boat, so it was fun to go and see the scenery.

The waves crashed and a salty wind blew. It was only after the port was submerged below the horizon that the party realized that they were floating on the sea.

"How many hours will it take?"

"I heard it's a five-hour boat ride from Creas Harbor."

"I see. If it was a little late, we could have left tomorrow. There are more people going to the island than I thought."

As Shirone said, there were many people on the deck. Half of them were merchants, but there were also tourists dressed as aristocrats. Also, there were quite a few people from other places other than Creas.

"As Lian said, it must be a famous island. What kind of place is it?"

"I did my research and brought it back."

As if Amy had been waiting, she took out her notebook. Tess, who had become friends with everyone by now, spoke openly.

"Ohh? As expected, meticulous personality."

"Yeah. I never thought to look for it."

As Shirone scratched his head shyly, Amy glared at him disapprovingly.

"You said you were exploring the ruins, but didn't you do your research beforehand?"

"haha! no, that's... ... ."

There are two kinds of travelers in the world. People who leave recklessly and people who investigate carefully and leave.

The former could be said to be about unknown romance and the latter to be efficient, but Amy belonged to the latter.

But Shirone couldn't belong anywhere. It was my first trip since I was born, so everything was amazing and unfamiliar.

"First, let me tell you about Galliant Island, where we are going. The site area is 1,500 square kilometers. It's a half-moon-shaped island, and the north is a natural cliff, so ships will have to return to the southern port. The west side is a mix of residential and resort areas, and the Kergo ruins are on the eastern side of the island. The Kergo Ruins are said to be the temple of Kergoin, who established civilization 2,000 years ago."

"Kergoin?"

"yes. Although now extinct, a small number of natives remain in the autonomous district in the center of the island. It is dark and short, but it is characterized by sunken eyes and small pupils. Oh, and he has tattoos praising Ankera on his face."

"What is Ankera?"

"It is the name of an ancient god that Kergoin believes in. And um... ... Aboriginal people chew on the hard root of a tree called loop, which seems to have hallucinogenic effects. That's why they call loops the god's stimulant. I was in a trance state. It is said that the cause of the destruction was religious conflict, but some say that the loop was overused and internal conflicts arose."

"I see. that's interesting. Hallucinogens destroy civilization."

"Perhaps because they abused it in the name of God. That's right, I heard from my brother, but most of the managers of the ruins are Kergoins, so you can see them. Instead, they said that they would not be able to enter the Aboriginal Autonomous Zone because outsiders were not allowed to enter. Oh, but my brother... ... ."

"yes? What did you say?"

Shirone asked curiously. The older brother Amy was talking about was probably Ares, an explorer. As he traveled all over the world, there was a high probability that he knew the Kergo ruins in detail.

"My brother said so. The fall of civilizations is not decided by scholars, and if you want to know about them, you will have to come up with something more important than the price of admission."

Shirone nodded with a meaningful expression.

"Hmm, then does that mean that there is something greater than the Kergo Ruins in the Autonomous District?

"I'm not sure. My brother is always like that. They know that if you ask a riddle, there is something more."

"haha! But I like this more fun? That's more important than the price of admission. What is it?"

Shirone's heart pounded. Listening to Ares' words as well as Alpheas', it was clear that the Kergo ruins were not just a tourist attraction.

When Shirone couldn't control his excitement like a child, Lian felt good in a different way. If the lord is Motivated Tang Chun, the guardian knight's duty becomes even more important. No matter what secrets were hidden in the ruins, he was determined to protect Shirone.

"Shirone, by the way, when are you planning to go? Aren't you going right away as soon as you arrive?"

"yes. First of all, it's a vacation, so we should have fun."

"Then I'll have to get a lodging first. When you get off at the port, let's go to the resort area. Because there is a place to bathe on the west beach. There are many things to see and many famous seafood restaurants."

Wanting to see the southern country as soon as possible, Tess clenched her fists and trembled with excitement.

"Ugh, that sounds like fun!"

There are still more than 4 hours left to arrive. However, the thrill of the trip quickly ate up the time, and finally the island they wanted began to be seen.

"Wow! see! It's Galliant Island!"

Passengers standing on the prow pointed to distant islands and shouted. As if responding to that sound, Shirone and the others rushed to the top of the deck.

The northern cliffs of Galliante Island greeted them. A vertical rock wall suddenly rose as if the thick sea of ??trees had been split with a sword.

Passengers shouted with excitement.

"At last we have arrived! Are you really cool?"

"Wow! Shopping is so good! I want to swim quickly!"

But the merchants were still lying on their backs. Because the port is in the south, I knew that I would have to go around the island for another 30 minutes.



Galliant Harbor.

The port was filled with people due to phosphoric acid. Merchants getting off the ship and merchants from the island running to the ship got tangled up, causing chaos.

Tourists had to get off relatively late, and Shirone and his party waited for the crowds to subside before stepping on land.

As soon as I got off, I felt the warmth of the southern country. Creas had already entered the early autumn weather, but it was still summer on Galliante Island.

The port where the merchants fell out was filled with people engaged in another industry. They were the ones who did solicitation to attract tourists to the store.

"now! Come to the Dolphin Inn! You can have a fun vacation with the lowest accommodation rates on the island! My wife says the food tastes amazing!"

"Those who want to eat authentic southern seafood! Come to our restaurant! A wagon that can move comfortably is also waiting!"

"I will lift your load! A bunch of sturdy porters waiting!"

Shirone and the others were distracted by the tout's voice.

No one has come forward openly yet, but it is true that it is attracting attention. First of all, I got a high score for not being an adult. Besides, the clothes and weapons he was wearing were all high quality, so it was only natural that the touts would pay attention.

Of course, there were not only honest merchants among them. In the alley on the other side of the dock, several groups of people making money illegally were hunting for game.

"Whoop whoop. Come on, who shall we peel and eat today?"

A boy named Jis looked at the crowd and his eyes lit up. Behind him, two friends were looking at the same place.

What made them different from the solicitors outside was that they were not store owners. In the end, it could be said that he was a backstreet bad boy who made money only with his tongue.

The bad boy on the land and the bad boy on the island are different from each other in temperament. It was their life that they could not get even a piece of bread if they followed the rules set by the world in a space floating in the open sea.

In particular, Jess had a strong rebellious temperament from a young age and grew up receiving all sorts of scoldings. It wasn't once or twice that he was beaten by nobles for showing his pride.

But even that experience was now just a useful tool for making money.

"Wow, there are so many people because it's the holiday season. Jess, can we get our share today?"

"Anyway, half of them are dog hair. Don't be gaudy on the surface. You have to choose the right one to be successful."

Jess carefully searched for customers. However, the friends who had to earn a day's worth of money were impatient.

"Jis, choose quickly. Everyone else just snatched it up."

"okay. wait."

Jess scanned the harbor with a hawk's eye. But before he could even look at the whole thing, his gaze stopped at dock 3.

Four people of similar age were having a conversation, and among them, a red-haired girl caught Jiss eye.

The features on her small face were so clear that even from afar, she felt pretty.

"Hey, that's it! let's make that group can you see Two men, two women."

"really? Is there a big kid over there? Besides, you're wearing a sword, aren't you? Let's just pick someone else."

"These are real. Who am I? Isn't it Mr. Jiss, the ruler of the port? A guy like that is a coward. If not, would you say you're crazy and come to the tourist destination with a sword?"

"Oh, that's a bit dangerous. No way, Jis you... ... Also, isn't the mental illness of falling in love with a woman you've never met? What if you are a mercenary?"

"mind! Can't you just look at it? you are a student Students say they can't lay a finger on us anyway. I'll do it with a strong strategy, so be good at assisting. Never pretend to be a noble. Guys like that need to be pushed back."

Jess led two friends out of the alley. Even on the way to the dock, he was afraid that other touts would snatch him away, but as the girl's face gradually came into focus, even that thought was blown away.

'What is this girl? really pretty... ... .'

It was natural romance for an island boy to feel love for a foreign woman. However, this was the first time that he felt sublime beyond her love.

Jess hurriedly gathered her mind and approached. If you leave it like this, it will be taken away by other solicitors.

=======================================
[126] Island. Galliant(3)





"Hey, welcome to Galliant. Are you on vacation?"

Jess raised his hand in a friendly tone. No matter how noble, it was the manual of this floor not to use honorifics to Hogu.

In a sense, it was like risking your life to make money, but even if it was four months, it was enough to hide for a month.

It was because there were few cases in which those who came to play from across the sea returned home to inflict harm again.

"Yes, I came to play with my friends."

Shirone smiled and welcomed him. Amy, on the other hand, was blatantly impressed. She knew what they were approaching because she had been in touch with the world of darkness as she commanded her back alleys in her childhood.

"Looks like a student. where is your school It must be a prestigious school, right?"

"Alpheas Magic School."

"Aha! i know there It's close, so quite a lot of people come to play."

Amy felt sorry for her. She shouldn't have revealed that she was a student, but if I told her what school she came from, it was no different than that she would catch me.

"But these people are good in size for wizards."

"what? We're from the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy! You're tall because you're a prosecutor, you idiot!"

As expected from Jess, Tess was furious. She was proud of her figure, but she had no intention of bundling herself in a package with Lian and hearing her say she liked her size.

"haha! sorry. Because I don't have a horse. It was a compliment, but it must have been taken strangely."

Jess thought it was over. The reason why the last people in life can be proud even in front of the nobility is because they are not bound by the rules set by the world.

On the other hand, the nobility was in a position where there were quite a lot of things to be arrested. Alpheas Magic School and Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy are famous for their strong discipline. If you had an accident at a tourist destination, you would not be able to avoid punishment.

"Anyway, welcome. My name is Jis, a local guide. If you hire me, you can take care of everything from sightseeing to lodging."

"We haven't finished talking to each other yet. I'll think about it."

Shirone repeated what she had said to the solicitors who had approached her so far.

But Jis' gang was different from them. Since he had already caught his weakness, he persisted and insisted on hiring him.

"Oh, why is this? If you go to a good school, won't you have a lot of money? That we are really poor people. Are you here to spend money anyway?"

It was only then that Shirone realized that he was no mere solicitor. Lian's and Tess's eyes seemed to feel the same, and they cooled down.

Jess' friends, who met the prosecutor's eyes, flinched and retreated. But Jess didn't blink an eye.

'Whoops, they won't be able to do anything about us anyway.'

Having worked as a solicitor since he began to grow older, he was keen on inland information.

Alpheas Magic School strictly forbids the use of magic outside the country. Since the magic school was like that, there was no need to mention the swordsmanship school that emphasized chivalry.

Of course, there were times when I was caught and beaten by a bad-tempered student, but wouldn't I have to endure it to make a living? Moreover, based on that experience, Jis's tightrope walking skills had already reached the peak.

"Don't do that, just trust me. I'll tell you how to have the most fun on Galliant Island. Let's go. What man doesn't have a pulpit? Sprinkle some money in front of the beautiful ladies. huh? are you going? Then am I carrying the burden?"

"Wait! I will discuss it one last time."

"Whoa, okay. But if you come this far and refuse, it's really bad."

Jess was already carrying a heavy load in both hands.

Shirone looked at her friends in embarrassment. It was the first time I had ever had such an enemy, and Jis's attitude was on the line of being ambiguous to anger, so I couldn't treat him harshly.

"What do we do? Should I leave it to him?"

"You know the name of the school. They know that we can't do it recklessly, so they stretch out confidently."

Hearing Amy's words, Tess' medication rose. It was a vile method, but it was certainly effective. Originally, it was a personality that should have been released immediately, but it was proof that he was still holding back his anger.

Lian, on the other hand, paid little attention. The only criterion he had in mind was Shirone's safety.

"I don't really care. If Shirone wants it, I'll just follow him. If you say you don't like it, if you insist on it, just beat it up and throw it away."

For Lian, this trip was not just a vacation. After taking an oath to be a knight, he and Shirone came out for the first time. One day, I will come across countless situations like this, so it was good to experience this or that situation in advance for the sake of the future.

"Ah, my arm hurts. Can't you make a quick decision? Everything you do now is money."

"That bastard is real!"

Shirone stopped Tess from approaching Jess. As long as the school's honor was at stake, he wanted to avoid unnecessary violence.

"OK. I'll hire you. How much is it?"

"haha! well thought out Because it's you, I'll give you a special discount. Just give me 5 gold."

"yes? 5 gold?"

Shirone opened her eyes wide. Only 5 gold to hire a guide. It was an outrageous ripoff. I don't know the price of the island, but no matter how expensive it was, it didn't seem like it would exceed 1 gold.

"Isn't that too expensive?"

"Ah, what are you talking about? If you pay 5 gold, they will do everything without doing anything? I'll lend you a carriage, arrange lodging, and show you around tourist attractions. It's cheap enough."

Amy was annoyed. From the start, she didn't want to make a fuss, so she stayed still, but now that she's found a weak point, she even intends to take off her underwear and eat it.

They won't even guide you properly anyway. Besides, even if he did, 5 gold would be an extravagant amount ten times the market price.

'Ha, this is why I should have cut it in the grass.'

Amy regretted recalling the past. Why did she forget? The fact that this kind of people have a habit of climbing rather than stepping on them strongly.

"But no matter how much, 5 gold is a bit... ... ."

"This is a tourist destination. Of course it is more expensive than the market price."

"Well, anyway... ... ."

"it's okay. Just give it away and go somewhere else."

Amy rummaged through her pockets. Wearing such people will only have the opposite effect. It was clear that once she backed off, she would demand more and more money for her weakness.

"Now, 5 gold here. I'll give it to you, so take it and leave."

Amy threw gold coins at Jess' feet. Brilliant golden coins bounced at her feet.

"wow! gold coins! A real gold coin!"

Jis's friends hurriedly picked up the gold coins that had fallen on the ground. Jis, on the other hand, did not move as if it had frozen.

If someone else had scattered the money, they might have picked it up and ran away, just like their friends. However, he couldn't crawl on the ground at all in front of her worm-like gaze.

"... ... What are you doing? What are we?"

"When is it different? I don't need a guide or anything, so just disappear right in front of my eyes."

"This is real! Did you say everything?"

"Hey, wait a minute. Don't get excited... ... "

Shirone tried to intervene with a puzzled expression. It's upsetting to be ripped off, but I didn't expect Amy to turn out this way either.

"Shirone, it's okay. It's called dumping. What are you going to do? These are just scammers. They'll extort more money on the excuse of showing you around. They are human scum that cannot be rehabilitated."

Jess's friends were stingy. It was literally that kind of business.

Shirone frowned and turned around.

"Amy, stop it."

"What are you stopping? You know that we are afraid and avoid it because you accept it? I'd rather see you here... ... ."

"Stop it though."

Amy then shut her mouth. Since Shirone was not a noble, he might have felt uncomfortable seeing the scene from earlier.

But if this was not done, they would cling to it like leeches and suck blood until they withered to death.

Jess gritted her teeth and held back her anger. It was a life he had endured with only his pride. No matter how much he was insulted by the nobles, his heart was never broken.

"Gee, Jess. let's stop You got the money."

"Give it to me."

"yes? What?"

"Give me the gold coin. Do you want to live like this? Don't you have any pride as a man on the island?"

Jess took the gold coins from his friends one by one. I was thrilled just by carrying such a heavy weight.

But he clenched his fists as if to suppress his desire. And he looked back at Amy with cold eyes.

"Heh, arrogant nobles. I'm really envious of throwing 5 gold. How does that feel? I can't even imagine, can I?"

Jess raised her chin proudly and scattered gold coins at Amy's feet. Coins rolled around, shining brilliantly.

"Aha? Are you feeling like this? That's awesome. Guys, let's go."

Jess took her friends and went into an alley.

Amy was stunned by their brazenness. However, the target to fight was already gone.

"Ugh, just those. Shirone, why did you dry it? Guys like that need to be seen."

"I know. But if you really don't like it, you can get angry or reject it. I don't think it was necessary to do this."

"What does that mean? Are you saying I look down on people because I have a lot of money?"

"I don't think so. But it turned out like that."

"Are you saying that even though you know what kind of bastards they are? Didn't you also get hurt when you were little?"

Shirone pursed his lips and asked. Maybe Amy is right. However, she did not want to see her act blaspheming others no matter how bad she was.

"it's okay. go or go Let's grab the wagon first."

When Shirone didn't say anything, Amy turned around and walked away. Tess, who was looking at her, scratched her head in embarrassment.

"this. The situation has become ambiguous."



* * *



Entering the alleyway of Dock 3, Jess quarreled with her friends. He was supposed to catch his share when the ship came in, but now that his guests had gone out too, all he could do was argue.

"Jis! What if I give that money back! If it's 5 gold, it's money that you don't have to pay for a few days."

"Don't you have any pride? You throw money away in front of your eyes, so you want me to accept it like a beggar?"

"Then how about it? After all, money is money."

"I can't do that. damn bitch! Even if you ignore me, you're still oily!"

Jess clenched his fists and trembled. But his friends couldn't understand him. What is it that makes you feel bad?

Of course, the behavior of the woman who threw away the money was a great humiliation to them, but the arrogant attitude of the nobles was not a recent thing anyway.

"Jiss, be honest. Did you have a crush on her?"

"what? Why do I like such a girl?"

"You build up your pride in front of the girl you like. But she said the boy is a nobleman. It can't be done anyway, and if you see that they give out 5 gold easily, the rank of the nobles will be very high."

"So what? What if everything is noble? I'm Jis The body that will become the ruler of the port!"

At that moment, footsteps were heard in the dark alley. Jis's hair stood on end at the characteristic sound of the gong driven into the sole of his shoe as it collided with the ground.

So did other friends. There was only one person in the harbor who made the sound of footsteps like this.

"Hey, Jess."

He was a middle-aged man of medium height. A strong impression and fierce eyes like poisonous snakes. It was Falcoa, the leader of Freeman's organization, which Jis's gang belonged to.

Jess shook her shoulders. Falcoa was cruel. He didn't mind being beaten, befitting his penchant for violence. If the number was wrong, whether it was 10 or 100 people, they ran and beat them at random. The word Galliant's idiot didn't come out of nowhere.

"Ah, Brother Falcoa. hello."

Falcoa teased his chin and wrapped his arms around Jess. A disgusting smell stung Jess' nostrils. A drug addict, he never took the loop out of his mouth for a moment.

"Give it up. Did you get the money?"

"Ah, that... ... uh, no."

"doesn't exist?"

There was a cool light in Falcoa's eyes. Thinking that they would have to pay for it at this rate, Jess' friends prostrated themselves on the floor.

"Sah, save me! They said they wouldn't ride our wagon! I clung to the end, but I was threatened... ... ."

"yes? Then what did you throw up earlier? It's not money, it's shit?"

Jess's heart sank. He pretended not to know and seemed to have watched from beginning to end.

Is this how a frog bitten by a viper's fangs feels? I couldn't breathe for fear.

"Haha, what do you do with these cute things?"

=======================================
[127] Island. Galliant(4)





Shirone's party rented a wagon outside the port and went to the western resort. The wide white sandy beach was beautiful even from a distance. Numerous shops were lined up, and accommodations were built like mountain village houses along the mountain.

The place Lian rented was a villa located halfway up the mountain. As befits an aristocrat-only building, the site was large enough for four people to stay, and the view of the sea at a glance was satisfactory.

Shirone watched the sea from the terrace. The blue sea was foaming up and rushing into the white sandy beach.

As I watched the people leisurely bathing in the sea, I was able to forget the unpleasant dispute at the port for a moment.

Shirone and the others packed their belongings and lit a fire in the fireplace. After that, we gathered in the living room and relaxed for a while.

I was hungry because I hadn't eaten anything except snacks from the morning until the afternoon.

Tess, who was thinking about what kind of food to eat to spread rumors that she ate well, bumped her palms as if she had come up with a good idea.

"Aha, should we rather eat?"

Lian turned to her with a startled expression.

"What? Do you know how to cook too?"

"Huh, of course not. Did you think that prosecutors can't even cook?"

"What else do I say? Military-style combat rations are acceptable."

"What do you see a real person as? Do you know how to cook properly?"

Lian made a surprised expression. She hadn't thought that the bum-like girl would say that she was confident in her cooking.

But this was exactly what Tess wanted. If I could imprint a different side of myself on Lian, this trip was a great success.

"I'll cook the most delicious dish for you, so you just need to buy the ingredients. how?"

"Hmm, is that so? Actually, it's a bit like going out to eat from the first day, isn't it? Shirone, how are you?"

"I'm fine too. The food you eat outside is delicious."

Amy opened her mouth cautiously.

"then... ... Shall I, cook?"

All eyes were focused on Amy. Of course, she wasn't like Tess, so it wasn't like she couldn't cook.

However, he hadn't expected that the miser-like personality would make food for men by herself.

Tess sensed Amy's heart with a woman's sense of smell.

'Shirone, to be precise? Huhu, you have a very cute personality unlike what you see?'

Tess was strongly in favor. If the two could reconcile on this occasion, there would be nothing better.

"great. Let's have a cooking showdown! Lian vs Shirone! The two of them will get the ingredients and we'll prepare to cook. how?"

Everyone agreed, and Shirone and Lian headed to the market with the list of ingredients the women had written down.

As the men disappeared, the atmosphere softened.

Tess, who was standing side by side washing the dishes, turned to Amy with mischievous eyes and asked.

"Is this your first time?"

"yes? What are you talking about?"

"You know just by looking at it. Wasn't it your first fight with Shirone? You could clearly see they were flustered while arguing."

Amy hurriedly returned her gaze to the tableware.

"We didn't fight, it wasn't the first time we fought, and it wasn't even a fight for love."

Tess giggled at the sorcerer's three-level denial.

Wizards are said to be insidious because they are different from the outside, but in this case, it seemed to be rather cute.

"Still, did you keep a meticulous list of ingredients? Ho-oh, now that I see it, are you noticing tickling?"

Amy stopped washing the dishes and thought. She was between girls anyway, so she couldn't say anything. In the end, she surrendered to Tess' questioning and confessed her inner feelings.

"Shirone... ... Sometimes it feels faint."

"Oh, is it faint? That is poetic."

Amy laughed, as if it was strange even to think of it.

"But it is true. Should I be transparent? As if it would disappear right in front of your eyes. Perhaps it is because Shirone has a different perspective than other people."

"A different view? Could it be that you have eyes in strange places?"

"It could be. Most people see the world from their own point of view. But some people extend their horizons to the point of view of others. We usually call such a person a personality."

"Hmm, if you think about it like that, I'm definitely not a person. You never know what other people think."

"So do i. But Shirone is different. He's kind and considerate, but I think the biggest factor is his different point of view."

Tess smiled as if realizing it.

"Aha! So the point is that he supported those bullies and didn't take Amy's side. right? Right?"

Amy scratched her cheek in embarrassment.

"Well what... ... . But if he was just a nice guy, he'd think so. But Shirone is different. In a sense, he has a different perspective than a person with personality."

"A different view? What other sights do you have?"

Amy raised her index finger and pointed at the ceiling.

"Is it an omniscient point of view?"

"Omniscient... ... ?"

"yes. When Shirone begins to see the world from an omniscient point of view, Shirone fades. It is different from us and different from any other human being. It is probably because he has an extremely high field of view where even his own existence is seen as a mere dot."

Amy still remembers it vividly. The moment Shirone opened the Immortal Function without hesitation in order to save her entire school.

How could that be? It was different from suicide. Giving one's life for others was a thousand times harder than choosing death for one's own pain.

"When Shirone becomes transparent... ... The boundary between self and others is blurred. Even you yourself become just a single human being just like everyone else. When you look down at the world from that point of view, what dominates Shirone? I think it's a balance If one side of the scale tilts even slightly, Shirone will be able to get on the other side without hesitation. Even if the scale is death."

"Ah, nonsense. Where would such a person be? Isn't that a literal visionary?"

"But it is true. Because I am the one who benefits from that balance. No, all the students at the magic school were saved by Shirone."

Tess couldn't close her gaping mouth. One student saved the lives of the entire school. How much longer must I be surprised before I can say I knew about Shirone?

A look of sadness crossed Amy's face.

"I just had a thought. When Shirone stopped me, I wondered if maybe I was just a small dot looking at it from a high place. Shirone is with me. No, no different than anyone else. That's why I'm excellent as a mage, but sometimes I'm sad."

Tess gently shook Amy's shoulder.

"Amy, don't think so. Shirone really cares for you. So even though she thought it was a couple trip, she was asking you for a favor. You're not like the common people on the streets. Always Karmis Amy."

Amy smiled at Tess' sincere encouragement. But that didn't change her mind.

How much value does the existence of others have to Shirone, who coldly throws away even her own life?

"Amy, tell Shirone instead. Why didn't you listen to me? I am so very sad and angry that I will not be able to sleep. Can we talk like that?"

Amy smiled and shook her head.

"Shirone should know. The reason why you didn't refute my words was because you were convinced. don't worry too much it will be released soon It's just like you said, it's awkward because it's the first time."

Tess, with her direct personality, was frustrated. Once your feelings are offended, shouldn't you call the person involved and put an end to it?

However, Amy ended up saying that there was nothing to talk about because everyone knew each other.

"Whoa, I don't know how wizards think."



* * *



Shirone and Lian arrived at the general store alley. The list of ingredients written on each piece of paper was different, so I felt like I would miss the evening when I looked around the maze-like shopping mall.

Shirone thought it would be better to move separately.

"Let's break up here. I think I can just buy something and go back to the villa."

"Is that so? But can you lift it by yourself? It must be heavy."

Shirone looked at Lian with an absurd expression. No matter how weak you are, can't you even lift garlic, onion, and pepper? Even though he had sworn an oath to become a knight, worrying about his shopping cart was not an option.

"it's okay! I'll take care of myself, so don't get lost. You know it's a cooking showdown, right? The loser washes the dishes."

"great! Get along with Amy and let her do the dishes. It's better to hope that you lose. If you want to reconcile with Amy."

"What is reconciliation? We didn't even fight."

"yes? Didn't you fight in the harbor? So, are you in a situation where you feel awkward with each other?"

"Amy is not so narrow-minded. There was just a little disagreement. If we exchange opinions with each other, anything can happen."

"haha! You idiot, that's what you call a fight."

Shirone stopped talking. It was like that before, and it is like that now. When he heard that Lian was an idiot, he felt strangely embarrassed.

"Anyway, it's okay. I'll go buy vegetables first, so see you at the villa."

"Then I have to cut off meat first. Go first!"

Shirone stared blankly at Lian, who was charging toward the butcher shop. Just watching him run, he couldn't imagine how much meat he would cut off.

Shirone checked the note Amy had written. I don't know what kind of dish it is, but there were no hard-to-find ingredients.

However, the number of ingredients was more than that of Lian, so I had to work diligently to make it on time.

Shirone went around for about 30 minutes and bought most of the ingredients. At the same time, I also did sightseeing, and maybe because it was a resort, there were many unique and mysterious shops.

Vending machines with products and games were popular, and various performances and street marches were not uncommon.

For a commercial district to focus on entertainment to this extent, a huge number of tourists had to come in without a break.

As the saying goes, the streets were overflowing with people, and the sound of free laughter that could not be felt on the continent embroidered the southern sky.

'Wow, there are so many interesting shops. I'll have to play here tomorrow.'

After finishing the chapter, Shirone headed back to the villa.

At that moment, the door of the shop in front of me opened wide, and a woman fell to the floor as if being pushed.

"Kyaaaaagh!"

"Kyaa?"

Shirone's head tilted at the strange scream. But she quickly came to her senses and moved closer.

It was a woman in her mid-twenties. She had bobbed hair and she had her bangs straight along her eyebrows, but thanks to her pretty face, she didn't look ridiculous.

"Why, why are you like this? What do you think I did wrong?"

The woman got up and covered her chest with her arms. She was wearing a dress that cut her breasts like a saloon woman.

His eyebrows were thin and his eyes were sharp, but his expression with the huge man in front of him looked as gentle as a herbivore.

"Hey, why are you doing this? We want to play together."

"I am not that kind of girl!"

"No, what isn't it? If you go around wearing that at a tourist destination, just ask. Why don't you come and play with me?"

The person who intimidates the woman is a man named Gamoth, who was a famous wealthy man on Galliant Island.

It was a huge body, but it was far from muscle, so it was made of scaffolding, and the abdominal obesity was especially serious.

However, the power of money seemed to be frightening, and on the left and right were accompanied by strong bodyguards.

"Follow me when I say nice things. To be honest, you're not in a position to drop out either, are you?"

"Help me! Help me!"

Even while Gamos grabbed the woman's wrist and was dragged away, no one stopped her.

Tourists don't like to get involved in dangerous things in other places. Also, the locals were afraid of Gamos' influence.

=======================================
[128] Island. Galliant(5)





"Hey! Stop!"

Shirone took a step and shouted.

Garmoth looked back at Shirone with an absurd expression. I wondered if a guy who didn't know anything about anything jumped out, but he was a boy not yet twenty, and he was carrying a shopping cart in both his hands.

"What are you? Where does the child of a laborer grow up?"

"Please free her. Everyone is watching, and the security will come soon."

"Puhahaha! security? Do you know who I am?"

"If you know who you are, what difference does it make? If it continues like this, I will go and call the guards myself."

"Hmm... ... ."

As Garmoth relaxed her hands, the woman hurriedly escaped and hid behind Shirone's back. She was just a boy, but the only people she depended on were four, Shiro, in the crowd.

"Help me. that person me... ... ."

Garmoth frowned and approached.

"Something like a beggar annoys people. Hey, kid, I'm a trader here on Galliant Island. That woman stole my things. She said that she also tried to steal fine porcelain and broke it and ate it."

"Yes? pottery?"

Shirone blinked. If the man's words are true, then the woman standing behind her would be saying that she was stealing.

In the end, it was said that he tried to get compensation with his body because he stole something, and it was enough to cover the right and wrong, but it was an ambiguous situation to take someone's side.

"yes. Of course, I used that as an excuse to ask for my body. But since I damaged the item, shouldn't I be compensated in some way? Even if she calls the guards, she says it's that woman who is being taken away."

When Shirone turned around, the woman whose eyes met hurriedly averted her gaze.

"Is what he said true?"

"Yes, sorry. But I really needed that pottery. Really."

"ha ha ha! There is no case in the world where pottery is absolutely necessary. money if you need it I was just trying to make money. Now you understand, kid? It's better not to get involved with a girl like that. Of course, if you're looking for a one-night stand, it's perfect. Isn't that right, gentlemen?"

The onlookers burst into laughter along with Garmoth. It wasn't a situation that made me laugh, but it was because the tension that had been overlapped with various factors was relieved at once.

"It looks like you came to hang out with your friends, so why not cook some delicious food. This is what happens when you carelessly interfere in the affairs of adults."

The woman waved Shirone's arm and ejaculated.

"Please don't go. You never know what that man will do if you go."

"How about embroidering? Talk to the guard and it will be resolved."

"Never. That man has a tight grip on this island. Please trust me."

"How much does the pottery cost?"

"I don't know the price, but it's probably around 50 silver."

Shirone was lost in thought. It's not difficult for her to shell out 50 silver for a woman. But is it really right to compensate her for having money? Just as she had no right to condemn anyone's sins, she thought, she had no right to pardon anyone's sins.

Shirone made a decision and approached Garmoth.

"I will reimburse the price of the pottery instead. So please release the woman."

Gamos narrowed his eyes in surprise. Of course, 50 silver is not a lot of money for nobles. However, what is the intention of protecting the woman even while confronting herself, who is in a powerful position in Galliant?

"Ahh, now that I see it, you intend to occupy it? Well, where would a kid like you get such a beauty for 50 silver?"

Shirone's brow narrowed. Well, I was offended by the words of Garmoth, who treated me as horny just because I could see something in my eyes.

"I don't think so. Do you think everyone is like you?"

"Then why are you leaving? That woman was stealing. Just hand her over to the guards and she'll be fine."

"It's not for me to judge what this woman did. Still, the reason she spends 50 silver is because she believes that she shouldn't pay a greater price for her sins. If she intends to add something of her own to this woman, she will take this money and finish it."

The woman who heard Shirone's words lit up her eyes as if she had realized something. Gamos, on the other hand, snorted at her. I only pay 50 silver, so what's the point of thinking so complicated?

"Here, 50 silver. Please forgive her now."

Garmoth stared at the silver coin on Shirone's palm.

To be honest, I couldn't feel better. She was also a woman to be missed, and she didn't like Shirone's attitude either.

From his point of view, it looked like an ignorant kid who was enchanted by the beauty and turned his eyes away.

"There is no need for compensation. It's overflowing and overflowing anyway, because it's money. Instead, there is one condition."

"condition? What is it?"

"I know you are a wonderful man who sacrifices himself for women. If so, can you apologize to me on behalf of that woman? It means to bow your head to me in front of everyone."

The attention of the onlookers was focused on Shirone. It was not common to endure humiliation for the sake of others, but Shirone willingly walked out.

"OK. If you forgive me for that, I apologize."

"Don't just talk, keep your head down. I mean to offer a very polite apology."

Shirone bent down deeply.

"I apologize on behalf of this woman for stealing the pottery. Please forgive me."

"Hmm."

The man arrogantly lowered his eyes and looked at Shirone. Then he burst out laughing, so he took a step and whipped out an uppercut.

Seeing the fist rising in front of her eyes, Shirone reflexively backed away. The back of the giant's hand passed in front of him, causing the sound of the wind.

"What, what are you doing?"

Gamos clicked his tongue as if he knew that and pointed at Shirone.

"Look. did you avoid it? You didn't really apologize to me. Maybe you could have saved that woman if you had been punched. but you avoided It's because I was afraid of getting hit. now you know The world isn't that kind. If you can refute, try it. You are just pretending to be nice."

People agreed to Garmoth's words. If she really meant to save her, she could have shut her eyes and beaten her. But Shirone avoided it. After all, she was saying that she was faking it.

Voices of contempt flew from here and there.

"So it is. He took all the forms, and now he is revealing his true colors. I thought I was a great saint again, what is it?"

"Anyway, kids these days are so rude. That way, I know he looks really cool."

Shirone couldn't understand people's reactions.

"What's wrong with my avoidance?"

"I still don't know how embarrassing this is! Everyone watching here is disappointed in you. At one point, he acted like a great apostle of justice, and it was all a pretense!"

Shirone's face turned into an embarrassment.

"What are you talking about? Isn't it better to do something good, even if it's fake, than to do something bad like you?"

"what? that's... ... ."

Garmoth became mute after eating honey. Even those who had been ridiculing them could not hide their bewilderment.

The woman who stood back and watched the situation came to a conclusion close to certainty.

'My guess was correct. this child... ... It's a wizard.'

The magician does not ask 'Who is the correct answer?' What they questioned was 'what is the correct answer?'

This boy doesn't rationalize himself. The method of acknowledging the facts and inferring the correct answer was a common thinking system among wizards.

The woman sneered at the dumb people who ate honey.

'Hmph, those who didn't even think of helping anyone but were only focused on degrading other people's good deeds, that's why you guys can't do it.'

In any case, it was time to move. It was best to get out of the gap where people's eyes were focused on Shirone and Gamos.

The woman, who moved slowly along the wall, quickly turned a corner and disappeared at some point.

Meanwhile, Garmoth's face was flushed. The boy, who had offended everyone from his appearance until now, was now blaspheming his own outlook on life.

Even in front of a lot of people.

"Little boy, you seem to have touched the wrong person."

Garmoth's voice sank heavily. It was her original voice after taking off the merchant's mask. Then, the quick-witted bodyguards pulled out the swords that were worn around their waists.

Living is just an idea, but it is a force that affects reality. This is because humans imagine death just by having a sharpened long sword in space.

"What are you looking at? Hurry up and beat it up!"

At Garmoth's instructions, bodyguards rushed from left and right. He wouldn't kill people recklessly, but he was prepared to cut down if necessary.

At that moment, dirt and dust flew in the eyes of the bodyguard. Then another stone flew in and hit another bodyguard in the forehead.

Shirone looked back at the spot where the stone flew. On the way into the alley, the woman from earlier was standing with a pile of stones in her arms.

She continued to throw stones at him. Then, as her bodyguards backed off, she grabbed Shirone by the wrist and ran down her alleyway.

"Let's run away! Follow me this way!"

"uh? there... ... ."

Shirone knew early on that the woman had left.

Even so, I thought it was fortunate that I pretended not to know.

Gamos, who I had a direct conversation with, was a person who would make a woman pay much harsher than the punishment for her sins.

"Then why did you come back?"

"hurry! If you get entangled with them, you'll be in trouble!"

The two of them ran down the maze-like alleyway. Thanks to the woman penetrating the complex road, the figure of the two disappeared from the bodyguard's sight in an instant.

Garmoth's voice came from the market.

"Catch them all and catch them! I'll throw out a very premature sentence!"



* * *



The warehouse was hot with the heat of violence. Falcoa's kicks mercilessly slammed into Jess' side as he fell to the floor and curled up.

It felt like my heart stopped every time I hit it. I was so terrified that I couldn't even remember where I was hit. Stimulation and non-stimulation were all that could be felt.

"A worm-like child. That's right, do you feel good? huh? You'll feel good. So be more correct."

Jess's friends were kneeling in the corner of the warehouse.

My eyes were swollen from crying, but the tears showed no signs of stopping.

"Please forgive me! We'll go out and earn it! I really want to die like this!"

"Oh yeah? Then, will you be right from now on?"

My friends' bodies stiffened. Falcoa's face, with her eyes wide open, looked like a demon.

If you put your mind to it, you could kill Jiss as much as you like. But Falcoa didn't purposely punch him in the face. That fact made me even more afraid.

Falcoa grabbed Jess by the hair and lifted it with all his might. Jess jumped to his feet even when his strength was exhausted.

He wasn't hit in the head, but his eyes were open. It felt like my brain was paralyzed just by the mental shock.

"Sah, save me. sorry... ... ."

"Are you sick? it hurts? Tell me. it hurts? it hurts?"

Falcoa slapped Jess across the cheek. Even though it wasn't a particularly powerful attack, Jis convulsed every time he was hit.

Friends burst into tears again.

'Oh, you crazy child. I'm going to catch a real person like this.'

Falcoa kicked Jess to the ground. It wasn't for any particular reason.

If I had to argue, it was because I felt the medicinal effect of the loop I put in my mouth was diminishing?

"You said you gave back 5 gold because your pride was hurt? nice You're so handsome, Jess."

"sorry! I won't do that again!"

Jess was embarrassed. he wanted to fight But he was too scared. Pride was useless in the face of Falcoa's madness. I felt like I could do anything if I could get out of here.

=======================================
[129] Island. Galliant(6)





"I mean I lost 5 gold. Taking back what you gave is the worst thing in the world. The woman will have to pay her damages."

Falcoa lifted Jess' face. Jis, his jaw lifted until his back was broken, couldn't even breathe. He could have severed his spine if he had tilted it any further.

"Are you sick? it will hurt I am very strong."

"Live... ... please."

"Will I not hurt you? Chew this. Then it won't hurt at all."

Jess turned his gaze even in the midst of hardship. Tree roots were held in his falcoa's hand.

Born and raised on the island, he knew. He was a loop, the stimulant of the natives. As it was a drug used to obtain access to drugs, its addictiveness was incomparable to other drugs. Isn't there a theory that Kergoin also perished due to excessive use of loops?

"please. That's all... ... ."

Jess pleaded earnestly. He had to assume that once he became addicted to loops, his life was over.

He would go through life in the gutter, and his sister, who was the only family member, had no choice but to be driven to the street in the end.

Falcoa put the loop he had given Jess into his mouth as if he knew it.

What about addiction? If you can't live without a loop, it's enough to use it for the rest of your life.

"You are the coward of the world. This is God's stimulant. Anyway, what are you going to do now? Will you bring me?"

"Yes? will you bring me? Who?"

"That red-haired girl. Three three. Maybe you can sell it for a high price, keke. Of course, we have to sell it at a medium price."

Jess was shocked. To think that they would trafficking nobles and not other people. However, if it was Falcoa's mental state that was addicted to loops, it was enough.

'Crazy. I'm not crazy.'

Falcoa was the acting chief of the Freeman organization. He was also the highest-ranking person that Jis, who was only a habari, could contact.

I never met the captain, Freeman, but one of his mandates was a ban on human trafficking.

"Ha, but if you do that, you will be kicked out of the organization. In the Code of Conduct... ... Aww!"

The studded shoe turned Jess' chin. His mind was spinning and he couldn't think of anything.

Falcoa grabbed Jess by the head and lifted him up. The moment he heard the cold voice, Jiss' focus returned.

"Or what? Would you like to bring your sister?"

"That, that... ... ."

Jess's body trembled. Anger and fear mixed together, and emotions that could not be guessed at the taste rose up.

My sister was a precious existence that could not be exchanged for anything. She didn't want to show her such a dirty world.

"Oh, didn't you tell me? Actually, I like your sister. Could you take this opportunity to introduce yourself?"

A rotten smell came from Falcoa's mouth as he chewed on the loop.



* * *



Shirone and the woman managed to escape Garmoth's bodyguards after running through the alleys for 30 minutes.

As expected of those who trained, the speed was fast, but the psychological warfare using blind spots to turn round and round was effective.

The two leaned against the wall for a while to catch their breath. I ran so much that I could taste blood in my mouth and my legs were shaking.

The woman looked at the panting Shirone and let out a laugh.

"Huh, you have surprisingly good stamina, don't you? I thought you would give up after running because you look pretty."

"If you give up, you will be caught. I'm dying hard But there... ... it's okay?"

"I am Marsha. I'm good at running away, so this much is nothing. Let's go somewhere and rest. I'm thirsty, so I need a beer. I'll buy you a drink in return."

Shirone was puzzled. Despite being chased by her, Marsha showed no sign of nervousness.

Besides, drinking beer means having money, so why did he steal?

"Oh, I guess I should stop and see."

"Anyway, I can't go around now. Let's wait at a store I know. Garmoth is savage, but he's so stupid that he quickly forgets about it. If you can hold out for an hour, you won't even pursue it because you'll be distracted from playing. And most of all, it's because I'm scared. Can you stay by my side for a moment?"

Marsha stuck out her tongue and squinted her eyes. Although not bewitched by her dainty appearance, Shirone finally agreed to her words. On top of all that, if she gets captured by Gamoth now, things will become irreversible.

"OK. But I don't think I can stay long because my party is waiting."

"yes. Let's just wait until Garmoth's men give up. come here."

Marsha walked around the alley and led Shirone to a dark bar. I wondered if anyone would come to this place to have a drink, but it was surprisingly crowded.

"Hmm, this place doesn't change even after years."

"Isn't that where you used to go often? It's a bar I knew earlier... ... ."

"Oh, I used to come often. It's been 3 years since Galliant Island. A friend lives here."

"I see. I thought I was a local because I knew the way so well."

"Huh, I will never forget a road I've seen once. Running away is part of my life."

As Marsha took Shirone and sat down at the bar, the men with stern looks all turned around. It was because the harmony between a beautiful woman and a young boy was heterogeneous.

"People are staring."

"don't mind. This is a bar where only the troubled children of the island come. When an incident happens, information is received here first, so you can know when Garmoth gives up."

"Isn't that rather dangerous? Your subordinates might come here."

"Gamos is the one who rules the island, not the trouble maker. So this is... ... It's like some kind of resistance. Maybe it's a community of destiny?"

Shirone did not believe it straight away. In a place where so many people came and went, it was virtually impossible to completely control the information.

'This is something that cannot be done with the system alone. Where possible, conventions or regulations. But why? They won't get anything?'

As Shirone stared at her, Marsha smiled embarrassedly.

"Oh no, I really can't. yes, that's right This pub is in collusion with the Municipality of Galliant. Even the officials are supposed to turn a blind eye to what happens here."

"As expected. But why would the government do such a thing?"

"Money. Money laundering, slush fund creation, circulation of lobby funds, etc. This is what they call Island Gate. Is it a system created by the characteristics of a closed island? there was an agreement It guarantees the safety of criminals in return for circulating funds in the shadows. reciprocity. What, isn't it the world to live like that? Hi-Hi!"

Marsha flicked the stick in her mouth. Her eye smile, bent like a seagull, looked somehow sad.

"It's funny when you think about it, what is it? There is a lot of talk about punishing criminals, but in the end, it's criminals who fill their stomachs. It breaks up large amounts of money that you can't swallow, making them easier to digest. Are they like microbes in society? Without microbes, organisms die."

Shirone couldn't answer. The social system that went against human nature was too complex and colorful for an 18-year-old boy to judge.

"You said something too serious. Did you say Shirone? What did you come to the island for?"

"I came to play with my friends. I want to bathe in the sea and see historical sites."

"Kergo Ruins? Have you been there before Ah, I was young then, but I'm already twenty-seven. I might die of old age as an old virgin. how old are you?"

"I'm 18."

"Oh my, there are more than I thought? You are very young."

"My sister also looks younger than her age. Oh, can I call you sister?"

"then. It all starts with my sister. If you become a lover later, you can call me whatever you like, ho ho ho!"

Shirone raised the corner of his mouth as if it was absurd. To an 18-year-old boy, she was an adult that a 27-year-old woman could not surpass.

But other than that, Marsha was a much more intelligent and rational woman than expected.

The conversation was pleasant, and Shirone, alert, opened up about what had happened at the port.

Marsha nodded and said, as if she had any guesses.

"Ah, you got caught by a street tout. not evil Still, 5 gold was a bit harsh."

"Yes. In the end, I'm in a bad mood because I had a disagreement with my friend. I'd still be waiting I will be scolded when I go back."

Marsha checked the time and asked the bartender.

"What happened to the Garmoth gun?"

As the bartender wiped the cup like a deaf person, Marsha placed a silver coin.

Then the bartender's mouth opened as if it had never happened.

"The news that came in 10 minutes ago said that it spread all over the main road. There are probably 40 people blocking all the streets."

"Uh, still? That person is so tenacious."

"Originally, the Garmos alarm goes off right away. The lid must have been opened today."

Marsha looked back at Shirone and smiled bashfully. Shirone also had nothing to say. Because he was the one who blew off Garmoth's head cap.

Marsha went back to her original story.

"Anyway, it's good to deal with street touts in moderation and avoid them. They are children who belong to an organization of their own. Once you start getting tangled up, it becomes difficult to handle."

"okay. Actually, I hadn't even thought about that."

"Whoa, do you need to know? Are you here to play anyway? But there is always a danger lurking in the pleasure of tourists. The island is narrow and closed. If you want to share limited goods, you have no choice but to compete more fiercely than inland."

Shirone engraved it in his mind. He planned to stay on the island for ten days, so he would meet many solicitors for a while.

It was a shame because I had listened to Marsha's advice.

Shirone suddenly realized and looked at Marsha.

According to what I observed during the conversation, he was a really nice person. He was affectionate and witty, and he had the prudence not to judge his opponent's words.

Why would such a person shoplift? Judging by the willingness to tip the bartender, it seemed that he had no shortage of money.

"Hey, I wonder if I can ask you this, but I'm really curious."

Marsha leaned back in her chair and looked up at the ceiling.

"Whoa, I was nervous whenever you asked. but Shirone. A woman's three sizes are not heard with her ears, but imagined in her head."

"Nope! Not that! Why did you steal the pottery?"

"yes?"

"I don't think you are the kind of person to shoplift. And saying that you don't have money was a lie. Why did he steal the pottery, which isn't particularly useful? ... ."

"Hmm."

Marsha rested her chin and thought.

"I don't know. Should I just say that I wanted to steal it?"

"Yes? Can you?"

"It can be. It's called stealing. Of course, it wasn't like that from the beginning. i was an orphan My parents abandoned me when I was four years old. A man from the mercenary group picked it up and raised it, and he became my adoptive father."

Shirone's heart trembled at the unexpected words. Marsha, like herself, was abandoned by her own parents.

"But it was far from a comfortable life. The Mercenary Corps is a place full of strange people. When I was 11 years old, one of the savage mercenaries tried to get his hands on me. Fortunately, my adoptive father found it first and beat it up."

"Absolutely. Her daughter could have been through that. Anybody would."

"Huh, is that really so?

"Yes?"

Marsha looked down at the bar with sad eyes. For some reason, it felt like her eyes were getting wet.

"Every day I was given a piece of bread and a glass of water. The adoptive father gave nothing but that. Clothes, sweets, and toys. In the end, you bred me. That's when I started stealing from others. One day, I was caught stealing apples, but they obediently paid for it. But as soon as I got home, he changed his mind and started beating me. Say nothing, until I pass out."

"It is too much. If you can afford to pay for it, wouldn't it be better if you bought it from the beginning? And why didn't you ask for one?"

"Because that was what my adoptive father wanted. subservience to oneself. All I could resist was stealing every day. Of course, the day I got caught was beaten to death. It was a terrible day. Then, one day, they all gave up. So I told my adoptive father this."

Marsha supported her chin as if recalling that time.

"You can kill me."

=======================================
[130] Island. Galliant(7)





Shirone was heartbroken. How beaten could he be to say such words come out of the mouth of a child?

"Since that day, the words have become a kind of incantation. Every time my adoptive father beat me, he said this. you can kill me Then the adoptive father stopped beating and left with an angry expression. Whoops, I just lived like that. When I was 12, when I was 13, until I left home when I was 17."

"You're the same age as me now."

"Yes, I am old enough to open my eyes to the world. Then one day, I finally realized the meaning of the actions my adoptive father had done to me. No, maybe you already knew. That's why I didn't ask for anything."

Shirone could guess now. Marsha's adoptive father had a terrible idea that he should never have.

"Like a fool. If you want to do it, I'd rather do it coolly. If that was the case, I wouldn't have gotten messy for 17 years. In the end, he was a pathetic coward who could neither do this nor that. Since then, I've been carrying a knife in my arms. One day I saw the eyes of my adoptive father who was beating me. Ugh, sorry I couldn't see you. So I just said it."

Marsha spoke calmly with restrained emotions.

"You can hug me."

"... ... Did your adoptive father do that?"

"Huh, strangely, there was no twist to this story. The human attacked me as if he had waited, and I stabbed my throat with a knife. I honestly didn't feel anything. Then I left home and wandered around the world until I came here."

Shirone was heartbroken. When he heard from the mouth of the person concerned about a story he had only heard about in books or rumors, unknown resentment filled him.

"Well, hey, what should I say... ... ."

"It's fine! Now I just have to eat and live. The adoptive father died, but the kleptomaniac didn't disappear easily. It's not the first time or two that I've been in trouble because of this. Ugh."

When Marsha smiled brightly, Shirone felt better too. She thought it was amazing that she was able to be considerate of her opponent even though she had been through that.

"If it is an unforgettable pain, I think hugging is a way. Noona is doing her best to overcome the pain. The kleptomaniac will soon disappear."

"Thank you for understanding. If you were going to do something to me tonight, it worked."

"No! i really... ... !"

"Know. My face blushed for no reason. If I had a younger brother like you, I would not be bored."

"Me too. In fact, I also thought that Marsha noona was really like her biological sister."

"Hi-Hi! okay, thanks."

Shirone was sincere. The other day, he thought about how he wished he had a brother while watching the relationship between Lian and Raina.

If you had a sister, would you feel the same way you do now? Her way of speaking and every action made Shirone feel at ease.

In the meantime, the bartender who had entered the room came out.

I don't know the detailed structure, but it seemed that all kinds of information was being collected from the room he came out of.

"Gamos alert is off. They say they're going back to the mansion to have a party, as if they've found a girl they like."

"Phew, but I'm glad it's not too late."

Marsha glanced at Shirone with sullen eyes.

"Hey, do you think you hated being with me that much? Just a while ago, she said in a baby-like voice, "Marcia, please be my older sister."

"... ... I didn't say it that way."

Shirone felt the same way. It was the first time that he, who was not used to women, had a conversation without noticing the passage of time.

However, I had to leave for the sake of the family members of the villa who were waiting for the boat.

"I guess I have to go back. Can I see you again?"

"Sure. Are you afraid that you will run away in the middle of the sea? If you're bored, come and play. Because I intend to stay here."

"haha! Yes, then I will go."

When Shirone left the bar, Marsha ordered a strong drink with a light expression on her face.

As expected, the two men who had been waiting for an opportunity until now approached as if they had been waiting.

"It's fresh. Maybe because I was drunk with you, I paid more for my drinks than usual."

"Getting a room? This is where a woman alone never knows what's going to happen. How about going in with me?"

Marsha didn't even turn her head.

"go away. before killing them."

"what? did you say everything? Do you want to be treated properly today?"

The man held the bottle upside down on the table. People looked back at the bar with a sudden sense of tension.

As her eyes focused, Marsha sighed inaudibly. She then suddenly changed her demeanor and let out a crackling laugh.

"Ho-ho-ho! All right, go to your room. But can you handle it with only two people? Why don't you bring more friends?"

"What, what?"

"Bring it. 10 people? No, 20 people don't matter. I'll play with you all night, so bring it to me. I hate interruptions the most."

The men were offended without even knowing why. But Marsha knew. The fact that when breeding competition intensifies, males reveal their natural weakness.

"What, what, damn it. go crazy girl Let's go."

"Ah, it's because I'm out of luck."

Marsha looked at the men walking away as if they were pathetic, then turned away.

Before I knew it, the drink I ordered was up. When I passed it all at once, a fire shot out of my throat and my mind became hot.

"Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, this is how it should be. Bartender, another drink."

Instead of serving a new glass, the bartender came over and poured Marsha's glass.

"... ... Is that Marsha?"

"Huh, then, is there another Marsha?"

"I heard that you're wanted by the Magic Association, but you've been avoiding it so far. Did you come in at all?"

"no. I'll be there soon. I just came here for a moment to sort things out."

"I would like it to proceed as quietly as possible. When a big guy like you makes a fuss, the island gets messy. We don't want the agreement broken. If you promise to cooperate, I'll let you stay here for a while."

"it's okay. I didn't even have a good idea here from the beginning."

The bartender polished the beer glass until it clicked. After remaining silent for a long time, he spoke indifferently.

"The boy must be disappointed."

"Whoops. are you okay. Originally, at that age, I was broken hearted and that's it."

"I thought you liked it?"

"It was fun. Ha ha, to be honest, it was a bit risky."

Marsha hugged her shoulders and looked up at the ceiling.

"How can there be such a disgusting human being?"

take precedence (1)





The villa was quiet, as if no one was there.

Amy was sitting on the sofa by the fireplace, and Lian and Tess were too busy staring at her to say a word.

Shirone wasn't coming. It's already been 2 hours since I went to the market, so unless I'm bringing fish out of the sea, it's time to come back already.

"Sir, is Shirone late?"

Tess, who spoke out to melt the frozen atmosphere, was startled. He felt like his voice was being heard louder than usual.

Even so, Amy was staring at the darkness without even a slight movement.

'Oh, it's completely thin ice.'

Tess shuddered. In fact, she seemed to be in a bad mood for Amy, as much as she felt the chills.

Of course, as a woman, it was completely understandable. Apart from the meaning of a couple's trip, wasn't it the first exciting vacation for the two of them?

'Shirone, you were too careless. This is disappointing for me too. Chet!'

Crayfish are on the side of the crab, Tess sided with Amy.

As a woman, she knew how much Amy had yielded to Shirone.

Despite a disagreement at the port, she readily offered to cook. Men might think that's a big deal, but from a woman's point of view, it was the most honest way of expressing her feelings, 'I want to reconcile with you quickly.'

But Shirone was an hour behind Lian. If she's lost, she might be, so it's not the time for her to worry, but Amy wants her to take responsibility for even such trivial parts.

"Oh, I am hungry. Why the hell aren't you coming? Shall I go out and look for it?"

Lian murmured, holding on to her stomach without noticing. She wasn't the kind of girl who decided to eat a few meals a day, so she was patient with an hour's grace.

"it's okay. And then we get confused."

"yes? Then can I eat the potatoes I bought?"

Tess raised her ax eye and shouted.

"Why are you so gullible? Think about Amy."

"What is so serious? Shirone said she had more to live for than me. It could be late."

Tess was stunned. Even though Shirone wasn't her own partner, and already resonated with Amy, she seemed to hate even Lian.

"Even if Shirone has a lot to live for, she's smarter than you, so it's normal to come sooner than later. So, this is a very serious matter! You decide whether to eat potatoes or green onions in the corner."

"Why are you so temperamental? What did I do?"

Lian scratched his head like a bear. He couldn't be particularly selfish, as he was indifferent to the sound of swearing at him.

Amy was the first to speak. She tried to smile as if she was sorry for ruining the mood.

"Sorry, because of me. Just cook and eat from you guys. I'll eat with Shirone when he comes."

"I can't do that. It was a cooking competition."

"But Lian is hungry. It's because Shirone is late anyway. What should we lose?"

Tess soothed Amy with a tearful expression.

"It's okay, Amy. In fact, I'm not hungry at all. What should I do with that insectivore?"

Lian was really chewing raw potatoes in the corner. He was a man who couldn't even skim, but his physical strength was comparable to that.

In a way, it was pitiful to see that in order to maintain tremendous muscle strength, the calorie consumption would be several times higher than that of a normal person.

Undecided and silent, Amy put her feet up in her chair and rested her cheek on her lap.

'Why aren't you coming? What really happened?'

He's not a kid who doesn't keep his promises. But he wasn't stupid enough to waste time by making mistakes.

Perhaps there were unavoidable circumstances.

But no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't help feeling sad.

'You brought me. Except for you, everyone I meet today.'

It was lonely. Although they became close, Lian and Tess had a sympathetic relationship as partners. There was no room for Amy to squeeze in between them.

thump. thump.

someone knocked on the door Tess's face brightened and Lian clenched her fists at the thought that she could finally eat.

"Are you Shirone? wait a minute... ... !"

Before Tess could finish her words, Amy walked to the door. she shouted as she raised her eyes and threw open her door as she had the temper.

"Hey! Where the hell are you and what are you doing now... ... yes?"

Amy opened the door and blinked her eyes.

It wasn't Shirone. It's not even that I don't know. What is certain is that he is not supposed to come here.

Jis, who had been scrambling in the harbor, stood there.

"what? Why are you coming here?"

Jess' face turned red. I never thought it would be this woman who opened the door and came out.

My teeth gnashed when I remembered the events of the day, but my heart skipped a beat when I saw an unfamiliar figure in comfortable clothes.

Gathering his senses, Jis shamelessly inspected the interior of the villa. His stomach ached from being hit by Falcoa, but his expression was undisturbed.

"Wow, this is really nice. Are nobles different?"

"Are you asking what's going on? How did you know we were here?"

"I searched and found it. If Jis, the ruler of the port, puts his mind to it, that's not a big deal. Now you know, how fast am I on the island?"

"therefore? You came here just to show off that one trick?"

=======================================
[131] What takes precedence (2)





"haha! no. Come to think of it, I think I did something wrong during the day. To be honest, I was ripped off. Originally, I don't get that much, but I guess I was too greedy. let me restore your honor I'll show you where I'm really having fun."

Tess said, putting her hand on her waist.

"No work. I'm so uncomfortable I'm dying. Amy, just kick it out."

"Yes. So goodbye."

As Amy tried to close the door, Jess pushed her hand in, showing an urgent look.

There was no written script, but words came out quickly, like a man who was born on this floor.

"Now, wait a minute! If you don't want your friends to come, you can come by yourself."

"why me? Is this a bit suspicious?"

"great! okay! I'll be honest. i actually... ... I'm very upset."

"To whom?"

"Even street touts have associations. My actions must have reached the ears of the superiors. So I asked the rude guest to show me around the island. If rumors spread, tourists wouldn't use touts. Can't we just stop by for a moment and then go? Otherwise, I will be completely cut off from food. I might really have to beg like a beggar."

"Hmm."

Amy didn't look suspicious. Jess, terrified, anxiously awaited her verdict.

"Okay, let's get some fresh air and come back. I'll change my clothes and come back, so wait here."

Jess raised his head. He sure he came for it but he never thought he'd get it so easily.

On the other hand, Tess, who was listening, was bewildered. No way, he didn't know that he would fall for the words of such a solicitor.

Thinking that she must be upset about Shirone, she hurriedly followed Amy.

"Amy! What are you going to follow? How can you trust that child?"

"It's fine. If it's dangerous, I'll just come back."

"Let's think about it a little longer. What about Shirone?"

"it's okay. you know what to do Lian must be hungry too. How long are you going to keep him waiting? what was better I'll eat outside, so spend time with Lian."

After changing her clothes and tidying up her hair, Amy went down the hallway. Tess persuaded him to the end, but it was reckless.

"Do you really want to go? Then should I come back soon? just get some fresh air If it's late, can we go find it?"

"I know. Lian, I'll be out for a while. Shirone, when you come back, starve yourself."

Lian was cautious. The hunger-like appearance disappeared and he was watching the situation seriously.

Would it be right to let her go? However, it would have been funny if the person concerned wanted to go, but he did not know if he was being dragged away.

"Did you say Jess? let's go."

"yes? Uh, yes!"

Jess was stunned. She couldn't bring herself to her senses the moment she came down the stairs to her second floor in a girlish black dress.

When Amy went out, the villa was empty. Tess sighed and shook his head, his head convoluted.

"Oh wow, how did this happen? The atmosphere was good until just now."

"Wouldn't it have been better if I went with you?"

"You idiot, don't you know a woman's heart that much? How miserable would Amy be if someone else's partner escorted her? Anyway, where the hell did Shirone go?"

Lian walked to the window and watched Amy get into the carriage.

The stars above the sea were twinkling like they were about to pour.



* * *



Jess sat across from Amy. Since he put her on her wagon, it was safe to say that her operation was more than 80% successful.

"now! Then let's go! Hey, let's go!"

The coachman nodded and shook the reins, and the twins shook the cabin and jumped out.

Jess continued to play his mouth. He was reciting even trivial things that he didn't want to know. Who cares whether the vegetable shop owner is having an affair with the widow or not?

Amy hadn't said a word until then, just staring at the night view outside the window. Preoccupied with her thoughts, Jess didn't even hear her words.

At some point, Jiss also realized that and stopped talking.

In fact, looking at Amy's face like this made me the happiest. Her expression, calm and subdued, was completely different from her anger during the day.

Did Falcoa really intend to sell this beautiful girl? At first, I didn't realize it, but once I put it on the wagon, fear overtook me.

"It takes a long time. Where are you going?"

Amy was the first to speak. Coincidentally, the most poignant question made Jiss startled and made up her words.

"Ah, so... ... it's a bit far Because it's the best place in Galliant. It's true, you'll know when you go."

"yes? Will the boss who took me take me there?"

Jess' heart sank.

Since when did you know? Maybe from the beginning? Then why on earth did he get into the carriage and why hadn't he said a word until now?

Jess's face did not know that it would be released from the frozen state. Her head went pale, so no lies came to mind.

"That's it... ... ."

"You don't have to lie. Isn't it just by looking at the eyes? I'm so scared that I'm ejaculating, but I'm stupid not knowing. good luck anyway I'm only going to fool you this once."

"Tricked... ... You say?"

"yes. I don't know what made you a scapegoat, but quit when this job is over. I'm saving you because you're so pitiful."

Jess's face heated up.

"what! Am I pitiful?"

"Then would you be pitiful or envious?"

"Hey, this is really... ... !"

Amy asked before Jess could get angry.

"Did you throw gold coins at me?"

"That, that... ... ."

Jess averted her gaze. He shuddered just thinking about the day's events. For that action he is beaten to death by Falcoa. It was a trauma he would never forget for the rest of his life.

"Kids like you can't last long on this floor. People who have a lot of things they want to protect are only used and then abandoned."

"Sheesh, how do you know that? A well-rounded aristocrat who met his parents well."

"At least I know more than you. Because at one time I also snooped around this way. Of course, I was in a much higher position than you."

Jess bit her lip. In the end it is. No matter how much she raised her pride and raised her voice, it was impossible to face her on equal heights.

"Are you sympathetic?"

"yes."

"I don't want to receive sympathy. never."

"So, float on the floor. This might be your last chance."

Jess felt defeated and lowered his head. She was right. If she hadn't given her sympathy, she and her brother would have been going through hell by now.

"Sheesh."

As Jess clicked her tongue, Amy looked out the window. It was as if a cool sea breeze blew and gently calmed her eyelids.

"I don't like guys like you."

"what?"

"You mean throwing coins at me. If you're a man, you should have that level of strength. If I was just a backstreet bully, I would never have gotten into this carriage."

Jess' face turned red like a carrot.

"damn. Are you sick and giving me medicine? This is why nobles don't like it. same as before Some ridicule and some stop. Because it's just arbitrary."

Amy, who was supporting her chin, grinned.

"Oh, Shirone? That child is also a commoner. So he must have stopped you."

"what? commons? You mean he was a commoner and not an aristocrat?"

Jess's eyes widened. He thought it was a joke at first. Otherwise, there would be no reason for such a beautiful girl to hang out with a man of a lower status than herself.

"Yes, commoner. What does it matter? No, is it important?"

"But weren't you partners? It looked like a couple trip, right?"

"Okay, partner. They brought me to a remote island across the sea and left me somewhere... ... my partner."

Amy gave a sad smile with cat-like lips. As I looked into her dimly distant eyes, her Jiss mind was complicatedly tangled.

Maybe I was wrong from the start? I should have just picked up the gold coins that fell on the ground. If that were the case, even if my pride was hurt, things like now wouldn't have happened.

'Damn it! damn it! You're taking a risk out of sympathy for me? Are you saying you know what the danger is?'

This girl was thinking too easily.

Falcoa was the acting chief of the Freeman organization. What was the Freeman Organization? He was the ruler of Galliant, commanding a fearsome elite army.

Even when Jis was young, the commercial power on the island was divided into several organizations. Although power struggles occasionally broke out, the balance of power was never disrupted.

However, the situation changed dramatically after the Freeman organization landed on the island five years ago.

They expanded their forces at a tremendous speed, and the existing organizations were disbanded without even using their power. Eventually, the alliance was decided to confront the Freeman organization, but it was simply broken.

It took only three months for the war to end.

The Freeman organization was a fighting group of monsters who dismantled all organizations in just three months.

'It's not just Falcoa. The thugs above me are all terrifying bastards. I'm taking this child to a place like that now.'

Jess clenched her fists. She wanted to stop her, but she couldn't bear it.

Since he was a student at a magic school, he might be able to run away. But she wasn't his sister. If Falcoa put his mind to it, he could get rid of the little brother of the roadside solicitor without even noticing mice and birds.

'I have to keep it. As for my brother... ... certainly!'



* * *



After parting with Marsha, Shirone arrives at the beach. My legs were shaking from running non-stop, but the real trouble was from now on. Since the villa is located in the middle of the mountain, we had to climb uphill.

"Whoa, why is Iljin like this today? It just keeps running."

It was time for the sun to set, so Lian and Tess were supposed to be eating.

If Amy is still waiting, you must tell her the bad news as soon as possible. The sad news that you left your shopping cart.

'It's one thing to die one way or another.'

Shirone gritted his teeth and ran uphill. When he arrived at his villa, his breath was up to the tip of his chin.

Shirone walked to the entrance and knocked on the door with her waist bent.

"Lian, Amy, Tess. I'm here. please open the door Ahh!"

When the door suddenly opened, Shirone fell forward. It was a much more immediate response than expected.

"Shirone! Where the hell have you been? Do you know how long Amy waited?"

"Oh, I'm sorry. There was a reason for that. Let's go in and talk. My legs are shaking."

There was no smell of food in the villa. Shirone, who wished the three of them had eaten first, felt even more apologetic.

"Did you wait a long time because of me? By the way, where is Amy?"

Tess didn't know how to explain. Would she say that she was tired of waiting and went to play? Or is it that she was disappointed in a man named Shirone and followed her jis?

"what's the matter? I have a bad expression. what happened?"

"that is... ... Oh, this is embarrassing."

The reason Tess couldn't speak was because she didn't want to cause misunderstandings between the two of them.

However, Lian understood the core of the situation.

"I went out with a guy named Jess I met at the port."

"yes? Jis? You mean the guy who ripped us off? Why is Amy following him?"

"I don't know. While I was waiting for you, he suddenly came to me. He said he would pay for the day's work. So he took a carriage and went somewhere."

"Did Amy obediently follow? For no reason?"

Tess intervened.

"yes! It's all because you came late. How lonely Amy was by herself. Tell me, what the hell happened?"

Shirone delayed answering. Now was not the time to be arguing about such things.

"Let's go. Do you know where it is?"

"We don't know. why are you so anxious? If you're going to do this, please treat me well from the start."

"You didn't leave because of me."

"What are you talking about? How angry Amy was!"

"Amy is hot-tempered, but she doesn't act emotionally. Even if I'm angry with someone, I don't do anything to make that person worry. I'd rather wait for me to come and beat her to death."

Tess' face darkened. Shirone, who knew Amy well, was probably right.

Besides, when I thought about it, it was like that. He is quick to get angry but is soft on the inside, isn't he the kind of person who seems rough but has a lot of consideration?

"Well, what could be the matter? You're just a solicitor. Amy is said to be outstanding at magic school?"

=======================================
[132] What takes precedence (3)





Of course, there was no doubt about Amy's skill. But Shirone had a different idea. He had heard from Marsha just half an hour ago how dangerous the island was.

Port solicitors have their own power. In particular, it was said that the street solicitors were the lower end subordinates of a powerful organization.

"I told you to be careful with people like Jis. Even if it's not, the island is a closed and dangerous place. Because you can easily handle things that you can't even imagine on land. There are many aristocrats who have gone missing on the island. I can't just assume that Amy is all right."

Lian mounted a straight sword in a leather scabbard.

"I don't need to explain every word. Let's go, Shirone. guide you anywhere I'll deal with those who get in the way."

"thanks. Actually, it's because I'm late."

"That must have had its own circumstances. First, make sure Amy is safe."

Tess watched the two boys. That was the conversation between those who were bound by knightly oaths. Although she was still only an imitator of her, it was also an enviable sight for her who dreamed of becoming her knight.

"Wait for a moment. I'll go with you too. You're not the only one worried about Amy."

The three of them left the villa and went down to the beach. But I couldn't figure out where to start looking for it.

In front of the vast sandy beach, Tess lost her confidence.

"Where can I find Amy? At this hour, the only place Jeece could take him would be the commercial district. Would you rather go there and disperse?"

"That sounds like a bad way. After all, the three of us can't go around the whole commercial district anyway. First of all, you don't even know the geography of this place."

"Then what? there's no way to find it I'd rather find a needle on that sandy beach."

Shirone rested her chin on her head and thought.

"Stop that, let's go to the port. It is clear that there is an organization If that's the case, you might be able to find out Amy's location if you ask the gang members."

"Harbor? is that south? Wouldn't it be quicker to search this place on the way there? Amy wouldn't be at the port anyway. It is not a tourist map."

"No, it is correct to go to the port. Amy's situation can be simply divided into two parts. First, Amy is unharmed. Second, Amy is not safe. If all is well, there is no loss even if we go to the port. But if it's not all right, we must go to the port. The only reason why Amy is not safe is because she collides with Jee's organization. Therefore, no matter what the situation is, we must first go to the port and make contact with the gang members."

"That... ... yes. I guess."

Tess nodded as if hypnotized. It was the first time she felt that a person spoke faster than she thought of herself.

Lian didn't think. From the moment Shirone asked to go to the port, he had already rented a wagon.

When Lian, who had paid the coachman, motioned to ride, Shirone and Tess ran to it. Then he threw himself into the speeding carriage and went into the cabin.

The driver burst into a merry laugh and sped up.

"I also like being young. Do you have any urgent business at this hour?"

"Yes. Please go quickly!"

"great! So, let's try our children's strength after a long time! Kirya!"

It was night, so the car was quiet. Volunteering his gold coins, the coachman drove his horse so much that the carriage rattled.

The wagon arrived at the port in 20 minutes, and the coachman made a noise saying that it was a record for the first time in 5 years.

The three of them ran to the port.

Most of the ships were moored in the dock, and light leaked through the cracks in the windows to see if people were on board. Perhaps the sailors were playing a game of cards.

The ship floating in the nearby sea was also suspicious, but it was too late to run around with feet anyway.

Shirone focused on searching the bar in the harbor. Most of them looked like gang members, but in reality, there were many cases where they were sailors.

"What do we do? Can I find this?"

"You can find it. There must be at least one."

Shirone patiently inquired into the tavern. And he finally found a clue in a small tavern.

I didn't know it at first because my eyes were swollen, but I'm sure the touts next to Jiss were drinking during the day.

"Hey, those two! Aren't they the people who were with Jiss?"

"Right. Leave it to me from now on."

Lian patted her fist and walked away. In this situation, I knew that his impression ate more than his skills.

"Hey, do you guys remember me?"

"what? Are you making a fuss? Because I feel like shit right now... ... Ugh!"

The boy, who had been shooting with a twisted tongue, recognized Lian and stood up.

Lian's size is also intimidating, but the reason I was really surprised was for another reason. It was because he knew what Jis, who had been captured by Falcoa, had gone to.

"I-over there... ... That's it."

"I know, I know everything. So let's talk in a quiet place. I'm the kind of person who becomes violent in people's presence and nice in quiet places. What do you want to do?"

The solicitor glanced at his friend in his seat. The moment their gazes briefly crossed, they started running towards the door without saying who came first.

"Damn it! Bounce!"

They stamped their feet madly. But no matter how much I ran, the door wouldn't come close.

'what? Why are you doing this? Is it a dream?'

It wasn't until the tension of the run disappeared that they realized that both legs were floating in the air.

"Give me one last chance. Would you like to follow along or plant it upside down right here?"

Raising the boys one by one in each hand, Lian held out her arms as if to show off her strength.

The boys freaked out. To withstand the weight of two men with arms outstretched was beyond brute force and close to brute force.

"Go, I'll go. I'm going, so please don't try."

From then on things were easy. Lian led the tout to the breakwater, where he could hear the general situation.

"So that's what Falcoa ordered me to bring Amy to, right?"

"Yes. Jess was beaten to death. We almost died too. You better not mess with Falcoa. He's a complete asshole."

"doesn't care. Because there is no idiot who got hit by my fist and hasn't come back to his senses. Where did you take Amy? Do you know the place?"

"I really don't know the place! Trust me!"

"yes? then ask your friend I will give up the chance for two people to live and choose only one to live."

The two boys looked at each other fearfully. To be honest, I didn't have the mental strength to endure the torture. But Lian was only overpowering them with words. It was thanks to his learning of interrogation techniques at the swordsmanship school.

"I really don't know. But I have a place to guess."

Shirone and Tess came closer. Lian also stopped pretending to be a clumsy investigator and shook the tout by the collar.

"where are you? Tell me quickly!"

"Wow, the palace."

"Palace? What nonsense are you talking about?"

"It's the name of the bar. The biggest bar in Galliante! Grab any wagon and they'll take you there! Hey, you can never say we said it! Otherwise we will die!"

Lian turned around without even having time to answer. Shirone and Tess were already getting ready to run.

As we left the port, we saw a wagon waiting. Coincidentally, it was the carriage that brought them all the way here.

"mister! Uncle coachman!"

The coachman, who was sitting in the luggage compartment and holding a pipe, turned his head. His own favorite horse and his guests, who had enjoyed the splendid gallop, were rushing along.

"Hey, are you done watching already? It's fast to run, so it's fast to watch. Heh heh heh!"

"Mister, let's go now! I'm in a hurry!"

"Cancer, don't rush. Youth is in no hurry! Come on, let's get on!"

The coachman jumped out of the hold with a bloody passion.

The coachman, who started the horse, looked back and shouted. The sound of the wind made her voice grow louder.

"Okay, somewhere this time!"

Shirone, Lian, and Tess all shouted at the same time.

"The palace!"



* * *



Tavern Royal Palace.

It would not be an exaggeration to say that the tavern, luxurious enough to stand up to the name of the royal palace, was the brightest place on the island.

The 4-story tall building showed what a waste of money was. All kinds of gold and silver treasures that reflected light were decorated, and magic crystal lamps that ordinary people could not even see were emitting light.

Shirone and the others were overwhelmed by the wealth radiating from the building. It felt like we had arrived somewhere we weren't supposed to be.

As Shirone walked to the tavern, as expected, Gido, who was guarding the entrance, blocked her path.

"Hey, you can wear weapons here... ... !"

Lian didn't even listen and shoved his throat in prayer. He was of similar size to Lian, but his strength was no match.

When Gido, who had been choking and struggling, regained his senses, it was after Shirone and the others had already entered the store.

The bar was filled with people's voices.

Women who were so naked that I wondered if it was okay to do this danced around, and verbal abuse, swearing, and all sorts of obscenities flew through the air.

Tess frowned. Galliant is a peaceful resort on the outside, but when the sun goes down, it turns into a place where murky desires whirl.

"Is Amy really in a place like this? There are a lot of people, and besides, what are those women? Aren't you ashamed?"

"Yeah. Certainly not Amy's favorite place. But she might have come in willingly as much as she went along. And be careful. No matter what happens here, the security will not be dispatched."

After hearing about the situation on the island from Marsha, Shirone was convinced. Although the method of utilization is different, this place is also probably one of the places where some kind of transaction was made with the government.

When I couldn't find Amy on the first floor, I went upstairs. A bloody gamble was taking place.

The third floor was lined with rooms with iron doors installed in a cross-shaped corridor, and the fourth floor was a VIP room where the highest nobility stayed.

After searching through each floor, Lian let out a pitiful sigh.

"It must be hard to find like this. Not in the hall, not in the gambling house. Searching the third floor, you have to enter every room, and the fourth floor is full of bodyguards."

It was time to make a choice. Will you ask for your understanding and search for it, or will you properly cause an incident?

Of course, the decision of the three was the latter. As long as she found out that Amy was taken away by a malicious conspiracy, she had no intention of going back.

"There! Those children!"

Gido, who had been treated badly at the entrance, pointed to Shirone and the others. Then his man behind him rolled up his sleeves and approached.

Lian had to raise his head to make eye contact with the man. He was so huge that his head reached the ceiling.

"Are you a solver?"

A shop with a bad back will be screened out for customers. Usually, it is filtered out in the line of prayer, but there were quite a few people who recklessly pushed in and played a game. It was the solver's job to rule those people with violence.

"what is this? Aren't they the babies that smell like milk? No, come to think of it, this girl is not just a kid."

The fixer looked down at Tess and opened his bulbous nose. Unlike ordinary people, he had a high vision, and he was able to see Tess' voluptuous true value more clearly than anyone else.

"Hehehe, you are the perfect customer for this store. Let's see, can the uncle evaluate it?"

The fixer's hand reached out to Tess. Just by opening her palms, it felt like a net had been spread in front of her eyes.

Tess grabbed the fixer's middle finger. And he broke it with all his might.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The gigantic figure twisted its body ridiculously. The arm was fully extended, and the middle finger was bent enough to touch the back of the hand.

"it hurts! It hurts!"

"huh! You should have been careful with that. Even if you are a woman, my arm is stronger than your middle finger. This is what happens if you just trust your size and mess with it."

"Ouch! You girl!"

Unable to bear the pain, the fixer threw out his fist on the other side. Then Tess let go of his fingers and twisted his body like lightning, swinging his elbow.

A light short hit hit the chin of the solver and passed. It was the perfect timing, so I felt as if the other person approached me as part of me and hit me.

As the fixer's brain vibrated, consciousness was cut off. When Tess stepped aside, the giant's body slammed down like an old tree.

=======================================
[133] Priority (4)





"Oh, this can't be... ... ."

Prayer has gone cold. It was unexpected that the famous fixer on Galliant Island would be knocked down by a woman's blow.

Lian shook her head as she looked at Tess, who was shaking her hands. With this, where is there any room for a man to squeeze in?

Elsaine swordsmanship is famous for its sophisticated attacks. Trained to stab the vitals in any situation, she was a skilled fighter who could instantly eliminate the gap in her strength or size.

'It's impossible to reach the tip of the chin with the minimum amount of movement except for murderous concentration. I know you're lucky. If Tess pulled out the sword, you're already dead.'

Shirone stared blankly at the unmoving fixer. Is this the swordsman's move that is equal to that of the wizard?

If Lian's strength was avant-garde, Tess' blow was like a perfect work of art.

"Wow, that's really cool, Tess."

"lol! Are you okay? After all, Shirone has eyes to see. Unlike the person standing next to Jogi."

Lian approached Gido as he listened.

Gido was terrified and his legs were shaking. As Lian grabbed him by the neck and lifted him up, he gave his last breath.

"Kuh! Do you guys know where this is?"

"I came because I knew where. Do you look like you're playing hide and seek? Where is Amy now?"

"Damn it! who is amy How do I know that?"

"Shall I make your heart stop instead of killing me?"

"Shit! Because I really don't know! If you're really curious, you guys will look for it!"

"This bastard is real!"

A fire lit up in Lian's eyes. I was already nervous to death, but I was wearing salt. Aren't you doing this because you don't have time to find it?

I was going to intimidate him with a little more intensity, but Shirone approached.

"Lian, it's okay. What are you doing by asking me something you don't know?"

"Then what? Are you really going to go from room to room?"

"No, just ask what you know."

"You know what? Like what?"

Gido, who met eyes with Shirone, was startled.

Anger of a different nature than Lian's. It felt like my bones were frozen as the chill soared.

"Ask where Falcoa is."



* * *



Tavern Royal Palace. B1.

People in the know call this place a temple. Of course, God doesn't stay. But sometimes he sees God, because of the hallucination caused by the loop.

In the end, the VIP room on the 4th floor is a place where tourists who came only after hearing rumors came in and out, and the real exhaust was all in the basement.

The temple was a space where various drugs were distributed and stimulants, loops, could be enjoyed without wanting, so to speak, a space for those who were crazy for pleasure.

The temple is divided into 17 sections, and the total area is 1.5 times larger than the first floor.

It was always full, but only room 4 was not open to guests, because it was the room of Falcoa, the leader of the freeman organization and the president of the palace.

"So I asked him. Will he be buried after he dies, or will he die after being buried? So do you know what he said?"

"Uhhh, what did you say, chief? What does he say?"

Falcoa screamed as she pretended to die.

"Please save my feet!"

"Aww! driving me crazy! Save my feet!"

"Puhahaha! My stomach hurts from laughing so much! Please help me!"

Falcoa's men banged on the table and exploded with pyrotechnics. But Jess couldn't understand it at all.

'Crazy guys. What the hell is this funny about? I'm not crazy.'

"Oh my dear. Why don't you drink?"

Jess just shook his head without even making eye contact with his partner. It seemed that if I drank here, I would never see the sun rising tomorrow.

Jess gently turned his head to look at Falcoa's partner. He was sitting by Amy, whom he had brought with him.

Of course, she also didn't understand Falcoa's laughing code and was just looking straight ahead with a dry face.

'It's really great. I'm scared to death, but my expression doesn't change.'

If you are an ordinary woman, especially if you are a girl, it is normal to be afraid in a situation surrounded by bloody gang members. However, there was no trace of tension on Amy's face.

'Oh, that's noisy. Bored. I want to go back.'

Amy moistened her lips with the drink in front of her. Because she is an aristocrat, she has learned Judo, but she is not inclined to drink, and she does not drink in the first place. She was bored, and the amount she sipped was enough to cover the bottom of her bottle.

However, alcohol is alcohol, so I fell into a little sentimental thought as my mood exploded.

'What am I doing here?'

Of course, Jis followed because he was right. But upon reflection, it seemed that this was not the only reason.

'I'm sure he's back by now, right?'

Why is Shirone late? Maybe it's because I've been caught up in useless fuss again.

Looking down from Shirone's omniscient point of view, where could there be one or two pitiful people in the world?

'Whoa, did you want to imitate me?'

Come to think of it, the reason he came here was no different.

All I could hear was the idiot I met at the port, of course, the idiot who didn't seem to have fallen to the bottom, screaming for help.

The atmosphere at the drinking party grew more and more ripe. Amy became more and more annoyed.

If it came out forcefully, it would be enough to show off your skills and leave, but contrary to expectations, Falcoa kept his manners.

'What are you thinking? Would I rather move first?'

By the time Amy was immersed in that thought, Falcoa was also smiling at Amy, conscious of her wicked smile.

'I can hear the sound of my head rolling from here.'

Amy will be a high-ranking aristocrat. There was an aristocratic uniqueness that could not be supplemented by appearance alone.

But Falcoa was at ease. He has the most outstanding weapon to subdue the nobles.

No, with this one, even the king could have made him kneel at his feet.

It was just a loop.

Even now, in the temple, many high-ranking nobles were enslaved by Loop.

If you look at the time and get used to loop little by little, no matter how proud you are, no nobleman will be able to withstand it.

"now. Let's toast, cheers!"

At that moment, a crackling sound was heard from beyond the board. Then the shouts of the employees broke out.

"What are you guys doing! Kuck!"

"Hey! Stop! It's the boss's room!"

The door burst open and three people entered.

After checking the assailant's face, Jis stood up as if he had seen a ghost. They were Amy's friends from the port.

Falcoa's expression crumpled at once. In fact, he would have forgiven the guest if he paid several times the amount, but it was a matter of pride for his garden, the temple, to be invaded.

"what? what's the matter?"

When Falcoa spoke in a voice without laughter, the immediate subordinates sitting around jumped to their feet. Then, the women who knew the temper of the guys secretly noticed and avoided the seat.

"Shirone? How did you know you came here?"

Amy asked with her eyes wide open.

However, Shirone delayed answering. A maddening tickling aura burned up his spine.

The one sitting arrogantly in the seat of honor and crossing his legs in a figure 4 must be Falcoa. He didn't look particularly monstrous, but at a glance I could tell he wasn't normal.

'Strong, that person... ... .'

It's easy to reveal your life. Even an ordinary person can intimidate an opponent if they really want to kill. However, it was not easy to live a quiet life as if it were there or not.

It was an energy that only pros in murder could produce.

'Amy... ... .'

Why is Amy sitting next to someone like that?

There was a drinking cup, not a teacup, in front of her enjoying tea and coffee. The floor was dirty and smelled bad. None of the things she saw in her room were here.

thus... ... It was not her will to be here.

"Let's go, Amy."

Amy cried. After a long pause, all I could say was, 'Let's go back, Amy.' What is such a confident attitude when you can't even poke your nose while waiting?

Amy was angry at herself for being happy to see Shirone a moment ago. At what point is Shirone looking at herself? Is it at human eye level or high up in the sky?

This wasn't what she wanted. That's why she didn't want to accept Shirone's help either. She was confident that if she put her mind to it, she could go out right now.

"You, you! Go in knowing where it is!"

All the employees of the tavern came in droves. However, I couldn't bear to enter the room of the demon-like Falcoa.

Shirone was stunned. A boss that even his subordinates fear. How deep and deep is this person's evil?

Falcoa lowered her voice as if it was annoying.

"What are you? Do you know what will happen if you enter the room without my permission?"

"I came to take Amy. free her of her."

"Pooh, if anyone hears it, they'll think it was a kidnapping. No matter how noble you are, there are things you need to be careful about. Especially in a place like this."

Shirone's prediction was correct. This was an extraterritorial zone protected by the island government.

"What are you doing? Send the little ones back."

"Where shall we send it back, brother?"

Falcoa picked and exhaled.

"To hell."

The direct subordinates in room 4 warmed up and approached. It was a prayer on a different level from the employees he had passed so far.

Tess said as she prepared to draw her sword.

"Shirone, be careful. All of these are schema users."

Shirone's eyes lit up. Tess had a good eye for it, so it was probably true.

Of course, most of the swordsmanship school students can open the schema. However, it was obviously strange that not one of the gangsters who lived on an island that was not inland was able to schema.

'Who the hell are you? How can a mere bar owner lead such talented people?'

Shirone stared at the subordinates blocking the front. At that moment, a tremendous emotion struck Shirone's heart.

"Kuk!"

"Shirone, watch out! It's pressing!"

There are a lot of abilities that correspond to 'skills of the eye' in the schema style, but pressing was the most popular skill among them.

It was because the reaction was intuitive, so it was good to use in practice, and it was easy to learn if you knew how to radiate emotions outward.

Shirone was not taken aback. The moment his opponent's hostility weighed down his lungs, he realized that it was the same technique he suffered from Adele, the head of the Karmis family.

However, the quality of emotions was different. If Adele's pressing was simply to overwhelm the opponent, their pressing was only to end life.

Lian grabbed the handle of the straight sword and took a step.

"You dare!"

"Lian! wait!"

As Shirone shouted, Falcoa's men raised their eyes in puzzlement. It is a pressing that kills as many as 10 people at the same time. Far from spitting out words, it should have been normal if his heart had already stopped.

But Shirone was still standing. Even with a faint smile on his lips.

Amy was the only person who understood the situation.

'Geumgang Bulgogi. In a sense, it's an ability comparable to my red eyes.'

You cannot wield a Shirone by pressing. No, it might be possible, but at their level, there was no chin.

Shirone moved slowly. Then, as if the atmosphere was being pushed back, his men retreated in equal strides.

Of course, it was not easy for Shirone to let go of his emotions.

It was the pressure injected by 10 veterans who had experienced countless battles.

I can't put a value on my feelings, but I guess it was like waiting for a carriage to come running from afar with your hands and feet tied to the ground.

To be more precise, it was the fear of the moment when the carriage arrived right in front of his eyes and the huge wheels filled his vision.

In reality, since death awaits, the time to feel fear is only 0.1 second, but currently, Shirone has been feeling the same emotion for over 20 seconds.

=======================================
[134] What takes precedence (5)





In a word, it was not the intensity of emotions that could exist in reality. It was a situation where the heart could stop due to nervous system shock even if the Diamond Buddha was shaken by 1 percent.

But Amy wasn't worried. Because even that 1 percent doesn't shake, it can be called a diamond.

Shirone finally pushed his men to the table. Falcoa, who watched the mess, contorted his face in anger.

"What are you doing! Cut your throat right now!"

The subordinates charged at the same time pulling out the longswords worn on their waists.

"Damn it! It's embarrassing to use a knife on a kid!"

At that moment, light flashed from Shirone's body. A flash of light in the confined space blinded his men.

"Keugh! what!"

As befits those who have mastered the art of the eye, dark adaptation was fast enough to escape human limitations. But they didn't move. The subordinates and Falcoa were just staring blankly at Shirone.

"what? What are you going to do with the light?"

Shirone flipped her palm and launched an orb of light. The golden photons were compressed to a pale color as they were compressed at great speed.

"Shirone, can you?"

Amy finally realized in front of the power of the photon, which shook so much that the frequency could not be measured.

A magic that generates a shock wave by accelerating mass to a speed comparable to that of light. It was the Photon Cannon.

"Shirone! you that... ... !"

It is not easy to avoid the photon cannon in an enclosed space. In the end, someone would be beaten, and if that happened, there would be no choice but to die.

Before Amy could finish her words, Shirone raised the white sphere. And with all his might, he pinned him to the ground.

The moment the flash struck, a tremendous roar spread out as if thunder struck in front of my eyes, shaking the room.

"Keugh! What, what, this!"

People in the room covered their ears. As the shockwave spread across the ground, underground structures shuddered. Piles of dust poured from the ceiling.

The subordinates were as relaxed as if they had survived a natural disaster. The echo of the roar that had not left the basement still lingered in my ears.

After a while, the gang members looked back at the place where Shirone's magic had been applied. Surprisingly, the bottom was not dug deep. However, the flat pressed range exceeded 4 meters in diameter.

"What, here... ... Isn't it underground?"

The subordinates couldn't believe it even after seeing it with their own eyes.

It was a temple that could be said to be the strongest structure in Galliant. In order to create a space underground, a design method focused on durability is essential. In fact, the floor of the temple was covered with thick steel plates.

It was understandable that the entire basement was shaken if the steel plate was carelessly pressed against it. In short, it was not a force that humans could withstand.

Like veterans, his subordinates did not show a crying expression. However, I kept as much distance as possible and was wary of Shirone.

Falcoa's impression crumpled again at that appearance.

It was the fact that he overcame 10 pressings, but the magic he had now was the kind he had never seen before.

"you... ... Who the hell are you? Where is the line?"

A huge network of wizards connecting continents is called a line. However, Shirone did not know the words commonly used in the wizarding society. He just proudly revealed his origins.

"I am Shirone who attends Alpheas Magic School."

Jess looked back at Shirone in amazement. For aristocrats, origin is a golden rope, but in some circumstances it becomes a fetter.

Since she was treated so badly at the port, there was no way that Shirone didn't know about it. But why did he reveal his origin?

"student? No wonder. Are you saying that I was just distracted by the student subject? Hey, isn't it? If I accuse the school, you will be finished that day. You will probably be kicked out."

"If you want to file a complaint, do so."

Falcoa's eyebrows twitched at the unexpected reaction.

"It doesn't matter whether it's discipline or expulsion. Because that won't dictate my life. Of course school is an important place for me. But there are plenty of things more important than that. And Amy... ... ."

Shirone glared at Falcoa and continued.

"It takes precedence over all priorities set by me."

Amy blinked. The quickening speed of her eyelids seemed to indicate her heart rate.

"It's okay to receive any kind of punishment. If you want to sue, do it. But Amy won't stay here even for a second. If you bring my friend to such a filthy place one more time, then I will really smash it."

With a squeak, Lian's straight sword came out with the sound of water. The fact that a sword the height of an average person extended forward was overwhelming.

"As expected, Shirone. Because my eyes weren't wrong."

Lian realized why the sword had not been drawn willingly until now. Just as a small crack breaks an iceberg, the minor stumbling block of discipline seems to have disturbed his convictions.

"You are right, Shirone. Putting your friends in danger because you're afraid of discipline? You must be kidding. Ogent Lian has never lived like that for a moment."

After Lian, Tess's three swords were pulled out.

"Ho-ho-ho! The same goes for Elzaine Tess! We can't leave the Shirone faction's mascot, Amy, in a den of raw thugs like this!"

Lian looked back at Tess as if she was dumbfounded.

"Since when have you been Shirone wave?"

"Ahh, at times like this, let's just move on. Anyway, I don't notice."

Tess, who fired at Lian, turned to Amy. She's still lost in her thoughts, but her cheeks are more flushed than before.

A friendly smile crept across Tess' lips.

'That would be nice. Amy.'

Tess was also a woman, so I could guess her feelings.

To Shirone, Amy was not just a point looking down from an omniscient point of view. She is an irreplaceable friend. No, maybe she was something more than that.

Shirone, who pushed the men's approach with force, walked towards Amy. Then he held out his hand and repeated his first words.

"Let's go, Amy."

Finishing her thoughts, Amy lifted her head and said.

"... ... yes."

When Amy stood up, Falcoa's face flushed red. Clumps of gore came rushing in, making a commotion, and now they were going out on their own.

'Has the world's Falcoa fallen this far?'

It's been five years since all the members of the organization hid on the island to avoid the continent's pursuers. There was a lot of work, but everything was boring to him.

Thanks to that, my brain was soaked in drugs and my mind, which only knew blood, was oiled. But just five years ago, it was Falcoa who cut down countless people while crossing the continent.

At that time, he was a creature that exists to cut someone. Even if he was the captain, he couldn't ignore Falcoa's skills, and that's why he was not banished until now.

"Hey, don't you think you'll be able to get out safely?"

Amy stopped and looked back at Falcoa.

"If you make a fuss here, you will be in trouble too. Underground guests are drug addicts and will be your biggest bankroll. If you want to sue, do so. But neither of us will stand still. Maybe this store will close."

"Did you just believe in that and be fooled? I'm sorry, but no one on this island can touch me."

"But inland, the story is different."

Falcoa frowned and looked at Amy. Both of her eyes were burning red.

'Hongan. It must have been Karmis.'

Falcoa knew the famous Karmis family on the continent. The ability to save a state at a specific point in time and restore it at any time.

No drug can make you addicted to it, and no drug can penetrate it. The Karmis family was not called invincible in the spirit world for nothing.

'Did it mean that it was a fish that could not be caught from the beginning? That girl knows everything and followed it.'

Falcoa gnashed his teeth with an expressionless face.

If it was the Karmis family, it was the first rank in the aristocratic hierarchy, so if she put her hand to it, it wouldn't be impossible for the fortress to collapse after five years of hard work.

The amount of money earned by distributing loops is enormous. Even the most distraught Falcoa was sensitive to money. Because you can't buy loops without money.

"haha! Cheeky bitch. I will definitely repay you for this humiliation!"

"Do it if you can. But you'd better be careful the next time we meet. Now that this has happened, I'm thinking of not caring about school and having fun."

Amy, who had clearly fired at Falcoa, returned to the arms of Shirone and the others.

"Sorry for worrying you. Let's go now."

Not wanting to stay here any longer, they quickly stepped up to the ground. Employees were watching at every corner, but no one stopped them.

As soon as I left the bar, I could feel the air change. Tess spread her arms and inhaled the night air.

"Whoa, it feels good. Thanks to Amy, we got the tour right. You went around the most famous royal palace on Galliante Island from the basement to the top."

"ha ha ha! You're right when you hear that. Besides, I went to the sandy beach, stopped by the port, and toured the commercial district, so I guess I've been to all but the historical sites?"

Amy was taken aback by Lian's words.

"what? Have you been to your port?"

"yes. Because Shirone said it was quick to grab and ask the gang members. she ran like crazy If it wasn't for the enthusiastic coachman, I would have missed it on time."

Amy looked at Shirone. Then, when her eyes met, he slightly averted her gaze. I haven't had the courage to look at his face properly yet.

I remembered Shirone's words I heard in the basement. He must have said the importance of friends without needing to misunderstand, but that was enough.

Why didn't I know? When she fell off the cliff, she was the only person who called her name and held her hand.

Amy could be satisfied with realizing its meaning.

"Amy, I'm sorry I'm late. I'll go back and talk to you. There was something special on the way."

"Heh, I'm not even curious! Why should I listen to that?"

"Are you still not angry?"

The anger has already been resolved. But Amy, she thought, she'd rather be angry with her than she was.

"Let's get this straight. Surely you're not imagining anything strange about today's work, are you? A prince on a white horse who saved the princess, something like that."

"yes? not really?"

"Thank you for coming to help, but I was not caught, but followed for personal reasons. Even if you don't help, those guys are no match for me."

"haha! Know. I'm class po and you're a senior so who cares about whom?"

When Shirone readily agreed, Amy felt rather weak.

"Huh, what... ... I just need to know It's just like that."

Tess grabbed her stomach and laughed. It felt like Amy had finally returned to her original Amy.

Lian shouted as she turned to the business district.

"Hungry! Shall we buy a late-night snack on the way back?"

"Midnight Snack? Good! i love it! Hurray!"



* * *



Jess was able to return home after midnight as he was cleaning out the tavern.

After being beaten, nervous, and even working, my body felt heavy, as if I had doubled my weight.

Even so, I was able to endure it thanks to the relief that the things I feared did not happen.

Amy escaped safely from Falcoa's clutches. She, as well as herself, was not harmed in any way.

Since he did what he was told to do, there wouldn't be any reason to beat even Falcoa.

'If it wasn't for him, I might have died.'

Amy's face came to mind as clearly as the real thing.

Of all the women Gees had ever met, there was no woman as strong and beautiful as her. Why would such a great man try to help himself?

'Shirone? He said he was also a commoner.'

Jess remembered everything Shirone said at the bar.

=======================================
[135] Overriding (6)





At the time, I was too scared to intervene, but my heart was the same as Shirone's.

But when Shirone reached out to Amy, and when Amy answered the call, Jess awoke from her dream.

He could never become Shirone himself.

"Sheesh, she pretends to be very cool even though she is a commoner."

If I had just learned a little magic, I wouldn't have felt jealous. When dealing with arrogant nobles, he sometimes thought that he was lucky to have been born as a commoner.

But Shirone was also a commoner. And he had the courage to give up something precious for his friend.

Jess remembered Amy's sad smile in the carriage. Did Shirone know the meaning of that smile? No, she would never know. It was an inner feeling that he would have revealed because it was in front of himself, not with anyone.

Thinking about it made me sick again.

"Damn it! Are you a commoner? You can't make any excuses! What kind of guys are there!"

Jis, who brushed off his frustration in front of the house, opened the door and entered. She saw that a candle was lit in the depths of the floor, and it seemed that her sister had been waiting all this time.

"Brother, why are you so late? You knew what had happened and were worried."

"Yuna, why didn't you sleep? How are you going to work tomorrow?"

"Then oppa didn't even come in, so you want me to sleep? What happened?"

"no. It's nothing. I was just busy, so the time passed like this."

Jess knelt down in front of Yuna. It wasn't because he was his younger sister, but he wasn't a person to fall for anywhere. Besides, she was wise and kind-hearted, even if she hadn't learned anything.

Yuna was the pride of Jess. That's why she shouldn't let her live a shabby life like hers. She didn't want to be successful, but she was a child who could meet a good man and live a happy life.

"Why is your face so emaciated? Be honest. Even if everyone else can fool you, you can't fool me. Or will you not cook me breakfast tomorrow?"

"ha ha ha! oops, be scared I just had a few things that hurt my pride. But I'm fine now."

"Ugh, does his ego get hurt all the time? I can't even eat it because it's rotten. Anyway, wash it off first. The smell of sweat from oppa is no joke."

Jess' eyes became warm. Seeing her put her mind at ease. What if you're not as great as others? If only Yuna was there, he would not be envious of anything in the world.

Jess hugged Yuna. The body odor of a family member who shared the same smell blew away the tiredness of a fearful day.

"Oh, the smell! What are you doing all of a sudden? Wash up first!"

"Wait a minute, Yuna. My brother will definitely become the ruler of the port."

"tooth! is that still the sound? Who is the ruler of the port? If so, no one will find out."

"haha! It doesn't."

Yuna smiled and hugged Jess. The truth is she didn't hate the smell of sweat. She wouldn't have shed a single drop of sweat for herself.

"I really hope that such a day will come. My brother will definitely be able to do it."

"yes... ... ."

Jess looked at the moonlight pouring through the window. The weather was perfect for night viewing.

Ancient Ruins (1)





Shirone and the others have been busy since dawn. The men cleaned the house while the women washed, and when the men entered the bathhouse, the women sat in front of mirrors to dry their hair and groom themselves.

After finishing the bath, Shirone and Lian looked into the women's room and thought time had stopped. Because Amy and Tess were still doing something in front of the mirror.

Inevitably, the men ate breakfast first. It was dawn by the time I ate a simple meal with the food I bought in the city last night.

Only then did the women start choosing clothes, and the clothes changed every time they went in and out of the door.

Lian thought Tess and Amy were testing him.

It was okay to change into other clothes because I didn't like the clothes, and it was possible because I was a woman.

But what is the sign that you don't like it, change into something else, and wear it again after a while? Are you really going to give it a try? Isn't this an obvious challenge to test the viewer's memory?

"Oh, just wear something. Are you going to catch a dragon? Why do you care so much about a piece of cloth that has no defense?"

Tess looked at Lian with eyes full of astonishment.

"Oh, really bad! We dress up more because you guys don't pay attention to how you dress. Keep your mouth shut because everyone is saying good things to you."

Amy came out wearing a light blue dress.

"Shirone, isn't this strange?"

"No, it is pretty! Amy looks good no matter what she wears."

"yes? Hmm."

Amy didn't really listen and went back to her room. Tess was just jealous of Amy.

"Please watch and learn from Shirone. Ugh, I hate it."

Lian pursed her lips as Tess closed the door and went inside. What the hell is she doing to herself? Being honest about what was in your heart was a virtue and a source of pride for a prosecutor.

"Shirone, how do you come up with those words right away? Teach me too."

"yes? It's simple. You can't say it's weird no matter what you wear."

"Hahahahaha!"

Lian fell backwards, grabbing her belly button.



11 am.

After changing, the women checked their knapsacks. In preparation for an unexpected situation, I carefully packed emergency food, a knife, a compass and a rope.

Satisfied with her look in the mirror, Tess clenched her fists and shouted.

"it's okay! Ready to explore ruins!"

"So, are you going to sleep now? Let's leave tomorrow morning."

Tess' face turned red at Lian's bony joke.

"How late am I? And Amy prepared it too."

"Why is Amy suddenly appearing? What kind of hostage is Amy?"

"Then do you really think that an ignorant greatsword is suitable for flimsy street clothes? From a distance, it looks like a complete caveman! You need to know the fraction."

Amy fulfilled her mission as a hostage.

"Lian, I'm sorry. Actually I'm late. Tess prepared faster than me."

"haha! are you okay. Because Amy shows that she prepared for a long time."

Tess's eyes became ferocious like an axe.

"what? Then I'm not pretty at all?"

"Hmm, where... ... ."

Lian glanced over at Tess.

Well, I thought it was pretty from the beginning. Even when she wasn't wearing any makeup, she was beautiful.

But today, it seemed like they put a lot of effort into it. Unlike usual, I sprayed perfume on it, so I could see how hard Lian, who had no aesthetic sense, was working hard.

"Yeah, what. It's enough to say that it's pretty."

"yes?"

Tess' mind, which had piled up words to reply to, was disarmed in an instant.

I never dreamed that the word pretty would come out of Lian's mouth. Her face blushed, and the fact that her face blushed made her blush even more.

"My, I know I made it because I wanted to hear something like that! you idiot! primitive man!"

"yes. Okay, so please, let's get out of here. When the sun goes down, you can't even watch it."

Lian drove his friends outside. Thus, Shirone and the others were able to leave for the trip 5 hours after waking up.

Shirone's first plan was to investigate the ruins alone with Amy. However, as his friends became closer than expected, it became impossible to move separately.

They grabbed one of the wagons lined up on the sandy beach and headed east.

It was quite a tedious journey as they had to go from the western end of the island to the eastern end. However, the four people chatting in the carriage did not notice the passage of time.

"uh? Guys, look over there!"

Shirone shouted, pointing out the window. Two kilometers from the driveway, I could see a densely forested mountain.

The mountain range continued like a camel's hump, and according to what I heard, there was a Kergo ruins at the end of that mountain range.

"It's a Toa mountain. I heard from my older brother that Galliant was originally a volcanic island. The lava that leaked out from the bottom of the sea hardened and became an island. It has been in a period of rest since a volcanic eruption occurred 500 years ago, but there is a possibility that it will be active again.

"I see. They say that the Kergo ruins were buried in volcanic ash and only half of them are exposed."

"right. The local government of Galliant proposed to restore the site, but it was rejected due to the opposition of the natives. If you go to the ruins, you can probably find out how much they were buried."

"Why would you object? If you restore the ruins, wouldn't it be good for the natives?"

"I don't know. But there must be some circumstances. Maybe you have a secret you don't want to reveal. The Galliant Autonomous Government has been on the island for less than 100 years."

"If you think about it that way, there are quite a few secrets. It doesn't seem like a really common tourist destination."

"I guess so. Among the extant ruins, it is extremely rare that the natives directly manage them. The Kergo ruins are also historically valuable."

Shirone looked at the mountain again based on Amy's explanation.

The jungle of Toa Mountain belonged only to Kergoin. The Galliant government also said that it does not come close to the Aboriginal Territory.

Shirone suddenly felt eerie. Is it a mere illusion that you can feel the gaze of the wild from the depths of the mountain?

The carriage stopped one kilometer from the Kergo ruins. The coachman told me that the carriage could not be operated from here.

Shirone got off the carriage and looked around. I saw many shops. It seemed that there was an exclusive agreement between the Horse Association and the local trade association.

"what! I paid my money and rode in a carriage, why can't I go? Then what to do with this heavy burden?"

A middle-aged man whose boat came out of the carriage that arrived after him got angry at the coachman. The wife and two daughters who got off the carriage were also full of displeasure.

"But carrier contracts do. There is a paid storage room for your luggage, so you can leave it there."

"It's like these day robbers! Does it make sense that you can't go when the road is open like that? Don't you think I'm going to get a dime out of here!"

"That is something we can't help. Sorry. Have a good trip then."

The coachman treated him in a businesslike manner, as if it had happened only once or twice, and drove away.

In the end, the middle-aged man took his luggage in both hands and headed to the paid storage room. Then, when her daughters pointed to the snack shop, they left their luggage and bought them snacks.

Shirone did not look like a middle-aged person.

"If we had known in advance, we would have lessened the load."

"Wouldn't it matter? It doesn't look like there will be a big danger in the tourist area, but it's good to be prepared. After all, the purpose is to explore."

Lian looked back at the middle-aged man walking away. Her daughters' charms seemed to relieve her mood, and she burst into laughter as she headed toward the ruins.

"It looks modest, but I used my brain. If you're a tourist, you can't afford not to spend money."

"That's true, but you can't necessarily see it as a gimmick. If the touristic commercial area is not activated, the natives will not be able to manage it."

Nodding to Amy's words, Shirone and the others started moving on foot.

It was a historically important report, but there were still many tourists. As we approached the historic site, the number gradually increased, and when we arrived at the tollgate, it was filled with people due to a bottleneck.

"Wow, see that over there? There are also people from other countries."

"Because it is world famous. See the man standing in the arch over there? I think maybe aborigines."

Shirone looked back at the direction Amy had pointed to. A man of medium height was guarding the entrance. His clothes were civilized, but his staring eyes were obviously wild.

Tess put on an inappropriately frightened expression.

"Oh, that looks scary. Didn't you tattoo her face too?"

=======================================
[136] Ancient Ruins (2)





"yes. You look really strong."

"Yeah."

Shirone and Amy agreed. It wasn't just because he had a tattoo. Their keen senses sensed the powerlessness that was actually latent in the man's figure.

But Lian thought differently.

"Huh, just because you give your eyes strength doesn't give you strength that you didn't have before. There is no need to be afraid."

Lian's senses were lower than others. That's why he couldn't open the schema, but Shirone rather felt reassured by that appearance. In any fearful situation, Lian will honestly be a shield for his friends.

"great! The ruins exploration begins!"

After passing the toll booth, the full-scale investigation began.

The Kergo site was a temple dedicated to a god and had a square structure measuring 2 km from east to west and 2 km from north to south.

After crossing the 200-meter-long moat via the viaduct, a long transept spread out, and it was only after passing another 500 meters along the worship road that we reached the central temple.

"Wow, that is really big. Is this really a building that was built thousands of years ago?"

"I heard from people earlier that it was buried in volcanic ash, so it's only about this size, but it's actually several times bigger."

Shirone looked down at her feet. Since the volcanic eruption occurred 500 years ago, the volcanic ash must have formed below the surface.

Amy, who was leading the way, turned to Shirone and shouted.

"Shirone, what are you doing? I should also look around the central temple."

Shirone didn't answer. He was just engrossed in something with a faint smile.

Amy, puzzled, approached Shirone.

"what's the matter? what's the matter?"

"Amy, go into the Spirit Zone."

"Spirit Zone? Why suddenly John?"

Realizing that moment, Amy slapped her palm.

"Ah, that's right!"

Wizards can expand their senses with the Spirit Zone. If something was hidden under the ruins, there was no way it wouldn't be synesthesia.

"okay. I'll try."

Amy entered the Spirit Zone. While exploring the underground with synesthesia, her eyebrows gradually began to narrow. After about 5 seconds, she finally released her zone as if she realized something.

"Shirone, this... ... ."

"yes. nothing caught At least there will be bedrock, but nothing gets caught."

"Isn't it because the layer of volcanic ash is thick? How about going very deep?"

It was hard because I couldn't do it. But she thought for a moment, and Shirone noticed her and shouted.

"Aha, there was such a way."

Amy could do it. It was because her talent was the target type with the longest range among her four ways.

The target type is also called the cross zone, and the wizard is located at the intersection of the two lines and quickly rotates it to hit a specific target quickly.

But it didn't end there.

Amy, who entered her senior year, developed her target type into sniper mode while choosing her major.

The sniper mode, in which the shape of the spirit zone was perfectly straight, was characterized by the wizard being located at the end of the zone to enhance the flight distance.

This form is called a directional zone, and although the rotation of the zone is slow, it was able to produce a range at least four times longer than the target type.

Even if you expand the radius of the zone to only 500 meters in diameter, it is over 1 kilometer in the target type. From there, if you enter sniper mode again, you will be able to hit a target as far as 4 kilometers away.

Currently, Amy's default radius is 68 meters in diameter. When switched to target type, it was 143 meters, and when it entered sniper mode, it exceeded 500 meters.

"Okay, I'll try."

Amy entered the zone at the same time as the sequence ceremony. The four-way transformation took place at high speed and stood tall as a cross with its axis inclined at 90 degrees.

'Sniper Mode!'

Amy's john started digging down like it was pouring down. A moan leaked through her clenched teeth.

As the zone lengthens, durability inevitably weakens. It wouldn't be a problem if there were no obstacles in the way, but John was bent back and forth, confused about how the ground had formed and eaten.

Amy infiltrated even more desperately.

And the moment I thought I had touched something for the first time, John was shattered and my consciousness was shaken.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

"Amy! It's fine?"

Shirone hurriedly helped Amy. Cold sweat broke out on her forehead.

"It's fine. this must be hard I've penetrated up to 300 meters, but it's impossible below that. From there, just float like throwing a thread into some kind of sea."

Shirone could guess how powerful the force was at work. Amy's John is by no means weak in durability. She was comparing her own zone to her frail thread.

"But you figured out that something was there. That alone is great."

"If it is a success, it will be a success. But that's not enough. A person who can expand the zone while maintaining durability. Unless you are at least a high-level zoner, it will be impossible to navigate to the Spirit Zone."

Shirone felt that if it was not at that level, he would not have dared to explore the underground of the ruins.

"If I knew it would be like this, I would tell Ares. If it's the extent of the expedition that my brother belongs to, there will be a Joner who can explore this place."

"Or ask Teacher Etella."

Like a monk, Ethella was a Joner who specialized in durability. He was the perfect person to explore this terrain.

"If it's Etella-sensei, it might be possible. I don't know how deep it is, but I'll easily pierce the place I've reached."

Lian interrupted.

"But if that's the case, then we don't have to investigate, right? I heard that the principal gave a hint. Wouldn't his words also imply that you should find out for yourself?"

Shirone and Amy looked back at each other and kept their mouths shut. There were times when I forgot the meaning like this if I only looked at efficiency.

Amy admitted frankly.

"Lian is right. But it's too precious. There is no need to investigate the ruins as long as you drill here. Why don't you just keep thinking this way?"

Shirone understood Amy's feelings. She went on a journey to find her hints about the labyrinth, not to explore her ruins.

"First, let's try several things. It's not something you can do right now. This makes me more curious. Now I think I will be satisfied to see it with my own eyes."

Leaving only a vague imagination of the underground, Shirone and the others continued their exploration.

However, the Kergo ruins were really just a common tourist destination.

As if mocking those who were seriously investigating, the men were chatting and the children were running around turning pinwheels.

"Amy, are we working hard?"

"Don't ask. Because I'm feeling self-defeating right now."

After touring the last route, the central temple, the group eventually stopped investigating. Nothing unusual could be found in the ruins on the ground.

"I do not get it. The headmaster said he would find out when he got here. But what does a ruin from thousands of years ago have to do with a maze?"

"Anyway, there must be something underground. After all, shouldn't we have no choice but to search through the Spirit Zone?"

Lian's eyes lit up as if he had remembered something.

"I have a good idea. If you can't penetrate the spirit zone, how about digging into the ground yourself? Will something come out eventually?"

Shirone and Amy looked at Lian as if they were bewildered, then resumed their conversation.

"How about getting in touch with the natives? I live with the locals, so there will be people who can speak the common language."

"Hmm, that's right. But I don't think such people know anything important. I'd rather have an interpreter... ... ."

Lian screamed in agony.

"Hey! Why don't you answer me? Let's dig!"

Tess intervened.

"You idiot, how do you put a shovel in a ruin that even the self-governing government can't touch? If you do that, you will receive a heavy punishment for damaging cultural heritage."

After scolding Lian, she turned to Shirone.

"What are you going to do now?"

"I don't know. Investigation is the best, but I think it will be difficult right now. I need to find an interpreter and I need a tribunal pass."

"yes? Then, I have a method I can try right away, but would you like to hear it?"

"Oh, really? tell me! What is it?"

Lian said with a hateful expression, as if he couldn't be embarrassed alone.

"You're not talking about secretly digging, are you?"

Tess desperately suppressed her anger and continued.

"... ... anyway. Here's how I thought. While you paid attention to the ruins, I took a look around the other side. But there is one peculiar thing."

"What is unusual? what is that?"

Tess scanned the surroundings with her gaze.

"Look closely at the people. Most are tourists, but there are a few that are not. The ones who walk in groups, are armed, and don't care much about ruins."

The three of them looked around. Certainly it was. There were obviously not many, but armed men were walking around.

"Aha! I see!"

"Yes, they are mercenaries. Why are mercenaries roaming around tourist attractions? Some of them look quite strong. After all, there is something in these ruins."

"And the mercenaries know that?"

"That's right. After all, contacting the natives takes time, and they might not talk to you, right? But mercenaries are different. Because the fact that you are here means you know something."

Shirone admired Tess' keen eye. While others were concentrating on the ruins, she was alone observing her external situation.

If you knew Tess's origins, it was natural. The Elzain family has historically produced numerous commanders and diplomats. But their true strength lies elsewhere.

It was Ganja.

Of course, from the point of view of the enemy country, it was a spy, but the information that infiltrated and sent to countries around the world was making a huge contribution to the diplomatic strategy of the kingdom of Tormia.

'Definitely a good idea. No, that's the only thought right now.'

Shirone decided to adopt Tess' strategy.

"great. Then, can I follow the mercenary from now on?"

"tailing? Hmmm, to be honest, I'm not sure. Getting caught by a high-level mercenary is a headache. In particular, if it is a sensory system schema, it should be seen that it is unconditionally caught. If I follow myself, I can do anything."

"There is such a problem. I don't even know how to hide my presence. What then?"

"Whoa, do I really need to go looking for it? If it's a mercenary, there's a place where it's spread out, right?"

"yes? is there such a place? Where are you?"

Tess winked and pointed somewhere.

"Do you want to have a drink or something?"



* * *



Several shops made out of shacks lined the inner southwest wall of the site.

It was in order of restaurants, bars, and side dishes. Compared to general stores, the scale was shabby, but the earnings were much better.

It is located inside the historic site, and even the price was expensive, but people still found this place as one of the advantages of being comfortable.

Shirone and the others entered the bar. I wonder how many people would have a drink in broad daylight, but all but two tables were occupied.

Shirone and the others chose a corner. Amy sat next to Shirone, and Lian and Tess sat across from him.

"Are you going to drink?"

"Should I do it? Because it's a place that sells alcohol. But let's eat mostly snacks. We'd better settle for lunch here."

Tess ordered. Hot noodles and minced meat came out along with Galliante Island's traditional liquor.

The four people who had a poor breakfast stopped talking for a while and focused on eating.

At that moment, a giggling sound was heard from the side. At first, I tried not to care, but I couldn't help but cry as the annoying ridicule continued.

=======================================
[137] Ancient Ruins (3)





"Those kids, are you laughing at us right now?"

"it's okay. don't turn your head I'm doing that because I'm drunk."

Tess patted Lian on the leg to calm her down. It was common for mercenaries to fight in a bar, but as a job was a job, it rarely ended well.

"They still haven't responded. I hope it's not like I can't hear it. I'm laughing at you, you idiots."

"Look at that son of a bitch. Are you stupidly big? The size of the woman next to her is no joke. I won't tell you where. Fuhahaha!"

Lian clenched his fists. He would tolerate insulting himself, but he could not forgive her friend for mocking her.

Then Tess grabbed Lian's wrist. If left alone, he was ready to turn the table over.

While eating noodles, Shirone searched for memories.

When I came in, there were four mercenaries sitting at the table over there. Three men, one woman. Archers seemed to be included, and the woman was most likely a wizard, judging from the fact that she had no weapons.

'Mage to archer. It's a pretty solid group.'

The mockery of the mercenaries continued without a break.

"That blonde hair, now you pretend to eat? please look back I'm getting ready to blow the bottle. Are you in a bad mood today? That's why I'm doing it to see some blood."

"Aw, stop. Do you enjoy teasing kids?"

The woman tried to stop, but the truth was not contained. It seemed that he preferred to enjoy it this way rather than ridicule it openly.

"Hey, little kids. Don't you have the courage to fight? Aren't you ashamed to look at women? They probably went around bragging about how strong they were."

"hello? Can you hear me? Answer me if you hear it, or would you like to go there yourself?"

Lian couldn't contain his anger. He knows it's part of the operation, but he doesn't want to put up with this insult.

But Lian couldn't move in the end. It was because his eyes met with Shirone, who was looking at him with a calm expression.

'Shirone... ... .'

Shirone, who was bound by a knight's oath, doesn't say anything. If he couldn't endure even this level of humiliation, he would rather disgrace Shirone's face.

'Yes, this is also practice. I participated in this trip as a trainee knight. Rather, it gave me a good opportunity to test myself.'

As soon as I made up my mind, I felt like I could endure it like a lie. Lian was able to think about the meaninglessness of words once again.

After about 10 minutes, the mercenaries prepared to leave. They thought they had won a complete victory. They were the perfect snacks for a drinking party.

"Geuk, it's the first time I've seen such servile people living and living."

"Ugh, that's okay. They were weak kids, so of course they must have been scared. Aren't you pitiful?"

"Hey! I wish you because it might not be right. live like that for the rest of your life You will live a long life."

The mercenaries paid for the drinks and disappeared. Then, the owner of the store, who had been ignorant until now, ran to the table.

"Are you all right? bad guys in the world. To say abusive words against innocent kids."

"Do you know those people?"

"I come often lately. Drinking and rambling on people like you who don't want to fight. I want to tell you not to come, but you don't know what harm will happen if that happens. Anyway, you've held up well In times like these, patience wins."

Shirone's eyes lit up. If there wasn't something in the ruins, there was no way a party with a mage would come.

Tess comforted Lian. Honest, they didn't have the ability to deceive themselves like Shirone. It was literally a situation that I endured with kkang.

"Nice job, Lian. I was so nervous that I might have an accident."

"It was dangerous. But will we meet again anyway? Didn't you put up with it for that?"

"right. Let us also depart."

Shirone stood up and said. When I paid for the drink and left the store, the mercenaries were walking toward the central temple.

Instead of following, Shirone and the others chose to watch from a high place. Since most of the archer's schema builds are sensory, there was a high chance that they would be caught if they tried to close the distance.

Cirone went up to the 4th floor of the temple building and inspected the mercenaries. Surprisingly, it was a young party made up of people under 30.

The swordsman with a slim figure seemed to be the leader. The sword worn around his waist was a steel sword with high recognition, enough that Tess could recall the name of the craftsman just by looking at the design.

Beside him was a giant with a blunt weapon, followed by a man with long hair and a woman in a robe in the back row.

"Two warriors. One of them is a prosecutor. One archer, one mage. I can sort it out like this. Even though it's a tourist destination, it's lined up. It's a party with a lot of practical experience. I think not following him was the right decision."

The mercenaries walked to the tiered altar to the east of the central temple. Shirone remembered that place. Unusually, it was a place where I thought it was strange because the natives were guarding it.

Among the mercenaries who approached the natives, the archer gesticulated and spoke. He probably spoke the Kergo language.

The native looked around bluntly. It was clear that he cared about people's attention. Shirone and the others realized that now was the right time and went down the stairs.

When the native activated the device, a rectangular crack opened in the altar and was pushed inside. As the thick stone gate moved to the side, an entrance covered with a dark barrier appeared.

"Wait! We will go in too!"

The mercenaries who were moving their steps looked back with firm expressions. But the tension quickly dissipated and irritation set in. The kids who were bullying at the bar were coming running.

"what? When did you guys follow me?"

"Mister, can we go in too?"

"Go away! This is where we found it! Do you know where this is?"

"Don't do that... ... !"

The moment Shirone pleaded again, the leader drew his sword. It can't be said that the speed of the launching sword was fast, but after countless repetitions, the naturalness that was acquired by the body was outstanding.

"You wanna die? Do we look good? If it doesn't go out, I'll cut everyone's throat here."

Unlike before, Shirone did not back down. At his bar, he couldn't even turn his head, but now they were looking straight in the eye. The contrast effect made the leader uncomfortable.

"These children... ... !"

said the native guarding the altar.

"Are you together?"

The leader gave up his life and looked back at the archer. The only person who could interpret was the archer.

"What is this child saying?"

"I'm asking if you're with me?"

"huh! what is the group I'll take care of it now, so please wait."

When the archer conveyed the leader's words, the eyes of the natives widened. He spoke in an overbearing tone, as if he had been insulted.

"Warriors do not fight anywhere. Anyone who disturbs the sacred altar with blood will never set foot here."

The archer licked his lips and translated.

"I think you better quit. They say they won't let you in if you fight here."

"Sheesh! lucky kids. You saved your life twice."

As if the leader didn't want to care any more, he mounted the sword and entered the altar at the same time. Then the other party followed and entered the dark door.

Shirone and the others held their place for a while. If they went in together, there would have been no problem, but the situation was like this, and the sharp eyes of the natives were bothered.

"If you want to be tested, come in. The eyes of an angel will watch over you."

"What is this person saying?"

"Well. Since you've come, I think you're telling me to play comfortably? If I had intended to kick them out, I would have closed the door."

Shirone noticed and moved on. He received no reaction from the natives. Only then did the four of them, convinced, entered the door as dark as the abyss.

Eight people disappeared in an instant, but no tourist knew about it.

Labyrinth construction (1)





Upon entering the altar, Shirone inspected the structure. Contrary to what it looked like from the outside, it was not dark inside because the torches were on.

A square hole was sunk into the ground, and along the inner wall a staircase descended in a right-angled spiral.

Looking down, I saw a group of mercenaries who had already circled the helix twice.

Shirone walked quickly. Maybe he had a second gateway, so it was not good for him to distance himself from the mercenaries.

Eventually, a group of eight people came down the stairs.

The leader was annoyed at the kids who got on the free ride on the information he bought with a huge amount of money.

However, fulfilling the purpose of coming here was the first priority, so I put aside the thought of fighting for a while.

The archer in charge of the back end of the mercenary party asked Shirone, who was following him.

"Are you sane? Why do things without blood on their heads come and go in places like this?"

"Then why did you come here?"

"What, did you follow me without knowing anything?"

"Yes. I don't know."

The archer looked at Shirone in bewilderment. I thought maybe it could be. It was an open secret that a hidden door existed in the ruins.

Something exists beneath the ruins. But don't know what it is. This was the limit that ordinary people interested in historic sites could think of.

"Since I came in anyway, can you tell me? Why did you come here?"

The archer wondered what to do. I ran through the information market until my feet were sweating to find the hidden door.

In addition, the password had a high level of information, so he had to pay up to 20 gold.

However, as long as it has already passed through the door, the value of the information has been lost.

The archer thought that far and said with his eyes shining.

"How about this? The fact that you guys entered the door means that you broke through a high-security password. In terms of money, it would be well worth about 100 gold. So, I will sell you information. For 5 gold per question. how?"

"it's okay. You'll find out when you go down anyway."

When Shirone said it without thinking, the archer's enthusiasm went up. I felt like I was ridiculed by a child for making money or not.

'Such a foolish little boy... ... !'

At that moment, the leader stopped walking. When the leader stopped, the people following slowed down in order.

"No, that sounds good. Do you know how hard we struggled to find our way? If you try to swallow it raw, you can't. If you want to get down here, pay us."

Shirone looked back at Amy. She shrugged her shoulders, nodded her head approvingly, and spoke to her leader.

"Then I won't go down. We'll be here, so go down and work."

"Such a dog... ... !"

The leader unknowingly burst into tears.

I should have recognized it when I couldn't even turn my head at the bar. It would be a case like this that the corrupt things lived only in the mouth .

"But if it's 1 gold per question, I'm willing to accept the deal."

"yes? 1 gold?"

The leader's mind spun quickly. You can't get your money's worth from them anyway. If so, wouldn't it be beneficial to earn even a few gold?

"great. 1 gold per question. Pay 1 gold first."

Shirone rummaged through the bag of gold coins and took out 1 gold. He could have done his research separately away from the mercenaries, but his friends respected Shirone's judgment.

Shirone thought that this situation was worth 1 gold. I have no idea what might be underground. He thought that if he could prepare in advance with 1 gold, he would never lose.

For example, if there is a danger that only mercenaries know about, if they fall into a trap, they will be left without a move. However, after listening to the explanation, I was able to roughly predict the danger and difficulty of the underground.

"Why did you come here?"

There was room for fabrication if asked too broad a question, so Shirone got down to the nitty gritty.

=======================================
[138] Labyrinth space-time (2)





However, the leader was also not an easy opponent.

"I came to meet the natives. okay?"

"That could be an answer, but you have to explain. It's a breach of contract. If it's like this, I won't ask anymore."

The leader wanted to ache. He was only thinking about pranking Shirone, but he ended the business too early.

The quick-witted sorceress explained further.

"We don't know anything other than that. Because I really came to see the natives."

"okay."

Shirone looked back at his friends and nodded. If they didn't know what was underground, the danger of falling into a trap was gone.

Thinking it was a decent business, Shirone took out 1 more gold.

"Why did you come to meet the natives? 1 gold here."

The archer who received the money smacked his lips as if in conflict. To be honest, it was embarrassing to tell others.

"To save Loop. It is also distributed in the market, but you can buy it in bulk here at a much cheaper price. I'm thinking of selling it to fund my adventure. Now, is this an answer?"

Shirone was shocked for a moment. It was a place of loop trafficking that had nothing to do with the secrets of the ruins.

However, the mercenaries also found this place with only fragmentary information, so it was too early to conclude.

'How did this happen? Is it completely different from what I expected? A place that sells drugs? No, you shouldn't think like that. It is a drug to the common people, but a ritual tool to the natives. Therefore, it must be a sacred object. That means in the end... ... .'

After finishing her thoughts, Shirone asked.

"Isn't this the passage connecting the Aboriginal Autonomous District?"

"what? how do you... ... Oops!"

Realizing his mistake, the archer frowned. He answered without taking any money.

Then Shirone rummaged through his pocket and pulled out 1 gold. He was in a hurry to ask, but he had no intention of playing his trick.

"Ah, here is 1 gold. Sorry for asking first."

The archer stared at Shirone's outstretched hand.

Of course, 1 gold was not easy to earn, but it was not an amount that would terrify a mercenary with a career of his own.

"Sheesh! it's okay. Because I made a mistake."

"It is not a mistake. That's what a contract is."

"Know! It's just that I can't accept it because my pride is hurt. Damn, I can't believe I made this mistake. Because I am still far away."

"Then I'll assume the last question was service."

Shirone inserted the gold coin without hesitation. If you don't want to accept it, but you don't want to waste it, it's not the attitude of a sound student.

The archer was in trouble for no reason. At some point, I felt that I was being swayed by a child the size of a chestnut tree.

"Instead, let me ask you something. how did you find out In fact, its content is top secret."

"Because loops are sacred to the natives. Besides, if the margin is huge enough to raise a lot of money by selling loops, it won't be loosely released. After all, among the natives, permission from someone with authority is required, and of course there is only an autonomous district where there is such a person."

The archer was speechless. While wondering if there was anything worthwhile to do with money, what I found was the Kergo Ruins.

Shirone's short words contained all the conclusions he had reached after spending several days and nights researching loops and searching the information market.

"Sheesh! One hair is amazing. Any more questions?"

"No, no. Now let's go down and check."

The archer smiled bitterly. I guessed why Shirone didn't ask questions. He probably noticed that no matter what he asked, he had nothing more to say.

Shirone and the others went down for 20 minutes. Although it spiraled, it was still of great depth.

When we reached the end of the stairs, a single corridor continued. Two natives were standing at the iron gate installed 10 meters in front.

Unlike the natives outside, the upper body was exposed, and bare feet were visible under the pants.

The tattoo, which started at the navel, branched and continued up to the face, and it was frightening to see from a distance.

Shirone thought that this place would not be an autonomous district. You'll have to walk at least a few kilometers to get into the Toa Mountain jungle.

The mercenaries were also nervous. The interpreter, the archer, took a seat next to the leader.

After exchanging a few words of code in the Kergo language, the native flipped the switch.

As the wheel made of iron turned, the door opened to the left and right.

"wow... ... ."

Shirone's eyes lit up as if he had landed in an unfamiliar world.

It was an octagonal room with stone walls. On the other side of the entrance, you can see an iron gate, and three men are guarding it.

In the center was an octagonal altar, identical to the shape of the room, laid flat, with spheres about thirty centimeters in diameter floating above the eight corners.

Shirone recalled the memory. It was a sphere that I had definitely seen before.

"Oh, what about that?"

The archer looked back at Shirone as if wondering. I didn't even know what it was until I came here, and the odds of something familiar were extremely slim.

"what's the matter? Do you know what that is?"

"That's definitely a labyrinth... ... ."

The leader licked his lips.

"Hey, what are you pretending to know? Why did you even think of the double bell hanging from your lower leg?"

The leader didn't like Shirone from the bar. She didn't even have the courage to fight, but she hated people who would force their necks in front of women. Because he had no woman to support his neck.

"maze? Did you just say maze?"

A native guarding the entrance asked. Even Shirone, who did not know the language, could understand the word Miro.

The archer, who was curious about the situation, added an interpreter as if patronizing.

"You ask if you know the maze?"

"Yes. I have met you once."

When the archer said yes, the native's eyes twisted. As the tattoo bent, it was like seeing a goblin from a legend.

"You met? There can be no such thing. That is a lie."

"No. I met you for real."

The native is deep in thought. However, as if he came to a simple conclusion, he quickly returned to a relaxed expression.

"I don't judge anything. Only the eyes of an angel will watch over you."

After leaving behind incomprehensible words and closing the iron door, Shirone put aside her regret and turned around. I thought it was a start anyway.

As the mercenaries walked to the center, a native came from the other side of the iron gate.

Apparently, two of the three natives were gatekeepers, and only the man approaching seemed to have a different role.

You could tell just by looking at the color of the tattoo. While normal Kergoins have red tattoos, this man's tattoos were white.

"This is a room of achievement and sacrifice. The eight eyes of an angel will judge you. To enter Kergo, you must pass through the time-space of the labyrinth."

Upon hearing the word maze, Shirone hurriedly turned her head. But the archer kept his mouth shut, as if he had no intention of interpreting any more.

"maze? You just said it was a maze, right? What is that person saying?"

"Hey, don't get me wrong. I'm not your interpreter, so why do I have to teach you?"

"You're going to tell your colleagues anyway. tell me quickly."

"no. Let's not worry about each other from now on. We are here because we have work to do."

The man with the white tattoo crossed his arms and stared at them. It was clear that Shirone was asking for an interpreter just by his hand gestures.

"Have any of you learned the ancient language?"

"Oh, I can do a little bit."

"Then translate. Opportunities are equal for all. The eyes of an angel watch over everything in the labyrinth of time and space."

"Why should I? These are not our group. I don't know what you're judging, but please separate them."

"no. From the moment you enter the room of achievement and sacrifice, you are one. Will you achieve or sacrifice? That's all you have a choice."

"Damn it! I was caught unlucky. What are you going to do with these kids?"

As the conversation got longer, the wizard pressed on.

"What are you talking about? Please speak quickly."

Unable to do anything, the archer relayed the story he had heard so far.

The mercenaries who heard everything were irritated. Had I known this was going to happen, I should have somehow left Shirone and the others behind.

"The eyes of an angel judge? Do you mean to evaluate your skills? Wrap it up and go with those kids? Isn't this too disadvantageous for us?"

When the wizard complained, Amy's eyes narrowed.

"Hey, they keep saying we're kids, how do we know if we have any skills or not?"

"Ho-ho-ho! Oh, so what? Aren't you planning on blaming us because you didn't get a free ride? To be clear, if you mess things up because of you, you better be prepared."

"huh! Do whatever you want. Because I have no intention of being with you anyway."

The wizard smiled coldly. Who is he? He was one of the rookies in the limelight as budding wizards in the mercenary world.

He didn't get along with the poor mercenaries at all, so his colleagues were only made up of people of similar age and level.

On the other hand, it was clear that those ignorant children were students who learned swordsmanship and magic somewhere.

There was a huge difference between what I learned in school and what I practiced. He was a mercenary who had to throw his life easily, and he could be confident that he would not be pushed back even if compared to a certified wizard.

'Hey, let's see, kids. If you get past this, I'll make you cry while praying.'

Anyway, thanks to the women's spirit fight, I was able to bury the minor emotions.

As the eight of them looked back while waiting for the next one, the man with the white tattoo began to explain.

"There are two conditions for crossing the gate. You can prove your ability or send one person through the sacrifice of one person."

As soon as he heard the interpretation, Shirone asked a question.

"What do you mean prove? What specifically do you prove?"

"Hey! Don't keep interfering! They don't translate!"

"They say we have to do it together. Just ask me quickly."

The archer, who had nothing to say, gnashed his teeth and translated. The man in white nodded and added his words.

"Descendant of the warrior, go up to the altar of judgment and play your chess on one of the eight marbles. God's language will answer. Fail if red light flashes. If you see a white light, you have passed."

Shirone continued to ask questions. He seemed to have hired Archer as his personal interpreter.

"Is there a limit on the number of entries? For example, how many times can one person try?"

"It doesn't matter until you run out of strength. If a passer comes out, everyone can go to Kergo. If no one passes, you have to go back. This is the will of the labyrinth and the mission of Kergoin."

"You said achievement and sacrifice. So what is sacrifice?"

"One person can pass through with one person's blood."

"You mean you have to die?"

"Yes."

After hearing that, Shirone was lost in thought. You can take on any number of challenges, and even if only one person succeeds, everyone can pass.

But what if no successful applicants come out? I had no choice but to pass through the door at the sacrifice of my colleagues. It was one for each person's life.

'Something is strange. Was it necessary to go to Kergo with such cruelty? It doesn't make sense to kill a comrade simply to save Loop. There's something more to Kergo. After all, the mercenaries also came here without knowing the real secret of this underground.'

Shirone beckoned to translate again. The information collected so far was useful, so the archer agreed without a word.

"Are there limits to sacrifice? So either bring in someone else from outside or use the body of someone who has already died."

"no. The moment you enter the room, you are one. The door never opens until everyone agrees. Therefore, such questions are meaningless."

=======================================
[139] Labyrinth space-time (3)





Shirone realized the situation. It was a more restrictive and dangerous rule than expected. It was because it was much more difficult than I thought to unite the majority of opinions.

I don't know what was in the Kergo, but if there was something worth risking my life for, there was a possibility of infighting.

"what? Was it that simple? How about this? We'll take care of the four kids and we'll go in. I never knew there was such an easy way."

The leader looked back at Shirone and pursed his lips. Her eyes were looking forward to seeing her terrified figure, but Shirone was just pathetic.

After hearing the rules, it was the right way to cooperate even if you don't like it from now on.

A leader who puts emotions first could not only destroy the organization but also endanger the lives of his colleagues.

'This person doesn't deserve to be a leader. Other people seem to be halfway there.'

As expected, my colleagues stopped me. If you achieve achievement, you can pass unconditionally, so considering sacrifice was a later issue.

"it's okay. Let's start slowly How long will you be here?"

"Sheesh! Be lucky, kid."

The man with the white tattoo headed to the side of the altar. And he crossed his arms where he could see all eight spheres.

"My explanation ends here. Come out one by one and prove your abilities."

Shirone party and the mercenary group exchanged glances with each other. It was to calculate who had the advantage of starting first.

The leader pulled out an iron sword and pointed it at Shirone.

"Hey, you guys do it first. Of course, we don't expect it, but we should do our best so that we can get a feel for it. then you never know I will take you to Kergo."

"I don't like it. Why do you arbitrarily decide that?"

"What is it? I mean, I really don't like you! I'll kill you right now! Kill you and go in?"

"You keep causing trouble. From now on, we need to unite our opinions. Didn't you hear that if even one person refuses, you can't leave? There is no limit to the number of times, but a handicap may be applied to the person who tries, and a trap such as anti-magic may be triggered. Since it is the first time for everyone, we have to judge carefully and decide the order."

"This, this cheeky little boy... ... !"

The leader was about to lose his temper. I hated the way he talked back bluntly, but the fact that he couldn't refute was the most annoying.

But the sorceress had a different idea. Of course, there may not be any restrictions, but unless you have been to the future, it was good to consider all conceivable variables.

"That kid is right. Let's set the order. Then how should I decide?"

Shirone looked back at the space-time of the labyrinth at the altar. Having experienced a phenomenon called a spot, he was able to roughly predict what the current situation would be like.

"That sphere could probably absorb near-infinite energy. It would be standard for the warriors to do it first, excluding the magicians with high firepower."

"Does it have to be that violent? Why do you decide?"

"It is the best organ that a descendant of a warrior can prove. In addition, if you look at the altar, it has a structural characteristic of doing something to a set target. Therefore, it is reasonable to view it as a device made for the purpose of hitting."

"I got it. Then let's set the order. Shall we start with the inspection first?"

The wizard said and looked back at the leader. But he shook his head as if offended.

"No, I will do it later. What is that kid talking about knowing? It's a simple game. You just have to go out there and beat it up."

"Whoa, our leader is like this? What do you want to do?"

"That's Okay. Then we will send you a test."

Shirone looked back at the swordsman on her side. Both Lian and Tess were prosecutors. But you could predict who would come out without seeing them.

After the first try, you can get quite a lot of information. It was such a heavy mission and a dangerous role, so there was no way Lian would send Tess first.

"I will do it first. Of course, it could end on my turn. ha ha ha!"

"Anyway, unfounded confidence. Be careful anyway. Stay alert."

Supported by Tess, Lian looked around from the center of the altar.

It definitely felt different from when I saw it from the outside. The marbles on her arms all seemed to be glaring at her.

"Hey! do it faster! Are you scared already?"

Lian couldn't even hear the leader's words. He knew what to do from the time Shirone pointed at him.

'I am the vanguard, so to speak. I must get all the information I can get on my turn. Right, Shirone?'

Lian walked to the northern sphere. He was not as transparent as he seemed from afar. Shall we say that it is filled with a hazy fog?

"Hmm, you said there is no limit to the number of times, right?"

Putting his face on the sphere, Lian tapped it with the back of his hand. When she didn't respond, she repeated, gradually increasing her strength.

At some point, the fog of the beads disappeared and the number 1 appeared on the transparent beads.

"uh? Is it a number?"

Shirone recalled the explanation she had heard from the man with the white tattoo.

"Ah, God's language means numbers. Lian, just in case you don't know, get away."

Lian calmly took a couple of steps back. Moments later, the sphere glowed red, illuminating the hall.

It meant inconsistent.

I wondered what would happen, but that was all. I watched for another 3 seconds, but nothing particularly threatening happened.

"Aha, if you see a white light, you've passed, right?"

After understanding the rules, Lian returned to the center of the altar and finally drew the straight sword.

When the size of the actual sword hidden by the giant Lian was revealed, the mercenaries were startled. If that was all iron, it was a weight that could not be lifted unless it was a schema.

"Lian! Hit it with all your might!"

Tess, somewhat relaxed, turned her arms around and cheered. It was a big achievement just to know that she didn't harm anyone who tried.

"don't worry. I will destroy it in one blow."

Lian lowered his stance while holding the sword with both hands. Embarrassingly, my heart was pounding.

But isn't it a perfect situation to start with the sword passed down from your grandfather? It's an attack that uses both hands to swing wholeheartedly.

"Good! Then go!"

Lian charged at full speed and slashed the greatsword. Instead of the powerful roar that everyone expected, a round, low sound wave was heard.

The space-time of the maze was not shaken, and there was no reaction to it. It was impossible without absorbing all power.

"Oooh!"

Lian maintained the posture of striking down the space-time of the maze. He could clearly feel the energy draining from his whole body.

But more than that, I was curious about the number that would appear on the marble. Is it pass or fail?

The marble became transparent, revealing the number 241. Compared to the hitting power when the number 1 appeared, it seemed to have done quite well.

Unfortunately, however, the orb gave off a red light.

"Oh, what a waste! Shirone, can we do it one more time?"

Lian's drug is up. At first, she thought it was okay just to explore, but when she was rejected, her stomach churned as if she had been ignored.

"It's fine? Your legs look loose."

"Oh, this? It sucked all the power. It's not dangerous because it doesn't put too much strain on the body. You will recover in a little while."

Shirone nodded at the new information.

"ah-ha, I see. It's a handicap, but nothing serious. Hmm."

"Anyway, I'm really pissed off. If I had only been able to do the schema, I would have been able to pass.

At Lian's words, the warrior of the mercenary group burst into a hearty laugh.

"Puhahaha! Have you ever been lazy because you can't even ski? This is ridiculous. Get out of the way, I'll do it this time."

When the warrior entered, Lian had no choice but to leave the altar. But even as she walked away, she was muttering 'One more time.'

"Did 241 come out? Then should I aim for 2,000 or so?"

The warrior rolled up his sleeves and swung his main weapon, the flail. He also wore a hatchet at his waist, but seeing Lian's attempt, a flail seemed to be an easy way to deliver a shock.

The warrior took a deep breath and stretched all the muscles in his body. It wasn't that his muscle fibers had significantly thickened, but when those changes took place throughout his body, his size swelled noticeably.

"Tess, that person... ... ."

"right. I am a schema user. Probably riding a strength-enhancing build. Well, it's a natural choice for a warrior."

"Aaaaaaa! Goaaaaa!"

The warrior charged with a roar as loud as its size. Even so, the hand was rapidly spinning the flail.

It's not a two-handed weapon, but if you add rotational power, you can produce destructive power comparable to that.

The warrior swung his flail down as if to kill the enemy of the world.

The action stopped with a low booming sound. Like Lian, the sense of deprivation of power paralyzed her whole body.

"Whoa! Whoa! it's over! You got it right!"

The warrior took a deep breath and stepped back. The technology was gorgeous to look at, so the onlookers watched with anticipation.

The number 248 popped up.

"What, what? Nonsense! 248? Only 7 points higher than that kid? Isn't this broken?"

Tess walked to the altar, assuming a sword pose.

"Do you know what a hole-in-the-wall toy is? Come down quickly! The red light is already on!"

"No, I can't admit it! I'll do it again just once, just once!"

"Okay, come out! Recover your stamina and challenge yourself or not!"

The warrior crumpled his face as if unfair and turned his body. She couldn't understand at all.

Ever since I was young, I've never lost if it's my strength. It's 248 even with a strength-enhancing build.

"yes? wait for a sec."

The warrior looked back at Lian as if it were absurd. Didn't that kid say he couldn't open the schema?

But 241 points. In other words, it was said that he had exerted the same power as himself a little while ago with only the strength of his body.

"What, what? Nonsense! You can't ski, right? Are you lying?"

"Why are you lying about that? If you fail, let's quietly wait for the next turn."

Lian didn't want to talk about it hesitantly at the point of being rejected. What she was interested in now was how far her friend Tess could go.

Tess stood in the center of the altar and drew her sword. There was a cool sound like sliding on ice. People were mesmerized by the graceful movement, like a textbook.

"Hmm.

"No, not necessarily. Absorb all power. When I hit the straight sword, I didn't even feel the backlash. Maybe the sword won't bend?"

"yes? Shall we stab it as hard as we can?"

"If you're anxious, will you do it with my sword? It's heavy, but you can handle it with a schema, right?"

Tess raised the blade and bent it with her fingers. The sword bounced off with a ting and vibrated rapidly like a hummingbird's wings.

"No, I will try my swordsmanship. Honestly, this is pretty interesting."

Tess walked to the end of the altar and stood in a position where she looked obliquely at the space-time of the maze.

Acceleration of concentration through schemas. There are no vital points in the beads, but the speed generated by compressing the body's movement is completely converted into power.

Tess rushed in silence that was more frightening than spirited. Her perfect score on her balance test was, as befits her, an angle that made her nearly level with the ground.

The moment she arrived at the target, her body shook as if it caused an afterimage, and the three swords that grazed the ground surfaced as if they were flying.

The moment he stabbed the sphere with a perfect fante movement, he felt a flash of light explode at the tip of his sword.

Normal swordsmanship has maximum acceleration at the midpoint, but Tess's swordsmanship, which focuses on stabbing, peaks at the 'tip speed' of the sword.

As these characteristics are maximized through the schema, the thrilling illusion of the eyes occurs.

=======================================
[140] Labyrinth space-time (4)





Tess also experienced power absorption, but rewinded the motion without any disturbance and mounted the sword.

Distance control, maximum acceleration, everything was perfect. All eyes were focused on the sphere.

A number popped up. 442. It was the first time that the number exceeded 400.

What will be the result? Tess stared at her, showing no emotion.

After a while, the number disappears and the beads turn red.

"Whoa, that doesn't work. it's a shame."

Tess turned without hesitation. I could understand the feelings of the two who shouted that they would try it one more time, but it was an act of low dignity to do accordingly.

"Damn it! Isn't that really broken? I stabbed him with a saber, but how come more than a blunt weapon?"

The warrior screamed loudly. They lived in the world believing in their strength, so losing to a woman might hurt their pride, but from Tess' point of view, it was just pitiful.

"I was eliminated in the same way, so what are you doing with that? And growing power and handling power are completely different! Why don't you practice some skills instead of just lifting rocks?"

"what! Are you ignoring my power now? Can't you see these muscles? Do you have something like this?"

Tess turned her head away as if she had seen the disgusting scene. She felt it would be more convenient to have a conversation with a cow than to discuss her delicacy with a macho.

"Is the inspection line over? Then it's my turn this time."

The archer pulled out the longbow behind his back and stepped out.

Based on the previous results, it seemed that it would be difficult to get a high score with only physical strength.

Arrows are also physical attacks, but the archer was confident. Even though it's a costly method, I feel sick to my stomach, but wouldn't it be ridiculed if I didn't show off a single organ?

"Looks like you intend to use it."

As the wizard said, the archer took out an arrow from his back and removed the arrowhead. Then, he took out a uniquely shaped arrowhead from the hard leather pocket on his pants.

The tip was not sharp, but round like an almond, but it was purple, not the usual iron color.

"Hmm, that was good. Shall we try it this time?"

Amy's eyes lit up when she saw the uniquely colored arrowhead. Certainly, if that was the case, it could deliver a far more powerful impact than a normal arrow.

"Shirone, look at that. It's a magic bullet."

"uh? is that?"

Shirone had also heard about magic bullets in class. It was an item infused with magic into magic crystals, which are only extracted in very small amounts in the natural world.

The origin of magic crystals is a mystery, but it is an established theory that it is a chemical reaction in response to a unique natural phenomenon.

For example, magic crystals of lightning could be collected in dry highlands or tropical rain forests where thunderstorms often occur.

Minerals collected in this way show an affinity for a specific phenomenon, and magic engineers succeeded in storing magic in magic stones using such properties.

Of course, this was just laboratory science, the success of which cannot be called achievement.

In order to use magic crystals in real life, material engineering to convert them into energy and mechanical engineering to consume the materials in various forms must be supported.

The series of processes in which magic crystals are mined and consumed by society is made up of so many manpower and enormous capital that it can be described as an industry.

And the field that competed for the top spot in the industry was magic bullet, a lethal weapon.

"That's the expensive magic bullet. How does it compare to the magic we use?"

"It's not particularly powerful or anything. Being able to use magic without being a wizard is a huge advantage. Probably 1 gold for each one. Even though the weight of the magic bullet that actually goes into the arrowhead is only 10 grams."

Shirone stuck out his tongue. It's 1 gold for just one bowstring. If so, how much money did the 3,000 archers in the history books spend on the fire of magic bullets?

"It's great stuff. If you're like me, I don't think you'll be able to use it."

"Since we're wizards, it's only natural that we think about what we've lost. However, in actual combat, whether or not there is a spirit bullet is an extremely important issue. In a situation where you can die without moving, you can live with a single magic bullet."

"I see. But do you know the details? They didn't teach that in class either."

"I also found out recently. The reason my eldest brother came home is because of the delivery of magic bullets for the archer unit. It seems that the company has been committing corruption since a year ago, but I don't know at what stage the money is leaking out. I was curious, so I asked Nade, and he knew everything from the manufacturing process to the manufacturing technology."

"yes? Nade? When did you ask that?"

"There was a time when you woke up and closed school. According to rumors, they made an invisibility cloak, but that's an amazing skill. If it's Nade, he'll be able to make magic bullets."

"what? You make that expensive thing yourself?"

"What, didn't you know? Are you really a friend who can't live without dying?"

"Haha, that... ... . But Nade always shows weird things. He's like a carriage that never stops or a doll that does a dozen funny dances."

"Well, it's not just about having technology. Since it is a state monopoly business, if you do not obtain a license, you will be arrested for manufacturing illegal weapons. But if you're bored later, ask them to make one for you. If you ask, they will probably make it for you. It's a magic stone because you can buy it cheaply from the Alchemy Foundation."

While Shirone and Amy were talking, the archer released the magic bullet's control device.

The impact-reactive magic bullet must be secured unless it is going through a dangerous area. One of the legs would be blown off in the event of a reaction, such as being run over by a wagon.

"Hey, I'm going to use magic bullets from now on. It's called Lightning Arrow. If you stay close, you might get hit, so get back."

Shirone and the others moved as far away as possible within the sighting range. I expected that the space-time of the maze would absorb magical power, but there was nothing wrong with being careful.

As the archer pulled the string tight, even the tension around him seemed to rise. After a while, the moment I let go of my hand, the arrow sounded like a flute and crashed into the space-time of the maze.

As the magic bullet reacted, it released powerful lightning bolts.

However, the blue electricity was generated only inside the marble. As expected, it seemed to absorb even magic power.

The beads flashed for about 3 seconds, then went quiet. People waited for the number to come up, thinking that it was really worth the money.

1020.

The corners of the archer's mouth went up as the score reached four digits.

However, the result was undoubtedly inconsistent. After scoring over 1,000 points and not getting any results, the archer came down from the altar thinking about what he had earned.

"Sheesh! What, did you just throw away money?"

"I can't really say that. From the looks of it, your body seems to be fine, are you okay?"

At Amy's words, the archer checked his condition. I saw the swordsmen's legs weakening over and over again, but this time it didn't matter.

"yes? That's right. It doesn't seem to take away even the archer's strength. The space-time of the labyrinth seems to measure only the blow damage."

"That could be a piece of information. What are you going to do? Would you like to try again?"

The archer stared at the orb. Anyway, he made the best of it, so it wasn't too bad. But wasting money beyond this was a no-brainer.

"no. No matter which attribute you use, it won't make much of a difference, and I don't think you'll pass with this. Only magic bullets are worth it."

Amy readily agreed.

"Then, is it the wizard's turn from now on? Shirone, who should do it first? you or me?"

The mercenary wizard smiled and pointed at Amy.

"How about you try it? It's my turn next, so I'm sure there will be a comparison to see who's stronger."

Amy accepted the challenge as if there was nothing to hold back. Come to think of it, she still had feelings to resolve with that woman.

"like. Shirone, then should I go first?"

"yes. Show your skills. go for it!"

Shirone saw that Amy had potential. Her specialty is the fire class, which specializes in offensive magic. In addition, it was a target type that emphasized the power of a single shot.

There are countless types of magic, and fashion changes according to the speed of development, but the fire attribute has always been the strongest in the magic world, ranking first in the power category.

But Amy was cautious. She stood at the altar, calculating which spell she would deploy.

'It's surprisingly difficult. It's too close to use sniper mode. Should I just attack as a target? But then the power will decrease.'

Unlike the freezing system, where absolute zero is the limit, the flame system has no temperature rise limit.

Many wizards are drawn to its infinite possibilities and choose flame, but even high-level wizards find it difficult to overcome the barrier of 1,000 degrees Celsius.

Still, the flames are strong. This is because most things on the planet are under the rule of 1,000 degrees.

Living things, trees, and most metals except iron were bound to be burned by the energy of heat.

However, just as there is no perfect attribute in the world, there were also disadvantages to flame-based magic.

It was lightness.

The total amount of energy is enormous, but the heaviness is poor. So, usually, the air type is grafted to supplement the hitting power, and the representative example was the flame strike.

'However, due to the nature of Flame Strike, its power doubles as the distance increases. In this case, wouldn't it be better to focus on the flames?'

Since the space-time of the labyrinth measures magical power, not impact, it was a good strategy to compete with a pure system that can increase the temperature purely.

Amy thought of a magic that would fit that, and made a decision.

'Fireball.'

Two flames burned above Amy's palms. Originally, it was a sphere, but due to the nature of fire, it formed a form of water droplets rising upward.

If the magic fire was different from real fire, it was, of course, density. In other words, fire mages increase the temperature by adjusting the density of fire. In addition, as the temperature increased, the radius of spread of the flame could also be increased.

Amy only rotated her wrist while holding the flame. Then she flew away with a ball of fire red like lava hanging down her tail.

As soon as the flames hit, the time-space of the labyrinth inhaled the flames. A tremendous whirlpool of fire circulated endlessly inside the orb.

When the score finally came out, people burst into exclamation.

3,270.

It was the best record ever. And looking at the results so far, it seemed difficult to exceed this score.

The archer realized that Shirone and the others were not ordinary students. The electric arrow with the added power of magic bullet was 1,020. However, the fact that the power of Fireball, the basic magic, exceeded three times that, meant that there was a difference from the level of magic.

But Amy frowned. As if there was no beginning with this, the space-time of her labyrinth was fiercely emitting red light.

"what! What the hell?"

I thought it would be okay, but when I failed, the medicine went up and I felt like going crazy.

"Ho-ho-ho! It's like a kid. Is it my turn this time?"

"Wait for a moment! I'll try sniper mode. I'm going to put an end to it today as to how much you're asking for."

Shirone smiled awkwardly and headed towards the altar. Amy, who had an extraordinary fighting spirit, would never come down unless she went and stopped her.

"Calm down for now. If you get angry and lose your concentration, you won't get any more points."

"Oh, really! Shirone, I will definitely do it again. Understand?"

The wizard who climbed the altar turned to Amy and said.

"Coincidentally, they were wizards of the same class, right? I am also a fire magician. I'll try it with a fireball to match your level."

'Heh, that's funny. He said he had the same thoughts as me.'

Amy responded with a snort. In any case, a dropout is always silent, so even replying was annoyed.

=======================================
[141] Labyrinth space-time (5)





The wizard returned with a serious expression. Then, between the palms of both hands, a sphere of fire was born.

Unlike Amy, it was a single sphere, so it would be much easier to increase the density.

'I'm going to concentrate firepower, right? I'm very anxious to win.'

As Amy expected, the wizard was nervous. Of course, since he had never calculated the power of magic numerically, he did not know how many points he would get.

However, no matter how much I thought about it, I wondered if it would be difficult to explode three times as much as an electric arrow.

"Taha!"

The wizard held out both hands vigorously.

Since inertia is ignored in the spirit zone under the wizard's control, no special motion is required to cast the spell.

Even so, taking a firing stance was the mage's struggle to increase his concentration even a little bit.

Amy followed the fireball with her gaze. As the space-time of the labyrinth held fire, a whirlwind of flames raged.

The wizard looked at the orb with eyes full of expectation. But after a while, her face turned into a tear-stain.

The score is 1,330. It was only 310 points higher than Electric Arrow.

It was a huge difference for a swordsman who was purely evaluated for physical ability, but in the realm of magic that applied phenomena, it could be said that there was a difference there.

"Oh, it can't be. Nope! This is because the firepower is distributed. I can pass at least 2,000."

No one responded to the wizard's voice.

The difference was too great for me. No matter what she did, she couldn't get past Amy's shame.

The archer thought it was already too late to pass through this place. The naked girl who scored over 3,000 points must be the highest level here.

In the mercenary world, the sorcerer called divine is also 1,330. However, the fact that she showed more than twice her magic power meant that she was the strongest talent at least at her age.

Lian and Tess were thinking the same thing.

I don't mean to disparage Shirone's skills, but Amy was Shirone's senior at school. As her senior, she had failed, so even if she was a Shirone, she would have a hard time showing more than that, she expected.

Amy was the only one who wasn't thinking that this wasn't the end.

"Shirone, you have to be serious. Maybe it's because it's so narrow that I couldn't cross it."

"okay. I'll try my best."

The leader licked his lips and twisted.

"under! What do you do when you do your best? Results should come out. It's already done. Let's fold up and go back."

Shirone realized something from the leader who gave up without even trying. Space-time of the labyrinth called the eye of an angel. What on earth did she build such an altar for?

But it was time to put aside the fleeting insight for a while. Right now, the priority is to focus on the work of the altar.

Shirone closed her eyes and performed the sequence ceremony. A dot of feeble light was born in the front. Subsequently, an innumerable number of photons rushed into the center and grew in size.

"What, what? photon output? What impact do you have with that?"

The wizard said with an absurd expression. Even so, the reason why I couldn't take my eyes off Shirone was because of the power that couldn't be seen with normal photon output.

The moment Shirone opened his eyes after completing the sequence ceremony, the white sphere the size of a fist vibrated as if it were about to die.

Shirone gritted his teeth and hit the photon cannon. A beam of light that stretched out at sub-light speed struck as if it would shatter the space-time of the labyrinth.

The mercenaries, who were not expecting it at first, were fascinated by the beauty of the flash and trembled as they waited for the score.

4,783.

People's eyes widened when an unexpected number came up.

Wizards and archers, especially those skilled in magic, were astonished. It was because the magic Shirone cast was none other than photon output.

Light has no special firepower. There was only an impulse defined only by the product of velocity and mass.

Still, 4,783 points came out. Compared to his colleagues, it was said that the impact was equivalent to the shock of 20 warriors who chose a strength-enhancing build and struck with all their might.

"Eh, what the hell are those things?"

The mercenaries were starting to get anxious. I didn't know what the principle of Shirone's magic was, but I had to assume that there was no one among my colleagues who could withstand once hit.

But everyone had no time to think of anything else. This is because even though it was hit with tremendous power, the space-time of the maze emitted red light as if it were showing off, and it was judged to be unqualified.

Shirone lost all his strength. How the hell did the beads come from?

Maybe 5,000 points is the last line of passing. However, it seemed that the Photon Cannon could not increase its power more than this.

"I wish I could do it one more time."

As if Amy had waited, she covered her mouth and smiled.

"Ho Ho! Do you understand my feelings? Because I did too. But how many points do you really have to get to pass?"

"I don't know. I think doing it with a laser would be fine."

"Oh, yes! Lasers can accumulate energy."

Shirone's laser causes molecules to vibrate, resulting in greater destructive power over time. In theory, there is nothing that cannot be destroyed, so it was perfect for this evaluation.

"But there is a next turn. I'll have to give it a try once I've done a round. what are you doing? won't you?"

Shirone said to the leader. But he just stood there with a shit-chewed expression on his face.

Seeing the scores soar as the order progressed, I didn't feel like stepping out. As a prosecutor, the only score he could give was around 200 points.

"Sheesh! it's okay. It's already over! I have no choice but to go back."

The leader walked towards the entrance with an urgent gesture. However, no matter how much he turned the doorknob, the iron door did not budge.

When the group looked back in surprise, the man with the white tattoo said.

"You are one. If one person is evaluated, everyone should be evaluated. You cannot go back before that."

After hearing the archer's interpretation, the party finally understood. It was a rule that did not simply unify the will, but actually had to match the actions.

"ah! annoying! Why do you keep asking me to do what I did?"

There was no end to complaints from the leader's mouth. But in order to get out of here, he had no choice but to prove his skills.

'I see. These are really cruel rules.'

Shirone got goosebumps.

How come I didn't know until now? All the rules explained by the man with the white tattoo were premised on one condition.

Trust between colleagues.

When you think about it, it's a really strange evaluation method. This is because, in terms of firepower alone, wizards are much more advantageous than swordsmen.

However, that did not mean that the swordsman was weaker than the wizard. Even if the wizard could break rocks and split the ground, the swordsmen were those who specialized in biological combat who could cut the wizard with a single knife.

In addition, measuring the power of magic was also a problem. If Amy, who specializes in ranged magic, had tried sniper mode, her score would have been much higher. However, this place did not consider such a variable.

A narrow octagonal altar that could not exert any special means, and eight spheres.

'Why eight? Just to balance out the look? But in reality, we only had one sphere as a group of eight, didn't we?'

Strangest of all was the language of God. The space-time of the maze measures the amount of impact and expresses the value as a number.

why the hell What does that mean?

If it is to discriminate those who go to Kergo, isn't it enough to simply indicate pass and fail?

Depending on the long term of the major, the deviation of scores becomes enormous. In such a state, everyone must be evaluated.

The emotion that arose there was one.

'Obsessed with scores. He becomes anxious when his peers score higher than him. If you get a lower score than yourself, you will be ignored. If there is no perfect understanding of each other's roles, discord will inevitably arise. And what awaits at the end of that rule... ... .'

You can send 1 person through the sacrifice of 1 person.

Shirone took a deep breath. What the hell is Miro thinking? This was an evaluation made to kill each other.

"Shirone, let's just leave when that person is finished."

Amy whispered. She must have thought the same thing, but her eyes showed tension.

Lian and Tess were also making serious faces as if something was wrong.

Since they emphasized camaraderie, it was natural to be sensitive to this atmosphere, and since the evaluation was clearly unfavorable to the prosecutor, it would have been quicker to grasp the intention of the rule.

As expected, the leader did not know what to do. He felt that the gaze of his mercenary colleagues was different from before.

"Whoa, whoa, whoaaaaa!"

The leader ran without even having time to catch his breath. He's charging, but in Shirone's eyes, it's as if he's running away from something.

Is the schema opened properly? Where is the location of the sword? What is the distance to the target. As he ran without knowing anything, his steps staggered.

I breathed in a short breath and swung the sword as if falling down, and the sword with poor accuracy hit the side of the sphere and bounced off.

"Kuh! Damn it!"

The leader, who was trying to get out of the altar through the time-space of the maze, hurriedly regained his balance and looked back.

The number 32 floated.

But no one laughed. Their faces hardened as if they had been terribly humiliated.

"What, what! You can't even get through! Is it because you did it? Let's get out!"

The leader left the altar with useless brute force. However, his feet were heading away from his comrades.

'That party is over. If I leave here, it will probably disintegrate.'

Shirone thought it was time to stop at this point. It's a pity that he can't take on the challenge again, but he couldn't add anything more by taking out the mercenaries whose trust was broken.

"there... ... Please translate for me."

Shirone asked the archer. Even when I went, there was one thing I wanted to check.

The archer also readily accepted, perhaps feeling a sense of collapse in the current situation.

"yes. What can I ask you?"

"Has anyone passed through this gate so far?"

The man with the white tattoo nodded resolutely.

"It is a gateway to pass through. It's not a trap."

"How many points must come out of the space-time of the maze to pass?"

"The eight eyes of an angel will judge you."

The man repeated what he had said at the beginning. In the end, everything was decided by the time and space of the maze.

Shirone thought for a moment before asking the last question.

"What percentage of the people who come here pass?"

"I don't know exactly. Sometimes several people come, sometimes one person comes. From what I've seen, it seems to pass about 1 out of 10 times. Most of them had a high pass rate when they came alone."

Shirone was startled. It was a much higher percentage than expected.

At first, I thought there might not be a passer-by. It was because of the assumption that Miro's purpose in designing this place was not simply to evaluate skills.

Of course, that opinion remains unchanged. But the man with the white tattoo said there must be a passerby. That too, at a staggering rate of 10 percent.

The corners of Shirone's lips trembled as he smiled. A shudder ran up his spine.

"Shirone, what's wrong all of a sudden?"

"The headmaster... ... He's a real naughty boy."

"yes? What do you mean all of a sudden?"

Amy asked back questioningly, but Shirone was not in the mood to answer. Alpheas's voice sounded like an hallucination.



- You should be able to get a rough idea of ??what the world Miro lives in is like.



Not roughly, but I knew for sure. He was saying that if you couldn't pass this level of difficulty, you shouldn't try to learn about the maze.

'I'm sorry, Headmaster. But I found out.'

Shirone did not give up. I was sure to pass through this place during the travel period.

Amy guessed as she looked at Shirone who didn't answer.

'You didn't give up, Shirone.'

If so, don't give up either. At first, I was just following to help Shirone, but now I really want to know about a woman named Miro.

=======================================
[142] Labyrinth space-time (6)





"Now, let's get out of here! no complaints? Hey, open this iron door!"

The leader slammed the iron door. His pride was crumpled and he could no longer bear the cold stares of his peers.

"Does everyone agree?"

The man asked, but he didn't really need an interpreter. The mercenaries nodded without a word and headed for the door.

Their hearts were miserable. Coming here was a really bad choice. I was trying to get my share of the loop, but I only lost my loyalty and wasted money.

"Guys. let's get out quickly come here."

The attitude of the mercenaries was different from before. There was a big sense of collapse, but it was good to notice that the children's skills were not average.

However, Shirone and the others were staring at the mercenaries without even taking a step.

The wizard quietly became uneasy. Amy calmly said, "How can my foreboding not be wrong?"

"Don't we want to go out yet?"

The mercenaries' heads turned in unison. All sorts of emotions crossed their eyes, including anger, embarrassment, and fear.

At least the quick-witted wizard swallowed his anger and spoke in a soothing tone.

"Why don't you want to go out? Are you done already? We are too tired to do it anymore."

"That's your case. The ideal of coming here is one. I don't know? It would be difficult if we didn't ask for our opinion and went out on our own."

The wizard was upset, but for now he had no choice but to please Amy.

"okay. I didn't even pay attention to that. So let's go."

"I'm sorry, but that can't be done. We have to go through here and go to Kergo."

"But there is no other way! ah... ... !"

The woman's face turned pale. There was a way.

This is the room of achievement and sacrifice. It was not necessary to prove only achievement.

The man with the white tattoo said quietly.

"To leave or to stay? If you want to prove your skills, go through the labyrinth of time and space. If you want to prove the sacrifice, you can send 4 people as the sacrifice of 4 people."

"yes? What are you talking about?"

As soon as Lian asked, the archer translated. Of course, it was a completely distorted and transformed language.

"Ah, when you're done with your business, I mean go quickly."

Amy said with a smile.

"Oh, is that strange? I've definitely heard this You can send 4 people at the expense of 4 people."

The archer's eyes were filled with shock.

"you... ... Did you know the Aboriginal language?"

"What are you talking about? That's what I heard when I first came. Do you know what fool we are? Can't you remember a word you heard once?"

The archer opened his mouth blankly. Oh, is that so? not really? Isn't it rather strange to remember words you've heard for the first time?

"Anyway, it's a sacrifice of four people. one two three four. There are only four of us."

The blood drained from the mercenaries' faces. That girl really intended to sacrifice someone.

Lian and Tess also felt the same tension as in the real battle. In particular, Tess stomped her feet when cute Amy suddenly changed.

"Shirone, are you really okay? Heeing, Amy is so scared."

"It's fine. You do that on purpose."

"You mean that on purpose? I don't think so."

"Let it go. Amy will take care of it."

The mercenaries looked at each other. If you fight, you will lose. Lian and the warrior are equal, and Tess is stronger than the leader.

In addition, the wizard was overwhelmed in battle, and the existence of an archer was useless in front of Shirone's photon magic.

"Come on. These are the faces you don't want to sacrifice. In any case, you have to do your best."

"Why are you doing this? Is it because of our behavior at the bar?"

Amy tilted her head as if to raise her head.

"Hmm?"

The archer realized that he could not alleviate the situation with a clumsy response. He walked to the place where Shirone and the others were, bowed politely and said.

"sorry! We looked down on you and made a mistake. Forgive me just once. Hey, you guys should come and apologize."

When the archer looked back with his head down, the remaining three reluctantly walked away. However, since it was a life-and-death matter, the attitude of apologizing was polite.

"Sorry! I'm too cheeky. Please forgive."

"I will not do that in the future. I learned a lot from this So can we just make up for the mistakes we made at the bar?"

Amy frowned and said.

"Hmm, I don't know. What the hell did you do to us? Hey, bar? Could it be that you were at that bar? weird. Why didn't I see it?"

The mercenaries' faces turned red. I felt like I was thrown to the ground and trampled on because I couldn't hold back my pride.

This time, even Shirone couldn't help but shudder at Amy's persistence.

'If you make Amy angry, you will end up like that.'

Amy and Tess were the most attacked when they were ridiculed at the bar.

The time when I was subjected to all sorts of insults and shame just because I was a woman. She wasn't the Amy I'd forget, even decades later, until she got her revenge.

However, in a sense, it could be said to be the standard of a magician obsessed with efficiency.

Even if it wasn't necessary to do that, the magician was annoyed at the fact that he couldn't utilize 100% of the advantage given to him.

That is why it is often said that wizards are eccentric. In fact, there are many mages who lack humanity.

However, because of the spirit of pursuing such tenacious efficiency, magic has developed so far and will continue to develop.

'What are you going to do with us? Shit.'

The mercenaries didn't know what to do and just kept their heads down. The sound of grinding teeth seemed to be heard from here.

Only then did Amy get to the point.

"I have a suggestion. If you accept that, I might go out with you."

"which... ... ?"

"I said you need to know the password to get in here, right? What is the password?"

The archer realized. Those kids were thinking of trying again. After going through numerous investigations and verifying sufficient possibilities, he intends to come back here.

"Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzene. This is the password."

"What do you mean?"

"Knock on my door. Then it will open."

Amy turned to the white tattooed man. And he pronounced the ancient language the archer had taught him without making a mistake.

"Keltia, Lo Hoima. Akrasia, Widmia Benzen?"

The natives guarding the exit noticed Amy's intentions and nodded.

The archer was in a bad mood. No, in what sense should I say that I admired it? I was astounded by her sophistication.

"Damn it! Trust some people! Would I lie in this situation?"

"Who said what? There's nothing wrong with being sure. I got it anyway. thanks."

Amy approached her friends with a happy face as if she had never done that. Like her chameleon, Tess stuck her tongue out as her emotions changed color.

"Were you trying to figure out the password? Do you know how nervous I was when I thought we were fighting for real?"

"Huh, if you're going to come back anyway, it's good to know. Anyway, let's go out."

When Shirone's party and the mercenary gang all expressed their intention to leave, the man with the white tattoo pulled the device next to the iron door.

The entrance shook violently, leading the way out.

Just like when they came in, the mercenary gang went up the stairs first.

But the atmosphere itself was different from that time. Everyone hung their heads like defeated soldiers, and no one spoke.

Shirone and the others were also speechless.

I couldn't get into the autonomous district, but that was a matter of planning from now on.

Rather, the thought of the space-time of the maze that I experienced today made my head complicated.

'Construction of the labyrinth. Why did Miro make the contraption? And why did they set up these cruel rules? What's in Kergo? What is the connection between Kergo and Maze in the first place? I would like to know. Maybe the maze... ... .'

While Shirone analyzed the maze, Amy, who followed her, was also immersed in her own thoughts.

'There's not just one way to investigate ruins. Let's devise every possible strategy. Shirone seems to have his own ideas, but he can't rule out a way to explore the underground with the Spirit Zone. Even if you pass, there is a problem with interpretation. When I go outside, I will find someone who can interpret. You can find it among the locals.'

Tess was equally impressed by this place. In particular, being able to quantify and confirm one's armed forces was a significant achievement.

'The impact of a sharp sword can be counted more than that of a blunt weapon. But in the end, I couldn't reach magic. Can the prosecutor get through that door? If possible, to what extent? Shirone's magic is close to 5,000, so I'm guessing it's ten times my blow. Would it be possible for a dad to roughly double the acceptance criteria? Ugh, if you only knew the cut-off, you could set a goal. Since Shirone said he'd come back, I'll have to go and investigate further.'

Lian, who followed last, was also speechless. Wrinkles were forming between her brows, as if she was struggling quite a bit.

'What do you want to go out to eat?'

After walking for about 30 minutes, Shirone and the others arrived at the altar on the ground.

When they knocked on the door from inside, the native opened the door, but the party had no choice but to be nervous due to the inertia learned underground.

When I came out, the fresh air washed my lungs. Even though it was only a few hours' journey, the sun in the sky didn't seem to belong to today.

Shirone's party and the mercenary group split in opposite directions. But it didn't disappear from sight. Shirone and the others wanted to savor the afterglow, and the mercenary group was on the verge of collapse.

Shirone organized her daily routine.

"Now what? It was more successful than expected, so shall we finish today's ruins exploration with this?"

Amy was also in favor.

"OK. I've been working hard for a while and I'm tired. You have to go in early and take measures."

Lian said as if he had discovered something amazing.

"Before that, how about hitting a bowl of noodles? It was delicious there earlier."

Tess' gaze stabbed Lian.

"Do you eat and eat noodles? At least you should get me some buckwheat noodles. That's why it's so simple."

"What is it? What a thoughtful decision I made!"

"Then what do you do? When Bing comes back, it's the same place."

As Lian and Tess were fighting with menus, mercenaries approached. Shirone and the others stopped talking and looked back at them.

There are warriors, wizards, and archers, but the leader has disappeared somewhere and has not been seen.

The mercenaries did not speak readily and exchanged notices. In the end, the wizard was selected as the right person and pushed forward.

But it took a while for her to say something about how awkward this situation was.

"there... ... Would you like to join our mercenary corps?"

"Are you a mercenary?"

"yes. If you know it, there are many good things about being a mercenary. You can earn a lot of money as well as fame. Especially with your skills, you will rise as a star right away. As you can see, the leader withdrew a while ago... ... Oh, of course, it's okay for you to be the new leader. If you give an order, we'll follow it unconditionally, and if others come in, we'll treat them really well. how?"

Shirone stared at the magician's bright eyes. And he said it straight away, as if he hadn't even thought about it.

"I do not like it."

After saying that, he turned around and left, and his friends followed Shirone without any regrets.

"Let's just eat noodles. Was it honestly delicious?"

"no. You're just doing it because you want to fill your stomach first. If you endure a little bit, you can eat something much tastier."

The mercenaries stared blankly at Shirone and the others.

The wizard's face turned into a tear-stain, and a worried sigh leaked out.

"Ahh, my blessed life."





(end of volume 6)

=======================================