
Omega(1)


"Is it a start?"

Electricity flowed through the eyes of Blitz, who was examining the Alpones Mountains from the sky.

Through the interactive network, the thoughts of Mudeungryong Kara Torsa were being conveyed.

'Dragon.'

The language of dragons is binary.

'The smallest unit of information forming a form.' so it is clear

'In human language, red has a spectrum close to infinity... ...

Binary numbers can accurately represent all kinds of red in the universe.

'There is no distortion in our conversation.' The end of infinite retreat.

It was the reason why Balaur could build a huge database to share each other's thoughts.

'But even so, it's just reading information.'

The Ultima system recorded in the Balaur database was not at this level.

'1 digit.'

The Ultima system can accept all signals in this world by itself.

'In a completely dismantled world, what you're facing is probably empty... ...

No information actually exists.

'You have the only thing that can dwell in that desolate void.'

heart [heart].

Where there is nothing, only the mind flows.

'That's what humans are.'

Sooner or later Shirone will find out.

'Only humans can transcend the administrator's authority and strike the outside world.'

This was possible when all minds and all quantum signals were integrated into one.

'The Gaians were like that.'

Conflict between the Ultima System and the Akashic Records.

"It is also something you should see." Blitz's gaze pierced the illusion of the Alpones Mountains and penetrated deep underground.

Shirone, engulfed in the huge light of Karatorsa, stopped thinking and opened her mouth.

"Are you talking about all the information in the world, batteries?"

Shirone's Ultima system accepted Karatorsa's binary numbers without difficulty.

"It is not like academic knowledge defined by humans. Knowledge is, after all, the realm of interpretation. What I want to convey is something that exists by itself. It is knowledge."

Light oppressed Shirone as if it had mass.

"I am Kara Torsa, the guardian of time. There is no phenomenon without time. It can't be hot, it can't melt, it can't freeze."

So it was indifferent.

"Only I can lay out the fleeting signals that make up this world in units of time. And now I will give you the record. The whole world, the beginning and end of time."

A powerful voice permeated.

"Battery, Omega."

Knowledge is contained in the flow of time.

'The history of everything.'

Shirone recalled the day he completed the spine of knowledge in the Great Library of the Ogent family.

'Wizard's way.'

That's when everything started.

And now, the seeker of truth was trying to contain everything in this world.

"I will accept it."

An endless amount of data began to permeate through Shirone's light.

"It will be a long trip."

Literally the beginning of the universe.

Returning to that point, Shirone's ego gradually faded and completely disappeared.

"iced coffee."

everything was pouring in.

In the beginning there was light.

'Heo-eok!'

A flash of light exploded in Shirone's vision, who opened his eyes in an indescribable shock.

'I......

Karatorsa's record is binary information

was infinitely listed, but 'Ankera?'

With her 10 senses that transcended time and space, Shirone absorbed the whole of this world.

'What is it?'

What I felt when I realized that Ankera existed for the first time was the question of cause and effect.

'Did I have a dream?'

Wasn't it possible that he suddenly came into existence?

'Or is this a dream?'

Anke Ra, who had been agonizing over a world without even time, finally came to a conclusion.

"I can not know."

Some kind of world might have actually existed, or it could have been just an illusion without a subject.

"It is all that I perceive."

Mind Program God.

The mind of Ankera, who first perceived the world, spread through quantum signals.

Eight concepts were separated in the unified field, and the universe was formed according to the speed of time.

Numerous planets, including the sun, began to operate according to their own rules by the first power.

'The beginning of the law.'

It is impossible to predict by human thinking, but from this moment on, the cause and effect have already been determined.

According to the causal law, what could be called life in the Goldilocks realm was born.

'cell.'

The simplest organic material has undergone numerous species experiments, repeating evolution and selection.

The environment was still harsh.

"Hey Taeseong."

From the boiling sea, Argones, the father of creatures, slowly rose to land.

"The strongest life form was born."

When Argones, who had uttered such words, did not move, and opened his mouth again, a huge amount of time had passed.

"It's a mutation."

Where Taeseong turned his head, the strongest creature that Shirone knew was flying in the sky.

'Kara Torsa.'

Taeseong said while many dragons, including Mudeungryong, occupied land, sea, and air.

"They are poor children."

Argones agreed.

"Over time, the environment will stabilize. If that species is preserved, the balance of the biological world will be destroyed."

It was a kind of prototype.

"If possible now... ...

As Argones felt alive in his body, Tae-seong looked back with a sad expression.

"I think all lives are precious."

"Is it a personal opinion? It's unusual."

As beings born by the same Ankera, it was strange that their thoughts were so different.

"These are my children. It's all my fault. If I had made a better environment... ...

"The law has no meaning."

Argones stopped talking.

"We are in the infancy of the world. The wavelength generated when it leans to one side will grow out of control as time goes by. I exist for the living world, not for a specific creature."

Shirone realized that the antagonism between Argones and Gaia had begun.

'But... ...

Obviously, even in the era where Shirone lived, dragons existed as apostles of time.

'What happened?' Omega flowed again.

The battery was perfecting as all the events that unified time and space flowed in.

Aaaaaang!

The dragon's roar was transmitted in the language of binary numbers and realized in Shirone's senses.

A meteorite was falling while dozens of broken moons embroidered the sky with fragments.

"why... ...

Caratorosa, pinned to the ground, staggered and raised his head slowly.

"Are you trying to destroy us?"

"Because it is strong."

Argones' voice was cold.

"There are no predictable categories for creatures, but you guys have become too strong. You can consider it an honor."

At first, it was just a strong creature.

However, the tremendous cognitive ability created by the extreme environment continues to regress infinitely... ... .

'The source of the world.'

It has reached the stage of dominating the phenomenon.

"How could that be the reason for extinction?"

"I don't know."

Not even Argones.

"We exist for no reason, and all history is accomplished by a mission that transcends this world."

"Are you talking about the outside world?" Ankera defined everything in this world, but there was one unknown fact.

where do i come from

"Life receives the genes of its ancestors. But Anke is different. When a being is born from nothing, can you imagine the thought of that being? It's just a mission. A mission to fill this world with life."

"What if that mission changes someday?"

Argones tilted his head and answered after another huge delay.

"No matter how the whole changes, that is the whole."

"Then what is the meaning of living things? Only Ankera can dream a new dream. If all creatures reset, what are we doing now?"

"... ... What do you want to say?"

"It is about your authority. If such a situation arises, as the director of all living things, I cannot say that you are not at fault."

Ankera, Gaia, and Argones were born with the mission to manage the world given to each of them.

'My mission... ...

Karatorsa said.

"I will keep it."

Argones raised his head.

"what?"

"Even if Anchera dreams a new dream, I will protect the dreams of all creatures. Become an apostle of time... ...

Cara Torsa raised her huge body and looked down at Argones with many dragons on her back.

"History will not change."

Argones was lost in thought.

'It is a very peculiar creature. mutant? But that would also be nothing more than the cause and effect of the law.'

I wanted to think that there must be a reason for existence.

"I will be watching."

When Argones, who had allowed the dragons to be preserved, turned and walked away, Taeseong appeared.

"what?"

"I'm glad I was able to protect the children."

Taeseong added with a smile.

"honey."

"... ... huh."

As he passed by, leaving a cold answer, Taeseong turned around and said,

"See you often."

It was just such a world.

The era when they thought they were everything without even knowing the true meaning of their mission.

Shirone endlessly accepted Omega.

And at some point, you will feel an event that will shake the foundation of this world with your 10 senses.

"It feels good."

Now, in a stable environment, Argones and Taeseong looked down at the creatures on the ground.

"Yes. It resembles you."

Like humans born from the earth, men had rough skin, but women had smooth skin like wet mud.

All of them had sharp impressions, and the metallic hair that came down to the waist gave a strong feeling.

"Should I call you Gaia?"

At Argones' words, Taeseong turned his head.

"Can you really?"

"The form resembles me, but everything about them comes from you. You better call me Gaia."

Taeseong was happy.

"Our children...

At that moment, Argones' eyes widened and a serious light began to shine.

"what?"

Feeling the same thing, Taeseong looked up at the sky, and Shirone also matched her gaze.

'It's not the sky.'

Countless flashes of light, probably from outside the world, were being shot at the Gaians.

Enter user code - link.

The Gaians who received the signal lifted their heads, and golden electricity shone in their eyes.

"Big!" A man with a frown on his face immediately looked around him with a calm expression.

"Are you here? It's terribly desolate. That won't be much fun."

A woman resembling a wolf approached him, alternately checking her hands.

"We are the first. If the missing link code gets caught anyway, I'll forget everything, but it's a bit uncomfortable. It is usually completed in the fetal state."

The woman made a hazy expression while other users were already losing their memories.

"ah... ... I am coming too." The pupil light was going out.

"Have a good day. See you in the next life." The woman's memory was blocked, and the man also looked up at the sky and waited for the right time.

"... ... It is the beginning of an endless cycle of reincarnations." Argones came.

"What are you guys?"

The moment the man turned his head and smiled, Argones was in pure shock.

U | 99

It seemed that no being in the world could display such complete arrogance.

'The light in those eyes.' Where does that light that looks down on everything in the world come from?

' like??????

He seemed to be saying this.

i am your god





Omega(2)


Zion.

Antarctica, which was hit directly by Uriel's Ragnarok, continued to crack and tear apart.

As the monk's temple collapsed, Arius hurriedly escaped.

"Keong kong! growl!"

Although his eyes were not removed, he had already experienced the presence in the air.

"Heaven's army!"

The monks who guarded Zion immediately took action, but there was nothing they could do.

"The author... ...

A majestic vibration was spreading around Uriel flying through the sky.

'archangel. All in all, now... ...

There was no way to stop the archangel in a situation where most of the executives, including Miro, were away.

"Humans."

As the body of the giant landed on the ground with a thump, the monks each signed their hand.

"Hmm."

Uriel looked around.

As the ice melted due to the extreme heat, steam was rising from all sides.

"Where is the maze?"

Dharma of the Eternal community who joined Shion walked to Uriel representing everyone.

Behind her were Hyega, a disciple of Dharma, and Sky Yugo, who was once an Ivory Tower candidate.

"Dharma."

The ranks of archangels and subjects are far away, but Dharma and Hye of the Eternals community also knew Uriel.

"Are you betraying me?"

"A seeker is one who advances in search of what is right. Those left behind will feel betrayed... ...

Fighting spirit rose from Daruma's body.

"That's why you can't catch a rotten string."

Uriel, who was listening calmly, felt the force of the law tightening from all sides.

At the same time, Dharma held out his fist.

'Pungryu Geumgangwon!'

As the atmosphere compressed, a wind that looked like it had been stamped out of the shape of a fist hit Uriel.

"Now!"

Uriel's body was pushed back several tens of meters with a thud, and all the monks maximized the law.

"Redeemer!"

Angels born from certain concepts have a weakness that makes them vulnerable to the Law of Opposition.

It was for this reason that Ikael ordered to strike Zion first upon arriving on this planet.

"That's ridiculous."

Even the law that sealed the psychic realm was insufficient to block the concept of Uriel.

"No, it always has been."

Adrias Miro.

"Isn't it a race of non-Rus who squeezed out one person's life and endured?"

Each angel has a different opinion, but Miro was the only human that Uriel recognized.

"Destroy it."

Uriel's celestial sword was born outside the elbow and rotated at a terrifying speed.

Hey hey hey hey!

Just hearing the burst of air made the monks' faces pale.

"Chun Bo-ryun."

Hyega held out her one arm when the black disk flew.

'Keumgangseong!'

His body shone transparently, and the air around him turned into diamonds 40 meters thick.

"Gagging!"

The moment Cheon Bo-ryun was thrown into it, Hye-ga's focus shook terribly.

'I can't stand it.'

When the defensive wall was tilted diagonally, Cheonbo-ryun began to climb while scratching the surface.

"Wow!"

I bounced off the Cheonbo-ryun, but after a while, the huge diamond cracked with a squeak.

"this??????

Hye-ga's eyes, looking at the crack running towards her, contained feelings of resignation.

"Hye Ga! Avoid!"

As soon as Dharma's cry ended, Hyega's body, which had turned into diamonds, was shattered into pieces.

"Hye Ga!"

Dharma, bloodshot in his eyes, rushed toward Uriel, frantically extending his fists.

bang! bang! bang! bang! bang!

Just as Uriel was using the Geon of Paradise to knock out the gold fist, Yue Go attacked from the side.

'dump!'

As the incarnation of the crusader in white armor poured out cause and effect at the same time, three swords flew from all sides.

"Tsu......"

Uriel's displeased voice.

Hearing the ominous vibration, Hugo saw a huge judicial halo in his eyes.

'Ragnarok.'

As white electricity wrapped around Uriel's body, thunder broke out.

Whoa!

Even Dharma, who had a strong sense of duty after Hyega's death, stopped walking at this moment.

"Unbelievable... ...

Hugo disappeared without a trace, and the ice continent was evaporating along Uriel's movement.

'Does it make such a difference?' He didn't know about the archangels, but even among the same archangels, they were armed forces on a different level.

'This is Uriel.'

In terms of fighting power, the rumor that he was on par with the archangel Ikael was not an exaggeration.

Dharma asked.

"What do you want?"

"Destruction."

Uriel pointed at the monks.

"Those who betray God will face disaster."

"He is not our god."

"There is only one God."

Armed with extremely simple logic, there would be no way to convince Uriel.

"I will fight."

Behind Dharma, the monks refined their fighting spirit.

"Humans are really strange."

It was a question that arose after Miro blocked the army of Heaven by creating a space-time barrier.

"Are you going to fight a fight you can't win?"

"You don't know... ...

Dharma bent both legs.

"There are no battles in human life that can be won."

Uriel watched as all the monks, including Dharma, rushed forward.

"is it."

The face of Miro, who was blocking the army of Heaven, came to mind.

"Is that why you fight?"

As if to resent something, her face was distorted and shed tears.

"If so."

The monks screamed evil.

"Aaaaaaaaa!" As the judicial halo Ragnarok rotated, Uriel's body moved.

"How pitiful."

The white electricity rising from the ground penetrated the gray clouds in a radius of several tens of kilometers.

"There!"

Miro, riding on Zulu's pet Kydra, pointed at the lightning that sprang up from the center of Antarctica.

"Oh my gosh... ...

Kang Nan's mouth gaped blankly.

I hadn't even entered land yet, but I could clearly see the lightning reversing.

'Looking at the size, it's already over.'

If the army of Heaven had occupied Zion, it would have been suicidal to rush forward like this.

"Miro-san, we changed the strategy... ...

"no!"

Miro cut off Kang Nan's words.

"You will be alive."

Even if not all, if there is a chance that even one survivor exists, I cannot give up.

"I'll speed it up."

As Zulu's pupils were sucked into the abyss, Kaidra groaned.

Kyaaaaaaaaa!

They entered Antarctica in a strong wind, but the continent was already torn to pieces.

'Even if it's an archangel, this kind of power is impossible.'

Miro had a hunch.

"Uriel."

By the time they reached Zion, Zulu's pupils, covered in sweat, went up.

"Mr. Zulu!"

The moment Kang Nan helped the unconscious Zulu, Kaidra disappeared in the air.

"Keugh!"

Kang Nan, who was driven to the ground by the tremendous inertia, applied the brakes while inflating his thigh muscles.

Kang Nan, who had traveled more than 2 kilometers with his butt on the ice, hurriedly twisted his body.

With a click, she stopped moving and watched the spectacle of destruction in Zion.

The bodies of the monks were hung in tatters between the blood-soaked ice.

"Here you are."

"Break! Break it!"

Arius, the sole survivor, was suffering with his chest trampled by Uriel's foot.

"Uriel."

"You must be a woman from heaven."

It was surprising because I was interested in the relationship between Gaold, Miro, and Kang Nan at the time.

"Did you ever make peace?"

"no. It's a temporary alliance."

Maze walked past Kang Nan.

"Humans don't change that easily"

"Kreung! Kreurreung!"

As Arius struggled, baring his ferocious teeth at the appearance of his master, Uriel lifted his leg.

"Kong! Kung!"

Arius immediately turned around and rubbed his cheek against Miro's leg, and she lowered herself.

"I told you to take good care of it. what's this?"

Arius said.

"Run away." Despite the words spoken by humans after a long time, Miro just smiled.

"It is not an opponent that can be defeated." He knew because Arius was the only one who had explored the inside of the labyrinth.

'A crack in my heart.'

Her feelings for Gaold had now crossed the rift and controlled herself through a huge rift.

"It's fine."

Gaold said:

"It's just that the time has come to make a choice."

Approaching Uriel, who was only ten steps away, Miro put his life in order.

Most of the things were easy, but there were toxic questions left.

'A crack in the heart.'

why did it look like

'I thought he hated men like that.'

If there hadn't been a crack in the first place, the heart wouldn't have grown so much.

"Miro, stop."

When I stopped walking at Kang Nan's words, Uriel was standing in front of me before I knew it.

"I'm sorry I can't organize it, could you give me a little more time?"

One of Kangnan's eyebrows went up.

"organize? In this situation... ...

"There is no need for that."

After cutting off his words, Uriel indifferently held up the goon of paradise.

"It will be destroyed anyway."

Once destroyed, neither Hongmi nor her existence are meaningless.

"Sigh. Too bad."

Looking up at the Gon of Paradise filled with life, Miro felt nervous for the first time in his life.

'I just want to organize this.' So why is there a crack

go?

"Quickly dodge, you idiot!"

As the goon of paradise spun while burning the air, Jiangnan screamed fiercely and kicked the ground.

Miro sighed.

"Sigh."

In the end, you have to admit it.

"Yeah, you were right."

Even as death approached, Miro turned toward Gaold.

"you... ...

before the words of the Kang Nan end.

"Gaold."

Miro said with a bright smile.

"I like you, Sasha."

And now.

'hi.'

As he closed his eyes, the top of the maze fell on the crown of his head, and Kang Nan felt like time was slowing down.

'Close.'

The heart that had been shattered by the fall was being regenerated cleanly.

' iced coffee??????

Arius could imagine without seeing.

Such a wonderful birth.

'Erase it.'

For Miro, it was the same pain as the rest of the world.

'I'm sorry, Gaold.'

What a pain.

A feeling so terrible that I couldn't come to my senses even for a moment clawed at my heart.

'Don't forgive me.'

When I suddenly opened my eyes, red bloody tears ran down my cheeks from Miro's eyes.

Around the time when the Gon of Paradise, which had passed while burning the ends of Miro's hair, came back once more.

'Incarnation art.'

Thousands of arms started sprouting from behind Miro's back and grabbed the Gon of Paradise.

"yes?"

When the goon of paradise stopped without even a preliminary motion, the air burst and spread in all directions.

'You said you caught the Gond of Paradise?'

The cracks that had been engraved like incontinence in Miro's heart were erased like wind.

Thousands Arms Guanshi Yin-all-sky projection. Tens of thousands of arms protruded from Miro's side as he turned toward Uriel.

Miro's eyes, which gained perfect vision, flashed, and the palms spread out to the left and right struck Uriel in succession.





rz rz tz rz tz tz tz 3: J


The endless attacks that came through the moment shook Uriel and struck him with one final blow.

"Big!"

Uriel, who bounced off to the side, corrected her posture while scratching the ground.

'Spirit... ...

The asteroid floating above his head could not digest the shock and shook greatly.

"Gagging!"

When Uriel got down on one knee and raised her head, Miro brushed her hand and approached.

"Whoa. Is it because it's been a while?"

Tears of blood that have already dried up on my cheeks

The wrinkled Miro smiled arrogantly.

"I can't get a good zero point."

Time will sort it out anyway.





Omega(3)


Kang Nan's expression was engulfed in shock.

"maze... ... . you... ...

The incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin was looking down at the ground in a size that filled the sky.

"iced coffee. Ahhh."

Tears flowed from Arius' eyes.

'It is undoubtedly perfect.'

The shock he received when he penetrated Miro's mind was still vivid in his mind.

Wasn't he willing to pluck out his eyes and become a dog because of his superlative, sublime and pure nature that transcended human beings?

"Quack-quick. Whoop whoop whoop!" surpassed even that.

"Worship, humans."

Slowly, Arius knelt down and bowed flat to Miro.

"The person standing here right now is the extreme line of humanity."

The moment Arius raises his head and shouts at the uncontrollable emotion.

"Adrias, who was very merciful... ... !

Kung!"

Miro ran at full speed and kicked him in the jaw.

"Oh, a little noisy! I'm annoyed that the zero point isn't right, but it's noisy and buzzing!"

"Ki-ing! Knock!"

While Arius was holding his chin and crying, Kang Nan approached him with a serious expression.

"What happened?"

It was fortunate that Miro's mind had been restored, but on the other hand, he felt bitter.

"As you can see."

Not a single point of trauma could be found on Miro's face as she smiled at Kang Nan.

"it's over."

Gaold was no longer in Miro's mind.

Mind is something that changes in an instant.

However, it was enough to guess what Miro had to endure for the current change.

'Because I can't.'

Kang Nan couldn't do it like a maze.

"I feel comfortable now. I will take care of the world from now on, so just watch."

Many monks died, but no more scars remained in Miro's heart.

"Then shall we continue?"

As Miro rolled up his sleeves and approached, Uriel, who had regained his sanity before he knew it, was there.

"continue? Do you think I started something'?"

The corner of Miro's mouth went up.

'It was definitely an embarrassing attack... ...

It is true that he counterattacked at random just before he was hit by the Geon of Paradise, but I didn't expect that there wouldn't be this much damage.

"Ho Ho! You speak well. I was beaten by my infinite cheap sphere and lost my mind'?"

"Yes it was."

Uriel was calm.

"Aren't humans like that too? If you suddenly yell from behind or see something like a nasty bug." Miro did not give up and fought back.

"Then what are you kneeling for? Did I see it with my own two eyes? He stumbled and then sat down."

"that's??????

Uriel stopped talking.

I didn't have anything to refute, but I wondered why he was talking like this.

"Does not matter. If there's something you want to do, do it. I will destroy you this time."

"You are not normal either."

Miro raised one corner of her mouth and said.

"I know you are ignorant because of Kariel's symmetry, but isn't it a bit like being ignorant of angels?"

"What do you mean?"

"Kariel... ...

Miro, who recalled the archangel of birth, continued with an expression of disgust.

"That guy is really the height of timidity. Mama Boy, the back end is really bad. On the contrary, you are very bold. That's why you can't take out what's inside."

Miro placed her hand on her chest.

"I understand you. Destruction is one of the simplest and most powerful problem-solving abilities. Humans face many problems in their lives. For example, I have a rival. If so, Kariel will seek numerous strategies to surpass him. On the other hand, if you just get rid of it, it's over."

Miro waved her hand from left to right.

"If you kill, the army will come. Then we can get rid of the army. put in jail? get rid of the prison Get rid of your accusers, get rid of kings, get rid of nations... ...

The simplest and most powerful.

"If you get rid of it like that, it's over. There are no more problems to mess with your mind. That is why there is no emotion in your destruction."

"You are making a big mistake. We are not human. I don't think like you guys."

Miro's eyes changed fiercely.

"Then why did Kariel hate Ikael?" "So are you. If Kariel is obsessed with you, on the contrary, you are ignoring me."

"what?"

"Ikael."

Uriel's planetary body, which had been shaken by the attack of the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin, vibrated once again.

'It's nice to be honest.'

Miro continued.

"Perhaps it was a shock. The fact that Ekael, the symbol of supreme wisdom, the mother of all archangels, loved one human being."

McLean Guffin.

"Ankera erased the records, but from then on, you guys have already been eaten. Kariel is obsessed, and you run away."

Miro twirled her fingers.

"Continuing question. Why did Ikael respond with a human? He's going to go crazy because he keeps thinking about it, right?"

"... ... do you know?"

"I don't know. but I can give you a chance

there is."

Miro opened her arms.

"How am I? I am officially single now."

A light came on in Kang Nan's eyes.

'It's like a personality breaker.'

Even before coming to Zion, I thought I would give up the world because of Gaold's worries.

Uriel turned the wheel of paradise.

"Die, Maze."

"Flee again."

At the same time that Uriel disappeared, the ice sheet exploded and exploded.

"Oohhh!"

Thousand-Armed Guanyin's huge palm swung down on the disk-shaped wheel of paradise.

"If you don't dig into it, you won't know. Destroying it is not the answer."

"There is no need to look for answers."

As Uriel's asteroid expanded, information began to accumulate at a tremendous speed.

"Because removing the problem is enough."

As the judicial halo Ragnarok was activated, a white thunderbolt struck Uriel directly.

Miro gave an awkward laugh.

"uh? wait for a sec... ...

At the same time as Uriel ran with the flash of light, a golden bird flew up from under the feet of the labyrinth.

'Posmetry.'

Upon regaining consciousness, Zulu summoned Caydra as soon as the maze moved out of space and time.

"Ride."

Kang Nan pulled the maze and Arius rode it, and the rogue bird flew silently.

"Whoa, how long have you been awake?" Miro sat down with a relieved expression on his face, and Kang Nan crawled and grabbed his collar.

"You crazy woman! Are you provoking your opponent? Do you really have any intention of winning the war?"

"Of course we have to win."

Miro shook Kang Nan's hand and said.

"Archangel is strong. I just tried using the method that worked for Kariel. Do you think you're halfway successful?"

"How do you know that?"

Miro grinned.

"He's interested in me." The truth I realized when I was taken to heaven

was

"Of course, it wouldn't be more than interesting. But you know, sometimes a little crack turned the maze's head to the side.

"Because it grows uncontrollably."

Kang Nan pursed his lips.

"So, have you forgotten about Gaold?"

"Gaold? Who is that?"

Kang Nan gritted his teeth at Miro's playful reply.

"Can I tell you? You're not polar, you're just a scum of humanity and an insane seeker."

Arius intervened.

"It's not like that. In front of a huge spirit, the criminal's feelings are mere secular... ...

"You are shutting up. You said you did something well. Thanks to you, Zion's power was destroyed.

ah."

As Arius shrank, Zulu asked.

"What are we going to do now?"

"Honestly, I don't want to die yet. Because without me, it would be fatal to mankind. In fact, there are parts where I didn't settle with Uriel because of that."

Kang Nan asked.

"You mean you couldn't win?"

"Hmm, it's quite subtle. If you fight ten times, will you win five times and lose five times? However, since there is no next chance in actual combat, I could have died. Of course, when the zero point is set, the story will change."

Miro raised her hand for emphasis.

"Anyway, what determines the outcome is that a lot of things have to come to an end. Right now, we have a bigger problem than defeating a general."

"What problem?"

"Shirone."

Zulu turned her head.

"The armies of Heaven will be looking for you. We can't win the war unless we fight with Shirone on our backs."

Kang Nan understood.

"Then what do we do next?

"You should know where Shirone is. And if you're doing something... ...

It was a mystery that Shirone did not come while the army of Heaven was attacking Zion.

"I have no choice but to buy time." Zulu said.

"I will go to the Central Continent."

With no one objecting, Miro put her chin on her chin and thought.

'Really, where are you and what are you doing?'

Shirone endlessly accepted Omega.

All the things happening in all the time and all the space were piled up in my brain as a single signal.

'Gaia. It's a really great race.' The original Gaians who lost their memories due to the Missing Link prospered endlessly.

Beyond the primitive age, beyond the civilization of the era where Shirone lived, to the most advanced scientific civilization.

However, the development of materials was only a small step compared to the development of the mind that they would reach in the future.

'The senses are expanded.'

Time, space, the spiritual world, the field of unification, and the process of reaching the truth were amazing. And finally.

Omega 133 years.

At 13.3 percent of the signals that make up the world, the Gaians took a new step.

"Yorham, good morning."

"It's a special morning."

Numerous Gaians were entering the huge structure they had created.

There is no class, no superiority or inferiority in life.

What was obtained at the end of the most disgusting antagonism and conflict was complete peace between life and life.

To them, humans were no longer hell.

"Today will be the most significant day in the history of Gaia, our human race!"

Yohrham shouted.

"I fought many times and learned a lot. We have realized everything in the world, and it is time to move on to a better world."

There were people who weren't even present, but there was no one who was offended by Yohrham's words.

"It is an honor to speak here on behalf of the Gaians. This is our future!" Where Yohrham turned and pointed, there was a huge mechanical device the same size as the structure.

"Eternal life program! This is Argo!" Light came in from numerous panels, and the sphere on top of the device descended, ignoring gravity.

After briefly rotating, the sphere steers and stops, and the surface peels away, revealing a huge lens.

"hello. I am Argo, the manager of the reincarnation of Utopia, the Akashic Records. From now on, I function on a mission to safely manage your reincarnation."

The applause of the Gaians resounded.

The Argo, built using Ankera's biological model, would lead them to the world of immortality.

said Yoreham.

"This concludes our mission in this world. Connected, let's continue. All we've come to realize...

"Why?"

At someone's voice, all the Gaians in the structure turned their heads.

objection.

It could have been the first objection in a few hundred years, and it was shocking to them who had achieved an integrated mental system.

"now... ... what... ... Yohrham stared incomprehensibly at the Gaian sitting on a box in the corner reading a book.

'Can we read the book?'

It was a strange thing for a race that had mastered all knowledge to observe the text.

"It is. The endless fear of the car circle. Aren't you too bored to finish with this?"

The Gaian was agitated.

"How can you say that? No, this is impossible. Don't you know too?"

said Yoreham.

"Guffin."

Shirone's consciousness, which had been searching for Omega up to that point, was intensely focused for an instant.

'Is that a Guffin? summer solstice

only... ...

Surely it wasn't expunged?

"Yes. I know. But for that reason, this is definitely possible."

Mackline Guffin closed the book and smiled.

"You all think the same, right? with me." Omega 133 years.

Gaians have achieved an integrated mental system that transcends race, culture, gender, religion, and individuality.





Omega(4)


' I see.'

Shirone met Argo when he fell into Apocalypse due to Valhalla Action's debt.

Also, this was proof that the eternal life program had not been activated in reality.

Of course, in order for Shirone to reach that memory, he had to accept a lot more Omegas.

'The cowardice is not infinite.'

Because I had already realized Gaia's reasoning, I could understand it without experiencing it.

'Even if time is split endlessly, it's because time in the higher dimension eventually flows.'

Suddenly, I remembered the horrible situation of entering World No. 19000 of the labyrinth Andre.

All human beings lost their reason and lived wriggling like worms in a narrow passage.

Perhaps that is the end of humanity that the eternal life program will bring.

'The eternal life program cannot last forever.' That's why Guffin broke the bondage of reincarnation and sought to leap to his higher dimension.

'But Anke Ra doesn't recognize the outside world.'

In the end, the era in which Shirone lived proved that it would hinder Gaia's escape.

'This is the beginning of the war.'

In other words, it was the beginning of a tragedy.

"Hmm."

Yohrham sighed.

"Should it be us?"

There was no answer, but an answer was not a particularly necessary means of communication for Gaia.

"If not us, who?"

Guffin gets up and sits in the audience

looked at

"Let's go, to the end of the world."

The moment he finished speaking, all the Gaians present raised their hands.

"Wow!"

Yohrham shouted loudly as a huge roar shook the walls.

"The Gaians will stretch out to infinity!"

Shirone knows how much Gaia will have to pay for this decision.

'But they are already prepared.'

Why not be afraid.

'Because they are one.'

Age, gender, and inclination are different, but their reasoning was carried out with perfect standards.

It was a qualitatively different unification from the dragons, who could read each other's information.

'The pinnacle of intellect.'

How would it feel if all the people of the world only supported me, and that country, as an individual, would become a whole again?

'It's cool.'

Know what is right, and do it.

Tears flowed from Shirone's eyes as she had to take on so many things to save the world.

'I want to be there too.'

I wanted to burrow into the crowd of Gaians.

'It's too hard. It's too lonely.'

One day, the day will come when the people of the world where Shirone lives will be united as one.

After countless conflicts and repeated objections against objections, the day will come when the answer will be found.

'I have to fight.'

Shirone wiped away tears and groped for Omega.

Numerous personalities were celebrating Gaia's new start in their own way.

"Beyond infinity."

Amid Omega's signal, Guffin's voice penetrated Shirone's mind.

Left alone in Antarctica, where the creatures had disappeared, Uriel pondered Miro's words.

'My destruction has no emotions?'

Since when did he, the strongest archangel in the universe, become swayed by human words?

Even so, the reason I couldn't leave the seat was because what she said was true.

'Archangel Ikael.'

She was the only cause for the archangels of birth and destruction, Kariel and Uriel.

'I don't care who you love.'

The only wonderful thing was that an archangel could love someone.

"What is love?"

Cariel, obsessed with it and thinking countless times, ended up destroying herself.

'Did he realize it anyway?'

Will Uriel's only partner, on the verge of extinction, find the answer he so longed for?

'Uncomfortable.'

Adrias Miro.

Every time I thought of her, an indescribable unpleasant feeling disturbed the asterism.

"Next time I will kill you."

By murder, not destruction.

Having opened the halo of justice, he accumulated a concept of destruction that was on a completely different level than before.

"Is this all right, human?" The moment the white flash hit, Uriel's body penetrated Antarctica.

Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

Its power is such that it can be counted among five fingers throughout planetary history.

was

"Ugh!"

Taeseong rolled his eyes and collapsed before even the sound of his desperate words could leak out.

"Hey Taeseong!"

The four great castles gathered in the Temple of Earth hurriedly ran to her.

"Relax!"

It's the incarnation of the planet anyway, but now I felt uneasy that even that incarnation could disappear.

"Nonsense."

Antarctica was disappearing from the planet seen at the feet of the Temple of Earth.

Amanta said.

"This is just the beginning. If people like that rampage here, it's only a matter of time until we're destroyed."

"Fred... ...

At Taesung's voice, Fried, who was supporting her, hurriedly lowered his head.

"Are you awake?"

"There is no time. At this rate, the planet will stop working. Please take me to the Mid-Continent."

"Middle Continent?"

Minerva raised an eyebrow.

"There is no need for Taeseong to go to the battlefield. The stars in the ivory tower are enough."

"Nope. There is someone I really need to meet."

Fried asked.

"You mean Shirone?"

"Nope."

Taeseong shook his head and said with his eyes tightened.

"Ogent Lian. You must meet him."

Like a meteorite breaking through the atmosphere, a red-hot body flew across the sky.

"The bastards... ...

Son Yu-jeong, second in the order of the Ten Commandments.

"Are you bullying my friend?"

It's normal for a normal creature to already burn, but her temperature was rising endlessly.

"There."

Finding the diabolical Satan was easy.

Even from the top of the sky, the sight of a well-known 200 million Hell's army uniting and advancing was visible.

"It's an intruder!"

Demons wary of the sky flew at her with tridents on fire.

"Hmph, are they monsters?"

Living for more than 10,000 years, I have met the demons of the other world to the point of getting tired of them.

"Yeoui."

As her red club spun rapidly, it began to stretch to great lengths.

"An invincible windmill."

As the club, four kilometers in diameter, spun, the sky turned a deep red.

The length that can be extended exactly matches the range allowed by the user's scale.

"Get out of the way!"

Theoretically, it was close to infinity, and the Yeouibong with no loss of tension swept away the demons.

"what?"

Havitz and the others who entered the cliff of the abyss looked back at the other side of the sky at the same time.

"her."

A huge red sphere, clearly visible from the ground, was approaching sweeping away the demons.

Vulcan's eyes became serious.

'Size doesn't matter.'

No, maybe size matters?

Roughly estimated, it was the physical strength of swinging a four-kilometer club fast enough to cause afterimages.

"I am coming."

When Yu-jeong crashed to the ground with her feet stepping on the demon, she slipped like on an ice sheet.

"Kuaaaaa!"

The brigade commander, whose face had been chapped, dies in agony, and Yu-jeong turns to face the enemies.

As if a heated rock had fallen, the temperature around it rose to a scorching level.

"Whoa."

The demons watched as hot steam spewed out of Yu-jeong's mouth.

"Satan, come out." Vulcan thought.

First, it is clear that he came alone, seeing as he could not read the crowd flag.

Second, it is dangerous nonetheless.

" hurry??????

Yujeong took a deep breath and roared, clenching her fists and baring her teeth.

"I mean come out!"

There was a beastly quality symbolizing violence in his voice that seemed to rip through the air.

As Vulcan frowned and thought about what to do with the oil well, a horse stepped forward.

"Am I Satan?"

said Havits, stroking his mustache.

"it's you?"

Yoo-do also silenced his voice at this moment.

The animal sense of smell smelled the chaos going back to the primeval times.

"Well, okay."

As soon as they turned Yeoui-bong with their fingers, Yu-jeong's body disappeared before their eyes.

'Once you beat it up... ... The moment she approached Havitz and swung her stick aiming at her side.

'what?'

Following a blurry afterimage, a girl whose eyelids had been cut off was caught in Yu-jeong's field of vision.

Natasha, who pushed the woman's stick with the back of her hand, lowered her stance and dug into her arms.

'I blocked it.'

Yujeong was terrifying.

In a situation where most demons couldn't even recognize her movements, only she was making direct eye contact.

'That's right, right?' As the oil well pierced the pole, wrinkles in the air were clearly visible in the slow flow of time.

Natasha, who twisted her upper body to avoid the attack, screamed at Yu-jeong's abdomen.

'What makes it so hard?'

The strength that could not be seen as belonging to a creature was rather shattering.

'Hong, with just this kind of fist... ...

The moment Yu-jeong, who had pushed power into her abdomen, tried to counterattack again by retrieving the bar.

'this!'

With her fist still on Yu-jeong's stomach, Natasha kicked the ground and bent her arm.

As if hitting a nail with a hammer, he hit the elbow with his pelvis, and Yoo-jung's body was pushed away.

'done!'

Natasha, who had disturbed the enemy's balance, flew at the speed of Mach and unleashed a series of attacks.

M | 99

Havitz's army listened to invisible sounds and imagined the battle.

"cadet!"

Natasha's big fist hit Yu-jeong's chin squarely.

Kwak Kwah Kwah Kwah Kwah! They were caught only after Yujeong, who had been dragging the ground for a long time, stared ahead.

'Is it at a level that Natasha can try?'

As Vulcan judged without showing emotion yet, Natasha raised the backs of her hands.

"You are really strong."

Blood flowed profusely down the back of his hand, and broken bones protruded.

Vulcan's expression crumpled.

'The type that is hard to break.'

If you can't destroy it with Natasha's fist, you should consider it almost immune to physical attacks.

Yoo Jeong-do corrected his posture and put the Yeoui-bong on his shoulder.

"Heh, you're pretty fast too."

It's not impossible to find a way, but Balkan didn't want to waste energy ahead of the giant attack.

"What do you want?"

Yujeong, who was caressing her slightly swollen cheek, said while wiping the blood from her lips.

"Free my friend. Mortar Singer. Didn't you guys drag them into hell?"

"Mortasinger?"

Vulcan, uninterested in the underworld, turned to Havitz.

"do not know."

There was no way that Havitz was unaware of Mortasinger, whom Satan had personally taken to Hell.

It was just a means to ridicule Yahweh, so it was just annoying to even recall it.

"yes?"

Yujeong twisted her nose like a monkey and bared her teeth.

"Then let me know."

As the terrifying murder spread, Balkan, who predicted the next moment, hurriedly held out his hand.

"wait. Harvey......

But before that, the purple incarnation of Satan surged from Havitz's body.

'Vanishing.'

When all causal ties to Havitz were cut off, no one recognized him.

Yu-jeong also did not feel a sense of incongruity.

"What are you going to do? quickly bring my friend Before I destroy everyone in here."

Havits got off the horse, drew a longsword, and went behind Yu-jeong's back.

"You are an interesting person."

A cold blade touched the nape of her neck.

"No, aren't you human?" He moved the sword slowly from side to side, but as if the blade was dull, his skin was not cut.

"Aha."

Havitz's eyes curved like a seagull.

"You are connected."

Attack Edea directly.

"Swipe swipe."

And finally, red blood began to flow from Yu-jeong's slender neck.





face to face (1)


"Jal is cut off."

Even while bleeding from her neck, Yoo-jeong was just looking at Balkan.

"I... ... !"

The wind hissed out of the hole in the airway, and no words could be heard.

"What are you saying?"

Vulcan frowned, but even he, being rational, did not doubt this situation.

Harvitz's eyes fell into the abyss.

"If you want to go to hell, let me go." Yu-jeong was still pouring out words according to her feelings, but no sound came out of her moving lips.

and at some point

'what?'

Her sense of the wild caught the sense of incongruity.

'Something's not right.'

Even though the situation was no different from a moment ago, an ominous feeling filled my brain.

'This is obviously... ...

the smell of death.

'I am dying now.' But how?

Enemies were still far away, and there was nothing around them to do for themselves.

"Do you have an egg chin?"

Harvits pushed his face mockingly.

"Anyway, it's a monkey."

"Who is the monkey?"

Yu-jeong, who slowly turned her head, collided with Harvitz head-on.

A golden yellow color was shining in her eyes.

'Gold eyes.'

Hwaan Gold Jeong Fire Eye Gold I Blue.

It was the eyes of truth that could pierce everything in the world, coming down through Son Oh-gong's veins.

Havitz, who met Yu-jeong's eyes, muttered.

"Do you see ghosts?"

"In my body... ...

As Edea's signal was reconnected to Yu-jeong, the head was no longer cut.

"What are you doing!"

As she swung like a whirlwind, she swung the woman's stick, and a red afterimage hit Havitz's temple.

Aaaaaaaaagh!

As the shock wave spread, a powerful storm occurred, and Vulcan suddenly woke up.

"Havitz!"

As the smoke rising from the ground cleared, Yu-jeong grabbed her neck and walked out.

"You're annoying me."

What angered me more than the wounds was that there was no feeling of being touched by the stick.

"Pooh!"

The view completely opened, and I saw Harvits standing hesitantly behind the oil well.

Around him, 12 black traces formed like shadows in a circle.

Vulcan let out a sigh of relief.

'I can't break the hell.'

However, the fact that he recognized Havitz alone made Son Yoo-jung a threat enough.

"You're using a strange spell."

Yoojung, bleeding through her fingers, looked at the army of hell and Havitz in turn.

'Damn the archangel.'

Somehow, I thought that Ikael would obediently send me to Satan.

'I would have come even if I blocked it anyway.'

Harvits sniffed and approached.

"Why resist? Didn't you say you wanted to meet a friend? If you die, you can go to hell."

"huh! Why am I dying? I will beat you up and bring Mortar Singer."

Harvitz raised his index and middle fingers.

"There are two ways." The army of hell was agitated.

'Havitz negotiated... ... ?'

Revealing Satan's disposition meant that the ban on Hwaan was just as threatening.

"Covenant and sin. If you make a contract with Satan, you can go to hell in the state of a living body."

This was the case with Mortasinger.

"And sin is to follow my ways. If you really want it, I will take you to Hell."

Yu-jeong hates difficult stories, but Havitz's words were misleading.

"If you can take me, can I just take you? Do I really need to trust you?"

Vulcan had the same idea.

'I've never been particularly interested in the underside world, but I guess I can't do that anymore.'

It was no longer just a human war.

"What do you think hell is?" Yoojung didn't answer.

"Where the wicked go? A place where all the evil of this world flows into and suffers forever?"

Harvits raised an eyebrow.

"gibberish."

Good and evil are man-made concepts.

"That's not what God wants. all right I don't even care about those things."

Vulcan asked.

"Then what do you want?"

"A perfect world."

Havitz's purple incarnation rose like wildfire.

"This is why God made me."

12 black shadows in the place where Yu-jeong leaps up and takes a step back

It bloomed.

"Shiok."

The world turns gray... ... .

'Time has stopped.'

Twelve priests in black robes rose from the ground and sang a funeral dirge.

"AA AA AA!"

The music was huge enough to make the world cry, but only Yu-jeong could hear it.

"Keugh!"

Her body began to sink slowly as the floor sank like a swamp.

"I will send you to hell." He hit all over the place with Yeoui-bong, but it was an irresistible force in the state of being trapped by Si-ok.

"what's this! It's different!"

I thought that it did not fall under any of the contracts and sins suggested by Havitz.

"So you said."

Havitz said as she walked through the gray landscape.

"You yourself are evil."

Because it spoils God's perfection.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Yoo-jung, who lifted her gold eyes, went over her upper body and sank to the bottom of her chin.

Any branch of Omega.

' This place... ...

Countless years have passed since the Gaians decided to go beyond infinity.

Most of the people who were in harmony at the time died at the end of their lifespan, and the remaining ones are now... ... .

'It's hell.'

There was only Mackline Guffin.

"Oh, it's hot."

In the fiery hell, Guffin sat cross-legged and felt the pain.

"When can I leave?"

A voice from the flame-covered ceiling

heard

"Time left until purification, 664 views 3,943 trillion 30.2 billion 39.24 million 68 hours left."

It was the standard of the photon system.

"Right."

Shirone watched Guffin with a bitter expression.

'Even if all these processes pass, in reality, it's almost like time doesn't pass.'

Unlawful time 0.666 seconds.

'After all, the prison of time... ...

It was a vacuum that was absolutely necessary to keep the world's signals normal.

'It wasn't a law for us from the beginning.'

The world Shirone lives in is realized by combining a quantum signal called mind with a specific signal.

And hell was just a dump of information processing those quantum signals.

'Because there is 0.666 seconds, signals from the outside are transmitted stably, and because there is hell, the mind does not run out of control.'

the world is perfect

'Is he smiling?'

An eerie question crossed Shirone's mind.

'Is the person who created this world feeling happy while watching this hell?

See, I made it.

"That's something you don't know."

Guffin muttered, but Shirone seemed as if he was talking to her.

However, according to Omega's records, it just happened that they had the same idea.

"So I'm going to go see it."

It's going to be a pretty boring time.

"Kiaaa!"

Devils whose heads flew above their noses were climbing the cliffs with their long arms outstretched.

"eat! eat!"

The inhabitants of the Underworld inflict pain-based actions on those who enter Hell.

'Something that has such a nature.' The mind used in reality is Dremo, and the emotion flows into the world behind it and is dissolved in a pure state.

'For recycling of information.'

It was such a system from the beginning.

"Not bad."

As the guffin stood up, sparks dripped from its golden hair.

"I will eat!"

At the same time as the demons fluttered, the light of Yahweh flashed from the body of the guffin.

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

The bodies of the ghosts, engulfed in light, disintegrated into powder, and even the flames were completely extinguished.

Shirone was amazed.

'Infinite Wizard.'

Even before the concept of magic was established, Gaians knew how to dominate the phenomenon.

However, only Guffin reached the realm of Yahweh through eternal reincarnation.

"It has become special." apostasy.

Any phenomenon that breaks the balance of this world can be dragged to hell.

Thinking of his comrades who had already left the world, Guffin willingly surrendered himself to suffering.

"I will lead."

It was the first step of Guffin, who later faced Ankera as the representative of Gaia.

Yoo-jung, who was being dragged to hell, began to struggle, baring her teeth.

"Kia! Kiaaa!" The ferocious monkey's work was buried in Si-ok's funeral song, but surprisingly, the upper half of the body came out again.

"Hoo."

Harbitz's eyes twitched slightly.

'You say you're coming out?'

Once in hell, there is no way to return until the time of purification is over.

Yoo-do knew this fact intuitively, so he fought with all his might.

"Bastard! I will kill you! I know who I am!"

Son Goku's middle granddaughter.

As the golden eyes glowed as if they were about to explode, Yu-jeong's body began to heat up red.

"I am a stone monkey who can overcome even a Buddha if he puts his mind to it!"

Realizing incarnation, she rose to the level of a creature, but in fact, her idea is inorganic.

It was not destroyed by any physical force, and there was no limit to the energy it could emit.

"Kiaaaaaa!"

The objet <Yeoui> inherited from the ancestors stretched out in a horizontal line on the boundary between reality and hell.

'Move! in action!'

As her body burned white, Shi-ok's funeral song resonated even louder.

"A little... ... !"

Suddenly, the ground shook, and Yu-jeong opened her jaw all the way and let out a scream.

"Shut up!"

As Yeoui-bong rotated between the real world and the other side, the ground rocked like a tidal wave.

"What, what?"

The building of the temple was shaken.

Reviewing strategy in the commander's office

Rookie looked up at the ceiling with a surprised expression.

"It's cracking! Avoid!"

Just as Aromi shouted at Iruki, the door opened and a messenger came in.

"Sir General! Urgent Breaking News!"

"What happen?"

It was a situation where they thought they could annihilate the demons within 48 hours.

Whether it was a good thing or a bad thing, the fact that a variable was created made my heart pound.

"The Ministry of Homeland Defense observed the strong earthquake. The epicenter is the cliff of the abyss, the magnitude is 12.4."

"what!"

Iruki hit the table and stood up.

"What do you mean? Abyssal Cliff is an orogeny... ... No, that's not the problem."

You say 12.4 on the scale?

Iruki pictured the situation when a strong earthquake of that magnitude occurred in his mind.

'It's at the level of tearing the ground apart.'

At first I thought geographically, but now I hope it's nature's grumpy.

'Yes, it must be a natural disaster. It's unbelievable that someone with a certain will could exert such power.'

It was an impossible destruction of any of the world powers analyzed by Iruki.

"Sir General."

Iruki, who confirmed Aromi's eyes, came to his senses and bit his lip.

'Yes, that's right.'

It cannot be a natural disaster.

'An ominous feeling that has been stuck in my brain for some time. That's what happened to reality.'

the commander asked.

"Sir, what should we do now?"

"First, the scale of the damage to the abyssal cliff..."

Iruki stopped talking and shook his head.

There was no need to check, it would have already collapsed to the point where the demons could not move.

'Still, I have no choice but to push on.' Having lost the best position to detonate the elemental bomb, Iruki looked around at the world map.

"The second place to run the operation is..."

Pointing somewhere with a baton, the rookie's fingertips were trembling terribly.

"The capital of Tormia, Baska."

It was a large city where more than half of the kingdom's population resided.





face to face (2)


Shura's eyes widened.

"You'd better kill me."

At Nane's Buddhist scriptures that lasted all night, the mountains, rivers, and trees were now trembling.

Even though they were stuck on the outskirts of the shelter made with Gestalt's ability, the sound didn't seem to fade at all.

Kurrrrrrr.

The vibration that came from far away brought Shura back to her senses after a long time.

"yes?"

Seismic waves rushed in at high speed and dug into Shura's location.

As the Gestalt collapsed and the veil of lies dissipated, the mountain ranges stretching all the way to Baska were visible.

"What is going on?"

The fact that she was the one who learned a lot of things in the world by following the Buddha's footsteps.

'It's not a natural occurrence.'

If an earthquake of this magnitude had started along the coast, it would have been normal for a tsunami to hit the continent.

'It is the power of apostasy.' Several figures passed through Shura's head.

'Shirone, Lian, Gaold... ...

However, no matter who thought of it, it was not enough to cause an earthquake of the size that shook the continent.

"The sky is open."

It was only natural that the figures of heaven, which were like hometowns, came to mind first.

'I have to let you know.'

Nane is still busy reciting Buddhist scriptures, but Shura kicked off the ground and ran to him.

The cabin where Amy was sleeping unconscious was filled with Nane's voice.

"Mahavanya... ...

The sounds that came out of Nane's mouth seemed to pile up like matter with mass.

"Tubular materials... ...

At the same time as Nane's voice cut off, a small vibration shook the building.

"Mmm."

It didn't just hang up because it sensed an earthquake.

Amy's eyes, which had been struck by so many realizations but could not wake up, slowly opened as if receiving a signal.

"... ... Are you awake?"

Distraught, she didn't even realize that Nane's voice was a human language.

'Where am I?'

As if they had become arthropods, they could only move their pupils left and right without feeling in their limbs.

'I'm sure...

A series of terrible memories came to mind.

In the process of escaping with his colleagues, he met the division commander, Parkma, and was annihilated.

'Berryk.'

He wasn't such a talented person to die.

'Only I survived.' Amy bit her lip in the face of a situation where her life had been saved thanks to a man's favor.

'What kind of soldier is a kid like me.'

Suddenly, Nane's face came into view.

"it's okay?" Amy stared at him for a moment.

'Who is it?'

Because of all the tattoos on his face, it was an impression that even the one who saw it could not recognize.

But at least the man's eyes resembled someone she knew and missed.

'Shirone.'

The moment I thought about it, all the information flowed in and I came to a conclusion.

"me : yes!"

Looking down at the surprised Amy, Nane smiled benevolently.

"that's right. That is me."

Amy hurriedly raised her upper body.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Soon after, the pain as if my muscles were on fire came over me, and I ended up collapsing on the bed.

"You are like a newborn child. Not only is it painful, but trying to move forcibly can injure your body."

"Why are you here?"

Buddha of the age.

I couldn't look at the person who judged the world as empty and tried to close the universe with a good eye.

Above all, he was an obvious enemy in that he was the opposite of Shirone.

"It's still not feeling well."

Nane, who covered Amy with the blanket, got up and walked to the door.

"I will prepare something to eat. Until then... ...

Nane stopped talking and slowly turned around.

"Sigh. Sigh."

Amy, who had come down from the bed, stared at me, supporting her body shaking in pain.

Amy gritted her teeth and said.

"Answer me. why are you here What have you done to me?"

Nane said with a smile.

"Well, this and that... ...

However, when Amy's expression suddenly turned cold, she immediately corrected her words.

"You have been consumed by fire. It was so powerful that it even burned my consciousness. So I woke up."

"You woke me up?"

Amy also recalls the situation at the time.

I woke up

Having lost her sanity due to Berrik's death, she increased her firepower at the cost of giving up her life.

"How did you wake up?"

It would take a very long time to explain, so Nane turned around and said.

"Get some rest. I will bring you something to eat."

In any case, it seemed true that Nane had helped her, so Amy kept her mouth shut for a while.

But then he opened his eyes and rushed at him.

'Get rid of the Buddha.' If you think about it, didn't all the results come about because of Nane's existence?

Of course, it cannot be denied that he provided a key reason for the separation from Shirone.

As her crimson eyes glowed red, a huge flame aura rose from her hand.

As if all the dirt on his mind had been wiped away, his power was much higher than before.

'I can't help it even if I'm cowardly!'

Amy, whose goal was only to subdue Nane, reached out without hesitation.

"porridge... ...

With a loud sound, a sword was thrust straight into Amy's stomach.

"Sermon. container."

Amy's eyes were filled with electricity as the red-dark sword scattered like an illusion.

"Aaaaaaa!"

When the pain that I couldn't even imagine came over me, my knees hit the floor.

Hearing screams from outside, Shura opened the door violently and shouted.

"me : yes??????!"

Nane turned her head to Amy while she was speechless at the scene unfolding before her eyes.

"Yahweh makes things that don't exist, but Buddha realizes that things exist. If it hurts... ...

"Huh!"

Amy's eyes were still unbent as she raised her head with her arms wrapped around her.

"You can think of it as my pain."

Because I have experienced everything in this world, Nane's voice works as truth.

Shura came.

"When did you wake up?"

"I regained my sanity a little while ago. By the way, it looks like a big earthquake happened."

"It will be the army of heaven. Perhaps the reason I came here is to meet you."

Nane smiled meaningfully.

Even if he swallowed Anchera's dream, his philosophy was different from what the angels pursued.

"They will find us anyway. Even Gestalt's ability can't escape the angels' senses."

Amy overheard their conversation even in pain.

'Heaven's army came?' There was no hope for humanity if they joined in a situation where I was alone.

"Let's wait first."

Amy asked before Nane opened the door and left.

"wait. What are you going to do with me'?"

There was no way that you, who had been hiding in a veil until now, would suddenly save your life for no reason.

'I know.'

The fact that he is Shirone's lover.

"Even if you hold on to me, you won't get what you want. I'd rather die than be taken advantage of." I had no intention of becoming a hostage.

"Sigh. You are really stubborn."

Well, that's why it aroused Nane's interest even among countless sentient beings.

"As for what I plan to do with you... ...

I, who was lost in thought looking up at the ceiling, met Amy's eyes and smiled.

"We have to feed them first."

It was a cabin without a table, so the three of them ate in a circle on the floor.

It was a simple meal made of grass, but to Amy, everything was a necessary nutrient.

"Ugh."

The pain she hadn't felt when she saw Nane continued to torment her.

"It would be best not to overdo it for the time being. When things get back to normal, do whatever you want."

Amy set the tableware down.

"I don't understand. Are you doing this even though you know who I am? What the hell is mine?"

Shura pointed.

"Where is this, to the Buddha! Did you forget we saved your life?"

"Then tell me why you saved it! If you just saved me, then what about those who died from demons until now?"

"that's??????

To be honest, Shura was also suspicious.

"The reason I saved you... ... you opened your mouth

"that's right. It's because I'm Shirone's lover."

"what?"

When I first heard it, I was stunned.

"Shirone and I can be said to be partners in the search. Although the direction is different, the distance to go is the same. I personally respect you. I was curious. Yahweh of fraternity, what kind of person is a woman who is irreplaceable to him."

"You misunderstood. Shirone is a friend she met in her school days. She has nothing to do with philanthropy."

"is that so."

Leaving only a short answer, Nane picked up the bowl again and moved the grains of rice to her mouth.

On the other hand, Amy persistently glared at me without even touching her mouth to eat.

Eventually, Nane gave up the meal and continued.

"If I threaten to kill you, will Shirone yield to me?"

The answer came right away.

"No, never."

"Wrong."

Nane shook her head.

"Shirone will yield. I could give up the whole world to save you."

Amy's eyes widened.

"Is that what saved me after all? If I die, will I not be able to blackmail Shirone?"

"Nope. Rather the opposite. I want to understand Shirone. I want to accept everything from him."

It doesn't matter what happens after that.

"so... ...

If the philosophy of philanthropy remains the same even after understanding fraternity, then it would be a true Buddha.

"Can I love you?"

A grain of rice came out of Shura's mouth.

"Pooh!"

Embarrassed, Amy was as well, and there was a long, awkward silence in the cabin.

"no."

Amy came to her senses and said.

"Do you think that makes sense now? why do you love me What do you know about me?"

"You should know by now. And isn't loving someone a personal freedom?"

Amy remembered Berrik.

"Of course you do, but you don't love me. Shirone loves the one she loves."

"Yes. But everyone is the same. There is nothing in this world that you can love without reason. I bet it is. At first it will be trivial. Then, the feeling grew and grew, and it became a feeling that could not be exchanged for anything.

Without knowing that you were the reason, now you are precious



It has become something." "I am not forcing it. Recover comfortably. I was just being honest with you to ask why I saved you."

Nane left first out of consideration for Amy.

'What's the situation?'

I was chewing rice in a slightly dazed state, but I felt a stinging glare on my forehead.

When I looked up, Shura was looking at me with a displeased expression.

"I feel like I have the whole world. To Yahweh and Buddha, we will also unify the universe."

"what? What did I do?"

He knew that it was Amy who was unfair, but Shura was strangely upset.

"Anyway, it's good to recover quickly. Because when the army of heaven begins its activities, the world will end. When you die, even if you die, shouldn't you see your lover?"

She couldn't nod her head, but Amy was well aware of the fact that recovery was the key, as Shura had said.

Shura, who was more annoyed at the fact that he only glared at her and didn't answer, threw down the tableware and walked to the door.

"You wash the dishes."

The door closed with a bang.





face to face (3)


"There are 65,400 hours remaining until purification."

Nearly an eternity had passed since Guffin fell to Hell.

'It's a really huge time.'

Shirone was distraught.

It's a shame because omega is a thousandth, I would have been crazy if I had experienced Guffin's time the same way.

murmured the Guffin.

"Time flies so fast."

His body was skinny and his face was so haggard that his eyes went hollow.

However, his mind was still intact, and that fact alone gave Shirone goosebumps.

'Actually, it's not like 600 or so times have passed.'

Time is the realm of the senses, and hell is a space where the action of the senses is maximized.

'A powerful sense speeds up the passage of time.'

In other words, the stronger the intensity of the Guffin's pain, the shorter the purification time.

'That is the property of time.'

Shirone recalled the memory of dissolving the momentary time into infinity in the state of invincibility.

The bizarre-shaped signals I saw when I dug deeper past 0.666 seconds of each second.

'Perhaps it is a special signal acting on the relativity of time and senses.'

It was the truth of the time.

'After all, what the creators of this world want is efficiency in data purification, not punishment for evil.'

Shirone's eyes were closed with sadness.

'Is God indifferent?'

With the same question in mind, Guffin arrived at the end of Hell, blocked by a black wall.

If you stare at it, you get the illusion that the darkness on the wall is alive and moving.

"It is the end of space."

It was the beginning of the world of nothingness, expressed as a wall, but in reality there is nothing.

It was also the gateway to reach the end after the emotions of the other side world went through purification.

'Ogent Guy.'

Shirone guessed what kind of ending Lian's eldest brother would meet after he handed over the link to him and disappeared.

'I went to the world of eternal nothingness, but it may not be as terrible as I thought.'

In fact, Jin Seong-eum would be wandering in hell without even getting a chance to purify.

"It's an infinite wall."

When Guffin turned around at the voice he heard from behind, an angel with black wings like a shadow walked by.

After confirming that he was Lucifer, the lord of hell, Gurfin raised his hand and raised the corners of his mouth for the first time in a while.

"Did you come to see me off?"

Perhaps it was because they fought fiercely for more than 600 or so hours, but they didn't feel like strangers anymore.

However, Lucifer ignored Guffin's joke and turned his gaze to the infinite wall.

"Why are you impatient? Now, if you endure for 65,000 hours, you will be purified."

"I don't want to be here even for a moment."

Of course it is.

However, it was not a sound that would come from a guffin who calmly endured 600 or so hours.

Lucifer asked.

"Are you still holding out false hopes?"

After falling into hell, Guffin tried to find a way to return to the real world, but in the end it was impossible.

Unlike passing through Bakji, the subject of purification could not escape the other world.

'Because that's how the world was made.'

Guffin looked back at the infinite wall.

"Hope is a good thing. If you break through the realm of nothingness, you will be able to return to the real world. If that happens, hell will have to strike."

From Lucifer's point of view, it was crazy.

"Why are you so obsessed with reality? Hell has already been destroyed because of you. Would you be able to live a happy enough life here?"

"Yeah, right. spent a lot of time It's going to be a really long time. But just after the award, I mean... ...

Guffin shrugged.

"That eternity of time is no different from an instant." "Isn't that true? Time seems to continue to flow, but when we finally arrive at the end of the future...

When the moment comes when only the past remains.

"All memories are just one feeling contained in zero seconds. How long you live means nothing."

That is why.

"An existence that cannot exceed infinity is an illusion. Me, you, and your brother...

Guffin pointed at Lucifer.

"Ekael too."

Originally, there were nine archangels.

The eight concepts that make up the world, and another concept that is the opposite of those concepts.

Archangel of Chaos, Lucifer.

"Of course Anchera didn't make you. because you weren't born It can be said to be negative energy belonging to non-existent time and non-existent events."

It is called outside the law.

"In the great chain, you and the angel are the number 2 of the law. When the concept of the angels weakens, chaos becomes stronger... ...

said Guffin with a wink.

"But that doesn't mean you can meet Ikael."

Lucifer's nose was crumpled at the words that stabbed him to the point, but when he looked at it, he was the only one who suffered.

"So you're going to gamble over the wall of infinity? If you fail, you are eternal extinction."

"doesn't care."

Guffin's eyes turned serious.

"Even after 600 or so hours pass, what remains is emptiness. If God is really indifferent, that's okay too. It means it doesn't matter if I become a god."

It was the reason why he did not choose reincarnation like other colleagues and remained as his signal.

Guffin walked to the wall.

"Shall we go soon?"

will break infinity

"wait."

At Lucifer's words, Guffin turned his head.

"I don't think it's enough to say goodbye?"

Lucifer got goosebumps at the fact that he could laugh even as he was heading towards eternity.

"Do you really think it could exist? Not a careless god, but a god who loves this world."

"Hmm, actually, it's not that difficult. The concept of God is not like that. But if I'm a god... ...

Guffin looked up at the ceiling and said.

"Wouldn't it be okay to instill hope? Even if it's just a signal."

Lucifer was silent for a long time.

'Messiah.'

If you can really pull it off... ... .

"I will bring you back to reality." At the unexpected words of Lucifer, Guffin

He raised an eyebrow playfully.

"Hoo? It's been a while. How did you hold it in because your mouth was itching all this time?"

"There is no such thing as a method. Purification cannot be prevented in any way. But that's why I can send you away."

Guffin realized.

"No way, you... ...

"yes. In any case, it is necessary to purify it. I will perish in your place. After all, I am the only one in hell who can replace data like you."

"Hmm."

Guffin, who rested his chin on his chin and thought, asked.

"You know what kind of pain it is, right? It will be on a different level than what I was able to handle."

"Instead of... ... There are conditions." Guffin laughed.

"I knew you would."

"If you truly want to give meaning to the ball world, share that meaning with us."

Because it can't end with just a signal.

"I understand how you feel."

Guffin showed a puzzled look.

"You are different from humans. It means there is no link. It's just part of the system that makes up this world."

"Ikael."

Lucifer said firmly.

"Give her meaning. Not just a system, but the meaning of being like you. This is my condition."

"It's Ikael."

All in all, that stubborn archangel.

"I thought you hated it?"

In fact, Ikael, the beginning of the law, and Lucifer, the chaos outside the law, have never met.

As if being and nothing cannot be combined.

But because of that, Lucifer hated and envied Ikael more than anyone else.

I still remember.

At the beginning of the moment, the figure of Archangel Ikael, who was born with a smile in a brilliant explosion.

What was the first feeling you felt then?

'Why am I... ...

Was I born this ugly?

Shirone knew how much Lucifer's resentment was through Omega's early years.

'Yin and Yang.'

The two extremes diverged at the same time as they were born.

Lucifer, who escaped from the flashback, continued to speak, revealing his feelings of collapse.

"I was jealous. Even though I was born in the same place, why am I so ugly?"

It was a matter of concept, not appearance.

"Why do I hate Ikael? Why do I think I am ugly and Ikael is beautiful?"

"So did you realize?"

"maybe."

While fighting the Guffins for more than 600 or so hours, Lucifer's mind also changed.

"Because I can't have it."

Lucifer smiled sadly.

"There is only one thing that can be done. but not anymore If it's empty anyway... ...

If emotions are just signals.

"I want to at least do it with love. Love is better than hate is not it?"

Even though they refer to each other equally, just as Lucifer saw Ikael and felt beautiful.

Shirone doubted his senses.

' love?'

For the word love to come out of the mouth of the lord of hell.

'ah??????

What suddenly came to mind at that moment were the last words of Igor, the commander of the Demon Division.

'It was this.' - It is not that there are no penitent demons at all.

Guffin asked.

"What is hell going to do?"

"Just because I disappear doesn't mean the demon disappears. It's just that the initiative passes to humans. I wonder what kind of hell the world they create will be... ...

Lucifer shrugged.

"For most people like you, this wouldn't be a bad place to be.

ji."

"What if humans fall?"

"Hmph, there is no need to worry about hell for a guy who goes back to reality. A human-made monarch will rule the world anyway. Let's call it Satan for now."

"It's Satan."

Humans, please take care of yourself.

"good. After my purification, you can return to reality. Your Ultima will become stronger with the Lord of Hell's repentance... ...

Lucifer flashed the demon's eyes.

"Anke Ra is strong."

Guffin nodded.

"I know. But not alone. All Gaians will unite and attack."

"Ikael will not help you."

Guffin knew how conservative and proud she was.

Lucifer's fangs sparkled.

"But you must keep your promise."

Since the existence of the universe was at stake, Guffin had no intention of violating it hastily.

"Do your best. Under no circumstances will I ever forsake Ikael."

Lucifer was finally satisfied.

"That's enough." The moment he closed his eyes and smiled at the thought of Ikael, he heard a cold voice.

"Time remaining until purification, 764 years, 1,428 circa 9,984 trillion 129.8 billion 11,763,329 hours left."

It was the price of repentance.

After leaving the infinite wall, the guffin disappeared from sight for about a day.

"... ... How much is left?"

Lucifer asked the sky.

"Time remaining until purification, 764 years, 1,428 circa 9,984 trillion 129.8 billion 11,763,329 hours left."

It didn't even last an hour.

"Cheuk, is that so?"

In hell, time is converted into sensations, and the lord of hell cannot feel pain.

"It's embarrassing."

As Lucifer looked up at the sky, the vision of Ikael was revealed.

" iced coffee??????

As much as the distance between nothing and yu, it must have been a huge love.

"If only I could see you just once."

He reached out his hand toward her in front of him, but nothing was caught.

A beautiful smile appeared on Lucifer's weeping face for the first time in his life.

"Ikael."

The pain of tearing my heart into pieces.

"I love you."

That pain is completely converted into time.

"Aaaaaaa!"

It exploded Lucifer's body into black ash and pushed him into the infinite wall in an instant.

Where only silence reigns.

"... ... Purification is over."

A woman's voice resounds softly

lost.





face to face (4)


The day has passed.

"Aww."

When Amy woke up from bed and moved her body as usual, muscle pain all over her body surged.

'It looks like it fell off a cliff.'

Grabbing my aching back, I limped and looked at the scenery outside the window.

I saw Nane and Shura, who woke up early in the morning, cultivating a small vegetable garden.

'what are you doing?'

The world is heading towards ruin, and the Buddha of the age is plowing the field.

Sensing their gaze, Nane straightened her back and looked around the cabin.

With Nane's smile in her eyes, Amy remembered what he had said yesterday.

'I have to say something that makes sense.'

It was understandable that he wanted to become Shirone's heart in order to understand her.

'Is it love that you want to do?' The moment I asked myself that question, I suddenly realized.

'Why do I love Shirone?'

Maybe, as Nane said, simply giving one's heart is all about love.

"Ah, okay! It's none of my business, is it?"

More worrying than that, was the fact that Shura had heard yesterday that the army of Heaven had arrived.

'Havitz alone is daunting. Iruki will have a hard time. No, not on that level... ...

It will be the worst war ever.

Amy, who had been thinking that far, looked at Nane with a different mind than a moment ago.

His face was full of tattoos, so he was vicious, but his smile was as naive as ever.

'I don't think he's a bad guy.'

I didn't even want to imagine what would have happened if I had been caught by Havitz instead of Nane.

'If he's on Shirone's side... ...

Above all, Nane was the one who swallowed the dream of Ankera ruling the army of Heaven.

Perhaps reading Amy's thoughts, you and I shook our heads with mischievous expressions.

"red!"

When do you say you love me?

'No, no.'

It was dangerous to expect that way, so Amy shook her head.

'I have no choice but to fight.'

It was so hard that the body couldn't even run yet, but magic wasn't done with the body.

When I opened the cabin door and went out, Shura stood up, removing the hood she was wearing on her head.

"If you get lazy. Come quickly and help."

"why me?"

"Those who do not work must not eat. do not know? If you don't want to starve, pick up pebbles."

I wouldn't die if I didn't eat for a day or so, but I didn't want to be childishly stubborn.

"Me too, Homi... ...

you intervened

"Are you feeling well?"

"Do not worry about it. I will pay for the meal."

Nane smiled as Amy pouted and puffed out her cheeks.

"Guests don't have to do the work. Leave it to us here to do what you want to do. If you go into the woods over there, there is a good place to train your mind."

"Because it's okay. And I hope you don't pretend to be friendly. It's because the chicken is growing." I wasn't offended.

"Don't do that and go. You are a soldier, and the world is on the verge of destruction, and if you are leisurely plowing the fields, you will burst into anger. It's not good for your body either."

Recalling the mission, Amy came to her senses.

"Yeah, right. what am i doing here? Whether you feed me or not, I will go to practice." Without even listening to her answer, Shura threw her hoe and lost her temper.

"Aww, annoying! Nothing."

"It's not that the fire world is nothing."

Shura kept her mouth shut.

At one time, Amy might have been just a strong wizard, but now she was a system.

'The pillar of fire at that time.'

I could still see the huge flames that had shot through the sky from the Canian Plateau.

"Sheesh!"

Shura glared at Nane.

"Then don't you need to be even better? One day they will become our enemies."

"Did you tell me? If you do not understand Shirone, you cannot become a true Buddha. The same goes for Shirone. You must have realized the truth of the ball by now."

"Isn't it just because you're pretty?"

"haha! I can't deny it."

Shura's eyes widened.

"What kind of Buddha is that?"

Nane stroked Shura's hair.

"Pretty is pretty. The first quality to deal with the truth is not to turn a blind eye to the facts."

Buddha's words are always right, so I should have accepted them this time too.

'Why am I like this?'

From the moment Nane confessed to Amy, what was the feeling that suppressed his heart?

'Buddha, why am I by your side?'

For the first time, that little fact felt bigger than the world's secrets.

Shura didn't ask until the end, and Nane just plowed the field again with a polite smile.

'Ignite!'

The moment the battery of ignition, the basis of fire magic, was installed, flames soared from Amy's body.

"wow."

Power that is so powerful that it surprises even oneself.

'Is this incarnation art?'

I felt like I had become the flame itself rather than a magician who handled the flame.

"But not quite like this."

You cannot fight Heaven's army unless you have the power of the magic you cast in Kanian Highlands.

"Whoa. Whoa."

I was afraid to take the first step because I had already passed the point of death once... ... .

"Goes."

Amy was a soldier.

'Coffin of cowardice.'

As the focus point dug endlessly toward the cowardice, my consciousness faded away as if my brain had opened.

'I can't give up!'

If he couldn't control the inertia of coercion, he would die like in the Kanian Plateau.

"Big!"

Hong-Eun's eyes flashed 30 times per second, but it was impossible to control, and the flames grew endlessly.

'no! no!'

The moment I realized that the line of control had been severed, the flames burned like oil.

"Sermon. Jin 

As Nane's voice resonated with the world, it subsided as if the flames of the world were suppressing it.

"Huh!"

It was as if someone had been submerged in the water until they were about to drown, and then someone grabbed them by the hair and pulled them out.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

Amy's spirit bounced out into the world.

After gasping for a long time with dilated pupils, she slowly turned her head to the side.

Nane was scratching her eyebrows with a puzzled face.

"It's difficult. I was recommending mental training, not training with the resolution of life or death."

"What does it matter?"

I wanted to argue fiercely, but my voice was quiet because I was helped by his sermon.

Nane walked with her hands behind her back.

"Your incarnation is dangerous. In fact, it is rare for humans to awaken the elements of the natural world as incarnations. Except for Shirone."

Hexa itself was light.

"Of course, Amy is also unusual. Perhaps the spirit of fire resides in the human mind."

'Jack O'Lantern.'

The fire spirit that Shirone gave as a gift from the outskirts of heaven has grown up with Amy.

"You mean it manifested as an incarnation?"

"I have maintained a higher affinity for fire than others. Of course, it is a level that cannot be reached without great training. It's a double-edged sword. If not handled properly, it will injure the drinker."

'Incarnation is not simple.'

From the previous demonstration, I felt that repetitive training does not make you stronger like magic.

'ninth.'

It requires a special realization that can control the mind beyond the mind.

'That's why I can't meditate now. No, am I going to be able to do it?'

Amy herself knew best that she was far from a seeker.

you asked

"May I help you?"

"it's okay. I will study it myself."

If I hadn't heard about yesterday, I didn't want to owe Nane any more.

"Don't make it complicated. It's only natural to help those who are in a state of mind. It has nothing to do with Shirone. And maybe, I'll have a pretty decent birthday."

He was the one closest to being right in this world.

"Know. I still hate it."

Nane let out a dejected laugh.

"You are really stubborn. Then I'll give you a hint. It wasn't very wrong. Of course, there is no such thing as big or small, but enlightenment is like that. fleeting flash. It's a problem that can be solved in an instant with a slight twist."

"All of a sudden?"

"Yes. It's up to you. Just put down your stubbornness for a while."

Amy pouted her lower lip.

"Then shall we try again? Don't worry about anything and fully open your incarnation."

Nane stretched out her right arm.

"The Sermon Wall."

The ocher-colored wall spread out like a fan and blocked out the surrounding scenery like a net.

Amy glared at her suspiciously, and Nane shrugged.

"At least I have to protect my land."

"Hmm, good."

I hadn't heard of the mantra, but I felt something when I was told to completely open up my incarnation.

'I was scared.'

This time I will be in control.

'Coffin of cowardice.'

Red eyes lit up and flames rose again around Amy.

"Huh!"

That's why it's so difficult.

'I know in my head... ...

I thought the heart was lighter than a feather, but fear still lingered.

mind is sucked

"Huh billion!"

Again, the flames grew out of control and hit the ceiling of the defense wall that Nane had made.

'I have to stop here... ...

Then Nane's voice rang in my head.

"Don't stop."

what?

"You are fire. It won't stop until you burn everything. Get bigger. It grows endlessly."

"eternally'?"

A flash of light flashed through Amy's mind.

'I see!'

The only thing that can control fire.

"Yaaaaa!"

Amy broke through the limits of fear and increased her firepower in a trance.

'yes! burn out! Burn everything!'

As if turned into a bomb, Amy's mind was enveloped in the will of fire.

"Huh uh uh uh!"

The moment the will of fire penetrated beyond the speed of cowardice, a huge catharsis rushed in.

"Yes."

Nane smiled.

"Exactly." When Amy came to her senses, all she could see was flames surrounding herself.

"this... ...

It was small, but the flames were aimed in all directions like the thorns of a porcupine.

"The Will of Fire."

Nane said as he set up the capital.

"The true intention of the fire world is to become a fire before it consumes itself. Remember that suppressing fire is a bigger fire."

"sun... ...

Amy, who had been listening to Nane's words in a daze, raised her hands and shouted.

"I did it! I did it!"

controlled the fire.

He had finally reached the level he had longed for since his days at magic school.

"I-I did it! I... ... !"

Nane, who was watching them running around with tears in their eyes, smiled happily.

"You really like magic. Congratulations."

Amy's movements stopped.

"... ... You got help after all."

"You did it. I was once a wizard too, so I know how desperate you are. And just because I said a few words doesn't count as helping."

"When it comes to the words of the Buddha, the story is different. Honestly, if it was someone other than you, I wouldn't have risked my life to follow you."

"If you dig that far... ...

As Nane scratched her head in embarrassment, Amy also felt a little sorry.

'Yes, favors should be received as favors.'

"I really have no selfishness. It is you who risked his life, and if any seekers turn away from sentient beings who have lost their way... ...

"thanks."

Amy said with a smile.

"This time I got help."

Nane, who blinked for a moment at the unexpected reaction, suddenly realized.

'I see.'

It felt like I understood Shirone a little.

After all, humans (1)

Amy and Nane built a campfire.

Fish from the nearby river were being cooked to a golden brown on wooden skewers.

' looks delicious.'

Amy's stomach, which had received a signal from her brain, growled.

"O"

I said with a smile

"Anyway, the meal was modest."

To Amy, who ate high-calorie military food, Nane's diet was clearly poor.

"Speak comfortably. We're the same age."

"I will be two years younger."

If you are a Buddha of the era, you don't have to ask about your talent, but when you hear about your age, your stomach hurts.

"Are you an adult now? I am a real genius."

"It is not a matter of time."

"No, it is a matter of time. The faster you think, the slower time passes."

When Nane uses her brain power to its fullest, time barely passes in a standstill.

"Don't get too excited. Shirone-san's insight is also formidable. His reasoning goes beyond logic."

Amy's expression changed to friendly.

Hearing that Nane acknowledged Shirone, an unknown sense of relief came over me.

"Can we not fight?"

The world is heading towards catastrophe, but I thought that maybe the answer is close.

"Can't you solve it by talking to Shirone? he's a reasonable person I'm sure you can find other answers."

"I know."

It was the same with me.

"But you don't have to. It is because even now, in this world, many Shirones and many nane are arguing."

It was a world full of opinions.

"In the process, many people are suffering. No need to talk. It is time to implement it."

"I do not know."

I understand in my head, but... ... .

"The reason I fight for humanity is because I want to be happy in the end. Neither Shirone nor you can understand why you are trying to shoulder so many things."

"Yes. It is human beings who think so."

"You are human too."

I shut my mouth.

"You said you would love me to get to know Shirone. Actually, I don't even understand that, but I think I know one thing."

Amy opened her mouth with a pitiful expression.

"This person is really lonely too." Nane's eyes flickered.

"No one will ever understand your enlightenment. That's why I'm carrying everything on my back, but... ...

like Shirone.

"At least you can tell that you are fighting a lonely battle. So

You can give up when it's hard, and you can cry when you're sad. You are a human being before you are a Buddha."

That moment.

A single tear ran down Nane's cheek.

'Poor person.'

The reason I'm not surprised to see Nane's tears is because I've already seen Shirone's tears.

These were the tears of Nane, a human being, not a Buddha.

"sorry. this... ...

Just as Nane was about to wipe away her tears, Amy approached and slowly held out her hand.

"I really don't understand."

Her thumb wiped under Nane's eyes.

"It's so different... ...

They're really two different people.

"It looks the same as crying."

The moment he saw Amy's face looking at him with the same eyes as Shirone.

Nane's heart started beating fast.

Gaold came to his senses.

"Where are you?"

A state of lying sprawled in the middle of a dense forest where no human being can be found.

"How much time has passed?"

I asked myself, but I already remembered

The brain that was thrown away didn't answer anything.

"Big!"

The nerves along Gaold's neck quivered as the pain overtook him again.

'Coming again.'

Life was on the rise.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Because alive.

The terrible pain that he had to feel for that reason alone paralyzed his reason.

"Quack! Kuck!"

Even in the midst of shedding bloody tears, laughter leaked out of Gaold's lungs.

"Can I tell you something fun?"

no matter how painful

"I will not die."

It was not the pain of self-reciprocating mutations that made Gaold today, but the patience to endure it.

"Okay."

As the pain showed signs of abating, Gaold crawled into a crawling position and leaned against a tree.

"Haaaaa... ...

The pleasure rushing in at the end of the pain made my vision blurry, and I saw an unknown illusion.

At some point, to reduce the shock, the brain was spurting endorphins far beyond normal.

"Hehehehe."

Filled with pleasure, Gaold let out a foolish laugh and twitched his limbs.

The reason why he left Kang Nan and Zulu and became alone was because he didn't want to show his current appearance.

"It's a maze."

In the landscape flickering like electricity, I saw the vision of Miro crying with a sad face.

"Don't cry."

Because that's what life is all about.

"don't cry."

The memory of Gauld, whose pupils were being released, began to pass over to the other side of oblivion again.

"There it is."

Minerva, carrying Taeseong on a jet, pointed at the disastrous scene unfolding on the ground.

"Oh my gosh... ...

A trail that Gaold committed while losing his memory.

As if a meteorite fell from the sky, creators were formed one after another along 100 kilometers.

Fried, who was riding Amanta's world wheel together, muttered with a tired expression.

"It's the power of a planet. Do you have the skills to endure this?"

Minerva turned her head to Taeseong, whose face was as pale as white paper.

"Be patient. You should be able to catch up soon."

Thing said.

"Gaold was running out of control and time wasted. If you don't cooperate, it's a way to deal with it."

The five major castles of the Ivory Tower, which were going directly to Lian, hurriedly changed their direction at the sudden abrogation.

'I'm going to ignore it, but... ...

The planet was on the verge of being destroyed if the magic of the half-mad Gauld was not stopped.

"It ended there."

After passing through the forest, the river, and the area that was all wasteland, a thick forest unfolded.

"found."

Sing captured Gaold with the law and turned, the rest followed.

"Sigh. Sigh."

When we reached the forest, Gaold was stumbling with all sorts of filth spilling out.

"Damn it."

Contrary to expectations, the apostate wizard who beat Taeseong was nothing more than a piece of meat in the shape of a human.

"You're a complete idiot."

"Kick-kick-kick."

After briefly returning to focus, Gaold burst into laughter when he saw Taeseong and the four other five Daesung.

I didn't miss their prestige, but my mind was already soaked in endorphins.

"Hey, where is the Central Continent?"

No one answered Gaold's questions.

"I have to go to the battlefield, but as you can see, my brain has gone crazy. Where are you going?"

In fact, Gaold was heading towards the Central Continent, but Minerva did not want to reveal it.

"Mykea Gaold, the former president of the Tormia Magic Association."

Despite the title he hadn't heard in a long time, Gaold opened his eyes in a daze and cleared his throat.

"We are the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower. And this person is the apex of the ivory tower and the incarnation of the planet, Taeseong."

Gaold's gaze shifted to the pale Taeseong.

"Nice to meet you."

Taeseong tried to smile even in the midst of hardship, but Gaold's gaze returned indifferently.

"So what?"

Fried grabbed the handle of his sword and took a step, but Minerva stopped him.

"I respect you as a wizard who has reached the state of apostasy. However, if it is already out of control, Taeseong

It is true that it is a threat."

Gaold listened intently.

"Going to the Central Continent must mean that you still have the will to fight. yes i will ask Good and evil, what are you fighting for?"

"Kick."

He wanted to hold back as much as possible, but Gaold couldn't stand the ridicule that erupted from within.

"You are talking bullshit."

With the utmost courtesy, Minerva had no choice but to frown this time.

said Gaold, raising his chin.

"Looking at you, you guys really like beliefs. If you decide on something and follow it, do you guys feel like you're doing something great?"

Amanta turned the world wheel.

"Cover your words and do it."

It was an obvious threat, but instead, Gaold tore his mouth and compressed the air in front of his eyes.

"How am I supposed to live?" Even breathing and living day by day is so hard that I'm dying.

"Good and evil?"

The atmosphere shook terribly as the fist-sized air bullets exerted tremendous pressure.

"What do I know about that!"

Aaaaaaaaagh!

At the same time as the air gun was fired with a roaring sound, four members of the Oh Dae-seong flew away.

"Pooh!"

Freed, who had drawn his sword before he knew it, touched the ground several tens of meters away.

'If it hits, I'll go to the goal.'

A tunnel was extending along the trajectory as if a huge awl had pierced nature.

"crane. crane."

Gaold's eyes widened as he let out a rough breath.

"Aaaaaaa!" Another wave of pain struck his nerves, causing his limbs to shake violently up and down.

"Poor human."

Minerva, wearing Taeseong over her shoulder, returned to her original position and looked at Gaold.

"Don't try. What have you already achieved? The world was saved thanks to you. It means you can rest now. Even the woman you love anyway... ...

Minerva hesitated for a moment.

"I have already forgotten you and become the true polar line."

"The extreme line... ... did it?" I had already thought that would be the case and left, so it wasn't particularly shocking.

But.

"You guys don't know the maze."

Gaold had no intention of stopping.

"Yeah, never know... ...

As the hedonic substances flooded in again, the vision of the weeping maze flickered.

"iced coffee."

Singh covered his nose in displeasure as filth leaked through Gaold's pants.

"Wouldn't it be nice to deal with it here? I think I'm out of my mind. I can't see you as a human anymore."

In a situation where an important battle was ahead, the madman who had reached the state of destruction could not be left behind.

"Human... ... Can't you see?"

Gaold looked at Thing with a bashful smile.

"eat."

The gaze moved to Fried.

"Sleep."

And again to Minerva.

"Cheap."

Gaold, who was shaking his legs at the pleasure that hit his brain, asked with a sneer.

"What do you think is different?" "Answer me, stars of the ivory tower. Do you feel like you're a great person because you're playing on top of the world? Sitting on the toilet, pooping, talking about the universe and good and evil... ... . Uhhhh!"

Minerva's expression crumpled.

'It's crazy.'

Gaold's laughter stopped.

"That is enlightenment. What you think is the farthest from you is inside your stomach. Got it, the world's most expensive pooping machines?"

"decided."

Fried grabbed his sword and moved on.

"I'll take care of it here." As if he had been hoping, Gaold flicked the back of his hand, which was lying weakly on the ground.

"Cheuk, come on."

Although he couldn't expect any fighting power from his drooping figure with his back leaning against a tree.

'... ... Is this Gaold?'

No one in Oh Dae-seong jumped recklessly.

"What are you doing? Are you going to jump?"

Behind Gaold, who was viciously tearing at his mouth, an endless superheated hell spread out.

After all, humans (2)

'It's really amazing.'

Gaold's self-denial made Minerva admire.

'He loves good, and doesn't hesitate to follow the methodology of evil for her sake.'

I would do anything for Miro.

'It must be painful... ...

Even though I know that this world is just a ball.

'The one who saves life from hell to the end.' Gaold, who had everything about good and evil, was extremely human.

"why?"

Minerva asked.

"What are you doing this for?"

Every star in the Ivory Tower knew what kind of life Gautou had lived.

"Miro used you. Even if it wasn't volitional, it destroyed your life/ Gaold's stubbornness to not even respond caused a fire to rise inside Minerva.

"You went all the way to heaven and saved her! You broke me! By defeating the demons in the south and now giving up on love, you made a human named Miro go to extremes!"

"... ... Yes it was."

"You still don't know? You were squeezed by the maze. It was sucked until there was no moisture left and was thrown away!"

"I guess so."

"But why are you holding out? Living is hell you want to end Why don't you give up?"

"In addition??????

Gaold raised his chin slowly.

"Cry again."

Maze cries.

Minerva wondered if Gaold had even spoken to her.

"Please stop! You're a wizard! What you see is an illusion! It's not a real maze! She has already forgotten you, and she has reached the pinnacle of goodness, and she is living well!"

Garold opened his mouth and saliva leaked out.

"You guys... ... About the maze... ... What do you know?"

Thing said.

"Persuasion is useless. I'm stuck in my own world and can't accept reality. What's left, how do you handle it?"

Fred let out a long breath.

'That's the problem.'

It looked like he couldn't even lift a finger, but it was obvious what would happen the moment he entered the radius.

"I will go in first."

It was a strategy to attack by binding Gaold's mind with the magic swordsman's physical ability.

Sing made a sign with both hands.

"I will redeem you with the law.

It could give you 0.01 second more."

Fried nodded and moved on.

"... ... that's enough."

Minerva sucked up her smoking pipe, and Amanta prepared for battle by spinning the world wheel.

Gaold was preoccupied with the vision of the maze, even as the gigantic death penalty weighed on his shoulders.

'why are you crying?'

Why are you crying?

"You did everything you wanted. now i'm a loser It's no use crying like that."

"Goes."

At the same time as Fried threw himself, the law of Thing restrained Gaold's freedom.

Gaold's expression did not change even as the blade flew toward the nape of his neck.

'finished.'

Even while moving at high speed, the certainty of victory flashed through Fried's mind.

'In the end, he's dead.'

It was nothing more and nothing less.

The moment a flash of light cut horizontally through Gaold's neck, there was a sound of metal breaking.

"what?"

Only the handle remained on the sword. 'how?'

It wasn't an object, but it was a famous sword that could never be broken with enough power.

"Keugh!"

When he realized the pain belatedly and examined his hand, it was so tattered that the bones were exposed.

' vibration.'

Shockwaves pierced the skin as the air pressure vibrated the blade.

'That means... ...

That the Law of Thing has already been broken.

When Fried turned his head, there was a black hole in the place where Thing had been.

The atmosphere penetrated the ground.

'Are you still in shock?'

Unless the soil was scooped up, there was no way the ground would be intact even with such a hole.

"Huh."

Taeseong staggered with his eyes closed, and Minerva flew up on a jet.

"away!"

The ground swelled like a balloon, and red light leaked from cracks like a turtle's shell.

'It explodes!'

Aaaaaaaaagh!

With his arms crossed in the shape of an X, Fried's body was blown away by a powerful shockwave.

"Great!"

I tried to release external gravity countless times, but it was not enough to escape the inertia.

'It becomes weak.'

Amanta, who offset the shock by half, grabbed Fried's hind legs and ascended into the sky.

"I was careless. It seems that I had more strength than I thought."

At Amanta's words, Fried shook his head.

'No, that's not it.'

didn't care

It was only that Gaold's apostasy, which he encountered in reality, was strong enough to far exceed his expectations.

When the smoke cleared, a huge crater was created where the forest had disappeared.

" It's fine?"

Minerva came flying in a jet.

"for now. But Thing is worried. How deep have you dug?"

If he was crushed by Gaold's atmospheric pressure and went underground, he would not be alive.

Minerva looked at the depth of the crater's center and muttered with a sorrowful expression.

"It will be 100 meters deep."

"I'm okay."

Then I heard Ting's voice.

When I looked to the side, it was flying with a dislocated shoulder, gasping for breath.

"You said you held out?"

Thing pointed at Freed with his intact arm.

"The armor set of the five gods."

It was the best armor in the world that could produce 60% anti-magic effect.

"The aiming point is off by about 4 meters. But the wind pressure alone dislodged her shoulder. She almost died."

Even though she escaped death, she faced death the moment she burrowed into the ground under the pressure of the atmosphere.

"What a humiliation."

Amanta's eyes narrowed.

"Even though we are apostate wizards, we are the 4 members of the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower. It doesn't make sense to say you can't win."

Minerva agreed.

"To be honest, I am pushed by power. You have to defeat them tactically. Maybe it's more difficult for Taeseong... ...

Taeseong, the incarnation of a star, is immune to magic, but defenseless against the impact of the planet itself.

Fried prepared to jump.

"Be careful though. He ignored me and tried to deal with Thing first. That's what instinct did. master of battle

to be."

Everyone was feeling it with their skin.

"let's go."

As the four of them jumped off, a cylindrical atmospheric pressure dropped from high in the sky one after another.

thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!

"in action! Sense it with the Spirit Zone"

Ordinary wizards could not even react at such a speed, but they were the stars of the ivory tower.

Upon reaching the ground, Minerva puffed up her cheeks and emitted green smoke.

toxic magic.

'I'm weak against air magic, but... ... It was of sufficient quality and quantity to focus Gaold's magic only on defense.

'Even if I take one breath, it's over.' As expected, Gaold wrapped an air shield around it to block the rapidly spreading smoke.

'From here... ...

Amanta halved the density of the air shield, and Thing concentrated the law to create a gap.

"Crush!"

Freed, who had squeezed through the gap, opened fire on Gauld.

"It's over!"

Blood splattered everywhere.

"yes'?"

As a creature, it is normal for the body to be broken, but rather, Fried's fists were torn.

'Air shield?'

The air that covered the garold like skin was sharp like a blade, convection.

'Air shield is not a passive skill. Could it be that the outer shield was released?'

If he removed the outer shield in order to survive immediately, he would have been hit by four people's concentrated fire.

'It's still there.'

The proof was that Minerva's poisonous smoke still couldn't enter.

'But how... ... ?'

An absurd thought passed through his mind, which was still beating Gaold.

"Timeshare?"

A skill that quickly crosses two batteries to maintain two active skills.

"Boo. Woo-woo."

A painful moan escaped Gaold's mouth as he staggered with his eyes closed.

Fried burst into laughter.

"Puhahahaha!"

However, unlike the sound of hearty laughter, his eyes contained sorrowful emotions.

'It's ugly.'

I will try to live though. What does Gauld look like crossing the battery with a brain that has already been damaged by pain and pleasure?

"Wow. Woo woo woo."

The sound he made while straining his concentration reminded me of a frightened fool.

"If you go up to the top of the world

west... ...

Fried vividly remembers the shock and awe he felt when he defeated Buddha.

"Did you even sell your pride, autumn de!"

Fried, who was so angry, poured out violence, not even caring about his fist being broken.

As the durability of the air shield gradually weakened, shocks began to affect the body.

"Uh uh uh uh uh."

Even through the pain of his flesh breaking and his bones cracking, Gaold watched the maze.

sniff sniff

The image of her sitting helplessly, covering her eyes and crying, must have been an illusion, but... ... .

'Why are you doing this to me?'

Gaold's heart was torn in a thousand pieces.

'What am I going to do by crying like that!' There was nothing he could do for her as she had already become her ruin.

'You've done enough! I gave my life and I did everything you asked me to do!'

sniff sniff

'What else can I do here! You've reached the extreme line! I don't have to take care of myself anymore!'

sniff sniff

Freed's eyes were bloodshot.

"die! I mean, just give up!"

The attack was so powerful that it bruised his entire body, but Gaold didn't care.

'What are you saying to me! If you have a conscience, tell me! You gave me my whole life! But why do you keep coming to me and crying and fucking! Why! Why! Why!'

Miro lifted her head and moved her lips slightly to her tear-stained face.

Gaold.

I couldn't hear her voice, but the shape of her lips felt like it was stuck in my brain.

'shut up! I hurt more than you! There is no one sicker than me in this world! What more do you want me to do here!'

Gaold.

'I'm going crazy wanting to die! I don't even have the strength to lift a finger! what the hell am i... ... !'

me, it's so hard

The moment Miro's words stuck, Gaold's pupils constricted, revealing the whites.

"... ... How can I do it?"

The moment the dry voice leaked out, Fried's face turned pale.

' what?'

The world was shaking violently.

"Because I will."

Gaold, grinning at this, released the air shield and charged at Freed.

"I will do anything you want!"

don't cry

"Harm!"

At the same time as Fried shouted, he kicked the ground in the opposite direction with all his might.

"Damn it... ...

But the moment Gaold's air press exploded, he realized it was all in vain.

The feeling of the weight of the air on your shoulders increasing at a tremendous speed is the height of horror.

'Everyone dies.'

Woo woo woo woo!

A low roar pounded the ground, and the four members of Oh Dae-seong sat down and looked around.

"What, what?"

Nothing was destroyed.

'The atmosphere spread rapidly.'

At what was probably the point of impact, Taeseong was gasping for breath with a pale face.

A breeze whipped her skirt.

"I'll save you. Instead of... ...

Gauld, who raised his chin, said with a dry smile on his parched lips.

"Take me to the battlefield." While everyone was silent, Garold looked up at the sky and murmured.

"Are you done now?"

Miro's vision was sticking out its tongue and laughing.

After all, humans (3)

Abyssal Cliffs.

The area where the 12.4 magnitude earthquake swept through was no longer a valley.

As the land swept away by the waves was torn apart, endless cliffs were formed.

"Big!"

At the bottom of the deep cliff, Yu-Jung kicked up the air and jumped.

Her golden eyes gleamed terribly in her eyes covered in black dust.

"Sir... ... Wow! Kuck!"

Air leaked from the cut in the throat.

'Where are you?'

The corpses of demons filled half of the landscape, but Satan was nowhere to be seen.

After shaking off the dust, Yu-jeong pulled out a strand of hair that was shiny like a wild horse.

'Healing line.'

The hair in the air began to vibrate rapidly, emitting golden light.

As the string of light created a new phenomenon, Yu-jeong's throat slowly healed.

"Huh!"

When the hole in her neck disappeared, she was the first to take a deep breath.

"You son of a bitch!"

He opened his eyes and let out a roar.

"Don't hide, come out!"

Meira of swear words spread all over the place, but the corpses of the demons remained silent.

"Sheesh! Did you run away?"

Just as Yu-jeong was about to pursue Satan, swinging her yeoui-bong, footsteps were heard.

"yes?"

As she turned her head indifferently, a tension she did not even know existed appeared on her face.

Tess was looking at the oil well through a 20-meter-wide crack in the ground.

"Are there any survivors?"

She is the daughter of the spy family Elzain, so she is the right person to look at the size of the earthquake and the trend of the demons... ... .

'It's not that woman.'

The person who sent chills down Yu-jeong's spine was Lian, who had just landed next to Tess.

"yes? Are you human?"

Yujeong blinked and stared intently at Lian, who was looking this way.

'Hwaangeumjeong.'

When I saw the truth of the world with penetrating eyes, I was able to realize the true nature of the horror.

'It's the same as me.'

He was the one who realized the idea.

"I am not human."

Lian tilted her head at Yoojung's words.

"Then is it a demon?"

"It's a stone monkey."

Tess turned her head with a puzzled expression.

"What do we do? You seem to be in shock."

"No, it must be true."

She was a woman with such a huge presence that I couldn't help but believe her no matter what she said.

"Did you cause the earthquake?"

Hearing Lian's question, Tess frowned.

"What nonsense... ...

An earthquake of magnitude 12.4.

As the entire cliff in the abyss collapsed, the dynamics of the demons could not be confirmed.

'It's not something humans can do.' Yoojung said.

"yes. did I?" Tess's face went blank, and Lian and Yu-jeong, who were staring at each other, asked at the same time.

"Who are you?"

Static again.

This time, Lian spoke first.

"We have to investigate what happened here. Could you please cooperate?"

"Hmm, cooperate."

Tess' face turned red as Yoo-jeong put her hand in her pants and scratched it.

'What is a real monkey?'

Yoojung said with a smile.

" Nope?"

"Then I have no choice but to ask."

The moment Lian grabbed the Daejikdo, an afterimage of Yujeong appeared in front of him.

'Fast...

Before he could even begin to think, Yeoui-bong rushed into Lian's forehead.

Lian, who avoided the attack by turning his head, aimed at the enemy's waist and brandished a great sword.

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Macha's single sword split the world horizontally.

'I avoided it.'

Lian's gaze turned to the sky.

It didn't feel like she was faster than Natasha, but her reflexes seemed to surpass her.

Yoojung's eyes twinkled.

'You're attacking information.'

Immune to physical force, she realized why she was decapitated by Havitz's sword.

"then... ...

After she pulled out her hair, a Buddhist string phenomenon occurred, resulting in numerous alter egos.

"What is that again?"

Lian gritted his teeth and raised his sword at the sight of him falling, filling the sky.

As a huge flash passed, the field of view opened, and the substance of the oil well crashed through it.

"Kiyiyi!"

The moment Yoojeong swung her Yeouibong vertically, it increased in length and hit Lian's great sword.

"Big!"

What I realized at the moment of the collision was that it weighed several tens of tons, and it was even increasing.

"Is this all?"

At that time, Lian, who had both legs buried in the ground up to the knees, lifted the great straight sword.

'It has no weight.'

Yu-jeong, who reduced Yeoui-bong to the speed of light, landed on the ground and rotated once.

"Lilacing the Ecriture."

When I stretched out my legs wide and held out the yeoui-bong, an afterimage spread out like a shotgun.

Puff puff puff puff!

Dozens of holes burst through Lian's body.

w twist 99

The moment she looked back at Tess with a meaningful smile, Yoo-jung's expression froze.

Even in front of the death of a colleague, it was a moment to feel strange at the calm face.

"Whoa!"

Feeling goosebumps and looking away, Lian, whose body was regenerating, was standing there.

Wood deok! Wood deok!

As the muscle fibers twisted, Lian, who had suddenly transformed into the body of a yaksha, struck down the straight sword vertically.

' I have to stop... ...

Yu-jeong withdrew her pole and tried to defend her head.

'what?'

As if in a dream, time passed slowly and the arms did not rise.

'uh? uh? uh?'

As the world opened from behind Lian, the will to cut was rushing in.

Yoojung screamed evilly.

"Kiyaaaa!"

The Daejikdo strikes the center of Yeouibong, which was barely timed, like a thunderbolt.





"????????


Yu-jeong's pupils shook, and indescribable power rushed into her arms.

jump.

At the time when one thousandth of a second was divided again into a thousand, I could see Yeouui Peak splitting.

' iced coffee.'

A strikingly beautiful blow.

'If it fits over there... ...

Just when I felt my hamstrings tingle, Daejikdo stopped in front of my forehead.

"Why not avoid it?"

"yes?"

She, who had opened her lips like a monkey, came to her senses and stepped back.

"Oops."

He was so absorbed that he forgot that Lian's sword could destroy him.

"It's embarrassing."

Yu-jeong, who bent her waist awkwardly, continued to rub her thighs back and forth.

After roughly finishing the arrangement, she threw away the half of Yeoui-bong, which had been split in two, and aimed at Lian.

"what is your name?"

"Ogent Lian. you?"

"I am Son Yoo-jung."

It seemed like the name of the Jincheon Empire, but there was no way that such a strong person would not be known.

"Where are you from?"

Yoojung pointed to the sky.

"Heaven. I like you in particular, so I'll tell you. Heaven's army descends... ...

A huge voice exploded from the sky.

"Son Yu-jeong!"

Raising his head at the voice that pierced his heart, the archangel Ikael frowned.

Yujeong raised her head and bared her fangs.

"Sheesh, why did that lady come? I'm trying to play properly from now on."

"Son Yu-jeong. Indulgence is understandable, but breaking the laws of the Heavenly Way is unacceptable."

"What if I can't accept it?" As Ikael's eyes widened, Yoo-jung's body began to harden like a stone.

"Great!"

"Even if you are not a Buddha, there are many ways to redeem your freedom. If you go against my wishes one more time, then I will disqualify you as a creature."

Yujeong's eyes turned to Lian.

"It's embarrassing... ... !"

Get stuck here?

"That's how it happened."

Lian looked up at Ikael and asked.

"If Heaven's army has infiltrated, does that mean that Ymir is also here?"

At that moment, the restraint of Yujeong was released.

"Kiyi! sure just... ...

Her body was hot and she was about to soar into the sky, but Ikael opened her mouth.

"Are you Lian?"

"yes?"

Yu-jeong let go of her murderous intention and asked.

"You know this guy?"

Ikael remembered the blue-haired boy who had blocked Ymir's alter ego with physical bullets.

'It's been a big deal.'

At the time, they were mere humans, but now they were the first priority of the heavenly army.

'I'd like to deal with it now if possible, but... ...

Making hasty judgments before finding Buddha would have a negative impact on the future.

"Wait, Lian. Ymir will find you even if you are not in a hurry."

Yoojung's head turned around.

"Ymir? Are you going to fight him?" There was no answer, but it was a fact that could be known just by looking at Lian's eyes burning with fighting spirit.

"Oh my."

With a meaningful smile on her face, Yu-jeong flew up into the sky and stood next to Ikael.

"Let's fight again next time, funny man."

"Those... ... !"

Tess stepped forward and tried to shout, but Lian raised her arm to stop her.

"Let's send it for now."

Ikael's wings flashed, and at the moment of the flash, his body stretched out at a terrifying speed.

Lian, who was watching the long clouds created by the oil well, turned to Tess.

"It's fine? Where are you hurt?"

"At least the shrimp didn't burst in the whale fight. Anyway, let's go back and see."

"yes. In this amount of time, the temple would have already figured it out. All that remains is an all-out war."

Ymir is coming.

"Are you okay? Hell's Army

do... ...

Tess stopped talking when she saw Lian, who was trembling with a flushed face.

'Well, since I've been chasing after his afterimages until now.'

Because she was also a prosecutor, she could understand Lian's complicated feelings.

"No need to worry. You are the best swordsman in the world. Even the king of giants is no match."

Lian smiled eerily.

"come."

For the first time, it felt like time was passing slowly.

"How was it?"

Ikael, who hadn't spoken a word since leaving the abyssal cliff, asked Yoo-jeong.

"yes? what?"

"A person named Lian. I bet you, crazy about fighting, don't have any thoughts."

Yoojung showed off her bright colors.

"Of course it was awesome! It's been a while since I've been there! Oh, I want to fight again. If it's that person, I don't think I'll get tired of fighting for 100 days."

That wasn't what Ikael wanted to hear.

"Of course it is. Because they are descendants of Ogent."

"yes? Ogent?"

Yu-jeong, who had been searching for memories for a while, suddenly raised her eyes and shouted.

"what! Ogent!"

The one who stood up against Ymir with a human body.

"right! Come to think of it, he said it was Ogent Lian! ah, that's right Whoa, a descendant of Ogent?"

Yoo-jeong is proud of her bloodline, but there was a feeling that Ogent was slightly pushed aside.

"So I am asking. You too have competed with Ymir. What if the two fight?"

If Lian had surpassed the power of his ancestors, Ymir could be in danger as well.

"Is it really Ogent? Wow, check out that legend. what a waste! Ikael, who would have at least heard of Ogent's exploits if he knew sooner, frowned.

"Son Yu-jeong!"

"yes? uh, why'?"

"Aren't I asking, which side has a better chance of winning if Lian and Ymir collide now?"

Yoojung blinked her eyes.

"What are you talking about? Of course, I heard that a person named Ogent was the strongest in the history of Heaven... ...

As she judged Lian and Ymir, she laughed and raised her index finger.

"Of course, Ymir is no match. It will probably turn to dust in 3 seconds. Oh, if it's the main body, of course."

"... ... is it."

She felt old because she had a history of humiliation from Ogent, but there seemed to be no need to worry.

"In addition, I am the only person in the universe who can defeat Ymir. Of course, right now I'm not willing to stay still, but if I want to... ...

In spite of the endless chatter of Yujeong, Ikael only urged his way.

Eventually human (4)

Vulcan gritted his teeth and muttered.

"This is a bit embarrassing."

Currently, the armies of Hell were stationed in the mountains 60 kilometers from the cliffs of the Abyss.

'I never thought it would be that powerful.'

As Harvitz argued, it was not as strong as the universe to tear the veil of the universe apart.

'The definition of apostasy is the transcendence of the system.' In the end, abortion in terms of human standards only meant that they had crossed the limits of the biological world.

'But that woman is different.'

The power that destroyed the abyssal cliff was approaching the natural system beyond the biological system.

'It won't be possible from the beginning. That kind of power didn't come out when dealing with Natasha.'

what mechanism is it?

'Gwangwang banjo. anger. special law... ... While I was analyzing the mechanism of Son Yu-jeong, there was a commotion on the side where Havitz was.

"your majesty! Calm down!" Havitz, who was kneeling on the ground, was smiling eerily as he strained his ten fingers.

"dare... ... Destroy Shiok?"

Every time the purple smoke rising from his body shook like a haze, the demons suffered.

"Big!"

kind of chaos.

If they were all united, they would become the incarnation of Satan, but they were in a state of rage to the point where they couldn't keep their form.

'It's the first time Havitz makes such a face. why? Is prison really that important?'

Only Havitz knew exactly which of the 12 apostles stayed at 0.666 seconds.

"Fix it, Satan."

The woman said as she passed in front of Vulcan.

He was less than 150 cm tall, with pitch-black hair and a pale face.

The pupils in his unusually large eyes gave off a sense of madness, even though he couldn't find anything special.

"Paimon."

Paimon, commander of the 9th corps, is the cause of a hospital in the demon world.

Originally, he served as a soldier in the army of hell, but now he was deprived of his position as general commander by the Balkans.

'Am I still jealous?'

The reason Havitz started talking even though he was far away was because he was conscious of Balkan.

'I can't help it this time, but.'

If it wasn't for Paimon's ability, the scale of the damage caused by the earthquake would have been much greater.

Raising the corner of her mouth towards the Balkan, she spread her fingers like a flower bud opening.





"Eating out ban (BAN)."


It was the ability to isolate a specific space and then absorb the motility of those trapped there.

'Definitely convenient for strategists.' Except for being brutal.

'By isolating 6 million of the demon army, I moved the remaining troops 60 kilometers at the same time.'

It was she who had previously minimized the infection of Minerva's magical walking dead.

"I can tell what you want to say just by looking at your expression. However, it is a theory created by humans, and it is an ability."

Paimon's smile was convex.

"Yeah, right. I mean, a small hair on a weak subject is awesome. Eating out is quite fun."

Only insane humans can become law eaters, but it didn't really matter to the demons.

It was outside the rules in that he had already given up 6 million allies without hesitation.

Paimon waved his hand.

"Because being interested in humans is also the play of demons. Anyway, I'm watching you, Commander-in-Chief who failed."

As she moved away from Havitz, Natasha sneaked up to her and asked Vulcan.

"Shall I kill you?"

"no. Let's watch it for a moment. It seems that Satan's influence is stronger than Havitz's now."

Paimon whispered something to Havitz, who was constantly muttering.





"......r


Havitz blinked and turned around, and Paimon smiled as cool as a blade.

"It will be a lot of fun."

"Quack."

As Habitz's chaotic period merged into one, a gigantic incarnation of Satan rose up.

"Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!"

"What did you hear that made you do that?"

Natasha, who was watching from afar, asked, but Vulcan put her chin on her head and was lost in thought, but did not answer.

'Of course I... ... He's not a nice guy.' He was the one who killed hundreds of millions of people with the idea of ??winning the rare game of World War II.

'I've done all the bad things a human can do.'

How boring Harvits must have been to realize Link while only looking at the pupils of a dying corpse.

"But Havitz dies of excitement'?"

When Natya turned her head, Vulcan's temples were sweaty.

"I'm really a bad guy... ... Why?

"This time, the creativity of the demons is on fire."

"Knock-knock! Knock-knock!"

Paimon, who smiled with his eyes lifted and his mouth covered, was looking sideways at Balkan.

? ? ?

Iruki jumped up and shouted.

"Let's think one more time!"

The commanders turned around with surprised expressions, and Aromi hurriedly approached him.

"Sir General?"

Iruki's eyes widened.

"ah."

The thoughts that kept swirling around in my head came out of my mouth without realizing it.

'Great stress.'

It was understandable from the heart, but it was a problem in a different sense that the commander-in-chief's inner thoughts were revealed.

"sorry."

Iruki confessed meekly.

"Baska is an overcrowded area. If an elemental bomb explodes there... ...

I didn't even want to imagine it.

"Baska is the capital of Tormia. It is also the place where the commander-in-chief's Mercody family resides."

"that's??????

The commander cut off his words.

"I know, that I am not conflicted over that reason. The same goes for us. What I want to say is, in the end, it's something the commander-in-chief has to choose."

'I have to choose.'

It was a situation where the lives of everyone living in Baska could be decided at one stroke.

'What would my father do?'

If it was a mercodian albino, would it have given up the citizens of the capital city to maintain humanity?

'It can't be.'

He would have found a solution in any situation.

'Of course he couldn't find it.'

What I realized in the contradiction is that even this kind of thought is a useless delusion after all.

'This is a situation that only I have experienced throughout human history. I don't even have anything to compare to.'

That's why the commanders handed over their full authority.

'No, there is.'

Shirone.

A philanthropic Yahweh would have been able to understand the situation and feelings of Iruki.

'Is it? Shirone.'

Iruki's eyes turned red.

'Have you been fighting with such nonsense on your shoulders?'

The commanders called out with concern as they showed their emotions.

"Sir General."

Iruki raised his head without wiping away the tears.

"Leave me alone."

He had a resigned smile.

"Before you become a rare murderer, can you be possessed with at least the tears of a hypocrite?"

Aromi's face turned into a tear-stain.

'I can't do this.'

It was her job to keep the general's reason calm, but to be honest, this was too much.

"Sir, if it's that hard... ...

"no."

Iruki gave the order.

"There is no reverse strategy. I will attract the demons to Basuka."

I'm sorry, Shirone.

'This is the only thing I can choose.'

Because Shirone wouldn't be able to.

"Please call the president of Tormia's Magic Association. Oh, and the manager of 'Rope' too."

Tormia's top-secret encryption system, Rope.

"Lupist... ... And are you talking about Dante?"

"Yes."

Iruki's tears were already dry.

"In the name of the Valkyrie General Commander, I approve the opening of the flower project 'Flower Garden'."

dark night.

When Amy, who had been working hard on training alone, entered the cabin, Shura was waiting for her.

"You go around very well and have a blast. Do you think your body is fully recovered now?"

"so so. What about me?"

"Why do you care about that?"

Nane was kind, but Shura revealed her harsh personality as time passed.

I guessed why, but I wasn't sure, and I didn't want to think about it.

"I am leaving tomorrow morning." Shura's eyes widened slightly.

"I thought it would be good to say goodbye in advance. because it helped me a lot Where are you now?"

"... ... In the garden behind the vegetable garden." Amy turned around and walked to her door.

"yes. Thank you for all this time too." Shura stopped her.

"Why are you fighting?"

"what does it mean?"

"Now you know. Buddha is right. Why are you so obsessed with a world where balls are everything?"

Amy looked at the door and opened her mouth.

"A man who loved me died in terrible agony. to save me."

Corporal Berrick.

"Isn't it the end when you die? It's love, and you'll never see me again. But that person chose death. When I asked him why he did that, he said what Ram said... ...

Amy turned her head.

"He said he wanted to be an incredibly cool guy."

Looking at the sad smile on her face, Shura kept her mouth shut.

"Human beings will die one day. But just because the ending is the same doesn't mean the process is the same. He's dead, but he's still alive in my heart."

"I'm alive... ... Shura recalled the will of Veron, the head of the Tenro Society.

- Live.

"So you fight. After all, even if it's a ball, even if this universe disappears... ...

Amy opened the door.

"Because my last one will be more beautiful than yours."

The sound of the door closing wasn't loud, but it sounded like thunder to Shura's ears.

After leaving the cabin, Amy climbed the hill along a well-known mountain path.

Nane was sitting with grass in her mouth.

"... ... Was it that uncomfortable being with me?"

seemed to already know.

"Thank you for your kindness. But my body has recovered, and I have a lot to do."

"I know you will be busy." Nane pointed to the other side of the landscape.

"See? A little while ago, the energy of evil was born with the greatest scale ever."

Amy turned her head.

"Can't you see?"

"I can see the hell that is about to unfold in this world. It won't be at a level that a human being can endure. It will be more painful than dying."

Nane turned her head.

"I have to finish."

Amy couldn't refute it because she knew she wasn't someone to be fooled with lies.

"I've been thinking about it for days."

Amy sat down next to Nane.

"You said you would love me. How do you think you can still love me?"

"I admit it. It's easier said than done. But I realized a lot."

A true Buddha is not an extreme.

"No matter where you go, you are human after all. Therefore, it returns to being human and transcends everything."

Nane's heart beat faster as he looked at Amy.

"The me at the beginning and the me now are different. I can understand now. I sincerely... ...

"What if I go to you?"

Nane's mouth was closed.

"If I love you, not Shirone, can I fight to protect this world?" If that makes the world happy, if war disappears and everyone can survive... ... .

'Amy's love.'

Nane's thoughts raced at breakneck speed.

'You'll be happy. okay. If you stay by my side, I will want to protect this world too.'

Time barely passed.

'iced coffee.'

Even when I was digging into the truth of the universe, I didn't seem to be caught up in so many anguish.

'Shirone.'

For the first time, I was envious of Shirone, who was able to include Amy in her life.

"I am... ...

Nane, whose face was distorted, opened her mouth.

"I am committed to the salvation of sentient beings. I love you, but I cannot turn away from those who suffer."

"yes."

Amy smiled sympathetically.

I felt like I could see why Shirone left the person she loved and Nane couldn't come to a compromise.

that much belief.

'But now I am too.'

Amy asked for a handshake.

"take care. Thank you. It's a little strange to say this, but... ... I hope you get it done."

"haha."

Nana smiled and held hands.

"Yes. You. I would like to see it come through."

In the end, there will only be one winner.

God's brain (1)

Omega 187 years.

Returning from Hell in the Underworld, Guffin rallies the Gaians and prepares to leave the photon realm.

"It will be an interesting trip."

The hearts of those welcoming the new era were thrilled.

"There is only one way to leave the photon field."

In the presence of a thousand Gaians, Guppin began his final speech.

"Leave the rule of Anchera, we

Everyone becomes the manager of this world."

Everyone knows, but the Gaians silently paid attention to the guffin on the high spire.

"We have no more controversy, no more doubts. The true master of this world. Thus, it will escape from the cowardice of Anchera and transcend infinity."

The sound of applause rang out.

Although small compared to the total population, the number of individuals was not very important to the Gaians.

'Of course, today is different.'

In order to destroy Ankera's authority and leave the photon world, the more personal codes, the better.

People gathered as the guffin descended from the spire with flying metallic hair.

"It's about time. Your role is important."

Gaiain was integrated into Ultima, but the core keyword was still Guffin.

"Magic."

reason of the phenomenon.

Realizing the truth of this world and changing the current situation through that realization are two different issues.

Only the infinite wizard, Guffin, will be able to open the final lock at the end of the universe.

"We choose."

At the end of the truth, the pride of the Gaia people who regained the meaning of perfect existence pierced the sky.

"Mr. Guffin!"

A woman with her golden steel hair curled up into a swirl came up.

"Milla?"

When Guffin returned to the Underworld, he was the first historic child born.

"It's been a while."

Gaia's distinctive sharp impression gave off a bright and soft atmosphere.

"of course. She's a full-fledged lady now. She has no idea how much she has been waiting for this day."

Mila's face turned slightly red.

"From the day I fell in love with you."

"yes. I'm sorry."

Guffin smiled and stroked her hair, and Mila stuck out her tongue and smiled brightly.

"it's okay. When you leave this world, everything starts anew. I might have a chance."

"haha! I hope so."

It was Mila who was rejected by Guffin, but her heart was not scarred. Because we know that mutual consent is necessary to love.

'Know what is right, and do it.' I was lucky to be born as a Gaian.

"Guffin, the preparations are complete."

At the elder's words, Guffin opened his 11th sense, his palace.

'Ultima.'

It was felt that all Gaians on the planet were aware of the Guphin with a sense of urgency.

"then??????

Guffin turned to Mila with a smile, and she nodded with a refreshed look.

"Goes."

That moment when the Spirit Zone opens and spreads through the infinite realm at the speed of light.

pop!

Mila's face exploded.

The body that remained only from the neck down staggered from side to side and fell with a thump, and the guffin turned its head.

"Archangel."

In the distant sky, Ikael was looking down at the ground with his halo greatly expanded.

"You foolish people, why do you throw away your God-given authority and bring about your own death?"

murmured the Guffin.

"Ataraxia."

The concept that gave birth to this world.

'The closest signal to the outside world. The range of amplification can be said to be the distance from nothing to significance.'

Even the infinite wizard, Guffin, was difficult to deal with at the top of the universe.

Chief Gaia looked at Mila's condition.

"dead. I attacked faster than the sense of time bomb. I couldn't have stopped it."

"I hope it was a good dream." Guffin looked up at the sky.

"Archangel, can I interpret the current interference as the will of Anchera?" Ikael nobly raised his chin.

"It is the law, not interference. I, Ikael, the archangel, will destroy those who disturb the law."

Having expanded Ataraxia to the ends of the sky, she stretched out her hand toward the ground.

"This is your last chance. Follow God's will."

With one flick of her finger, the ground would be pushed and the mountains split.

"God?"

Guffin smiled.

"Don't get me wrong."

When the eyes of the guffin burned with golden light, the eyes of all the Gaians were lit up.

"You guys dare!"

As Ikael held out his hand, the air around him began to fall at a breakneck speed.

"Ultima System."

A thousand Gaians gave birth to an idea.

"I refuse."

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

A dome-shaped curtain spread over the ground blocked the wind pressure from pressing down on the mountain.

'how?... "

Ikael, whose pride was hurt, wrinkled his forehead.

'What is that light?'

Where is it connected that it exerts the power to ignore even the laws of this world?

"Ikael, don't doubt."

Ikael, who caught sight of the guffin flying into the sky, twisted his nose.

'If only 1 person... ...

The moment he thought so, a sphere of light was born from Guffin's hand and he was horrified.

"Photon Cannon."

Flashes of light containing mass rushed towards Ikael at a speed close to the speed of light.

'Ataraxia!'

As she amplified her sense of time, she ducked her upper body to avoid it, and a flash of light struck the plateau behind her.

Aaaaaang!

The power to blow away a whole 20,000 ton pile of dirt was comparable to the previous Ultima.

'As expected, I have to get rid of that human.' Feeling a sense of mission as an archangel, Ikael gnashed his teeth and flew towards the Guffin.

The moment the head of the angels and the representative of Gaia collided orthodoxly, the world shook.

'How can such power be possible?'

A guffin's voice was heard amidst the flashes of the photon cannons like showers.

"I told you not to doubt it."

When Ikael turned his head, a guffin that had transcended time and space was approaching in front of him.

"Because the asteroid is shaking."

A flash of light approached Ikael's wide-open eyes at an incredible speed.

"Keugh!"

The moment she tried to use the power of amplification, a giant pin blocked her way faster than the photon cannon.

"uh?"

Aaaaaaaang!

A roar shook the heavens and the earth, and the guffin, hit directly by the flash, flew away with Ikael.

thud! thud! thud! thud!

Ikael, who had penetrated as many as four peaks and was pinned to the ground, immediately raised his head.

The guffin was holding her by the waist, not even moving.

'why?'

Just as Ikael slowly reached out his hand, Guffin suddenly raised his face.

"As expected."

said Guffin, raising one corner of his mouth.

"Angels don't have hearts."

It was only natural that he was an angel with a mental body, but Ikael felt strangely unpleasant.

"There is no reason why angels should imitate lower human organisms. We are the best intelligence."

"yes?"

Guffin slowly raised himself, frowned and knelt down.

"Aww!"

Ikael looked down and found the charred back of the guffin.

It was a choice that could not be made without going crazy.

"Why did you do that?"

Guffin didn't answer.

"I'm not the one who will be destroyed by that level of attack anyway, but to you, I'm sure I'm the enemy who killed my own people, right?"

"I made a promise."

Today's opportunity would not have come if Lucifer had not perished in place of Guffin.

"I cannot harm you." Self-attacking and self-blocking was Gaia's primary way of thinking.

"What are you talking about? A promise?"

The guffin scratched its wire-sharp head.

'It's embarrassing.'

The face of Lucifer, who had asked Ikael to find the meaning of existence, shimmered.

' Aha.'

Guffin, who discovered a certain possibility, popped his face right in front of Ikael's eyes.

"you. Can I eat raw food?"

The moment he finished speaking, Ikael's eyes widened and he swung his fist at a tremendous speed.

"Aww!"

The guffin was hit in the jaw with a straight shot, flying dozens of meters and crashing into a huge rock.

"A worthless human being dares to scorn an angel?"

Even if they borrowed a human body to produce the Nephilim, it was far from an animal act.

Guffin came closer, holding on to the dizzying goal.

"Ah, what a temper... ...

"Shut up. In the end, all of this must have been your cunning. But it doesn't work for me."

At that moment, Guffin's eyes lit up.

"Who made this world?" Facing Gaia's distinctive gaze, this Kael frowned and replied.

"Eternal immortality. He is the one and only God who gave light to this world and gave birth to angels."

"You really think so?"

Ikael's eyebrows trembled.

'I really hate that look.'

It felt as if the Archangel and everything in the universe were considered less important than filth.

"Are you saying you are a god? Anke Lado, me too, does that mean that everything is a lie?"

"no."

Guffin shook his head.

"We are no different. Even if humans made this world, who made them?"

The eternally repeating bondage of creation and creation.

"So I want to go."

"I do not allow it."

As Ikael raised his will to attack, Guffin held out his hand and said.

"shall we go together?"

"??????what?"

"Because you don't know what comes first until you go. Let's check it out together. do you know When you reach the end beyond infinity... ...

Guffin smiled.

"There might be a meaning of your existence there."

"The meaning of existence?"

She was born as an archangel and never once doubted her existence.

'I am the first. I am the birth.' But looking into Guffin's eyes, I really felt like I was going to escape somewhere.

'The outside world.'

Ikael frowned and shouted.

"gibberish! Do you think you will fall for human words? I am Ikael, the chief of the archangels."

"yes? Then you can't."

Thinking he had done enough, Guffin snorted and activated the Ultima System.

It was delayed for a while, but many Gaians were ready to leave the photon world.

"Goes."

The moment Guffin's body turned into light, Ikael saw an amazing sight.

'really... ...

As the blue sky disappeared, signals were intersecting against a black background like space.

'Does it really exist?'

should be blocked

In addition, it was a situation where one Guffin could sufficiently block it with the activation of Ataraxia.

"ah??????

But.

Ikael was mesmerized by the hundreds of millions of flashes soaring towards the sky.

"Is it over there?"

Guphin's body scattered with light shook nervously every time it faded.

"Me too... ...

Ikael held out his hand.

Ankera's eyes flashed open.

'Something?'

Before I realized it, the sensation of electric shock was intense, and the huge pupils shook rapidly.

A voice mixed with electrical noise spread.

"Detection of total abrogation intention to the universe. Target, Gaia. Code quota, 99.8 percent of the total. Searching for optimization countermeasures."

Silence has arrived.

And after a while, Ankera, who regained her original eyes, returned with a magnificent voice.

brain

"Activate Code Argones."

God's brain (2)

The ground started to rumble.

"what?"

The guffin's body, which had been scattered by the light, began to return to its original form.

'I lack momentum.'

In order to break through the universe, the thoughts of all Gaians must be integrated.

'Ultima is shaking.' It means that among those who can be linked to Idea, a minority has expressed a different opinion from the whole.

'But why?'

The guffin, glowing in the form of a man, was lost in thought, and immediately found an answer.

"Is it me?"

Guffin's gaze was fiercely aimed at Ikael.

'Because I protected the archangel.' Even though they are the same Gaians, the thoughts of the Guffins who have experienced the end of hell are definitely different.

'I had to carry it through, or inspire it. At this rate, I can't penetrate the universe.'

It is possible to make the allocation rate 100% by expunging user codes with differing opinions.

However, if it was not approved within the integrated thinking, Ultima would rather be broken.

'Lucifer, you've handed over your terrible debt.' He realized why he was satisfied with the promise that he would never harm Ikael.

'It's going to happen like this anyway.' The time to choose has come.

Do you drill through the universe with a 99.8 percent allocation rate, or stop for perfection?

'Ultima is... ...

Almost everyone agreed.

"damn!"

As the link of Idea weakened and the signal came in normally, the blue sky spread again.

"ah??????

Kael, who was watching the process of closing the world, asked.

"What happened?"

"As you can see, it failed."

Ikael closed his lips as Guffin showed his displeasure.

"What was the ringing from a moment ago?" While looking where his colleagues were, Taeseong appeared on the ground.

"Ankera made the decision."

Argones left humans, but Taeseong, their mother, still couldn't abandon them.

"Gaia."

Taeseong is approaching.

"Argones. He will annihilate you who turn this world into nothing."

The ground trembled again, revealing parts of the huge monster body that filled the sky.

"That one?"

Even just looking at the part that came down under the clouds, I could guess that it was in the form of a huge sphere.

"Cell Buster."

Taeseong said with a sad expression.

"Argones will reset all humans."

As the monster body split, it differentiated into countless spheres and began to fall toward the ground.

"Sheesh!"

The guffin flailed, followed by Ikael, who climbed high into the sky to watch the situation.

"Unbelievable... ...

The gray sphere had a tail dozens of times longer than its size and started attacking the Gaians.

"I refuse!"

As the Ultima system was activated, the anti-cell was blocked by the giant dome defense wall.

The moment the impact was applied, the sphere split in two, doubling in number and mass.

"Stop! It can't be pierced!"

Taeseong came to Ikael's side.

"It will be unstoppable."

Each time it collided with the defense wall, the anticell continued to increase, eventually covering the entire dome.

"It is a characteristic of biosignals. If the goal is not achieved, the anticell will continue to multiply and fill the universe."

"Is the universe full?"

Ikael's face hardened.

"To you born in the universe, the biological world may seem insignificant, but the true power of living things lies in their adaptation."

Taeseong's gaze was directed at the tadpole-like spheres that were digging into the dome little by little.

"Theoretically, Argones can spread biosignals to any universe. Angels are no exception."

Ikael bared his teeth.

"Angels give birth to creatures? I would rather perish on my own than to suffer such shame."

"I am talking about special circumstances. sugar

If God can create biosignals, it is possible to plant angelic offspring in human bodies."

"I am not interested in that."

Even in the middle of the conversation, Gaiain's defense wall was gradually cracking.

"Is Gaia's history going to end like this?"

"There is one way."

Taesung said.

"Ra, Gaia, and Argones are independently responsible for the universe, nature, and the biological world. Even Ankera cannot activate Cell Buster directly."

"It means it's a special situation."

"Perhaps an act of subversion to the universe. It will be a special measure to contain it. If the Gaians give up their apostasy, I will be able to step forward."

"But it... ...

Ikael did not see it as possible.

"Isn't that all Gaian has?" Taeseong knows too.

That's why I just kept silent and waited for Guffin's decision.

"There is no end."

Sweat dripped from the face of the guppin who flew around the outside of the dome and fired photon cannons.

There seemed to be no way to stop the Anticells from multiplying twice no matter what kind of attack they made.

'With the strongest attack... ...

As the grinning Guffin raised his arms to the sky, light with mass gathered like the sun.

"Yaaaaa!"

A flash of light that could devour the world scratched past the dome.

"Okay... ... !"

The face of Guffin, who had been smiling contemptuously, hardened.

Every time the mass storm passed through the colony of anticells, it grew like a cancer cell.

'Is it unstoppable?'

The size of the colony was large enough to dominate a radius of several tens of kilometers, and the number of individuals seemed to reach the gyeonggi unit.

An astronomical number of anticells moved in an orderly fashion and changed into the shape of Argones' face.

But that's for a while.

He looked at the guffin and raised the corner of his mouth, then dispersed again and poured down the barrier.

A crack formed in the dome, and the anti-cell entered through the gap and hit Gaiain hard.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Guffin looked closely.

The process in which cells devour themselves and disappear as if in reverse evolution.

'I can't resist.'

Even the strongest human beings who have reached Ultima are ultimately living creatures.

Even Gaia was helpless in front of a vessel that contained the spirit and a code that destroyed the body.

'I have to make a quick decision.'

Guppin watched as countless anticells spread all over the world.

I was seriously thinking of exterminating humans.

"Don't give up!" The voice of the elder of Gaia was heard.

"It is our choice! Beyond infinity! Finding the real us is the only way!"

Guffin bit his lip.

I knew that the Gaians would not give up because they had established an integrated mental system.

'I have to stop.'

But Guffin couldn't do that.

'It's something I brought on myself.'

A minor crack that started from the promise with Lucifer drove the situation to this point.

Gaians shouted.

"Freedom! Self!"

The moment when the dark anticells broke through Ultima's defense wall and attacked the Gaians.

"I will surrender."

Guffin implanted in his head an opinion extremely opposed to the integrative mental system.

Aaaaaaaang!

In an instant, Ultima collapsed and the defense wall disappeared.

"what... ... !"

The Gaians were more surprised by the fact that their integrated mental system was broken than by the disappearance right before their eyes.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

The Gaiain elder watched as the anticell froze in front of him and did not move.

"why?"

"why?"

In front of Argones' eyes, Taeseong was keeping his eyes open with his arms wide open.

"Stop here. You gave up on apostasy. Are you really going to annihilate those children?"

"It is an order from Ra. Even if it's not dependent, it's a matter of cosmic scale. His judgment takes precedence."

"What about your judgment?"

"Nothing different. If the universe is destroyed, no life will exist. It's you, every life born in Gaia is precious, but... ...

Argones' eyes grew cold.

"I have a mission to maintain the living world. Compared to that mission, one race is a trivial matter."

"One race?"

Taeseong sighed sadly.

"It's the name you gave me. Gaia."

"... ... It is a sentimental conclusion."

"Nope. Maybe this is the mission. You and I exist to make them."

"Then what about us?"

Taehyung didn't answer.

"Did it just exist to make humans? No, we are gods. At least in this universe. What do you gain by denying it?"

"To know the truth... ...

Argones stopped talking.

"truth? What on earth is the truth? Is it the truth to open the lid? Do you really think that's real? What if even that is a lie covered by another lid?"

Perhaps.

"Gaians are just creatures. It's just one of many things we've made. Why should I care?"

"Eventually those kids will find out the truth." "You know. Foolish, arrogant, and with an evil disposition unmatched... ...

A sad smile spread across Taeseong's lips.

"Recognizing what went wrong and moving in the right direction in the end

O"

Humans.

"It is the greatest masterpiece we have ever created." The reason Taeseong couldn't refute it was because he also watched Gaia's history.

Why is it unexpected?

Why can't it be stabilized differently than other creatures?

"That's why I don't like it."

Among the children of Argones, only humans are different.

Taesung replied.

"On the one hand... ... I am proud of you."

"huh."

The body of Argones, who had been moving away while showing his back, permeated into the ground.

"This is your last chance. No matter who wins the war that will begin, I will be watching." Being free from Cell Buster was a blessing to the Gaians.

"Whoa."

After leaving Argones, Taeseong sighed and looked at the sky on the other side.

"Once you get over the hurdle."

The war between gods and humans was about to begin.

"It disappears."

The anticells that were filling up the field of view converged in reverse and were rapidly shrinking.

"What happened? Why?"

The muttering Elder of Gaia looked around and found the Guffin.

"What's happening!"

Guffin came over and bowed his head.

"sorry."

At that moment, all the Gaians who survived Cell Buster let out a bitter groan.

'Wrong.'

The appearance of the guffin was clearly an independent action that broke away from the overall thinking.

"Is Ultima broken?"

The elder shook his head.

"No, it can't be! What a sacrifice we have reached! Guppin' that, you... ... !" The moment the elder shut his mouth, the Gaia people around her spoke as if they understood.

"Anger is not helpful. If we diverge here, we will return to the old humanity."

A society of conflict where numerous opinions collide.

"I will take responsibility."

Guffin declared.

"I will not open the Palace for the time being. Then the Ultima system will be perfect again."

"What are you thinking?"

Looking up at the sky, Guffin exchanged glances with Ikael, who was coldly looking at the ground.

"... ... I will fight."

An era in which gods and humans coexist.

After accepting Omega's information, Shirone realized that this point was a singularity.

'Guppin has left Gaia.' It is not possible to know exactly what happened from the records you read in Babel, but... ... .

'One thing is certain.'

It was the fact that the Gaians who remained by the side of mankind until the end were the Guffins.

God's brain (3)

Omega 201 year.

Hundreds of angels and thousands of maras occupied the sky.

Every flash of the halo of justice stirred the law, and Mara's violence fell upon the earth.

"Ooooooooooooo!"

At the same time, a golden light lit up in Gaiain's eyes.

'Ultima system.'

As the quantum signals of 300 million people were integrated into one, the veil of the world was lifted.

"this??????!"

A huge stream of light, like the Milky Way, rushed into the angel's camp, making a great detour.

"Attack!"

The flying angels, flapping their wings of light, slammed into the signal with all their might.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

The ripples of a shock wave larger than the planet spread out into space, and the white mirrors in the meeting room of the archangels shook.

"Damn human!" The archangel of union, Methiel, revealed his white teeth.

"How long are you going to wait? Why don't we just step out and destroy it?"

Unlike her innocent face with blonde hair over her waist, her eyes were full of murderous intent.

The Archangel of Birth, Kariel, helped.

"My thoughts are the same. If you stay like this, you will overturn before you even try to reset."

While the Guffins were making their own moves, the Gaians also strengthened Ultima's system.

The conclusion that Ankera made to prevent another cosmic apostasy from happening was initialization.

said Uriel.

"Let's wait a little longer. If the reset succeeds, the future where the Gaians existed will also disappear."

Redesigned from the beginning of the universe, it would prevent this from happening.

Whoops!

As the white watch shook again, Satiel, the great angel of decomposition, raised his eyebrows.

"Still, it's really great. It is unbelievable power of human power."

Combination and disintegration are sister concepts.

That's why Satiel's appearance, like Methiel's, was heavenly beauty.

The only distinguishing feature was that her hair was bobbed and her eyes were innocently large.

Metatron, the archangel of existence, said.

"Be careful what you think, Satiel. Does a being with the rank of archangel praise a lower creature?"

Satiel pursed her lips.

"I have to admit it. You know what, when you dissolve any being, everything becomes the same?"

Methiel showed a displeased expression.

"So are we the same? it's not you are so childish That's why you can't dominate humans."

"Al, okay."

Satiel hurriedly lowered her head.

Born with the concept of decomposition, she tended to treat all things equally.

This was the reason why Methiel, the archangel of union that symbolizes individuality, was inevitably difficult.

As the atmosphere subsided and the archangels fell silent, Ikael opened his mouth.

"Angel's line of deterrence has collapsed."

The authority of an archangel overflowed in her eyes as she had fought countless battles with the Gaians.

"You mean that much?"

White steam like milk flowed from the body of Uriel, the archangel of destruction, and permeated the white mirror.

"I will go out. Today, I will destroy Ultima."

"no. Everyone joins the fight."

As soon as there is even a slight crack in Ultima, the world of Anke will be initialized.

'Not being able to come close means that the spirit of the Gaians surpasses the army of angels.'

The only answer was a sortie.

"Is it really necessary to go all the way to me?"

The archangel of extinction, Faiel, could not admit that the situation had come this far.

'Paiel.'

Shirone, passing through Omega's records, took an interest in the archangel she had annihilated herself.

'It was really strong.'

It was only after paying the price of over 127 years with Valhalla Action that he was able to defeat him.

Even considering the debt of time, considering that less than five years had passed since then, it was a terrible formidable enemy.

"Everyone participates."

Ikael warned Fael.

"Don't hastily assume enemies, Faiel. Because of that, we are paying the price now."

"I admit the enemy."

Ultima is strong.

"What I want to say is, why do we have to act according to your wishes?"

Rayel, the archangel of light, asked.

"What are you talking about? Do you suspect the archangel who is directly carrying out Ankera's orders?"

"Maclein Guffin."

Ikael's brow wrinkled.

"When the Gaians first tried to leave the photon world, the archangel couldn't stop them."

It was a long time ago, but the angels did not forget.

"What do you mean? If it were you, would you say you could have stopped the Gaians?"

Only Fael, the concept of symmetry, could confidently present an objection to Ikael, the head of the angels.

"Of course, Ultima is strong. What I doubt is why the guffin saved you."

The story of the guphin that flew right after firing the photon cannon and stopped Kael was talked about among the angels.

"Are you alive? Even if he didn't block it, I wouldn't be hit by such an attack. And he had already been given sufficient admonition by Anchera for failing to restrain the Gaians. It's not for you to step out."

After receiving Ankera's stern rebuke, Ikael's spirit became stronger.

In any case, since the archangel was Ikael, Faiel had no reason to dispute any more.

"My name is the name of Ankera. All archangels listen. Go out right now and stop the Gaians."

"I will follow your orders."

The eight archangels disappeared at the same time as they permeated into the curtain of the white watch.

"Strike! Drive harder!"

The lightning that split the sky into thousands of pieces rushed forward and pierced the group of Gaians vertically.

"Weak."

Looking up at the electricity dispersing in all directions from a height of two kilometers above the ground, Maishin raised an eyebrow.

As the eldest and representative of the Gaians, he was fighting Heaven with a leadership no less than that of a Guffin.

"This should be enough," he pointed forward with two fingers, and the Gaiain's mind was united.

"thunderbolt."

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

As the world opened and lightning struck, the screams of the angels were heard.

"AA AA AA!"

In front of the energy of the abolition, even the concept of angels was destroyed.

"Geuk, reset."

In the crowd walking towards Ankera, there was a man sitting on a rock smoking a cigarette.

It was Leo, the battle leader of the Gaia race, with a huge body and an impression resembling a wolf.

"Ankera. You are having a strange dream." A woman with iron-colored hair hanging down to her ankles passed by his muttering billowing white smoke.

"Hey! Everyone is moving, what are you doing alone? After this became the captain, he fell out."

"Ah, will it show that I'm missing one?"

"If everyone thinks like that, who will want to walk? Won't you wake up soon?"

We are having a hit-and-run conversation, but there is only one conclusion for each other anyway.

"it was yummy."

Leo hurriedly threw a cigarette, put his hand in his pocket, and walked over to the woman's side.

"Penny, if the time is right tonight, a high-pitched high-pitched voice interrupted my speech.

"You insignificant humans!"

Where Gaiain's eyes were directed, an angel with a ferocious impression had his eyes wide open.

"How dare you disobey God's command! A great disaster will overtake you!"

Leo's expression darkened.

"What is that angel?" said Penny.

"It's Icasa. Angel of Desire."

She, who can reverse causal effects with her Valhalla action of the judicial halo, is determined to be annihilated.

"Let's go, angels! Our world cannot be stolen by insignificant creatures!"

Confirming that the eyes of the angels were changing, Ikasa rushed toward the ground.

"Great Ankerasi!"

As black and white information accumulated in her halo, huge results flooded in.

'It can never be stolen!'

Whoever wins becomes a god.

On the other hand, the losing side would have to taste the abyss of being on a different level than being a slave.

"Die, humans!"

Shirone thought.

'It's impossible. Even if I reverse the cause and effect, I can't bring about the result of stealing lives.'

It was a fact that I could know because I used the same judicial halo, but it made perfect sense after realizing the invincibility.

'It's because the codes are different.'

This world consists of a photon code that serves as a physical background and a mind that dwells there, that is, a quantum code.

'Time belongs to the photon code. On the other hand, the subject that triggers the act, that is, the mind, is a quantum code.'

Thus, the photonic code has no access to the quantum code.

'kill! Even if it's just one person!'

However, Ikasa's feelings were sincere.

The future he pulled in for that result was all of the fists he could throw out until his own body crumbled.

"This world is ours!"

Leo's eyebrows twitched.

"... ... You are making a big mistake."

The moment he raised his shoulders and clenched his fists, the eyes of 300 million Gaians lit up.

At the same time, Ikasa activated the Valhalla action.

"Die aaaaaa!"

As the cause and effect were reversed, a shockwave of innumerable circles blew to the ground.

"Your world?"

Leo, who lowered his center of gravity, took the posture of thrusting his right fist toward the sky.

"No, we use it."

Although the signs of the world cannot affect the mind.

"Divine transcendence."

Extreme manifestations of the mind dwell in the signals of the world and cause powerful phenomena.

"Immediately!"

In front of the illusion of fists crushing the landscape, the shock wave of the Valhalla action was broken.

"this??????

When space overlaps, time becomes meaningless.

The will of divine transcendence penetrated Ikasa's torso, which had a blank expression on her face.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Seeing him fall with only his upper body remaining, the wings of the angels that followed stopped all at once.

"I can't win." A mournful vibration was heard around the frightened angels shaking the planet.

"Did you know now?"

The voices of 300 million people uttered at the same time destroyed the vibrations of the angels.

"We are one."

As the 300 million sound waves resonated, the sound stretched as if time slowed down.

"I-over there... ...

Where the angels pointed out, a procession of well over 100 million Gaians was joining the main camp.

"With an integrated mindset."

The angels bit their teeth as they crossed the procession without even touching each other's collars.

"Existences with different personalities."

The Gaians suddenly stopped walking and took 400 million different poses.

"We are the universe."

A procession of Gaians numbering at least 100 million was approaching from all sides.

"We are the truth."

Everyone's eyes were on fire, and the vertical flashes of light gushing out of their bodies were connected to the sky.

"That's human... ...

The final evolutionary form of society achieved by users.

"Black. Black."

Ikasa, whose upper body was left, shed tears as she watched the procession of Gaians pass by.

Friends walking while chatting, children holding parents' hands and smiling brightly.

The actions were different, but the golden glow in their eyes contained the same emotion.

"no."

we are the owners

"no! Absolutely not! I am god! I am a noble angel!"

Some of the Gaians who had been casually passing by stopped walking and looked back at Ikasa.

"Keep."

Facing Gaiain's eyes squarely, Ikasa stopped talking in fear.

"ah??????

And I realized

'Good and evil, none of it matters.'

If a Gaian called evil and called good, it would be good, and if gong was called child, it would be love.

'Because they are everything.'

If all beings see a black stone and say it is a white stone, is the color of the stone black or white?

-Akashic Records or Ultima System?

'Humans define it.'

Therefore, if the little boy whose eyes are now met decides to kill himself mercilessly... ... .

'That is also the truth.'

I waited for the disposal with frightened eyes, but the child just smiled and passed by.

"Huh!"

Ikasa buried her face in the ground and sobbed.

"Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!" In the moment defined by her insignificant existence, she began to see cracks in her luminary body.

God's brain (4)

"I can't go on like this!"

At the report of the triangular Mara, the angel looked back at the spire of Arabot, 40 kilometers away.

In a place where there were no heavenly barriers or seven heavens yet, only Ankera's sacred place was revealing the mighty dragon.

'This is the last line of deterrence.'

The angel was frightened when he confirmed again the countless processions approaching from the end of the horizon.

A population of roughly one billion people was approaching, joining the ranks from all sides.

"If you're going to do it, do it, if you're going to say it, don't." Mai Shin, the representative of the Gaia people, in the lead, put on a pitiful expression.

told



The angel is in the middle of the pond, and the maras are all.

Winning fist, watching



holding

asked



"What should I do?"

The biggest problem is

The source of the angels, freely in the hands of the dog



The concept is what defines a Gaian.

"Elysion."

The spirit of Gaia as one and as a whole.

"Shall we finish?" When Myshin raised his hand, the eyes of one billion Gaians lit up and were linked to Idea.

A huge hole was opened in the sky, and the clouds flowed back like a waterfall.

"I-that... ...

The moment I saw the huge hand of light coming out of the black tunnel, the angel's luminous body shook.

"It's not like we were playing around."

Once threatened with extinction by Code Argones, they aggressively polished Ultima.

"Hand of God (Hand of God)." As the finger of light swayed flexibly, the river water flowing on the ground began to evaporate.

"Just stop it!"

The angels launched an all-out attack at the size of a hand that could crush Arabot with a single grip.

It wasn't a flashy firefight, but the powerful concepts that supported the early days of the universe hit the Hand of God.

"It's ridiculous."

Why is it called the Hand of God?

"It is omnipotent."

It was the hand that created the universe.

The Hand of God, who entered while destroying the original concept, grabbed the angel with his index finger and thumb.

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"

It wasn't long before the being screamed out in agony from the oppressive pressure, and the angel squinted his eyes and shouted.

"You dare to pretend to be God's name... ... Kuck!"

Between the thumb and forefinger, the angel's body burst into dust with a popping sound.

"You can come in anytime."

The Hand of God, which had bent its fingers sequentially as if caressing the air, turned over and held out the back of its hand.

As the angels watched in terror, five fingers opened wide like a lotus flower.

The surface of the Hand of God shimmered in five colors as if it contained all the phenomena of the natural world.

After a while, an orb of light rose from the center of my palm.

"Big!"

As the sky and the earth vibrated at the same time, the angels felt motion sickness for the first time.

"Photon Cannon."

It was a blow created by the Ideas of all Gaians, and God's blow to the world.

"It is over."

The moment the Hand of God moved and the photon cannons were stretched out in a flash, the angels shouted.

"calm down! I can stop it!" The phenomenon itself is nothing special.

'you can do it! A little bit too much

It's just that I'm flying fast!'

with a roar

"ah... ...



flashes fly



everything went pale

Without experiencing it, I could intuit that it had the power to blow away the planet's hemisphere.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

In the blink of an eye, lightning fell on Arabot.

judicial halo.

'Ragnarok!'

Uriel, who had accumulated the concept of destruction, sprinted towards the Photon Cannon at tremendous speed.

It was an incident taking place at the sub-light speed level, but the angels with a sense of time saw it clearly.

Uriel's body began to peel off after entering the center of the Photon Cannon.

'Even Uriel-nim... ...

At that time, when the feeling of resignation dwelled, the photon cannon exploded and spread a mass wave.

"Big!" The angels who had flown to the spire of Arabot frowned and looked ahead.

'It's fine.'

Although features spread outward around the explosion point, the scale was much smaller than expected.

Maishin looked around with a bitter smile.

"... ... You are doing something useless."

Breathing heavily, Taeseong was shedding tears of blood while holding his hands together.

"Are you really going to see the end?" Gaia has the ability to redirect the shock signals applied to the planets to incarnations.

Also, the fact that she shed bloody tears meant that the photon cannon's power was equivalent to a meteorite impact.

"Be quiet. We'll take care of it."

Planets don't matter.

However, it was unpleasant to see Gaia, who had been on the side of humans for a long time, suffering.

'Exploding the light-speed mass created with the Hand of God... ...

While Maishin looked at Uriel with serious eyes, Leo came to the side.

"It is not possible with one Archangel.

ji."

Inhaling deeply, he opened his eyes and stared at Arabot.

"Zoom in."

When the Hand of God rolled his index and middle fingers into a circle, a magnifying glass of light was born.

As the distance of tens of kilometers approached as if it were right in front of my eyes, Ikael's figure was revealed.

"Archangel Ikael."

And the faces of the six archangels flying behind her were clearly visible.

There was hope in the eyes of the angels.

"All the archangels have gathered."

If the Gaians define the world, the eight archangels represent the totality of the objective world.

In other words, Ankera proposed a head-to-head match between the Akashic Records and the Ultima System.

"As expected, it doesn't go away easily."

Leo extinguished his cigarette and snorted as Penny approached, supporting her neck with both hands.

"Hmph, it was a mountain I had to climb anyway. We have the Hand of God. It's like an archangel."

The power of Elysion, which had no center, concentrated in a specific form was far greater than the sum of 1 billion Gaia objects. When Uriel returned, eight archangels quickly flew in and looked down at Gaia.

Ikael amplified his voice.

"Those who pretend to be gods, why do you repeat meaningless battles?"

Myshin replied.

"Isn't that the one who started the fight? We just want to leave this world."

"This world is your resting place. It is enough to find joy in this place and enjoy eternal life."

"That is your idea."

Maishin raised an eyebrow.

"There are no more unknowns in this world. because? Because that's all we defined. I will not live in a cave, staring at the shadows of the outside world."

"Do you really want to leave?"

"Because it is."

Ikael opened his mouth as if determined.

"Leave it to Ankera. We will devise measures so that you can leave the world safely."

"Our answer is... ...

The Hand of God, connected to the outside world, flipped a fist and raised a third finger.

"This is it."

It was a divine stop.

Ikael's eyebrows wrinkled, and the seven archangels behind him threw their bodies at the same time.

"OK! Come on!"

Leo immediately took a stance and held out the regime.

'Divine transcendence!'

When one billion Ideas were activated, the Hand of God flew in with its fists clenched.

"Wow!"

Seeing the fists of light pouring through the world, Metatron activated his judicial halo.

'Exist.' As information in the form of concentric circles accumulated on the halo like a whirlpool, a spherical black hole opened.

Aaaaaaaang!

It was gravity that absorbed even light, but Gaia's will was much stronger than that.

"haha! With just that much power... ... Ikael's voice rang clear.

"Ataraxia."

Her halo expanded to an unprecedented size, and Meta Tron, who felt the tremendous amplification, increased her presence.

"Damn it, bent! catch!"

The Hand of God quickly circulated around the Gravity River and was sucked into a black sphere.

"Ragnarok."

With a bang and thunder, Uriel suddenly turned into a flash of light and rushed toward Gaiain.

"I refuse!"

As one billion Gaians covered their faces with their arms, a barrier of the law was erected to keep everything out.

"dare?"

Ikael said.

"Do you reject God?"

When the concept of destruction was amplified by ataraxia, Uriel's mind was on the verge of exploding.

"Yaaaaaa!"

The moment he collided with Gaia's barrier while radiating his huge instinct of destruction.

Zeng!

As the barriers of the law became visible, one billion Gaians simultaneously took three steps back.

"Keugh!"

Everyone frowned, but what was more problematic was the cracks in the walls.

"Cheondo Eunha Ryun."

The spinning wheel of paradise sucking in the air slammed the already cracked barriers of the law.

Blood flowed from Myshin's nose as a roar that the creature's ears could not hear exploded.

"damn!"

Uriel did the destruction, but Gaiain's eyes were focused on Ikael.

'As expected, the archangel is the problem.'

Even ideas cannot imitate the concept of amplification.

'Because it is the only concept that straddles the boundary between the outer world and the inner world.'

A stepping stone to go from a state of nothingness to a state of significance.

'Sorry.'

If the concept of Ataraxia could be implemented, the war with Ankera would have already ended.

"Are you done with your leftovers?"

Uriel, who had destroyed the wall of the law, raised his spirits again by wielding the talisman of paradise.

"come!"

Hand of God's idea was being restored, but Ragnarok's activation was faster.

Uriel, who rushed with thunder, sensed victory.

'I won.'

At least tens of millions of Gaians would have died just by passing through the crowds.

' yes?'

The wind blew.

' wind?'

It was only because the speed was not comparable to the movement of the atmosphere, so Uriel, who felt puzzled, turned his head.





"......r


And the next moment, the air was torn and a man's face came into view.

"Pasaeng!"

The fist he swung with a laugh sounded turned Uriel's face sideways.

Aaaaaang!

The eyes of the angels followed Uriel's movement as she slipped 10 kilometers.

"Oh dear."

Guffin, who appeared and shook his fist, said.

"I can't be without me in this fun game."

"How do you... ...

Not only the angels, but even the Gaians couldn't hide their bewilderment at the appearance of the giant pin.

Maishin asked.

"What's going on on the battlefield? He must have decided to break away from the Ultima system. Have you changed your mind?"

"It's true that things have changed... ...

said Guffin, looking up at the angels.

"I have no intention of joining the system."

"Then why... ...

At that moment, Uriel flew in from afar.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The anger of being hit by a human being was fully revealed in the judicial halo.

"Surprised. You're excited."

The goon of paradise flew in a large trajectory.

"Destroy!"

When the guffin held out its hand, the light particles quickly gathered to create a cubic thin film.

"Turn it off!"

As the shock from the Gon of Paradise was absorbed without even making a sound, Uriel tilted her head.

'What harmony?'

Was there anyone other than the Ultima system that could stop the power of Ragnarok?

"Guffin, that... ... ?"

At Mysin's question, Guffin smiled.

"Hexa."

The hexahedral thin film disintegrated into smoke and pushed Uriel away with a gentle force.

As the brilliant light wrapped around his body, Guffin looked up at Ikael and said.

"Are you still going to stop us?"

Because Guffin had bad memories, Ikael's voice naturally became ferocious.

"Sounds natural. It is only natural to punish those arrogant people who deny God and consider themselves gods. And it has nothing to do with you anyway "Do you want to go with me?"

Ikael, who stopped talking, asked again after a while.

"what?"

said Guffin, holding out his hand.

"I can take everyone." While the angels were lost in thought with blank expressions, the Gaians looked back at each other.

God's Brain (5)

"You're taking everyone?" Ikael asked.

"yes. The bridle of creation and creation. Isn't that a much more constructive suggestion than arguing who is God?"

Obviously, Ikael shook his head.

"Impossible. Yeah, I'll admit it honestly. Your idea, it is definitely a record event in this universe."

Taeseong recalled the moment when light first entered Gaia's eyes. Neither did Argones, nor did all beings in heaven explain it.

"Maybe there is such a thing as the outside world. But no matter what, we can't get out."

because there is no idea.

No, to be precise, their idea was themselves, not the outside world.

"After leaving Ultima, I did a lot of research."

When Guffin opened his palm, a hexagonal light called Hexa floated like ice crystals.

"What is the sign of Idea? picture

And if you can analyze the signal, Gaia has all the inclinations of Prajna and Yaksha, but he was also an excellent scientist.

"Can't it be made artificially?"

The Gaians put on a blank expression.

"Artificially... ... make?" If this world was composed of signals from outside, it was the domain of the gods to create ideas.

"yes. that's hexa. It can be said that it is a signal that does not exist in this world that has information from the outside."

When the guffin raised its arm, the hexa cracked and shattered and fell into smoke.

"Miracle Stream."

Vines formed where the smoke of light passed, and flowers began to bloom quickly.

Angels murmured.

"Uh, how... ... ?"

Life was created only when Anchera, Gaia, and Argones functioned simultaneously.

The guffin raised its arms and gazed at the flowers blooming around it.

"It's still at this level, but with repeated research, we'll be able to create more complex lives."

Kariel muttered.

"life??????

To him, the Archangel of Birth, Guffin's power seemed like a literal miracle from God.

Guffin said to Ikael.

"You know what I mean? If you can conquer Idea, this world is not the end for you either."

Everyone hates Gaians, but this time even the archangels looked at Ikael.

"Isn't that the end?"

A cold voice rang out.

"That is also a Gaian accident. You broke away from the human group and now you want to become a god? How arrogant I am."

"If God is indifferent... ...

Guffin's eyes lit up.

"Wouldn't it be okay if I pulled you down?"

"It is blasphemy!"

Her voice boomed as Ataraxia sharply expanded.

"For us, God is only the eternal and immortal Ra. Do you think I will be seduced by your absurd hypotheses?"

Denying the reason for existence to angels is no different than asking humans to deny their parents.

"but... ...

Guffin cast a pitiful gaze.

"Did you want to go?"

Ikael's eyes widened and he bit his lip.

'It was.'

When Gaiain first tried to leave the photon world, she was obviously shaken.

Even if the thought that this was the last chance worked strongly, it was an irreparable mistake for the archangel.

"I have changed since then."

Upon hearing Anchera's stern rebuke, she swore to doubt no more.

"Gaian, give up your false hopes. If Ankera resets the world, you will disappear too. Everything will return, and the law will be at peace." The restored Hand of God bent his fingers like the claws of a beast.

A billion voices were born at the same time.

"Do you think we can stay still? I will block the Reset and annihilate Ankera."

A gap that cannot be narrowed in the end.

At the moment when the lives of both sides became tense again, Satiel spoke in a trembling voice.

"Can't you try?" She was terrified as the archangels' eyes focused on her, but she grew more courageous.

"If an angel and a Gaian join forces, we might be able to reveal the truth of this world."

Archangel's ability was also important for Guffin to dig deeper into the study of Hexa.

'More than anything, ataraxia.'

If the signals of Ideas could be amplified and investigated, even the utopia of the Guffins would not have been a dream.

"What are you talking about?" Murderous intent lingered in Ikael's eyes, but Satiel mustered up the courage to open his mouth.

"So, at least a conversation... ...

Methiel, the archangel of union, was blurred.

bang

As he swung his arm at great speed, Satiel, who was hit in the face, flew away so quickly that he disappeared.

Whoops!

Dust rose from the crashed ground, and Methiel shook his fists and muttered.

"It's like the shame of an angel."

Raising her fingertips with an arrogant and beautiful expression, she pointed at the guffin.

"Listen, humans. God does not compromise. I will punish you and stabilize the world."

No need to complicate, Ankera

If the reset is successful, everything is over. "But before that... ...

Methiel's asteroid expanded into Halo.

"I will kill you myself."

As if they had the same idea, the five archangels excluding Ikael spread halos.

Maishin asked with a serious look.

"Guffin, what are you thinking?"

"You don't step out. Because Ultima can shake. Stop Anchera from resetting while I fight."

If Ultima is shaken even for a moment, Anke Ra will trigger a reset.

'Then I can't turn back.'

Guffin is right.

However, since he couldn't activate Ultima, it didn't seem like he would be able to deal with all the archangels.

"Miracle Stream."

Ikael raised his chin as the golden smoke coiled around the guffin like a snake.

"Ataraxia."

The concept of the archangels was amplified, and Yuri El opened the battle in Ragnarok.

"I will teach you the fear of the world." A flesh-and-blood attack that contained the rage of being hit hit the Guffin.

Sparks flew in the eyes of the guffin, which was pushed out three kilometers in that state.

'As expected, it's not easy.'

Getting excited about being hit by an archangel.

'It bounces.'

As the Miracle Stream swirled, Uriel's body fell behind the Guffin.

"Keugh!"

Uriel, who ate the rotational inertia, fell vertically after one kilometer while drawing a huge curve.

Aaaaaang!

Hearing the roar, the guffin with both legs planted on the ground smiled at the archangels in front.

"Should we start playing God?"

Metatron of existence, Rayel of light, and Fael of extinction formed a binary side by side.

"I bounced off Uriel."

It means that it cannot be broken with pure impulse alone.

"I go."

Faiel's judicial halo, which took the lead, spun rapidly and turned into an abyssal whirlpool.

"A message of nothingness."

When the light from the Miracle Stream around Guffin disappeared, Metatron held out his hand.

"Gravity Tyranny."

As dozens of black spheres were created, Gurfin's back twisted and his limbs opened wide.

'I'll tear it apart.'

Just when I thought it was over, Guffin's body defied the gravitational waves and stopped in midair.

"Let there be light."

A huge hexagon of light rose and disintegrated into smoke, enveloping the guffin.

"There is no cause in Hexa."

That's why no matter how many times Faiel is annihilated, he can be resurrected for no reason.

"Sleeping."

As the smoke of light spread, the spheres of gravitational tyranny began to disappear one by one.

"Never wake up again."

At that moment, Rayel, the archangel of light, activated the law halo accelerator.

Hey hey hey!

As the halo, which rotates at the speed of light, rapidly contracts and disappears, time stops.

'Can this be prevented?'

In the time zone of 0 seconds, when the rotation of the planet wasn't even happening, Rayel threw out his fist.

Photonic signals, although it is impossible to transmit physical signals when time is stopped.

'I am the archangel of light.'

The unit of time he perceived was the minimum value of the timeline you dismantled.

The moment Lael's fist touched Guffin.

'This is the point.'

Independently listed events of time passed over to events immediately after.

It was the smallest unit of time that could be divided by the law, so it was impossible for any living thing to react.

Whoops!

At the point where Rayell's regime ended, the atmosphere was pushed several tens of meters and exploded.

"what'?"

Rayel lowered her gaze in disbelief.

"Slow."

The guffin twisted its upper body to avoid it and was smiling, exposing its sharp fangs.

'Avoid the speed of light?'

It can't be.

This is because there is no event between the moment the fist touches and the event that releases the speed of light.

'It's the speed of light. He said he split the time to the end. Between time and time there is only nothing... ...

The celestial light shook as the eerie home passed by.

'Did you come in through nothing?'

super light speed.

Penetrates between time and the smallest unit of time, creating a signal of existence out of nothing.

'you... ... Are you really a god?'

The moment the question came up, Guffin's fist hit Laiel's face directly.

"Big!"

bang! bang! bang! bang!

Like a stone hitting the surface of the water horizontally, Rayel's body bounced off the ground.

Kariel and Methiel, who were in charge of the tail, stopped abruptly when they saw the archangel rolling on the ground.

an ??????

For this moment, both Gaia and the archangel Ikael forgot their original purpose.

"Our intellect goes beyond infinity??????

The hexagonal light floating between Guffin's palms broke and scattered like flower petals.

"To God's World." The Gaians were lost in thought as they watched the stars rising high in the sky riding the wind.

'That's Hexa.'

The language of gods that do not exist in this world.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Shirone's screams exploded, and the entire Alpones Mountains were enveloped in white light.

Core, Kara Torsa, who is delivering all of Omega's records, also groaned.

'It's a huge amount of information.'

With just that, Mudeungryong had an intuition about where Shirone was in Omega.

'It's the year 201.'

This is the point at which Macklein Guffin first raised the possibility of Hexa.

'The speed of delivery is too fast. I have to control myself.'

In case Shirone could be damaged, Caratora slowed down the information transfer.

"Keugh!"

However, as if Shirone was forcibly sucking it in, the speed began to soar.

'no! At this rate... ... !'

Kara Torsa, who stopped thinking there, rolled her eyes and realized a new possibility.

'Right. It's only natural.'

Because Shirone is hexa.

'It's not about accepting information through thinking. The combination of information and information to become new information.'

Or perfect information.

In fact, the reason why Shirone screamed out of his mouth was because he was surprised by the enormity of his realization.

'They become one endlessly.'

The moment when a huge feeling that exists before human language and academic thinking merges.

"Huh!"

Shirone's eyes widened.

'Miracle Stream!'

A hexagonal light rose above my head, and it broke open and released into smoke.

"Shirone. Accept his thoughts, his thoughts, everything."

Karatorsa said.

"It is the brain of God."

cold world (1)

Photon signals not in the law.

The archangels looked at the situation at the stage of the guffin, which showed a sense of super-light speed.

Methiel's brow wrinkled.

"Sheesh, something like a human."

If you deflected Uriel's destruction and avoided Rayel's speed of light, it would be difficult to subdue Bakturo.

'It's not over yet.'

Sensing the gigantic energy emerging from beyond the guffin, she moved her eyebrows.

'I just destroyed each concept.'

The world is complete only when the concepts of the eight archangels are unified.

"Yaaaaa!"

As Uriel rushed forward with a shout, spinning the turret, the guffin twisted his body and held out his hand.

'It bounces.'

At the same time, Methiel activated Union.

'fusion!'

As explosive substances were synthesized in the spinning wheel of paradise, it was transformed into a powerful murder weapon.

Guffin smiled with a firm expression.

all.

'Combining concepts... ...

The moment the Gon of Paradise hit Hexa, a huge explosion occurred that blew away the entire radius.

"It is over there."

The gazes of the archangels moved at the same time, and from several kilometers away, a guffin crashed into the ground.

Aaaaaang!

Satiel, who had been watching from afar, quickly flew in and inspected the guffin's condition.

'Methiel's strong fusion.'

As for the level of destructive power, she knew the opposite concept best.

'Is he dead?'

Just as he was thinking, the ground shook and the Guffin's upper body slowly stood up.

"Ah??????

Although he was covered in dust, there appeared to be no fatal wounds except for blood flowing from the corners of his mouth.

"This raises the difficulty level, right?"

When it comes out like this, things are different



all.



"Hmm, the combination of the eight concepts



la."



Guffin, lost in thought, looked up.



As he lifted it up, Satiel hurriedly took up a fighting stance.



drunk

"Dumb, if you dare

Guffin held out his hand.

"Hey pretty angel, can you help me?" Satiel stared at him as if he was bewildered, and the guffin whimpered as he put his hand on the ground.

"I have no strength in my legs. It seems the shock is still there."

Then it's your chance

"why?"

However, Satiel rather let go of his hostility and asked.

"Why are you asking for help? We must be the enemies who stand in the way of Gaiain's purpose."

It was also his worst enemy.

"Because I can't do it alone. But if we all work together, what is impossible?"

"Then why did you join forces!"

Satiel shouted.

"You guys don't care about us! Why do you keep making rounds to go with me when you see it as just a tool you need to use this world?"

"It's a tool."

Relieved from the shock, the guffin limped to his feet and brushed the dirt off his trousers.

"Do you have any good memories? For example, precious memories that I want to keep for the rest of my life."

Satiel answered with one eyebrow raised.

"Of course it is."

"Then there is nothing insignificant." The planet shook greatly.

"I was born. That's why she lives. There is no reason for our existence... ...

said Guffin with a grin.

"It's real though. Like me, like other Gaians, you too have lived."

"live... ... You said you came?"

Guffin held out his hand again.

"Life is just a way of going through life. you are also alive So let's go together. No matter where the outside world is, I will never let go."

Satiel's gaze turned to the guffin's hand.

'God is indifferent.'

Because it has to be perfect.

That's why the world is cold and the law is mechanical, but if you have a heart for a god... ... .

'Nothing trivial.'

I wondered if I would say something like Guffin.

"right."

Sensing the warm light in the Astral Body, Satiel put her hands together and smiled brightly.

"You are right."

At that moment, archangels flew from the other side of the sky.

"There!"

As Kariel flew to the fore and expanded the judicial halo, the other archangels added concepts.

'Simulark!'

As the concepts of amplification, destruction, light, existence, combination, and extinction were integrated, a spherical machine with complex organs was born.

"An all-purpose machine that can never be avoided, never destroyed, and always destroyed!"

A sphere containing most of the technology that makes up the universe was shot at the guffin.

'This is the end!'

The moment Kariel was convinced, Satiel, who had taken a step forward, turned her judicial halo with her eyes shining.

'nostalgia!'

Physics Collapse.

On the surface of the sphere, 30,000 cracks broke off and 2.4 billion nanoorganisms were disassembled.

"Huh!"

Satiel dismantled the organ into parts, and the parts went through molecules and into atoms.

"what?"

A cool breeze swept across Guffin's face as the machine disintegrated before his eyes.

"Sathiel!"

Methiel let out a fury.

"How dare you betray us! Can you still say that you are a servant of God even if you take the side of humans?"

The only weakness of the universal machine is that it can be 'dismantled' even though it cannot be destroyed.

'damn! Even if only the concept of Satiel was added!'

However, since he was on the side of Guffin, his outfit was about to explode.

"It's not too late now! I will forgive you if you admit your fault and help us fight."

Satiel smiled.

"Who forgives whom?"

Combination and disassembly are twin concepts, but it was true that he was intimidated by the splendid and gigantic Methiel.

"There is nothing insignificant."

It was only when I heard Guffin's words that I was convinced.

'I'm not wrong.'

She proudly held out her hand and declared.

"Satiel, the Archangel of Disintegration, has decided to consider the Human Proposal based on her own judgment."

Methiel gritted his teeth.

"That... ...

"Stop it."

Ikael, who had dried up his internal strife, looked back at the Gaians filling the earth.

'There are no gaps.'

In order to break the Ultima System, it was necessary to subdue the giant pin, but Satiel's joining was essential.

"The eight archangels are of equal stature. I can't change Satiel's thoughts right now."

Metatron asked.

"Then what are you going to do?"

"We will have a meeting at Baekkyung. All angels under my command, return to Arabot immediately."

Ikael's voice spread over a wide radius.

"Today is a truce. Guffin, you should also persuade the Gaians to stop their advance."

Guffin asked while turning the hexa with the tip of his index finger.

"What about initialization?"

Perhaps Anke Ra would give up the reset, but Ikael didn't want to say it.

"It will be done according to God's will."

The seven archangels retreated towards Arrabot, and Satiel flew up belatedly.

Guffin asked.

"Are you okay? It sounds like you're going to get scolded."

"Huh, maybe so?" No regrets.

"See you later, wonderful human being." As Satiel walked away in a beautiful trajectory, the guffin scratched her head and headed towards Gaiain.

"Whoa, I stopped it for now... ... It looked like it would be a much longer war than expected.

The Valkyries under the command of the Holy Temple.

Rufist and Fleur, who arrived two hours after receiving the order from the General Commander, waited in front of an iron door that could not be opened.

Yu!- 1_ ?7 Ah

three counties?

Fleur, the chief secretary of the Magic Association, checked the time.

"I think the handover process will take a long time."

The moment he finished speaking, footsteps were heard outside the deep tunnel, and Dante appeared.

After confirming the faces of Lupist and Fleur, he calmly approached and lowered his head.

"Forgive me for being late. This is Dante, the second deputy director of the National Intelligence Service."

code black.

In the kingdom of Tormia, Dante was the only person other than the royal family who could read Black.

"yes. Is it spherical?"

I had gotten acquainted at a party hosted by the royal castle, but it was the first time we had a conversation.

"Yes. Sorry for not greeting you first. As you know, security is an important job."

Even a brief conversation with the head of the Magic Association would have spawned countless rumors.

"no. Before that." There was a time when the 5 most prestigious students gathered at the Magic Association ahead of the graduation exam administered by the Red Line.

"Ah yes."

Dante gave a puzzled answer to the nuance referring to his school days out of the blue.

"Alpheas Magic School is particularly memorable. Those students have become pros and are fighting hard."

'Was this his personality?'

Dante grasped his true intentions.

'Iruki.'

There was also Shirone, the strongest magician in mankind, but Iruki had the highest reputation externally.

"The head of the Magic Association and Code Black. I can guess why the general military summoned us. It won't be good for the kingdom."

It was an unspoken pressure that if you knew something, it would be better to tell it in advance.

Dante was speechless.

I knew from experience that nothing is more perfect than silence when it comes to maintaining security.

U huh rg?

The guide said as the iron door opened.

"Come in."

On the way to the underground bunker, Fleur asked for a handshake with Lou Fist.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Flu, the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association. Are you Shirone's friend? He is also very close with me."

"Yes. I've heard a lot about it."

"Ho-ho, is it? By the way, the NIS is also out of its mind, isn't it? I heard that the monks of Zion are in Tormia."

It was code black.

'Still, it's a good combination.'

Flu, who can speak in reverse, was a necessary talent for the cold-tempered Lufist.

In the end, Dante was silent again this time, and the three of them reached the end of the bunker without talking.

"Please go in." Sitting on the sofa covered with a blanket, this rookie said with an incontinent smile.

"I was waiting."

Dante had Iruki's face in his eyes.

'My complexion has gotten worse.'

Lufist politely bowed his head.

"I am Raphael Lufist, the president of the Tormia Magic Association. It is an honor to meet you."

When Fleur and Dante finished greeting each other, Rookie Lee offered a seat and said to Aromi.

"The car is done."

It was a signal to let no one in.

"We don't have much time, so let's go fast. It is a major human event. We need the cooperation of Tormia Kingdom."

Iruki explained the secret strategy.

"Bashka... ... ?"

A plan to blow it up with an elemental bomb.

"What is the current population of the capital'?"

Flu, who had been swallowing saliva with a pale face, hurriedly regained his composure and recalled his memory.

"About 6.5 million. It is during the war, so the floating population is wide, but the average

will be close to."

"6.5 million."

All that life turns to ashes and disappears.

"As you might have guessed, security is key to this operation. We will lure them all the way to the capital and annihilate them at once."

There was no objection to the strategy itself, but it was a shock to see the kingdom's capital fly away.

"First of all, the three of you who came here can live. Asking them to die even knowing it is a serious human loss."

The three did not answer.

"That's why I want to leave it up to you to judge. After all night long calculations, the limit on how many people can be taken out of this plan while maintaining security is... ... Iruki held out both palms. "100 people."

100 out of 6.5 million.

"This person must live in Baska, please select 100 people like that. Of course, I'm not going to make any criticism about it. I like my family, and I like people who are needed by society. Please write a list now and we will take care of it."

Rufist looked down at the blank paper Iruki held out.

'It was something like that.'

Strategize to blow up the capital

Godo realized why he didn't call the royal family.

cold world (2)

In the face of the last operation risking the extinction of mankind, the value of the king's name was not important.

'Me, Fleur, and Dante are enough for the practitioners needed to open the flower garden.'

That's why you got 100 options.

"All I can give you is one hour. Please select 100 people from among them."

Many thoughts crossed my mind.

Poor people who were alienated from the king, politicians, doctors, teachers, family members, and society.

After all, it was the same weight.

"The president of the association should start first." When no one acted, Iruki put down his pen and held it out.

"Valkyrie's total army."

Lufist bent his upper body and crossed his legs.

"It's no exaggeration to say it's at the top of the sky, but you look down on people."

Iruki was calm.

"What do you mean?"

"It means that I don't even have to step out. I will leave the judgment to this friend."

When Lufist pointed at Dante, Fleur and Iruki's gaze turned to the side.

Dante, lost in thought, raised his gaze and said:

"Iruki, to be honest, I feel bad." No answer was heard.

"great. Since the president's order has been issued, I have no choice but to make a difficult decision."

Contrary to the horse, Dante did not even glance at the pen and spread his arms.

"There is no one who needs to be saved."

At last, a smile appeared on Iruki's face.

gone

"Drop a bomb on the capital. It will be a carnage that will kill 6.5 million people. If I save 100 people, that information will be passed on to 1,000 people, and that 1,000 people will become 10,000... ...

The operation fails.

"It will run into uncontrollable territory. Are we ready to destroy the capital or not, you were testing it?"

all must die

No precious person, no needy person, no one can survive in Basuka.

"right. sorry."

Dante snorted.

"A single person like you is such a childish trick. You must have been cornered quite a bit too."

"To tell you the truth, yes. I will be the ringleader of this crazy carnage. If I'm going to remain a demon in history, at least I don't want to fail."

Knowing what Iruki was carrying, Dante stopped questioning.

"Anyway, are there really no problems with security? If it's a project of this scale, we're not the only ones who know about it."

"It's at a precarious level."

Iruki readily admitted.

"As you probably already guessed, not all die. The life of the conglomerate and the head of the related institution who invested a lot of money in this project is guaranteed. At least we will save the victim's children."

"A child. ambiguous If you're in the husband's position, even if you save your wife and children, you can't save your parents, right?"

"I'm not stupid enough to be greedy. They know better what will happen in that case."

Mice and birds would disappear without even noticing.

"Should I say I'm happy? I organized an assassination unit just in case, but they haven't moved yet."

Iruki raised his index finger.

"Rather, it was the unmarried people who had to be especially monitored. There are people who got married in a hurry to save their lover, but the holy war tolerated that." Rufist asked.

"How many were implicated in that way?"

"286 people."

Dante rested his chin on his chin and muttered.

"286 people."

As an expert in security and intelligence, it was an absolutely uncontrollable figure.

Iruki said.

"I know what you're thinking. So we are also watching through numerous channels on our own. One of them prides itself on being the best censorship system in the world."

'Mayray-kun.'

Dante knew through Armin that the Great Purifier's home was in the temple.

"We are under 24-hour surveillance. And the number of cases that have been caught in the temple's filter so far..."

Iruki laughed bitterly.

"There wasn't a single thing."

"Not even one?"

"yes. I couldn't even find a factor in the code zero, obsessive-suspect level. Therefore, from the temple's point of view, it can be affirmed that none of the 286 survivors leaked any information."

"haha. Kuck."

Lufist shook his shoulders and lowered his head.

"Perfect."

Normally, I'm impatient to reveal even a trivial secret.

'Ahead of the terrible event of the massacre of 6.5 million people... ...

no one speaks

In front of your parents and friends, you are acting out your daily life as if nothing happened.

'Ah, human.' Lupist's face was tearing up, and I couldn't tell whether he was laughing or crying.

"great."

His expression disappeared like a lie.

"We are not in a different position from them. The bottom line is that 6.5 million people will die. The problem is efficiency versus sacrifice, but can the demons be definitely annihilated?"

"My calculations are that if the strategy worked, the armies of Hell would suffer 91.3 percent manpower loss."

It was a good enough achievement.

"great. Then Basuka should be discarded, and the king should choose a new one... ... For Rufist, even the king was only a top-notch accessory to run the system called the nation.

"How are you going to make up for Tormia's losses after the war? Since the water supply is gone, self-regeneration will be impossible."

It will be eaten by other countries in an instant.

"The cost of restoration will be borne by the temple in full. Once the government is established, implement immigration policy. Provide a house and land and many will come."

Rufist squinted one eye.

"It sounds like a dream. Even if it is a temple, you will eventually have to collect funds from other countries.

It would be, but do you think the heads of each country will obey?"

"In addition to that, I will hand over all technology and data related to the elemental bomb to Tormia."

Lufist's eyes flashed for a moment.

"Even if it is a related industry, only I know the source technology. It can be used to keep other countries in check, or used as a bargaining chip. Above all, I am from the kingdom of Tormia. I will not allow my country to perish."

The last words moved Rufist.

'Well, 6.5 million includes Iruki's family.'

If he wasn't a madman, he would sell his soul before he died to take responsibility.

"great. according to the will of the temple. When the detailed strategies are issued, we will hand over all access to the flower garden."

Iruki turned his head to Dante.

"Time is running out to do it by mouth. I will deliver it through the 'rope'. Dante is in charge, so it's the safest way."

Lufist nodded and stood up, followed by Fleur and Dante toward the door.

Dante turned around at the door.

"What if we wrote down 100 people and submitted it?"

"... ... I wouldn't have been able to get out alive."

"In a word, he was very underestimated. Do you think it would have been possible?" Iruki returns an answer like a snarl

dodged

"You didn't write it down anyway."

Dante laughed.

He felt like a psychopath who could laugh at Baska's terrible future.

It's so unrealistic.

'It must be reality for you, Iruki.'

The face of Iruki that Dante was looking at was not that of someone who was already alive.

'He was a bad guy.'

The guy who had bothered me since the days of the Royal Magic School was now half a corpse.

"Take care of yourself. Then you really die."

To the words that couldn't be answered with a yes, Iruki just smiled helplessly.

"Dante."

Dante turned back at the voice calling.

"yes?"

"When the war is over... ...

Iruki's cautious eyes, even when he said a word, looked so lonely.

"Let's have a drink together."

Dante, filled with tears, felt his throat choke.

"??????yes."

I had no choice but to answer.

In order not to notice his reddened eyes, Dante immediately opened the door and left the room.

'You idiot! What kind of hero is Ji?'

As Dante quickly moved away, Fleur caught up naturally, taking a wider stride.

'The battlefield has now been moved to Tormia. Association will come to the fore. I need to figure out the factors of Zion.'

But for a moment, I read the emotion in Dante's eyes and shut my mouth.

'I'm a rational person... ... It was great anger.

'Damn it! Dog-like demons! I'll kill them all!' Flew, who found blood flowing from Dante's fist, did not ask anything in the end.

The Hideout of the Flower Tribe.

Rufist made some sort of deal with Flallino in exchange for the seed of the flower.

Rescuing 300 people suffering from all over the world and providing them with a safe home.

Flallino, who was once the Minister of Defense of Spectrum, was now living as an ordinary Chinese woman.

"Hello, Mr. Flallino."

A man of Grasse blood looked at Flallino and bowed his head with a plain smile.

"Yes, good morning."

The lineage of the violet tiara, which is said to be the most beautiful and fragrant among the flower family, shone even brighter under the sun.

"The sun is really sweet today. On a day like this, it's best to go to the 'garden' and sit still." Flareno covered his mouth and laughed.

"that's right. There is nothing better than basking in the sun without thinking about anything. Would you like to come with me?"

"Haha, of course."

Flallino spread his arms as he watched the sunlight filter through the branches.

"I love this place. No one wants to harm us, and above all, it is quiet."

"It's all thanks to Mr. Flallino. Everyone here is grateful."

"Ah, no. I......

Flarino's pupils, who had been waving their hands, shook at the sight of someone approaching from afar.

"Why is that?"

Where Flalino's eyes were directed, he saw Lou Fist and Dante walking side by side.

"Lupist... ...

Flallino's body trembled.

"Here you are. It just went well."

Rufist, who had strode toward Flallino, sighed and brought up the main topic.

"Where is your chieftain? Guide me."

The deal was already over, and Rufist promised not to get involved in the lives of the fire people.

"Um, what are you doing?"

"I don't have time to talk. It's an urgent matter. We should use the ability of small world creation."

cried Flalino.

"You promised! You handed over all the seeds of the flower! We just want to be in peace!"

"peace?"

Lufist, who grabbed Flallino by the collar, pulled him strongly and raised his face.

"Look at me. Look me straight in the eyes."

The man of the fire tribe thumped his butt, and Flallino's jaw trembled.

"Do I look sane now? What do you think you came here for? Do you want to finish it?"

"Huh... Huh...

As the 'extreme passivity', a characteristic of the Hwajok, was manifested, her mind went blank.

'How can you have eyes like this?'

It was the gaze at the pinnacle of an animal that could do anything to achieve what it wanted.

"This is your last chance. Guide them to the chieftain." Flarino's head fell helplessly.

"??????Yes."

what's the scariest thing in the world

If asked, her answer was unmistakably human.

cold world (3)

Dante looked around the town.

Instead of the concept of walls and roofs, it followed the unique residential style of solar roads.

The earth shone like a star as the sun came in along the tangle of trees.

'They eat food too, but in extreme conditions, they can survive with only water and sun.'

Of course, I never ate meat. A smile bloomed on Flallino's face as he followed the path to the sun, where the ceiling was open in a straight line.

"Ah, look at this sunlight. what a beautiful sky As you walk along this path of the sun... ...

He wanted to share the joy of the fire family, but what returned was Lufist's cold eyes.

"I'm sorry."

Contrary to expectations, Rufist looked up at the sky.

"Do you like the sun?"

"Yes? Oh, of course. For the Hwajok, the sun is the gift that brings them the greatest joy."

"I like you too."

Flallino's mouth fell open in a daze.

"I don't look up for no reason. How many human beings live thinking that there is a sky?"

"why? It's so good. You feel happy when you close your eyes while basking in the sunlight."

"happiness?"

Lufist laughed.

"You know what the first thing we threw away to build the system we have today? It's the object's happiness. It is fueled by the suffering of the entire population."

the fire man asked.

"What does that mean? If nobody can be happy, why would you do that?"

"To dominate you." "It is human to give up happiness if you can be superior. Shall we call it madness for the best? But a system that is more insane than ours has emerged."

The Hwajok did not leave the realm, but the situation was read through the small world creation.

"Which one is crazier will decide the winner of the system. Okay? Humans are in this world. But you guys say what the sun is like, what happiness is like."

Flallino bowed his head sullenly.

"I know we are a failed race. That's why you live in hiding."

"It is still too early to conclude."

When Flarino turned around with a surprised expression, Lufist shot the air with his index finger.

"anyway... ... The weather is killing it."

How long had it been since you realized that the sky exists and you can look at it?

'Is it time for me to retire too?'

Since when did you become sentimental?

"You are here."

In a sunny spot, a woman with black hair was sitting cross-legged.

'That woman... ...

Lufist stopped in his tracks at the rich scent of lotus flowers in the air.

"Are you a direct descendant of the Hwa clan?"

The woman smiled and bowed her head.

"Yes. It is said to be a protea of ??the Lotus lineage. Thank you for coming to such a humble place."

In return for the deal, he gave them a place to live, but he didn't really care who the chieftain was.

I only heard a report that there was a Hwajok who came on their own after the village was built.

'Lotus lineage. It remained.'

The beginning of the Hwajok is known as the lotus flower.

"A long time ago, an unknown Buddha sat on a lotus flower and devoted himself to seeking the truth for 40,000 years."

Protea said.

"It is said that the lotus, which neither withered nor died, heard about human life with the Buddha."

Lufist received it.

"And on the day the Buddha left, the lotus flower also realized incarnation and became a human being. That is the story of the birth of the Hwajok."

It's just a myth, but unless it's true, the reason for the diverse bloodlines of the Hwajok cannot be explained.

'It can't happen spontaneously. Unless the first Hwajok spreads through the small world creation... ...

Therefore, the Lotus lineage in front of you is the direct lineage of the Hwajok who attained enlightenment from the Buddha.

'It's annoying.'

If it was another fire tribe, it would be enough to intimidate them, but Protea was a formidable opponent.

"Yes. Our benefactor, Mr. Lupist, why did you stop by this place?"

"You know?"

It wasn't an exaggeration to say that if it was a direct descendant's ability, he controlled the entire forest beyond the village.

"Whoops. Yes, actually... ... . I heard Rufust's philosophy about the system. He must have faced a situation where he had to precisely control the flowers."

Dante readily admitted.

"Yes. It is a gigantic structure. We built a separate interface, but dozens of people are mobilized for precision work."

"On the other hand, if it were a small world creation, one fire person would be able to control even the nerve unit."

Rufist came out.

"If I knew, it would be quicker. If we lose, you can't survive either. You'd better cooperate."

"The fire tribe's judgment... ...

The smile disappeared from Protea's face.

"It's a refusal."

It was an unexpected answer, but Rufist was unstoppable.

"Then die."

Flarino screamed and jumped back as the blade soared around her.

"The strategy won't change without you alone. If you walk around holding your head, other fire tribes will join you."

Dante asked.

"Why? Half of the world has already been passed over to the demons. If humans are defeated, you will not be safe either."

"We die anyway."

The fire tribe's gaze was focused on her.

"There must be at least hundreds of ancient weapons, considering that they mobilize the entire fire family. If it is an enemy that cannot be stopped even with such powerful weapons, are we not victims?"

Rufist did not deny it.

"Human beings will pay the price too. He's risking everything to get it all, that's war."

"It is a human war. Suggest a means to ensure the survival of the fire tribe. Otherwise cooperation is impossible."

The Hwajok who had been listening in the forest appeared and activated the small world changyu.

The forest trembled, and a squirming sensation was transmitted, as if bundles of nerves were passing under the ground.

"huh."

The moment Lufist snorted, a blade bigger than a man rose up next to him.

"Keugh!"

Some fire tribes frowned, but Protea didn't even blink.

"Coercion is useless. You've had us do whatever you want, but you'll choose death yourself."

"I-I will do it."

All eyes were focused on Flallino.

"I will move the flowers, so don't fight. I've already done it, so I'm sure I'll do well."

Protea widened her eyes.

"Flarino, what are you doing? It's a battle where the fate of the entire family is at stake. There are no options."

"If you don't have a choice, at least you have to fight. If humans are defeated, the Hwajok will perish as well."

"No, if we're going to perish anyway, we won't help humans. Think of what they've done so far. I mocked your body and insulted your mind! Humans are the most selfish!"

"I know."

how could i forget

"But I think Mr. Rufist is different. He seems cold and unfeeling, but if he was really that kind of person... ...

Flarino's gaze turned to Lufist.

"I wouldn't have prepared a village for the Hwa tribe from the beginning. This is really the place we wanted." It was the best place.

"You are being deceived. In order for the author to use us in preparation for this situation... ...

"He said the weather was nice."

Flallino continued.

"I don't think that those who know the warmth of the sun don't know true happiness."

Her eyes were wet with moisture.

"You know, but you have no choice but to fight. Because not everyone can be happy, so be colder, colder... ... . But really, you want everyone to be happy, right?"

"no. I'm a cold guy And humans are evil. I can do anything for my purposes."

This was the reason why it was difficult for Lufist to deal with women.

'It's emotional in a strange place. Annoying.'

Who cares whether they are good or bad when there is an enemy approaching who would not be happy to rip them to death?

'You don't have to fight first. He said he had to come up with an optimal strategy and carry it out.'

But on the other hand.

It felt good knowing why we were fighting.

"Sigh."

After Lufist released the Spirit Zone, Dante also reaped his murderous intent.

"Okay, let's talk it out. I will do my best to help you survive. Did that happen?"

"Nope. We need a solid guarantee." Just as the veins stood on Rufist's temples, a woman's voice was heard from the forest.

"I will take care of that."

Lufist and Dante's pupils, which looked where the voice came from, moved with afterimages.

' fast.' Just the speed of escaping out of the field of vision pushed my vigilance to the limit.

Protea's eyes shook.

"you are... ...

She was a woman with sharper ears than humans, a pale face, and clear eyes like springs.

"hello?"

Waving her hand brightly, she turned around and Lufist recognized her face.

"Enox."

He was the representative of the fairy tribe, one of the kings of the temple.

"Yes. I came because the commander-in-chief asked me to go. They said maybe it would be helpful if I went."

Dante's eyes widened.

'If this is going to happen, at least tell me in advance.'

As Portea knelt down, the remaining fire tribes followed her and bowed.

"Lord of the forest."

"It's been a while. As expected, the Hwajok smells good."

Enox raised his index finger and said.

"Anyway, don't worry about the war. We elves will step in and protect the Hwajok."

"... ... Are you saying that elves will also participate?"

"Of course it should."

"Why are you for human beings? They are destroying the nature we cherish."

"Exactly."

Enox said while caressing Protea's chin.

"Humans are thrilling."

That night.

Tormia's capital.

While King Adolf was on sick leave, Rufist and Fleur attended a royal dinner.

While Pony, a graduate of Alpheas Magic School, attended, small talk

went.

"The world situation has reached a critical point. There are many people who have gone bankrupt after investing in other countries."

Even now, while the war with the demons was in full swing, the royal family was only interested in increasing their wealth.

'It's the most unreal space.'

Rufist quietly continued his meal.

'It needs something like that, the system.'

An accessory that only cries out for an ideal in a place completely separated from reality.

"Anyway, this chief of staff is quite cute. I didn't like the last woman because she was fierce."

Flew smiled.

"Thank you for a good look." Taking advantage of her tossing mood, Lu Fist brought up her difficult request.

"Asmodians will invade Tormia. I want to move the capital's garrison."

"The Royal Guard?"

For the royal family, the air became heavy for a moment because it was a military force that was no different from the last bastion.

"Yes. Don't worry. Because we have a flower garden. We just need troops to do support missions."

Everyone dies anyway.

It was Rufist who wanted to use everything that was available if he was going to be annihilated.

"Well, if there is a flower garden, it is safe. Because Tormia has the world's strongest defense."

The person who made it happen was Rufist.

"By the way... ...

The thick-browed royalty alternately pointed at Lufist and Fleur with a fork.

"How is it, the compatibility of the dragonfly? Why, there were rumors like that before. I heard you're the chief secretary killer. Fuhahaha!"

The royals burst into laughter.

Regardless of the truth of the rumors, they just wanted to see the reaction of the Magic Association President and Chief of Staff.

"Nothing??????

Rufist's expression did not change.

"It's not much fun. Rather, the former chief of staff was much better."

"Ohh? is it? Well, Miss Flew is too skinny. Eat this and gain some weight."

Flu puffed up his cheeks.

"This is very self-defeating. The taste of the association president is strange. I can't confirm it."

"Why not? Leave it to me. My stamina is recognized in the world."

"Aww! That's kind of scary."

While the royals exploded in laughter, only Pony was not laughing.

'It was a lie.'

I know because I went to magic school.

The cold emotion in the eyes of the two wizards who were faking laughter.

'Pro mage. But not political enough to please royalty. And the Royal Guard.'

A shiver ran down Pony's spine.

'A great thing is about to happen.'

cold world (4)

After the dinner with the royal family, Lupist and Fleur were silent for a long time after they left the palace.

Horses, horses, horses.

It was because of the stress of having to interpret all the words according to the standards of others.

"I'm sorry."

Flew frowned.

"What?"

"just."

There was nothing I couldn't do to explain it, but it was annoying to hear the dirty talk of the royal family again.

"President of the association."

Flew sighed and turned his head.

"Aren't you getting too sentimental lately? I know you're facing a gigantic event, but... ...

"Sentimental?"

I?

"It has no special meaning. It was something you didn't have to face, so I did my own favor."

"Then it makes me feel worse." said Fleur with a displeased look.

"If the former chief of staff, not me, had suffered the same thing, would he have apologized?"

Jane's face came to mind.

I wouldn't have even said sorry.

'Because it was a perfect combination.'

Realizing the rudeness, Rufist returned to his usual form and asked coldly.

"What's going on?"

A smile finally appeared on Fleur's face.

"Since the royal family's approval has fallen, we can operate an additional 200,000 castle guards. If you place the drum line at the head, you will be able to lure the demons."

"What is the expected time of the opening?"

"According to Dante, there are 16 hours left. I have to finish all the organization in it."

"I will pass it on to command. Any other matters?"

Flew brought out what he had been hiding.

"Perhaps Mr. Pony noticed. It was the same laugh as ours."

Lufist also knew.

"It has a different disposition from other royal families. You graduated from a magic school, and don't you have quite a bit of social experience?"

Participating in a world beauty contest is considered a social experience.

"What should I do?"

It was a short but eerie question.

'If you've noticed... ...

If you want to get rid of it, you need to do it now, as revealing it to other royals will ruin the strategy.

"What do you think?"

"It would be nice to do it. As a mage, he is an excellent talent, but it is not a matter of relying on odds."

It was destined to die anyway.

"... ... I will send someone."

He's smart, but his magic skills aren't that great, so Hitman would be better than Assassin.

"Yes. So next... ...

Just as Flew was about to present his next agenda item, Pony appeared on the street.

The two people's steps stopped abruptly, but their expressions did not change like machines.

"Are you on your way to the Magic Association?" Rufist, who was polite to the royal family, asked.

"Miss Pony, what are you doing here?"

Pony, who was looking at Lufist and Fleur alternately, lowered her upper body as if determined.

"Please save me."

It was a national shock for the royal family to bow their heads, but Rufist remained calm.

"You want me to live? What's going on?"

"I don't know."

Pony bit her lip and looked up.

"I'm asking for help because I can't even imagine what's going to happen."

'Certainly smart.'

It took only 10 minutes for him to realize that he could not respond to the danger and give up all power.

'The king is an illusion... ...

It was undeniable that it was the key to bringing the nation together in the shortest amount of time.

'It'll be fine.'

Rebuilding with the puppet king at the fore, too.

"How far can you give up?"

He had already made up his mind, but Pony realized that it was the last time and was determined.

"It is everything."

In order to succeed the king of the new era, Pony could give up being human.

'Mental murder.'

In order to survive in the hell where the demons run, you need to have this level of madness to talk about it.

"I'll send you a separate message."

Rufist said as he passed Pony.

"It won't take long."

"Ah, what kind of lightning is this?"

Daris, who was packing up in the barracks of the royal castle, felt like the sky was collapsing.

'Dog-like royalty. Capital garrison, that also places a military band in front?'

Colleagues felt the same way.

"How strange. I didn't hear any information until yesterday. Calling us out of nowhere... ...

I had an ominous feeling.

"Everybody gather!"

At the command of the battalion commander, the grumbling soldiers grabbed their drums and ran to the parade ground.

"listen carefully! From now on, we will march rapidly for four hours to reach the Denan Plain. There, it will serve to lure the armies of Hell!"

The soldiers whispered.

"I have a question! Why are the royal castle guards mobilizing? Military bands are deployed for each division."

"The entire military band organized under Tormia will gather in Denan Plain."

The hum grew louder.

"The entire military band?"

Even at a rough estimate, it was close to 3,000 people.

"For that reason, we are also participating, but there is no need to take it seriously. As soon as we lure in the armies of hell, we will drop out and the infantry will be sent in."

It was a welcome sound to hear, but the danger of being on the front line still lurked.

'Is the probability of death about 5 percent? Then 150 out of 3,000 will die... ...

Everyone was thinking the same thing.

"Then now go back to the barracks and pack your things. We will gather here again in 20 minutes! dissolution!"

The soldiers returned quickly, and Daris also took care of his military equipment with a distraught mind.

"Daris."

When I turned around at the voice I heard at the entrance, Hanea, the royal court lady, was standing there.

"uh? How are you?"

At first, they were childhood friends.

Daris confessed first, and Haneah politely declined after thinking about the day.

Because she had suffered enough to get love sickness, her colleagues were also surprised by her appearance.

"Can I talk to you for a minute?" The squad leader put Darris on the shoulder. "Go and come. I have the army

I will."

Putting off all feelings of gratitude until later, Darris took Hanea outside.

"what's the matter? It's office hours now."

"I heard you. You said you were competing?"

If it was the Royal Handmaid, the news was quick.

"Ahaha! How come I can't... ... . No, it's something you have to do, of course.

It's a bit risky, but... ...

"I will wait."

"yes?"

Glancing at Daris, who doubted her ears and asked back, Hanea gently blushed her cheeks.

"I've been thinking about it a lot, and you're right. It would be nice to start over."

"So that means... ... you and me... ...

Hanea's face moved gently up and down.

"Come back quickly, don't step out in front of me, and do whatever you can to live."

Darris took a deep breath.

After such a short meeting, when he returned to the barracks, all his colleagues turned their heads.

"how? talk well...

The moment they saw Daris' eyes glowing with life, everyone opened their mouths in a daze.

"I will definitely come back alive." certainly.

After completing the rapid march of 4 hours, the Wangseong military band joined another military band. A drum line of up to 3,000 people was formed in the vast Denan Plain, and the sky was calm.

Darris desperately calmed the trembling hands holding the stick.

'calm down. Nothing. I'll play the drums for about an hour, then I'll just take it out.'

The military band leader raised the flag.

"power!"

The sound of sticks hitting the drum continues in perfect order.

"March!"

Doo doo doo doo doo doo!

The drums of the fastest beat began to shake the plain like thunder.

The lead drum line moved a kilometer before the infantry followed.

'The distance from the lifeline is 1 kilometer.'

When you lure the demons, you will have to run like crazy for at least 500 meters to reverse the position.

After 30 minutes, the result of beating the drum to the point where my hands were cramped was revealed.

Demons with reddish skin were approaching, shaking the ground over the horizon.

'What's so many?'

It was more than enough to fill the entire horizon of the Denan Plain.

'I can't beat that! I have to run away!'

Everyone felt the same way, but the retreat flag of the military band leader was still not moving.

Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As the tremor equivalent to an earthquake passed through the soles of my feet, the colleagues next to me shed tears.

"Aww! Aaaaaa!"

Daris didn't lose and let out an evil roar.

"Patience! retreat quickly! I have to go now!"

The moment the 3,000 lives were focused on the military band leader, the retreat flag waved.

"Shit!" Darris, removing the belt around his neck and throwing down his drum, ran towards his infantry in the distance.

The race between life and death has begun.

"Ha ha ha! shoot! Shoot!"

Arrows resembling vertebrae flew up into the sky from the group of demons and poured down like rain.

The distance was still far, but several arrows from the bow pierced the body of the military band.

"Cheak!"

After confirming the collapsing colleagues on the left and right, Daris clenched his teeth and pulled his thighs.

'I can live! I can live!' The military band leader's judgment was good, and there were fewer victims than expected.

'5 percent, no, 3 percent. Never go in there! I can't go in!'

Hanea is waiting.

'let's get married. Let's go on vacation together and have dinner at a restaurant with a nice atmosphere! yes! I'm going to do a lot of naughty things!'

The moment the foot soldiers were caught in sight, tears poured out.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

That moment.

"Ouch!"

An arrow made of thick bones passed through the back of Darris' neck and came out.

Darris, who fell forward, struggled, groping for the body of an arrow stuck in the ground.

"Ouch! Kuck!"

When I looked up with a shocked expression, I met the eyes of the squad leader who turned around.

"Live, live... ... save me... ...

The moment he reached out his hand, the squad leader's pupils shook for a moment.

"please??????

Soon, he drove Daris out of his line of sight and ran towards the front with all his might.

"Oh, no... ... !"

God is careless.

'Why me! Among many people, why am I! Haneah, Haneah told me!'

What kind of resentment does God have to punish a young man who has just begun to love?

'I don't want to die! please, please someone...

He was only there where the arrow had been shot and had flown along with the inertia of the world.

'I can't die! It can't end like this!'

I just couldn't run faster.

"Aaaaaaa!"

He tried with all his might to pull out the arrow, but his neck stuck in the protuberance did not budge.

"Ha ha ha."

cold world.

"Want to see... ...

n~i~I?r~rn~i?rn"!

As the infernal armies advanced, they trampled Darris' body to death.

"Ha ha ha! kill! Kill a human!"

Just before the last piece of his brain shattered, Darris suddenly had a thought.

'If only I hadn't come here.'

Even if it meant losing my job, if I had given up everything and left with Hanea.

' Why?'

Did you think you could live?

'Because you got a confession from the woman you love? Because there's only a 5 percent chance of dying?'

No matter what you want, no matter what you want, the wheel of the law just turns like a machine.

'I had a chance... ...

A chance to give up everything.

Just before losing consciousness, Daris seemed to hear a voice passing through his mind.

save yourself

Whether it was an hallucination caused by the brain or a message from God, only he should have known.

Scale of eagerness (1)

Omega Year 666.

"Save yourself."

Looking at the black rain falling from the sky, the guffin murmured in a low voice.

expunge code.

It was the last resort chosen by Ankera after the second reset failed.

"Sojeonghwa."

The black rain melted everything it touched and was erasing the scenery on the ground.

"Are you planning on not going this time?" Argones, who was leaning against the wall of the cave where the guffin was hiding, asked.

"Or can't I come out?" Even though they were in the same space, the guffin, whom they had treated as nonexistent until now, opened their mouth for the first time.

"I thought Taeseong would come?"

Argones shrugged.

"As you can see... ...

I could imagine what she would be like as everything rising above the horizon melted away.

"It's not safe here either. There is nowhere to run. All life on earth will perish. Do you feel responsible?"

The Gaians exploded their population to strengthen the Ultima system.

"It was too bad. Even Anchera was overloaded. But look. The result is this."

Sojeonghwa.

"Anke Ra chose to accept the apostasy and reduce the population. Ultima is weakened, and you guys can't win."

"Isn't it strange?"

Guffin smiled bitterly.

"A lot of things happened when the Gaians weren't mentally perfected. Kill your own people or discriminate against the weak. We called it evil." Gaia who achieved an integrated mental system

There was also a period of conflict and antagonism among people.

"But Anke Ra defined Gaia as a whole as evil. It must mean that leaving the photon system is a greater evil than murder or any other crime."

Argones said.

"Our mission is system perfection. Murder and the departure of the photon system are no different in that they disrupt the world in a broader sense. Of course, leaving the photon system is much more dangerous."

"I guess so."

God may have to be indifferent.

"If God had a mind, this world would be hell."

"Accept. The mind is an uncontrollable signal. That is why the world behind it exists."

The system is stabilized by purifying the powerful emotions that have flowed into hell.

"Time is the same. Without 0.666 seconds of every second, the photon signal is not stable. According to the relativity the object feels, absolute time is destroyed."

"yes. Everything is a matter of the heart." That is why.

"I don't like this world." It's so cold.

"I can imagine how sick Taeseong must be, but how are you? It feels like all living things are disappearing."

All matter flowed down, and a huge black river flowed in the world.

"Sad."

Argones looked up at the sky.

"It is what you caused. Anchera tried to give them immortality through the system of coercion."

"Eternal life."

Among the creations Argones created, there were lifeless creatures, but they were not truly eternal.

"It is easy to get rid of the concept of lifespan. actually you too But in the end, death is the end. Even if you live for 100 million years, the moment you die, all processes are instantaneous. True eternal life is transcending the cycle of life and death."

If it is a cowardly system, it is possible.

"Even now it is not too late. Give up resistance and submit to Anchera's will. Enter the next world."

If the Gaians cut off the cowardice, all the upper universes will one day disappear.

said the guffin.

"Dream Dream again in that dream. If I dream endlessly like that, I don't think I'll ever wake up... ... On the one hand.

"In the first world, time continues to flow. When the sun rises and the tiredness wears off, you wake up eventually."

Argones objected.

"But you never wake up. Because the consciousness of the subject keeps digging into the dream."

A huge contradiction created by time and mind.

"Think carefully, Guffin. It is a world that began with one unique and irreversible illusion. If you block the coward, everything will disappear. There will be nothing again. Don't you see how terrible it is?"

Even if it was an infinite wizard, thinking about the state of infinite infinity gave a terrifying thrill.

"... ... I have a favor."

Argones had no intention of helping, but was interested in the request of the Guffin.

"what?"

"help me."

Argones could not find words to answer.

"Of course I will fight. But you don't want the world to end like this, do you?"

"therefore? What do you want me to do?"

"Only two... ...

Guffin raised his index and middle fingers.

"Please allow only two people to avoid Sojeonghwa. No matter how much you hate it, isn't what you made small?"

"There is no way to avoid it. Ankera's dispensing code will not cease until all creatures are gone."

"Why are you like this, players?" "I know how many species you have created. Surely we are not the only ones in this universe?"

"The universe is not wide. Since it's based on photon signals, it's just confined to the light-speed barrier. The number of creatures is also much smaller than you think."

"rather... ... It sounds like there isn't '?"

Argones, who was stabbed to the point, finally opened his mouth.

"Terraforce."

"Hoo? Are they of the same species as us?"

"Not different. The Gaians are a race that has developed their minds to the limit. Dragon, on the other hand, has reached the pinnacle of intelligence. If each is a quantum code and a photon code, Terraforce is located in the middle."

"Hmm, in the middle."

What can contain both mind and information?

"sound."

It was the correct answer.

"yes. Terraforce is a race that has raised the wave to the limit. As much as the technical skill, it surpasses Gaia. Because information can be transmitted across the light-speed barrier."

This meant that intergalactic travel was possible.

"Awesome."

"It is an excellent race. They are much more stable, pious, and strict than you."

Argones' emotions were conveyed through sound.

"Yeah, I'm sorry for being the youngest race. Anyway, will you convey my intentions to Terraforce?"

It was the point again.

"Why should I? It's not that you don't like it. The problem is the link. Among the numerous races, there must be a reason why Gaians are linked to Ideas, but my conclusion is a failure. You guys are destabilizing the world."

Guffin suggested.

"Okay, so let's do this. When two Gaians open a new world, Terra Force will judge. If even the new humanity descends into chaos, you may destroy it."

"O uh"

--- The ?

Argones rested his chin.

"Do it right. Does the range you mentioned include the departure of the photon system? No one should have access to the secrets of the world."

"Sure. Even if we lose, I want those who remain to live to the end. Even if it is an eternal dream."

Tsk tsk tsk.

The body of Argones, who quickly clicked his tongue and was deep in thought, gradually began to seep into the floor.

"Choose two people."

Voices echoed in the cave where he disappeared.

"I will send an ark."

Arabot, the sacred place of God.

The spire that pierced the sky was the only place on the planet where the [B] did not fall.

"The war is over."

In the angel's room, Ikael caught the flow of the black river outside the window.

"They will fight."

When I turned my gaze, Satiel was beside me before I knew it.

"Aren't you still stubborn? Gaiain will be annihilated with this. The Ultima system will also disappear."

"If that is indeed the case, then we must also have lost access to the secrets of the world."

Ikael kept his mouth shut.

The fight with Gaiain, which he was so sick of, was over, but it felt like a corner of his heart had been pierced.

"Why are you on the side of humans?"

Ikael asked.

"The secret of the world? Even if you don't have that, as long as you win, it doesn't matter. Is that really the only reason?"

"No way."

Satiel smiled as he saw a hexagon of light spreading across the horizon.

"There is just one more."

"Whoa, damn it."

The Gaians who hid under the hexagonal light opened by the Guffin gasped for breath.

"Is everyone okay?"

Patran, the representative of Gaia, raised his eyes.

"Guffin."

A person who breaks away from the concept of lifespan and endlessly follows the long history of Gaia.

"It's none of your business. We must protect the Ultima system no matter what."

"Then they all die."

Standing in front of the momentum that would melt the entire planet, even the Guffins could not use their hands.

"Is there a way?"

"one thing. No, I should say 0.5 things. But before we do, there are things we need to do first."

"What are you going to do?"

Guffin brought up the story of the ark.

"Select two people?"

"yes. Even if minimization can be prevented, 90 percent of Gaians will disappear. But are you going to fight to the end?"

Patran nodded.

"No matter who wins, humanity must be maintained. With that in mind, we decided to send two people."

Because they were connected through Ultima, they did not go through the complicated process of meeting.

"They must be the two people you love the most."

As if they had promised, everyone turned to the couple.

"I-over there... ...

A weak-looking man and a woman with big eyes and an innocent look walked by.

Looking at them who had to go on a long journey, Guffin smiled.

"What is your name?"

"Yes? Ah yes. This is Adam."

Guffin nodded and looked to the side.

"It is a release."

Adam and Lilith.

It was a name with a mission to become a new human on the planet to arrive in the future.

"yes. Details will be heard in the Ark. Now you guys will live endlessly like me. We must trust and love each other under any circumstances. Never cross the forbidden line. World chaos will come."

The two nodded their heads as if resolving.

"Yes. Do not worry. I love Adam, and I have the confidence to be with him for the rest of my life."

The moment Lilith's eyes sparkled with determination.

'That woman... ...

Shirone's heart sank as he accepted Omega's record.

Although their appearances were completely different, the light in her eyes resembled someone in the present.

'Uorin?'

It was Mitochondrial Eve's eyes.

"yes. Be sure to remember. Both good and evil are all defined by you. You must never lose Ultima."

At the time when the guffin was finally determined, a huge disk-shaped flying object appeared through the clouds.

"ark."

It was the technological power of the race that would judge humans in the future.

"good. I'll let you go."

Patran asked.

"What are you thinking? It is a powerful enough authority for an administrator to abolish it. Hexa won't be able to stop it."

"Until I know what it is."

"then?"

"I will swallow it."

A guffin took off with a smile towards the black rain that obliterated everything.

The moment Hexa's defenses hit the rainwater, it shattered, and her body entered the black cloud.

"To save yourself?"

Gurfin gritted his teeth in pain as his body burned.

"Don't talk nonsense."

Miracle Stream.

With the explosion, a huge hole of light formed and began sucking in the surrounding clouds.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Ankera's Wrath, Destroy the Whole World

Feelings of not being good enough hit Guffin.

Scale of eagerness (2)

* * ?

Omega Year 689.

The population of Gaia, who was strong enough to hold Ankera in check, has rapidly decreased since Sojeonghwa.

"Ataraxia."

As Ikael's judicial halo shone, six archangels charged Gaia.

"Damn it... ... !"

As the population decreased due to smallization, the power of 'Hand of God' was also significantly reduced.

"Ragnarok."

As Uriel, engulfed in white electricity, ran, a huge road opened in a space filled with humans.

"Stay in line!"

Methiel clicked his tongue as the Gaians came together in perfect order, as if cells were repairing wounds.

"Are you still struggling?" The age of rebellion is upon us.

Dodging the 'Hand of God' attack, she raised her hand toward the sky.

"Small and Medium Speed ??Bullets."

Hundreds of tons of metal filling the sky were shot at speeds exceeding the speed of sound.

It was as powerful as a small-scale meteorite impact, and the Ultima system was greatly shaken.

"Hold on! For a new era!"

Before the Hand of God regained its form, Rayel, the archangel of light, penetrated and swung his fist.

It was an extremely simple attack, but there was no way to block the physical quantity passing at the speed of light.

"Ultima System!"

In Gaia's core, an intangible barrier swelled like a balloon and rapidly expanded.

"huh."

As Rayel gave the power, the horizontal flash endlessly penetrated the defense.

pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!

Following the trajectory of the flash, a powerful chain of explosions caused high fever and bit the tail.

"Does everything have to die to be fulfilled?"

Rayel, who flew into the sky, raised her chin arrogantly while rotating the accelerator.

"Direct?"

Light entered Gaia's eyes.

"Did you tell me?"

As the billions of voices unified into one, the Hand of God clenched its fists.

"It's the same pattern. It doesn't work anymore."

At that time, Rayel turned the judicial halo at the speed of light and prepared to jump out.

"Please stop it!"

Satiel stepped in and spread her arms.

"This is enough of a fight. If one side is annihilated at this rate, it will be a loss for everyone."

Rayel snorted.

"Back off, Satiel. The reason I left you alone so far is because I acknowledged the position of neutrality. But if you take the side of humans, the story is different."

"I am not taking anyone's side. They are saying that there is no point in continuing the war like this."

The Gaians thought.

'It doesn't make any sense?'

Of those who decided to leave the photon world, only Guffin remains.

'yes. Why are we fighting?'

It was so long ago that I forgot what I was fighting for.

Satiel said to the representative.

"Request a truce. There is also a way for angels and humans to work together to create a new world."

"I have come too far for that. If this is the end, what about the war of the ancestors who have been going on for eons? Over 100 billion human beings who died from Sojeonghwa?"

Ikael amplified his voice.

"Do you still think you are gods? See, the war is lost and the face is pitiful. As far as I know, there is no such god anywhere."

A voice was heard from the ground.

"Could you be shabby than me?"

Ikael frowned as the ragfin guffin gasped and limped.

'Does he fight even at that point?' The figure of him who swallowed Ankera's wrath alone was as good as a dead man.

'Although So Jung-hwa was blocked.'

Anger enough to destroy the entire world was not a size that one human being could handle.

Ikael gritted his teeth.

'A foolish human.'

The fall of the formidable enemy was exhilarating, but on the other hand, it was heartbreaking to see his broken figure.

'Well, I fought for a really long time.' from the beginning until now.

"Stop giving up, Guffin. Gaia has declined, and your condition is not normal. This war is our victory."

Guffin gave a dry smile.

"I can't."

"Why? Why are you trying to carry everything on your own? It must be difficult even to swallow small flowers and keep your spirits up."

As the heart-wrenching pain deepened again, Guffin frowned and grabbed his chest.

"Big!"

"You arrogant and arrogant one. You are not gods. It's just a mutation that destroys the stability of the world."

"Maybe."

Guffin meekly admitted.

"We might be the world-destroying errors. Among them, I must be the worst error."

"You know, stop. It's overwhelming just to deal with So Jeong-hwa's wrath, so why are you trying to fight?"

"Because I hate it."

Guffin opened his eyes.

"I hate this cold world so much. Now it doesn't matter if it's God or not. I will become a god."

"Don't mistake delusions for reality. It is a perfect world. We are beings born of the law."

"Is that a god?"

Ikael kept his mouth shut.

"Once you make it perfect,

Is everything over?"

From this point on, Guffin's philosophy completely denies the law of the world.

"To the subject of the great name of God, to the world he created, and to the creatures living in that world... ... !"

A huge hexagonal light appeared.

"Are you saying you can't even have the slightest pity!"

A tornado of light swept across the radius as the Miracle Stream created a Dragon Fist.

Mattiel murmured.

"I am not crazy. Mad with rage." At the same time, 6 archangels reversed the Miracle Stream and attacked the Guffin.

The world shook at the combination of the highest concepts, and thunder and lightning fell from the sky.

'I thought I was ruined... ... Still, a guffin was a guffin.

As the equal battle continued, Ikael opened his eyes and opened Ataraxia.

The Archangel's power was amplified to the limit.

"Got it!"

The six people who imprisoned Guffin in the area of ??Movement Zero struck the strongest blow at the same time.

'It's over. It can never be avoided.' When Rayle is sure.

"Great!"

The guffin, revealing the whites of its eyes, drew the Miracle Stream toward itself.

'Something like a cold world!'

The smoke of light compressed between his palms and glowed brilliantly.

'I can't admit it!'

brake.

"what... ... !"

As the impenetrable inertia rushed in, the six archangels flew in the same direction.

Even in the middle of the attack, no archangel understood the current situation.

"Uh, how... ...

Realizing it for the first time, Ikael forgot even the prestige of the archangel and accepted the thrill.

"I stopped spinning."

The planet braked for about three seconds, and volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, and tsunamis occurred across the continent.

'Only one human... ...

Does that mean that even the laws of the universe will change if you wish with all your heart?

Ikael muttered involuntarily.

"God with a heart... ... say?" If only there was a God who could look down on the world endlessly and sympathize with the suffering of the creatures.

'Under the mercy of that god.'

Angels, humans, mountains and seas, fields and trees.

'There is nothing insignificant.'

The two hands of the guffin rushing at the archangels were ablaze with the light of the Miracle Stream.

"I will become a god!"

Just as Uriel raised his arms and took a defensive stance, Guffin's eyes suddenly opened wide.

"Gagging!"

Then he spurted a gourd of blood, losing his temper and staggering in pain.

'damn!'

Ankera's wrath surged again, shocking the entire cell.

Uriel rotated the wheel of paradise.

"... ... Do not resent me."

Guffin hurriedly activated Hexa, but before it could be completed, the Gon of Paradise struck his stomach.

As if it had evaporated, the body of the guffin flew like an arrow.

"no!"

Satiel shouted and spread her angel wings.

"S-T-L!" Due to Ikael's powerful voice that shook the world, she was unable to pursue Guffin.

"Huh!"

The image of Ikael looking down with his huge ataraxia open was by far the noblest.

"Satiel, I cannot tolerate your self-indulgence any longer. I command you, do not move one step."

Orders were given to Satiel, but none of the angels left their seats.

'It's the first time I've seen him so angry.' Ikael turned his body in the direction the guffin flew.

"I will make the decision myself. You guys should stop the Gaians here."

I thought it was right to finish at least Guffin with my own hands.

Ikael, who landed at the end of the trail scratched the ground, looked straight ahead.

"Is it you again? I'll settle for this."

The body of the guffin leaning against a pile of collapsed rocks was stained with blood.

"It's pitiful, human."

Ikael moved slowly.

"We fought for a long time. If I had known that the end would be so shabby, I would have done it right away."

"Kuk-kuk. Kuk-kuk-kuk."

asked Guffin, his shoulders trembling and laughing.

"How do you feel? The feeling of defeating the strongest enemy who was hindering you."

"It is neither good nor bad. I am a noble archangel, humans have no feelings."

"I see."

Guffin recalled.

Angry, annoyed, embarrassed, sometimes... ... Ikael, who even smiled.

"Well, history belongs to the victors. Record whatever you want. But tell me the truth about being handsome."

"Is that all there is to a will?" Guffin looked up at the sky and thought, but it was a burden he did not want anyone to bear.

"yes."

Sparks flew in Ikael's eyes.

"You are arrogant to the end. You went to the brink of defeating a god with a human body, and you have nothing to leave behind for future generations?"

"What can I do? It fit right." Ikael, who spread his wings, set the capital like a knife and flew out with great speed.

M | 99

Sudou stopped right in front of her eyes, and Guffin asked, looking at her fingertips calmly.

"what's the matter? Are you really affectionate?"

"shut up."

It was a moment I had dreamed of my whole life, but when the situation came, everything was confused.

"Surrender."

Ikael said.

"Even now it is not too late. Raise the white flag and surrender. I will take responsibility and protect you."

"You said you didn't like it."

"Calm down! I said I'd help! I will go down in history as a draw."

Guffin didn't blink an eye.

"Do you like me?"

"Don't talk nonsense. I'm not doing this because I like you. When you die, that hexa... ...

The possibility that everyone can be linked.

"Are you really going to end it like this? Was your mercy for examining the world just this much?"

"Impossible."

A hexagonal hexa floated on top of Guffin's palm with a clear sound.

"The hexa is a signal that descends from the higher dimension to the lower dimension. Same as Edea. But in order to link you guys, you have to fire signals from the lower dimension to the higher dimension in the reverse order."

"It's incredibly difficult. It's as if the picture breaks through the paper and pops out into reality."

Ikael's eyes twinkled.

"Impossible?"

"But."

Guffin pointed at the asteroid.

"I don't know if Hexa's signal can be infinitely amplified with Ataraxia."

Ikael, who reviewed the possibilities with the senses of an archangel, shook his head gloomily.

"no. can't combine Even if it amplifies everything, the hexa is a signal outside the law."

"I can't be certain."

"yes?"

As Ikael blinked, Guffin pushed Hexa toward the asteroid.

"Shall we try?"

Scale of eagerness (3)

Ikael looked at the Hexa spinning in front of him for a long time.

"What are you going to do?"

"As you can see. I'm planting hexa in your mind. Of course you have to accept it."

The spirit of the angel was the celestial body.

"After accepting?"

"You will find out about me. Of course, I will also get to know you through Hexa."

Ikael twisted his lips to the side.

It was somehow unpleasant for a human to infiltrate the mind of a noble angel.

'But.'

If that human spirit is Hexa.

"If I accept Hexa, will I be able to reach the same level as you?"

Guffin shook his head.

"Understanding is the process of extracting and reconstructing information based on known information. Hexa is outside the law."

"That's what I mean. If I can't handle hexa anyway, there's no need to do this, right?"

"What realization... ...

Guffin chose his words carefully.

"Sometimes you only understand the process once you reach the outcome. If you can't get it yourself, blindly believing is one way. You have nothing to lose, right? It may seem crazy now, but you'll know I'm right when it's all over."

Ikael also understood Guffin's words because he was also a being who had reached a high state of mind.

'But believing is another matter.' No, to be honest, during the eons of fighting, there was no doubt about Guffin's personality.

'just... ... I feel strange.'

Is this fear or excitement?

"I say it again, there's nothing to lose, right? I'm already groggy. If you don't like it, it doesn't matter if you kill me then."

"good."

Ikael nodded.

"But if you do nonsense, then ask for no more mercy."

"Leave it to me."

As Guffin smiled and held out his hand, Ikael, who had been hesitant, slowly lowered his head.

"ah??????

The moment Hexa squeezes into the asterism.

"Huh!"

Ikael's eyes widened.

As the information called Hexa melts in the melting pot of the mind, the senses are integrated into one... ... .

'Nonsense!'

It was a shocking bliss incomparable to any other pleasure in Ikael's life.

'Become one.'

It felt like I had conquered all of the guffins, and it felt like everything had been conquered by the guffins.

'no. We can't be like this.'

There is no resistance to the enemy's philosophies, and the feeling of wanting to accept everything even if he is wrong.

"Ahhh... ...

Guffin's whole life was thrown into it.

'How painful it must have been.'

What he is angry about and what he is sad about, everything including things that cannot be conveyed in words.

'It's an intention to swallow me.'

Seizing a bit of reason, Ikael desperately tried to drive away the Guffin.

'no. I hate to be like this. If this condition continues, I cannot hate you.'

I come to understand Guffin.

"stop??????

Guffin hugged Ikael's waist as he struggled to pull himself out.

"It's fine."

Slowly raising his upper body, he pressed his face into Ikael's lips.

"Leave it to me."

Truly, as if that were all, this Kael was stunned and unable to move.

Guffin's lips parted as they touched hers, and a hot object entered.





"......I"


As if struck by lightning, Ikael's shoulders trembled.

'what's this! what's this! what's this! what's this! what's this!'

The actions of creatures she had never experienced in an angelic body threw her into a panic.

'Wet, disgusting.'

It's so unpleasant, but on the other hand, I want to continue this bizarre act... ... .

'Bad child.'

there was a bit

how much time has passed I couldn't figure it out, but I thought that I had already exceeded the implicit standard.

The moment Guffin's hand went up to Ikael's chest, the integration had already ended.

"go away!"

Startled, Ikael pushed with both hands, and the Guffin's upper body fell to the ground.

"Aww!"

Guffin, who had a painful expression on his face, winked at Ikael, who was showing off his spirit.

"I thought you wanted it too."

"What are you doing!"

After all the process was over, when he came back to his senses, he finally realized what he had done.

"For you to do such a disgusting thing. How dare you scorn the archangel? I will kill you right now."

Ikael raised his hand.

"It's disgusting."

said the guffin.

"Flesh to body rubs together, saliva to saliva mixes, organs lose even their original meaning... ...

that it is a creature.

"But that is our life. If you don't do that, nothing will come of it."

"What do you guys know? Angels themselves are noble, pure, and absolute."

"how was it?"

Guffin asked.

"Did you really hate it?"

The fact is.

'I do not know.'

It's definitely left in my mind, but the image in my memory didn't seem to be me.

"That's because you controlled my mind... ...

"If you didn't hate it."

Guffin cut off.

"It's proof that you have a heart too."

Ikael's asteroid shook.

"??????mind?"

"yes. Any abomination feels beautiful, and no flaw is perceived as perfect. Hexa is the heart. That's why he's omnipotent, and that's why... ...

Guffin said confidently.

"The world doesn't have to be perfect. An indifferent god is not a god."

It doesn't have to be cold.

Guffin said, looking at Ikael's thoughtful figure with his head down.

"Now you understand what I mean. Born from a photon signal, you also have a mind. That's right, it's no different. We can go further."

Ikael shook his head.

"Confused."

The possibility that all concepts could be integrated into the mind was undeniable.

But in the end, it's the heart... ... .

"I don't know what to tell me to do."

nothing is clear

'What do I think of this man? do you hate or not... ...

This feeling of being adrift in the middle of the open sea was something Ikael had never seen before in his life.

Guffin understood her feelings.

"That's enough." He knew what it was like for an angel, especially the first archangel, to lose his standard.

"I am not asking you to do anything right now. Why can't I do that anyway? If you're confused right now, that's your mind. Just accept it."

Kael, who was just taking his first steps, couldn't understand everything yet.

But only this was clear.

' Humans... ...

Was it that free?

'Gaian.'

And the only species that has integrated all that freedom in the largest frame

"I will fight."

Ikael slowly got up.

"If I have to just accept your words, my heart is still in the world of the law. Will this be enough?"

"Sure."

As a result, even if it seems like nothing has changed, in reality everything has changed.

"huh."

When you realize that you can choose, agony is born.

Ikael, who had flown into the sky, glanced down at the guffin before leaving and said,

"Save yourself and use it."

As she fluttered her wings of light and crossed the horizon, the guffin finally relaxed.

"Whoa."

He brought his right hand in front of his eyes and flicked his fingertips as if recalling a sensation from a while ago.

"I'm really going crazy."

Then again, he covered his eyes with his hands and coolly controlled the boiling heat.

'Lucifer... ...

His mind was equally troubled.

Omega conveyed all the events from the beginning to the end as a single signal to Shirone.

What humanity is experiencing today is just the tip of the iceberg, less than 1% of Omega.

'There was a huge myth.'

After psychically merging with Ikael, Gefin analyzed the angel's infinite algorithm.

Unable to give up the Ultima System, Gaiain and Guffin implanted Halo into the machine.

Thus, Ankera was created, Babel, a strategic killing weapon to kill God.

In Omega 738, mankind built a factory to mass-produce Babel and called it the Tower of Babel.

"You arrogant people."

In the year 777 of Omega, the angels named Anke mobilize and give the order to destroy Babel.

The original concepts that make up the world and countless Maras derived from those concepts attacked the Tower of Babel.

Looking at the rapidly flying black angels, Satiel bit his lip gently.

'He looks like Ikael. No, that's Ikael.'

It had already been revealed that Guffin and Ikael had a deal of some kind long ago.

Then, it is understandable that Babel's shape resembles Ikael, but on the other hand, I wondered if it was really like that.

'If there was something between the Archangel and the Guffin... ...

I heard Ekael's voice.

"Why is that, Satiel? The Starlight is shaking."

When I turned my head, Ikael approached me, looking at the battlefield with nonchalant eyes.

"why... ... ?"

Satiel finally couldn't stand it and asked.

"Is the shape of Babel the same as that of the archangel? Is it the enemy's trick, or... ... ?"

"What do you want to say?"

Ikael asked coldly.

"Are you doubting me for erasing countless Gaians from this world?"

"Oh, no."

Babel is a threat to God, but Ikael also realized the nature of Hexa and neutralized the 'Hand of God'.

'Yes, it's a simple transaction.' Gaiain's Ultima system has been weakened to the worst in history.

It was definitely Ikael's achievement.

"Fight!"

Following Guffin's voice, the Miracle Stream's light quickly spread across the battlefield.

"If we stop this, we win!"

As each concept of the angels was destroyed by the Miracle Stream, the amount of Babel's mobilization increased noticeably.

Tower of Babel as tall as Arabot.

Among Mara, there were those who were larger than that, but Babel's functions were comparable to those of angels.

"Could it be pushed?"

I don't know if he heard Uriel's words, but Ikael's indifferent face turned into anger.

"I'm coming."

As I opened Ataraxia and headed toward the ground, hundreds of barbells flew in.

"What a joke!"

Every time I hit it with my hand or hit it with my foot, the remains of the barbell crashed with a cracking sound.

He didn't show it, but it was a complicated feeling.

'It's enough to mock.' she shouted as she landed on the ground after destroying all of her replicas that looked exactly like herself.

"Guffin!"

Guffin, who had been fighting fiercely, turned his head in response to Ikael's voice.

As soon as Guffin's eyes light up, his body disappears as if evaporating.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

The air was pushed out in the form of a huge sphere by the shock wave generated by the collision of the two bodies.

In a place that can be called a vacuum, all you can see is white photoelectricity that bursts intermittently.

On the other hand, to the two people engaged in a high-speed battle, it seemed as if the time of the outside world had stopped.

As each other's fists crossed, they hit their faces hard, and Ikael and Guffin were pushed the same distance.

"Big!"

Guffin's eyes stretched along the line of movement.

'Answer me, Guffin.'

Ikael, who was watching the scene, clenched his fists while erecting a slender body over 2 meters tall.

'Is this a mockery? or not... ...

In what sense is she defined by Guffin?

"Ikael!"

Ikael gritted his teeth and jumped out at the sight of the guffin rushing forward while screaming.

"Answer me!"

At the same time as the collision, the rapidly expanding air rolled dozens of tons of rocks like fallen leaves and spread them out.

Scale of eagerness (4)

With the wind pressure shaking the angel's wings, Uriel asked while covering his face with his arms.

"Winning?"

didn't come out

In the middle of the wind-swept plain, Ikael and Guffin were still glaring at each other.

"Sigh. Sigh."

His steel hair stood on sharp bristle, and the idea of ??struggle flashed in his eyes.

said Uriel.

"... ... How big is the human mind'?"

Ankera's anger swallowed by Guffin was an emotion so great that it destroyed the world.

"Almost digested it."

The aftereffects haven't completely disappeared, but the inaction a moment ago reminded me of Guffin in his heyday.

'No, rather more than that.'

It was the result of his mind being endlessly trained against the gods for eons of time.

"We traded Hexa and Halo. As a result, it reduced the functionality of the Ultima system to less than 10 percent. But... ... McLean Guffin.

"I don't know if I should have killed him then. The real threat is the Guffin, not the Ultima System."

A human with enough influence to turn Heaven's gains into minor losses.

"It is a story of conclusion. And the real results haven't come out yet. If the Tower of Babel is destroyed, the Guffin is also isolated. Gaians will disappear from the world."

At those words, Uriel remained silent, but he could not erase the ominous thoughts that ran through his mind.

'Is it really so?' Even if you annihilate the Gaians, if you can't subdue the Guffins.

'Someday it will continue.'

Ikael's role was important considering the far-flung future that the angel's sense of time could not reach.

"Let's go too. We must end the war." The archangels hurled themselves towards the battlefield where the angels and Babel were fighting.

Ikael had no time to look at the situation in heaven.

"Answer me."

Guffin responded coldly.

"What do you keep doing?"

The joy of a kiss that happened a long time ago remained a timeless memory for both of them... ... .

"I mean Babel."

Also, as the representatives of the angels and the Gaians, they were enemies who fiercely destroyed each other's camps.

"Why do you care about that? No matter what the piece of machinery looks like, just break it."

"Answer me!"

If it was Ikael in the past, it would have been like that.

"Why me? what am i to you What is being defined in your mind!"

until you understand the mind.

"You?"

Ikael kept his mouth shut.

"I will ask you this time. Why are you asking? What answer do you really want to hear?"

'The answer I want to hear.'

What words do you want to come out of the guffin's mouth?

"do not know."

Ikael said, lowering his arm weakly.

"So you tell me."

I understood the nature of the mind through the hexa, but I did not have the courage to throw it out.

"Don't try to find me. There is no answer in my heart. You have to choose for yourself."

contradictory

Being able to choose anything because you can choose anything means being unable to choose anything.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrung!

The sound of the Tower of Babel was heard, but Ikael and Guffin did not look away.

"Humanity is defeated."

The archangels broke through the significantly weakened Ultima system and began slaughtering the Gaians.

"You are the only one left. Because you are the only Gaian we cannot annihilate."

Fall of the Tower of Babel.

In Omega 777, humanity was defeated by the gods.

"Are you done?"

Maybe.

However, as long as there was still a Gaian called Guffin, he couldn't give in.

As Guffin turned around in silence, Ikael held out his hand.

"Come with me."

i don't think i'll ever come back

"There is nowhere for you to hide. Wherever you are, angels will come and kill you.

I will protect you."

Maybe she fought fiercely to get the courage to say this now.

"This one is pretty good. I've been able to put my heart into the sound a little bit."

Guffin tilted his head slightly and smiled.

"But it's still not enough."

Before Ikael could even speak, Gurfin activated the Miracle Stream and disappeared.

"Chief Angel."

The archangels have arrived.

"Are you okay?" The fierceness of the battle could be seen just by looking at her tattered clothes made of light.

"yes??????

In Ikael's asteroid, the last words of Guffin were hovering endlessly.

'Not enough?'

Why can't I throw my heart out.

'What am I defining a guffin as?'

Unless they were convinced of that, her words would not reach Guffin.

"You are the archangel who led the war to victory."

Kariel got down on one knee and begged.

"Give me the spoils of Babel. We will analyze their skills to create life. I will follow the angels and praise Anchera."

The scene where Guphin blossomed into Hexa inspired Kariel, the archangel of birth.

"Follow the angels and praise Anchera?"

later called the Nephilim.

'Could that really be the case?'

Is it possible for a being with a mind to follow something blindly?

"... ... Do what you like." Ikael knew how pointless it was to judge something he hadn't experienced.

'Aren't you aware of it now?'

I thought it would be okay, but when the guffin disappeared, I felt like my heart was pierced.

'none. It's nowhere.'

I looked down at the entire planet without exception, but there was not even a trace as if it had evaporated.

'Where did it go?'

A cold wind penetrated Ikael's pierced chest.

Ancient City, Eden.

Adam and Lilith boarded the ark to avoid So Jung-hwa and started a new life on a small planet.

The infinite lifespan of the two was inherited, and thanks to this, the Gaians prospered quickly.

"Today is also a peaceful day."

Adam's eyes were soft as he gazed at the landscape from high above the city.

Lilith said with a smile.

"There is nothing more enjoyable than seeing children live happily ever after."

The only thing Guffin left before leaving Heaven was to love each other.

It was not without temptation, but Adam loved Lilith and Lilith loved only Adam.

That's why all the citizens of Eden can follow the two as perfect parents.

" yes?"

The moment Adam noticed, the Gaians raised their heads in amazement.

The sky opened enormously, and blinding light poured down from within.

"Ahhh."

Adam shuddered with emotion and burst into tears.

"Dear Adam."

At the voice he will never forget, Adam fell to his knees and sobbed.

"You are here. You are finally here."

Lilith also knelt down with her husband, but the fear that came from awe outweighed the excitement.

'why?'

After waiting for a long time, the guffin didn't show up, so Adam could not stand it and opened his mouth.

"Come down. I made this beautiful city according to your will. How were the other comrades? you are... ... Have you become a god?"

After a while, Guffin spoke.

"I will take your children."

"Yes?"

Adam, who did not understand, asked again, and Lilith raised her head with her eyes wide open.

"What are you talking about? So where are you taking my children, the citizens of Eden... ...

"It's not possible!"

Lilith jumped up.

"That will never happen. Adam

and everything I've dedicated my life to. It started with just the two of us, and after eons of time, it flourished like this...

"All right."

Lilith turned to Adam's voice.

"Hey, honey."

Adam's eyes also contained sadness, but the light of tragedy was stronger than that.

"If you will, take him. There must be a reason."

The moment the words were finished, the light focused on the center of Eden and a huge stone gate was installed.

Lilith shouted at the sky as the door disintegrated into an orb of light.

"no! Absolutely not!"

"honey! You don't know what kind of existence he is to Gaia! If we couldn't avoid So Jung-hwa, we wouldn't be here either!"

"I'd rather do that! I can't take my children! I will not send you back to that terrible place!"

Guffin was speechless.

"I will go, mother."

When Lilith turned her head, all the Gaians on the ground were emitting light from their eyes.

"you... ...

"I grew up listening to stories from a very young age. You really did exist. He used to say, that one day we will all become gods."

"no."

Lilith shook her head.

"I mean my children."

The moment tears flowed down her cheeks, her mind began to break away from the Ultima system.

"Hey, honey... ...

Maybe the mother's heart was bigger than the whole.

Adam could only watch.

Everyone except Lilith thought the same, and the Gaian looked up at the sky and said.

"We will fight too."

With this, Guffin resurrects the Ultima system and seizes the opportunity to escape the photon field again.

It happened in the year 799 of Omega.

Heaven, Omega year 892.

In the heaven where the Gaians disappeared, there were many collaborations between Argones and Taeseong.

The so-called extraterrestrial species came over, and among them there were creatures with unique intelligence.

Only humans did not exist.

"damn! damn! damn!"

Kariel's annoyance shook the heavens at the jebul built after Gaiain disappeared.

"Why not!"

Watching Kariel go mad was Uriel's greatest pleasure lately.

"Aren't you dumber than a human?"

"shut up! Look at the great world war I made! They say it's a much better work than the Tower of Babel!"

Fiercely shot, Kariel looked at the corpse of an alien species lying dead on the test bench.

'The Nephilim are not created.'

The dream of creating a new human race with the power of an angel was blocked by a barrier.

"... ... We need humans."

Uriel crossed her arms.

"Then it would be impossible. There is nothing like that here. Even a species similar to humans is not being born."

The expression of fear of humans is taboo, but the shock the Gaians gave to heaven was just as great.

"Sigh."

Uriel did not miss the noticeably weakening of Kariel's starlight body.

'It is impossible even if the archangel of birth puts almost all his mental powers into it. What the hell is a guffin... ...

At that time, the great world war was shaken.

"what!"

Kariel, who quickly flew in front of the screen, checked the data and opened her eyes wide.

"This, this... ... !"

"Sigh."

Ikael, who was staying in Jebul's archangel's room, put his chin on his chin and let out a long sigh.

'You seem to be more frequent these days.'

Her three-legged Mara Ashur stood behind her with a worried look on her face.

'The war is over.'

Peace had come to heaven as well, but it seemed that her pierced heart had not yet healed.

"sorry. Do I look too pathetic?"

Ashur bowed his head.

"Don't talk like that. If Ikael-nim is pathetic, the entire universe will feel embarrassed."

Just when Ikael laughed at the bone-chilling joke, sirens went off all over Jebul.

-warning! Abnormal law detection. The total amount of car is 16.8439 billion. Kar value 100%.

Ashur raised his head and Ikael jumped to his feet.

"100 percent?"

It was the same level of rightness as the law.

- During specificity analysis. Suspicion of the Ultima system. calculation. assurance. In fact. Highest Defense Level Aegis Mode activated.

Eight archangels in various places of the Buddha,

All the angels under him opened their eyes wide and shouted.

"What?"

With a bang, the walls of the jebul shattered, and Ikael flew away like a flash of light.

"Chief Angel!"

Ashur chased after him, but now Ikael seemed to be unable to follow other than the light.

'Where are you? where are you?'

A sense of amplification surveyed the entire planet, and at last a pillar of light entered her eyes.

'idea.'

The time when you watch the spectacle of countless pillars of light piercing the sky.

"Hey, it's been a while."

When I lowered my gaze to the voice I heard on the ground, a man was laughing with his fangs exposed.

"how have you been doing? Were you bored without me?" Ikael was moved to tears at the sight of a guffin bowing his index finger to his eyebrows.

However, the corner of his mouth went up, and then he opened his eyes again and furrowed his forehead.

"yes."

probably laughed

Because the cold wind no longer blew in the place that had not been filled even after waiting for eons of time.

continues in the next volume