
Beginning of Ruin (1)

Those who knew Harvits were astonished.

'The atrocities of the times.'

The fact that Satan joined hands with Uorin means that the demons are also under Kashan's control.

'Damn it.'

The tension was high.

'Havitz's ability is vanishing. A lot of research and analysis have already been done, but... ...

The bottom line is that you can't stop it even if you know it.

'It's like releasing a dog into a rabbit cage.'

Of course, no one in the temple considers himself a rabbit.

Lufist asked Shirone.

"Did you know?"

"Any guess. But I never thought I would show up in public like this."

Shirone turned to Uorin.

'What Havitz wants is the destruction of the world in the end. Do you really want that?'

As if listening to her heart, she turned her head towards Shirone.

'Now you're looking at me.' That alone made her heart swell, but she was able to hide her emotions even without high gear.

"What is this?"

King Woodlai of Corona scolded.

"Empress of Kashan, calling Satan at a time when we should achieve world unity and promote world peace, do you really wish for the destruction of mankind?" It was something everyone was curious about.

"It can't be."

Wu Lin smiled.

"What we are doing now is a world war in which all races compete for supremacy. Aren't strategic alliances fundamental?"

"Do you think that sophistry will work? It is a place where top leaders from all over the world gather. Who the hell would attend where Satan is?"

"That's why I'm introducing you like this."

After Urin finished speaking, Harvits, who had burned the asker to the butt, got off the horse.

"Keugh!"

Just because he moved, Tormia and Corona's guards fluttered.

'Vanishing is dangerous.'

It doesn't just disappear.

There is no way to prevent something from happening outside of everyone's awareness.

'There is Harvitz. There is Havitz.' Even though they knew it was useless, the guards continued to engrave Havitz's existence into their brains.

"Well, what a spherical face. With the Queen of Kashan." Harvits said.

"A history search is also necessary. But that woman made a wonderful offer."

The concentration of the guards reached its peak.

'There is Harvitz. There is Havitz.'

"Looking back, I thought I might have something to say at the temple. Anyhow, so... ...

The moment Harvits turns around.

'There is Harvitz. Harvits... ... yes?' Everyone in the procession, including the guards, blinked their eyes blankly.

'Habits? What is it?'

While everyone forgot about Satan, only a few, including Shirone, had a serious expression on their faces.

"I will make a suggestion."

With the smell of askers wafting in, Harbitz, riding on Uorin's horse, spoke again.

'damn. You missed it!'

A few people who realized it belatedly got goosebumps.

"I will not wear vanishing while attending a temple meeting. Then would you join me too?"

said Pony.

"Do you think we will accept the offer? Even if you accept, how do you verify that you are keeping your promise?"

Wu Lin said.

"How about risking my life?"

The moment her words fell, Tormia and Corona's leaders were in an uproar.

The dragon's albino instructed.

"Find out if you have a daughter."

"Yes."

If Mitochondrial Eve secretly gave birth to a daughter, the life of the queen would be meaningless.

While the think tank was busy moving, Wu Lin smiled shyly.

"Do not worry. I am a virgin."

"Khom. home."

The old officials coughed.

"In other words, there is no other mitochondrial Eve. If I die, the queen will die too. If you want verification, we will go through the official process and respond to the investigation."

Gando's expression darkened, and Kido, who was guarding his side, showed his sharp teeth.

'Sheesh! Do I have to go this far?' Even if it was an unavoidable choice, I didn't like holding hands with Havitz.

'He's the one who brought you to his knees. You are the queen, the noblest among humans... ...

At least in Kido's eyes.

'Is that guy that good?' Sensing their gaze, Shirone turned her head and saw the goblin standing in the center of the guard.

'Kiddo.'

A precious friend who overcame hardships together.

'You're doing well.'

When Shirone greeted him with a smile, Kido put the spear on his shoulder and smiled.

'He has become very dignified.'

I heard the story of Yahweh until my ears were worn out.

'But I'm also successful.'

When Kido shrugged, pointing to the guards captain's badge, Shirone opened his mouth wide.

'haha.'

And again... ... Their gazes diverged.

'I hope it goes well.'

Although they are walking different paths according to their beliefs, they will still be friends.

I wanted to believe that.

"Anyway, the decision will be made after the 12 countries gather."

Wu Lin continued.

"For now, that's all I'm suggesting. Responsible for and controls Mr. Harvits' actions. If I break this rule, I swear I will die

is."

said Woodley.

"I'm not disparaging Kashan, but isn't it self-consciousness to claim that your life is worth more than the lives of the leaders of 11 countries?"

"Then what shall we do? Will 11 countries except Kashan boycott the temple?" The temple is the best work.

"I don't think anyone wants to be scattered again and fight bloody battles. In that sense, I think there is some justification for Mr. Havitz, the head of the demon tribe, to attend the holy war. If you can't accept... ...

Uorin sighed coldly.

"I will release Mr. Harvits. freely."

"... ... Am I a beast?"

As Harbitz muttered, Shirone's eyes calmed down.

'This is the biggest problem.'

He's not someone you can control from the start.

'Even if it's not Kashan, Havits can come to the temple. Leaders of each country must have already run simulations, and they must have come up with their own countermeasures.'

Just like Shirone trained the Wizard.

'Thus, the reason why I feel bad is that Kashan preoccupied the demons, not Habits. It's displeased that someone else broke the taboo that she couldn't do because of her face.'

The balance of power is leaning toward Kashan.

"As for the matter... ... Woodlai opened his mouth heavily.

"I think it would be appropriate to gather the opinions of 11 countries. We make a formal objection in the temple."

When Corona, the strong of tradition, took a step back, Wu-Lin bowed her head refreshingly.

"Thank you for your consideration. then... ...

Kashan's procession turned their horses' heads, and as if they had promised, Tormia and Korona retreated.

"Kashan Empire! Introspection!"

Hearing the shout of the general guarding the door, the albino laughed heartily.

"Chuck! I ate a room from the start. As expected, the queen doesn't take it lightly."

On the other hand, Rai's expression was not good.

"This is no laughing matter. The ability Havitz used earlier is on a different level from what I heard."

Just the feeling of discomfort showed how sensitive Rai's senses were.

"The risk of assassinating the king is a realistic figure. I will set the alert level to the highest."

"Calm down. The royal guard is the power and face of the king. It's not cool if you make too much fuss."

"It's better than having your eyes open and your throat cut. Other countries will be no different from us."

"Hmm."

The albino twisted his beard.

"Maybe that's Tormia's strength."

"Yes?"

"It's just like that."

The albino's expression cooled down in the next moment after passing through Rai's question.

'Pony can die.'

Unlike other countries, Tormia does not have a high degree of dependence on the king.

'It's clever, but it has no political credibility. Even if Pony were killed by Havitz, Tormia would not be shaken easily. on the other side... ...

Other countries are different.

Especially in the Kashan Empire, it was no exaggeration to say that Uorin was all of the power.

'It's just difficult to break through, once it's pierced, it's a castle that collapses out of control. That's Kashan.'

The albino's lips twitched.

'She's a virgin.'

I never thought the word biological purity would come out of Mitochondrial Eve's mouth.

'Keuk, the Empress of Kashan is also quite desperate.'

The pair of eyes that had been taken out of Iruki glared fiercely at Uorin.

'Yes, where should I stab you?'

Kashan's procession all escaped, and Tormia and Corona confronted each other on the left and right.

Shirone said.

"We yield."

Rufist also agreed with that.

'Corona has a deep connection with Shirone. There's nothing good for her now that she's pretending.'

Pony, who knew her role, spoke.

"The Ivory Tower fought against the crisis of mankind. I think Corona Kingdom's participation is also a great decision. Tor Mia respects that will and yields the way."

Woodlai responded.

"As expected, you are a good soldier. Even refusing here is half the consideration of the Pony King, so I will go first despite the shame."

Since I got the action, even if I gave it back with words, there was a feeling that it was excessive praise.

It was to be conscious of Shirone.

'There's nothing good about being seen as hostile to Oh Dae-sung. Ivory Tower faction fights are not unusual.'

Many stars agreed with Singh's proposal for a new world, but Yahweh's influence was still strong.

As if to prove that fact, the stars who participated in the holy war could not hide their awkwardness.

On the way to the castle gate, Lampa's satellite gun saw Shirone and lowered his head.

"Oh, Daesung Oh. Hello... ...

Lampa dried.

"Don't be rash. We participated as Corona's think tank. Please refrain from personal interactions."

reckless behavior?

"How are you? Oh Dae-seong and I met eyes." Lampa also knew.

'The stars of the ivory tower are transnational beings. If a gun tooth respects someone, it can't be stopped.'

But this time was an exception.

'We declared neutrality and left the ivory tower. If you show special feelings to Yahweh here, there is a risk that even the Ivory Tower will turn into a political arena.'

Lampa apologized heartily.

'I'm sorry, Oh Dae-sung. I hope you will rebuke this old man in the future.'

Of course, Shirone understood their situation, and was calm even after seeing Chong avoiding his gaze.

'Mr. Lampa. the gun. Tsuoi. Musso. 10 magicians. All belong to the system inspection department.'

Stars and satellites from other departments were not visible.

'The head of the system inspection department is Mr. Lampa, who is a 3-star. It must have been difficult to endure in the conflict between the Five Stars. Even so, choosing neutral means... ...

It was a subtle nuance.

'thank you.'

Even if it was the same neutrality, it would have been Singh who suffered the blow from the System Inspection Department's departure.

'With Mr. Lampa's courage, the balance has been adjusted. But if you think of it the other way around, the power struggle inside the ivory tower is so tense. I guess I should go... ...

Seeing a familiar face in Corona's procession, Shirone got out of her mind.

'Mr. Armin.'

Armin of Gwangan was on his way with Keira.

'yes. There are not only stars in the ivory tower. The ability of the residents is also top-notch.'

32% of the 100 most dangerous people in the world belonged to the Ivory Tower.

'It's Gudio.'

People who play card games, as well as experts who know just by hearing the name, continued endlessly.

'Intelligence.'

land of intellect.

"Corona Kingdom! Introspection!"

Beginning of Ruin (2)

In the inner sanctuary of the Jive Kingdom, Uorin was locked in thought with her mouth firmly shut.

"Whee-hee."

Harvits, leaning on her back, whistled and emitted asker smoke.

"I can hear the sound of your heart."

It was Mayray's ability, God's frequency.

"Your voice when you see Shirone. Wouldn't that be more like pain?"

Woorin opened her mouth.

"If you had asked me to give way, I would have done it."

"Are you delusional too?"

In the midst of silence again, Harvits continued.

"The reason I didn't kill you in the first place is because you said you loved someone. I was curious. Because I couldn't hear the sound of my heart back then. But now that I hear it, you seem to have a love similar to mine."

"Have you ever been in love?"

"Well. If that's what you're doing now, do it every day. no, maybe every second

Will it?" "People say that when there is a certain word, it is mistaken as if it actually exists. Like love, success or failure, happiness or unhappiness. I don't know what I was doing when I didn't have that word."

Drunk with drugs, his eyes were open, but his emotions were much calmer than usual.

"Erase all the words in your head. Still, the heart is beating, and the body wants something. Whatever you want, you will eventually achieve it. If not defined."

"Is that vanishing?"

"Does it again."

Havitz threw a butt at the Jive official who was watching him with a look of astonishment.

"It gets complicated because you try to confine it to words. Because if you share your thoughts, you can't feel the whole. It doesn't have to be love. Isn't the important thing what that feeling is?"

Uorin was bitter.

'To be comforted by Satan. Well, it might mean that I've fallen that much.'

What does it matter?

Desperate desire is always near, and God is far from humans.

"... ... can it be achieved If I don't define my feelings for Shirone, will I ever get to that feeling, something I want?"

"then."

There was no desire that Harvitz could not fulfill.

"Of course you can."

His face was as innocent as a child as he smiled at the sky.

"What a nice day."

today.......

May everyone in this world win what they want.

'Without a single exception.' Shirone, Iruki, and Nade are troubled at the fountain in the square overlooking the Vatican.

said Nade.

"How about sneaking in? Once Shirone's true identity is revealed, the paladin will move. As you would have known then, she hates being entangled with them."

Iruki rested his chin.

"Hmm. But is that the case even within the Holy See? As far as I know, Lamieism is not a particularly warlike doctrine. I don't know what it's like outside, but at least it's a religion that protects face externally."

Shirone said.

"It is different in each case. The attitude of Lamieism toward other religions is divided into two. pseudo and heresy. If you believe in a god other than Crea, you are a pseudo-ji who stands in the position of Lamie. And I tend to neglect it. On the other hand, I..."

It's not pseudo.

"It will not be dismissed as heresy. In other words, a religion that calls itself a god. In this case, Lamigyo has always aggressively suppressed. It will be no different this time."

"But you never said you were a god, and above all you didn't establish a religion."

said Iruki.

"It seems that reputation is an issue. Because many people already regard Shirone as the Messiah. It's enough to dismiss belief in other gods as fake. However, if humans who exist in reality are worshiped as gods... ...

Finally, Nade's expression became serious.

"It's fatal to Lamie. Because it directly refutes the doctrine of monotheism."

Iruki agreed.

"That's why the Paladins were particularly hostile to Shirone. It would be dangerous to approach it with the idea that religions are only different."

Surely it will.

"But! Isn't that how you say it openly? We can't fight here."

Iruki raised his index finger.

"How about using a pseudonym? Although there is a prerequisite that you must be someone who will attract the attention of the pope."

"Breaking through the front."

Shirone made a decision.

"If you come up with a plan, meeting Pope Constantine won't be difficult. But I can't stand my point that way. Besides, the pope is leaving for the temple soon. There is something I want to check before that."

Nade jumped up from his seat.

"Good. So let's ask for a formal interview. If the paladin attacks, I will become the villain."

Inside the Vatican, they found the central office of the Diocese and the Holy Knights.

"excuse me."

The priest greeted him with a smile.

"Come, come, servant of God Kria. What brought you to the castle?"

said Nade.

"I came to see Pope Constantine. I really want to see you before you go to the temple."

"Yes?"

The priest, who blinked for a moment, checked the ages of Shirone and the others and scratched his head.

'Well, at that age.'

Among the believers of Lamie, energetic young men crossed the continent to meet the pope.

"Sorry, but the Pope is a very busy man. You have to go through a separate process for an interview. There is a department in the parish management office... ...

"I am Shirone." The priest did not understand at first.

"I want to talk to Pope Constantine. Please tell them that Yahweh has requested an interview."

The priest's face turned white.

"Hey, Yahweh?"

At the same time, all the priests in the integrated office stood up and looked at Shirone.

"what? Yahweh?"

Of course he's not evil.

They weren't murderers or terrorists, but some of the priests' eyes weren't pretty.

The head priest of the integrated office approached.

"Hmm."

He bit his lip as he contrasted the rumored impression with Shirone's face.

'It seems to be true.'

If you don't have two lives, isn't there no way the Vatican would tell such a lie?

"If you really are Yahweh, you would know what this place is like. Is it a declaration of war?"

"I have no intention of fighting. There's no reason for that. However, I have something to say to the Pope."

Do you flatter the pope?

'Such arrogance is unmatched... ... !'

There was anger in the eyes of the High Priestess, but even Shirone did not back down this time.

'Constantine.'

I think you are a good person.

No, do humans exist in the world who can distinguish good people from bad people?

'Even if there is.'

Can we really call it human?

'At that time, it is already a concept that transcends human beings. Just as Mr. Miro is polar, and Harbitz is atrocious.'

Of course, Shirone was included.

"It won't take long. Let me meet you. After all, I go to the temple, and I can meet the Pope there too. The reason I came here now is because the Holy See has an agenda to deal with."

"Khom."

The information about the Holy See could not be refuted because the Holy See knew more about it.

"I will tell you once. But if the pope refuses, then we can do nothing."

"Yes. please."

After hearing the high priest's instructions, the two priests ran into the corridor and split left and right.

'2 people.'

Diocesan Administration and Holy Knight Office.

'There's no way I'll send you well. The Pope will meet me anyway. He must make a compromise with me if he wants to maintain his authority in the temple.'

The problem was:

'How will the pope answer my question? If it's a human answer, I'll admit it. But if... ...

If the answer is to deny humanity.

'I have no choice but to see the blood.'

Holy Knight Office.

Seina, a high-ranking paladin belonging to the Trust Management Department, stood in front of a mirror wearing ivory armor.

'Oh God.'

Her golden bobbed hair and neat face were beautiful enough to believe that they were created by a god.

'Please punish me.'

However, as a paladin, her body was just a shell that contained her faith.

'Erase the doubts in me, Lord.'

Divinity has weakened.

'Why are you doing this? Nothing in particular has changed. Why do I live my life, everything I have achieved... ...

did you get suspicious?

The first time I felt a change was when I returned to the Vatican after meeting Yahweh.

'I said Shirone.'

When she succumbed to the temptation of Shiok, Yahweh ran to her and baptized her.

'I was determined to be martyred. I wasn't afraid of death But why... ...

did you shed a tear?

The moment Shirone's hand struck him on the forehead, all the terrible evil escaped.

'perhaps... ...

What if it wasn't just the demons that escaped?

"no!"

Seina groaned.

"There is no way my heart was shaken by him. Yes, this is the price you pay for surrendering to Si-ok."

It was easier on my mind to be a loser who suffered from evil than to become a renegade of the faith.

"But... ...

As she recalled the brilliance of the light that had flooded her eyes at the time, she was dazed again.

"Seina-san, are you inside?"

"ah! Yes!"

Seina, equipped with a holy sword, hurriedly turned around at the sound she heard from outside the door.

When I opened the door, a handsome man in his early 30s with a short beard was smiling.

"Mr. Leon."

It was a senior paladin in the same department.

"Seina-san and I won the patrol team this week. Was it too fast? We still have five minutes left."

Five minutes from the room was a bit late for roll call.

"Oh, no. sorry."

Seina's sociability wasn't that bad, but Leon was always awkward.

The reason is probably... ... .

"How long has it been since you belonged to Seina-san and the patrol team? It seems that Kria God answered my prayers?"

Probably because it is light.

'I'm not a bad person. but... ... Leon subtly emphasizing the relationship between men and women

His words were very annoying to Seina.

'A paladin is forbidden to marry. Our bodies and souls have already been dedicated to God.'

Leon changed the topic as if he was not aware of it.

"After Seina-san's report came in, they said that the Paladin training program would be revived. The complaints of the subordinates are not the only ones, haha. It was really brutal in our time."

'It was.'

Since childhood, when she decided to become a servant of God, Seina went through rigorous training.

It was also clearly her pride.

'But why?'

After being baptized by Yahweh, such a series of processes felt repulsive.

'Yes, this doubt makes me weak. Calm down, Seina. You are a paladin.'

Leon's expression was ecstatic as he gazed at Seina's thoughtful face.

'What a wonderful person.'

Paladins are forbidden from marrying, but the doctrine is not enforced even on lay people.

'If I give up the Paladin position, Mr. Seina... ...

Just as I was fantasizing about it, a priest came running from across the hallway.

"Temi? What happen?"

"Ah, Seina-sama! Leon!"

The priest, who had been kneeling down and breathing heavily, raised his head and shouted.

"It's a big deal! Now at the Vatican... ... So, in this holy Vatican... ... !"

Leon grabbed his shoulder.

"Speak calmly. What happen?"

"Yahweh has come! It also proudly entered the front door! I will see the Pope!"

Leon furrowed his brow at the words that seemed unrealistic.

"What the hell is this?"

At that moment, he turned his head at the sound of heavy breathing behind him, and his eyes widened.

"Miss Seina?"

Her face was as red as a persimmon.

"Yahweh... ...

Unable to control her heart beating fast, she asked with a blank expression.

"You came here?"

Waves of light shimmered in front of my eyes like afterimages.

Beginning of Ruin (3)

A petite woman wearing a hood arrived at the square overlooking the Vatican.

Candler Eden.

With the name of the ancient city as her name, she was a yo-ra who practiced love.

Eden took off his hood and gazed at the top of a tower that stood tall enough to pierce the sky.

'It's not over there.' Slowly lowering her gaze, she passed through the entrance to the Vatican and savored the invisible depths of the ground.

'underground.'

It was so faint that you couldn't feel it unless you concentrated, but it definitely smelled of evil.

'My feeling was right. But why is there such an aura in the Vatican?'

After hearing the voice of Havitz's heart with <Nemesis>, Eden suffered from nightmares.

Then one day, while chasing the demons with Dante, he heard a strange rumor.

'Satanism.'

The founder was Giyorgi, and surprisingly, he was a demon tribe made up of emotions abandoned by Yahweh.

After breaking up with Dante, she investigated Satanism, and this is the place where she arrived following the evil energy.

"Papal office."

Lamigyo upholds the good will.

The paladin made a great contribution in the war against the demons, and the priests took care of those in need.

Leaving countless questions behind, Eden wore the hood.

'I'll check it with my own eyes.'

Satan's spiritual foundation, Satanism, will be destroyed, and you will escape from a terrible nightmare.

'Lord Yor.'

After kissing the cross pendant in the circular frame, she headed to the Vatican.

'Please protect me.'

"This is it."

The expression on the high priest's face as he guided Shirone and his party to the front of the Pope's office was still uncomfortable.

'What are you going to do?' The world's three major religions are Lamism, Yoreism, and Theraposism.

'Yorkism does not grow an organization, and Teraposism has fallen with the Papal Curia of Therapos. A few extremists cause terrorism, but it's not dangerous.'

Only Lamigyo was strong in this turbulent era.

'Isn't this proof that Krea created the universe? But from sometime... ...

The name Yahweh began to be heard, and word spread so fast that it was impossible to use hands.

'I should have cut the buds from the beginning.' If the world map is decided in this temple, the pope of Lamie will notarize it.

'A chance to become the only religion in the world.'

Yahweh came to the Vatican at the point when the unprecedented achievements were just around the corner.

"Again, behave reverently before the Pope. If you speak rudely because you believe in a different God, you will act according to Lamite doctrine."

Nade was hot.

"huh! After all, they are also knights

O......"

"Nade."

Shirone dried.

"OK. It will be a short conversation. When I hear the answer I want, I will quietly return."

The High Priestess was even more anxious.

'What kind of answer do you want to hear?'

He knocked politely, as standing in front of the Pope's office was not a good sight.

"Sir, a guest has arrived."

"Let them come."

Following the grave voice, the door opened, and Constantine, who had a good impression, appeared.

Shirone proudly entered, and a wary Iruki and a nervous Ned lined up on the left and right.

"Hmm."

Constantine, who had been looking at Shirone for a long time, smiled.

"You are the fraternity of the age, Yahweh. I've heard rumors, but you look much younger in real life."

"I have heard of fame. You helped me a lot in the Demon War. Thank you."

Constantine offered a seat.

"Is there anything to be thankful for? Compared to what you've done, you're just ashamed. sit down."

Shirone thought while sitting in a chair.

'I don't think there is a need for honor. but... ... I've been far from that since I was young.'

I knew about his youth through Omega.

'The Pope of Power:

In fact, Constantine's divine power was so strong that even within the Papal Office, he competed for supremacy.

'I am not one to be shaken by the energy of evil. But why do you feel here...'

Does it smell like Satan?

"Yes, Lord."

The pope opened his mouth.

"You must have wanted to see me before the temple opened. How is it? Am I not up to your standards?"

"You are not qualified to judge others. I just have a question."

"is it? I'm a little sorry."

Shirone's answer was rather disappointing, as he had lived without a single point of shame throughout his life.

"Okay, ask me anything. As you know, I have to leave for the temple soon."

"What are you hiding?" The pope closed his mouth at the straightforward question, but his expression did not waver.

"Hmm. What are you hiding? my to you? Let's see... ... What was he hiding?"

The Pope, who had been walking around the room, turned to Shirone.

"I once broke a toy of a close friend when I was a kid. I couldn't tell you the truth Oh, that's right. It was during my adolescence. I had a crush on the girl next door. It's not something I would do as a servant of God, but I've had depraved thoughts. And... ...

"does not matter."

Shirone said.

"Everyone is swayed by desire.

What I want to hear is more fundamental issues than that."

"I don't know. Could you please explain?"

"Saint."

The pope's eyebrows twitched.

"The martyrdom code. I heard that the Paladins of Lamie religion are trained from a very young age."

Constantine's face contorted.

"Yahweh, I tried to understand you. But why are you discussing doctrine?"

"I am not discussing, I am asking. Don't you think it's wrong? Remembering clearly that you broke your childhood friend's toy, why do you think about it?

doesn't it say?"

"Because I didn't do anything wrong."

Constantine was adamant.

"Lamicyo has fought against evil. Paladins are those at the forefront. What's wrong with training them? I don't know if you've ever asked a quibble, but as the Pope of Lamie, I have no questions about doctrine."

"Then I can't accept Lamie religion either."

The pope's face wrinkled even more, and the furniture shook like an earthquake.

' tremendous.'

Although originally an aura that resists evil, it has power that even affects heartless beings.

'A fair amount of demons will just be crushed.'

said the Pope.

"Creating a peaceful world, wasn't that a common task between you and me? Why is this? Are you saying that even the way you fight should follow yours?"

"I know all the history before I was born. Of course, there are Lamies in that history." "It doesn't matter which god you believe in. Because religion basically exists for human beings. But not a paladin. It's not a religion. What Lamigyo did to them... ...

Shirone said.

"It's brainwashing."

Perhaps the Pope was no exception.

"Receive harsh training, arm your mind, and defeat evil with the powerful divine power obtained in that way. Isn't that how Lamigyo has grown?"

"You saved a lot of people. You saved the world from evil. Is that such a bad thing?"

"The biggest mistake was making them unable to even consider themselves at fault. That is brainwashing."

"Humans are weak!"

cried the pope.

"The whole world is swarming with evil, and their temptations are so sweet. Shouldn't we also have something deadly to fight against it? If you don't have the faith and spirit to overcome evil, then everything is over."

"Those thoughts... ...

Shirone pointed to the floor.

"I called evil into this holy place of God."

"... ... What do you mean?"

The pope, not understanding, felt the most terrible insult in the world.

"Is there evil in the Vatican?"

"Humans are weak. He is easily swayed by desire. But if you try to suppress it by force, you will give in to the temptation of a greater evil. Rather, it fosters evil."

"I see now."

The pope calmed down.

"Looks like I misunderstood you. Was it something like this? Did you gain recognition by biting the doctrines of other religions?"

"Don't go to the temple."

Shirone was adamant.

"Remain here and see the evil that Lamicyo has brought in. That is the way it is."

"It's about time."

As if he had completely blocked his ears, Constantine remained unresponsive to Shirone's words.

He shoved his pocket watch into his pocket and turned his head before opening the door.

"Your plan has failed. I intend to go to the temple and do something for the world. If you agree with me, we can be good friends. However, if you intend to take advantage of Lamigyo by damaging it, then I will fight against you with my honor and conviction."

There was a thud and the door closed.

The three remaining in the Pope's office were so tense that they didn't even have time to review the conversation.

"... ... It's bloody."

It was a life felt outside the door.

"If you wait, they will come into your room. What do we do? Shall we stick together? Or run away?"

"I cannot leave now."

Shirone stood up from her seat.

"Now that I know the Pope's position, I should also check. What is going on in the Holy See."

Nade asked.

"But is there really evil here? The Pope doesn't seem to feel it."

"Because it is the Pope. Detecting evil is the seesaw of the law. Why, if you stay in the water for a long time, you adapt to the temperature, but people who have just entered feel cold or hot."

said Iruki.

"I guess he's more sensitive because he's an outsider."

"yes. Besides, the stronger the evil, the less the evil energy. because it's clever Because I don't know about Harvitz at all."

A knock was heard.

"Stop coming out. The Pope has also gone to the Temple, so he has no reason to remain in the Holy See."

Iruki opened the spirit zone.

"Seven people."

The magic limiter was not a problem for him, who even hacked Shiok's hidden code.

"Don't make it too big. If rumors spread that Shirone was messing around with someone else's church, public opinion in the temple would deteriorate."

Nade lit blue electricity in his hand.

"That can't be right. Should I just kill him?"

"... ... Well, for now."

When permission was granted, Nade lowered his center of gravity and took a posture to charge.

"Goes? Are you really going?" Iruki shrugged her shoulders, and Shirone moved her hand as if pushing her, as he had no other choice.

"Eh!"

The moment the door was smashed with a bang, six blades came in from all directions at the same time.

'I knew it would be like this.'

As Nade's body was engulfed in a thunderbolt, he evaded the attack with superhuman reflexes.

"catch!"

Among the paladins waiting for a special order, there were patrol members Leon and Seina.

"Punch heresy!" Nade, who had moderated his strength until now, couldn't stand it any longer.

'These children... ...

Kururrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

The Lightning God's electric shock surged up, broke the ceiling, and swept down the hallway.

"Big!"

As a powerful electric shock raged through the hallway, the paladins trembled while holding their swords.

Shirone shouted.

"Nade!"

Ned, who had come to his senses, hurriedly adjusted his power.

'Oops.'

Although the brain power was strong, it had the disadvantage of losing reason the longer it was maintained.

"Now! let's go!"

While the Paladins couldn't get out of the shock, Shirone's party ran to the other side.

"Indignant!"

Leon's fist hit the floor.

"We summon all paladins from the Trust Management Department. We must not allow them to leave the Holy See."

"Hehehe, there is no need for that."

The seven paladins hurriedly turned at the gloomy voice behind them.

"Hee hee ha]. Hee hee hee."

A man whose lips were torn to the bottom of his ears was smiling helplessly, holding twin scythes in both hands.

Seina's face went pale.

'The one who laughs.'

The most secret organization in the Holy See.

'Heretic management department.'

Beginning of Ruin (4)

The Tormia dispatch team arrived across the moat of Delta, the capital of the Jive Kingdom.

"Open the drawbridge!"

The bridge crossed the moat while the sound of gearwheels rumbled through the sky.

Rufist entered the castle and said.

"Well done."

Unlike the castle that was built naturally, it was a building built according to the city plan.

Shirone said.

"They said it took 20 years for this to change. That is proof that politics is stable."

Delta's headquarters was visible.

It was of a modern style and was a flat, rectangular structure when viewed from the sky.

Kashan and Corona arrived first, but they didn't seem to care about Tormia.

'That's the reality.'

Pony checked her thoughts.

'To become a leader, we need a conversion card that will convince the world. The technology of the elemental bomb is great, but other countries have this level of cards.'

Actually, it was a simple matter.

'Kashan who can control demons, Corona who has the intelligence of the Ivory Tower, and Tormia.'

What kind of country will the people of the world want to be the leader?

'At least it's not Tormia.'

Nevertheless, the reason why they can compete with other countries is because of Yahweh.

'Without Shirone, Tormia is just an intermediary with one vote. I am also in a position where I have to think about which country and how much to sell this one vote to, but I am the king of the world.

I couldn't help but feel my heart beating the moment I didn't get pushed even in the encounter with the superpower.

'It's not impossible if Shirone helps. That's why Lufist-san is also risking life and death... ...

Yahweh's position would have been different.

'Shirone doesn't mind if Tormia doesn't become the leader. The reason I attended the temple was for the unification of mankind.'

Of course, as long as the kingdom of Tormia supports Shirone's beliefs, the alliance will not be broken.

But will that be enough?

'It's also politics that you have to dip your feet in dirty water. And Rufist will do whatever it takes.'

No, it shouldn't be passed on like this.

'Me too.'

For Pony, who was pushed out of the succession hierarchy early on, power was the object of overcoming.

'A time when I just wanted to escape.' It was good to have no destination.

'I entered a magic school, and while receiving contempt and contempt, I entered a beauty contest... ...

He was able to become a puppet king because he was so disgusted with power, 'actually...' ...

Wouldn't he have longed for it more than anyone else?

'no.'

Pony shook her head.

'It's just a fleeting desire. Let's just think about helping Shirone. As one magician, for humanity... ...

when he first became king.

The first thing that came to mind was the expressions of the royal family who were ignoring her.

'Now I'm aiming for the king of the world.'

The joy of self-esteem, which could not be confidently revealed anywhere, explodes brilliantly.

'I don't want to end here.'

Something inside her began to whisper.

'Bind Shirone to Tormia. If Shirone moves only for me... ...

you can get what you want

Pony stared straight ahead and looked at the profile of Shirone, who was lost in thought.

'Amy.'

I thought there was nothing more lacking than her.

'If the person next to Shirone had been me instead of Amy, would he have helped? Me more than mankind... ...

Did he make you the king of the world?

'Whoops.'

Power is a scary thing.

'Yeah, that's why I can't do it.

If it were Amy, these disgusting thoughts.

"Kessia Kingdom! Entrance!"

The status of the country could be known just by the officials of Kashan and Corona turning their bodies.

"Hmm, Kessia. A tough opponent." Iron was still the strongest player in the southern continent, but Kessia also took over 7 divisions and 7 countries.

'The person at the center... ...

Ardino Fermi.

As the procession led by the golden carriage, Rampa of Corona said to Chongi.

"Don't miss Kesia Kingdom. It is the most unpredictable variable in this temple."

"Because think tanks are gold coins. It's an organization that ate 7 countries on the southern continent with Angel. The head is the drug lord Fermi."

"Ardino Fermigi."

Young and old are defined differently.

"Master, I know you are older, but isn't it too retro? You said updating information is important. After Yoga's death, the Ardino family was completely pushed by Adrias. Fermi is also excellent, of course, but it's a bit difficult to compare it to Miro, which is polar... ...

"Adrias of the Depth."

Lampa said.

"There was a word called an ardino of width. At the time when the two heroines were coexisting. Wizards these days know Ardino as Hogu, but have you seen Yoga? Don't renew if you're not sure, don't you know this saying?"

"But... ...

"Yolga's vision of reading the flow of the times far exceeded the scope of human beings. The log has been erased, but it is widely accepted that Miro's philosophy was also influenced by her. If you underestimate Fermi's skills, even Corona will be in danger."

The gun licked his lips.

"Someone says they look down on you. I'm thinking of doing it right this time too."

"Why? Do you have a wife you like?"

"No, what... ...

Information wizards are the backbone of all warfare, but far from getting the spotlight.

'But the temple is different. here

It means I can stand out. In other words......

can appeal to women.

'The world might be ending, but before I die, shouldn't I still date and die?'

The disciple's thoughts were as clear as the palm of his hand, but Lampa did not criticize.

'Maybe that's all.'

Why do humans need a great reason to live?

Meanwhile, Uorin was bitter.

'It came at last.'

It was because Apocalypse thought that there was a possibility of keeping Shirone in check.

'It's not easy, he is.'

The capital power of the ring of gold, the cure for emotional diseases, the information buried in the apocalypse.

'The guy who knows how to deal with all those elements in the messiest way.'

To become a leader, Kessia's cards had many elements of darkness, but that made them even more dangerous.

'It will work.'

Shirone thought the same.

'Fermi pursues extreme efficiency. In other words, the tendency to solve any problem as easily as possible.'

And people prefer easy things.

'At least once it can turn the game. That's Keshia's greatest weapon.'

Moving towards the headquarters of the Delta, Fermi received numerous stares and smiled.

"Was I this famous?"

The analysis of the key characters was carried out quickly in the leisurely gaze processing.

'Corona is also quite strong. It looks like there are stars too. Kashan is centered on Pungjang... ... yes?'

I saw a man leaning on Uorin's back.

'Atrocities, Harbitz.'

The two's gazes collided for a moment, but Habitz immediately turned his head back and yawned.

"Hmm."

God's frequency was speaking.

"... ... A strange guy?"

That was all Satan's sentiment was, but everyone else was keenly aware of Fermi's actions.

'I have to use it.'

Those who knew the essence of politics could swallow Fermi's card as much as they wanted.

'Tormia, Corona, and Kashan are waiting in order. They will intervene with what they consider to be their allies.'

Fermi whispered something to the king. With the direction of the leader set in that way, Keshia's move was beyond expectations.

"What, what?"

Even though there was plenty of room to intervene, he went to the outer edge of Tormia.

Fermi's eyes softened as the procession, which was smaller than that of other countries, settled down.

'This is the vital point, you idiots.'

With the plan to ignore the Kashan Empire and Corona, the heads of the leaders became complicated.

Lampa stroked his beard.

'Hmm, not being caught in the middle is a sign of active liking for Yahweh. If it's for the sake of practicality, it doesn't matter what face it is. That makes sense too. When it comes to building trust, I'm inclined to take any damage.'

It's fine if you're just that inclined.

'If there was something that could only be seen by Ardino's field of view, Kashan and Corona would have made a mistake.'

said Fermi with a smile.

"Hey, Shirone. Did you see it again yesterday? I'll settle for this."

Shirone replied bluntly.

"It is an official position. Be careful what you say."

"haha! What do you think? It's not anyone else, and I'm also from Tormia. Long time no see Pony. How are you? Let's be comfortable when we're together. That's why I came this way."

"yes? Oh yeah. It's been a really long time."

Even though she knew it was a pretense, she couldn't resist the outstretched hand of Kessia's heart.

Shirone's eyes narrowed.

'A clever fellow.'

In any case, it wasn't bad for Fermi to take care of Tormia for now.

Pony looked back at the king of Kessia.

"Nice to meet you. Tormia's... ... As she stops her words, she sees Manolka, King of Shironedo, and her mind goes blank.

His body was skinny like a mummy, his face was full of wrinkles and his mouth was open as if he were dead.

'It looks like he's really dead.'

Maddened by the drug, Shirone glared at Fermi, revealing a murderous look in her eyes.

"Fermi, you bastard... ... !" To mummify the king and bring him back.

"What am I? ah... ...

A realizing Fermi shook Manolka.

"Grandpa, Grandpa. Wake up. don't sleep."

"Uh, huh?"

The king's body trembled, and he looked around at Dut, who had regained consciousness.

"Oh, have you already arrived? hee hee hee Nice to meet you, young people. It is called Manolka, the king of Kessia."

Shirone asked.

"Are you okay? You must be feeling unwell."

"Everyone says that. It's because I don't gain weight. Chuck!" Fermi shrugged.

"What am I supposed to do? This inspiration is originally like that. He is 72 years old, and he is in the prime of his youth."

'You look 172 years old.'

Everyone had the same idea.

"Youth is yeski, you bastard. What kind of greed do you have at this age? If you want to do something, tell this young man. By the way, I, Kessia, come to the temple, so I'm relieved before I die."

"Why do you die? Sooner or later, beauties from all over the world will propose to the old man."

"Don't live too fiercely, you bastard. It is said that being hit by the world is human, but if you get hit together, only four goals will be broken. Do everything in moderation, in moderation."

"Yes Yes."

Even though I listened to their conversation, I couldn't figure out what kind of relationship it was.

'What is it?'

Just when Shirone was lost in thought, the main office door was wide open and music rang out.

"Welcome to! Leaders of the world!"

A man with a sturdy physique and a clean impression with a split chin appeared without an escort.

'scratch.'

He was the king of Jive.

"The eve is held where all 12 countries are gathered, but I thought it was not polite to those who were waiting, so I prepared an intermission like this."

"An interlude event?"

While everyone was puzzled, a woman who was much taller than Geese came out of the main office.

"......uh?"

Archangel of Decomposition, Satiel.

"I am introducing. New power to lead the future of Jive. It is the army of heaven."

The roof of the main office flashed, and hundreds of flashes of light intersected and soared into the sky.

Each flash of light was an angel, and judicial halos of different concepts unfolded at the same time.

"Damn it."

The faces of the officials turned pale at the overwhelming power that seemed to shake the world.

Geese opened his arms.

"Welcome to Jive."

Rules of the Holy War (1)

Looking up at the assembly of angels that filled the sky, the kings were devastated.

'I didn't think so.'

I had heard reports that the army of Heaven had disappeared from Jive.

'Attracting an angel?'

Humans can trade even with ghosts if they know what they want, but the shock was considerable.

'Was there any room for compromise? At that scale, it could bomb a country.'

Satiel quickly scanned the procession of each country.

'Where is Ikael?'

It doesn't seem to be next to the Nephilim.

'Did you steal it already? no, that can't be As long as I'm here... ...

Her eyes widened.

'Satan!'

Gustav Havitz.

Although the form was different from when he fought in heaven, Satan's energy was the same.

The culprit of the collapse of heaven that annihilated countless angels, including the archangel of union, Methiel.

"How dare you say this place... ...

Harvits, feeling Satiel's soaring rage, was the first to show interest.

"Hoo? angel?"

He climbed onto the saddle and turned around to sit down, hugging Urin's waist and shielding her from the sunlight with his hand.

"Hmm, it's Satiel. It's a familiar feeling. Yes, I swallowed them."

Feeling more essential than memory, Havitz absorbed all of Satan's past.

"Ooh, that's scary."

Hearing the angels' intent to kill through God's frequency, Habitz nodded.

"A very firm resentment. those are the problem Everything has to be clear." I saw Satiel with her eyes wide open.

"Eh, eh."

He pulled out his long tongue and moved the tip of his tongue up and down as if licking Satiel in a landscape.

Satiel's starlight body vibrated terribly.

"You wormy bastard!"

"Heh heh. eh, eh. Heh heh heh." Even as she couldn't contain her laughter, Havits teased her tongue even more messily.

"I'll take it apart!"

Satiel's asteroid spread into a halo, and the angels in the sky took a bombardment stance.

Geese said calmly.

"Be patient."

"shut up. Don't tell me this or that from a human being. Shall I kill you first?"

"That doesn't matter, but Ikael will like it if I make a fuss here?" The ring of light returned to the sphere.

"Satan is also in the plan. Trust me. Ikael will be less fortunate than you."

'Ikael.'

Hearing Satiel gnashing his teeth, Gis raised his lips.

'The reason I can make a deal with an angel. Because Satiel's motives are extremely human.'

Although the fire was set by Ikael in the first place.

'Emotions are desires. And as long as they have desires, they can control anything.'

Like the people of Jive.

Satiel said as she turned to the headquarters.

"I won't wait long. Bring Ikael and make her shed tears of blood."

"... ... All right."

While the ordinary angels disappeared one by one, officials from other countries were serious.

'It's a mountain beyond the mountain.'

Shirone said.

"The number of ordinary angels that Satiel has gathered is over 300. If you add Mara, I think it's probably the best firepower of a single country."

It is not the humanity of the past.

"One-third of the world's population has shrunk. 30 countries have disappeared from the map. There is a shortage of key personnel, and now there is no great power to do this."

Lufist turned his head.

"Cards from other countries are not easy. Tormia is also a problem, but your convictions are also carried through

It seems difficult to do." Shirone's eyes narrowed in thought.

"total war."

"Argan. Freeze."

Shirone stopped at the place where the Pyramid of Truth shimmered on the horizon.

"Yes, Messiah."

While the party looked at them incredulously, the two apostles immediately bent their knees.

"Go to Jive. Right Now."

"Yes?"

I couldn't figure out why I suddenly changed my destination with the Pyramid of Truth right in front of me.

"How come... ...

"I found the whereabouts of the angels. All 12 apostles will be summoned. Follow my instructions there."

At the word angel, the apostle's eyes changed.

"All right."

As soon as the words were finished, the apostles who kicked off the ground and flew up turned into dragons.

The image of the machine dragon and the ice dragon flying high into the sky in an instant reminded Ares and the others of the new world.

'Yes, it was a dragon.' He was the one who restored the parched Nagnak Oasis with tremendous magic.

Glenn was worried.

"Is it okay without the dragon? The Pyramid of Truth is an unknown space where little is known."

Now that Rukia's emotional illness has been put on hold, the next thing to think about is safety.

Canis shot.

"If you don't have confidence, go back. Even without dragons, we have been doing well together."

Glenn didn't lose either.

"It means to be fully prepared. Power departure is a big variable in any situation. I heard that wizards are smart, but now that I see them, it seems that not all of them are like that."

"What is it?"

The conflicting emotions at Nagnak Oasis showed signs of spilling over into the second game.

"So, when your lover is sick...

Canis stopped speaking startled.

"Sheesh, it's okay."

He also had a precious person named Arin.

Feeling that fact, Glenn's feelings softened, but it was necessary to make it clear.

"It is true that Yahweh helped Rukia. Maybe I could pay it back with my life. But the faith will not be broken. I still deny him."

"Who said what? Got it."

Isn't it petty to help in hopes of getting something in return?

Of course, it was not something everyone could do, so Glenn belatedly acknowledged Canis.

'... ... Still a wizard.'

When Canis grumbled and returned to her seat, Arin smiled and held her hand.

- You did well. Kill your temper please. It was a mental channel.

- What am I? You've been whining ever since. Of course, it's not that I don't understand.

It would have been terrifying if Arin was in that situation.

"Whoops."

Arin, who smiled at Canis for a while, kissed him on the cheek in front of everyone.

When Canis' face turned red like a carrot, Shirone smiled and looked away.

'You're still doing just fine.' Even so, I didn't expect Canis to be taken aback by kissing me on the cheek.

'It's worse than me.'

Glenn, who was looking at him with envy, glanced away, and Rukia raised one eyebrow.

"what?"

"yes? Oh no, did you just see it?"

"It's tricky."

Rukia pinched Glenn's forearm hard.

"Ouch! Sorry!"

There was no doubt about their love for each other, but as priests, they were clumsy in expressing their feelings.

Ares put his hand on Shirone's shoulder.

"There is love like this, and there is love like that.

It is there."

"Ah yes. Yes."

Silence passed.

As the awkwardness reached its climax, Ares pushed his face in and asked softly.

"I guess my little sister is 'safe', right?"

"Yes? Oh, that's... ...

Ares burst into laughter when Shirone stuttered, unable to hold the standard of 'safely'.

"It's a joke! I can tell just by looking at it. I'm telling you as an older brother, you have to be determined. Once Karmis burns, it won't stop until it becomes the best."

Watching Ares walking towards the Pyramid of Truth, Shirone put on a puzzled expression.

'What kind of brother is that?'

Then, couples Canis and Arin, Glenn and Rukia walked hand in hand.

There is love like this and there is love like that.

'I hope everyone is happy.'

Shirone followed them, and the reticent Youfra and Zulu moved from the rear.

"Oh, the Pyramid of Truth/

The endlessly gigantic structure overwhelms humans with its size alone.

As Ares knelt down and performed his own ritual, Arin said.

"Kanis, this... ...

her voice was trembling.

"yes. How do you look?"

Arin recognizes everything as if he is seeing it for the first time, but this time it was severe.

"I don't know. What is this? huge light. However, black drops sprinkled like noise... ...

It was a color that mixed light and dark, but did not feel harmonious at all.

'It's bizarre. It's hard to even see. What does this form mean that emotional disease can be cured?'

Zulu said.

"The Pyramid of Truth existed before human civilization existed. The ancient Kingdom of Paras also built many pyramids based on this pyramid. It is the king's tomb."

Shirone said.

"It is meaningful. Did the ancient kings know that the afterlife was connected to the outside?"

The ultra-ancient civilization did not exist in Omega because it erased the records on its own.

"I don't know how much they understood the outside world. However, if you remember that the kingdom of Paras is the beginning of astrology, it cannot be denied."

"Astrology."

Ability to transcend time.

"Ready."

After completing the ritual, Ares took up his backpack.

"Let's go in. Whatever it is, if you investigate it, it will come to light. Maybe I will meet God."

"Oh God."

While Glenn and Rukia were talking, Shirone walked to the Pyramid of Truth.

Compared to the overall size, it would be smaller than a crack, but I could see a gap that a person could enter.

Surprisingly, it wasn't dark inside.

"It's strange."

When Ares turned off the lantern, it became a bit dark, but there was still no difficulty in discerning.

"There is no place for light to enter. How can we see it?"

"It looks like an electron."

Shirone said.

"Electrons in the atmosphere emit weak light. I feel pretty bad."

The skin tingled.

"Hmm, but for an electron to emit light, a certain amount of energy must be applied to it. ... ... no way?"

"Yes. Perhaps the energy is produced in this pyramid itself."

"Is it possible? This is a relic from before history."

"It must be the same principle as Oparts. Everything in the ultra-ancient civilization generates electricity."

"Then it's infinite power, right?"

"At least from the perspective of this world. More importantly, the electric field of Oparts disrupts brain waves. Erasing even the data of the Akashic Records

Same. be careful."

"Right. now! Let's all be careful."

Ares made a bone-chilling joke, but it wasn't in the mood for a laugh.

Kanis looked around the room along the maze-like path and put on a serious expression.

'It's really big.'

The overwhelming feeling of seeing it from the outside was incomparable to experiencing it now through the body.

'There will be no end to researching everything. The problem is that none of the rooms show signs of civilization.'

It was a characteristic of super-ancient civilizations.

Ares, who had been reciting geography with red eyes, suddenly stopped walking.

"This is not a room. I can't find the intention. I just think it was because we needed a lot of space in this shape and size."

"Couldn't it be controlling the flow?" Shirone said.

"A complicated road. Rooms of different sizes. irregular arrangement. If this structure is designed to create a special invisible flow... ...

"So electricity happened. Hmm."

When Ares was lost in thought, Arin looked behind him and said with his eyes wide open.

"Canis, look over there."

Blue letters glowed on the walls of the aisle and started coming towards them.

Rules of the Holy War (2)

Shirone and the others carefully examined the letters flowing along the wall where they were.

Shirone shook her head.

"I don't know."

The fact that it was impossible to decipher with the Ultima System was proof to the outside world.

"Maybe texting. Because it has a menarche similar to the shape I have seen so far."

At Arin's words, Canis groped the wall.

"A weak current."

There were different types of grooves in the walls, and electricity ran through them.

"This is my first time. If this is a language, there are too many types of grids. I can't find the same one."

Ares asked.

"What exactly does that mean?"

"Language is a container for thoughts. If there is a civilization that can speak this language, it must have thoughts beyond human imagination. Otherwise, texting like this is just a waste of space."

"For example, there are quite a lot of symbols that can be created by shining light on a square grid, such as vertical lines, horizontal lines, and right-angled inequality signs. The combination alone is enough to make a language. But the problem is that even the grids are all different. If you think about what kind of information you need this kind of language to handle... ...

Canis rested her chin.

"Isn't it a means to mark the time?"

"hour?"

"For example, if there is a word apple, an apple is still an apple after a second. However, this character also changes its meaning over time. Therefore, the moment you know the meaning of a certain letter, you can even know the time. The past, present, and future are all contained in these letters."

A chill was felt.

"It's a fourth-dimensional language. Still, is there any way to know the meaning at least roughly? It is a matter of life and death."

"Deciphering ancient letters is like solving a magic square. Even letters have ranks. It is said that the power is different depending on how many situations it is connected to. Taking an apple as an example again, isn't it used in numerous situations such as eating, dropping, and opening? On the other hand, words like packing apples and smoking apples are not often used."

Canis pointed at the wall.

"If apples are nobles, these letters are all kings. Because no two grids are the same. Even simple geometric shapes are all different."

Glenn pointed to the wall.

"I think the triangle here is there too?"

"It must be subtly different."

Ares activated the crimson eyes.

"... ... The coherence of the three angles shows an error of 0.7 degrees. But is it really possible that none of the letters inscribed on the pyramid overlap?"

"It is possible."

Shirone said.

"It is difficult to see with the naked eye. Mathematically, shapes can be created infinitely. because... ...

Zulu said.

"Percentage of circumference. Because the pie never ends."

"Yes. In the shape of a circle, there is an infinite figure. It's like how mages define the number of laws. And if these letters are the number 1 of the law, it is impossible to decipher them from the inside. We need an Ultima from the outside world."

said Canis.

"To conclude, decoding is impossible. This is because the characters engraved here can be used in all situations. Even without a context, it has meaning in itself."

"??????angel."

"yes?"

Sensing the party's gaze, Shirone explained.

"As you know, angels are the embodiment of concepts. Because he can apply one concept to all situations."

It is called the judicial halo.

"Thus, the status of angels can be seen as the same as the status of the letters written here. In a word, all the letters written here... ...

Ares groaned.

"Are they all angels?"

Silence passed.

The procession of letters advancing along the wall was like watching an angel run.

"Pooh."

Ares sorted it out.

"Okay, let's assume that each of these letters has the power of an angel. And that's what fills this huge pyramid. Why? For what?"

"That might be... ...

The moment Shirone was about to speak, Harvest rose from Kanis' shadow.

"Kanis, it's a wave." Something was walking in the darkness where the blue letters disappeared.

Since they had gone through all kinds of battles, they quickly prepared themselves for battle and waited.

"what... ... Hey."

I couldn't stop my mind from going dizzy when I saw the form of the person who appeared.

The naked body was human, but above the neck was a small pyramid.

Shirone activated Miracle Stream.

"who is this? Reveal your identity."

The pyramid man stopped in sight of each other and stretched out his right arm.

Powerful waves rushed in, and Harvest, born from vibration, converted them into language.

-Arin, connect the spirit channel!

As the mental magic unfolded, Shirone and the others heard the voice of the Pyramid Man.

-I am human.

Goosebumps rose in the moment, and they instinctively chose to fight and jumped out.

"Do it!"

And at the same time, the timeline was twisted.

"Taha!"

Yufra, who passed by swinging his twin swords, sensed the change and hurriedly stopped.

"what?"

The group was nowhere to be seen.

In the boring landscape of the pyramids, only letters emitting blue light passed by.

"huh."

He aimed his sword at the darkness on both sides.

"I don't know what kind of trick it is, but it would be better to come out smoothly. No one can pierce my sword net."

As I slowly moved 10 meters with crab steps, I heard footsteps around the corner.

"There!"

As Yufra quickly turned around, a young prosecutor came around the corner.

"foot... ... Zach?"

He was a colleague with whom he studied swords as a child.

"How are you here?"

Unknowingly, Yufra, who had been moving her steps, hurriedly came to her senses and raised her sword.

'No, Balzac is dead. Besides, isn't that what he looked like when he was young? He I know...

He was a genius recognized by everyone, but he died in battle after being caught up in wide-area magic.

"Yuprah, you've become a great swordsman."

"Keugh!"

Balzac's smile was not deceitful, but Youfra felt insulted.

"Eliana will like it too." Balzac's wife.

She was also the only woman that Yufra devoted his whole life to and kept in his heart.

"Shut up, you son of a bitch!"

With blood vessels in her eyes, Yufra spewed forward, spewing out external gravity.

Where the sword drew the X, Balzac was not there.

"Huh! Huh!"

Mentally exhausted, Youfra let out her arms and let out a heavy breath.

"What is it?"

It's a painful memory when I look back, but it was a memory so old that I don't even have to look back now.

'It's over 40 years ago. I haven't thought about it for over 10 years. But why... ...

Did it appear before my eyes now?

"Canis! Canis, where are you?" Running through a maze-like complex road, Arin called Canis' name without stopping.

'Suddenly they all disappeared. What happened?'

If this was a hallucination, there was no way Arin, a mind mage, would not notice it.

"It's not magic. It is something that actually happened."

said to be human.

'It had the same shape as the Pyramid of Truth. Why are you a human and not a human?'

She stopped.

'It's not a good thing to just walk around. If we don't get a clue, we'll keep going astray.'

wah wah.

A cry was heard from somewhere.

"yes?"

Turning her head, she saw a completely different landscape than she expected.

'Here... ... Rhythm?'

Horrible memories flooded in as the five senses began to accept Radum.

"no. It can't be Radum all of a sudden. This is magic."

I tried to shock my mind countless times, but the scenery in front of my eyes didn't change at all.

"Aye! Aye!"

The cries were now real.

When Arin turned her head, the injured woman was running with heavy breathing.

'I lost a lot of blood. But... ... It's the menarche of someone who has already prepared for death.'

Then a shout broke out.

"Follow me! Kill them as soon as you find them!" As if no one saw Arin, the woman passed by and the soldiers approached.

"Damn it! The place he ran away from was Radum. You can't change it like this."

Arin was overcome with fear for a moment.

'Why are you doing this? heart... ...

It was strange that her emotions could not be controlled because she had a strong mental fluidity.

"Breath, I can't breathe." I don't know why, but everything that's happening here and now is terrible.

"Canis, come quickly. please."

'Who the hell is that woman?'

Meanwhile, Kanis, who is experiencing the same radum, quickly chased after the woman.

Although not as sensitive as Arin, his heart was beating uncontrollably.

'Where did you go?'

I saw a woman turning a corner.

'Hong, Radum is my hometown. Even if I run with my eyes closed, I can follow him.'

Then the soldiers came running.

"damn! It must have been fatal. What is so fast?"

"What should I do, chief? If she speaks up, we won't be safe either."

"You have to catch it before that. Probably trying to hide the baby. I can hear you crying, so take a good look."

'A baby?'

The captain continued.

"I heard they are twins. one male, one female. You must never miss it."

At that moment, Canis' heart sank.

"Twins... ...

No, no.

"It can't be. It never happened!"

- Canis, calm down. heart beat too fast At this rate, a shock comes to the brain.

'no.'

The fact is... ... .

No, the days when I doubted that it might be possible.

I don't remember coming to Radum.

However, Kanis and Arin were Asians, and their growing up process was almost the same.

'No!'

There must be some reason.

'Yes, absolutely not. How many Asians came in through the immigration policy.'

- Canis! breathe! die soon!

"Aaaaaaa!"

Letting out heavy breaths, Kanis followed the woman along the Ladum shortcut.

Exhausted, she was on her knees.

"Hey, you! Who the hell are you?"

Canis' face turned pale as she shouted at her back.

"Uh, uh... ... ?"

"no!"

Arin sat down and covered his ears.

"I'm sorry, baby."

A woman who laid fraternal twins on the floor was strangling one.

"Forgive this mother."

I know how women are treated in Radum.

"yes... ... baby."

"I would be much happier to die. Don't worry. Mom will follow soon."

The woman looked back at the baby next to her.

"sorry. Live on behalf of her sister. Her mother can't close her eyes if you die too."

"Ouch... ... . Kuk... ...

The strangled baby's eyes seemed to be rolling, but suddenly he looked at the woman with a clear gaze.

"Ahhh... ...

The eyes were clearly looking at something, and the pale woman stepped back.

"Aaaaa!"

The moment the half-mad woman screams and leaves the place.

Canis and Arin's eyes met.

Hexa's smoke self-illuminated Shirone asked while looking back at the front.

"What did you do?"

The party disappeared, and the only thing in front of me was a man with a pyramid head.

"Where has everyone gone? Answer me. If judged to be hostile, I have no choice but to subdue you."

The moment the Miracle Stream spreads sharply, the Pyramid Man tilted his head.

"why... ...

Ultima read the waves in the atmosphere.

"Aren't you bound?"

When Shirone frowned, not understanding, the pyramid man asked again.

"Why are you... ...

It can be said to be the karma of all creatures.

"Is there no cause?"

Rules of the Holy War (3)

After escaping from the paladin's pursuit, Shiro and his party took a moment to breathe in a secluded place in the Vatican.

It used to be a place where prayer rooms were lined up, and now it was empty and felt even shady.

Shirone said.

"I don't think he's doing anything in public. Let's go down to the basement."

"But they must be guarding it? If they knew we didn't leave the Vatican, they would read our thoughts."

"I can't help it then. By breaking through the front... ...

Crying was heard in the hallway.

"Huh. Whoa."

Leaning my back against the wall, I looked out the corner and saw a woman with a spear walking towards me, weeping sadly.

"God Krea, why is the world so turbid? give me courage Nade spoke of the power to subjugate everyone to your feet.

"Why are you here? Are you crazy?"

"In a sense."

Shirone guessed.

"It must be a paladin of the heresy management department. Maybe if I'm right... ... The one who weeps."

"Are you crying?"

"It's the title of those belonging to the Heresy Management Department. Those who cry, those who laugh, those who mourn, those who are angry. And the Holy Knight Commander of the Heresy Management Department is the one who forgives."

"Excessive. Confining human emotions to one tendency."

Shirone nodded.

"I heard that it has disappeared these days, but according to Oh Mega's records, Lamie's holy knights have been specially trained since they were born. Austerity of mind and body. Among them, the training received by the Heresy Management Department was so terrible that Shirone couldn't even speak.

"Huh. God, please punish me, a sinner."

Nade came to his senses when he heard a woman's voice close by.

"Let's conquer it first. If I ran away with such a strange person on my tail, would I feel bad for my backbone?"

said Iruki.

"Don't be too strong. Like before... ...

"okay. It's been a while, so it's just that it's hard to control."

Nade, who generated electricity through his fingers, turned the corner and charged at the woman as if by surprise.

"I'll knock you out in one hit."

"Hey, hehe. My god... ...

When Nade approached with spark magic and applied an electric shock to the back of her neck, the woman's body trembled.

' done.'

The moment she thought that, the woman's body twisted and the tip of the spear flew toward her neck at terrifying speed.

"Keugh!"

The blade passed in front of Nade's eyes, who leaned back in the air, and the woman let out a scream close to screaming.

"Oh God!"

'That's a lot of speed. But... ...

Nade, who was in a state of brain regeneration, was so fast that even Shirone could not catch him.

The window passed, and Nade, who took a detour while generating static electricity, this time filled his palms with electricity.

"Eh."

With a popping sound, the clothes on her side were burned, and the woman who dropped the spear vibrated with her limbs spread out.

'Now.'

After kicking off the ground, Shirone pushed the light of agape into her forehead, just like Seina did.

"Ahhh... ...

I wondered if the woman's tears would stop for a moment... ... .

"God, my God."

Blood flowed down the pupils.

With her lips barely moving, her vocal cords swayed and a sharp voice was heard.

"You bastard like this dog."

'I can't clean up. It's a huge brainwashing.'

"Die!"

Just before the woman charged, nailing her nails, Nade struck her back with both hands.

With a bang, the woman's body flew over Shirone's head and landed on the wall in the hallway.

"Sigh. Sigh."

Nade let out a rough breath, and this time even Iruki couldn't pinpoint him.

"It's a fanatic. It could have been dangerous."

Iruki approached the fallen woman and checked her pulse.

"I am not dead. But... ...

Where her clothes were burned, her back was visible.

Even though only part of the body was checked, there were traces of torture.

"Did you get whipped? How can the human body become like this?"

"Go to sleep."

Shirone is approaching.

"The mission of the Heresy Management Department is to find and torture heretics. But that's definitely an evil methodology. So, the heresy management department of Lamy Church... ... Before you torture someone, you have to inflict pain on yourself."

As the atmosphere cooled, Shirone continued.

"Otherwise, the divine power cannot be displayed. But this is really dangerous. The experience of dealing with a terrible self-harm is intact... ...

said Iruki.

"It can be done to others. Without a single word of guilt, calmly."

"yes. Anyway, it's been a problem. If it is brainwashed to the extent that it cannot be purified by agape, "Hee hee. Hee hee hee."

Laughter was heard from the hallway on the other side.

"God, I am so happy."

After discovering numerous shadows, the party turned around the corner and ran away without saying who was first.

"Chicken meat is sprouting. What are you going to do? They say that if it is not purified, there is no choice but to beat it."

"There is no end to catching and fixing one person at a time. Let's find the evidence. Find your way underground... ...

Shirone stopped walking.

"damn."

From the side of the hallway, about 10 paladins were walking hand in hand.

"God bless the world. I wish everyone happiness."

the one who prays

Their prayers gathered together and hummed, and laughter was heard from the other side.

"Is there no choice but to fight?"

The door to the prayer room opened, revealing a familiar face.

"Come this way."

It was Seina.

Thinking that it was normal rather than people rushing in from the hallway, the group went into the prayer room.

When Seina activated the device in the fireplace, the wall opened and a secret passage appeared.

"Follow. hurry. If I get caught by them, I'm doomed too."

As he followed her into the secret passageway, both hands grabbed Shirone by the collar.

"Yahweh! You bastard!"

Nade and Iruki approached in a sudden situation, but Shirone raised a hand to stop them.

"What have you done to me? Why is the divine power weakening!"

Shirone calmly accepted Seina's fierce gaze.

"nothing. It's just brainwashed."

"Brainwashing?"

The hand holding the collar loosened for a moment, but then he lifted the Shirone with even stronger force.

"What nonsense are you talking about? I'm not brainwashed. A paladin from the Trust Management Department."

"You don't even have to ask me, do you know it yourself?" Moments later, Shirone's feet touched the ground.

"Sigh. I'm going crazy, really."

Shirone asked.

"There is something I want to hear. The harsh training of paladins, is it still going on?"

"... ... Although officially abolished." Seina opened her mouth with difficulty.

"It is showing signs of a revival after World War II. Because the number of Paladins is much less than before the war."

"The heresy management department?"

"I don't know where. Even if it's the same paladin, the Heretic Management Department is supposed to only approach up to the third rank in the Vatican hierarchy."

"It's number three. The first is the pope, and the second?"

"... ... The Holy Knight Commander of the Heretic Management Department, Vanisa."

He was a forgiving person.

"If number two is the root of the problem, there is only number three."

"That's right, High Priest Maximus. However, he is not feeling well right now and is recuperating. It seems that a woman named Rukia was injured because she awakened her demonic powers."

Iruki asked.

"What kind of education do paladins receive?"

"Everything against evil. I push my mind and body to the limit, then memorize the phrase. We are loyal to God, we reject the words of those who deny God, the same."

Seina trembled.

"It's a tough process, but I didn't think it was unreasonable at the time. Because I thought it was a natural process to fight evil. But now... ... I don't know."

Was it really his will?

Seina glared at Shirone and questioned.

"Even if I was baptized by you, my belief in Krea hasn't changed! But why did the divine power weaken?"

"You can get it back." Shirone said.

"If the doubts in your heart are cleared. You need to go through the process of believing in God yourself. So if you have any doubts, check it out now. Whichever you choose, be sure of yourself."

Seina, who was deep in thought while biting her lip, asked.

"What can I do?"

"Take me to the basement of the Holy See. what's going on there Because you can never reach good in a coercive way."

"... ... That's the territory of the Heresy Management Department. Because it's underground, you rarely run into it even within the Vatican."

Having made up her mind, she turned around.

"Follow. I don't know how helpful it will be, but I'll try as far as I can."

"Paras Kingdom! Entrance!"

While the nations participating in the temple were taking a break at the headquarters, the kingdom of Paras arrived.

'It's fast.'

Even if it was through the space movement magic circle, it was a distance that could not be reached without the highest level of mobility.

A man with a huge serpent wrapped around his neck rested his chin on a golden carriage at the head of the procession.

'Kitra. The new king of Paras.'

The current ruler of the Middle East is Kashan, but everything in Kashan started with Paras.

'The beginning of civilization.'

It was a procession full of pride that it was the place where intelligence began.

"It doesn't look like much."

Rufist spat out, but Shirone didn't answer.

"Why?"

"No, no."

It was Shirone who is currently confronting a person called Human in the Pyramid of Truth.

"Emotional disease."

Shirone murmured.

"The king of Paras may have been cured of his emotional illness."

Paras procession arrived in front of the headquarters.

Kitra opened her mouth, making eye contact with Cirone, who was standing inside the window.

"Did you receive the baptism of seal?"

' Also.'

Shirone was convinced.

'The reason King Kytra approved of exploring the Pyramid of Truth. already... ...

his eyes shone fiercely.

'It's already been in and out.'

As if reading Shirone's thoughts, Kitra gave a cool smile.

"Human karma."

cause.

"It's a really awkward thing."

A man in a robe approached the king and whispered softly.

"Your Highness, it's time to change your destiny."

At that moment, Shirone did not miss the madness in King Kitra's eyes.

'The astrologer. They are the most dangerous.' It was the think tank of the kingdom of Paras, the zodiac.

"Glen! Where are you? Glenn!"

Inside the time-warped pyramid, Rukia searched for Glenn.

'Please be safe.'

Her powers can overwhelm opponents, but Glenn's specialty is only recovery.

"Where did you go?"

The moment I took my first step again, the landscape changed, just like everyone else.

'Here?'

A priestly education institute under the jurisdiction of the Holy See. It was where Rukia first met Glenn.

"Here, you fool!"

Seventeen-year-old Glenn and Rukia were running around the empty chapel like a playground.

'Glen.'

A smile formed on Rukia's lips.

It was a time when I just enjoyed playing with friends at an age where I didn't know the world.

"Hey, it was so slow that it exploded... ...

"These guys!"

The nun in charge opened the door and sighed.

"What are you doing in the sacred chapel! Today is an important day, so I told you to take care of yourself!"

"Hey!"

A middle-aged man walked by the nun as Glenn and Rukia froze.

"Heh heh, don't blame me too much. It was like that when I was that age. It was the same for me."

He was currently third in the hierarchy of the Holy See, Maximus Archpriest.

Rules of the Holy War (4)

"High Priestess."

Seeing the face of the High Priestess Maximus, Lukia fell into sadness.

' sorry.'

He was the second most respected priest after the pope, and he was severely injured.

'I didn't mean to hurt you.'

It's probably because you can't control your mind.

He was angry when he objected to dating Glenn, and he believed that the devil's power was manifested because of his disrespectful heart.

'This is a test given to me.'

I will prove my innocence to High Priest Maximus by subduing the demon in my left hand.

"yes?"

As memories of the past unfold, Rukia notices Maximus looking blankly at the 17-year-old herself.

'Is that so?'

I don't remember.

Because even then, I had no idea how great a man named Maximus was.

However, now that she has learned a lot, she found a strangely worried feeling in the eyes of the high priest.

'I'm not the kind of person who would make a face like that.'

At that moment, time was twisted again, and the past of the high priest, not her, unfolded.

"Irene."

The sight of the youthful Maximus blushing in front of a woman caught my eye.

'That woman... ...

Although not identical like twins, Rukia sensed that she resembled him.

cause.

Time goes backwards again... ... .

"Oh, I need to eat."

As Maximus was toddling, he saw his mother feeding him soup.

' Why?'

A woman who resembles Irene and Rukia.

'Why are you showing me this?'

cause.

The landscape changed to an educational center again.

"Who is that child?"

When Maximus pointed at Rukia, the homeroom nun said proudly.

"He is the most outstanding post-priestly student in the education center. It has great divine power."

"Right."

This time, Rukia also remembered.

Maximus had a brief conversation with her and left a benediction that if she worked hard, she would be able to work for God at the Holy See.

'These words changed my life.'

That night, I saw the scenery of Maximus lying on the cot and losing sleep.

'No, I don't want to see things like this. To spy on someone's bedroom.'

"Irene."

Loved her so much, but Maximus was ambitious.

'If I could turn back time.' If she could go back then she was her first and her last to confess her love.

Maximus got up from bed and left the room.

Rukia was shocked to see him heading to the female trainee dormitory.

Even if it is a high priest, it is a serious crime to invade the area of ????Geumnam.

Walking down the corridor, Maximus cautiously opened the door with the sign Rukia on it.

A 17-year-old girl was soundly asleep.

Maximus, who stared at her, let out a long breath.

The years that ran only for success.

Why did God take only his soul and leave his body in reality?

When he first saw Rukia in the chapel, Maximus suddenly had this thought.

could i get it back?

Looking at the hand of the high priest who was slowly reaching out, the real Rukia gasped.

He clenched his fists.

'no! what is this... ...

Even if I could turn back time, I would have chosen the high priest.

'Don't make stupid choices. Now that I'm the high priest, it's just that I have regrets.'

He looked back in the mirror.

A man with a youthful appearance and a person with everything in the world as an authority on the Holy See.

"Keugh!"

Maximus turned wildly and walked that way down the hallway to the bedroom.

Until dawn, he knelt and struck his thigh with a wooden needle.

"Oh God."

There was blood clotted on his clothes.

"Resist the temptations of the devil." My muscles twitched.

"Purify my soul."

He didn't stop hurting himself until late at night.

"no."

Rukia covered her head.

"I don't want to know. I don't want to know this."

-Ah, my God.

The voices of many people working at the education center sounded like hallucinations.

- Please punish my desire. I want to go to the Papal Office. I want to become a high priest. Please give me strong divine power.

cause, cause, cause.

- Yes. Woong-ae.

If the totality of causes accumulated from the moment of birth is life.

"Do humans really have the ability to determine outcomes?"

said the pyramid-headed man.

"You who have no cause, are you trying to become a god?"

Shirone shook her head.

"Wrong. Even if there is no cause, the will is connected."

leads to the heart

"I also went through a lot of agony over time. I am here through countless choices and mistakes."

"But you do not waver. Are you denying the basis of all the lives that make up you?"

"It is not negative. The cause of all the people who have ever existed in this world is in my memory. It's obviously confusing, and sometimes cloudy."

A person called Yin held out his hand.

"Realize your insignificance."

At the same time as the waves of time rushed in, Shirone emitted the light of agape.

"I forgive you."

The explosive light filled the inside of the pyramid with white light, and the son-in-law fell into darkness again.

phosphorus was not visible.

"Don't underestimate the human heart."

Shirone, who looked ahead with sunken eyes, was convinced after meeting Yin.

that God is here.

Emperor Maximus, recuperating in his room, recalled an incident from long ago.

'Rukia.' When did everything start to fall apart?

'I didn't go to the education center that day. He ended up hurting the kid.'

No, if Irene was chosen, would Rukia be just a trainee?

'In front of life, how shabby do humans become?'

A harsh knock was heard.

"Ambassador. High Priestess."

Maximus frowned.

"Come in."

As soon as the permission was granted, the priest opened the door and entered, his expression pale.

"What is it?"

"That, that... ...

Hearing what was happening in the Vatican, his eyes were filled with bewilderment.

"Yahweh... ... You said you collided with the Heresy Management Department?"

"Yes. There are rumors like that. Even if we try to investigate the truth, the pope is out of town, and the only person with access is the high priest."

He rolled his eyes for a moment and smiled.

"Okay. i go up Will you summon the paladins?"

"Yes. I'm sorry, you're sick too."

Although the part Rukia had suffered was fatal, the treatment was completed with divine power.

"Don't worry. I am here to do these things."

The priest left, and Maximus sighed.

"Damn it!"

The reason why Yahweh remains here is left to guess.

'What a troublesome guy.'

As I was preparing to go up to the castle, I heard a sound coming from the wall.

"Oh, you look busy today?"

Maximus's body flinched, and after a moment a slender hand caressed his shoulder.

"Are you sad? I was going to make you feel a lot better today."

"... ... You said I was going If you get caught, it's over."

The woman's face touched Maximus' cheek.

It was Irene.

"you hate me?"

Of course, it wasn't the real Irene, but seeing her look exactly like her in her twenties made me feel like I had gone back in time.

"You are not Irene."

Elka, a member of the Catacombs of Yahweh's assassination unit and a preacher of Satanism.

It was a demon with the ability to reflect the human mind as a mirror and visually show what they want most.

"Ho Ho! yes, that's right You're a dirty demon. But who was it that gave that demon a bachelor label?"

"Huh."

Maximus' face contorted.

"go away. I don't fall for the devil anymore."

Elka pushed Maximus toward the bed.

"Yes, I will disappear. But will you be okay? Emotional illness may recur."

Maximus had far more things he couldn't give up than others, including the title of high priest.

"Isn't it you who decided to follow the doctrines of Satanism? It's an achievement you've achieved by suppressing your desires for the rest of your life, but you can't just leave it now, can you? When you leave the Holy See, you will be just an ordinary old man."

"no! I... ...

"This is a reward for all the hard work so far. You are still the high priest of Lamie, and now you have a woman you love."

As she laid Maximus on the bed, she opened her mouth and he turned his head.

"God, please. please."

"It's fine. I've had enough He said he endured 60 years."

Evil exploits human weaknesses.

"now stop."

Maximus wept.

"It's my fault. Please don't do this to me."

"I don't want to break your heart, but... ...

A face that looked just like Irene smiled sadly.

"Did I do nothing?"

"iced coffee."

Maximus's eyes rolled back as he felt his mind collapsing, and Elka's lips touched the nape of his neck.

"Moon Kingdom! Entrance!"

As the procession entered, the eyes of those in Delta's headquarters moved.

'The author is King Moon.'

A cloud dragon riding a horse, not a carriage, was sweeping his beard.

"huh! Hiding and spying on buildings like a rat? You don't seem to have the dignity of a king."

If Paras is the source of Kashan, the Kingdom of Moon is the source of Jincheon.

Also, like Paras, what they dealt with best was astrology and the study of the Book of Changes.

said Fleur.

"Both countries use witchcraft. Unless you have a lot of information, you should be careful."

"The most threatening thing is when Paras and Moon hold hands. Deliver it to the dragon mine to block it."

Shirone was still silent.

'The temple hasn't been opened yet.' Compared to the complicated simultaneous events, the temple side was peaceful.

But even that was short-lived, as another country passed through the castle, Shirone's eyes shone.

"The Gustav Empire! Entrance!"

Habitz abandoned his country and attached himself to Kashan, but Gustaf was a great power nonetheless.

A long procession equal to Kashan was visible from afar, and they finally appeared at Delta's headquarters.

'Havitz is gone. Then, who is the current king?'

Until recently, I had been told it was vacant, but it didn't make sense to go to the temple without a representative.

"Me, who is the author?"

When they finally got close enough to see with their own eyes, the leaders of each country murmured.

"Gustav 4 skills? Wasn't he dead?"

I saw a Vulcan wearing a crown in the chariot in which the emperor was riding, and next to him I saw three people sitting unkemptly.

Shirone's expression became serious.

'Smodo, Zetaro, Natasha. Of course, with their abilities, they could take over Gustav. The political credibility is also considerable. But... ...

What is questionable is.

'Why did you come to the temple?'

As if thinking the same thing, everyone's eyes turned to Havitz.

"Hoo?"

Havitz, who had been devouring the food in the banquet hall, approached the window munching grapes.

"I hear you, I hear you."

Through God's frequency, the heart of the 4th Gustav class was conveyed.

An obvious murderous intent without the slightest sympathy.

"Quack."

Harvits opened the window wide and pulled out his face.

"Are you going to kill me? Four things?"

Amidst the buzz of people in the headquarters, Balkan pointed at Habitz with his index finger.

"As expected."

"what? Are you here already?"

Then the remaining three stood up and looked at the direction Balkan pointed.

Silence ensued.

"... ... there is. there is."

A smile popped out of Gustav's 4th skill eyes.

"Havitz, let's sunset!"

Havitz's face when he heard their voices.

"Quack! Kkkkkkkkk!"

"I-I'm crazy... ...

The faces of everyone in the main office were grotesque enough to turn pale.

Rules of the Holy War (5)

'What are you going to do... ...

As Satan revealed his murderous intentions, the captains of the guards in each country took out their weapons.

'If you get caught in vanishing, it's the end. Should I cut it before that?'

It would be talked about later if he killed himself by killing himself, but it was a different story if the target was Havitz.

"Hmm."

At that moment, Havitz's lifelike spirit disappeared, and he calmly walked towards Uorin.

"It will be fun."

Fortunately, there was no commotion, but the observers were in a rather eerie mood.

'Resisting current desires for later pleasure.'

It was atrocious.

After a while, Paras, Moon, and Gustaf entered the headquarters in the order they arrived.

Sensing the increasingly heavy atmosphere, the heads of state first avoided their seats for safety.

"The Jincheon Empire! Introspection!"

In the procession of the Jincheon Empire that arrived at sunset, Shirone looked at Jin Kang's face.

'You look thinner.'

It must be because the daughter is in hell.

"Jin Kang, you're a formidable man."

Albino came.

"No country has been unscathed by war, but it still has the largest population in the world. The brain is Jincheon Space Agency. I heard that a woman named Anchal leads this, isn't she an alumnus of you'?"

"Yes. Anchal dropped out midway through." The albino stroked his beard.

"Three emperors have collapsed, but there are still three empires supporting this world. Kashan, Gustaf, and Jincheon. Perhaps another country will try to collude with one of them."

Shirone realized the true meaning of the words.

"It's true that I have a close relationship with the King of Jincheon, but I'm not the kind of person who handles things with personal feelings."

"That's something you don't know."

The albino's laughter was annoying.

"Where is there anything in the world that is not personal feelings? It is said that it is for a cause right now, but that cause also comes from the heart. Are there any ways to get into a corner? If you are, even more."

"Mister Albino."

Shirone wanted to make sure.

"Jin Gang sent his daughter to hell. That daughter saved humanity. Doesn't that mean anything?"

"I'm not trying to fight you."

The albino was unconcerned.

"Once you bump into it, you can do anything. Even if you don't build a pit, the results are bound to come out. It's like mixing cold and hot water. The question is, who drinks the water? The reason you attended the temple as a Tormia nationality must be because the people you know best are here. In other words, it must be easy to control."

"I am......

"You want to say trust? no matter yes Anyway, the choice is each one's own. If you're worth a lot, I'll try to ingratiate you too... ...

The albino shrugged as he turned around.

"Who knows? what will happen." Shirone protects the albino who gets away

While watching, Lufist approached.

"Don't take it too seriously. After all, he is the one who came here to take responsibility for the future of the people of Tormia."

Words are bound to be cold.

"Honestly, there are parts of me that agree with you. Thank you for choosing the Tormia nationality. I hope Yahweh will save mankind. But after that? Again, it's a competition between countries. When that moment comes, I don't want to see Tormia fall. Albino-san must know that too." Lufist turned his head.

"You are a key figure with the widest and deepest connections in the temple. In a sense, it can be called the 13th country. To be honest, I want to use you. It's okay to refuse if you don't like it. But... ... I hope there will be no words like betrayal."

It was a problem that I had to mention once before the temple.

'Betrayed.' While Shirone was lost in thought, the kingdom of Iron arrived.

It was the only country that kept the royal authority while Fermi took control of the 7 Southern Kingdoms.

Rufist said.

"It has a rational political system. The consensus is that it won't stand out in the temple either. Moderately strong, moderately flexible."

I saw a familiar face next to Basak, King of Iron.

'Shura of the Ten Lords.'

She, who was on the moon with Buddha, came down to the world.

Lufist murmured.

"Why did you choose Iron?"

"It must be Baron."

Shirone's eyes softened.

'The Veron problem.'

Are humans capable of changing the outcome?

'It's something only God can do. But Veron left a last-minute possibility.'

The iron pole he planted in the kingdom of Iron was still embedded in the depths of the law.

'A result unshakable by a cause. It's just a pure will without any color.'

It was a hint to confront God.

Around midnight, the tribal union in the south and the four kingdoms of Arach, representing the 10 kingdoms in the archipelago, arrived.

Rufist said.

"They are not the core nations of this crusade. But the South needs to keep an eye on it. Because many tribes were united during the war. It means that each individual's shamanism has been combined into one. The number of demons has decreased due to Gaold's madness, but it is also meaningful that the only continent that has wiped out demons is the southern continent."

Shirone asked.

"How about Arachne?"

"There are many beauties." After a brief impression, Shirone turned to Lufist.

"Why? Are my words strange?"

"It is famous enough to hold a world beauty contest. But shouldn't we be underestimated enough to enter the 12th station of the temple?"

"You are misunderstanding something."

Rufist pointed at Arachne.

"It is said that all places where people live are the same, but as the borders are different, the philosophies of each country are also different. This is Nara, who has studied beauty for decades. Children grow up dreaming of world beauty contests. That is, the size of the manpower pool is different. And that attraction has permeated all of Arachne's politics as well as society in general. It's to the point where people say that you can't win even a small contract without a waitress."

Shirone remembered Rangi.

"You mean professional."

"yes. Available manpower, experience points, databases, etc. In Arachne, beautiful eggs are not improvisational tactics. And the world of beauty sometimes... ...

Rufist's expression turned bitter.

"They're even more powerful than cards like Elemental Bomb Blueprints. Especially in a political arena full of incarnations of desire." Shirone inspected the lavishly decorated carriages in Arachne's procession.

There were dozens of wagons that could fit 10 people, and Lufist was looking at the same place.

"There must have been no intention of becoming a leadership country in the first place. However, there is plenty of room to shake the board in the shadows. All they want is to make as much profit as possible."

A temple opened in the Jive Kingdom.

'Kashan, Gustaf, Jincheon.'

3 empires.

'Iron, Moon, Paras.'

powerhouse of tradition.

'Tormia, Kessia, Corona.'

An upstart faction joining the crusade for the first time.

'The South and Arachne.'

An unknown variable that has not yet been guessed.

'It's starting now.'

The door of the temple was opened.

After leaving the banquet hall, Shirone entered the Tormia area that had been promised in advance.

The hallways were heavily guarded, and Yongleo staff led them to the conference room.

Upon entering the room guarded by the guards, Pony, Albino, Rufist and Flu were gathered around the table.

"Did you find it?"

Rufist said.

"I wanted to hear the briefing. Did I interrupt you?"

"Nope."

As Shirone settled down on one side of the table, Fleur walked over to the standing chart in front.

"This is a place to check the essential elements before the temple. Then we will begin the briefing."

Pulling out his baton, Flew pointed to the large letters on the chart.

"sanctuary. It is an international federation formed by the countries that exert powerful influence in the world. The organization of the temple is largely divided into five. General Assembly, Military Department, Economic and Social Department, Religious Department, International Tribunal Department. Usually, when we say a temple is held, we mean a general meeting."

The baton thumped the chart.

"The military department is commonly called Valkyrie, and until recently, Iruki, who was from Tormia, was the general military commander, but is currently on leave due to emotional illness."

There was no mention of retirement.

"The head of the Ministry of Economics and Social Affairs is Mr. Smith, Chairman of the International Alchemy Foundation. He is from the Jive Kingdom."

"I can't expect any favors."

"Yes. However, it is comforting that the authority has been considerably reduced since the war. The Ministry of Religion is under the jurisdiction of the Lamite Pope, and the International Court of Justice is under the exclusive responsibility of the Red Line Headquarters."

the albino asked.

"Who is the chief? I know they are elected from among those who have served as the president of the association in each country."

"Currently, Mr. Bebeto Socrates is in charge. Nicknamed the stuffed pig. I was the president of the Yakma Republic Magic Association for seven years."

"Does Gaold know?"

"Yes. I also attended a meeting of former presidents of the association along with Mr. Gaold, but the relationship did not seem to be particularly good."

Rufist burst into laughter.

"Who would he be friends with?" Flu explained.

"The temple's affiliated organizations include the World Climate Organization, the World Health Organization, and the World Communications Agency. A delegation from each organization will also attend the event tomorrow."

Seriel was also on her way home after staying up all night.

"This is the outline of the temple. Then, from now on, I will explain the most important method of voting in the temple."

While Shirone corrected her expression, the explanation continued.

"When the temple schedule is over, 12 countries will gather and vote at the same time. Each country can exercise three powers, the first being ROM."

It means power in ancient language.

"A ROM is one vote that can be given to one country or another country."

table of choices.

"The second is Garto. It means favor, and it is one vote given to another country. The thing to remember here is that invalid votes are not possible."

"You have to take a picture."

"Yes. Even if there are three votes, it is ultimately a vote. If you break the rules, it will be regarded as an intention to give up voting itself, and your authority will be revoked."

Flu pointed to the third item.

"Finally, Temika. With authority in the sense of suppression, it will be ROMs that are not used in one country, that is, ROMs that are handed over to other countries. You can erase that mark."

Shirone asked.

"Conversely, when Tormia exercises the authority of ROM against its own country, other countries cannot use Temika to erase it, right?"

"right. When ROMs become too active, there is no upper limit on the auction. To put it simply, one point given to me can be transferred to another person, but that one point is

You run the risk of being erased by a -1 point."

Rufist said.

"The ROM is the key."

"Yes. For example, a country without leadership ambitions like Arachne would probably try to sell this power for the highest price. However, from the perspective of the buyer, there is a deterrent called Temika, so you won't be able to openly buy it."

"Hmm."

Flew continued while everyone was lost in thought.

"Until the vote, the 12 countries are free to negotiate this power, and the country with the highest final vote becomes the leader under the Pope's approval. Arithmetic, 23 votes is the maximum, and the minimum is 0 votes. However, the decision maker must be officially the representative of the country, and if replaced in the middle, the authority of the predecessor will be revoked."

The albino shook his shoulders.

"Keuk keuk keuk, the situation in which the king is being replaced... ...

The smell of blood already seemed to vibrate.

Human unknown (1)

past midnight.

After going down the secret passage of the Vatican, Shirone and the others infiltrated the dark passage with the lights turned off.

'There is a Heresy Management Department at the end of this corridor.' What Shirone wanted was the reality of the heresy management department, so it was necessary to infiltrate it secretly.

According to Seina, the sentries are replaced every 8 hours.

'Regardless of their status, they are priests. It's better not to use mental magic.'

After waiting like that, it was 2:00 in the morning, and footsteps were heard in the dark.

"Ugh, sleepy."

Ordinary priests who stood guard passed by Shirone's party, blinking their eyes.

"Standing on guard when there is no light is a real hardship."

"right. Especially the night sentry." The replacement members were waiting at the end of the hallway.

"Didn't everything happen?"

"Well, no one is coming."

Among the priests, most of them did not even know where the Heresy Management Department was.

'Now.'

As if they had promised, Shirone and the others moved their bodies at the same time.

As we advanced, relying on a small light like fireflies, a large door that smelled like iron was blocking the hallway.

The time it takes for a new sentry to arrive is at most one minute.

'Can I do it?'

Contrary to Seina's concerns, Shirone made the Miracle Stream as thin as a thread and sent it through the locking device.

'sound!'

Seina suddenly realized that when she raised her head, the lock was unlocked.

No sound was heard.

'Vacuum magic.'

The moment I opened the iron door, numerous voices echoed.

"Kuk"

Even with all the sound waves under control, Shirone hurriedly closed the door.

"Oh God! Punish me!"

Screams followed by shouts, and Seina's face turned pale.

"here... ... The Heresy Management Department?"

Iron doors were installed along the corridor like a prison, and all of them were making terrible noises.

"no. It can't be like this." Even if it was underground, it did not sound appropriate to the holy Vatican, a place where the dignity of God resided.

"You wouldn't have thought of that before you were baptized by me."

Seina couldn't resist.

'I already knew.'

Although he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, how the Paladins of the Heresy Management Department would treat heretics.

Now that I realize it, it's not scary.

What's really scary is... ... .

'How could I live without thinking about anything?'

Even though these inhumane things are happening underground in the Holy See.

"let's go. This is just the beginning."

"start?"

Shirone glared at the end of the hallway.

"Paladins are trained from an early age. Do you know where it is?"

Seina searched for memories.

"Of course I don't know. I was too young, and at the time I remember it, it was just somewhere in the mountains."

Shirone pointed to the darkness.

"If you leave this place, you will find a training ground for paladins. The Papal States are not the only Papal States. Mountain ranges extend to the north. There are many villages there. A place where those who have been judged by the Heresy Management Department are exiled."

"A place like that... ... There is a training ground for paladins?"

"It's something we have to check. Let's set off."

Even as Shirone and the others moved forward, Seina was lost in thought.

'Severe training in childhood.'

It was physically and mentally difficult to endure.

'But I got over it. I lived only by that confidence. He has defeated countless evils.'

How did it happen?

'I need to get my divine power back. As Yahweh said, confirm the truth and make your own judgment.'

Following Shirone, Seina was able to see what was happening inside the cage.

"You son of a dog! kill! Kill me!"

angry people.

"Wrong! I was stupid! Ah, the Krea God."

those who pray.

"Hehehe! yes, try more! Give me a taste of heaven!"

those who laugh

Seina's hair stood on end.

"This... ... Paladins of the Heretic Management Department

is it the same as?"

"yes. When thinking itself becomes painful, the human mind becomes very simple. That's why you become blind and strong."

Seina was also strong at one time.

"But that's not really strong. Because what is truly strong is the power to protect, not to destroy."

"Huh. uh huh."

The iron door opened and the Holy Knight from the Heresy Management Department came out.

Tears of blood flowed from his eyes, which were painted all over his body.

'The one who cries.'

"I, I... ... sad. This world, this reality... ...

Even though Shirone and the others were there, he didn't mind and headed to another room.

Iruki's expression became serious.

'It's completely gone. It's not that you haven't seen us. It's already paralyzed to think, so it's acting like a machine.'

Standing in front of the room with the door open, I saw a man who had been brutally beaten.

Seina approached.

"You bleed too much. Wait. Even if hemostasis... ...

"Kill."

the man said

"please... ... kill me Get me out of prison."

Seina, who was looking at the man with a teary expression, closed her eyes and shouted.

"I know enough!"

Yahweh was right.

"I knew I was wrong. So no need to investigate further. let's go Saving the people here is the first thing."

It must have been a normal accident, but Shirone was still lost in thought.

"Kill! You mean kill me!"

As the man struggled, Seina grabbed his hand.

"I'm fine now. We'll get you out of here."

"Kick."

A scratching sound was heard in the man's throat.

"Kick-kick-kick! take it out? What?"

"Yeah, in jail... ...

At that moment, the man's focus became clear for the first time.

"Are there any prisons this wide?"

While everyone was thinking about the meaning of the words, a man suddenly poked his face.

"Kill it! Kill! You mean kill me!"

When blood splashed on her face and Seina felt a chill, she hurriedly retreated.

"It's futile."

A dreary voice came from outside the iron door.

' Suddenly?'

It was a man in a robe that flowed down to the floor, holding chains in both hands.

Iruki asked.

"Who are you?"

"Vanissa."

He was the second in the hierarchy of the Holy See, the one who forgives.

It was the first time even Seina, a paladin from the Trust Management Department, had met him face-to-face.

"How did this happen?"

Vanissa didn't respond.

"To think that such a tragedy is taking place in the Holy Vatican. Who the hell approved it?"

"... ... god."

As Vanissa removed the hood, the robe slid along her body.

Seina, wide-eyed, felt nauseated from the tip of her stomach.

'What have you done to yourself?'

Muscles in certain parts of the body were hollow, so bones were visible, and there were twisted marks on the abdomen as if organs were twisted inside.

Shirone came out.

"I will take it. He is a strong man." Yacha or Banya.

No, maybe something with both of those things.

"Kill... ... Kill me."

Vanissa pointed with her scythe as the tortured man's groans leaked out.

"You are lucky. How about doing it? Have mercy."

Shirone fired.

"It is mercy to get that man out of jail."

" prison?"

The corner of Vanisa's mouth went up.

"We are all in prison.

right here."

His scythe stabbed himself in the chest.

"In the prison of the body."

"A state of perfect restraint that does not allow even one millimeter, that is the body. Look at my body."

As he stretched out his torso, his broken ribs burst through the flesh.

York 99

As Seina turned her head, he spat out.

"Where in this body... is there a place for me to rest?"

Vanissa approached slowly.

"I can't hide anywhere. The pain is completely mine. And that is why God created us."

Nade pulled out the electric shock.

"I'm out of my mind."

"sanity? We are imprisoned the moment we are born, and we suffer endlessly until we are freed from this prison. When the pain becomes unbearable, God opens the prison doors for us."

Vanissa stopped within reach of a scythe if she swung it.

"It is to liberate the mind that has obtained the complete truth from the body. It is you who are insane."

Some people choose suicide at the end of despair.

"That man cannot die by himself. Because he has not yet obtained the truth. And yet, he tries to break out of the prison of his body. I am helping him."

It is sophistry.

I'm sure it is, but the reason I can't refute it is... ... .

'The outside world.'

It was because Shirone now guessed the true identity of God.

'Vanissa doesn't know about the outside world. Hence, self-realized beliefs. But it was also born in extreme pain... ...

A human truth.

"Foolish creatures, God has imprisoned us in bodies. You can never escape the karma of that existence. really repent Realize the truth in pain. I will forgive you."

"Why?"

Shirone wanted to find the truth in the madman.

"Why? Why is God punishing us?"

"only one."

With his head upright, his body leaned forward slowly.

"For the glory of God."

"Harm!"

Nade and Iruki kicked the ground.

On the other hand, Shirone activated Miracle Stream on the spot to protect Seina.

As soon as Vanissa's arms were wrapped in light smoke, she felt tremendous pressure.

"Keugh!"

The reason why you can move even if your muscles are cut off is the divine transcendence.

"Yahweh."

The reason that can overcome the power of the Miracle Stream is beyond the mind.

"You are a heretic."

As Shirone gritted her teeth and swung the smoke of light, Vanissa was pinned against the wall in the hallway.

Wow!

Shirone shouted before the echo of the roar was gone.

"go! Find an exit!"

After confirming Vanisa's skill, Nade and Iruki grabbed Seina's wrist and ran through the hallway.

"Belief, body, philosophy, movement."

Vanisa's body, more damaged than before, stood up like a zombie.

"You think you can do something with it? You are welcome, Yahweh. It is an illusion."

Breaking one of the jarring ribs, he grabbed his scythe and charged again.

"There is no way out of God's prison."

Cayden couldn't sleep.

'Maya.'

He was assigned a room next to Maya, who guarded the Delta Headquarters and the Tormia District's artist quarters.

'Is he sleeping?'

Even if you stare beyond the wall, nothing can be seen, and only the imagination unfolds.

'Let's not be fooled. It was to protect Maya. I don't want anything.'

Then I felt a strange sensation in my lower body.

"yes?" When he looked up to see, his pants were off and his right hand was moving.

"Aww! what's this! Damn it!"

Hand of God Syndrome.

It seems to respond to desire, but I couldn't get a sense of what standard it was moving.

"You stupid right hand! Stop! I am not a monkey!"

Just as the left and right hands struggled to the death, Maya burst open the door.

"Kaden! what's the matter!"

"Ugh! Aaaaaaa!"

Cayden was grateful that his body had superhuman reflexes.

Maya blushed and waved her hand as she hurriedly pulled up the blanket.

"Mi, I'm sorry. I didn't see anything. Really."

'damn! damn!'

Cayden's head was buried in the blanket in frustration.

'It's wrong. I will never be able to protect Maya.,

As if denying his thoughts, the right hand pulled out the index finger and slowly moved it left and right.

Human unknown (2)

Seeing Kayden behaving strangely, Maya put on a dazed expression.

Cayden, who raised his head slightly, witnessed the self-indulgence of his right hand again and hurriedly pulled his arm.

"Damn it! driving me crazy."

"Kaden, are you okay?"

"Ah, that... ...

There was nothing to say.

"what's the matter?"

The entertainers who use the same aisle came out into the hallway, and Reina, the representative of the troupe, entered the room.

"what's the matter? Why?"

The crowd's eyes turned to Kayden, who was covered with a blanket.

Maya didn't know how to explain, but Cayden's face flushed red.

"Hmm."

Reina, who grew up with her siblings, guessed it roughly.

"I thought something big had happened. Maya, never mind. It's because you're healthy. But, Mr. Caden, please pay attention to the sound at dawn."

'Oh, no.'

I tried to make up for it somehow, but my tongue did not move in front of the eyes of many people.

Reina pulled Maya by the shoulder and headed for the door.

"Let's go, Maya."

Then softly whispered.

"I know you're classmates, but be careful. I've been watching him for a while, and his actions seem gloomy and a bit perverted."

"Ah yes."

Maya wanted to say that she wasn't that kind of person, but honestly, she wasn't sure.

"now! all go in I'll call you in the morning, so get a good night's sleep."

Reina dismissed the towers, and in the empty hallway, Maya looked back at Caden's visit.

Meanwhile, Kayden, who hurriedly put up her pants dance, was on the verge of tears.

'Damn it. Fool.'

It would have been better to walk around the town of Jive naked.

If Maya isn't there.

'Let's go back to Tormia. What kind of article is a guy like me? Even if I stay here, it will only cause trouble to people.'

He is just a human being who is suited to drawing the face of the woman he loves in a gloomy room all day long.

Following the knock, Maya's voice was heard.

"Can I come in for a minute?"

Caden's heart sank.

'Not now. Tell me how to look at your face.'

Just when I was about to say no, Maya continued.

"There is something I really want to say. It's important." Caden opened the door and Maya entered the room with a gentle smile.

She slowly looked around the room and turned her head.

"Are your hands okay?"

"yes? ah... ... Cayden, who was looking at his right hand resentfully, let out a sigh and spoke frankly.

"Sorry. You're right. I ended up looking stupid. What should I apologize for... ...

"It's fine. It's not the first time." Cayden's right hand is out of control

I know that.

What you don't know... ... .

"Which one is the truth?"

"yes?"

"You are always nice to me, but on the other hand, your right hand is always trying to do sloppy things. I honestly don't know what you want."

"Absolutely not! What a stupid idea! I never dreamed of such a thing!"

Cayden waved his hands.

However, only the left hand moved, and the right hand was sending an OK sign with the thumb and forefinger curled.

As Maya's expression darkened, her right hand raised a thumb.

"Ah, stop!"

Cayden made a crackling noise and slapped his right arm.

Maya said as the left and right hands unfolded again.

"Kaden, I've been thinking a lot since you confessed. But also I... ... I still can't seem to forget Shirone."

The right arm slowly descended.

Caden's right arm always falls asleep when the name Shirone is mentioned.

"That, yes. I'm not expecting anything in particular... ...

"But."

Maya continued.

"I am trying to forget. Because Shirone has Amy. I can't hold on to Shirone forever either."

Caden's heart beat fast.

"Still, I can't promise. But... ... could you give me a little time Would it be rude to ask such a favor?"

"No, no. can wait I can wait a lifetime, no, forever."

It was an absurd answer, but Maya was able to laugh.

"I am grateful that you always worry about me. sleep well."

"Oh yeah. you also... ...

After Maya left, Caden, who had been nailed to the bed for a long time, collapsed onto the bed.

"You will sympathize."

How pathetic and pitiful it must have been.

"Black."

My eyes were red with tears.

"I didn't say no." The fate of the Red Cross is impossible to achieve what one desperately desires.

It was the first hope that came to Kayden, who had lived under the enormous law.

"I said you can wait."

They are breaking out of the frame God created.

'Maybe I can.'

His right hand reached over his wet eyes and gently covered them.

What happened at the tug's quarters was a trivial incident, but Rye's nerves were on edge.

'Today, he must have been bad.'

I didn't even think about it anyway.

As I passed the towing area and passed the teacher area, I saw someone approaching in the distance.

I knew it just by looking at the limp gait.

'Parka Quan.'

When Rye put her legs together and said hello, Quan also gave a short nod.

"Where are you on your way?"

Quan said without stopping.

"I'm just walking for a while because I'm frustrated."

Quan's honorific expression was uncomfortable with Rye.

"You can keep your voice down. I am uncomfortable."

Rye was superior in terms of position, but Quan was a great swordsman that the world watched.

Rai asked as Quan passed by without saying yes or no.

"Why did you refuse the position of captain of the Guard?"

Quan's steps stopped.

"It may be presumptuous, but I heard that there is affection. Even if it's not for that reason, I think Mr. Quan is more suitable than me."

'Shina.'

I hadn't met him once since arriving at the temple.

One-eyed, one-armed, lame.

'Hehehe.'

What kind of dreams are those who are limbless telling themselves to dream?

"work hard."

Quan took another step and spat out.

"A one-armed man cannot fight while protecting someone."

When Rye turned around, Quan was already out of sight.

"Heresy!"

When Vanissa, caught in the Miracle Stream, shouted, her jaw dropped and rattled.

Shirone swung the smoke of light with a full swing, and with a thump, Vanissa crashed into the wall.

'Oops!'

If it were a normal human, every bone in his body would have been shattered.

"Huh"

Vanissa stood up in her broken state.

'It's Dina.'

Imprisoned in the prison of his body, he was beyond death.

What is different from Lian is that his information is not reproduced.

"stop."

Shirone said with sincerity.

"Just because you don't die doesn't mean you are alive. If you damage your body further here, it will just turn into a piece of meat."

Like the living god of the other side world.

"Stupid."

Madness flashed in Vanissa's eyes.

"Nothing will change."

Shirone wrapped the smoke of light at the now inhuman shape that charged again.

"Kuaaa!"

Where the light hits, black ash scatters

all.

'As expected, it can't be purified.'

It just burns up and disappears.

If the light of agape continues to flow like this... ... Is there really anything left of him?

"Give up. You became a demon in a human body. For demons, purification is only extinction."

"Aagh!"

All of Vanissa's ribs jutted out of her body, stretching like a spider's legs except for one that was broken.

"Body, mind, heart, and emotions?sharp bones like spears flew toward the scruff of Shirone's neck.

"I exist only for the glory of God!"

"damn!"

Agape's light exploded, sending Vanissa flying into the darkness of the hallway.

"Whoa."

Wiping the sweat from under my chin as I walked forward, I saw a body burnt like charcoal.

A groan escaped through his missing jaw.

"ah??????

Still, it seems that something remains.

"here is... ... Where are you?"

"prison."

While savoring Shirone's words, Vanisa stared at the ceiling with eyes wide open.

"Then can I leave now?" Shirone couldn't answer.

"I can't seem to get out. It seems God has not forgiven me."

It was the third immortal man Shirone had met.

'Why can't I die?' Lian, Gauld, and Vanisa.

"I see, Yahweh."

A hoarse voice leaked out.

"God has ordained your outcome. you can never win With tears of blood... ... . Kuck."

Puffy, charcoal-turned facial muscles

this is broken

"Greuk. That's right."

Looking at the body that could not convey any information, Shirone slowly turned around.

Woo woo!

The screams echoed.

From 4:30 in the morning, lights were turned on in the windows of the Delta headquarters one by one.

From 5:00, people were busily walking around, and delegations from each department of the temple arrived in Delta.

"Ugh, uncomfortable."

As Seriel of the World Health Organization stretched herself, she saw a familiar face in the distance.

"yes'?"

It was Amira, who graduated from magic school together and worked for the World Climate Organization.

"Wow! Amira!"

"Oh, Seriel! It's been a really long time. I heard you."

While exchanging news, Dorothy and Liz, who had been there earlier, approached.

"Hello nice to meet you."

Dorothy attended the temple as Iruki's representative, and Liz as a director of the Nade Group.

"Anyway, is Iruki really not coming? Words will come out in public speeches."

Dorothy shook her head.

"do not know. Even the news is two pieces. Since Shirone doesn't say much, it's okay, but... ...

Liz rubbed her shoulder.

"Do not worry about it. He must be hanging out somewhere strange. They are just like that."

In the midst of small talk, Seriel looked around.

'Didn't Amy come?'

Then, her brow crumpled.

"Hey, are these familiar faces?" Fermi was approaching, sipping her coffee.

Since there was no one who had not been beaten by him during school days, the expressions of the women were obviously not good.

However, the feelings Seriel felt were different from that.

'I didn't want to run into him.'

said Liz.

"long time no see. Are you clear? After being politicized like that at school, I finally came to the political arena."

Fermi shrugged.

"haha! Wouldn't you be willing to burn this body if it was helpful for the world?"

After replying like that, he winked at Seriel.

"I read the thesis well. Your analysis of emotional illness is excellent."

"... ... What are you doing?"

"what?"

"Why are you talking to me? Is it because you don't know what you did? You turned a lot of people into drug addicts."

"That's why I say it. how is it? I have a good idea... ...

The moment Fermi put a hand on his shoulder, Seriel slapped him on the arm.

"Don't touch me."

As Fermi licked his lips, Jive's moderator approached.

"The official temple ceremony will begin soon. Conference attendees, please gather in the main conference hall."

One by one, the women returned to their Buddhas, and Seriel walked past Fermi and gritted her teeth.

"You see me later."

Looking at her back as she walked away, Fermi smiled.

"It's still chilly."

Just like back in school days.

Human unknown (3)

cause.

"Are you Youfra?"

People trapped in the Pyramid of Truth have experienced numerous causes that shaped their lives.

Great Swordswoman Yufra frowned.

'Damn it, how long can I see this?'

What he could see was when he was in his mid-thirties, a time when he was ashamed to be called a great swordsman.

However, prosecutors who tried to confront him by managing rumors well in their own way often came.

"Is that so?"

At that time, Youfra sensed that the prosecutor who came to him was surprisingly strong.

maybe more than yourself.

"I've heard rumors that he is a master swordsman. However, I also have a family opinion with swords, so I ask for a match."

Youfra looked at the man pretending to be indifferent.

'To be honest... ...

I was afraid.

My heart was pounding, and the imagination of being slashed mercilessly by his sword ran through my head.

"I'm sorry. Today is my friend's anniversary. I don't want to commit pointless killing."

'I was talking about it like that.'

Because there were countless friends who died.

'I have always been like that.'

While other swordsmen risked their lives for their dreams, they only fought against opponents they could defeat.

The real Youfra spat out.

"Damn it! So what?" qualifications.

At that time, he was far away with his back turned, so he couldn't see the opponent's face.

"......!"

The eyes of the man confirmed in the pyramid of truth.

contempt.

"Aaaaaaa!"

The yuprah of reality popped out.

"yes! let me fight! Come on! Do you think I can't win?"

In the past, all he could do was run away, but now his skills have improved considerably.

bang

The instant the swords clashed, the young swordsman's face changed into that of his old friend Balzac.

"It's the same, Youfra. Yes, you draw your sword only when you can always win."

"Keugh!"

My heart pounded again.

"You knew. If you persist like that, many competitors will disappear on their own."

"no."

No matter how much I shook my head, lies didn't work in the pyramid of truth.

The scenery changed and I saw Balzac slashing enemies in all directions on the battlefield.

'He's a genius. He really is a genius.'

It was only now, decades later, that Yufra was able to accurately evaluate his friend's skills.

'What was I doing then?'

As the scenery quickly changed, he saw himself leisurely patrolling the civilian area.

'The safest place.'

If you slash the enemy's general, you can count on it, but it will lead to death with a high probability.

'I didn't want to gamble. i just... ... It was enough to live like that.'

While on patrol, Yufra sees flames burning on the horizon.

"Wide area magic?"

The area was devastated by the magicians' tactical bombing, and there were no survivors.

Remembering his friend, he shouted.

"Balzac!"

He drew his sword and was about to run to the battlefield, but his subordinates grabbed his arm.

"Leader! be patient! You must not break the ranks!"

"Let go, you children! Balzac is over there!"

really... ... Couldn't I have resisted?

"no."

Was it all about worrying about a friend?

"stop! You son of a bitch!"

maybe i... ... Didn't he dream of a new hope while looking at that burning flame?

"Aww! plague! What are you asking me to do!"

The moment the scenery changed to a friend's funeral, Youfra's face turned pale after shouting.

'no.'

Eliana, who had become a widow, was far more beautiful than he had seen at the time.

Yufra in his 30s thought.

'I liked it first.'

As if his own reason was an indulgence, he walked over to her.

"Eliana, you are very sad."

Throughout the funeral, Youfra stayed by her side.

"Balzac was a sword-mad guy? It was the best finish as a swordsman."

She was silent and there was a lot of talk about you.

"Bastard Balzac, I heard you don't have much legacy left behind. I will help you."

"Mr. Youfra." Those were the first words Eliana uttered.

"Please don't do this."

And the way she looks at herself is the same as that of the man who challenged her... ... .

contempt and disgust.

"whatever! Dogs!"

bang!

Youfra's twin swords were blocked by Balzac's sword.

"yes! loved it! I loved you so much! So did I even lay a hand on your wife?"

I swung my sword to forget.

Strong opponents were avoided, victors were greatly inflated, and after decades passed... ... .

"big. knife. like. Youfra."

"shut up! Do you know what is different about you? If you're so confident, you'll even see your past! They're all the same! A little cowardly, shamefully! That's how everyone lives!"

Youfra lost half of his reason.

"I have done many good things in my life! There was a time when I was proud of myself! Why are you ignoring me!"

Balzac smiled sadly.

"Yuprah."

Like a voice out of time, Youfra thought for the first time that it might not be an illusion.

"Be happy."

The landscape began to gather around Balzac, who was getting away with his sword.

"happiness?"

Youfra lowered his sword.

"To turn your whole life upside down and be happy? Is that really what you want to say to me?"

There was life in his eyes as he stared into the darkness.

"Canis, how long will you be here?"

In the narrow room of the pyramid, Canis and Arin sat side by side with their backs against the wall.

A considerable amount of time passed, but there was no desire left to move.

"It can't be."

said Canis.

"This crazy space is trying to drive us crazy. lets think. Are you saying twins? Are there any similarities between you and me?"

there was.

It's not identical like twins, but it wasn't impossible with fraternal sex.

Arin lowered his head.

"we... ... How is it going?"

"No need to think! Nothing will change. Arin, think of the years we spent together !"

A person more precious than life.

'I mean I want you. I meant to live with you for the rest of my life. But the same blood flows?'

Captivated by rage, Canis grabbed Arin by the shoulder and kissed him roughly.

It's a great courage, but Arin would have been willing to tolerate it.

"no!"

However, she pushed herself away, and Kanis, who had stomped her butt, put on a dazed expression.

"Why, why are you doing this?"

She shed tears when she read Kanis's feelings with menarche.

"Sorry. I love you too, but only

one in... ...

"No! I can't ever do that. No, you decided to live believing that there was no way!"

I've never said it verbally.

"It was. But now you know. At least until I know for sure..."

"this... ...

Just when Kanis was about to scream in anger.

"Here you are."

Eyes burning red in the dark approached.

"Mr. Ares."

"Is everyone all right? We need to find Shirone."

As he muttered that, he approached and was surprised to see the faces of Kanis and Arin.

"What happened? What is the color of your face?"

There was no answer.

"Yeah, you guys got it too."

"Ares-san too... ... Have you seen the past?"

"Well. I'm still resetting it with Hong's ability, but it's a pretty terrible job. The timeline here is twisted. The fact that the entire party scattered must be proof of that."

Canis murmured.

"Why are you doing this to us?"

"There will be no reason."

Ares looked at the letters flowing down the wall.

"It's just such a space. It seems that all causality here is dissolving regardless of time. It's like... ...

"God's point of view?"

Ares nodded.

"yes. From the outside of the universe, even time is just a line. Maybe God really lives here."

"let's go."

Canis stood up.

"I will meet you in person. Why are you doing things like this to us? will turn it back If there really is such a thing as God... ...

Even if you kill that god.

Each WHO delegation was given a private room.

Seriel, who put the large bag on the desk, was disappointed that it had ruined her mood from the morning.

"it's annoying."

Fermi's face came to mind.

A small incident in my school days that I couldn't tell anyone at the time.

'If Amy finds out, she'll try to kill me.' Her face flushed hot, but at the same time I had this thought.

'Is it really so?'

Everyone has a secret.

If a person's life is deconstructed into cause and effect, there are countless impulses, shame, and joy in it that others cannot imagine.

'At that time, I didn't know the world would end up like this.'

She sat down at her desk, put a cigarette in her mouth and lit it.

"Whoa."

Why did you want to smoke?

maybe that too... ... .

cause.

Around the time Seriel was in her senior year.

It was the day when the 19th week of training was over and a day of rest was given.

Amy and Seriel were best friends, but they couldn't even dream of a leisure life in their senior year.

"Amy, today is my day off, what are you doing?"

"Trying to do Spirit Zone reinforcement training. you?"

Unlike the tireless Karmis, Seriel was an ordinary person who needed a break.

"I was just wondering if I should drink some coffee."

"Okay then... ... Let's go to the cafe." She said it readily, but Amy's eyes flashed with embarrassment.

Sensing it, Seriel put her hands together.

"Oh right! It's the day the sequel to Primal Lasso comes out! Amy, sorry. Let's have coffee next time."

"okay. Go to the bookstore."

Not wanting to disrupt her friend's training, Seriel came up with an excuse.

"Ho Ho! no. It is a very dangerous book. It's deadly to kids who don't have immunity like you. Goes. See you tomorrow."

"Hey! Seriel!"

Amy called urgently, but Seriel was already running down the hallway and turning the corner.

Couldn't you really catch it?

I suddenly felt that way, but there was no time to think about the task at hand.

"... ... You have to train."

Meanwhile, Seriel, who came out, sighed in relief at the fact that she hadn't become an intruder.

"Why don't you play alone?"

The place she arrived at after leaving school in peace was a shabby bookstore.

"hello."

Her own hideout, far from the aristocratic district, and where dark books often flow in.

"I knew it. It's in the corner."

Seriel put on her big glasses and covered her face with a scarf, but the bookstore owner immediately noticed.

Seriel's eyes shook her head and shone in the glasses.

'There is, the sequel to the primordial lasso.' A not at all beautiful love story of a nobleman and a maid.

It's decadent and explicit in depicting sexuality, so it's treated as an adult, but it wasn't particularly shocking to Seriel, who read romance novels from a young age.

From the first page, it started with the characters of the previous work sharing love.

As she gulped down her saliva, she fell in love with the content.

'The position has changed.'

The maid who had chained the nobleman came with a whip.

'Her breath bristled all the man's hair. The jelly-like wet tongue slipped through the red lips, "licking the man's nape?"

Surprised by the sudden voice, Seriel closed the book.

"Hick! Who is it!"

When I turned around, I saw the face of a man I didn't want to get used to.

"Fermi?"

As she lowered her large glasses to check, Fermi raised a hand.

"hi?"

With a polite mischievous smile.

Human unknown (4)

"Chief Researcher."

The sound of the door opening brought Seriel to her senses.

"It is time to attend the temple."

"OK."

She extinguished the cigarette, spread the smell with her hand, and put on her gown to organize her thoughts.

'yes. We have to meet at least once anyway.'

As I went out into the hallway, a delegation from the World Health Organization approached, guarded by knights.

"Let's go, Seriel."

"Yes."

The main hall of the temple was reminiscent of a small coliseum that could accommodate about 600 people.

While all the seats were filled, the chairman of the temple assembly came up to the podium.

"From now on, we will begin the 63rd Temple General Assembly."

The number 63 was a tree ring engraved in history because it was held at every global event.

"Today, this seat is to elect a world leader. And a leader country exists for the happiness and prosperity of all mankind... ...

Even during the speeches, think tanks from around the world did not stop their hands.

The albino's head spun rapidly.

[All]  Speaking time is 5 minutes for each country. According to the voting order, Tormia will be the seventh.'

The text of the speech is already prepared, but it will have to be modified in real time according to the speech of other countries.

"At the opening of the temple, each nation has three powers. A rom means one vote that can be given to another country... ...

It was something everyone knew.

When it was time for each ministry to propose, Dorothy, Valkyrie's acting authority, came up.

"hello. This is Dorothy from Valkyrie. At a time when the whole world is in tension, the military ministry's initiative is... ...

A man raised his hand from Arachne's side.

"for a moment."

His name was Phaedra, a person who started as a pimp in his youth and rose to become the prime minister.

"I only heard that the general commander resigned, but I don't know anything about the acting authority. Shouldn't you explain why you took charge of the military department before the proposal'?"

Dorothy replied.

"Are you a girl friend?"

"Girl friend... ... . No, Phaedra, who was asking for consent with an exaggerated gesture, realized that everyone was quiet.

"Why? Is this just weird? yes?"

While there was still no response, the same thought popped into the heads of the heads of state.

'It means it's vacant anyway.' The country that becomes the leader would be entrusted with all authority over Valkyrie.

"... ... Therefore, the proposal of the Ministry of Military Affairs is a comprehensive solution to the peace treaty. I hope that the leaders of each country will make the right decision."

Listening to dry applause, Dorothy went down, and Smith, head of the Ministry of Economics and Social Affairs, came up.

Although he was from Jive, he was a person who did not care about nationality as long as it was money-making.

"I think that a leading country should have a vision of human prosperity. As a result of the arms race, the value of each country's currency is hitting bottom. In this regard, while urging the World Bank and central banks of each country to make a decision, "I object" to the deterrence measures against the reckless development of weapons of war.

When Liz of the Nade Group raised her hand, the chairman stopped.

"Wouldn't it be better to file an appeal after the motion is over?"

"No, I am contesting the motion itself. I think that the expression of reckless weapons of war has room for negative interpretation of the industries of certain countries that are actually at war."

The Nade Group's main business is military.

In addition, the card of elemental bomb development had to be pointed out in order to gain power.

'It's good timing.'

Rufist nodded.

'Once the meeting gets underway, the flow gets fast and wild. It's already too late to attack the initiative.'

Smith retorted.

"The core of this temple is world peace. I don't think it's strange to use strong words about suppression of weapons of war.

"Of course, no country will oppose peace. However, wouldn't it be better to avoid expressions that could grant indulgence to a particular country depending on the issue of equity and the circumstances of each country? Therefore, we ask that you delete the expression or replace it with a word that has a clear standard for interpretation."

Smith smacked his lips.

"I will suspend the initiative for a while." With the permission of the Chairman, the position of the Ministry of Economic and Social Affairs

The circles came and put their heads together.

Smith, who came back to the podium five minutes later, corrected it.

"As I accept your suggestion, I will replace the expression 'reckless' with 'a threat to human peace'."

All weapons would be a threat to human peace, but that was fair.

'What about this... ...

From now on, it was up to me to do it. said Pony.

"You pointed it out well. It was an embarrassing proposal for the king to step forward."

The reason Liz's remarks worked was because she was a practitioner in the military industry, which is primarily affected by this initiative.





Rufist replied.

"Yes. If you are not a business person, the meaning will be distorted. Aple Leeds is the current head of Nade Group. I have practical experience, and looking at it now, I feel good."

It was also significant that only Lizman stepped forward at a gathering of top businessmen.

'I don't look at the King's eyes. In other words, it means that he is reading Tormia's thoughts. I can take over the executive role.'

Phaedra clapped her hands as Liz, who had waited until the motion was over, was about to take her seat.

"Chuck! Mistress Bushgumen. Wherever the company is, one secretary is well kept. Congratulations."

Liz countered.

"I don't think this is the place to laugh. And I am not a secretary, but the CEO who leads the Nade Group."

Phaedra narrowed her eyes.

"Uh? Nade group? So, are you the next gunman to push Mr. Nade out?"

"No, it's your girlfriend." Of course, she is the co-founder of Nade Gunsu, but this much was good for her counterattack.

Phaedra leaned back in her chair.

"I'm sorry, Tormia is also a dead end. Girlfriend? How do you say hello like this?"

"Whoops, I will."

The aide who answered that thought.

'Are you the only one? A trashy human.'

Aside from her position, as a woman, Pedra was at the height of hatred.

"What is that guy, a thug? Do you know what kind of market this is?"

When Geese, the King of Jive, grumbled, the think tank 'Smoke Screen' spoke up.

"I am the real power of Arachne. He is a person who even rose to become the Prime Minister through politics at night."

"Politics by night?"

The man waved his little finger and raised his thumb.

"Ah, that."

Geese's eyes suddenly changed favorably.

"I see now that he was a hard worker. Make a seat."

"Yes."

In the meantime, Pope Constantine, the head of the Ministry of Religion, came up to the podium.

"I will pray."

"Oops."

Geese hurriedly raised his upper body and lowered his head, clasped his hands together and closed his eyes.

prayer began.

"God Krea, all mankind is suffering. Save us from a cruel world... ...

In the meantime, Shirone watched the backs of those who bowed their heads.

'How much will it be?'

The one who truly prays for the happiness of mankind.

'If everyone is considerate of others, no one will be harmed as a result. It's theoretically possible, but... ...

Is it really so?

Uorin smiled bitterly.

'It must be disturbing.'

Humans are not Gaians.

'Give up, Shirone. The world you dream of will never come. Because Eve crossed the forbidden line.

"The Empress."

Gando whispered.

"I have something to tell you about the issue of deploying shadow warriors."

"You said you didn't like it. It feels bad to be a human who looks just like me. After all, Kido will be by your side."

It was sad that the only beings she believed in were non-human goblins.

"But you also need to be prepared in case Kido breaks through."

"Hmm."

Uorin glanced at Harbitz.

The image of Satan falling into a sweet sleep while listening to the Pope's prayer... ... .

"Punish the evil of the world!" When the pope raised his voice, Geese burst into tears.

spilled

"Huh! Oh God." Turning her eyes away from Havitz, who was snoring, Uorin continued.

"Is it okay if it's not just vanishing? There is no Le and no Lian. There is no situation in which you can't prevent it. It is foreign countries, not Kashan, that should worry about the assassination of the king."

Her gaze turned to where Shirone was.

"However, take care of Tormia. Carefully handle all incoming intelligence."

"Thormia... ... Are you talking?"

"yes. I have a Quan." The only swordsman who cut Harvitz's head.

"If it's a shadowy operation, he's the only one we need to be wary of besides Havitz. No, honestly, I doubt if I can stop it."

"If that's the case, even more so the shadow warrior "It's okay."

Uorin caught sight of Shiina as she listened to the prayer with a modest attitude.

It looked beautiful and smart.

"Because he has a fatal weakness."

The dragonfly albino, who was pretending to pray, felt his gaze and turned his head.

When I met Woorin's eyes, I felt embarrassed

I laughed, but my heart was completely different.

'What are you looking at? annoying.' He couldn't have known why.

'Geuk, the nape of the neck must tickle. From the point of view of assassinating the factor, Kashan's natural enemy must be us.'

They each have deadly swords called Habits and Quan, but Tormia can die even if the king dies.

'Of course it's dangerous. If the person behind the assassination is revealed, public opinion will deteriorate. But it's true that it's a card that can be cut and discarded once in a hurry.'

Therefore, if there was a trade-off, the fatal thing was Kashan.

'But it's a difficult sword to handle. Well, I guess the same goes for Habitz.'

The albino brushed his beard.

'Have you not decided yet? stupid

Creepers.'

Parka Quan.

At a point 200 meters away from the Delta headquarters, all 12 national guards were gathered.

It was a rule that the line proposed by the holy war was stretched long, and even a step outside the line was regarded as an intention to attack the enemy. While Rai was also keenly aware of the situation at the head office, Jive's guards spoke to him.

"Are you Mr. Rye, the captain of the guards of Kangshin?"

"Is that so?"

Despite knowing the fierceness of the holy war, the knights' eyes shone.

"Ohh, so you are August Lian's older brother?"

Rai's face crumpled.

"Oh, sorry if I was rude. However, it is the only swordsman who can deal with Ymir."

"You don't even have to have qualifications, are you saying this?"

"No, I don't mean that... ... maybe it's true

'Well, I don't know.'

No one knew the position of a brother who had the world's strongest swordsman as his youngest brother.

'I... ... Why are they here?'

Because all those more capable than you have died?

"Captain."

Tess' voice brought me to my senses.

'To protect the king. Just think about it.'

At that moment, Rai's spine felt chilly, and the guards of 12 countries simultaneously turned around.

"Who are you!"

As if one person had pulled it out, the sound of the sword's friction created a roar with a single sound wave.

"That... ...

The one-armed swordsman was limping and approaching.

big dream (1)

The guards gathered there felt the world shake every time Quan took a step.

It was a step that was neither fast nor slow, in a way it was pitiful.

'Lean.'

It was difficult to keep my balance, as if I was on top of a boat crashing into waves.

"Hmm."

While Natasha pursed her lips and made an interesting expression, Fengzhang was displeased.

Leader Yula said.

"Close access."

Among all the killing spree, the most powerful energy was directed at Poongjang.

"Yes."

Just when the 99 swordsmen were about to disperse like the wind, Kido walked forward first.

"stop."

Quan's steps stopped.

"Are you the prosecutor from Tormia? This is a place where no one without a security permit can enter. go back."

Because I can't hate Tormia.

"I have business to take care of at the headquarters."

Kido looked back at Delta's buildings and shook his head at Quan again.

"Then I can't send you any more. After the temple is open, no one can come in or out."

Rai intervened.

"You can go in. He belongs to the Tormia Task Force, and has a pass."

Kidou pursed his lips and asked.

'There is intent to kill, but no hostility. Of course, if this aura turns into hostility, it will be tremendous, but... ...

I wondered if it would be okay to just send it to him if he had the pass.

'It must be killed.'

Yula was firm.

Although not as good as Kido, Fengzhang is also the closest to Woo-Lin to check his intentions.

'That man is the Empress' misfortune. maybe it's a good opportunity Even if I cut it here, it won't affect the temple.'

It's because Quan crossed the line.

"I don't know why I was late, but this is a security area. You can't go through this way."

"Then where are you going?"

"That is your heart. But this is the only way to Delta Headquarters."

I was thinking of trying to figure it out somehow.

Kido, who knew Yula's personality, spoke to Quan with a desperate expression.

"Go back, please."

Quan calmly accepted that gaze and muttered as he slowly raised his gaze.

"You're lucky."

"yes?"

Clown Pierrot - Initial feeling.

Suddenly, the ground tilted sharply toward Quan, creating a slope of over 70 degrees.

At the same time, the guards released external gravity.

"catch!"

The one that fell naturally was Natasha, the one that was attached to the ground was Kido, and the wind blew away like the wind and pulled out the sword.

'I can't miss it.'

Quan felt as if he was falling down a cliff, and if he missed it even for a second, it was doomed.

At that moment, the tilted 70 degrees flipped to the left this time.

"damn!"

The north and south were reversed again, and now they were making a messy turn like a sphere.

The only thing that could confirm Quan's movements was Kido, who was attached to the ground with the Earthquake Spirit.

"Pooh! It's really bizarre."

Natasha, on the other hand, was enjoying the feeling of the world turning around as if she were on an amusement ride.

'It's not easy either.'

Although it's easy to get out of line of sight if you use a single-target starter.

'It's hard to ostracize everyone.'

There were hundreds of swordsmen here, and all of them were the best in the kingdom.

A member of Poongjang told Yula.

"Captain, there may be an ulterior motive. If you move as a group, there may be gaps in the escort network... ...

O

S......?

The fact that everyone was dragged around by only one prosecutor was shameful enough.

'But he's that much of a man.'

It reminded me of Quan in his youth, crawling along the mountain road with his Achilles tendon torn off.

'Has it reached this far?'

As a single swordsman, she suppressed the desire to clap her hands as she instructed.

"It is done in one go. Spread the death roll."

"Yes."

The 100 Fengzhang crossed like a net and started to rotate around Quan.

'If I get caught, I won't even be able to collect the bones.'

It was not an exaggeration.

However, Quan's expression was colder than ever when dealing with Kashan's best swordsmen.

'I'm just doing what I have to do.'

The reason why he refused the position of captain of the guards was that he was not suited to protecting someone.

'I'm a clown.'

A clown who would do anything stupid to make her laugh.

'What did I expect?'

Since he was still human, did he even have a delusion that he could be with her?

"haha."

He remembered Shiina's face as he stood in the blackout of the wind farm that narrowed the encirclement.

"Smile."

Because it's fun.

"Strike!"

100 blades created a strong wind, devastating the place where Quan was.

The slope of the scenery returned to its original position, and the members of the Fengzhang formed formation again.

Kido's expression darkened.

" none."

Didn't see.

One moment the scenery was distorted, and the next moment Quan's body evaporated.

"Move."

Ray came running.

Red blood dripped from the center where the grass was swirled like a whirlpool.

"... ... Did you cut it?"

Yula did not perjure.

"no. None of us cut. Right before the sword could reach him, he disappeared first."

"Then what about this blood?"

"maybe... ...

Yula pointed at her head with her index finger.

"ear."

By rupturing his own eardrums, his hearing was now half as good.

'Mr. Quan.'

In front of a situation where the guards of all 12 countries had broken through the camp alone.

'Are you really trying to become a ghost?' Rai had a little idea of ??what he had to give up to become the strongest swordsman.

The pope gave an initiating speech.

"Lamicyo is a world-class religion. But people all over the world do not believe in Lamie."

It was a quiet atmosphere.

"There is always a price to pay for faith. It is the act of burying the soul and knowing that there is a higher transcendence to any rationality."

The pope's gaze turned to Shirone.

"What you get in return is strength. The rest I can get by believing that I am not mine. Isn't that what this world needs?"

The gaze was withdrawn.

"Maybe the value of Lamigyo is the courage, sacrifice, and hope that those who cannot fight can rely on."

Geese murmured.

"Oh, my God."

"No one is God. As the Pope of Lamie religion, I earnestly pray to God Krea that a leader who can only fight for humanity will emerge."

The sound of applause embroidered the conference hall. It was an uncomfortable situation for the kingdom of Tormia, which had to borrow the power of Yahweh.

"It is unavoidable."

Lufist leaned his temples on his fists.

"Because it is an official religion of the Temple Leadership Bureau. Above all, there is a cause that does not exist in the kingdom."

Flew agreed.

"It's not explicit, but it's using wording that subtly denies Yahweh. That must have been what he was aiming for."

"O"

"o" ?

Although each person's inner thoughts may be different, the official atmosphere was emotional.

"Next, the motion of the International Court of Justice will begin."

Socrates, the leader, put the fat giant on the podium and wiped away his sweat.

"Hyster. Whoa, it's a hot day. No, am I the only one hot? I was wearing a dirty suit."

When no one responded, he let out a roar that bordered on shouting.

"It's not farming! Fuhahaha!"

The atmosphere was the worst.

"Hmmmm. Then I will propose. I, Bebeto Socrates, head of the International Tribunal, he spat out, widening his eyes.

"I will resign as of today."

Officials from each country did not respond, but those who worked at the temple were agitated.

"Socrates, what do you mean by that?"

"Literally. It's a resignation. All I can say is that I will eat at least one more piece of bread. Because what remains is to eat. Bio recommending Mr. Mito Shirano as my successor. more."

"Cyrano?"

Socrates went down, and a skinny middle-aged woman came up to the podium.

Nicknamed the Swamp Witch, she was once the head of the Magic Association in Stang Kingdom.

"Thank you, Mr. Socrates. For giving me this shitty seat."

His mouth was rough, just like his personality.

"Then I propose. As of this time, I will resign as general manager."

"What the hell! The temple is a joke!" Finally, resistance from some officials arose, but Cyrano had nothing to be rough about.

"Shut up. I'm not making fun of wizards, I'm not saying don't put us in this playing house political arena. Everyone knows anyway, right?"

Amidst the silence, the chairman said

"But... ... If even Mr. Cyrano resigns, there will be no one to propose. Wouldn't it be polite to each country to present an agenda even when resigning?"

"initiative."

Cyrano spat out.

"The strong one eats it. more."

When he went down the podium like that, politicians were taken aback, but some smiled.

They were wizards.

'There is a peculiar stubbornness. You are a race that never swallows anything that is against you.'

The king of the Moon Kingdom, Moonryong, arose.

"How absurd! Raising the banner of the jungle-hard-and-strong in a place promoting world peace!"

the chairman said

"Calm down. It's just a statement from one manager. Besides, you're not the manager anymore... ...

"Looks like that will work! The International Sanctions Board is not an organization that oversees all the regulations and laws of the holy war!"

Certainly, the intensity of the remarks was strong.

"The world's villain, Habits, is not allowed to attend the holy war, but now the strong one eats it. Do you want to smell the bloody temple? Literally, even if the king's throat was cut off, that doesn't mean I won't get involved!"

"You talk too much!"

When the assassination of the king was mentioned, those who had been watching so far reacted sensitively.

"This is a gathering for peace. Isn't King Moon, who has such bad thoughts, what he's aiming for?"

"What is it? dare... ... !"

Because the hwadu was the hwadu, everyone stood up, and the atmosphere in the temple became militant.

'Assassination is attempted anyway. The one who is pushed here will be the first to be beaten.'

The door to the conference hall opened amid a flurry of wording, including ostentation, bravado, and threats.

Everyone was surprised just by the fact that the door had been opened, and in an instant it became quiet.

"What, what?"

The one-armed swordsman bowed his head.

"Sorry if I disturbed you."

Then, as he limped down the stairs, the bewilderment of the onlookers increased.

'Mr. Quan.'

While Shiina watched with mixed emotions, the chairman stopped Quan from doing so.

"for a moment. who are you?"

"This is Tormia Kingdom Special Task Force Parka Quan. I was late for some reason."

"No, I mean that now... ...

More curious than scolding Quan, the chairman stopped talking and asked again.

"How did you get here?"

Once the general meeting is held, the National Guard guards the only exit.

Quan turned around the door and replied.

"afoot... ...

"Not that! She's asking how did you get in! All the doors of the headquarters are closed and you can never enter the building unless you pass the guards... ... At that moment, the chairman realized.

"no way?"

Did you break through all 12 national guards?

At that moment, blood gushed from Quan's ear and fell to the ground.

Shiina's eyes widened, and everyone who knew him looked shocked.

'pressure. I lost one ear.' She leaned further.

Sensing this fact, Quan took another step while the crowd remained silent.

The stop was Tormia's Teachers' Association.

"I'm sorry."

"Ah yes."

Saad shifted his seat, and Quan slowly sat down in his chair.

It was next to Shiina.

"why... ... ?"

"This is my seat."

There was no way that Quan, the person in charge, did not know what the albino and Wulin expected.

'A country that touches Shiina... ... die first

The albino nodded as the unspoken threat weighed heavily on the hall.

'If you can't keep it, cut it all down. If you truly let go of everything... ...

Quan was now a sword demon.

big dream (2)

The hall was quiet.

As much as they are proud of their country's armed forces, they realize the seriousness of the situation.

'It broke through all the guards of 12 countries. It's right to see that it can't be stopped.'

In the minds of the heads of state, Quan's status was elevated to the level of Havitz.

'There's no need to step out and get attention.'

Being cautious in the face of a realistic threat of assassination was not enough no matter how excessive it was.

Of course, it has nothing to do with pride.

"huh."

Starting with the cloud dragon's snort, the kings of each country didn't like the current situation.

just... ... It is better to point troublesome arrows at others than at yourself.

Uorin turned to Harbitz.

"Growl."

God's frequency is still operating, and Quan's voice is probably being collected in his sleep.

'As expected, it doesn't happen.'

At one time, a man who had cut his own throat seemed insignificant to Satan.

'It was like that.'

Uorin realized why she was able to rely on Havitz for a moment.

'I don't complain about anything.' He would have had a life too. Accumulated causes even before he was born may have created Satan today.

'I don't think A being that has a cause but is not affected by a cause. The most unhuman thing.'

so it's atrocious

"Growl."

If Satan also had a dream, I was very curious about what the landscape in the dream would look like.

Keira of Corona Kingdom asked.

"Do you care?"

After Quan entered the hall, it felt like Armin's hips were shaking.

"no."

Armin changed his mind.

"The fact is... ... yes."

Although he had put aside his feelings for Shiina, he was still a precious person.

"Do not misunderstand. It's not that I care in that sense. It's because of Mr. Quan."

Keira looked over at Quan.

"I lost one ear. It doesn't seem like it was cut."

"The reason for disrupting the physical balance is to create mental asymmetry. The first time I cut off my arm, I had to cut out the schema, but strictly speaking, it's a matter of the mind. Even when I cut one eye, I didn't care too much about the shape. It seems that blocking the senses is enough now."

"I'm glad. Honestly, it's someone else's business, but from Shiina-san's point of view, it would be too terrible."

"It is rather the opposite." It was the reason why Armin was concerned.

"Now you won't be able to lean by cutting something. Even so, I sat down next to Shiina."

"... ... What more can you cut out?"

"I don't know. Only the person involved will know, but one thing is certain: he made his decision."

I will not hesitate.

And when he finally cut out half of what was left of him... ... .

'What will Quan be?'

While receiving the attention of the audience, Shiina continued to glance at the seat next to her.

Quan had no expression.

'I can't figure it out.'

She had been excited about meeting Loquan since she was selected as a member of the teachers' association.

'Because he never came.'

To the extent that it was clear that he was intentionally avoiding it, he did not even go where Shiina was.

"Why did you change your mind now?" There was no answer.

"You kept avoiding it. Aren't you going to have to tell me why? I have pride too."

I don't think Quan's mouth will open.

Shiina, too, burst into anger and spat it out.

"That's Okay. go back To be honest, I was just about to put an end to my feelings for Mr. Quan." Quan quietly stood up.

"Oh really."

In desperation, Shiina grabbed Quan's wrist and pulled him down with force.

"Whoa."

How did it come to be so stubborn and intertwined?

"OK. I won't ask why, so I'll tell you later. Don't run away again."

He didn't say anything about losing one ear.

'He's a good person.'

It was because he knew that even saying such a thing would be a burden to Quan.

"Miss Shiina."

Looking back at Quan, Shiina was dazed.

It was the first time he had ever smiled with such an expression.

"I like. I mean it." Shiina's face turned red at her sudden confession, and her teachers cleared their throats.

Shiina hurriedly turned her head.

'Why is this all of a sudden?' Quan's face was not frightened at all, but on the other hand, he was filled with fear.

'You've decided on something.'

I made a promise with a nervous heart.

"OK. Then promise me one thing. Don't ever leave that way again. If I say I want to meet Mr. Quan, I should be able to."

Did he prepare to die, or was he going to leave somewhere again?

Thousands of thoughts swirled in his head, but unexpectedly, Quan nodded.

"Yes."

I wondered if I had eaten something wrong, and when I turned my head, I saw Quan's one eye full of conviction.

"I'll be by Shiina-san's side." After watching that scene for a while, Shiina realized what her expression was like.

"ah."

Hiding her shy face, she raised her glasses again, following her cold image.

"I will watch. Is this your last chance... ...

Quan also turned his head away, but the smile lingered on his lips for a long time, like a lingering aftertaste.

The chairman stepped in and rectified the situation.

"The remarks of my predecessor a while ago were judged to be against the motto of the temple and will be nullified. The sanctuary exists for world peace and an official initiative will be made as soon as possible... ...

It ended in an uncomfortable state, and the representatives of the organizations affiliated with the temple gave a briefing on the world situation.

Amira of the World Climate Organization reported on the situation of the Pandemonium open to each country on the big screen.

"Emotional sickness, mutations, tidal waves, heat waves, etc., the whole world is suffering from catastrophes. As a result, countries... ...

A lot of small talk was drowned out by the sound of the microphone.

"75 points. Her face is pretty, but her eyes are a bit I hate women like that because I'm scared."

"Ah, Prince. Because that style is hot. Just look at your body. Aren't you going to kill me?"

The secretary, who overheard the conversation between the two, scratched his thumb nail with a disgusted look on his face.

'Ah, Mr. The gem fell again. I paid for it expensively. Would it look strange if I found it now?'

Amira flipped the screen.

"mom! mom!"

A child was sitting in the spot where the tsunami had swept away the house, shedding tears.

"There are hundreds of thousands of war orphans, and relief supplies are in short supply. Above all, to establish an orphanage... ...

"Oh right. It is said that a royal banquet will be held on Arachne's side around midnight. Are you going to attend?"

"Oh, let's go. They say that humanity is in danger, shouldn't we do something big?"

"Of course it is. Because there is no time to rest these days. The prince is suffering."

Seriel from the World Health Organization is up.

"Hoo?"

The prince's eyes changed.

"hello. It is an honor to stand at the gathering of heads of state. As you can see on the screen, a lot of people are suffering. As a researcher at the World Health Organization, I would like to tell you a case of emotional illness rather than a specific explanation."

"85 points. Passed."

Seriel opened the file.

"A terrible tragedy in a family that happened just 10 days ago." Emotional Disorder Case, No. 9-674.

"Aaaaaaa!" The man screamed as he was tied to his chair.

"Dad! Dad!"

"Do not come!"

Near the end of the Emotional Illness analysis, the unassisted household knew what to do.

'no! No way!'

If you can't stand it, you have no choice but to drive yourself into a state where you can stand it.

'My family will never.'

Unable to endure the pain, there were many cases of killing family members for temporary comfort.

"Aaaaaaa!"

It hurt so much, and his skin, tied to the rope, was in tatters.

The nail in the bottom of the chair swayed.

"go! Do not come!"

Even while unconscious from the pain, he did not regret his choice.

'I have to be tied up.'

He's a man and he's the strongest.

'Yeah, that's what it was made of.'

Then the locked door slammed open and two children and their mother came in crying.

"Dad."

A knife was in his hand.

"Dad, I am very sick. It hurts so much I think I will die."

"I love you."

The man smiled and nodded.

"The family who lost their head hanged themselves three days later when emotional illness broke out again."

The atmosphere became somber.

'You fools. All you have to do is believe in Satanism.'

Seriel's voice was locked.

"Do you think this is an extreme case? There are still deprived areas around the world where information is lacking and relief is unreached."

"The more I look at it, the better it gets. Okay, 87 points." Fermi turned his head as the prince's small words permeated the air.

Seeing the cold eyes, the prince said with a mouthful.

what, kid?

After that, Fermi, who had been glaring at the prince for a long time, turned his head and muttered.

It was an insult.

King Manolka of Kessia shook her shoulders.

"Cluck! As I live, I also see you show your emotions. Leave it alone. I'm just doing that because I'm bored because there's no food to eat yet. The same goes for you."

"Go to sleep."

"World peace? It is human beings who cannot even seek peace of mind. There is no end to greed, and full of dissatisfaction. I'm dying to go to the bathroom, but will that video catch my eye?''

"It just grows."

"Or what? Do you have anything with that wife?"

Fermi's mouth closed.

"People who lead the world! More support for humanity, please!"

'Damn it, all I did was money.'

"Don't lose your loved ones! Don't lose your human dignity under any circumstances!"

'If the bonus comes out, pay off the loan, give your mother something, and move to a place with a good education environment...

"Don't give up on yourself the precious memories, relationships, and love that everyone holds!"

'The Moon Kingdom side decorations are pretty. Should I tell the manager and ask for one?'

"If you join forces, you can change the world! I beg you earnestly!"

'Soon it's time for everyone to speak. The direction of the angels is important. First of all, keep Kashan in check... ...

Seriel slammed the podium and shouted.

"Please gather your will!"

" bra... ...

Just when Geese jumped up and was about to clap, he heard mad laughter.

"Hee hee hee!"

The atmosphere became chilly, and everyone in the conference hall turned their heads to follow the sound.

"Ku-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k."

Harvits was holding back a laugh desperately, his neck bent to one side.

"Oh sorry. sorry. Uhhhh!" Seriel was distraught.

"What is so funny?"

"It's not like that, cu cu cu cu cu!"

"You ask what's funny!"

The thunderous shout finally made the air heavy, and Havitz exhaled deeply.

"Sigh."

he said, twitching his beard.

"Well. Oh, what a pity. That so many people are suffering."

"You thought that was funny?"

Harvits waved.

"no. that's sad The reason I'm funny is the people here... ...

God's frequency.

"Well, I get it. It's hard and difficult, and life is like that. I just want to say... ...

satan asked.

"What are you guys doing here?" Satan's gaze swept across the crowd.

"yes? huh? Uh?"

Some turned away, some looked straight on, and some were angry.

'It's annoying.'

that reads the mind.

Habitz, who returned his gaze, pointed at Seriel and nodded deeply.

"admit."

Then they got up and clapped their hands together.

match. match. match. match.

Amid the dry applause, Luffist muttered bitterly.

"It was close."

The holy war was about to end.

"Enough."

With a smile, Shirone proudly looked at Seriel, whose makeup was smeared with tears.

big dream (3)

Harvitz's applause chilled the conversation of some, and it became clear.

'I have to kill that one.'

The ability to read the waves of the mind was, in a sense, more annoying than vanishing.

In this way, the initiative of the temple was over and it was time for representatives from each country to speak.

'Anyway, tonight is the key.' Assassinations, lobbying, solicitations, even secret deals, everything would be done informally.

"Jive has angels. This power is the ability to sustain the world. The speech that all nations can prosper was plain.

'Damn it, I can't push it because I care.'

If he even provoked Havitz with an intense strategy, he would be laughed at.

"Give Garto to Jive. Of course, if you give me a ROM, it will be a strong ally."

Geese said with a smile.

"Ah, of course Temika will politely decline."

no one laughed

The representatives of each country who cared about God's frequency used a strategy of hiding their inner feelings as much as possible.

Twelve countries explained why they should lead the world in a standard way.

There was a 20-minute break while free speech, which could be called the main game of the holy war, remained.

Gustav 4 skills, Sumodo said.

"Everyone cares too much about Havitz. It doesn't matter what your heart is, right? If you're that kind of person, you can do it. What are you so afraid of?" Balkan said.

"Because humans regard goodness as beautiful. But there are also countries that strategically do not stand out."

Zetaro said.

"It's just a search battle anyway. If there is some kind of collusion tonight, I will punch you tomorrow."

"So how is it? The balance of power."

"Hmm."

Vulcan read the crowd flag.

Energy is relative, and even if two beasts are imprisoned, the strong and the weak are separated.

A special flow was felt in the psychological warfare unfolded by hundreds of brains in 12 countries.

"In terms of odds, roughly, Jive 86%, Kashan 92%, Tormia 78%, Jincheon 66%... ...

Jetaro nodded.

"As expected, Habitz is strong. Although it is unusual for Tormia to be in the top three."

"Is it because of Yahweh? Although he is the strongest mage, he is actually not a difficult opponent. Harvits doesn't care too much."

Balkan said.

"It's easy from the point of view of evil. It's similar to a hoe on a gambling board. The problem is that the property of the household is infinite, so it is not easy to hit the back of the head... ...

His gaze drifted to the side.

"The important thing is that Tormia is not in third place. The place where the flow of crowd spirit gathers the most is... ...

He saw Kitra with a poisonous snake around his neck.

"It is the Kingdom of Paras."

Kitra, a venomous snake looking indifferently at the front, stuck out his tongue and kissed him.

"side. side."

He slowly turned his head, met Balkan's eyes, and gave a cool smile.

Sumodo asked quietly.

"What is your win rate?"

"I don't know. abnormal. I've never seen a flow like this. If I were to do the math, maybe... ...

Vulcan squinted one eye.

"128 percent?"

Zetaro blinked.

"It's over 100 percent. Do you have such a win rate?"

"So it's not strange. Even if you manipulate the hand in a card game, you won't get this kind of win rate. Therefore, there is only one number of cases that can exceed 100 percent." Sumodo said.

"In case the system is tampered with."

"yes. Odds are calculated according to the same rules. But what if you have a low hand and the system is manipulated so that the low hand wins? To express it numerically, it has no choice but to exceed 100 percent."

Jetaro murmured.

"Hmm. 100 percent means the whole, and going beyond the whole is conceptually impossible. However, when a new concept that transcends all was opened, something flashed into my mind.

"Outside world. That Paras had access to the secret through any route

Rogun."

Shirone was thinking the same thing.

'I don't understand Kitra's intentions. I have to finish exploring the pyramid as soon as possible.'

Currently, contact with everyone in the Pyramid, including Canis, Arin, and Zulu, has been cut off.

"We will resume the meeting. From now on, I will reduce the intervention of the chairman as much as possible with free speech."

The eyes of the representatives of each country changed, and the spirit of Jive stood up and opened fire.

"Let's end the war. Collaborating with the archangel, Satiel, who is present here, to promote peace as quickly as possible is a great harvest for mankind."

Jin Kang of the Jincheon Empire said.

"It doesn't end just by stopping the war. Currently, the people of Jincheon are suffering from radioactive mutations. I don't think the angels can fix the problem."

Satiel snorted.

"Hey, what do you mean when humans are weak? My body changed just because of radiation."

A cold sweat broke out on Geith's forehead, but it was difficult to control Satiel.

Lampa said.

"Listening, it seems that the archangel has no intention of coexisting with mankind. If Zive becomes the leader, isn't there a possibility that he will bring about another catastrophe?"

"no. that's... ...

Satiel cut Geith off.

"do not worry. Because I have no intention of harassing people like anyone else. When I have achieved what I want, I will lead my army and leave."

The Cloud Dragon of the Moon Kingdom asked.

"What do you want?"

"It is a personal thing. Of course, if you interfere with my work, disaster will befall you."

After spitting out, Satiel looked at Shirone.

'Ikael. Where are they?'

The fact that he couldn't find Ikael even though he looked all over the planet.

'He's avoiding me.'

Ikael's stealth ability was so powerful that even Anchera couldn't find it.

However, the reason Ikael hid was to hide Wena Wizard, not himself.

Can't we openly invoke the hope of humanity that can kill Havitz?

Shirone looked at her other location.

'I'll come to Jive in two days.'

The problem is that Rampa knows.

This is because training the wizards itself was part of the Ivory Tower Project.

'There's no way Mr. Lampa can help Satan. But now things have become delicate.'

Thing stirred up an infighting.

'Something unexpected. Depending on the outcome of the Ivory Tower, there is a risk of information leaking out.'

It was the reason I had no choice but to go to the ivory tower.

"devildom??????

Harvits's voice was heard.

"Shall I get rid of it?"

As everyone in the conference room focused on him, Uorin frowned.

'He's acting selfish again.'

Contrary to her uneasy mind, representatives from each country had a glimmer of hope.

"Is it possible?"

"It is possible. I am the lord of hell You should tell Lethe. You can purify hell."

said Pony.

"When Hell is cleansed, it means that your world is destroyed. Are you kidding us?"

"No, it's real. What I felt today, hell never goes away. As long as you guys live. Instead, there is one condition. Give me 10 percent of humanity."

"Ten percent?"

"It's better than dying. I'm also called Satan, so don't you need materials to rebuild hell? Once you decide, the Demon Realm will disappear completely."

to be freed from calamity.

However, 10 percent of mankind caught in the hands of Satan will suffer enough pain that hell will be rebuilt.

"You say that!" Geese jumped up.

"Even if you disparage human dignity, it is still a waste. Do you even know how big a number 10 percent of humanity is? Humanity will never make such a decision!"

"Hmm."

God's frequency.

-shut up. i will be the king of the world

"If you don't like it, you can't do it, and I'm making a suggestion. Then how about something like this? If 10 percent is too much, just go over one."

"yes? 1 person?"

Harvits pointed at Shirone.

"Yahweh."

He didn't stop, even though he knew that the extreme murderous spirit soared in Wu-Lin's heart.

"Enough. Not even 10% of humanity. If you hand over that guy, the world will be peaceful. is not it?"

"this... ...

The time when Pony, Seriel, and others who are in sympathy with Shirone jump to their feet.

"What are you like?"

satiel said.

"Dirty and filthy beast, the Nephilim are not something that a guy like you can touch."

He referred to it as the Nephilim, but Shirone knew it was referring to himself.

' why?'

Satiel killed the biological child born to Ikael and Guffin.

By human standards, it must have felt like an aunt kicking her nephew limb.

'Are you feeling guilty?'

Even knowing that Shirone was looking at her, Satiel deliberately avoided her gaze.

'Don't be mistaken. I'm just doing my thing for heaven. Killing you is my pride.' But why did I feel bad?

' maybe.'

In Shirone's appearance, the angel he hates the most and the human he loves the most can be seen at the same time.

'Yeah, it's not because of guilt. I am the archangel Satiel. Even if you kill me, I will kill you.'

she declared.

"Satan, you may be able to seduce humans, but it doesn't work on angels. If he thinks he can put the Nephilim under you, he will crush it with force."

"haha."

God's frequency was activated.

'This is also quite a thing.'

I never thought the day would come when I felt human vibrations in the mind of an archangel.

"There is a way to get rid of the Demon Realm."

Jin Kang said.

"The Jincheon Space Agency has researched the Pandemonium and has reached the level of technological prowess to obtain tangible results. Sooner or later, the Pandemonium will be wiped out by Jincheon, not an angel."

"What way?"

"Gwangcheonseong."

It was a space-time interceptor used by Jin Seong-eum.

Anchal said.

"Lights distort space. Jin Seong-eum, the princess of Jincheon, proved that the other side of the world is no different. Also, we have data left by the princess."

As Ahnchal raised his index finger, the vision of light heaven unfolded in a large sphere.

"Therefore, we continued to develop and develop a weapon that could directly hit Hell. Perm minerality. I will destroy the princess of Jincheon and destroy the demon world."

Harvits blinked.

"Hmm."

The fact that Satan couldn't refute it meant that the possibility of permanence was verified.

"Listen up, Harvits."

A thread of blood stood up in Jin Kang's eyes.

"You will pay the price for touching Jincheon. I will become an evil that transcends you and punish you."

'A tremendous echo.'

Havitz clearly heard the heart of a father who had to send his beloved daughter to hell.

Shirone understood that sentiment.

'I must have waited for this moment.'

I felt the weight of countless words that I had to swallow in order to spit out this one word.

"for a bit... ... I will take a break."

At the declaration of the chairman, representatives and officials from each country rushed out of the conference room.

'Today's meeting ends here.'

Everyone was intuitive.

big dream (4)

'The first day is an exploration battle.'

Officials turned to their quarters.

'Only one country can be a leader. There's no one I can propose to join right now.'

Even if the allies win the vote, the question of deciding the leader remains.

'For priorities to be set between allies, the balance of power must tilt to some extent.'

At a time when there was no distinction between Pia and Pia, there would have been no country that would willingly extend a hand.

As the thoughts of each country became complicated, Uorin entered the room and shouted out loud.

"What are you doing!"

Kido was watching, and Harbitz lay down on the bed and blinked.

"What?"

"You tripped over Shirone. Forgot a deal? On the condition of handing over the world... ...

"You take Shirone."

Havitz jumped up and stood up.

"That's a good strategy. If Shirone accepts my deal, it will be good for you."

"You can't win hearts that way. do as planned Don't keep going astray."

"You are the one who misses."

"what?"

Harbitz pointed at Uorin.

"The power of history search. When Kashan becomes the leader, you can unite humanity into Ultima."

It was also the reason Uorin was sure that Shirone would come to him.

"What do you mean? When I achieve what I want, I hand over my powers to you

you said."

Even in the genealogy of Mitochondrial Eve, only Urin had a future poem.

When she looks at something, the trajectory the object will move in the future is revealed as a line of light.

Indeed, the apple she was looking at had a faint light running along its surface.

After a while, the light in the form of a hand connected to the light of the apple, and the apple fell down.

"Actually, it's no big deal."

Uorin averted her gaze at Harbitz's words.

"Seeing future movements. That much is just predictable."

The reason future poetry is powerful.

"The true value is activated when you close your eyes. That's the secret you were trying to hide."

If Uorin doesn't see anything, the timeline can expand infinitely.

'Because all signals are connected.'

Havitz's fingertips, the table the hand touches, the floor the table touches, and the ground connected to the floor.

If all trajectories of buildings, humans, creatures, and plants built through the site are revealed as lines of light.

"It is going to rule history. By manipulating the variables that occur within it."

Harvits apologized.

"Well, how are you?"

The timeline spread out in golden light fluctuated enormously.

"If I drop an apple here, what will happen 200 kilometers away?"

The apple rolled across the floor.

Kido will pick it up, and if it's my job, the janitor will pick it up if it gets damaged.

Of course, the apple is put in the trash and becomes food for insects... ... .

'When the timeline is accelerated endlessly.' There is a change in the colony where the bugs live, and as a result, a biological change of 10,000 individual units... ... .

"stop."

Uorin stopped thinking.

Because future poetry expands as it penetrates, at some point the brain becomes overloaded.

"Nice."

Even without Uorin explaining, Harvits penetrated everything with the god's frequency.

"To think that the trivial act of dropping an apple changed the history of bugs. It is like a god."

The reason Uorin wrinkled her nose was that the bug could become a human.

"There is a limit to what you can see with your eyes. The history search radius is too vast. At best... ...

The degree to which la energy can be found.

"No, no. There is no limit to ability. That's because your brain is human."

Harvits thought for a moment.

"I heard that the Gaian brain remains... ...

Life in Uorin's eyes soared, and hot anger welled up in his heart.

"What do you want to say?"

"Don't forget the reason I kept you alive. You would kill yourself to take it by force, so I have no choice but to join your will...

It was an ability I wanted to have.

"If future poetry goes to Shirone, I think I will feel anger for the first time."

Harvits headed for the door.

"My method may be good. Think carefully."

There would be a commotion if he crossed the Kashan area, but there was no way to stop it anyway.

Kido said as the door closed.

"I don't like it. It was an impossible deal from the start. That guy covets your abilities so much that he's just taking advantage of you. At this point... ...

"shut up."

Kido's eyes lit up.

"Wake! Even if you can make an Ultima, Shirone already has someone she loves!"

"Kido, please."

Uorin slowly raised her head.

"please... ... shut up."

As evening approached, Arachne's envoys delivered letters to the nations.

"It's a banquet. Good to sell."

When Rufist put the letter on the table, Shirone looked down and read it.

"Most will attend."

"Well, behind-the-scenes work that can't be done at a meeting will start from now on. I won't miss it, even just to see the atmosphere. the problem is... ...

Rufist pointed to the last sentence of the letter.

"For a fun banquet, we hope that entertainers from all over the world will attend and shine. On the surface, it may be intended to compete for cultural supremacy, but... ...

said the albino.

"The politics of the night is about to begin. I'm going to start a beauty world in earnest from Arachne's side. I wonder how powerful it is. Why don't you give it a try? If you know the level, can you infer how much information will leak from other countries?"

When there was no answer, he shrugged.

"I can't do it. At this age... ...

"I will decide based on the situation. More than that, the problem is yin on our side. I want to save it as soon as possible."

I didn't say I would keep it.

"I want to refuse if there is a mixture of disquieting intentions. Do I really have to do that?"

No one agreed with Shirone's words.

'Can't I do more than that?' It's not a matter of like or dislike.

If everyone did that, Tormia had no choice but to compete.

'But it's not good to ignore Shirone's will. This is really embarrassing.'

Rufist chose the next best thing.

"It is in order to ask the opinion of the tug of war. Shirone, will you go and tell the captain?"

"Yes."

Shirone also thought it would be better to persuade him himself.

"At the banquet?"

Shirone, who found the lodging where the tug of war was staying, delivered the contents of the letter to Ogent Reina.

"Probably not a good spot. It will be teeming with greedy people."

"I guess so."

She nodded.

"okay. I will prepare and set off."

"Yes?"

Of course I thought I would refuse.

"Are you okay? You know what seat it is."

"You can't go out, can you? We're fighting for Tormia, so we have to bear that much. Of course, they expect Maya, and if things go bad, I can step in and take control."

When Shirone showed a distrustful look, Reina smiled and rubbed her shoulder.

"Do not worry about it. Even in the royal castle, this kind of thing is not uncommon. I trust my sister and leave it to her. But the problem is... ...

Reina looked back in the hallway.

"I don't know how it is with Kayden. You know, if your hand moves against your will

If straight... ...

"okay."

The banquet hall would become a mess.

Reina, who took Shirone to Cayden's room, explained the situation.

"So, if you stay in the room for a while... ...

"It's not possible."

Cayden was adamant.

"I can't send Maya alone. I will keep it unconditionally. Please let me go."

"Even if you said unconditionally... ...

Cayden knew that he couldn't suppress the symptoms of moving against his will.

"I will not take the sword."

"It's a tough spot. A minor mistake could damage Tormia. Just this time... ...

"Please let me go with you."

When Reina turned around, Maya stood among the entertainers attending the banquet.

"If Kayden doesn't accompany me, I won't go either."

Shirone came out.

"Don't worry too much. I will go to the banquet too, so nothing will happen."

Maya's heart was filled with the fact that Shirone was protecting her, but she shook her head.

"No, thank you for your heart, but... ... I want to go with Cayden. I don't think I'll feel safe."

'Maya.'

Caden's expression darkened.

Of course, I'm not so stupid that I don't know how she said it.

'I'm trying.'

She also struggles desperately to keep her promise to forget Shirone.

Caden stepped forward.

"I swear. You will never make a mistake. So please let me go."

His willpower was higher than ever, and he glared coldly at his right arm.

'If you were my body, would you know? If you make a mistake this time, I will really cut you off.'

The right arm was unresponsive.

Upon arriving at the banquet hall, a good 200 people were chatting.

Among world-class figures, Ye-in was very nervous.

"Tormia's turn is the last. Artists, please enjoy your time comfortably and come when I call."

That the 10-minute time to decide what to do with Cayden pushed their turn to the end.

'Surprisingly agile.'

It was proof that this was not the time to be foolish.

The decent atmosphere gradually became overheated as alcohol was added, and there were some standout characters among them.

"Puhahaha! yes, yes! As expected, Rubian is the best for alcohol. Isn't it?"

It was Marcus, the prince of the Iron Kingdom.

A sensualist in his early thirties, he was still blatantly examining the women at the banquet hall.

"Hehe, so then I... ... Uh?" While he was talking, he looked around and stopped talking when he saw Maya.

"Hoo?"

Most people knew Maya because she belonged to Valkyrie's tug of war.

"A famous person is here." He left immediately, took another glass of wine, and approached Maya.

"Mystery Maya, right?"

His voice was soft, but his eyes, already loose from drunkenness, were menacing.

"My name is Marcus, the first prince of the Iron Kingdom."

'The Prince of Iron.'

The intimidation of the position was much greater than expected, and Maya naturally shrank.

"This is Maya. It is an honor to meet you."

Reluctantly, he held out his hand, and Marcus's fingers coiled around him like a snake.

"Oh, the skin is very soft... ... Just as he was about to joke without paying attention, he saw Caden with his terrifying eyes raised.

"What are you?"

Since this had already been foretold, Maya calmly explained.

"He is my bodyguard. Kayden, hello."

"A bodyguard?"

One thing she didn't expect was that this was not a place where common sense worked.

"Unpleasant. Is Tormia only at this level? Yein bodyguards glaring at the prince."

Covering the right and wrong is meaningless.

If Cayden overpowers Marcus, the enemy country called Iron will only increase at that moment.

'Be patient, Kayden. If things go wrong with Iron already, it's only foreign countries that laugh.'

harsh reality.

Cayden had to make a choice as officials from around the world looked at him with snake eyes.

I lowered my head because I couldn't disappoint Maya.

"Forgive me for my rudeness... ...

and that moment.

Cayden saw his right hand pumping his fist up with great speed.

Depth of Abyss (1)

Cayden tried his best, but in the end his fist cut through the air.

'yes? Empty?'

His motion stopped, but the people in the banquet hall were busy looking around.

"what? what's the matter?"

Not only Marcus, but the position of the people in the banquet hall had changed.

Wu Lin frowned.

"Keugh."

Shirone captured the scene, but for now, the first thing to do was to judge the situation.

"A little while ago... ...

"I don't know."

Lufist shook his head.

"I'm sure something happened, but I don't know what it is. Was I by your side?"

Shirone searched for his memory.

'How I got here. When I came out of the room and passed the hallway, I met Mr. Rufist... ...

The moment I finished the restoration, I got goosebumps.

'It definitely moved.'

It had moved approximately 3 cm from the position in his memory.

Also, digging further into the memory, it was the shortest distance among those whose location had changed.

'It's not like I was forced to move.' If something has moved, it's probably the heart.

'I came here on my own accord. Something happened, and it changed my mind.'

It felt as if one of the two incidents had been chosen, like the Buddha statue explosion.

Therefore, those without a sense of jealousy would be in an awkward feeling like deja vu.

Rufist asked.

"Can you explain?"

"There are parts that make you guess. But what I don't understand is the scale is too big."

Shirone's actions only change where Shirone's actions are applied, but... ... .

'Now everyone's position has changed. In a word, the whole incident is a twisted situation.'

It's not the level of the time width.

"This is the result of assuming that hundreds of people's wills were turned at the same time. Who can do this?"

"??????yes."

Rufist rested his chin.

"As you said, it is not space travel. Because I am also standing here with my own will. But I don't remember coming this far. I was definitely there."

He pointed to a corner of the banquet hall.

"Flu was next to me, and I was in contact with an official from the Moon Kingdom. the memory is clear The only problem is, I still feel that I came here on my own volition."

"That's the point."

Is it possible to understand the sudden change of location even though you have no memory?

"There is a case similar to this." Shirone remembered a man's face.

"The rapid-fire sword Chagall. His life is marked by memories instilled by Ra E Nami. Because of that, he became a murderer, and now he has fallen into hell."

"After all, we all went through the same phenomenon as Chagall. Although to varying degrees."

"Yes. Chagall's entire life was gone. In any case, controlling the effect by changing the cause requires authority at the level of Ankera."

Rufist arranged it.

"In other words, what has happened is the mind, some ability to change quantum signals. And its power... ...

His gaze turned to the floor.

"Is it enough to push the heart of Yahweh by three centimeters?"

Considering that everyone's position has changed greatly, Shirone has almost remained in place.

'Don't be shaken by any variable O'

However, the fact that Yahweh's footsteps moved even a little was serious.

Lufist murmured.

"The system has changed... ...

Shirone thought the same, but this time he had no choice but to remain silent.

'This is obviously the work of the outside world. It's premature to share information.'

Of course, there were those who knew, and perhaps one of them had reached the correct answer.

'Uorin.'

When Shirone looked away, she was hurriedly leaving the banquet hall.

"Still, the question remains."

Rufist asked.

"yes. It is the result of everyone's will to change. I've lost my mind, and here I am. But if so...

He pointed at Cayden.

"Why did you swing your fist? If Marcus isn't in front of his eyes, his right hand shouldn't have moved, right?"

'Yes, this is strange.'

As Shirone turned his head, Caden looked at his right hand and squinted his eyes.

'What have I done?'

I still remember Marcus teasing Maya, but I also understood that he was not in front of me.

'I was just delusional. Because that guy never actually came to me. But why do I... ...

Did he try to attack Marcus?

'Are you angry just thinking about it? Is it really like that?'

The right hand did not answer.

Amidst the similar confusion, Fermi's cold gaze was directed at Cayden.

'That was it.'

It was one of several keywords obtained from Apocalypse that were not analyzed.

'Jailbreak.'

It was a phenomenon of escaping from the prison called the body, which did not allow even an inch of gap.

After coming out of the banquet hall, Uorin's face was covered with cold sweat.

'Nonsense. How could this happen... ...

When the position of the people in the banquet hall changed, her future poetry was sharply twisted.

'The future has changed.'

The fluctuating lines of light were blinding, and a tremendous shock was applied to the brain.

'system. Changing itself is not something humans can do. if it is possible... ...

"Uorin-

The old woman's shoulders twitched.

When I turned around, I saw Shirone walking quickly through the empty hallway.

"... ... huh."

He knew that he would follow him, but he felt sad at the same time.

'I only look for it at times like this.'

Shirone said.

"Do you know what happened to the situation from a moment ago?"

"do not know. Even if you know, there's no reason to explain it to you. We are competitors."

It was ironic that in order to win Shirone's heart, he had to defeat him.

"God's Perspective."

Since he had told Fermi the secrets of the outside world, they should have reached Uorin's ears as well.

"This is something only God can do. But I don't know exactly what happened."

"Sigh."

Uorin sighed and said.

"Follow."

Arriving at Kashan District, she looked around and went into her room.

"No one will come for 35 minutes."

This is because the trajectory of a special event did not appear in the corridor viewed in the future.

"In other words, it means there are only 35 minutes left. I'll explain briefly. I also have information from you."

Wu Lin organized her thoughts.

"At the banquet hall, 12 countries gathered. There are countries where the King has attended, like me, but some countries have not. Perhaps the culprit is one of those countries."

"door. Shirt. And... ...

Shirone said in a subdued voice.

"Paras."

"yes. If the power of God worked in the banquet hall, Paras, where the Pyramid of Truth is located, is a strong candidate. As you may have guessed, King Kitra must have entered the pyramid."

"Emotional illness seems to have been cured. The question is, how did you change the system?"

"The 12th palace of the zodiac."

Uorin raised her index finger.

"It's the movement of the stars."

Several people left the banquet hall, and one of them was Jin Kang, the emperor of Jincheon.

"Explain."

When I asked about it, Ahn-chal, who had come closer before I knew it, lowered his head and said.

"The Jincheon Space Agency is investigating. Nothing particularly special happened. but... ...

" but?"

"The position of the stars has changed."

When Jin Kang's expression became displeased, he continued to speak.

"I wouldn't say it's really changed. Maybe it hasn't changed, but... ...

"Explain properly."

I understood Jin Kang's feelings, but there was no better explanation for it, even if it was Ahn Chal.

"Your Highness must have felt it, but an event has been pushed into the realm of delusion. However, when it is said that it is an incident that may have actually occurred... ...

"Is the position of the stars different from before?"

"Yes. It's not something you can see with the naked eye. It's about 1/1 of an astronomical number. However, my magic eye is the ability to control the mind, so I definitely feel that something has changed."

"Hmm, the position of the stars is different."

Jin Kang asked while brushing his beard.

"What does that mean?"

"The First Universe."

Wu Lin continued.

"The action of all the atoms that followed from that moment made the present celestial body. Humans, no, all beings in this universe are bound by the operation of the law."

she opened the window

"There are fish because there is water. Birds exist because there is a sky. Ancient humans were aware of that fact. And I gave it the name Destiny."

Stars twinkled in the night sky.

"Actually, constellations don't have special powers. A celestial body just made that way. It means that according to the rules that have been established from the beginning, some human beings will end up living like this. A man named Cayden was destined for the Red Cross... ...

Woorin turned around.

"To be precise, it was already decided from the beginning of the universe that Cayden would be born that way, and the result is the constellation you are looking at now."

A specific pattern created by the position of the stars.

"The Red Cross is in the southern sky, with seven red stars in the shape of a cross. by the way. if... ... What would happen if the position of the stars changed?"

Shirone finally realized.

"The law changes. It means that the beginning of the universe, that is, the first cause, is different, so the result is also different."

"yes. Actually moving the planet would be a big problem. But if it's different from the start, there's no sense of incongruity. Because human logic is based on cause and effect. I was born, I have my parents, I have my parents' parents and... ...

Uorin raised her hand.

"And when we finally arrive at the beginning of the universe, human logic is over. Conversely, human logic is born from there, so I don't think it's strange no matter what results come out now."

"It is the result achieved by thoroughly observing the law of causality."

It was the reason everyone in the banquet hall believed that it was their own will even though they had different memories.

"yes. There are errors in memory. But that's not all. The change of a person's position in the banquet hall is a change on a cosmic scale. Of course, the number of changes may be minute enough to be close to infinitesimal, but Paras should be considered to have the ability to fine-tune."

Shirone remembered Piri, the leader of the new race.

'Nane said it's just the beginning. But did Fermi know that the beginning was Paras?

"Shirone, I don't know what Kitra is thinking. Our job is to uncover the secrets of the outside world faster than Paras."

"I am exploring the Pyramid of Truth, but it will take time. A decision must be made before the crusade is over, but... ...

"There is one more."

"yes?"

Uorin crossed her arms and asked.

"In Ymir's dream. Doesn't the fact that quantum signals are blocked mean that we are connected to the outside world?"

Shirone shuts up at the cold-hearted analysis.

was

'Come to think of it... ...

Those who went into the dream to steal Ultima, what are they doing now?

Depth of Abyss (2)

Gaold had a dream.

Flying fast over the endless sea, he was obviously in a painful state.

Her hair was white, and tears of blood flowed from her eyes, which were only white.

'Air Press!'

A black monster 2,000 times bigger than a deep-sea whale screamed and wriggled.

lied

Drinking Leviathan.

It was the strongest and worst creature that exists in Ymir's mind, the second level of depth.

Aaaaaang!

Sein's face distorted as a tsunami hundreds of meters high was created by Ilgal Bay.

'Sun and moon halo.'

I wanted to see the two halos interlocking like gears and gradually reducing the sound.

Aaaaaang!

The screams erupted again and eventually broke into pieces.

"this... ...

As the restraining power was gone, Leviathan twisted like an unbridled colt.

Every time they hit the sea, a shockwave exploded, and the party was hidden in the pouring water.

"Yaaaa!"

Following the spirit of the maze, the incarnation of Avalokiteshvara with Thousand Arms appeared through the curtain of water.

The number of palms that overwhelmed the Demon God increased to tens of thousands and struck the torso.

Kieh!

How long has it been since I heard the scream of a monster?

'Wrong. It doesn't work.' But that's all, Leviathan flew back up unscathed.

Shirone let out a heavy breath.

'How long did you fight?'

They entered a place too deep and huge to guess the time of reality.

However, when calculated with the number of agreements with Leviathan... ... .

'It seems like six months have passed.'

The total amount of power was enough to devastate the real planet, but Leviathan was unbreakable.

'It's because it's in a dream.'

But even so, Shirone and the others are also beings who have reached the limit of their mental powers.

"Is this Ymir?"

You can't shock his psyche.

The biggest problem was that Leviathan could not be frustrated with any attack.

Louver flew.

"Oh Dae-sung, your stamina is at the bottom. Oh no, I must say it's mental strength. If we take any more time here, we are out of luck."

Six months with the Demon God is probably the maximum power they can fight without rest.

"... ... OK."

The resolve was quick.

'I have no choice but to try it or not. If I fail this time, it's really over.'

the only way.

'The ability of the outside world.'

After Louver's objet <Butterfly of the Firstborn> was activated, Shirone's thinking changed.

'God's point of view.'

The realization he has reached now is a stage that Shirone in reality has not yet reached.

'I need power beyond infinity.' Yahweh's spirit is infinite, but why is his power not infinite?

Because the world is closed.

'Cause and effect are just the logic of time. If you set the direction of time to minus... ...

Effects become causes, and causes in turn become effects.

"Infinity cycles to infinity." it will be infinite

When Shirone's Hand of God spread his palm wide, the light particles were compressed.

"Big!"

As cause and effect circulated, biting each other's tail, a change occurred in Shirone's body.

Louver's eyes widened.

"That... ...

Shirone's body began to disintegrate, as if a thread was unwound from a skein of thread.

'More, more!'

As the cause and effect circulated, the unraveling shape became bizarre, and at last the waist was twisted like a twist.

"Aaaaaaa!"

"Oh Dae-sung! It's not possible!"

The moment Louver shouted, a black line began to wind in the light of the Hand of God.

Above the bizarre law where light and darkness coexist at the same time.

"uh... ...

The color of the Photon Cannon, which was born with a roar, was bizarrely mottled.

The distorted colors, as if ink were sprinkled on the sphere of light, are the unknowns of the outside world.

'A world in which cause and effect are reversed.' Louver's expression hardened and his gaze at Shirone cooled.

"The outside world... ...

Shirone flies away, biting the tail of the Leviathan heading towards Kang Nan and Arius.

"Yaaaaa!" The moment he swung his arm, a huge flash of light stretched out and buried itself in Leviathan's side.

"Big... ...

Another scream erupted, but this time the sound waves were sucked into the Leviathan.

A black and white photon cannon made a messy turn at the side sunk hundreds of meters deep.

When Leviathan's huge mouth opened wide, everyone in the party looked tired.

"Damn it... ...

Before Gaold could finish his words, the roar of the Demon God spewing out all life burst out.

Aaaaaaang!

Every time the gigantic body wriggled, the world shook and cracks appeared in the black skin.

'It explodes.'

The light leaking out of the cracks was not normal so anyone felt that way.

"That's Okay!"

Arius shouted.

"It was a shock to Leviathan. In-depth level 1, finally with Ymir... ... !"

Before the words are finished, the whole world is dyed in white light.

"Gluck! Gluck!"

Arius drank the seawater that suddenly rushed into his mouth and struggled.

'Am I going to fall?'

No, it was the sea rising.

The brilliance of the explosion that filled the sky gradually diminished in size as the water rose.

'It's fine. Now go to Ymir.' how long did she wait

"100 million! 100 million!"

In the darkness without a single ray of light, Arius struggled with his limbs.

'When are you arriving?'

It was buried endlessly.

The water pressure, to be precise, Ymir's mind was holding them down.

"Grrrr... ...

As the air in his lungs escaped, Arius' gaping chin cooled and stiffened.

Meanwhile, Louver has been searching for Shirone.

'It's over there.'

Yahweh would be able to withstand Ymir's spirit, but Shirone did not move.

'Is it also affected?' It was difficult to guess what state his mind would be in the process of reversal of thought and reversal of reversal.

'I will die at this rate.'

Louver, who was looking at Shirone, who had sunk into darkness, brightened his eyes as if he had made up his mind.

'Dream Barrier.'

It was a taboo among taboos, but it was an unavoidable decision to save Shirone.

As Louver's body soaked into the water, the color of the sea began to change to deep purple.

'Please be safe!'

With his consciousness quickly fading, Autumn wandered in search of the maze.

'Where are you?'

Although he did not know the theory of dreams, his body felt what state he was in right now.

"Grrrrrr!"

The human body cannot tolerate oxygen indefinitely, but this was a dream world.

However, the physical figures were transformed into spirits and were destroying Gaold's mind.

'I'm not giving up. maze... ...

At that moment, he felt a labyrinth approaching him from the depths of the abyss.

"Garreuk! gurgle!"

As he finally approached Maze, a cold hand wrapped around Gaold's neck. An auditory hallucination-like voice ringing in my ears. Gaold.

Waking up, Gaold blinked as he recalled his dream from earlier.

Sunlight came in through the windows, and although it was dusty, it smelled warm.

"Honey, wake up."

When I slowly looked away, Kang Nan was walking towards the kitchen with food in a basket.

"ah."

right.

'Kangnan was my wife.'

then... ... Who could be the woman who hugged and whispered to him in his dream?

"Is that a dream again?"

Kang Nan asked while trimming vegetables.

Yo O" Heh.

"?... "yes."

The reason why Kang Nan's voice is locked is because she also dreams the same dream every day.

It always has been.

Wake up from the dream, take a walk with her, eat, and sleep with her.

'If I fall asleep again.'

The scene of the most grueling battle is coming to reality.

"Whoa."

Gaold took a deep breath.

'It's just a nightmare.'

yes, it's a nightmare

The self-reciprocal mutation that had tormented him so much in his dreams was not here.

'does not it hurt.'

Gaold thought that that alone was enough reason to live in this world.

"we... ... What happened?"

It's just a matter of asking.

"Is that sound again?"

"I don't know what is real. Isn't it weird sometimes? here it is If this place is really real... ...

"Stop it!"

Kang Nan shouted out loud.

"It's just a dream! I don't care who you love in your dreams! But, it's too much!"

The reason they are confused is because they don't know the cause.

How they came to live here, why they fell in love, why they had nightmares.

"Sorry."

Gauld got out of bed and hugged Kang Nan.

"I was too sensitive. yeah, it's just a dream Now that you're awake, let's start a good day."

"... ... Eat food."

Kang Nan, who pouted his lips, handed over the soup, and Gaold moved it to the table.

'It's not strange.'

It's obvious that there is no cause, right?

'But it's strange.' The feeling of missing something.

'hour.'

I've lived in this house for a long time, but it seems like I've lived since today, and I have nightmares every day, but maybe it's the first time.

"Let's go."

Her food was delicious, a relief I would never experience in my dreams.

Gaold set the tableware down.

"Let's get some fresh air. Doing some shopping after a long time."

Have you ever made money?

"Ok, fine."

The lukewarm and uncomfortable feeling would be the same, so it was nice to see Kang Nan smiling at me.

As we went outside, people dressed as refugees passed between the steel-framed skyscrapers.

shoot it shoot it

The sound of waves was heard somewhere, but no one here knew what it was.

"Come on, it's cheap. it's cheap!"

The market was lined with stalls, and most of the people's faces were familiar.

Gaold was relieved.

" How much?"

Kang Nan asked with interest in the necklace with wolf teeth attached to the leash.

"It's 200 fisk, so I'm going to give you 1.5 million. ah

It's the main good stuff."

"Honey, let's do this."

At that time, a big dog ran from the other side of the market.

wow! wow!

"Arius! wait!" Garold turned his head to see a dog running at him with bandages over his eyes.

"this... ...

When Gauld pushed back and blocked the gang, the dog stabbed him right in the stomach.

"Damn it! what?"

He frowned under the dog's weight as his wet tongue licked his chin.

"Arius! It's fine?"

When the dog went back at the woman's voice, Ga Old jumped up with an angry expression.

"Little boy! And if you release the dog... ... yes?"

Gaold stopped talking.

A young girl, probably eight years old, was holding the dog by the scruff of its neck.

It's a common sight that can be seen anywhere, but Gauld's heart beat wildly.

"??????maze?"

"yes? How does he know my name?"

Confused, Gaold looked back and forth between the river and the labyrinth, lost in thought.

'It's definitely the name of the woman who appears in my dreams. But... ... Aren't you a child?'

You must also feel the intensity.

"Little boy."

Just as she was about to ask something with a serious expression on her face, a tall man approached her.

"what's going on?"

Gaold realized that his appearance was the same as the man he called Sein in the dream.

"Oh, the dog came running."

Sein, who looked at the mess, grasped the situation and lowered his head.

"Looks like my daughter made a mistake. Because Arius couldn't see her eyes. She's not very excitable."

month! month!

As soon as he finished speaking, Arius went and started barking at Old.

"Oh, yes! What's wrong with you today?"

Kreureung! Kreureung!

Arius, who bit Miro's sleeve with his teeth, twisted his neck repeatedly and pulled him.

"you really... ... ! yes?"

Miro frowned as he saw tears streaming down Arius' bandages.

Kreureung! Kreureung!

As if she had to go to that man, as if she was pulling her owner with all her might.

"Arius... ...

Sensing something for the first time, she slowly turned her head and looked up at Gaold.

"Who is the uncle?"

"Little boy."

Gaold asked.

"you... ... Have you ever had a strange dream'?"

Depth of the Abyss (3)

"Serious."

The Moon Kingdom's brainchild, Cheonganmun, watched the deck plate floating on the water rotate.

The law resides everywhere in Mother Nature, and water can be said to be its representative nature.

"This is the first time this has happened."

Even if it looks like a puddle, numerous particles are moving in the fluid.

It's chaos indeed.

Gapjapan was a divination device that designed the future in response to the movement of chaos.

"By the way, are you spinning?"

Being unpredictable means that anything can happen.

"What is it?"

When Wenryong appeared, everyone in the Heavenly Gate stood up and stepped back to the left and right.

"Your Highness, are you here?"

"Aren't you asking what's going on? People suddenly change their positions in the banquet hall."

"indeed."

The leader of the Heavenly Gate nodded.

"Your Highness, the principles of the world are changing. This could never happen in nature. Someone must have artificially tampered with the law."

"You tamper with the law? Who could do such a thing?"

"maybe... ...

Leader felt it.

"It must be Kitra of the Kingdom of Paras. Originally, the zodiacal zodiac was compared to our celestial gate, but it does not have the ability to do such extraordinary things. You must have gained something."

"Hmm."

The kingdom of Moon, the birthplace of divination, was not ignorant of the principles of the world.

"Then what should I do? If Paras' astrology is more powerful, the Moon Kingdom will suffer a loss on the contrary."

It was making the protagonist helpless.

"There are two ways. The first is to conform to the laws they change. If you have the ability of the Heavenly Gate, you will be able to respond promptly."

It was a fair argument, but it was not a good feeling to bow down to a rival country.

"How about the second method?"

The leader's eyes changed sharply.

"The curse, something that blows the flesh to Kitra and makes his mind incomplete is coming."

"... ... Is it possible?"

"If you are a leader of a country, your energy surpasses that of a tiger. It comes with a lot of preparation. but... ... It is not very difficult if everything is in place."

"Hmm."

Moonryong was lost in thought.

'Use Paras or kill Paras. Anything will work, but... ...

His eyes flashed.

The 12th Zodiac of Paras.

The hologram spread over the pentagram was packed with stars that could be observed from the planet.

"Hmm."

I watched the constellation called Kit sitting on the podium.

'It's quite tricky.'

Even Ankera, the manager of the universe, had the authority to reset the system.

The work of changing the system itself, that is, fine-tuning, is an absolute ability of the outside world.

'Even if it goes a little wrong, the essence of the universe changes. At any rate, it becomes nothing

I can throw it away.'

Changing the law of the banquet hall was a kind of experiment for a huge change.

"Majesty."

The door opened, and the astrologer of the 12th zodiac drew the state of the banquet hall on a blueprint.

"Your fate has changed."

"Bring it."

The astrologer handed over the drawing, and a poisonous snake caught in Kitra's throat bit it and brought it back.

'Let's see.'

The special language used by astrologers can pack a lot into a short text.

"What is this?"

The astrologer couldn't see where Kitra was pointing, but he could guess.

"This is Cayden, a Red Cross destined man. However, there is a prison break phenomenon on his right hand... ...

"No, it doesn't matter. It happens anyway, and you can't control it."

As the astrologer raised his head, Kitra turned the blueprint to point to a sentence.

"Shirone. According to the laws I designed, I must travel 32 meters. But... only three centimeters?"

"He is a master of the heart. It is expected that all causes will reach approximately the same conclusion. Isn't that why Your Highness allowed us to explore the Pyramid of Truth?"

to find out where God is.

'Sure, but... ... Much stronger than expected. Sooner or later he will meet God in the Pyramid of Truth. If I go through with it to this extent, I could be in danger.'

"Nothing will change, Your Highness."

"but."

The stronger Shirone resists fate, the more precise God's coordinates become.

"I will change the laws of the world."

"Please work."

While the zodiac astrologers bowed their heads, Kitra spread her arms.

"I will become a god."

Miro blinked.

"A strange dream?"

"yes. The sea spreads out, and a huge monster emerges. There's no way you wouldn't know if you were Miro."

"Nope. I don't have dreams like that."

"... ... You don't know?"

It could be.

'It's just my opinion anyway. Reality is here.'

But why does Miro's heart not be able to remember himself break his heart?

"Think carefully. i saw you in a dream what were you trying to say to me yes?"

Gaold.

What was the woman trying to say in the dream?

"Dad, this man is a bit strange. let's hurry."

Miro pulled Daddy's hand.

If it were their parents, they would leave immediately, but unexpected words came out of Sain's mouth.

"for a moment... ... Please talk to me."

Sein's house with a cozy atmosphere. Gaul De and Kang Nan sat side by side on the sofa.

"What are you talking about?"

Sein, who was watching Arius and his daughter playing on the floor, said.

"I have that nightmare too."

Gaold and Kang Nan's expression went blank.

"The sea and the monster you mentioned are still vivid in my memory."

Kang Nan said.

"It could be a coincidence. That's what a dream is. It's up to you to bring and paste it."

"Your name appears."

Gang-Nan was angry at her husband's obsession.

"Stop being stupid! Are you going through that ridiculous pain and wishing your nightmares were real?"

could it be good

It felt like my throat would be torn just by breathing, and I prayed that I would rather die every time I fought.

Gaold clenched his fists.

'does not it hurt.'

It was heaven compared to a nightmare, but the problem was that I couldn't get rid of the maze's hallucinations.

"I understand."

Sein said.

"Because I don't want to go back to nightmares either. I love my daughter too. But... ...

I suddenly feel that way.

'Why a daughter?'

Because of that trivial question, he couldn't turn a blind eye to Gaold and brought him here.

Gaold asked.

"Miro, no, why isn't your daughter dreaming? If you're lying... ...

"Miro doesn't lie. He's stubborn, but he's a good kid." good kid.

As I savored those words, I heard a sound from the ceiling.

-Everyone is gathered.

Everyone who raised their heads widened their eyes.

"what... ...

The wood on the ceiling became convex like liquid, and a pale-faced boy descended.

"Forgive me for being late. I struggled to find the drifting point. I'm glad you're safe."

"Who are you?"

The boy shook his head.

"It has faded a lot, too. I can't help it. My name is Mona. I am a dream comer. I was waiting at the deep entrance, and I had no choice but to come down."

"A dream designer? An in-depth entrance?"

I felt like I knew it, but I couldn't remember anything in my head.

"I need your help. Please convince Yahweh. I'm just looking at the bar all day."

Sein asked.

"The sea. Where is the sea here?"

"You should know. Doesn't everyone dream? So it's kind of a nightmare

rum... ...

The atmosphere became eerie.

"Of course you know. Even submerged under the sea. Although my daughter doesn't seem to have nightmares."

"yes?"

Mong-ah's eyes, which had been watching the labyrinth, calmly calmed down.

'... ... Right.'

It was a maze-like decision.

"Let's go at once. Time is running out. Mr. Miro did a good job, but waking up Yahweh is an urgent priority. You will know everything when you get to the beach."

They would do anything if the secrets of the nightmares that haunted them every day were solved.

"Okay, let's go."

After leaving Sae-in's house, Mong-a followed the sound of the waves.

'How could I not know?'

The group was shocked.

"I have never been down this road before. Even after living in this city for so long... ...

"Because it's such a memory."

Mona said.

"If you set the memory of living for 10 years as the cause, it really becomes the result of living for 10 years."

"You mean this is our first day?"

"I don't mean that. That time is meaningless. It is such a world, here."

Sein looked around.

"What happened?"

"It's all washed away, Ymir's mind. It is proof that Mr. Louver was desperate enough to restore the city."

A white sandy beach was visible between the buildings, with only steel frames remaining, and the blue sea beyond.

Hearing the sound of the waves made me feel relieved.

"yes?"

A boy was sitting in a state of collapse in front of the foaming waves.

"Shirone."

When I approached and looked at it, it was the face I had seen in my dream, but the eyes were drained of life.

"Oh Dae-sung, I brought my friends. Calm down. We have to go fight again." Mongah shook her head.

"Nothing. You have lost the will to act. Actually, it's not that I don't understand."

"Why?"

"I think I activated the dream barrier to withstand the water pressure on the mind of the abyss. The beach you see now is proof of that. It means out of the sea. In any case, I am not subject to psychic attacks here. Because that doesn't happen."

"What is that?"

"Are you satisfied with this reality? A combined dream is the merging of individual dreams into one. In other words, everyone's wishes are connected to create one world."

"Are you saying we wanted this situation?"

"This is the closest result. Miro realized it when the dream barrier was activated. That's why I erased all his memories. That image was embodied as a child."

"Why did you have to?"

"To avoid hurting Mr. Garold."

Mong-a raised her index finger.

"Dreams are the fulfillment of desires. If Mr. Miro were her saint, Mr. Old would have loved her even if he had suffered her pain. Of course, no one knows where it will bounce. She might be Mr. Sein's wife as everyone's desires are mixed."

Sein burst into laughter.

If Mong-ah's words are true, he is rejected by Miro even in his dreams.

'It's an iron wall.'

"That's why I erased my memory. The only world in which Mr. Autumn can be happy. Absolutely impossible in reality. Miro wanted that." "Honestly, there is no way out. The moment you leave this place, everyone is killed. Oh Dae-sung realized something, so I hoped for it, but it would be impossible in this state. Living here would not be a bad choice."

Gaold turned his head.

"Hurray! The sea, the sea!"

wow! wow!

A big smile appeared on Miro's face as he and Arius ran across the sandy beach.

there was.

Depth of the Abyss (4)

Gaold asked.

"Is there any chance that Miro will regain his memory?"

" there is."

Mong-ah looked back toward the beach.

Miro, who had taken Arius and approached Shirone, was saying something.

"If the loss of memory is embodied in the form of a child, it is a way to wait until she becomes an adult. I think it will probably take 30 years."

"30 years."

Gaold in a dream can wait as long as it wants.

'I don't know. What's right?' He said there was no way out anyway, so he had plenty of time to think.

"brother. brother."

Miro waved his hand in front of Shirone's eyes.

"Tell me. What are you doing? Is it that much fun watching the sea?"

Gaold and the others watched him.

"Oh Dae-seong... ... Mong-ah's face turned into sadness.

"I did a lot of things in real life. None of it was easy. He sacrificed everything and risked his life to fight for humanity."

Sein said.

"I'm not doing anything right now."

"Yes. Usually, the most earnest wishes come true within the barrier of dreams, but Yahweh's dreams are quite dry. It is proof that it was fierce in reality."

Mong-ah's shoulders drooped.

"Anyway, I'm sorry. It can be said that this is the 1.5th level in depth. If we went a little further, we could have driven Ymir. He had enough ability to do that."

The blow that Shirone gave to Leviathan in the second stage was also delivered to Mong-a.

'It's definitely beyond infinity. In a normal state, I might have been able to defeat Ymir.'

Of course, since this place was in Ymir's dream, it was impossible to say 100%.

"Eh.], doesn't say anything."

As Shirone kept her mouth shut, Miro sat down next to him.

Kang Nan asked after seeing Arius sniffing Shirone.

"Why are you a dog? You must have been a human in your dream."

"It blows reason. Good judgment. If the memory melts anyway, it's because of instinct. Maybe that dog has a hunch where this place is. Of course, I don't feel it in clear language like human thoughts."

While Miro was drawing on the sand, only the waves were crashing incessantly.

"??????there is."

Miro turned his head at the voice he heard next to him.

"Yes?"

"I'm waiting for you." When Shirone's mouth opened for the first time, Garold and the others hurriedly rushed there.

"Oh Dae-sung! Are you awake?"

Mong-ah asked, but silence continued.

"What are you waiting for?"

At Miro's question, Shirone pointed to the horizon over the endless sea.

"bouncer."

And maybe... ... .

"The most powerful thing in the world."

Mong-ah looked back toward the sea with shocked eyes.

"ah??????

Another unexpected variable is that the point is almost close to the end of the abyss.

"Ymir is coming."

the next morning.

Unlike the working-level workers who were busy from dawn, the officials came to work later than yesterday.

"Oh, it hurts me."

The schedules of each country were twisted after the change of people's location at the banquet hall.

Most of the countries held an emergency meeting to learn the full story of the incident at the banquet hall.

But also some heads of state enjoyed the feast Arachne provided.

'He killed me yesterday.'

The countries that did not attend would not know what kind of stories were exchanged at the place of enjoyment.

Countries were tense.

"Arachne seems to be focusing on Jive."

After listening to the attendant's report, Rufist drew an arrow on the relationship diagram on the blackboard.

"I heard that the banquet lasted until dawn. There must have been some kind of transaction. Starting today, sides will be split."

the albino asked.

"How have you been? Speaking of hospitality."

"I didn't go."

Lufist turned around.

"I was analyzing the incident at the banquet hall. However, some officials from Tormia attended. It is said that there was no special information exchange, but... ...

"VIP is different."

At Fleur's words, Lupist nodded.

"We have to send someone in some way to get their information. But more than that, securing allies comes first. There is a country that is currently trying to make contact."

Shirone asked.

"Where are you?"

"The South and the Moon Kingdom. The South has a lot of interest in Yahweh. On the other hand, the kingdom of Moon changed from hostility to favor. The events that happened last night must have had an impact."

Rufist pointed to the blackboard.

"But I can't win at this level. It is an alliance that can collapse at any time. The country that Tormia needs the most right now is Corona. The odds are pretty high."

Corona was under the management of the Ivory Tower, and Shirone was the supreme authority of the Ivory Tower.

"There are no tangents yet. It must mean that the factional fighting within the Ivory Tower is that serious."

"I arrived this morning."

Everyone turned their heads at Shirone's words.

"I will build a deal myself."

corona kingdom.

Even after the temple was opened, the army led by Baal, the commander of the 1st corps, did not reap the attack.

It was the mage's motto to submit to Satan if you wanted to live, but Corona wasn't weak either.

"Whoa."

The snow piled up on the plateau had a disgusting color as it was covered with the blood of demons and humans.

The man who wiped out 3,000 demons had a cold expression and long scars along his lips.

hooked hooked

Irregularly inserting a knife into the corpse's body to check whether it was alive or not, he cut off the demon's arm.

He sat on top of the corpse with his arm dripping with blood, biting at the flesh.

Following the soft chewing sound, he pressed his lips against the amputated surface and sucked blood.

It was a way to fill food and water at the same time.

"Great, good."

The man's name is Laska.

Minerva was a 3-star resident of the Human Security Enforcement Department in the Five Stars.

The stars of the Human Security Enforcement Department are all once famous criminals, except for Seongnoe.

He was an expert in war and murder, and a demon on the battlefield that even demons trembled.

"Captain."

Laska's satellite staff walked through knee-deep snow.

"My sister is returning to the camp. you stayed long Food is also low."

My sister was none other than Minerva.

"It's food."

Laska, who was chewing on flesh, held out the demon's severed arm.

" Want some?"

Staff, who was watching it closely, smirked and scratched his beard.

"That's Okay. That's what the captain said."

"... ... You are not normal either."

When I went down the mountain by space movement, the soldiers of Corona Kingdom were engaged in a local war.

Minerva shouted.

"you idiot! Where the hell have you been?"

"I tracked down the remnants. What is all this?"

Minerva's jet spread out at a tremendous speed and pierced the bodies of the demons.

"Don't you see? Baal began to put pressure on the ivory tower. I won't last more than three days."

The number of demons far exceeded that of the human army, even if it was the 1st corps.

Laska said.

"Don't do that, be reconciled. What is this? Fighting together with the Ministry of Law is worth it, right?"

"I called for that." Minerva nodded and pointed backwards.

"Go see. Shirone is here."

"Are you Daesung Oh?"

Upon entering the barracks, Shirone was sitting there.

"Are you here, Oh Dae-sung?"

Of course, all the stars respected Shirone, but Laska's greeting was condescending.

"Yes. I want to meet Taesung. If Minerva were Mr. Laska, they said he could do it."

'This older sister is really... ... !'

Of course, with his ability, it would be possible, but he had to risk his life with a high probability.

'Somehow I got caught by a woman like that.'

Laska sighed and said.

"It is quite difficult to meet Tae-seong right now. They are imprisoned in the law."

"Incarceration?"

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Who? No, how can Taeseong be imprisoned?"

"It's Thing."

Laska's expression crumpled.

"Yinji and yangji, the power of the two added together is, well, invincible. Because it covers everything."

'Taeseong is trapped.'

This was the reason for the tight balance of factions.

"Let's do it anyway. I just thought that the answer wouldn't come out anyway. Oh Dae-sung, please solve it."

Laska took Shirone to the Ivory Tower.

Because it was in a state of war, it had to use a different magic circle than before, and the security was also tight.

'The atmosphere isn't good.'

The evidence was that the officials of Corona, who always greeted with a smile, were just noticing.

Upon arriving at the 230th floor of the Ivory Tower, there was an iron door with all kinds of magic circuits working.

"Is Taeseong here?"

"Yes. As you can see, it's a self-destruct circuit. If you try to break it by force, Taeseong will be in danger."

Shirone frowned.

'Thing. Although he has a determined personality, he is not cruel. Why do you show such hostility toward Taeseong?'

When Miracle Stream was activated, Laska stopped.

"Stop it. The moment Hexa's ability reaches the end, it's over. I have no choice but to cancel the magic circuit inside."

Laska drew in a deep breath.

'A thief's extreme, submerged.'

With an ability that once robbed numerous safes around the world, he becomes immaterial while holding his breath.

'It's nice.'

Laska, clouded like smoke, walked toward the iron gate with her mouth wide open.

Like a lie, his figure went inside, and after a while the circuit disappeared.

"Big."

When the door opened, I saw Laska sitting down with smoke billowing from her body.

" it's okay?"

"All right. Even if it's non-material, it's just that it doesn't touch the self-destruct circuit. The impact on the mind is considerable."

His mind was torn to shreds, and he seemed unable to move for a while.

"Taesung."

After passing Laska, Shirone went to Taeseong, who was sitting neatly at the end of the room.

"You're here at last."

She smiled sadly, but at the same time there was a welcome light in her eyes.

"What happened? Singh imprisoned Tae-seong. This is a farce."

"To explain... ...

Then a cold voice was heard.

"Stop it, Shirone."

When I looked back, Singh was guarding the door with Yin and Yin.

Shirone sighed coldly.

"Thing, what is this?"

"You really don't do anything stupid. all for you I am doing this for humanity."

"How could imprisoning Taeseong be for the sake of humanity? Until now, the Ivory Tower has protected humanity in countless crises. Taeseong is at the center of it."

"Things are different from then."

Sing looked at Taeseong.

"When the outside world opens, Argones is activated. And Taeseong is a manager of the same stature as Argones. she really... ... Do you think I can protect you until the end?" When Shirone did not answer, Sing asked Taeseong.

"Taesung, let's talk about it yourself. Will you still side with humanity after the Argones are activated?"

Taeseong had no hesitation.

"Yes. I am the incarnation of the planet and the mother of mankind. I will protect humanity until the end."

"lie."

Thing said.

"I don't trust anyone. The only entity in this world is me. All other beings are just illusions. So, Taeseong, you are the same."

"Thing, I know your philosophy. But you are wrong. You are wrong."

"If you're going to lie to the end... ...

As Singh held out her hand, Yin and Yang Zhi pushed her with the law of yin and yang.

The entire Ivory Tower was shaking, but Shirone blocked it by smoking a Miracle Stream.

"stop. Don't do anything you'll regret." Ting shouted.

"you idiot! Why don't you know! Can't you see how dangerous your judgment is now?"

Shirone's expression did not waver, and in the end, Singh also decided to use force.

"Forgive me."

Woo woo woo!

At that moment, a roar erupted from under the ivory tower, and Araka from the Ministry of Internal Affairs came running.

"It's a big deal!"

Taeseong asked.

"Araka, what's going on?"

"Baal! Baal led the army of hell and entered it. up to the 12th floor

Raon status."

Laska, exhausted, puffed up her bangs.

'Because I knew it would end like this.'

Peer identification (1)

Baal, commander of the 1st Corps.

He was a different being from other corps commanders just by having a planet-destroying Pandemonium.

'This is serious.'

Above all, it was incomprehensible that the Ivory Tower, where mankind's strongest wizards gathered, could be easily penetrated.

Shirone realized from Singh's calm expression.

"... ... Didn't you intentionally stop it?"

"You brought it upon yourself."

Thing said.

"You shouldn't have come here. It would be better if the ivory tower disappears than to give Taeseong freedom."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Why are you doing this? You've saved humanity from countless crises so far. Why?"

"There was a time when Taeseong's strength was needed. It's different now. When the outside world opens, Cell Buster is activated. And Taeseong will be the vanguard of that destruction."

"it's not like that."

"Trust me, Shirone. Managers are not human. They have no heart. It is because of such a program that has kept humanity up until now."

"Even if it is a program, they have a will. He has affection for the world he has created."

"It's just that it was decided."

Thing said.

"Everything other than me is an illusion. The only entity in this world is me. My parents, my friends, and everyone I've met are just programs."

"I am not a program."

"Maybe. But how do I prove it?"

"I am not crazy. There is too much responsibility on our shoulders to decide anything to the extent that it probably will."

Thing pointed to Shirone.

"How you define managers will change the future of mankind. The stars that follow me believe in the fact that you couldn't prove it. Conversely, the stars following you simply believe in you. It is extremely emotional."

"it's not like that."

Shirone shook her head.

"Just because you couldn't prove it doesn't mean it's a lie. Rather, it is close to the truth in the circumstances. If it's close to the truth, it's much more efficient to believe that and plan something."

"Even though that trust could lead to the destruction of mankind? Calm down, Shirone. Even if you make a hundred concessions and there is truth in what you say, isn't Taeseong clearly a manager? i will help you It removes the threat so you can track the outside world."

The ivory tower shook greatly.

"Go, Shirone."

As Baal broke through the 70th floor, Taeseong said.

"We must prevent the ivory tower from being destroyed. You are the only one fighting now."

Thing said.

"Leave the ivory tower, Shirone. you can't go down The stars will block you."

As soon as the words were finished, Yin and Yang Ji raised their hands at the same time, demonstrating the harmony of Yin and Yang.

'A tremendous law.'

Thing's perseverance is the strongest in the ivory tower.

However, the one she was trying to restrain was not Shirone, but Taeseong from behind.

'Even in the midst of countless human crises, there is no record of the negative and the positive.'

Why did Thing hide them?

'To fight the manager.'

If her tenacity was so strong, it would be too much to convince him by talking right away.

'Taeseong.'

Shirone looked around briefly at Taeseong, who was bound by the law of yin and yang, and opened her mouth.

"Hold on for a little while. I will come back to get you."

Taeseong nodded, and Shirone's gaze turned to the door behind Singh's back.

"You will regret it."

Before she could finish her words, Shirone was already walking past Me Thing.

A day after the opening of the crusade, a rough alliance began to form.

In the midst of heated discussions among the leaders of each country, a phenomenon in which Dofia and Fia were distinguished took place.

'Jive, Iron, Arachne. It's an alliance.'

It was the 3 countries that held the banquet last night, and they were also convinced through Omega.

'The countries that spread the moderate policy are not. But if you look inside the story... ...

All monsters of greed.

"I'll take a break for an hour."

At lunchtime, the leaders of each country left one by one according to the alliance structure.

"Let's go. Jive will treat you."

Gis, the King of Jive, took Iron and Arachne's royal family to the restaurant.

A girl came running from the end of the hallway as Shirone watched.

"Dad!"

"Oh, my princess."

It was Rebecca, Geese's daughter.

He looked about thirteen years old, and was adorned with jewels inappropriate for his age.

"This is our daughter."

Praise from the royal family followed.

"Your beauty is already out of the ordinary. Hey, it's because there are many beauties in Jive."

"haha! It's because she resembles her mother. I'm worried as her father because I'm immature, trusting only her face."

"Dad!"

Rebecca shouted, and the royals laughed.

'Hey, I can't even score 70.'

Rebecca's eyes widened as Marcus, Prince of Iron, judged the thirteen-year-old.

"yes?"

I saw Shirone at the end of the hallway.

"Yahweh?????

Shirone lowered her head slightly, and she smiled and waved.

"Rebecca."

Sensing her father's voice to live, she lowered her hand.

'Oops.'

Geese was a man who could kill even his daughter if anyone interfered with his ambitions.

Of course, Rebecca had no complaints.

There were so many things she could enjoy if she accepted that one restriction.

Watching the royal family walk away, Shirone thought.

'Why did you wave at me?'

Rebecca, the princess of Jive, is known to have a nasty and extravagant personality.

'Where did you see it?'

At first glance, it seemed familiar, but upon closer inspection, there was no matching character.

"ah."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Death Princess?" The meal prepared by the Jive Kingdom was secretly conducted under strict security.

The royals sitting at the long table tasted delicacies from the mountain, and Rebecca was also in the last seat.

'Bored.'

She remembered Shirone.

'It's really high gear and looks exactly like it. Ha ha, it was really fun back then. Did he recognize me?'

In order to hide his identity, he changed his hair color and other various changes, but deep down he was looking forward to it.

"I have no appetite at all."

Basak of the Iron Kingdom said.

"Eating every day is hard work. No matter what you eat, eat there, and at times like this, the common people are envious. ha ha ha!"

Geese chimed in.

"That is a big problem for people like us. Eating delicious food gives me strength and running the country. So, I developed a new dish."

"A new dish?"

Geese clapped.

The door on the opposite side of the entrance was opened, and five naked children were dragged out with their collars tied.

My skin and bones were in contact with how starved I was, and my pupils were loose due to lack of strength.

"Ahhh... ...

In that state, when he smelled the food, his whole body trembled as if he had been struck by lightning.

"Something to eat! eat... ... Kuck!"

They crawled, struggling on their limbs, exhaling heavily as they were caught on a leash.

The muscular man restrained the children at a distance where they would not reach the table.

Gys smiled and asked while Iron and Arachne's royal family blankly watched.

"Don't you have a bit of an appetite now?"

maybe it's a shame

However, at last night's banquet, their bond, which had already shared the end of the fall, was strong.

said Marcus.

"Oh, indeed. Are you getting an appetite?"

As the meal resumed, the children on leashes struggled with their arms toward the table.

"Eat... ... Give me something to eat."

"The steak tastes very good. Now, Bonnie, King Jive's cooking skills are outstanding."

"haha! It is overrated."

Everyone enjoyed the place, but Rebecca frowned at the children's faces.

'Uh, if you're going to do it, wash up and bring it out. Anyway, I really like dirty things.'

She was the one who had watched Gis get drunk and greedy for pleasure since she was a child.

The royal family, who had been sifting through food quickly with their appetite after a long time, spoke before swallowing what was in their mouth.

"Anyway, it sucks. Harvits, it sucks. It's quiet."

"What are you going to do in the temple? villainy? It's all fake. There are things people can't do to make a living."

Geese agreed, waving his fork.

"Exactly. Who knows if I didn't kill people when I was younger. The things that are definitely lacking take form with those things. If he is Satan, then I am the father of Satan."

"Puhahaha! That's a saying!" As the royals burst into laughter, Harvits also had his jaw wide open.

"Some people die unjustly while planning big things, huh? You're under a lot of stress again, huh? It's just that it can be attacked by instinct. Why, we are men."

"Beast, beast. Kuck."

"Yes, beast! How can we run a country without such grandiosity? People don't know that."

Rebecca wasn't offended.

'Say the same thing again, say the same thing again. They fed the whole country. I hope the auction opens soon.'

When it's obviously not their business, humans don't care.

"I really enjoyed the meal."

Havitz set the dishes down on the plate, wiped his lips with a napkin, and stood up.

"Eat... ... . something to eat... ...

After watching the starving children for a while, Havits threw food off the table to the floor.

"ah! iced coffee!"

Harvits squatted down and asked while he was chewing meat voraciously.

"Is it delicious?"

A child raised his face with a surprised expression.

But there was no one in front of him.

It can be said to be quite pure in that it heard the sound of the moment, but that's all.

"Grandpa Satan."

Havitz, who soon lost interest, walked up to Gis in the seat of honor and grabbed his wrist.

"Anyway, please help me. The word "leadership" means "leadership," doesn't it mean that we should all become one?"

Geith's arm bent, and the knife in his hand approached as if stabbing him in the eye.

"Hmm."

Normally, I would have gouged out my eyes.

'It sucks.'

However, it was premature to touch the king because he still had a deal with Uorin.

"I'm bored. Anything fun?"

Havitz moved around the table and took a seat next to Rebecca.

'Shall we try Shironena? Dad would love it too. I'll buy some hallucinogens later.'

Hearing the sound of his heart, Habitz shook his head.

"It's all the same. anywhere."

He put his legs on the table with a bang and muttered as he pushed back the chair.

"Isn't there something different?"

Special sounds to entertain yourself.

Wizard said.

"I see it over there."

At the end of the horizon she pointed to, the capital of Jive stood in majestic majesty.

"Simultaneous events cannot happen in the same space. I'll disappear from here, see you in Delta."

Amy and Shirone held hands.

"yes. Don't worry, I'll safely infiltrate the wizard into the delta. Because this Kael is there too."

The Wizard, who had been watching the sorrowful appearance, lowered his head sullenly.

'this child?... "

While Ikael was observing him, Shirone put her hand on Wizard's shoulder.

"There is no need to feel pressured. In case of an emergency, I will be there. can

I guess?"

Killing Harvits.

"Yes."

Vitality returned to the Wizard's eyes.

'I won't disappoint you.'

Shirone canceled the simultaneous incident, and Amy looked back at the wizard and held out her hand.

"Now, shall we depart?" After hesitating for a moment, the wizard took her hand and moved her steps as if he couldn't do anything about it.

'Even Master couldn't kill Satan. but i can Just kill Havitz. then maybe

Peer identification (2)

Ikael guessed.

'It must be disappointing.'

To Wizard, Shirone was her only teacher and a support she could rely on.

'It's been 7 years since I experienced the world. However, their abilities as biological entities are super first-class.'

love nonetheless

Although he had no desire for the Eucharist, it must have been a pure and blind heart.

'Shirone can give what parents cannot give. This kind of situation will happen naturally.'

It was something a normal kid could just laugh at.

But wizards sooner or later have to get their hands dirty with the blood of the most evil Satan in the world.

'I hope there is no change in emotions. The moment I kill Havitz, I hope he is in a pure state.'

like a machine.

'If you fight for someone, if you have no choice but to kill for a month, if such an accident permeates... ...

variables arise.

'There's no way Shirone doesn't know this. That's why I took it even though I knew it.'

Shirone could have turned Wizard into a weapon only to kill Satan.

'But it wasn't cruel. I couldn't ruin a child's life.'

It was Yahweh's greatest weakness.

'I have to help.'

Ruling heaven as an archangel, she understood the cost of perseverance.

'It's not something I can do alone. sometimes... ... There are times when you have to be cruel.'

Maybe Guffin will be angry.

'sorry.'

I didn't want to see my son embracing the pain of humanity any longer.

In the awkward atmosphere heading to Jive, Wizard suddenly raised his head.

"If Satan dies, will there be peace in the world?"

Her gaze turned to Amy.

"Well, of course not. It is because of Satan that this world has become so turbid."

Ikael listened intently.

"But even before Satan came, the world was turbid. I heard you fought a lot."

"You heard from Shirone."

Amy knew what the Wizard wanted to say.

"Yes. Satan is created by the human mind. They said that even if we kill Satan right now, the world will not change unless we achieve an integrated mental system."

It was Yahweh's philosophy.

"Maybe. But we're doing what we can. Wizard, you will be the beginning."

The Wizard let go of Amy's hand.

"If we kill Satan and bring peace to the world, will you marry Shirone?"

"That's something you don't know. I love Shirone, but marriage is in the distant future."

"Can I?"

"yes?"

Wizard wrinkled his brow.

"If you love me, you want to be with me forever. I think her older sister is full of her confidence."

Amy couldn't explain the trust she had over so many battlefields with Shirone.

"You will know when you grow up."

"well. Time is tight for that. Because I have to kill Satan to have a future."

Feeling that the Wizard's words had bones, Amy looked back and said something surprising.

"If I kill Satan, if the mission is successful, can you promise me? I will not marry my brother until I grow up." Amy also had her childhood.

He also did some outrageous things to seek love from his individualistic family members.

'Shirone is probably the only one. It could be the conviction that there is no one better.'

With no answer, the Wizard opened his mouth again.

"It was just because I was curious about her thoughts. Don't bother too much. Mind is... ...

"Wizard."

When Amy stopped walking and squatted down, the wizard secretly averted her gaze.

"I know what a great responsibility you are taking on. My feelings for Shirone. I will do anything I can to help you fight for humanity."

The child's lips were weeping.

"If Satan disappears from the world, I will not marry Shirone until you grow up."

Rain fell in the wizard's heart.

'It's not like that.'

Even though I knew there was no way for everyone to be happy, I just dreamed.

As Wizard burst into tears, Amy smiled.

"Us??????

At that moment, the triangular Mara Ashur appeared next to Ikael and drew his sword.

"Avoid!"

Before he could finish his words, Ikael jumped.

Aaaaaang!

A tremendous shock was applied to the land at a distance of 23 km from the delta.

Ikael and his party reappeared around the lava flowing crater.

Amy looked at the Wizard.

" It's fine?"

The eyes of the child, who suddenly changed into battle mode, were aiming at the gigantic archangel.

"Who are you?"

Amy looked in the same direction.

"Uriel"

The Archangel of Destruction, Uriel, rose with a magnificent vibration.

"Ikael, how long did you think you could avoid me?" Ikael had a hunch.

'You've finished your resolution.'

Also, this was a situation she did not want to face more than anything else.

Ashur bowed his head.

"sorry. I blocked all signals where the location was exposed, but because the range was narrowed... ...

No matter what kind of deception he used, it was certain that Ikael would come to Jive.

"No. I am also responsible. I couldn't respond to his approach."

The fact that he penetrated even the middle of the senses was what showed Uriel's strength.

"Please take the wizard with you. I will stop here."

"Haona... ...

Ashur hesitated.

'Can I really win? Uriel has never seriously challenged Ikael-nim.'

Even if he didn't show it, it was Uriel who respected Ikael more than any other angel.

'Ikael, the source of all concepts, becomes a force with just his existence.'

It's not just Ymir's strength.

'No child overpowers his parents just because he is stronger. It is also a kind of powerlessness. To Uriel, Ikael was such a being, but now the Archangel of Destruction was about to break the bondage of the source and reveal his power.

Ikael said.

"... ... These are the wounds I gave you. I need to talk to Uriel. Please follow me."

Ashur lowered his head and incarnated next to the Wizard through the power of Signal.

"Let's go. I will move to Jive."

Now that the stealth signal is broken, Satiel will also find out Ikael's location sooner or later.

Amy stood up.

"I think we should have one more person left." Ashur raised her head, Mara in her gi strode toward her.

Uriel's twin Mara Aruta.

The reason for existence is only the understanding of martial arts, and the realm far exceeds that of humans.

Aruta said.

"Uriel-sama wants to meet Ikael alone. Anyone who gets in the way will be punished."

"Wizard, go." Amy said, but the Wizard shook his head.

"No, I will. I am confident."

"You can't win. go."

Of course, Wizard is strong, but all training was conducted with Havitz assuming.

'Even if you have talent beyond experience, you picked the wrong opponent this time. This guy is strong.'

If you ask what kind of strength it is, I can't answer.

However, if someone were to train only one thing over tens of thousands of years, it would be this kind of energy.

'There shouldn't be even a 1 percent chance that the wizard will be unable to carry out its mission.'

Wizard insisted.

"I can win. If you're just struggling with a guy like this, even Satan won't be able to kill you."

"Don't be cocky."

The reason Wizard is unique is that only she can destroy Vanishing.

"You are still far away. Go get Satan."

"At least I... ... !"

The moment the Wizard was about to shout, Amy glared at her with red eyes burning.

"Go!"

Wizard's shoulders twitched.

Thunder thundered in her heart, and before she had time to speak, Ashur activated the signal.

"Be careful."

After the wizard disappeared after the last words, Amy exhaled and said,

"Don't even think about chasing me."

"Don't be mistaken. It's just according to Uriel-sama's decision, I won't do anything cowardly."

"yes?"

Amy snorted.

"The subject who deliberately took advantage of Shirone's absence to speak grandiosely. Were you so afraid of Yahweh?"

Aruta's muscles twitched.

"I repeat... ...

Uriel said he had something to say to Ikael, but it was more miserable to explain.

Aruta, who stopped talking, lowered her stance and brought the right regime to her side.

"I'll finish it in an instant."

At that moment, his temperament changed dramatically.

'That's it.'

It seemed that all the logic needed to subdue the opponent with fists was concentrated into one point.

'One hit kills.'

The moment you fail, the level will collapse, but it was the confidence that you will never fail.

'I don't like it.'

The key to maximizing Hongan's ability was whether or not he could avoid the blow from the second round onwards.

"You don't look good. Are you afraid?"

Amy raised an eyebrow at Aruta's words.

"No way."

Flames burned up the air from her body, which contained the energy of invincibility.

"Come on."

The battle ended with avoiding the attack and counterattacking, and Aruta knew it.

'It's unique.'

Amy's fiery temperament followed Mother Nature's providence.

In the middle of the confrontation with one of the simplest strategies in mind.

"Uriel."

Ikael said to Uriel as he climbed above the crater.

"I know I don't deserve it. But Satiel will destroy humanity. She is not in a state of sound judgment right now."

"I know."

Uriel, who landed on the ground, approached Ikael closely.

"Isn't that what you wanted? I gave up angels and heaven for the one person I love."

"I didn't give up. only... ...

Before he could finish his words, Uriel's fist hit Ikael's face with a full blow.

There was a roar, and the ground split in a V shape along the way Ikael flew.

Looking at the radially open landscape, Uriel slammed the ground hard.

Ikael was sitting at his feet, which arrived before the thumping sound waves.

"I could have killed you."

even a little while ago.

"I've thought about it countless times since you left. Do you really need to destroy it? You, the source of all angels..."

"Looks like you've made your decision."

Ikael still had some strength left, but he fell and did not move.

'Uriel can destroy everything.'

The reason he was able to control it is because Ikael is the cause of all angelic concepts.

'It must feel like self-injury.'

It was a blow with a different weight than fighting against each other.

Also, that must have been the mindset of truly wanting to kill someone.

"Get up. Let's have a good fight. Seeking sympathy in this way will not change my opinion."

"What do you want?"

The moment the two collided, the world would shake, but the outcome would not change.

'I can't perish yet. At least after Shirone spreads her will... ...

Ikael raised his head.

"If you ask for an apology, I will. Anything more than that, I'll do as you please. Give me some time. I still have work to do here."

"It just destroys."

Uriel slowly raised his feet.

"I've already thought enough to get tired of it. The most accidents since I was born..."

His expression was as cold as metal as he stared straight into Ikael's gaze.

"Let's finish."

The Judicial Halo Ragnarok was activated, and his foot flew into Ikael's face.

Woo woo woo!

Just by stopping in front of her nose, all the scenery behind her was blown away.

If he showed any sign of fear even for a moment, he would have blown his face off.

The eyes that look at you without a single doubt, that expression, that figure, that dignity.

'Kariel.'

like a mother

'You're the first to be understood.'

Uriel was in conflict again in front of another weapon that only Ikael possessed.

Peer identification (3)

After lunch, Shirone walked through the corridors of the Delta Headquarters and was lost in thought.

'I'm a bit uneasy.'

I don't doubt the abilities of Ikael and Ashur, but the future of mankind depended on it.

'I have no choice but to trust you. Now I have to come up with a full-fledged strategy with Tormia.'

Just as they were expecting the wizard to arrive, Satiel approached from the end of the hallway.

"Shirone."

It was awkward.

"Where is Ikael?"

Shirone kept her mouth shut, but Satiel guessed that there would be no answer.

"You know that. Ikael and I have a problem to solve. If you tell me where Ikael is, I won't lay a hand on you. I might be able to help."

"Why?"

Shirone asked.

"Still, even if it's just a bit of affection for me

Is it because it remains? Or is it because you've already killed him once?" Satiel's eyes lit up.

"It's fine whatever you say. Because I don't regret my decision. If I had to go back, I would do the same."

"I know, I couldn't help it." Her expression didn't change, but she couldn't stop the sexual glow from shaking.

"The only archangel who stood on the side of the Gaians. Your sense of betrayal when Guffin chooses Ikael... ...

"What do you want to say?"

"Because there is no turning back, one mistake ruins everything. But now I can turn it around. I am alive right now."

"I can't turn back. Even so, it doesn't change the fact that I drove you to death."

"I will not resent you."

Satiel bit her lip.

"So you can't start all over again? The death of her child must have been a great pain for this Kael, but now she has me by her side. It can be reversed."

The air vibrated.

Satiel's vibration was a pious yet supernatural sound wave.

'Can you turn it back?' I'd be lying if I said I wasn't shaken by Shirone's words, but I've come too far.

'The way back must be that long.' She was exhausted, and what moved her now was her will, which even her rage had petrified and hardened like her mission.

'Guffin.'

if you can get it back

'Even so, Guffin won't come back. she took it all Ikael took everything from me.'

Shirone called with force.

"Sathiel."

The voice permeated the planet as loud as thunder, and Satiel wrinkled her brow.

"What about me... ...

At that moment, a double Mara Gallio appeared next to Satiel.

"I found Ikael!"

His eyes, which had an extreme-grade decomposition eye, were spinning like a whirlpool.

"You found it?"

Even as Satiel hurriedly looked back at him, Shirone did not understand the situation.

'how?'

The fact that Galio captured the location meant that Ashur's signal was broken.

"Ikael!"

The miasma rose again in Satiel's expression, and without a moment to stop, he broke the window and flew away.

'Simultaneous events... ...

Shirone, who used Amy's perception to go there, bit her lip.

"Kuk!"

Signals were colliding due to the nature of two people being unable to exist in the same space.

"Blitz!"

At the same time as he shouted, the Thunder Dragon Blitz knelt in front of him with a thunderbolt.

"Did you call, Messiah?"

"Right Now... ...

As Shirone was about to give instructions, he saw hundreds of flashes shooting out of the window.

They were flat angels.

"Follow."

At the same time Shirone threw herself out of the window, the 12 apostles followed.

Aruta and Amy did not move, but they had already competed in numerous sums.

'come.'

The virtual Aruta gave up the regime, and Amy twisted and tried to counterattack.

'failure.'

Amy's head exploded.

In thousands of simulations, she successfully counterattacked 0 times.

'I can't win.'

Of course, Uriel's two-legged Mara would not be weak, but his blows exceeded the scope of Mara.

'Die.'

I hurriedly grabbed the energy that was about to be disturbed.

The reason Aruta can't attack is because Amy still has the possibility of a counterattack.

'The moment it shakes, it's the end.'

A tight balance with no margin of error like dust was the only way to prolong her life.

'I can't avoid the blow by any means. It's such a strong aura that I'm sure of it.'

Cold sweat dripped down.

"Huh."

Time was passing even while I was barely suppressing my tears.

In the midst of such weakening energy, Aruta found a gap in Amy.

'It came out.'

The insight that came from the understanding of nothingness acquired throughout his life led to his body.

'This is the end.'

As Aruta rushed to the ground, Amy felt her consciousness fade away.

"ah??????

My head went pale and empty, and an unavoidable blow came right in front of my eyes.

Because he had no thoughts, even if he died like this, he wouldn't even be able to think of the word death.

'so that... ...

It was no different from being already dead, and Aruta's blow had that meaning in it.

At the boundary of the ball where the world is reduced to nothingness, Amy heard a voice that did not belong to her.

Mahavanya.

It was a Buddhist sutra that Nane memorized next to her when she first opened the hwagye and lost consciousness.

The consciousness opened and the red eyes lit up.

'Immortal function.'

In a state where she even forgot her own existence, she became a fire in her natural state.

Aruta's fist reached right in front of him, but distance no longer mattered.

'Fire.'

The flame of the red flame wrapped around Aruta's arm and entered his mouth and burned his intestines.

"Big!"

Before he could even feel the pain, his body evaporated and a huge whirlpool of fire was lit in its place.

'Aaaaa!'

Amy was moved to tears.

'It must have been like this.'

Shirone's heart was understood, and the meaning Nane wanted to convey was perfectly understood.

'Burn everything.'

The flame that devastated the huge radius disappeared as it spread like an explosion.

In the center of it, a beautiful female body with her whole body turned into fire was gently closing her eyes.

Aware of Aruta's disappearance, Uriel slowly lowered the foot that was aiming at Ikael.

"Get up." Since he hadn't reaped his murderous intentions, Kael stood up with a cautious movement.

"I thought I had thought about it beyond my imagination... ... It seems I was mistaken."

"Uriel, that is the heart."

Ikael said.

"Thoughts are just thoughts. All angels think according to the laws of the universe. But you didn't follow Satiel."

It was the reason Ikael had hoped for.

"Because I have a heart. You can change things with your will. Isn't that why you came to me?"

"yes. to annihilate you."

"That anger is also heart. But you're hesitating. That's why I couldn't throw my heart out."

Guffin taught me.

"When you can throw everything, you will find your way. Until then, feel..."

A booming sound was heard in the sky.

"Ikael!"

Satiel, who had flown in with countless angels, was falling at a terrifying speed.

"kill!"

She jumped out at the same time as she landed, and when she raised her fist, Uriel took out the Geon of Paradise.

"what... ...

In an unexpected situation, Satiel applied the brakes, but his fists were stuck in paradise.

A roar exploded, and a powerful shock wave centered on the two angels swept the ground.

Satiel's eyes widened.

"What are you doing?"

"... ... Ikael was talking to me."

"So what are you doing? Now the archangel is me. If you do not obey my orders, I will consider you a traitor too." Uriel looked up at the sky.

Hundreds of ordinary angels were preparing to bombard by activating their judicial halos.

He looked back and said.

"Anyway."

"this... ...

As Satiel unleashed his judicial halo, Uriel's asteroid also spread into a ring of light.

As the light rotated between the two people facing each other, another powerful shockwave spread.

Satiel flew away, and Uriel cast Ragnarok wielding the scepter of paradise.

"Is this the only way to clear your intuition?" Even at the moment when the thunderbolt exploded, Satiel gave the order without thinking about stopping it.

"Kill Ikael!"

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

A white bolt of lightning surged above Satiel's head, and hundreds of angels bombarded the ground.

The battle of angels unfolded.

The ground shook due to the collision of concepts and concepts far higher than humans or Mara.

The 12 apostles, who were flying in the sky at breakneck speed, shouted at Shirone in the lead.

"Messiah!"

"yes."

Seeing it with her own eyes, Shirone frowned.

The battlefield of the angels resembled a disaster that could happen somewhere in the universe.

"I will take it. Check the wizard's life and death. And if possible... ...

Ikael and Amy too.

"All right."

Blitz, who understood the will of the Messiah, bowed his head, and the remaining apostles scattered in all directions.

Meanwhile, Ikael is surrounded by hundreds of angels and fends off an attack.

"Respected Ikael."

Even if he is not the archangel, the fact that Ikael is the source of all angels has not changed.

"Why have you forsaken us?" Form Angelica El used her infinite hexahedron to bind her feet.

The binding force containing the concept of cowardice is so strong that no physical force can solve it.

"Proof."

Her body that opened Ataraxia was a concept that would surely transcend certain limits.

Breaking the shackles, she stepped forward and stretched out her slender arms. Her fists stopped in front of Jariel, and angels rushed from all sides.

said Jariel.

"Take it."

Ikael's heart was torn when he saw his asteroid that was prepared for extinction.

'Those who have lost their source.'

From the appearance of the angels rushing towards him with the eyes of the emptiness and emptiness.

'It's because of me.'

Ikael hesitated.

'No, it shouldn't be like this. It's something I've already promised. I will fight for Shirone.'

The thought was fleeting, but the attacks of the angels pressed her much faster than that.

Shirone galloped at a speed close to the speed of light.

"Ikael!"

As if time had stopped, a single spark rose from the frozen landscape.

' what?'

At the same time as realizing it, Amy's crimson eyes, which had arrived in front of Ikael, burned red.

'Jonathan.'

A sphere of fire as huge as the sun was born, taking over the entire radius of the angels.

"Keugh!"

Covering her face with the Hand of God, Shirone made an expression of exhaustion from the tremendous heat.

"Amy?"

The form of the flame was definitely Amy, but it was on a different level from what he knew.

'It's not a phenomenal fire. This is it.'

Dealing with fire signs freely means that she also mastered incarnation. I? re? =

The sphere of fire disappeared, and Amy, who regained her human form, looked back at Ikael.

"it's okay?" Ikael, unable to answer, looked blankly around the room.

"Big uh..."

Numerous plain angels caught in the fire were sitting on the ground with their wings of light melted.

Peer identification (4)

After having a meal with Iron and the royal family of Arachne, Gis received a report from his room.

"Angels out of Delta?"

"Yes. Ignoring even the nonsense that Satiel had made with Jive, he led his forces and set off."

"Hmm, that proud angel?"

As for demons, a contract to an angel is far more powerful than humans think.

"Yes. And... ...

The aide hesitated and said.

"Shirone seems to have followed suit. Seismic waves were also captured at the Jive border point."

The situation was sketched out roughly.

"Looks like Ikael or something. pass in moderation If you go after each and every one, there is no one to work with."

"I think the word will come out from another country."

"It didn't happen in the temple, so drive that way. It's stupid."

"All right. And... ...

The aide pulled out a newspaper.

Jive As a daily newspaper published nationwide, it had a great influence domestically.

"A tracking article appeared. It seems that information about last night's banquet has been leaked."

"what?"

Geese, who had changed into a new suit, snatched the newspaper from buttoning up.

Under the title, "Accusing corruption in the temple," I saw the signature of a reporter named Maykele.

"Is this guy again?"

"He is a brilliant graduate of the Royal Political School. I have been writing articles critical of the royal family for a long time."

"It's been bothering me for so long. Arachne guys, have you been so lax? This is why you shouldn't play with cheap ones."

"What should I do?"

"Try coaxing with money, and if that doesn't work, coax with bigger money. What is that, didn't you say your son was sick?"

"I am hospitalized with a congenital heart defect. He said he had been receiving treatment at the hospital for two years already."

"How is it?"

"I hear you are improving quite a bit." Geese, who was fastening the last button, stopped her big hand and turned her head.

"Hey, aide."

"Yes, Your Highness."

"Do you have children too?"

Of course, when I asked what he knew, the assistant officer answered with a puzzled expression.

"Yes. Her first daughter is going to school soon. She is the second. She is four years old this year."

"What if, how would you feel if your son had such a disease?"

"You must feel bad. Maybe it feels like your heart is being ripped out?"

Geese's eyes tightened, and he turned his arm with all his might and slapped his cheek.

The aide fell on his side, and Geese's foot landed on his stomach.

"A guy who knows that handles things like this'?"

"sorry!"

"When a child is sick, parents' hearts are torn or not? will it tear? Then what should you do?"

Geese's feet flew into the side of the crouching aide.

"You don't have to mess with the kid any more! Kill me half! Whether you bribe the doctor or strangle him, don't you think you'll have to catch your breath!"

Geese hit the aide with the nameplate on the desk where Harvitz was sitting.

"Is your head full of poop? Your head isn't spinning like that? Go right now and overturn everything!"

"Forgive me!"

Although beaten until bleeding, the aide could not bear to say that he would do it.

'How can a person do such a thing.'

While living as a politician, he committed numerous corruptions, but there was a line that could not be crossed.

'As the aide dutifully endured the child who suffered from high fever every day, and the child who could not breathe without medicine, Geese

I lowered my nameplate and gasped for breath.

'Look at this bastard?'

It seemed like he was going to get hit a few times.

"Hey, wake up."

"Yes Yes!"

Even in a state of confusion, the aide jumped to his feet and dusted his clothes.

"Hey, are you going to do politics with that? Are you going to live here only wiping my back for the rest of my life? Is that all a man can do?"

"no."

"I am the one who donates to the foundation. Do you know how many patients I saved? Do you think that small conscience of yours will help this society?" The aide bit his lip.

"The state takes care of the children to use it at times like this. Are you smart? Why do you keep projecting your life onto other people's children?"

Geese put his hand on the assistant's shoulder.

"Or what? Do you really have to see your child hurt that much to know what reality is?"

The assistant officer's pupils shook in shock.

"Huh."

Then he turned into a tearful face, then fell on the floor and hugged Geese's legs.

"sorry! really can't

I will! Majesty! Please save me just once!"

My hands trembled in fear.

'It's a monster. This man is a monster.'

What does it mean to be on top in a world where everyone wants a higher place?

Gis dropped his nameplate.

"I'm really excited."

I want to beat and kill him right now, but the value of use is more important than emotion.

"okay. wake up. A pitiful bastard."

"sorry. thank you. I will do my best. Thank you, Your Highness!"

Geese rubbed his back.

"It's just what it says. You must have misunderstood something, but you don't have to get blood on your hands."

"Yes'?"

The sight of the aide blinking his eyes while bleeding from his nose made Gis tense.

"If you can't do it, let someone else do it. Is there a thug for nothing? Find an idiot and bake it with money. you know what i mean you know how to do it."

"ah?????? Yes."

Geese nodded.

"What are you doing? If you know, go quickly and deal with it! Do I even have to scoop it up with a spoon and feed it?"

"no! I will do it right now!" As the aide rushed outside, Geese changed his blood-stained clothes into new ones.

"Anyway, just call the ship. What kind of hands and feet have to be right to eat? annoying."

After putting on his tie, he went to the mirror and saw Havitz standing behind him.

"Isn't there a smart guy? Other kingdoms are full of speedy guys. I have to do everything, very."

Harvits let out a yawn.

"It's boring."

No matter where you go in the human world or whoever's mind you read, you're going to get sick of it.

"I got a hint, though."

Geese couldn't recognize Satan until Harvitz opened the door and walked out.

"by the way... ...

His expression became serious.

'Which kid did you snitch on? Is it a trap? No, Arachne doesn't have that kind of guts.'

Do you think you should refrain from pleasure for the time being?

"Sir... ...

A sixty-two letter came out.

Tormia area.

Having received information that Shirone has left Delta, Lufist summoned the leadership.

Among the albino and ponies included, Rufist threw a newspaper on the table.

"Today's daily newspaper. Published by the Kingdom of Jive. The reason it wasn't published in the morning paper must be to avoid censorship."

Flew opened the newspaper.

"I saw it before I came. It's still just a suspicion, but Jive is the host country of the holy war. Wouldn't that be a blow to Geith's position?"

"There will be no big shock. With Gis' level of power and money, it's not even a job to make a single person an idiot."

Albino touched his beard.

"Still, there will be restrictions on your actions. Attending the banquet would be self-respecting. Who is the snitch?"

"I don't know yet. It won't be a trap. Arachne's world of beauty isn't that clumsy."

Fleur asked.

"Then why did you inform me?"

"Since it is a human matter, there must have been an incident that night. Once the eyes go back, it's human to do anything."

"therefore? Why did you call us?" Lufist opened her mouth.

"I want to take advantage of this incident. Personally, I think it's a hint."

"It's about burying it politically. It's more peaceful than assassination. But how?"

"As a result, it seems that Arachne's beauty world has failed. But Geese is like a beast. He's out of the banquet, so he'll be suffocating. I thought maybe I could dig into that gap."

said the albino.

"Right now, even Tormia can use beauty type, is that what you want to say?"

"Yes. Geese will be extremely careful. But what if there is a person who can pierce that vigilance? Then it becomes fun."

Fleur asked.

"Who is that person?"

Rufist and Albino turned their heads in silence, and she pointed at herself.

"Me?"

"Tell me if you don't like it."

"Nope. I admit it's a good operation. But I've never been trained in the world of beauty. Besides, she's not particularly pretty."

"Don't underestimate yourself. As long as you are good enough. It was decided considering the ability to judge the situation and the ability to respond."

said the albino.

"Above all, the reason why this worked was that Gis was in a very unstable state. safety first. Wouldn't it be sweet bait to have a tryst with the chief secretary of the Tormia Magic Association?"

"Wouldn't you buy yourself at all?"

"Testosterone is powerful. Apart from scientific theory, history proves it. Of course, it depends on how much you trust Kish, but there is a good chance."

"Hmm."

While Flu was running the simulation, the albino looked back at Lufist.

"... ... So is it now?"

"Yes. Shirone will be against it. It will go as far as breaking the alliance. But we still need Yahweh. This agenda must be conducted in secret."

Rufist asked again.

"Answer?" Fleur's eyes softened.

Harvits strolled through the town of Jive.

"There are a lot of people."

As if being the host country of the temple was a kind of pride, events were being held every day.

'Well, it's not a job to look for.' The daughter of Kish who fell into luxury and gambling. The voice of her heart was excellent even in a crowd.

Entering the casino, she was shouting.

"great! bet! 200,000 gold!"

Holding a drugged glass, it was easy to see that she was insane even without God's frequency.

Havitz drew his sword.

"The daughter of Kish."

If you destroy the child of the person who pushed you to kill someone else's child, how will he react?

'I'm curious about that sound.'

It wasn't particularly crazy, but it was going to be a game of its own in a boring temple.

'This is why a history search is necessary.'

It was not possible to collect extreme sounds simply by killing and harassing.

No one recognized him as he approached the casino table with a long sword.

'Vanishing.'

Although, the moment Rebecca is stabbed, the nations of the crusade will point to Havitz.

"It's not a temple, this place."

Gisui's logic was also included in his play.

"Good good! 300,000 this time! Eat right!"

Havitz, who walked up behind Rebecca, glanced to the side for a moment before raising his longsword.

'Shall I cut off the arm first?'

At that moment, he noticed something in the scene from before and opened his eyes wide and turned around.

A seven-year-old child was standing.

"Is Gustav Havitz the atrocious of the times?"

Havitz opened his mouth blankly, looked left and right alternately, then pointed at himself.

"Can you see me?"

"I will kill you from now on." I tapped her child's mind with God's frequency, but I couldn't feel her murky life.

only one piece of information.

"Wenna... ... Wizard?"

Only her name pulsated.

continues in the next volume