
[349] Prosecutor's Belief (1)





Shirone arrived in Baska, the capital of Tormia.

Shirone couldn't take her eyes off the image reflected through the carriage's window. The streets were neatly paved and the clothes of the people were colorful as if to emphasize their individuality.

When I entered the main street, there were many tall buildings that pierced the sky. Shirone checked the names of institutions he had only come across in books.

Alchemy Foundation, Prosecutors Association, Supreme Court.

At the last place they arrived, the building of the prestigious Magic Association stood tall.

It was safe to say that the 18-story building was a tower. It was a huge tower. Looking at the first floor alone, it seemed that several aristocratic mansions could fit.

Raising her head to find the top, Shirone closed her eyes to the reflected sunlight. The front was glossy like glass, so I didn't dare to look up.

"Let's go in. This is the Magic Association."

Kang Nan, who paid the driver's fare, passed by Shirone and said,

After following her to the doorway, the guards turned to Kang Nan and bowed 90 degrees. Since they were the gatekeepers of the Magic Association, even the bodyguards prayed a lot.

But Shirone knew that everyone who works here is a wizard.

It was a sacred place in the magic world that only those recognized as the best in their class could enter, no matter what the water level was.

Seeing the revolving door for the first time, Shirone looked up and moved at full speed. Then she landed in the hall as if she was being pushed and bounced against the glass window. The receptionist at the central front desk was guiding the department to the nobles with a smile.

Kang Nan went to the platform not far from the entrance. The elevator in the form of a capsule in a coffin made of glass was constantly going up and down.

'It's moving with air pressure. It's very convenient.'

Kang Nan looked at the floor where the platform was staying, and turned to the stairs as if he was not in a good position. Shirone licked her lips as if regretting it, but she had no choice but to follow her.

The stairs were wide enough for 20 people to walk side by side. There were as many as four landings, and the structure was curved like a spiral.

Upon arriving on the third floor, a monotonous landscape consisting of only corridors and offices unfolded.

A young woman was standing next to an office with a sign that read, Foreign Management Department.

It was Ravid Fleur, the 3rd floor manager of the Magic Association Security Department.

He was shorter than average and had blue pigtails that reached his waist. Her white skin and red lips made her look scary from a distance, but when she got closer and checked her face, her youthful expression was by no means an ugly face.

He was holding a magic wand with both hands and supporting his buttocks. The stem was thin and the tip was decorated with a fancy phoenix and a thick crystal ball was embedded in it.

Flew moved first and met the Kang Nan.

"Hello, Chief Secretary. Did the dispatch work go well?"

"so so. Where is the president of the association?"

"He went out this morning, and you are currently out of town."

Kangnan squinted one eye as if he was embarrassed.

"Where have you been?"

"That's good for me too. I was told it would take about three days."

"Oh, by the way, today... ... ."

Kang Nan's mission did not have a fixed deadline, so it was inevitable.

It was impossible to keep Shirone from the provinces waiting indefinitely, so while he was lost in thought, Fleur pointed to Shirone and asked.

"But this boy... ... ?"

"Ah, it's the president's guest. got into trouble There must be no place for Shirone to stay."

"A guest?"

Fleur looked at Shirone in disbelief.

In the two years that she had been with the Society, not many people had come so secretly as Gaold's guests. Most of them were the best envoys from other countries or high-ranking politicians who shuddered at the mention of their name, so it was to the extent that they had to clean the association and even hire a dedicated chef.

'So what if?'

A thought passed through Flew's mind.

It may be someone involved in the project. Even when Kang Nan-yi asked her where Old was, she had a strong feeling that she was trying to avoid the attention of other departments.

'It won't be. How can such a young child participate in the project?'

Even the Fleurs, who claimed to be members of the Garold Guard, which were extremely small in the association, were only limited to the outermost border in this project.

Under such circumstances, it was impossible for a boy younger than himself to assist Gaold.

'Who are you? Are you a relative of the president of the association?'

In any case, the first impression of Shirone was not very good.

The common characteristic of those who follow the eccentric Gaold is that they want to be recognized by him. A rivalry arises for no reason in the boy who came to the president of the association as a guest, whom even he could not do alone.

Kang Nan, who was coordinating the schedule, said to Shirone.

"Shirone, how about spending some time here first? I have to go out right away. Flew, can you take care of Shirone until the President of the Association arrives?"

"Oh, of course... ... ."

As Fleur was about to speak, Shirone turned to Kang Nan and said,

"Hey, then, can we go somewhere for a while?"

"yes? where?"

"I have friends living in the capital. I'll stay there and then come back."

Kang Nan groaned and fell into thought.

It was best for Shirone to stay in the association, but there was nothing wrong with stealing it outside. Rather, it was a good way to get out of the eyes of other departments.

"Okay, then let's go. But I want you to keep it secure."

"Yeah, don't worry about that."

Flew, who heard the conversation between the two, was even more suspicious.

Kang Nan has a calm personality except when dealing with Gaold, but he is more thorough than anyone else when it comes to work. If the president of the Magic Association was supposed to be alone, he wouldn't be an ordinary person. However, he did not know what a boy who was less than twenty years old believed in and trusted in security.

'Are you royalty? Who is asking the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association for personal matters?'

Contrary to Flew's expectations, Kang Nan didn't care much. Anything more than two people know is not a secret anyway. He brought Shirone according to the instructions, so from then on it was up to Old to take care of himself.

"Then come back here when your business is over. It should come within 3 days. When you come to the Association, look for Flu here."

Kang Nan also told Fleur.

"Flu, as soon as Shirone arrives, guide him to the president of the association. In a quiet place if possible. Of course, I'll take care of it, but there are times when I'm away."

Flew politely bowed her head.

"all right."

And he quickly shook his head.

'Shirone? Then you're not royalty. Where did you hear that name? Where did you hear that?'

I had the feeling that something was caught on the other side of my memory, but it was still vague.

Kang Nan put his hand on Shirone's back and turned around.

"Come on, let's go. I'll take you outside."

Shirone looked at Kang Nan and Fleur alternately, then hurriedly lowered her head.

"Ah yes. Goodbye then."

Fleur nodded lightly and looked at Shirone with sharp eyes.

It's definitely a name you know. It's just that I can't come up with certainty because I'm not familiar with it.

'Well, if I look for it, it will come out.'

Flew waited in the hallway until the Kang Nan disappeared, then quickly turned around.



* * *



After exiting the Magic Association through the revolving door, Shirone realized that she had come to Baska when she saw the streets overflowing with gold.

Kang Nan checked the time and licked his lips as if he was ambiguous.

"Sorry, but I have another job. Do you know where your friends are? Can you visit me alone?"

"Yes. I know the address. you can ask If I can't find it, I'll take a carriage ride."

"yes. See you in three days."

Kang Nan easily turned around.

Actually, I wasn't worried. It doesn't make sense that the kingdom's greatest aspiring wizard couldn't find a way.

Kang Nan went out to the main road and raised his hand, and the luxurious carriage stopped immediately. When I opened the door, I saw that a gentleman with a mustache and an old lady had boarded first. Kang Nan jumped up without hesitation, and immediately the carriage started.

Shirone watched, then raised her hand as the next carriage arrived. A blue lighted carriage stopped.

Opening the door and entering, the dimpled girl turned to Shirone and smiled.

"uh... ... there."

Shirone was embarrassed.

Sitting together is natural in Basuka, but staying in a small space with strangers was unfamiliar to Shirone. Especially if the target of the meeting is a girl of the same age.

"Come on. Where are you going?"

"Ah, that's the side of the palace over there."

"Good. You don't have to turn around."

Shirone noticed and climbed into the carriage and sat across from him. After telling her coachman where she was, he turned around and the girl smiled at her and covered her mouth.

"Why are you like that?"

"Aren't you from the capital city?"

"Ah yes. But did it show?"

"Baska residents never notice when they sit together. Don't get me wrong. I didn't mean to say that you were corny or anything like that. Rather, you are very cool."

Shirone's face turned red, and she lowered her head. It was the same with Marsha, but I couldn't adapt to this kind of thing.

On the other hand, the girl skillfully led the conversation as if it were a normal day.

She was 20 years old and a student preparing for the Diplomatic Examination. She has two boyfriends, one younger and one a twenty-eight-year-old businessman, she said.

Shirone calmed down and listened to her story.

Then, just once, she asked if we could meet separately, with a hint of nuance. But when Shirone's focus shifted, she smiled coolly and didn't ask again.

"Then, bye. Nice to meet you."

"Yes. Goodbye."

After the carriage left, Shirone's face left on the roadside had turned haggard within 30 minutes.

Aside from talking a lot, the culture shock was so great that I couldn't handle it. Although not all people have the same personality in the capital city, I could finally find out where Dante's free-spirited way of thinking came from.

'Whoa, my head hurts already. Certainly the capital is different.'

Shirone entered a luxury housing complex.

Reina's mansion was in a place where the Leth Mountains flowed like a torrent and the spire of the royal castle could be seen. It was much smaller than the original house, but still luxurious.

"Well, Reina noona is a court musician."

Upon arriving at the main gate, the attendants who had accompanied her to the Kazura Castle recognized Shirone.

"What? Aren't you Master Shirone? What have you been up to here?"

"How have you been? I'm here to see Lian. The swordsmanship academy is also on break now."

"It is, but... ... ."

There was something suspicious about the blurring of the horse's tail.

The attendants looked at each other, and one person turned away, as if they wanted to do something wrong.

"Please wait a moment. I will be right back."

Since it was Shirone, a guest of the Ogent family, it was disrespectful to leave it standing at the door. He didn't feel particularly bad, but he couldn't get rid of the strange feeling.

Butler Lewis came out of the mansion. The intelligent gaze that drove Shirone was the same, but unlike before, he greeted her with a happy smile.

"Welcome to. It's the first time I've seen you in Kazura."

"Yes, I was very grateful at the time. But are you here?"

"Anyway, since a big senior works there, I often come and go with my family. Come in at once."

Shirone followed Louis and asked.

"Is something going on? The atmosphere is a bit strange."

"that is... ... You will know once you enter."

Reina's mansion was much larger inside than it looked from the outside.

There were two women standing in front of Klumph's room, one was Raina and the other was an unexpected person.

"what?"

"Shirone!"

Tess, who was looking like she was about to cry at any moment, came running, showing her bright colors. Then, he hit Shirone on the shoulder with his two fists and shouted.

"What is it, what is it, what is it? How did you come here?"

Shirone, who greeted Reina first, looked back at Tess belatedly.

"haha! I stopped by the capital because I had work and came to see Lian's face. Did you finish school safely?"

"Hey, that... ... ."

At this point, Shirone also started to feel frustrated.

"Why are you doing that? Did something really happen?"

Reina said with a serious expression.

"Lian dropped out of school."

"Yes? Are you dropping out?"

=======================================
[350] Prosecutor's Faith (2)





Clump, who was sitting in the seat of honor, had his arms crossed and a serious expression on his face. In the seat next to him, Quan, who ran after receiving a call from Clump from the swordsmanship academy, joined them.

Standing looking at the two of them, Lian straightened her back and caught Clump's eyes with an unwavering gaze before speaking.

"It's something I've decided. It's strange to ask permission for my decision, but please accept it."

Clump sighed and let out the ground.

The blue-haired lineage is free-spirited and hot-tempered. I knew roughly how hard Lian had worked so far, and it wasn't that I couldn't understand her feelings of not being able to schema. But now it's only one year. It was too early to judge the success or failure of the class.

"... ... Are you running away? What are you going to do by dropping out of school? Are you thinking of going back to your family and practicing privately?"

"no. I'm leaving for knight training."

Clump's beard twitched as he clenched his teeth. Anger and joy were mixed together. How is it that he thinks the same as he did when he was younger?

Still, I had to object.

Even when Clump was young, there were many knights ascetics. The world situation was chaotic, and it was not a dream to unify the world with a sword.

But times have changed.

A sword is a skill that kills people. Therefore, there is probably no better training than experiencing combat, but it was a double-edged sword that could end your life with a single mistake.

"Don't tell me you're young. Because you'll be nineteen soon. But can you say for sure that you don't learn anything at school? Is school really such an insignificant thing to you?"

"I never thought of anything like that. I just want to be strong."

This time, Clump also showed his anger.

Being satisfied with being like oneself and insisting on following the path of ancestors are two different things. Above all, I couldn't push my cute grandson with my limbs.

"You want to become stronger, so you leave training? Do you think that foolishness will work even after coming this far?"

"No kidding! I sincerely risk my life... ... !"

Clump was adamant.

"If not, then no. Practice can be experienced at any time. The first thing is to build up your skills enough to go out into the world."

"no. I have already submitted my resignation letter. The decision has already been made."

"I canceled. This old man, who is in his 70s, begged a junior here to repair it."

"grandfather!"

Lian raised his voice.

Aside from accepting the resignation letter, it was frustrating that Clump had an affair with someone for his own business.

Just as Lian was about to speak out with his burning emotions, he heard a knock at the door.

Clump frowned as if he was concerned.

"what? We're talking now, so do it later."

"The big elder Shirone-kun has come to visit."

Lian looked back at the door in surprise. My heart suddenly started beating fast.

My best friend and lord with whom I made knightly oaths. Whatever the reason, he was the only person I never wanted to see like this.

Even Clump knew what Shirone meant to Lian. He stroked his beard for a moment, lost in thought, before making a decision.

"Ask me to come in."

Lian's personality, stubborn and strong-willed, is not even a seed for a family member. But Shirone could have changed the situation.

The door opened and Shirone entered. Tess poked her head out to survey the atmosphere in the room, but Louis immediately closed the door without giving her a moment's rest.

Lian unknowingly avoided Shirone's gaze. But Shirone didn't care, and said hello to Clump first.

"Hello, old man."

"yes. I heard about it from Rayna. She suffered a lot."

He already knew what had happened in Kazura. After going through the ordeal, Shirone's prayers were remarkably strong.

But right now, I couldn't afford to pay attention to Shirone's changes. Shirone knew why Clump had called him, so he didn't change his mind.

"Lian dropped out of school."

Clump gave an exaggeratedly upset look and scratched his head.

"yes. See how you can convince me Do you have such stupidity?"

"I am in favor."

Clump's hand, which was scratching his head, stopped. Not only Lian, but even Quan, who didn't know Shirone, looked at him with a look of surprise.

"agree? Does that mean Lian can drop out of school?"

"Yes. I don't know the circumstances, I haven't heard the reason, but I think it's the right way if Lian made that decision."

Clump struggled to maintain his composure.

It was thought that the appearance of Shirone caused a variable in his conversion, but it couldn't have been more troublesome than this if he was acting as Lian's lawyer. He's going to be a very tough lawyer.

"yes. As the lord of Lian, your opinion is also worth considering. But if you thought so, you could give a good reason, right?"

Shirone turned her head to Lian. And when Lian quietly lowered his gaze as if his face was still unsteady, he looked at Clump and continued.

"There is no such thing as a good reason."

"what?"

"I don't know which one would be more efficient for Lian. But one thing can be guaranteed."

Shirone said confidently.

"The Lian I know is not a friend who runs away under any circumstances."

Lian clenched his fists. He was more confident than a thousand words.

"It may be a foolish judgment. But never try to avoid it. If so, I think supporting Lian is our duty as a friend."

Clump burst into laughter as the feeling of collapse tickled his lungs.

It is a beautiful friendship. And it is human nature to want to protect beautiful things.

'You wicked bastard. You already know what I'm weak against.'

It's different from dealing with the owner of the house, Bischoff. Certainly, if it came out like this, the man of loyalty, Clump, could not firmly stop it.

But as Shirone already knew, he wasn't the kind of person who handled things only with emotion.

"I know how you feel. It is also persuasive. But Shirone, that's just you and Lian's legitimacy. You don't know the world yet. At least I've been a prosecutor for decades. Do you think it's just school? You're welcome. One day, the day will come when today's dropout will catch Lian's ankle."

Quan raised his hand.

"I have something to tell you about this."

Everyone's eyes turned to Quan.

Shirone saw Quan for the first time, but he could tell from the aura he gave off that he was not an ordinary person.

"Actually, as a teacher, I did not respond to the general's call to have an interview. I feel like I should pass this on to you."

Quan took out an envelope from his inside pocket.

It was Lian's resignation letter.

"I respect the general and want to help him, but withdrawing from the resignation is unacceptable. Teaching students who have already given up school goes against my educational philosophy."

"Grunt."

For Clump, it was a mountain beyond a mountain.

Quan's stubbornness is so stubborn that even the swordsmanship academy recognizes it. Even if his opponent was a general of a certified third-class prosecutor, the same was true.

"Let me ask you a favor. How can I not let it go just this once?"

'grandfather... ... .'

Lian was suffocated to the point of suffocating. I could feel his denial in the general's appearance of asking a distant junior for his grandson.

But Quan was really not an easy opponent.

"This is irresponsible as a teacher, but the truth is that Lian has no future at school. Of course, there are things to learn in the technical part, but the evaluation items are definitely schema. Currently, there is an opinion that brain enhancement also falls under the category of schema, but even so, it is not a nature to be taught in schools. As you know, education and practice are very different. Also, practice and practice are completely different systems. It's not a sword fight, but just because the cadets won a wrestling match, you can't count that as a score."

Quan's words didn't sound particularly unpleasant. Quan, as the person who watched Lian closest, was just expressing his candid opinion.

Silence enveloped the room. nobody spoke up

At that time, Lewis, the butler, spoke again from outside the door.

"The eldest elder, the second boy has arrived."

Lian's face hardened.

August Rye. Of course, at this timing, a lifelong enmity comes into the house. He was a person I didn't want to see in a different way than Shirone.

When Rai came in proudly, Shirone hurriedly stepped aside. He had only seen it once when he worked as a librarian for the Ogent family, but the impression of him remained vivid in his mind.

A cold face with black hair. The cool atmosphere was still the same, but the energy was so strong that it was felt through the skin that he had grown much more than before.

When Rayna came in, Louis couldn't even close the door this time.

Approaching behind Rai, she raised her ax eye and shouted.

"Hey! What are you so busy that you can't even poke your nose? Did you know that I came home after a month?"

Even the cold-hearted Rye could not help but frown at his sister's nagging.

"I was busy. You can't help it. I'm going to be dispatched soon, so I'm here to pack my things. I'm hungry, so cook me some food."

Reina frantically glared at the back of Rai's head, then whispered to Louise to prepare a meal. It's a little brother who came home after a long time, so shouldn't we cook and feed him some warm food?

Rai approached Clump and lowered his head in an angle. Now that I am the same soldier, I couldn't treat him carelessly even at home.

"grandfather."

"Hmm, you seem to be doing well. oh, hello This is Quan, the swordsmanship school teacher."

Rai's eyes changed.

'Quan? Quan, the magician of death?'

There is a story I heard after passing the official exam and enlisting in the military. Of course, it is an unconfirmed fact, but the name of the only swordsman who came back alive against Fengzhang was definitely Quan.

Rye turned to Quan and bowed his head.

"hello. My name is Ogent Rye."

"Yeah, I heard about it. You have a good temperament, just like I heard."

Quan was greeted as politely as possible. His attitude was different from when he was dealing with Lian.

'That kid. A genius swordsman from the Ogent family.'

I got the official 10th grade last year, but I have already become a 8th grade sergeant. His aura was also cold and sharp, as if he were seeing himself in his youth.

Rye, who waited at attention so that Quan could give an adequate evaluation, turned to Clump again and asked.

"By the way, why is the swordsmanship school official here?"

Reina crossed her arms and said.

"Lian dropped out of school. That's why her grandfather called her to change her mind."

"Did you drop out of school?"

Rai turned his head to Lian as if to confirm his intentions. Then Lian also opened his eyes and glared at him. He didn't stand up to Shirone, but he didn't want to be pushed aside even in a snowball fight with Rai.

But Rai just snorted and said he wasn't interested.

"What big deal is that? If you want to quit, you can quit."

Reina clicked her tongue.

"How can you be so careless? Aren't you worried about your younger brother's life after becoming an older brother?"

Rai passed Lian and headed for the door.

"He was a bad guy from the beginning. Better to give up now. give me some food quickly I'm hungry."

Lian, who followed Rai's head, said.

"Wait for a moment."

And when Rai turned around, he pointed his finger at his forehead.

"You didn't go to school either, did you?"

"It is different from you. I don't have to go, and even if you did, it would be in vain."

A grinding sound came from Lian's teeth.

=======================================
[351] Prosecutor's Faith (3)





"Do you think it's already possible to wear a badge of rank? No matter what the grades were, I wasn't just playing around. I am confident that I will not lose to anyone with a sword."

"Don't you think divine transcendence can be a big deal?"

Raina looked at Rai unexpectedly.

I once talked about Lian's divine transcendence. But that he remembered it was bizarre, considering his ignorant personality.

"Transcending the body? What a wonderful thing. Would you give me a round of applause?"

Sparks flew in Lian's eyes.

"what? you now... ... !"

"If you depend on that, your body will break first."

Lian's mouth was closed.

"Yes, divine transcendence is a difficult stage to achieve. But that doesn't mean it's great. There are many difficult and useless things in the world. It would probably be more difficult to move the mountain with a shovel. But nobody does that. What are you going to do by transcending your body? You are a human made of flesh and blood. divine transcendence? You can be a little stronger than others, but that's it in the end."

It was a cruel statement, but it was also true.

Even Shirone, who had reached the same level as Lian, couldn't refute this time. mental transcendence. Transcend the limits of magical power through the power of incarnation. But when you transcend feedback, the mind eventually collapses.

Lian gritted his teeth and managed to spit out the words.

"shut up. what do you know You've never experienced it anyway, have you?"

"Yeah, I can't. That's great. Do not cheer."

Rai turned around again. And he said before he left the room.

"Congratulations. For the first time, I can do something I couldn't do."

Lian heard the sound of the string of reason breaking. He couldn't control his rapidly beating heart, and his body shuddered against his will.

It was unclear how effective the divine transcendence would be in practice. However, it was also the only hope that came miraculously after ten years of practice.

"... ... wait."

Rai moved as if ignoring Lian's words.

"busy. It's your business, so you take care of it."

"I told you to wait!"

The room reverberated at the sound of Lian's shout. The reason no one was surprised was because everyone was expecting it to explode by now.

When Rye turned around with a hint of annoyance, Lian strode forward and faced Rye.

"Ozent Rye, I challenge you to a duel. Let's fight with the real sword."

Reina rubbed her forehead as if she knew that.

"Lian, you keep... ... ."

"No, I'm serious. If I lose to Rai, I'll go back to school. How about this, is this enough to win?"

Rai laughed and said.

"I don't care if you go to school or not. If you want to quit, do it yourself. Don't bother."

"haha! so? Aren't you running away because you're scared?"

Rai's face twisted subtly.

"Are you afraid of me? It's really absurd."

"Aha, are you busy then? You pretended to be so proud, but the excuses are hard. Didn't I always brag that something like me could be done with a sword? Or what? By the swordsman you are talking about, do you mean a man with a mouth full of ranks?"

"Sigh."

Rai wiped his face tiredly and nodded sympathetically.

"Yes, I will duel you. I'll wait for you at the training ground. Get ready and come out."

Turning coldly to the door, he turned to Lian as if he remembered something.

"And you, don't provoke me in the future. That's because I'm not good at it at all."

"That's really... ... !"

When Lian tried to run away immediately, Shirone grabbed his arm and stopped him.

"Calm down, Lian. Rather, you were provoked."

"ah."

Lian realized it belatedly and calmed down.

However, the anger did not disappear. I made fun of the tongue that didn't work like that, but I hated Rye, who reversed it with a single word, to the point of death. Of course, Shirone only thought that Lian was too naive.

Tess, who had been listening to the story outside the door, came in with a look.

"Lian, are you really doing it? If I lose, I have to go back to swordsmanship school."

"Hey, did you see me talking twice with one bite?"

"It's not like that... ... ."

Tess gently turned her gaze to look at Quan. Since he has already stated that he will not accept the resignation letter, even if Lian changes his mind, additional problems arise.

But Lian didn't care.

If I lose to Rai, I will definitely go back to school even if I have to kneel down and pray. If not accepted, she was determined to stand in front of the school gate.

"I will. because it's a promise but i'm not going back He asked for a match with the determination to win."

Lian turned to Klumph.

"Grandpa, do you agree?"

Clump crossed his arms and was seriously pensive. And at last his eyes were opened.

"Let's go to the training ground."



* * *



The training ground was prepared behind Reina's mansion. In addition to Rayna, Clump and Rye live there, but Rye is busy with dispatch life every day, and most of Clump stays in the general's barracks, so management is not good.

In the center of a small empty lot with only assorted colors, Rye, who had come out dressed as a woman, was waiting for everyone with a sword on her waist. While Lian was getting ready, Rayna approached Rai with her worried look on her face.

"Hey, are you really going to do it? i hate this Brothers do not have to fight each other with real swords."

"Let them do whatever they want. Or will that fool agree?"

"And what if there is an accident?"

"That's when you go and think about it. Isn't it a good thing for your sister anyway? Because that fool will go back to school."

If the confrontation ended safely and Lian quietly surrendered, it would be a relief for Reina as well. However, because it was a confrontation between the two, which cannot be mixed like water and oil, the old woman's heart did not disappear.

"Yeah, anyway. Be gentle in moderation and finish quickly."

"I am busy too. It will happen even if you don't say anything."

Reina shrugged. Although she has a self-centered personality, Rai, who is clearly discerning, has been a younger brother who does not need nagging since childhood, unlike Lian.

'Well, there's no one else to really worry about.'

Lian was staring at Rai from the corner of the training ground and taking a deep breath.

Tess came over and squeezed Lian's shoulders and arms vigorously. It seemed that the muscle mass was a meaningful confrontation even for the bold Lian.

"now! Go for it! Relax!"

Tess did her best to cheer up Lian. Of course, he didn't want Lian to drop out of school, but he hated seeing someone humiliate him even more.

Lian remained silent and focused on clearing his mind. It was a confrontation that he could never lose because his family, as well as Instructor Quan and Shirone were watching.

Reina came over and put her hand on Lian's shoulder.

"For today's match, I'm neutral. So do it in moderation. Don't be tempted to come."

"Hey, you better worry about Rina. I am no longer the me I used to be."

Rayna didn't say anything.

Rai wasn't thinking about losing, and neither was Reina. She knew better than anyone the gap in her skills, for she had once wielded her sword.

'I guess there's no chance that Lian will win. I'm not the kind of kid who would take care of Rai if he was a younger brother.'

When Clump and Quan entered the training ground, Lian listened to the great sword he had received from his grandfather.

Shirone spoke behind Lian as he walked towards the battlefield.

"Lian, you must win."

Lian turned his head and smiled. There was no sign of nervousness to be found.

"No problem. Leave it to me."

When Lian arrived at the center of the training ground, Rai took out the black sword from his waist. It was longer and thinner than a normal longsword, but it was a straight sword tailored to Ogent's swordsmanship, and its hardness was considerable as it was made of black iron.

Lightly swinging the black sword with an X, Rai raised the blade to the sky and examined it.

"Let's start quickly. Because I want to rest."

"I'm not going to rest, I'm going to lie down. I don't know if it's a dispatch or what, but it's better to cancel it."

"Whatever it is, just do it quickly."

Rai didn't even want to respond to Lian's words.

Lian didn't like that. He learned any skill in an instant, and there was no way that Lian, who was not born with any talent, would look like his family.

Lian's ridicule from the confrontation he had seen when he was young suddenly flashed through his mind.

"Anyway, I should say thank you for accepting the match. My bad relationship with you ends today."

Lian raised the greatsword with one hand and aimed it. He felt a sense of intimidation just by looking at the precarious center of gravity that was beyond human limits.

Rye lowered the black sword diagonally. Even so, it was a pole-like sword that reached the floor.

The gap between the great sword and the black sword is very close. However, the speed should be as fast as the dark sword is lighter.

'Anyway, I'm pushed behind in technology.'

Lian designed the battle. It was a strategy as simple as his personality.

'I press it with force!'

The moment I bit my molars, both eyes lit up. Powerful kicks kicked the ground and pushed his body away.

"Goes!"

Lian raised his greatsword and charged. I could imagine the power of the heavy sword falling from a whopping 3 meters high without being hit.

At the same time, flashes of black light extended from Rai's body and penetrated every corner of Lian's gap. Lian could not even swing half of his sword and switched to defense.

Rai's fast and sharp attack struck the surface of the greatsword like a blacksmith's hammer.

"Keugh!"

Lian's body was startled by the unexpectedly heavy shock.

It felt different from Tess' sword. It was a swordsmanship that was swift and accurate, but still had the unique power of the Ogent family.

Once he gave up the initiative, Lian was pushed back endlessly. The process of being pushed back was so one-sided that it seemed impossible to regain his initiative again.

Rye ran wild as if he were dancing a sword dance alone in an empty lot.

As Lian reached the end of the arena, exclamations leaked out from the mouths of those watching. It was a swordsmanship that made even Tess, who was cheering for Lian, stunned.

"Yaaaaa!"

Lian's sword drew horizontally. The air roared with fire and wept.

Lian, who managed to make space, took a step forward. However, he couldn't do anything against Rye's lightning-like attack and he retreated again.

Rai didn't stop attacking. It was like he was locked up and beaten.

The number of counterattacks by Lian decreased, and finally, even blocking them seemed daunting.

'Tsk, there is no development, there is progress.'

Rye didn't want to waste any more time on a bland game.

After hitting Lian's sword intensively to get him out of his mind, he turned the black sword in reverse and drove it into the ground. Suddenly, as soon as the blade was stabbed, a vibration was transmitted through the soles of Lian's feet.

"what... ... !"

When Lian looked down with startled eyes, the ground swelled as if wind was rising in the ground, and exploded with a bang.

"Keugh!"

A shock wave that made the ground explode hit the soles of both feet, causing the calf muscles to convulse.

The name of the technology is Jipok.

The blade that Rai succeeded when he was only 12 years old was driven into the ground.

Lian's knees were shaking and he couldn't keep his balance. He rather sat down and raised the greatsword with only the strength of his upper body.

As Rai's black sword pierced with a bang, vibrations rushed through the greatsword.

Lian gritted her teeth and suppressed a scream.

It felt like my arm muscles were splitting into chunks. The shockwave that had flowed through her body radiated outward, causing her top to bounce with a popping sound. Her clothes were tattered as if she had been stabbed by dozens of knives.

Lian frowned heavily and glared at Rai. Rai's expression, still holding the black sword, was indifferent.

Those who watched intuition that the confrontation was over. Since the shock wave had torn through his body, even if he looked fine on the outside, he probably wouldn't have enough muscles to move properly.

The second son of the Ogent family, Ogent Rye.

His skill was real.

=======================================
[352] Prosecutor's Faith (4)





'Is that the skill of a swordsman who just turned 20?'

Quan was impressed with Rye's swordsmanship.

It is not only precise, but also exquisite. If there are two lineages descending into the Ogent family, this time, without question, was the era of black hair.

"Whoa! Whoa!"

Lian sucked in the air and supported the greatsword with his trembling arms. It was the first time he felt the weight of the greatsword he had wielded for a year except for eating.

'lift up lift it up.'

Rai's eyes twitched. The greatsword that was pressing down with the black sword was slowly rising.

'Do you still have strength?'

Since the shockwaves from the examination building went in properly, there was no way the body could be strained.

I tried to press down with a little more weight, but a force so great that I didn't even think of blocking him was pushing him away.

Receiving an ominous feeling, Rai removed his sword and widened the distance.

At the same time, Lian swung her sword and stood up. He grabbed his ragged shirt and ripped it open, revealing tight muscles.

Rai recognized Lian's characteristics at a glance.

'The resilience is amazing.'

To sublimate the divine transcendence beyond the limits of the body to the level of technology, ordinary self-tortures were inconceivable. I could guess how much painstaking training Lian had in order to increase the feedback.

"I will admit that I did my best. However, I am the one who leads the family."

Rai returned to Lian's side through external gravity. Then he aimed at his defenseless right arm and swung his black sword.

Under normal circumstances, a defensive stance should come out.

But rather, Lian opened the ribs and raised the greatsword vertically.

'what?'

For a fleeting moment, Rai's thoughts moved quickly.

Give the flesh and take the bone? Or is offense the best defense?

In any case, it didn't make sense. The movement of the great sword is bound to be slower than that of the sharp sword.

At that moment, Lian's greatsword caused an afterimage and fell between Rai's eyebrows. It was a strange acceleration of the sword that could not be understood by common sense.

Rai bounced and caused muscle vibration. Following his external gravity, his body glided out of his radius in a semicircle.

But before I knew it, Lian's greatsword rang through the air and caught up with me.

'Damn it! What is it?'

Rye, who evaded with a hair's breadth, was mogul. At last, his neck was about to fall off.

Then, Reina, who was watching the battle, stomped her feet restlessly.

As the emotions of the two collided, the strength of the herb was increasing. If we go on like this, one of the brothers may hold a funeral.

"I can't! We have to end the confrontation."

"I can't do that. Neither Lian nor Rye would want that."

Raina looked back at Tess with a sad feeling.

"Tess, no matter how much you want to protect Lian, this isn't it. Those two are fighting with the intention of killing them. You should have stopped Lian from the beginning."

"I'm not fighting because I hate Rye oppa."

Tess still remembers it vividly. On the day she went to Lian's lodging with a late-night snack at the swordsmanship school, she heard a terrible moan that leaked through the door.

"Lian trained beyond her limits every day. And at night, Lian gets sick and dies. He stayed up all night with a rag in his mouth to endure the pain of breaking his body."

Reina couldn't say anything at Tess' face, which looked like she was about to burst into tears.

Although they are related by blood, she did not know what Lian's pain was. The only people who could understand Lian were those who chose the path of the sword just like Lian.

Rye's kick hit Lian in the stomach. Up in the air, Lian rolls on the floor and balances him on his knees. He was on the verge of being hit by a vital point.

The cold aura had disappeared from Rai's face.

As time passed, I could feel Lian's defenses getting stronger. Because he is caught up in his emotions. It was distasteful.

"you idiot! Why don't you know you can't compete! I mean, even come in moderation!"

Lian stood up slowly. And he aimed his lie in the same position he had before he collapsed.

"Come on."

"This kid is really... ... !"

A life welled up in Rai's eyes. The ominous aura that radiated out of the body was transmitted to the people standing outside the training ground.

Rai's movements with all his might seemed like seeing a ghost. As the scars on Lian's body increased due to his fast and accurate swordsmanship, his movements gradually began to slow down.

The difference in skill is palpable. There is a talent gap that cannot be filled no matter how hard you try. However, the more the gap became clearer, the more angry it was Rye.

The family who put their expectations on such a pathetic bastard was stupid. Lian has no future. Swordsmanship not supported by technology is nothing more than a show of strength.

"You stupid child!"

When he deflected the greatsword with exquisite skill and applied a round kick, Lian's neck turned like a top.

For a moment, I thought I had broken my neck, but my body rotated along my head and floated up, then I crashed with a thud.

Rai took a deep breath and glared at Lian. Even the appearance she spread was pathetic. With the blow to her chin, she probably won't be conscious until tomorrow.

"haha."

At that moment, Lian's lungs trembled. Lian, who slowly raised her head, said with her mouth torn.

"It's a ticklish attack. Can you kill me with something like this?"

Rai was taken aback by Lian's tenacity, who would rise like a zombie no matter how beaten he was. But then she looked at her sister with a pitiful look, and she said coldly.

"Kill? Are you worth killing?"

Lian's eyes widened.

"You have to kill your grandfather's cute youngest grandson to use it. There's no need to kill someone like you. I just need to beat him until he loses his mind. Got it? You're just the youngest member of a swordsman family with no skills or talent. It's a low-key backbone, you bastard!"

"yes!"

Lian screamed, crouching down.

"I am a low-key retard!"

Lian charged forward, brandishing his sword. It was an attack that made me want to approach it just by hearing the sound of the wind, unless it was a strong heart.

Rai hurriedly raised the black sword. bang! As the greatsword came down, the shock was transmitted to his knee.

Lian pressed his face into the sword.

Seeing that his mouth was torn all the way down to his ear, Rai thought that maybe his brother was not in his right mind.

Can we continue like this? Maybe I should call the doctor right now?

"Feel free to mock. It's something I've been hearing all my life anyway. Call him a pathetic guy, call him a lesser guy. Despise, ignore, curse. Still I... ... !"

Lian drew his greatsword and took a full-swing stance.

"Never stop!"

Rai's head turned pale at the hallucination that Lian's greatsword had grown dozens of times in size. As the brain that imagined the overwhelming sword received a shock, the expected sword blades were jumbled up.

"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

At the same time as Lian's spirited voice, Rai's eyes fell down.

'Ankle!'

Rye, who belatedly read the sword's trajectory, jumped up.

As the greatsword dug through the ground and came out on the other side, the soil as wide as the radius of the sword stood up like a floor.

A black line ran through the middle of the floor. It split in half with a popping sound, and then Rai broke through the soil and jumped out.

But what he was waiting for was another attack by Lian, who raised his greatsword.

Rye was stunned by the linked attack that ignored the existing mobility. As he stretched out his upper body like a bow, he felt a strong wind brush the tip of his chin. The hairs all over his body stood up.

"I can't hear anything! Even if everyone ridicules me, I can only move on!"

Lian pushed Rye as if to vent his resentment.

When the confrontation began and Rai was pushed back for the first time, the family and even Quan showed embarrassment.

'Lian... ... .'

Rayna's eyes turned sad.

He is a child who grew up being compared to his older brother, who was two years younger from birth. She honestly didn't feel like she could beat her rai even if she held her sword. Perhaps she herself used her music as an excuse to pass on the burden of her blue hair to Lian.

"There are many problem children in the blue-haired lineage."

Reina licked her lips and turned to Clump.

"Black hair always does its part. Reasonable and cool. On the other hand, the character of blue hair is often unpredictable. He's also stubborn about single-mindedness. That's why it's said that if you have blue hair, you're lucky."

"What are you talking about all of a sudden, even though your grandfather has blue hair?"

"Heuk, the existence of the troublemaker Cheongbal must be one of the reasons why Ogent is limited to the second class. However, looking back on the history of the family, it was Blue Hair that eventually became known as Ogent as a sword family."

Clump looked at Lian, who was swinging his heavy sword like a storm.

"There is no detour. don't look back Even if it is bumped into and broken, the will to break through it, that is the conviction of the blue hair. I don't know how far Lian can go. But when you finally look back from where you arrived, the road will be straight and undisturbed."

"Goaaaaaa!"

When Lian attacked with an aggressive posture, Rai didn't even dare to cross swords.

I didn't feel like dealing with people. I couldn't get rid of the feeling that something absolute was lurking behind Lian's back.

'Divine transcendence? The power of the spirit?'

A spark lit up in Rai's eyes.

"Don't be ridiculous!"

Rai, who bounced off his body, countered Lian's sword head-on. The greatsword and black sword swirled in the center of the line of sight and line of sight.

Rai came to his senses only after the devastating shock was transmitted through the handle. He was too agitated without realizing it.

However, the senses had already left their grasp.

'what's this? It's okay to be ignorant.'

As soon as I took the external gravity out of my back and backed up quickly, Lian jumped in like a wolf and bit Rye. As if the ball had reverse rotation, the motion of falling in front of Rye was not a normal inertia.

As the greatsword approached right in front of him, Rai twisted his ankle completely and spun. At the same time, the sole of his opposite foot slammed down on Lian's Achilles tendon.

"Keugh!"

Rai rose up at the same time as he rotated like a dragon, and lowered his black sword at the back of Lian, who was bent on one knee. Actions performed in trance. It was no longer a matter of life and death.

"Lian!"

At the same time as Tess' cry, Lian twisted her upper body.

In an abnormal posture, when he swung the greatsword with one hand, the black sword bounced and Rai's arms crossed behind his back.

"wow... ... ."

An exclamation of exclamation escaped Rai's mouth without realizing it.

It was a posture that completely collapsed the center. Even so, the physical strength of being able to deflect a vertical slash carrying all of his weight with one hand.

'No, it's not on that level.'

The law of action and reaction did not apply to Lian's sword. Absolute power that defied the laws of physics was melted into each and every one of Lian's swords.

"Whoa."

Shirone let out the breath he had been holding back. Watching Lian push Rye one-sidedly, his heart, not the prosecutor, burned hotly.

"Tess."

Tess' face turned white with tension as she turned to Shirone.

"Lian, you've become really strong."

At Shirone's recognition, Tess eventually burst into tears. It is because he knows for whom the penance that Lian has been doing so far has been for.

Her throat was locked, and she couldn't reply, only shaking her head.

"Yaaaaa!"

Lian swung his sword even in pain as if his whole body was breaking. Now, even Rai did not back down and was repelling all of Lian's attacks.

If it transcends the limits of the body, it won't last long anyway. You only need to stop this once. No, if you block it one more time... ... .

Rai was annoyed.

'Damn it! When will it end?'

At that moment, a thought flashed through my mind.

'ah... ... .'

Rai finally realized what kind of swamp he had fallen into.

'This guy was an idiot.'

At the same time, Lian's greatsword raised the black sword.

The pain of twisting my knuckles rushed in as I heard a ding. As her muscles tightened, her hands opened, and the black sword spun up into the sky.

=======================================
[353] Prosecutor's Faith (5)





Everyone's eyes turned to the void. The black sword rotated while blocking the sun, and it slammed into the back of Rai more than halfway.

Rai didn't look back. His gaze was directed straight at Lian.

Lian, frozen in the position of aiming the greatsword, could not even move a single finger. Horrible pain was pouring in from the aftermath of the divine transcendence.

In the lengthy silence, Rai tutted, clicked his tongue, and turned around.

"lost. Let's stop."

Lian's eyes widened in shock. It was Rai's declaration of defeat for the first time in 18 years.

However, Rai did not show any emotion and drew the black sword and put it in the scabbard. Then he walked over to Clump and bowed his head.

"I lost. I concede defeat."

"Cheuk, you've dried up on the face. Still, it was nice that it was hot unlike you."

Rai licked his lips and murmured.

"This is why you shouldn't hang out with fools."

"Are you okay though? Aren't you cool inside?"

After thinking for a moment, Rai passed by Clump and muttered quietly.

"... ... You seem to have become a bit like a prosecutor."

Rayna quickly followed Rai.

"Wait, you come this way. Are your hands okay? You said you have to be dispatched tomorrow?"

"not a big deal. I just lost my sword because I got a mouse."

"This is to fool someone. Do prosecutors get rattled so easily? Give me your hand."

Holding Rai's wrist, Reina looked at her hand. Just by looking at his calluses, now no different from his skin, he could tell that he had not come to this position merely with his talent.

"Also. I knew it."

Looking at the back of her hand, Reina's eyebrows twisted.

The left hand serves as a shock absorber when gripping the sword. However, the nails of the index, middle, and ring fingers were all missing.

"Don't make a fuss. Nails usually fall off easily."

"It's the first time I've heard of such a thing! Ugh, I can't even cut a steak with this. Come on. At least put pressure on it."

Reina took out a bandage from the first-aid kit in the gymnasium. Then, he tightly wrapped Rye's index, middle, and ring fingers and pressed them firmly.

As the tension eased, even those who were watching felt tired. However, Quan was still looking at Lian with serious eyes.

'Divine Transcendence... ... .'

Lian's swordsmanship in the actual battle was definitely amazing. Also, it was a performance that could never be shown at a swordsmanship school that evaluates each stage.

'But if it were me, I would have bypassed it.'

Divine transcendence is dangerous. It wasn't just about increasing power.

The movement that bit the rye at the end had a bizarre corner that was difficult to create even with external gravity. Even so, Rye responded to Lian's steel sword with a steel sword.

Is it self-esteem? Or because you have no experience? If not, what other variable did he not read that remained on the battlefield?

"A swordsman is a swordsman."

"General."

Before I knew it, Clump was standing behind me.

"But the sword is, after all, a tool for murder. It's a truth that cannot be ignored. Why are we still pursuing the sword?"

Quan couldn't answer.

"You can never change the world with one sword. But the sword I have in my heart is different. An excellent swordsman wins a war, but a knight with conviction changes the world. Rai was burned by Lian's conviction."

"The sword in my heart... ... ."

"Perhaps divine transcendence is the materialization of belief."

Quan recalled an incident from long ago.

A picture of himself before his Achilles tendon fell off. His spirit, which had been strong enough to reject even Fengzhang's offer and choose to die, was now vague like a delusion.

"I have been there, too."

Clump looked at Quan with benevolent eyes. He was a regrettable junior as a soldier and as a prosecutor.

"How long are you going to wander? come back to the army This time, my direct adjutant is discharged. I think it will be of great help if you take care of it?"

"Let me think about it. Thank you for caring me."

Quan was sincere, but had no intention of returning to the army.

I realized it clearly with today's match. It's already a broken sword. Without having a new sword, he could never reach divine transcendence.

"Grandpa, can I drop out now?"

Lian strode closer. Her face was wet with cold sweat from enduring her pain. Since he proved it with results, not words, Clump had no excuse to stop him.

"Yes, you won. Whether it's dropping out or working as a knight, do whatever you want."

"So you said that from the start? Fighting needlessly."

Rai, whose finger was bandaged, said as he changed his clothes.

"Don't become a corpse anywhere. Because if you die, I'll have to go find you."

Contrary to everyone's expectations, Lian didn't get angry. Since we competed with each other to the best of our ability, I had no intention of looking back at the match in a bad way.

But one question still remained.

"Hey, let me ask you one thing."

Rai buttoned it up and looked back.

"The technique that exploded the ground, is that an application of swordsmanship?"

"So what?"

"Why didn't you use the sword blade on me? If it were you, you could have broken the sword and ended the confrontation."

Rai shook his head with an incomprehensible face. She has a degree of salting, is she making fun of herself now?

However, I couldn't feel the emotion of provocation from Lian's expression.

'Could this bastard be serious?'

Rai looked back at Clump.

"What happened? Didn't you tell Lian?"

"Hey, what are you going to do? I took it away like a stray cat. I haven't even decided on a successor. He said he opened the schema, and that was pure bullshit."

Rai snorted at the natural lie.

"You didn't mean to give it to me anyway, did you?"

"Ah, even though I don't really need it."

"Sheesh!"

Lian interrupted when a story that only he did not know was being exchanged.

"What are you talking about? answer me quickly Why didn't you try the swordsman?"

As if it was annoying, Rai turned around and headed for the exit of the gymnasium.

"Don't ask me, ask your grandfather. What a mess. The swordsman didn't even know what he was fighting with."

Raina followed Rai.

"Are you really going to leave today?"

"No, I am going to sleep. I feel tired. Serve the meal to my room."

At Rai's negligence, Lian raised his ax eye and pointed.

"Hey! Where? Why didn't you use the sword? Don't embarrass people and tell me quickly!"

'There must be no medicine for the stupid.'

Ignoring the cry of Lian chasing him from behind, Rai was lost in thought.

In the Ogent family, black hair and blue hair descended at the same time.

Why didn't Grandpa give him a greatsword?

When I was young, I thought I was defending Lian because I had the same blue hair. However, through today's confrontation, it seemed that he could now vaguely understand.

At least the owner of the sword was Lian.



* * *



Shirone and Tess decided to stay the night at Raina's mansion.

The three of them gathered in Lian's room and resolved their six-year-long friendship. The biggest issue was Amy's failing graduation exam.

"By the way, how is Amy? She must have been heartbroken."

They were the ones who heard the news of Amy's rejection at the Spirit Journal. He was dealing with a shocking article about the genius of the Karmis family who was eliminated at the beginning of the graduation exam.

"yes. I was depressed for a while, but I'm fine now. There will definitely be different results in the exam next year."

"but. If it's Amy, she'll overcome enough. I want to see. It was really fun then."

Lian also recalled what happened in heaven. Realizing divine transcendence while fighting Ymir was an important turning point in his life.

"Amy is well qualified to be a wizard. Please tell me I'm rooting for you. I will personally visit you for the next graduation exam and give you a lot of energy."

A year later, Shirone would also take the graduation exam, so Lian couldn't be left out of such a position.

"I envy you. i can't go Swordsmanship school ends later than magic school. Would I rather quit? I will practice with Lian."

Lian waved his hand and said.

"What is the point of dropping out of a cadet competing for primacy at a swordsmanship academy? You should graduate with dignity."

"But to think that you are gone is so empty. I really want to follow you."

When Tess looked like she was going to cry at any moment, Lian hurriedly looked for something to change the subject. Then she found the sword Shirone had parked beside her desk and asked.

"By the way, Shirone, are you wearing a sword?"

"Oh, I got that as a gift."

Shirone talked about what happened in Kazura. It was easy to understand the object because Lian and Tess also experienced going to heaven.

Intrigued by them, Shirone started the demonstration herself.

First of all, he performed a feat with rated control, and then activated Geumgang Armament. As the sword engulfed Shirone, an organic robe encircled him in an instant.

Even the bold Lian couldn't keep his mouth shut at the eerie yet powerful figure. Tess asked, pointing at the float in the air.

"By the way, what is this marble?"

"It's a magic power calculator. Because it replaces the technique of time-division, calculations become much faster. And here, the crystal ball of the gauntlet is a magic amplifying device. By using these two things, you can expand the range of magic operations."

"I see. It's very interesting. There are objects with such complex functions."

Armand was a weapon that could tempt any swordsman. But his friends showed no interest beyond interest. For those who embraced the Sword of Faith, no object would be more than a tool.

'It would be nice if Lian could handle Armand.'

Knight training is on a different level from swordsmanship classes.

The world doesn't give Lian a systematic level of difficulty. He could take down any number of third-rate gangsters or robbers, but those who stood out among the criminals were skilled enough to have a hard time even in the kingdom.

In that respect, Armand, which augments the user's body functions and has self-defense, would surely be helpful.

However, unlike Dante's case, the demonic sword did not respond to Lian.

Although Armand provides an optimal combat environment for all users, a high level of tactical understanding and complex system control are essential to achieve 100% efficiency.

It was difficult to handle Armand's functions perfectly with Lian's straight and chaotic tendency, and Armand seemed to be aware of that fact.

'No matter how much it is a sword, it really looks like a knife.'

But Lian never dreamed of relying on anything. His confidence skyrocketed after his fight with Rye.

"No need to worry! Because I'm just starting out! Starting today, we will achieve an undefeated record!"

Seeing Lian proudly beating her chest, Shirone smiled heartily.

he was fire One day, it will come back to you as a huge fire that will burn the world.



That night.

Lian was moaning as he curled up under the covers.

The aftermath of the divine transcendence did not end with the first round. Rather, the time when the most excruciating pain came was at night when the body was recovering its function.

"Huh! Whoops!"

A moan leaked from his throat, but he kept it up by biting on his pillow.

I couldn't let Shirone, who was sleeping next to me, notice the pain. More than anything else, the anxiety that he would never be able to bear it again if he let go of his evil here weighed down on him.

His face was covered with cold sweat and he was out of focus. Still, Lian stared terribly into the darkness of the night and endured her pain.

'thank god. I'm really glad we won.'

If he had lost to Rai in front of Shirone, he would have fallen into abyss and not been able to do anything for a while.

Clearly, Rai was strong. In terms of technical perfection alone, it could be called a genius.

But it was by no means an impassable wall.

'Narrowed down. It's definitely narrowed down.'

You can never expect the same result to come out if you face it again, but there were definitely parts that surpassed him in some areas. As much as he could do for himself.

'you can do it. I didn't choose the wrong path.'

Just the fact that it was not an unreachable distance made Lian feel happy. Even as her body trembled in pain, laughter leaked from her throat.

"Hehehe, hehehehe."

A night of pain and pleasure was passing by.

=======================================
[354] Prosecutor's Faith (6)





After staying at the mansion for a day, Shirone headed to the restaurant with Lian and Tess. Clump was sitting at the table of honor and reading the newspaper, while Raina was busy preparing the dishes.

Shirone rubbed her sleepy eyes and nodded.

"Good morning."

"OK. Let's have breakfast."

Lian, who sat in a chair while stroking her hungry stomach, asked Reina.

"What about Rai?"

"I left early in the morning. Did you know that he is an idle unemployed like you?"

As always, it started with a joke, but this time the horse had bones. As an older sister, the fact that her youngest brother was leaving for knight training couldn't help but bother her.

"Sheesh, it's only been a day since I dropped out! And I'll just have breakfast and leave right away."

Reina said as she put the chicken stew on her plate.

"Take a few days off. Shirone came too."

Shirone said while carrying the plate.

"No. I have to go back soon."

I had a promise with Kang Nan, so I couldn't talk about the details. Above all, he himself was wondering why the president of the association was looking for him.

Since it was the day Lian left, there was a very pious atmosphere. However, the person in charge, Lian, gobbled up three plates of chicken stew and packed up as if in a hurry.

The only thing I could do with my luggage was simple clothes and a backpack containing a day's worth of food. Wearing a leather scabbard and sticking a greatsword behind his back, he approached Clump in the living room.

"grandfather."

"Okay, are you ready?"

There is only one thing left to say that the preparations are over.

The fact that he had won against Rai would give him great courage in his future journey. However, there was one thing that had to be pointed out clearly.

"What did Rai say yesterday?"

Klumph took his mouth off the cup he was drinking from and looked up at Lian.

"Why didn't you try the swordsman? Grandpa knows."

"Ah, that."

Clump licked his lips and lowered the teacup.

I had been putting it off, fearing that it would sound empty, but since I was leaving for knight training, it wouldn't matter if I told her.

"The sword you are wearing is not an ordinary object. Have you ever heard of an object?"

"Oh, an object?"

Lian widened her eyes and drew out her greatsword. My heart skipped a beat as the features of Rated Control and Diamond Armament that Shirone had demonstrated last night passed quickly through my head.

Shirone and Tess also heard the story and came out to the living room and paid attention to the bayonet. It was a sword that could not find any special features other than emphasizing its chaotic shape.

Lian raised his greatsword vertically and looked up.

"You mean this was an object? So you didn't destroy it? What abilities do you have?"

Clump crossed his arms and crossed his legs.

"The official name of that sword is <idea>. His name is as great as his ability. To put it bluntly, <Idea> is... in any situation... ... ."

"Even under circumstances?"

Clump raised his eyes fiercely and said clearly.

"Indestructible."

Silence fell in the living room.

"That and?"

"yes? what is drawing is it not destroyed? Whether it falls into lava, cuts it with a saw, or hits it with a hammer, it won't break as much as a fingernail. Isn't it amazing?"

In a sense, it could be said to be the prosecutor's romance. However, compared to Armand, which has dozens of functions, it was true that it was so simple that it collapsed.

"Uh, that... ... awesome It's incredibly amazing, but it's still an object. If the sword is destroyed, can't we just buy a new one?"

"Stupid. Do you know how important weapon durability is in real combat? Just yesterday's confrontation, if it wasn't for <Idea>, the battle would have been much more difficult."

Even Lian admitted that. No, looking back, I had already been saved by <Idea>. It was the moment when he blocked Ymir's straight punches.

Even the steel-made Cigna and Xd were crumpled like paper, but they couldn't destroy Lian's greatsword. If not for <Idea>, Ymir's fist would have pierced her sword and shattered Nagarian's body.

"Anyway, it's that kind of sword. It's not like Rai didn't try swordsmanship. that didn't work Rai really wanted it when he was little."

Lian pursed his lips. He can boast that he has become a fairly confident swordsman now, but even when he was young, Rai was the pride of his family.

"Sheesh, then I'll give it to Rai. Why did you keep it until now?"

"He hates clunkiness. It won't fit."

I asked with some expectation, but the answer that came back was different from what I expected.

When Lian's expression turned even more hateful, Clump tore his mouth and laughed.

"Hey, what did you expect? Did you think I prepared it especially for you?"

"Who said what? Mind reading that doesn't even work."

Clump pretended not to, but Shirone could have predicted it.

Rai probably really wanted <idea>. Aside from her function, it was a great honor to inherit the sword of the previous patriarch. However, the sword was passed on to Lian.

Even so, taking it as a joke must be the heart of a grandfather who does not want to burden his grandson.

"In the meantime, shall we tell you an anecdote related to <Idea>?"

"yes? Do you have an anecdote?"

Lian showed interest with his eyes shining. Even if he grumbled, he didn't seem to hate <Idea>'s unique ability.

"then. When I was young, I went to practice swordsmanship just like you. At that time, I single-handedly subdued a group of bandits. It was quite strong. I was annihilated, but I also received a fatal wound before death. I came down the mountain with my injured body. However, a strange village appeared that was not even on the map. It wasn't much different from other villages, but strangely, people were quiet and sullen."

Shirone and the others held their breath and immersed themselves in Clump's story. It was a story about a fateful encounter between a person who later became a general of Tormia and an object.

"There, I met an old man and his granddaughter, and I was able to save my life by dying. When I came to my senses, the sword wound was completely healed. He does not know how he was treated. However, what remained in my hazy consciousness were words like a spell that I repeated countless times. Smille, Smile, and so on."

Lian, who was muttering in his mouth, asked again.

"Smille? What does that mean?"

"I don't know. It could have been some kind of spell, or some kind of magic. Anyway, the old man seems to have been chanting those words all night long. So he came to his senses and looked around the town. There was an antique shop. It was a store full of strange things. The most impressive thing was that they were selling glass bottles of smoke. I asked what it was for, but the owner wouldn't tell me."

From now on, as if to get to the point, Clump sipped tea and moistened his mouth.

"Then I saw a greatsword hanging over the counter. That is the <idea> that you are wearing. I recognized at a glance that it was no ordinary sword. Then, as if possessed by something, it approached the owner."

Lian swallowed his saliva with a hard expression on his face.

"That, so?"

Clump blinked and said indifferently.

"yes? So what? Of course I paid for it and bought it."

As the tension turned to a sense of collapse, the last word came out of Lian's mouth.

"Are you kidding me?"

Clump furrowed his right eyebrow as if he didn't like it.

"What is it, man? You said you wanted to hear an anecdote?"

Lian scratched his head.

I was beaten by my grandfather again. Would it be all that fun to make fun of an 18-year-old grandson?

"You were just nervous. I thought I had gone through something strange that transcended life and death again."

"Puhahahaha! Am I crazy, risking my life for something like a sword? Lian, take note. The true sword is to be grasped with the heart, not the hand. Anyway, I made a big decision and bought it. Treat it with respect."

"Sheesh. sounds like an idiot. By the way, if it was a big decision, how much did you give it? Anyway, it's an object, so I'm guessing it's roughly 2 million gold?"

"it? 80 million gold."

Clink! Lian threw his greatsword to the ground.

"Damn it! Crazy! Just buy a sword that doesn't break for 80 million? I'll buy hundreds of famous swords with that money!"

"It's an object, man! And they say I live with my money, but what are you, meddling? If you're going to treat me like that, give it back! Give me 80 million to take it!"

"I do not like it! If you said you'd give it to me, it's over. Now come and pay for it!"

Lian hurriedly picked up the greatsword and held it in his arms.

"Where is the swordsman who throws his sword on the floor? That sword is too much for you! Hang it in my room right now!"

"why? Do you think it might break? At some point, I heard that you hold it with a true black heart!"

Shirone and Tess watched the argument with bewildered expressions.

"... ... They are two very similar people."

"Yeah."

After arguing for a while, they stopped talking as if they were tired.

In the end, Lian was the winner. Putting his greatsword back into the scabbard, he tightened his leather strap tighter than usual, as if telling Clump to look.

After a while, Clump thought of something and smiled.

This is the moment I've been waiting for for 18 years. Seeing it with his own eyes made the old man's heart tighten.

'The more I look, the more I resemble me.'

Although he had almost no talent for swordsmanship, he had decided that the owner of <Idea> would be Lian from the beginning.

I didn't pay 80 million gold because the function was good. A sword that never breaks. Wouldn't that be the belief most suitable for the Ogent family?

And at this moment, all of his philosophy was conveyed to Lian through <Idea>.

'But it's really strange. I went back after paying 80 million gold, but the village had disappeared without a trace.'

Of course, if the amount of 80 million gold had come into the mountain village, the whole village could have moved to find a good place to live.

However, there was also a subtle feeling that I couldn't tell Lian.

Maybe he was fatally wounded and had just collapsed in the mountains, and that the month-long period of traveling back and forth between the village and the house was actually walking in a dream in a trance.

In any case, it was one of the most incomprehensible events in Klumph's life. Also, with the realization of that day, he went on a winning streak and eventually rose to the position of a general, a certified third-class prosecutor.

"Grandpa, then I'll come back."

Lian changed his expression before he knew it and said goodbye with burning eyes.

"yes. The most important thing is to protect you. Keep in mind that victory isn't always what you get in a real fight."

It was said that it is better to avoid fights that can be avoided.

Taking his grandfather's advice to heart, Lian bowed with sincerity.

'Thank you, Grandpa. Thank you for trusting my ugly grandson to the end.'

Lian left the mansion while being seen off by family and friends. A carriage was waiting at the front door.

Lian, who looked at the carriage for a while and thought about her destination, made up her mind and turned to Shirone.

"Shirone, work hard. Even though I dropped out, I just think I graduated first."

"yes. Take care of yourself too. Keep in touch often."

Lian looked back at Tess, who was in tears. She had endured so far, but when it was time to leave for real, she couldn't contain her drumming emotions.

Lian gave a friendly smile. She is a woman with a lot of affection unlike a prosecutor, but she liked Tess like that. One day, the day will come when you will stand face to face with her.

"Tess, I'll be back."

"Bad child. Not even discussing a word... ... ."

"sorry. I was short-tempered."

Tess understood Lian's choice. He was the one who should be understood more than anyone else. However, on the other hand, he was also angry with himself for not being able to savagely reject such an indifferent man.

"Finally, bear with me. If you treat me this coldly the next time you come back, then... ... ."

Lian hugged Tess with her broad chest.

"I will come back stronger."

Tess pursed her lips and held back the tears that were about to spill.

'You don't have to be strong. If only I could come back alive... ... .'

Then he said while gently stroking Lian's back.

"yes. Be sure to come back stronger."

After greeting everyone like that, Lian climbed into the carriage. He never looked back, as was his nature to run looking forward.

After the carriage started, the four men felt like the men's space was empty. That was Lian's presence.

Shirone prayed while looking at the carriage moving away.

'Come back as a great swordsman, Lian. I'll work hard too.'

May Lian's future be prosperous.

=======================================
[355] Magic Association (1)





Leaving Reina's mansion, Shirone caught a carriage to the Magic Association.

Due to Lian dropping out and leaving the knight training, the schedule came earlier than expected. He could have stayed at Leina's mansion for a day or so, but he chose to go to the Association.

The embers that Lian left behind lit a fire in everyone's hearts. Tess went home, saying that she was going to start training right away, and Shirone also wanted to soak up the energy of the Magic Association, her favorite child of magic.

Arriving at the association building, Shirone finds Fleur at the information desk. The receptionist spoke on the extension line, and the flu came down five minutes later.

When she saw Shirone, she immediately frowned. She was out of Kang Nan Island just in time, so no one noticed her.

"Why are you back already? He pretended to be very busy and did it all by himself."

"The work was over early. May I stay here?"

Fleur's gaze toward Shirone was unstoppable. You don't even look embarrassed and ask me to put you to bed.

This place was a magic association with a grandiose name, but it was not a place to stay for children who had no place to go.

However, since I was instructed by Kang Nan, I couldn't bluntly refuse. First of all, because there were many eyes, Fleur took Shirone to the 3rd floor, the exclusive area.

"The chief secretary specifically requested and took care of it, but you have to follow my words from now on. If you disobey my instructions or wander around recklessly, then I will release you. okay?"

"Ah yes."

From the start, Fleur's harsh attitude puzzled Shirone. She hadn't done anything wrong to her, but it wasn't her kind eyes from the first time they met.

"Okay, you can stay here."

Flew gave him a lodging house where he used to work overtime. In the small square room, there were bunk beds against the walls on both sides.

Shirone noticed and unpacked his luggage. However, without even having time to undress, Fleur called out.

"Follow. I'll give you a tour."

Flew held the magic wand behind his back and walked down the hallway with a straight-knee gait. His chin was up in the air about 15 degrees.

"First, let me introduce myself. I'm Rabid Flu. twenty-two years old He graduated from the Royal Magic School at the top of his class and is currently a certified 8th class wizard. Of course, in two years it will be 6th grade. My current position is the 3rd floor manager of the Security Department of the Magic Association."

"Oh, I see. I am... ... ."

The moment Shirone was about to introduce herself, she stopped and turned coldly.

"I know. Ariane Shirone. Attending Alpheas Magic School. He can use ataraxia, the archangel's ability, and his specialty is light magic. Unlocker's unique battery grants mass."

Shirone was dumbfounded. The person who didn't even know his face on the first day knew about himself in one day. The most questionable thing was that the attitude towards himself was too harsh.

"Is there a student named Dante at your school? You transferred schools a while ago."

"Yes. Do you know Dante?"

"Why should I know Dante?"

"Ah, I just went to the Royal Magic School, Dante too... ... ."

Seeing Fleur's fierce gaze, Shirone naturally felt intimidated. She didn't know what to say to make her happy.

"When I was in my senior year, Dante was a distant junior. I know you beat Dante. But if you're only going to put that much weight on your shoulders, you'd better quit. If I were only three years younger, the first place in the kingdom would have been mine, not you."

'I've never had to strain my shoulders... ... .'

Shirone held back the words that rose to his throat. Whatever he said, it seemed that he would never get a good answer.

Fleur patrolled the third floor, guiding the department in his spare time. Even her gray-stained guards bowed her heads as if they saw her. Whenever that happened, she only briefly nodded her head in a stately posture.

Flew was trying to show the side of a successful wizard. In the end, what he said was a field trip, but in reality it was a process of training Shirone by revealing his position.

Just then, a sweaty, unkempt man walked from the end of the hallway wearing papers. Tension was momentarily revealed on Fleur's confident face.

"Hello, Sakiri-sama. Good morning."

Shirone looked closely at the face of the man called Sakiri.

'That person must be Sakiri.'

When Alpheas and Canis were summoned to the Association after the Arcane Incident was over, the name of the investigator in charge of them was Sakiri.

He looked like a tired old man, but his eyes were sharper than those of anyone Shirone had ever met.

"yes. But who is next to you? It's the first face I've ever seen."

"Oh, I am on a field trip. As part of a special activity."

Flew covered it up with lies.

Since the Magic Association is a key institution of the Kingdom Wizard Society, numerous students apply for field trips. Maybe that's why Sakiri just nodded and walked away.

Fleur took a small breath and looked at Shirone. The atmosphere, which had been stiffly held up until now, was reversed, and an awkward air flow flowed.

"Just now, that person is Sakiri-san, a certified 5th-class wizard. He's a very famous person in the Inspection Department. He can't even take a bone out of any criminal he gets caught."

"Ah yes. I have heard of it."

"yes? Hmm."

Flew smiled satisfied for the first time. It was revealed that he was working with someone he knew even a mediocre magic school student, so the hurt feelings he had earlier had recovered to some extent.

'Now I have a rough idea of ??how to treat them.'

With that thought in mind, Shirone was licking his lips when a man got off from the platform at the back of the hallway.

As he approached after seeing Fleur, his eyes lit up with interest when he saw Shirone.

"Flu, is that a Shirone?"

Fleur greeted her with a flash of color.

"Ah, Mr. Gando. hello."

The man's name is Klein Gando. He is a member of the Old Guard, just like Flew.

As a battle wizard proficient in electric magic as much as his nickname of Gando of Thunder, his title was the Magic Association Guard Captain and his rank was a certified 4th grade.

He was tall, wearing tight leather pants and studded boots. She tucked her purple hair back and let only one strand fall down. He looked like he would have fluttered quite a bit when he was young, but on the other hand, he looked good like an angel.

Fleur led Shirone to Gando.

"The chief secretary asked me to manage it. Hey, say hello."

Gando held out his hand first.

"I see. nice to meet. My name is Gando."

"uh? hello."

Shirone, who was about to lower his head, shook hands hurriedly when his hand came in.

Gando smiled and said as soon as it became a ridiculous posture of greeting and shaking hands at the same time.

"Yes, you are much younger than I thought. I thought it would be a scary impression."

'Is my image like that?'

It was a fact unknown to Shirone, who had rarely left Tormia. However, when I recall the contents published in the academic journal, I thought that such misunderstandings could arise.

"Are you on regular patrol?"

"yes. It's spinning from the top floor. How about the 3rd floor? Are you all right?"

"Yes. As always, ho-ho-ho!"

Flew covered his mouth and laughed with the pride of being the manager of the third floor.

"yes. Kang Nan seems to have received a call from the president of the association. Maybe he'll be back together by tomorrow or so. Know that and be at ease."

"thank you."

Seeing Gando's good impression and consideration, Shirone felt like a chimney wanting to tell her, 'This older sister is bothering me', but knowing that it would be a loss anyway, she kept it in her heart.

When Gando headed back to the elevator, Fleur's expression changed suddenly with a smile on his face. Then he became a shrew again and started rambling on Shirone.

"He is the one who oversees the Magic Association security. In other words, you are my direct supervisor. It's Gando of Thunder, have you heard the name?"

He thought that if he knew Sakiri, he would of course also know Gando of Thunder.

"Ah yes. I heard."

In fact, it was the first name I had heard of Shirone. I wouldn't have known Sakiri's name if a major incident hadn't happened at Alpheas Magic School. But in this case, it would be better to say that you know unconditionally.

Fleur was satisfied with Shirone's compliant attitude.

Thinking that this was the end of her tempering, she slowly brought up the story she had kept in her heart.

"I know why the association president wants to meet you. Is it something related to heaven?"

"... ... ."

Shirone was serious and kept his mouth shut. Even if he was the person Kang Nan trusted and entrusted to him, he had to keep his security.

As his eyes sharpened, even Flu could not be treated carelessly this time. Even though he thought that he was not going to be easy, he was offended by the suspicion that the appearance he had so far was not a pretense.

"Anyway, it is my role to assist the president of the association. I will definitely go to heaven So I hope you won't be flattered just because you were invited."

I've never been conceited, and I never even thought about it. But now, with these words, I could roughly guess where Flew's containment came from.

"You seem to respect the president of the association."

Flew's expression fluttered like a fish freshly pulled from the sea.

"of course! The Sakiri-sama and Gando-sama I just met are great people, but to be honest, they're nothing compared to Mikea Gaold."

"I guess so. He is a certified first-class archmage."

"Ho-ho-ho!"

A tear welled up in Flew's mocking laugh.

"You really don't know anything. Listen carefully. Currently, there are 4 1st class archmages in the kingdom of Tormia. However, the position of president of the Magic Association is not simply about being strong. It is a position dealing with high-ranking officials, so you need to have political power and good skills. Then why was Gaold-sama chosen as the president of the association?"

Shirone pondered. However, the answer didn't come out right away because I couldn't get a sense of what level it was to be a first-class archmage.

"Well, are you competent in many ways?"

Flew shook her head.

"No, rather the opposite. Not just strong, but too strong."

"Too... ... Are you strong?"

"yes. Because he has an overwhelming strength that sets him apart from other first-class archmages, he is able to keep his position as president of the Association while bearing the stigma of being a madman. Power first! As a battle mage, it is an idol and an ideal for me. So how could I not respect you?"

Hearing Flew speak, he was a much greater person than I had vaguely imagined. The more he did, the more he wondered why such a person was looking for him.

Flew turned around and said without regret.

"Anyway, I have to go back to work, so I'm going to my inn until dinner. The tour is over, so don't wander around without my permission."

"ah! there... ... ."

When Shirone called urgently, Fleur turned around and looked back.

"before you go in... ... Can't we just take the elevator once?"

Flew looked at Shirone and smiled. However, he soon returned to his cold face and spoke briefly with his lips twisted.

"no."

Shirone stared blankly at her as she walked away.

"What did I do wrong?"



* * *



The next morning dawned bright after leaving for a boring day that was no different from prison life. Shirone overslept because of her friend. She couldn't even take a step until Fleur went to work anyway.

As I closed my eyes a little longer, I heard a bustle from outside. In a hazy mind, Fleur burst through the door and screamed.

"Hey, newbie! Are you still sleeping?"

Shirone opened her eyes and stood up.

"Oh, hello... ... ."

"I'm completely out of it! Do you think this is your bedroom? Won't you wake up soon?"

Now, Shirone is starting to get annoyed.

"Hey, what am I going to do when I wake up?"

"Of course it is. Then you did it to eat and sleep for free? Today, follow me and assist me. I'll give you 10 minutes, so wash up quickly and come out!"

Shirone felt as if she had been bombed while sleeping. Faced with a morning that was difficult for him to come to his senses, his upper body slowly tilted and he collapsed back into bed.

But in the end, I couldn't hold on for 10 seconds and curled up and got out of bed.

"Aw, that's too much to do."

=======================================
[356] Magic Association (2)





When I got ready and left the door, the guards stood in a line in front of Fleur. Shirone hesitated, then slipped into the back of his row and stood up.

As if that was the answer, Fleur glanced at Shirone and instructed her about her daily routine.

"This is the Magic Association, the cradle of kingdom magic. There are great wizards working, but there are many criminals and the risk of terrorism is high. Let's protect the 3rd floor today with iron-clad security so that not a single ant can enter. remember The Magic Association is the power of the country."

Flew studied the faces of the guards and shouted.

"Then let's disperse to our respective positions!"

When the guards dispersed to the area in charge, only Shirone was left in the hallway. Flew called out, flicking his fingers, and turned him around.

"You follow me. From now on, our job is to patrol and manage facilities. If there's anyone suspicious, they're going to check it out. If you don't have a registration certificate approved by the Association, you can arrest him right away."

It was a great authority even for Shirone to hear, but on the other hand, it seemed that there were very few suspicious people going in and out of the World Magic Association.

As expected, Flew's words were nothing more than threats. From what she watched for an hour or so, she had very little to do. She was greeted by the guards or when something small happened, she just watched and then went on patrol again.

'Isn't it perfectly comfortable?'

I wondered if the so-called iron rice bowl was such a job.

Of course, he didn't know that the reason the job became so easy was because generations of outstanding wizards had passed through this place.

At that moment, the lamp on the ceiling rotated and lit a red light. The siren sounded for about 3 seconds, then the noise stopped with a pop as if someone had blocked the device.

Nervous Shirone looked around. Flew, on the other hand, stood indifferently and waited for someone.

A guard came running from the corner of the hallway. However, his expression was not particularly tense.

"Here, Chief of Security."

"What happen? Sirens go off."

"that is... ... The board of the horsepower controller overheated and burned the internal circuitry. I have contacted the maintenance team now."

Almost all districts of the Magic Association limit magic through magic control devices. It is said that it does not work if you become a second-class wizard due to technical limitations, but that alone can prevent most terrorism, and it is also effective in reducing damage from occasional clashes between employees.

"Hmm, that keeps getting me into trouble. hey follow me Let's go."

When Flew arrived at the engine room, alchemists and wizards were tearing down the walls and working hard.

Shirone looked at the board of the magic control device with interest. It was a technology that had been introduced to the Magic School's 2,000th system, but it was the first time seeing the internal circuitry.

As expected, the essence of precise magic engineering was concentrated. Shirone is now at the level of entering the graduating class, but even so, he has not been able to properly analyze the circuit.

Flew approached the maintenance team and asked.

"How are you? Do you think it will be fixed?"

"Ah, Mr. Flew. This is going to take some time. The board is completely burned out. Come to think of it, this is already the third time this year. It looks like there's something wrong with the sub-adjustment device, but I think I'll have to tear it out completely."

Flu was also deeply concerned that the magic control of the third floor, which he was in charge of, was not working properly.

"I have already made a suggestion to the upper management. I think I will probably replace it with a new one during maintenance this quarter, but in the meantime, how can I not do it as a temporary measure?"

No matter how strong the Magic Association is, gaps are not tolerated. The fact that the magic control device was broken meant that there was a serious hole in the security on the 3rd floor, so it was not something to be overlooked.

"If we repair it, we will be able to last another month. However, the Mutol has also melted and the Janes device needs to be replaced as well. However, since this is a non-supply item, the association does not have it in stock. You have to claim it."

"Hmm, but it's too late to claim... ... ."

Flew thought, biting her nails.

The magic control device was also a matter related to security, so it was under her jurisdiction. Usually, even non-supply items are left in stock, but since it was on the 18th floor, the first person to use it was the owner.

Fleur turned to Shirone. After watching his face for a long time as he studied her board with her blank expression, she finally made up her mind and spoke to her.

"Hey you."

"Yes? Me?"

Flew wiggled his fingers to indicate that he should come. As Shirone approached, she took her to a corner of the engine room and spoke in a low voice so that the maintenance team could not hear her.

"Run one of my errands."

"If it's an errand... ... ."

"Ask for a carriage to go to Gold Street. If you turn right at the central fountain there, you'll find the Achim Alchemy Company right away, right? That's the association's designated business partner. Go in there and get a few things."

Flew took a notebook out of her inside pocket and wrote down the names of classmates. Then, after tearing the paper to make a clicking sound, he handed it to Shirone.

Holding the note in her hand, Shirone read the unfamiliar names one by one. It's a simple errand, but I was a little worried because I'm not familiar with this kind of thing.

"Okay, I'll go for a while. But how do I pay?"

"You can't pay. At the end of the month, the association makes a lump sum payment. Now, just show me this."

Fleur handed Shirone the employee ID he was wearing around his neck. It had a serial number written on it, and next to the name Ravid Pluu, the official rank of 8th grade was inscribed in bronze.

The picture was from two years ago when she had just joined the company, but she was wearing big blind glasses, so I couldn't find her now.

A red-faced Fleur opened her ax eye and shouted.

"Hey! Why are you looking at other people's photos like that? Can't you put it in sooner?"

"Oh, sorry."

Shirone quickly put her employee ID in her inner pocket.

For a woman, some pictures are like fear, so Fleur also felt regret. But it was already spilled water.

'Oh really. I should have changed it right away.'

I had thought of replacing the picture for a long time, but it was a problem that I completely forgot it after a while because I was overwhelmed with work.

Embarrassed, Fleur cleared her throat and touched Shirone's clothes.

"Anyway, it went well. Don't just wear it just to get in shape, put it in your pocket unconditionally. Magic Association employee ID is not something anyone can wear."

Shirone also knew the importance of the Magic Association employee card.

More than 90% of the Kingdom's accredited institutions are open and more than 60% of the Red Line affiliated facilities can be used free of charge with the same color staff card. In addition, it can exercise the authority to arrest and prosecute all classes except the royal family within a specific area, and can carry out the duties of eavesdropping, wiretapping, infiltration, special attack, and special missions without restrictions at the request of the state agency when inspecting the territory.

From the outside, it's just a common plastic card, but inside it's quantum cryptography code is integrated, making duplication impossible.

I felt like my body was getting stiff when I had a card with such great authority. After putting her hand into his pocket once again to check his employee ID, Shirone finally nodded.

"Yes. I'll be careful."

Shirone turned around and left the Magic Association. It was a chance to ride the elevator of his dreams, but he used the familiar stairs because he was nervous about running an unfamiliar errand.

Upon arriving at Gold Street by carriage, numerous shops were arranged in concentric circles. The road stretched in eight directions, and each area handled different items.

The text Alchemy Street was written on the central sign. After following the arrow to the right, there was a building that looked like it had been enlarged 5 times the size of a regular building.

'Here it is, Achim Alchemy Co.'

When I opened the door and entered, there were eight rows of shelves 20 meters long. None of the items on the shelf were the same, and most of them didn't even know how to use them, even Shirone, a student at Magic School.

'If Nade came, his eyes would have gone back. I'll have to come and see you after graduation.'

The counter was placed furthest from the entrance. There were about 20 guests, and in the corner, alchemists were sitting on seats and examining dozens of items.

The person guarding the counter was a young man with an intelligent impression. Seeing that he was reading a book called 'Soft Intermediate', he seemed to be either an alchemist or a wannabe.

"Hey, I have something to ask you."

As Shirone approached, the man closed the book and stood up.

"Yes, what are you looking for?"

"I am from the Magic Association. Do you have anything like this?"

Shirone put down the note Flew had written on the counter and held it out. Looking at the type and number of objects, it seemed impossible to explain anyway.

The man glanced at the items written on the note and quickly figured it out.

"Looks like the magic control device has overheated. I'll find it for you. By the way, can I check your employee ID? Transactions with the Association are due at the end of the month."

"Ah yes. Here you go."

Shirone took out Fleur's employee ID.

The man went under the counter and put his card on the reader. A beep sound followed by an approval sign. The man returned the employee ID to Shirone and said.

"Yes, thank you for checking. Please wait."

The man carried a thin metal box and went around the shelves to put things in it. Some of the alchemy ingredients were difficult to handle, so he couldn't put them anywhere.

While waiting, Shirone snapped her fingers on the counter and hummed and looked around. Then, when I turned to the alchemy book, the two men wearing black hoods quickly turned their heads.

'what? Why are you wearing a hood? Are those people wizards too?'

Shirone looked a little further, but the two no longer showed any particular behavior and disappeared over the ledge on the other side, pretending to be looking for something.

Escaping from Shirone's gaze, they entered a corner where there were no people. The man standing on the right whispered in a low voice.

"Damn it, you're from the Magic Association. What do we do? It seems wrong to work here."

"There are risks involved in completing a revolution. Let's just do it here."

"But if we fail, we cannot save our brothers. Don't do that, let's move. Let's go to the Gold Tower. You created an infiltration route just in case of this."

"Sheesh, I can't. That's where I was going to save it until the end."

Hood's figures quietly left the Alchemy Chamber.



Shirone waited for about 5 minutes at the counter. The man who had collected everything returned and put the metal box on the counter and held it out. There were various types, but it was surprisingly small, so it didn't seem heavy.

"Here is the stuff. Delivery is also available, but will only arrive after 5pm. If you are in a hurry, you can take it now."

"Then I'll just take it. It doesn't look very heavy."

"But please be careful with handling. There are things that are sensitive to shocks."

"Yes, I will be careful."

Shirone carefully carried the box as if holding a newborn baby and left the store. He didn't know how careful handling was to be safe, so he moved with the utmost care.

Coming out to the main road, he looked around for a carriage.

Just then, a loud, loud bang erupted from across the block. The ground made a leap forward, and a terrifying scream rushed in like a tidal wave.

"what?"

Between the numerous alleys, people ran out to the main road. The faces of those standing in the forefront were terrified, and the shock from earlier was still engraved in their half-dilated pupils.

"Terror! Gold City exploded!"

"terror?"

Shirone looked up at the smoke rising sky.

A terrorist attack in Baska, the capital of the kingdom. It's something I couldn't even imagine.

Citizens' reactions were varied. Most of them were frowning while looking toward the Gold Tower, but busy people were swearing and urging their way.

=======================================
[357] Magic Association (3)





'I don't think this situation is rarer than expected. What do we do? Should I go?'

Terrorism against civilians was a serious crime, so the kingdom would respond immediately. There would be nothing I could do about it if I went to the scene of the incident, but I didn't like the aftertaste of ignoring it and going back to the association.

Crowds of people who fled for the second time rushed from the side of the main road. The sound of them shouting as they passed allowed Shirone to know a little more about the situation.

"It's the Black Revolution! They're holding hostages and holding a sit-in in Gold City!"

"damn. All in all, they're crazy people who don't care."

"What is the anti-terrorism unit doing? Have you not contacted me yet?"

The sound overflowed, but no one headed for the Gold Tower.

It was natural, and it had to be. There was nothing ordinary people could do about terrorists, so it was better to leave it to the experts.

'What should I do?'

A magic school student is not an expert. However, he was not so unprofessional that he only sucked his fingers when people died.

Words came from among the people standing on the sidewalk watching the smoke.

"Serious children. This time, it's probably to get your comrades released. I'll kill all the hostages if I don't subdue them quickly. Three people have died before."

Shirone's heart tilted to one side little by little.

'I'll have to go and figure out the situation.'

You can protect your body by yourself, so it would be right to go and see it.

As a person who was at the scene of the incident, he was in a position where he could respond early, and even as a student, he was a combatant who had enough practical experience in his own way.

Having made up her mind, Shirone ran to where the smoke was rising. Then, people standing on the sidewalk watching him shouted when they saw him driving the wrong way down the road.

"Hey, kid! don't go there! It's a terror zone!"

Shirone stopped walking. But he did not listen to the citizens. The box rattled and I couldn't run fast. It's okay to throw it away and go, but he couldn't even lose the association's items while he was simply going to figure out the situation.

"Eh, I don't know!"

Shirone made up her mind and cast teleportation. As it turned into a flash of light and raced through the air, all the people watching looked up at the sky and opened their eyes wide.

"What, what? Are you a wizard?"



* * *



The terrorist incident was quickly taken up by the kingdom's key authorities.

The Magic Association was no exception. When news spread that the Black Revolutionary Corps had blown up the Gold Tower, the Association also moved quickly.

An official letter of cooperation came from the Kingdom Security Office, and the association also sent a reply saying that they would provide all possible support.

However, the information was not delivered directly to the certified 8th level wizard. Flew was still in the engine room on the third floor, watching the maintenance of the horsepower control unit. But he thought it was noisy outside.

"What's going on? You are working for a moment."

When I opened the door to the engine room and went out into the corridor, the guards stopped their work and gathered in a corner. Flew, more puzzled, tilted her head and walked towards them.

"Why are you doing this? Where did the accident happen?"

"Ah, boss. It is said that the Black Revolutionary Corps has launched a terrorist attack in the city."

Fleur's impression was crumpled at the word Black Revolutionary Corps.

In addition to criminals, numerous sub-species who have been defeated in the war of conquest live in Radum, the shadow of Basuka. However, due to capital policy, economic activities of non-human races are prohibited, so there has always been a lot of dissatisfaction, and such dissatisfaction piled up, and radical terrorist groups such as the Black Revolution were organized.

Their requirements have always been the same. To release the comrades of the Black Revolution and vice-captain Kanimar, who are imprisoned in the basement of the castle.

Of course, the kingdom could not fulfill the requirements, and the more the Black Revolution was doing, the more radical and bold terrorist activities were throwing the capital into chaos.

"Dirty things. What are you thinking of touching civilians?"

It was a flu that wanted to run to the scene immediately and pay a muk bowl. But if either of you started abusing your authority, eventually no one would remain in the Society.

Flew, who had calmed down, asked again.

"So, where are you going this time?"

"Ah, that is the Gold Tower. Even if you choose, you chose the right one."

"Oh my, did you break through the Gold Tower?"

Gold Tower is a foreign exchange bank where currencies of other countries are traded. Of course, a certain amount of foreign currency was held in the kingdom's treasury, but if transactions were paralyzed even temporarily, in some cases it was a key point that could cause serious trade losses.

'That's why the inspection and search are strict. How the hell did he get in?'

Flew's shoulders twitched.

"Wait! The Gold Tower?"

"Yes. Why? If you have a deposit... ... ?"

Flew's hair was messed up.

The Gold Tower is only one block away from the Achim Alchemy Company. If so, there was no way that Shirone had not been aware of the incident.

'Let's wait, what time is it? In terms of time... ... .'

Even considering the variables, it was definitely time to be on site.

My heart started pounding. The thing that scared her the most was that her guest, who was supposed to meet Old, was in an accident with her.

"a! really!"

Flew stopped thinking and ran down the hallway. The guard walking across from me asked with a surprised expression.

"Boss, where are you going?"

"I'm out of work! I'll be right back!"

Flew hopped down the stairs.

When I came out of the main gate, the citizens were looking at one place with anxious expressions. Flew, noticing the fuzzy smoke rising in the distance, immediately cast a photonization spell. Her body turned to light and she roared and flew across her firmament.



* * *



"Stay calm! I'll kill those who talk nonsense!"

There were a total of 8 members of the Black Revolutionary Corps who exploded the Gold Tower. They were all wearing black hoods and carrying weapons that were hideous to the eye.

Armed with chained scythes, twin axes, flails, and long swords, the 20 hostages trembled like aspen trees as they moved around the Gold Tower.

"You are victims of the revolution from this time on. We must be willing to give our lives to free our comrades! Those who refuse will suffer more terrible pains than death!"

"crying! Mom, I'm scared!"

A four-year-old boy burst into tears in his mother's arms. Her child's cries were heard louder than the sound of sirens in the silence of everyone.

"Shish! Quiet. You can't cry."

I tried with a low, determined voice, but the child's crying did not stop.

Terrorists do not do this with a sane mind. I was irritated when even the child cried in the already disturbed situation.

A member of the Black Revolutionary Corps approached the mother and child and shouted.

"Don't stop crying! If you continue to cry, I will kill you first!"

"Aaaaaagh! OMG! Mommy!"

The mother held her child in her arms and bowed her head.

"sorry! sorry! I'll be quiet soon. It will end soon."

The terrorist had no intention of putting up with it.

Anyway, all the hostages gathered here were destined to die bravely in order to accomplish the cause of revolution.

"shut up! The revolution looks funny to you!"

The mother was thrown to the floor as the terrorist raised her foot and kicked the child. Hit by her side, the child flew several meters and fell to the ground.

When he couldn't even breathe and gasped, a woman ran over and quickly hugged the child and comforted him.

"Why are you hitting the kid! You can cry because you are scared!"

A member of Jungki holding a scythe approached while turning the chain.

The woman's blonde hair was pulled back, and her booties flowed down her face, and her outfit and accessories were classy.

Her name is Aria. She was the same woman who had been in the same carriage as Shirone a few days before. She stopped by to change money because she was leaving for diplomatic practice the following week, but she was caught by the Black Revolutionary Corps.

"Shut up. Nothing is more important than accomplishing the cause of the revolution."

"huh! revolution? If so, don't you need money? You can take all the money here!"

"Hey, money?"

Daewon shrugged his shoulders and laughed in a muffled voice.

To the Black Revolutionary Corps, money is nothing more than a piece of toilet paper. Even if you had it anyway, you couldn't do any economic activity in Baska.

The kingdom was unable to annihilate the terrorists that grew naturally in the gutter of the capital, and the more it did, the more it focused on killing its power by applying economic pressure.

However, that fact became another invisible weapon for the terrorists.

Being free from money was often wrapped up in sublimity. The Black Revolutionary Corps defined the kingdom as a social evil and was attracting more sub-species under the banner of sacred belief.

"Kyaaak!"

The agent lifted Arya up and bent her arms behind her. He then clamped her neck hard with her own arm holding her scythe.

A sharp scythe emitted an eerie light in front of Arya's eyes.

"Queue, is it because she is the daughter of a rich family? Does it smell amazing? how is it? Since you've been eating well and growing up well, shall we show off our body in front of people?"

A thick, bluish tongue descended from the darkness of the hood. It was twice as long as a human, and the saliva gave off a stinky stench. Arya frowned and turned her head away from her.

"Hey, I don't have time to play with it. The terrorist squad will come soon. Let's start slowly."

One of the two people at the Achim Alchemy Chamber looked outside and said. Daewon also had no particular interest in human women, so she obediently followed.

"Cheuk, then let's make this woman our first target. The effect would be perfect because he was noble and handsome. Too bad, miss. But she lived happily ever after."

The Black Revolutionary Corps will do anything to fulfill their demands. Besides, all he wants is the release of his comrades. Killing one person to give them a warning was a fear tactic that they focused on.

"Help me! Help me!"

Arya realized the situation and struggled.

But none of the hostages came forward for her. Her child's mother was also just holding her child in her arms and closing her eyes.

The operator with the scythe grabbed Arya and led her out through the broken door of the Gold Tower.

The streets where all the citizens had evacuated were completely desolate. Only the merchants in the vicinity were watching the situation from inside the store.

"listen carefully! We are the Black Revolution! Release Vice-captain Kanimar of the Black Revolution right now and free your imprisoned comrades! Otherwise, I will kill one person every 10 minutes! To prove that our resolve is not false, I will kill this woman right here and now!"

Arya's face was sick like a corpse.

"Kyaaak! Help me! Please help me!"

The merchants who were watching turned their heads one by one. She couldn't make eye contact with Arya.

The Black Revolutionary Corps were guys who would do anything. Unfortunately for the poor girl, today will be the last day of her life.

"Don't move. If you want to resent it, resent the kingdom."

The scythe of the crew touched Arya's nape.

I don't intend to die easily. because it doesn't work If only half of her throat was cut, the woman's life would slowly cool down in pain.

"Die for the Revolution!"

Daewon's voice was sincere enough to convince me that this is the end of my life.

Not even a scream came out as the strength in her legs gave out. The fear of death paralyzed his reason, and his body convulsed at will.

"for a moment! Wait a minute!"

Just as the scythe was about to slit Arya's throat, someone appeared on the deserted street.

"what?"

The crew waiting inside the Gold Tower checked the owner of the voice through the window. A boy who was not yet twenty was holding a metal box and catching his breath.

"who are you?"

=======================================
[358] Magic Association (4)





Shirone was out of breath and couldn't reply. He had been watching the situation from afar, but when the situation became urgent, he was on the verge of running with all his might.

"What are you going to do if you just kill someone? Even if you don't know what's going on, you can solve it through conversation."

"what? kill people? How dare you disparage the cause of the revolution as murder!"

Arya recognized Shirone's face. He was the boy he had a crush on in the wagon a few days before. But there was no time to think about it now.

Covered with tears and runny nose, she begged Shirone, her only hope.

"Help me! Please save me!"

"shut up! The revolution has already begun!"

When the crew put a scythe around Aria's neck, Shirone, who became desperate, instantly showed his wits. he shouted as he held out his hand with the iron box strapped to his side.

"for a moment! Then take me hostage!"

Before the scythe pierced his throat, the agent's hand stopped.

I trained for three years to complete the cause, but this was an unheard-of situation. Who would lay down their life for a stranger?

"Take you hostage?"

Shirone took out the magic association employee card from her inner pocket. Then he held out a picture of Fleur, covering it with his thumb.

"As you can see, I am an employee of the Magic Association. Taking me hostage would be much more effective than civilians."

The crew finally saw through the boy's plan.

Now that I see it, it was a ploy to buy time. Not only had I never seen the Magic Association employee card, but it was impossible to check it here.

"huh! Are you an employee of the Magic Association? A kid like you? Do you think I would believe that?"

At that time, the terrorist, who was watching Shirone carefully in front of the window, spoke.

"Hey, bring that guy."

Everyone in the Gold Tower looked at him. He couldn't see his expression because it was covered by his hood, but he could tell from the atmosphere that everyone was suspicious.

"Chief, do you really believe what he said?"

"Trust me, you are an employee of the Magic Association. I've already checked with Akim Company. If an employee of the Magic Association is held hostage, it will be much easier to carry out our demands."

One of the crew reported through the window. It was the captain's words, so there was no need to doubt it.

"Hey, the captain said so. Bring him in."

The scythe holding a scythe kicked her tongue and violently threw Aria backwards. Then, pointing at Shirone with her scythe, he whipped her wrist like a scrape.

"great. walk slowly this way If you do nonsense, I will kill all the hostages here."

"I know it too. That's what makes you a hostage."

Shirone set the metal box down on the floor to avoid arousing any suspicion. Then the scythe-wielding crew member asked nervously as well as nervously.

"for a moment. what is that?"

"This is an item I bought at the alchemy shop."

As the crew turned around to check, the captain was lost in thought. He couldn't see it, but he was certain he had stopped by the store to buy something.

"It will be right. Bring that too."

The Black Revolutionary Corps does not need currency. A bundle is only enough to buy an apple in the black market.

But things were different. Especially if it was an item ordered from the Magic Association, it could definitely be exchanged for a considerable amount of weapons.

"Hey, put that over your head and come over here."

Shirone held the iron box with both hands and walked towards the Gold Tower.

When I crossed the entrance, I was surrounded by three members at the same time. One stole the box and the other tied Shirone's hands behind her back. The other knelt down and put a greatsword around his neck.

"Stay calm. If you resist, I will kill you."

Shirone looked around without even answering.

The hostages were grouped together and guarded by three terrorists. Only Arya broke away from the crowd and fell on her knees next to Shirone.

Realizing that she had finally lived, Arya looked at Shirone, who had saved her, with various emotions. She was sorry, and the fact that she was an employee of the Magic Association was surprising.

"Are you a wizard?"

Shirone did not look back and had a bitter smile. Even though she was a wizard, she couldn't enter the Spirit Zone because the magic control device was activated inside the Gold Tower.

'I didn't expect the Magic Control Device to be turned on. Well, it would be natural for Korea Exchange Bank. But how did these people infiltrate?'

Shirone glanced sideways at the huge hole in the Gold Tower's floor. He wondered if he had dug a hole in the ground. It was not an accidental crime, as it would have taken several months.

'This might be dangerous.'

While Shirone was lost in thought, a terrorist with a flail approached. Even though he was wearing a robe, he couldn't hide his massive size.

"Hehe, the magic association I hate the most in the world is coming. How am I going to do this?"

It was a low voice beyond common sense. No matter how clear the pronunciation was, it felt dull.

The terrorist crouched down and grabbed Shirone's chin with his huge hand. It was rough skin like a tree.

As he turned Shirone's face left and right, he remembered a good idea and took out a dagger from his bosom.

"Yeah, this would be fun. Hey, girl."

Arya looked at the terrorist with anxious eyes. She doesn't know why, but when she goes home, she never calls me to study hard.

The terrorist swung the dagger swiftly in his huge hand. Then he grabbed the blade with his fingers and held out his handle.

"I am very grateful to the person who saved your life. it's not like that?"

"Yes, it is."

"Then give me a knife in return. Thighs are good."

A look of astonishment filled the woman's eyes. Her face turned white and her chin trembled.

"Yes? uh, how... ... ."

Even if I just stab someone, I would be scared to death, but I couldn't do anything to hurt the person who became a hostage to save myself.

A terrorist with a double ax approached, showing interest.

"Kyakyakya! that would be nice Hey, do it fast! Otherwise, I will kill you first!"

It was a high-pitched and low-pitched voice that overlapped at the same time.

Surprised by the word killing, Arya accepted the dagger. But she couldn't bear to stab Shirone's thigh.

"Hoo? As expected, the staff of the Magic Association are different. Seeing that even in this situation, not a single expression on his face has changed."

Shirone stared at the front calmly.

The reaction here only made the terrorists feel better. Of course, being stabbed will hurt, but that's just a future thing that hasn't come yet.

At the words of the crew member, Aria raised her head and looked at Shirone. Guilt-relieving words came out of his mouth, which was still facing forward with a nonchalant expression.

"I'm OK. Guard yourself."

The officer with a flail could not stand it and shouted.

"do it faster! Poke! Before I smash your head!"

As the flail was lifted into the air, Arya reached out to Shirone's thigh with tears streaming down her face.

"Mi, I'm sorry... ... sorry."

The upside down dagger trembled. I couldn't even imagine what it would feel like to have a sharp piece of metal pierce my flesh.

Arya sobbed and placed the tip of the dagger on Shirone's thigh.

Even then, Shirone's expression did not change. I won't kill you anyway. Because you are their most valuable hostage.

"You are surrounded! You are surrounded! Release the hostages immediately and raise the white flag! If you don't comply with the order, I will wipe it out completely!"

The heads of the terrorists all turned toward the window. All of a sudden, the Tormia anti-terrorist squad set up a barricade and surrounded the Gold Tower.

The emergency riot squad of prosecutors, the special riot squad of magicians, the explosives dismantling squad made up of alchemists, and even the sniper squad made up of gunners were on the scene.

The terrorist with a flail spat out curse words when the opportunity to make fun of the heinous Magic Association flew by. He was so low-pitched that I couldn't hear him. No, maybe he didn't even know what a human language was.

There is nothing more important than the revolutionary cause to the Black Revolutionary Corps. Caught up in his emotions, the crew grabbed Shirone by the back of the belt and walked to the window with his legs afloat with strong force.

"We are the Black Revolution! If we don't release Vice-Captain Kanimar and his comrades right now, the hostages will die! I will execute one person every 10 minutes!"

The anti-terrorist squad did not even raise an eyebrow. If you accept the demand here, you will have to accept a bigger demand in the future.

However, it was impossible to sacrifice the hostages. Even high-ranking nobles among the hostages held in the Gold Tower could cause political problems.

"Damn you kids! If you want to die, you will die alone!"

The anti-terrorist squad leader glared at the terrorist and bit his teeth. In the end, there was no choice but to suppress it, but the key was when to minimize the damage.

It could be right now, or it could be five minutes from now. How much more time he gave them was entirely his burden.

Then, a roaring sound was heard, and a woman holding a long magic wand landed.

Fleur, who flew straight from the Magic Association, analyzed the situation upon arrival.

'Once the anti-terrorist team arrived, all the citizens escaped. But the child... ... ?'

It was not far from the alchemy shop, so it was normal to keep an eye on the situation nearby. However, no matter how much I looked around, I couldn't find Shirone.

'What, you're not here? Do you really run away anyway? Well, good thing for me... ... .'

Flew's gaze stopped at the main gate of the Gold Tower. Seeing Shirone caught in the hands of the terrorist with a liberated expression, his eyes widened and his jaw dropped as if he were going to fall.

"What are you doing over there! Fool!"

The anti-terrorist squad looked back at the evil basket that had sprung out without their knowledge.

"ah... ... ."

The class president frowned and asked.

"What are you? Seeing that you moved through space, is it a wizard?"

Flew, who came to his senses, walked confidently. It was not included in the number of cooperating people, but anyway, this place was also under the jurisdiction of the Magic Association, so it had authority.

"My name is Fleur, the head of the Magic Association's security department. How is the current situation... ... yes?"

Flew, who had been groping for his chest, looked down with a puzzled expression. He obviously didn't have the employee ID that should have hung around his neck.

Realizing it belatedly, she stuck out her tongue with a painful expression.

'Oops, I gave it to that guy.'

The class president stared at Fleur, whose expression changed every second. If she hadn't flown through space travel, she would have just thought she was some crazy town girl.

"The Magic Association's security chief? But why did you come here? The riot squad has already been packed."

"Oh, hey, that... ... I was wondering if there was anything I could help with... ... ."

Flew's voice was quieter than before, intimidated by the fact that he didn't have a license. Either that or not, the class president looked back at the front as if it was annoying.

"Go back. We have enough troops to subdue them. The problem is the hostages."

Flew also knew because it was not the first time the scene of terrorism had occurred.

The reason it is difficult to wipe out terrorists is that they use an unspecified number of weak people as their shield.

However, even from her point of view, she could not leave the place without leaving Shirone behind.

'The more I think about it, the more I get annoyed. What were you thinking about getting caught by a terrorist? Even magic doesn't work there.'

For a moment, Fleur's eyes lit up.

'Wait, magic?'

Maybe Shirone's capture could be an opportunity.

Flew, thinking of a hopeful strategy, ran through the anti-terrorist unit and reached the class president.

"Hey, Captain! Captain!"

The class president sighed and looked back.

"What else? We are busy."

"there is! There is a way to save the hostages!"

=======================================
[359] Magic Association (5)





The anti-terrorism squad was giving Shirone a stinging glare. It is natural that they serve as excellent shields for terrorists, but from the standpoint of the hostage, it was only regrettable.

The flail's Janghan, who grabbed Shirone, had great physical strength. When she realized that she couldn't escape without magic, Shirone began to get impatient.

'What do we do? Are you really going to die like this?'

At that time, Flu broke through the anti-terrorist squad and appeared. Seeing her face with her ax eye raised, Shirone was terrified even in the situation of her life and death.

'Why is Mr. Flew here?'

Flew yelled, pointing.

"Hey!"

All members of the Black Revolution paid attention to Fleur. Unexpected situations are always bad.

The terrorist holding Shirone asked in a menacing voice.

"Hey, what is that woman?"

"Uh, that... ... For now, it's my business."

Flew continued angrily.

"Are you a crazy kid? I told you to go to the alchemy shop, what are you doing there?"

Shirone pondered over whether to answer.

Of course, it is natural for her to be angry. But it was nonsensical to bring it out in this situation.

'Why are you doing that? Something is strange.'

As Shirone was lost in thought, she fired even more.

"I must have ordered you to buy the parts for the 'horsepower controller'! Because of you, 'cute people' suffered damage! How are you going to be 'responsible'?"

Shirone's eyes sparkled.

'Magic control device?'

Come to think of it, Fleur's eyes were also tense, unlike usual.

'Ah, this is the password.'

Roughly put together, it was something like this.

The magic control device will be released. You are in charge of hostages.

'You've got one chance. But when?'

Until then, not even the flu could be delivered.

You can create any number of passwords, but if they are long, you will be suspicious. Also, even if time was adjusted, it could be rather poisonous in an operation where success or failure could be judged in an instant.

From that moment on, Shirone began to warm up his mind. There is no clearly defined time. The key was not to miss the opportunity at the moment the magic control device was destroyed.



The rooftop of an eight-story building 200 meters from the Gold Tower.

One Gunner was aiming at the Gold Tower with a crossbow equipped with magic bullets. Unlike a normal crossbow, the tiller was long enough to be worn on the shoulder and was a weapon that used a trigger-type trigger.

As Gunner was making a balloon out of chewing gum, a voice came from the communication device.

-Alpha. Can you hear me?

"This is Alpha. Waiting for sniping. over."

- Deliver orders. Detonate the Magic Control Device in the Gold Tower.

The balloon stuck to Gunner's mouth popped with a pop. Even detonating the magic control device seemed like there was nothing that could be done in the hostage situation.

-It's a one-time opportunity. make no mistake.

Gunner stopped thinking and locked the magic controller inside the crossbow's scope. Strategies are made up of the brain, and fighting is done by the muscles. He was the nerve of the anti-terror squad.

As I recalled the interior plan of the Gold Tower, the lines in my head stood up as planes and quickly formed a three-dimensional three-dimensional structure. It rotated freely and calculated its trajectory.

The magic control device is built into the wall, so you can't see it with your eyes. It was a situation where I had to open my heart.

"Roger That."



Fleur, who exchanged glances with Shirone, gently bit her lower lip. There were too many uncertain variables. Above all, even if the magic control device was destroyed, it was impossible to guarantee that Shirone would be able to evacuate the hostages.

'please. you have to do something If you make a mistake, it's the end.'

Shirone was desperate to change the shape of his mind beforehand.

The method he chose was Mass Teleport, a collective teleportation. As soon as the magic control device is destroyed, they take the hostages and escape.

'Can I make it on time?'

Bypass the terrorists and lock only the hostages in the Spirit Zone. As it is a bizarre form that is not found in all directions, it was important to tune the mind in advance. It would have been easy for Arin, a spirit-type mage, but it took a considerable amount of time for Shirone, who had strength in durability.

'It's harder than expected. Something shouldn't happen now.'

Meanwhile, Gunner finished preparing for sniping. The chewing of the gum slowed down at regular intervals, and he finally began to crush it slowly with his teeth.

slowly... ... Slowly, as the gum squeezed, the trigger finger bent little by little.

Right.

The moment teeth met teeth, the trigger was pulled. With a ping and exclamation, the magic bullet was fired at the same speed as a swallow snatching a bug.

'Just a little, just a little more!'

Shirone did her best to change her mental form. Meanwhile, he couldn't help but be conscious of the situation around him.

A light flashed above the heads of the anti-terrorist squad, and then something passed through Shirone and through the front door.

A sharp iron magic bullet pierced the wall next to the safe and stuck into the board of the magic control device. Electricity was generated from the magic bullet, the wire melted, and the overheated device exploded with a roar.

'Now!'

Shirone entered the spirit zone with her eyes wide open. Hostages, including Arya, were captured in the Spirit Zone, which has an unstandardized form like an amoeba.

"what! What happened!"

The members of the Black Revolutionary Corps were taken aback by the sudden attack. However, it did not take long for them to settle their minds because they were also trained.

"How dare these fool us!"

The moment the flail landed on her head, Shirone opened her eyes. The body turned into light, and at the same time, all the hostages were subjected to photonization magic.

'Mass teleport!'

Numerous flashes of light seemed to rise simultaneously, then they bent like dragons and escaped the outside of the Gold Tower.

The place where Shirone arrived was 20 meters away from the main gate. He wanted to avoid it as far as possible, but the space of his line of sight was the limit for him who did not know the geography of this place.

After confirming the number of hostages, Shirone cut the rope with Armand using rated control. On the Gold Tower side, riot squads were arresting terrorists.

Werewolves, underground people, goblins, etc., their identities were revealed, and their races were different.

The giant of the flail was a family member called the Forest Keeper. Characterized by a well-developed chin, he was screaming in a low voice that would come from a brass instrument with his arm bent by the knights.

'One person is vacant?'

Only 7 terrorists were captured. When I checked the body with my eyes, I didn't see the one who was called the captain.

"Aagh!"

Shirone raised her head at the sound she heard from the sky. Flew, floating in the air, was in a position to strike something with his magic wand.

The transparent object fell to the ground with a thud. After a while, the leader with his limbs attached to the ground appeared, trembling with his beaten back.

Flew said, landing light as a feather on the ground.

"Where are you going to run to?"

"Keugh! Annoying Wizard!"

The captain grabbed his chest and tore off his robe.

The face of a man with light purple skin was revealed. He was bald, his ears sticking out like knives, and his sharp fangs stood out between his closed teeth.

"Now that this has happened, I will kill you and go."

"You were a vampire after all."

The ability to make the body invisible for a while was a vampire's unique ability. However, he was not pureblood, as he did not suffer even when exposed to sunlight.

'Well, if it was pureblood, it would be impossible for everyone here to attack.'

Flew said to the riot squad without taking his eyes off the vampire.

"I will take care of it, so please block the escape route. Vampires are good at escaping."

The riot squad immediately blocked the way to the Gold Tower. He knew that if he moved clumsily, the vampire would leave the place.

Flew swung his magic wand out of habit, then grabbed the tip of the pole and aimed it forward.

"Come on, kid."

"You cheeky girl!"

Nails protruded from the vampire's ten fingers like blades. His body turned into a blurry afterimage and moved across space like a torrent.

Vampires are fast. It was not muscle strength, but the power of a unique incarnation technique called half-body half-soul.

Flew's eyelids were half-down and his gaze was turned left and right.

Knock! Her vampiric claws got in the way as she twisted her body and held out her magic wand.

"Big! this... ... !"

"It looks so ridiculous. A mongrel can't be faster than the synesthesia of the Spirit Zone."

"shut up! Shut up!"

The vampire swung its claws at dozens of times per second.

Flew retreated with a sharp screeching sound, spinning around her at an unseen speed. Flew gave up her pursuit and slammed her magic staff down on the ground.

"Bonghwangjeong."

A huge firebird rose from the crystal ball and spewed out fireballs in all directions.

The phoenix that resonates with the Spirit Zone fires fireballs at everyone within its radius. Although it was impossible to identify friends, it was overpowered in terms of reflexes faster than synesthesia.

"Aagh!"

The vampire who was hit directly by the fireball rolled on the floor with his burning body. When the flames were extinguished, there was no strength left to move.

said Flew, pressing the magic wand to his stomach.

"The sun endures, but not the fire. Receive the aura obediently."

"Stop talking nonsense! Do you know our suffering! To understand at least the misery of living in the gutter!"

"do not know. Humans are what even humans can't save. I don't have the energy to look into your circumstances."

"You foolish and arrogant man! I was also human once. How long do you think you can rule the world! In the future, you will pay a huge penalty."

"Someday. But not now."

"Queue, is that so?"

The vampire's body began to split like a jigsaw puzzle. At the grotesque change, Flew removed his magic wand and took a step back.

"what... ... ?"

"This is the result you made!"

Hundreds of black bats splattered the vampire's body and flew to the place where the hostages were, swimming in the air.

Flew pointed his magic wand at once. However, he could not use Bonghwangjeong where the hostages were.

"Kyaaaagh! Help me!"

The hostages who discovered the swarm of bats hugged each other.

At that time, Shirone blocked the way and lowered her fist.

'Broad!'

Puff puff puff puff!

The curtain of light pulsed at a fast tempo, bouncing off all bats. As the bats flew out of the curtain and got tangled, the vampire returned to its original form and rolled on the floor.

"Quaaaaagh!"

The vampire's fingers stretched sprawled toward the sun, slowly unfolding.

When the movement finally stopped, the emergency services rushed in and arrested him.

The hostages slowly lifted their eyelids. Terrorists were being transported one by one to the steel prison.

"done. Arrested them all."

"it's over! We live!"

The hostages cheered and clapped.

The main character of applause was Shirone. He came in as a hostage, took time, and even finished it, so it could be said that it was a sense of accomplishment.

"It was really cool! After all, justice is alive!"

"What courage! It deserves a job at the Magic Association!"

Shirone's face flushed. He was anxious that people mistook him for an employee of the Magic Association. Arya approached as she lowered her head, not knowing what to do with her body.

"Hey, are you okay?"

"Ah, it's okay."

"I am very grateful for today's work. I want to give an example... ... ."

"Oh no! You don't have to!"

Arya didn't want to let Shirone go like this. She was helped, but the fact that he was in the wagon had a fateful impulse.

"I am Arya of the Tessiya family. My father is a first-class diplomat in the kingdom. If I tell you about today's work, it will help me a lot in the future... ... ."

At that moment, Fleur grabbed Shirone's head and pressed him down.

"There is no need for that."

"Yes?"

Flew politely bowed her head to the bewildered Arya.

"sorry. This child is still a probationary, not a full-time employee. Please kindly understand that this was done at the association level to catch terrorists."

Shirone lowered her head and averted her gaze.

Strictly speaking, he wasn't even an apprentice. However, when he met Fleur's eyes, who had a scary expression on his face, he remembered what to say.

"Yes, sorry. There will be no such thing in the future."

Arya didn't care if Shirone was a full-time employee or an apprentice. She talked for a long time and just wanted to know a little more about him.

"No, I'm just grateful... ... ."

Flew shook his hand firmly and stopped talking.

"I just did what I was supposed to do. Private cases are strictly prohibited inside the association. Then I trust that you will understand and I will go now. Follow me, you little boy!"

"Ouch! sick!"

Shirone was caught and pulled out of the Gold Tower by Flew's hand.

Aria's eyes, looking at the two people who were getting farther away, contained regretful feelings.

=======================================
[360] Magic Association (6)





Shirone caught a carriage to the Magic Association. He was still tingling in the head from how many honey chestnuts he had been hit.

Flew sneered and said as she pouted her lips as she cradled the metal box in her arms.

"what? Do you feel bad about getting hit? So who would jump into the scene without permission? Do you know what the matter is? Using magic by someone without a wizard license is against the laws of the kingdom."

"I'm sorry about that. But people almost died."

Flew couldn't argue with that either.

"Huh, that's that and this is this. You were determined to take responsibility anyway. Then don't mumble."

Since it was true, Shirone kept her mouth shut. Most of all, the terror I experienced today completely changed the image of Baska that I had so far.

"I've heard about Radum."

Flew, who had been looking out the window with his chin on his chin, looked away.

"My classmates from school used to live there. They said it was a terrible place."

"Hmm, yes. Because the residents of Radum are banned from economic activities."

"Why does the kingdom just leave such a place unattended? Terrorism is obviously bad, but can't we find a more peaceful solution?"

Flew was silent for a long time before opening his mouth.

"you... ... Do you know what happens when there are no trash cans in the house?"

"Yes? A trash can?"

"Eventually, the whole house becomes a trash can. But in reality, it's always clean because there are trash cans. Radum is such a place. The capital's garbage cans. They don't do anything productive, but they are valuable just for being there. That's why even nobles can't get rid of it."

"But that... ... ."

"I know what you're thinking, but don't bother talking. Beliefs are not something that can be forced. If you have a certain belief, you just have to achieve it yourself."

Shirone bowed his head sullenly. It seemed that discussing an ideal that could not be practiced was not applicable in the world of professionals.

"However, today's events will make politicians think a little differently."

Shirone raised her head again.

"Bat imitation is a unique ability of vampires. However, cases of manifestation in broad daylight have not yet been reported in the academic world. Something is changing within Radum. Whether it's species improvement, or fusion... ... ."

It was definitely a possibility.

Radum is an area inhabited by numerous sub-species who have fled from the continent. If living organisms can be experimented on, there is no better place for experimentation than this.

Shirone turned his head out the window. The scenery of the capital was splendid no different from when I first came. But now there was a shadow in his eyes too.

light and darkness. That too would be a law determined by each other referring to each other. However, Shirone did not know which came first.



* * *



After passing through the main gate of the Magic Association, Fleur looked back at Shirone.

"I'll report back, so go to the engine room and bring the stuff to the maintenance team. And stay still! Don't leak anywhere else!"

Apart from running errands, I've never been anywhere else. However, Shirone also turned away, thinking that it would be like that now. I was cautious in walking to the engine room, fearing that any items might be damaged.

Fortunately, the maintenance team inspected the item and determined that there was nothing wrong with it.

Fleur arrived in front of Shirone, who let out a sigh of relief and left the engine room. His expression became colder than before, as if he had heard what he was saying to his superior.

"Hey, the report is over... ... !"

"Ugh, really!"

Fleur slammed Shirone in the head.

"Ouch! Why do you keep hitting me on the head!"

Shirone had been patient enough, so he widened his eyes and got angry.

"I can't live because of you! Do you know how much I struggled to stop this incident? Learn to be proud of yourself even if you don't have a license!"

"I'm not bragging, but a person dies, so what do I do?"

"shut up! More than anything else, rumors spread that you came to the Association! This is a really serious problem. I think the president of the association wanted to meet you quietly, but I don't know, now!"

Shirone was also sorry about that.

"If you regret it now, it can't be helped."

"Aha? It'll stop when you go back, right? He was really determined to kill me! Follow!"

Fleur grabbed Shirone by the ear and dragged her to the inn. Slamming her door open, she shoved Shirone as if she were being thrown into her prison cell, then pointed at her and shouted.

"Don't take a step forward! I mean, she'll stay dead until she calms down."

Shirone touched her tingling ear and frowned.

"Isn't that too much? When to run errands?"

"I said out loud that this was good until the end... ... !"

Just as Fleur was about to shout a second time, Gando's voice was heard from the hallway.

"Flu, what's up?"

Fleur turned her head away with a look of regret.

"Gando-sama, this little boy... ... ."

Flew's body froze as the words snapped. Two people were following behind Gando, who was approaching with a worried expression.

Kang Nan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association.

And the person with the black fur coat over his shoulder was Mikea Gaold.

The moment he saw Gaold, Flew's heart skipped a beat.

I knew you were returning today, but I didn't even expect to see you here. Since she took office, the number of times the president of the association has reached the third floor has been counted on her hand.

'Why are you here... ... ?'

He would have taken Shirone on his own if he gave instructions, but he started looking for him from the third floor upon his return.

Above all, it was before he had to fix the mistake Shirone had made. The fact that rumors of Shirone's arrival spread to the Magic Association was unforgivable under any excuse.

Flew raised his head and shouted as his body remembered.

"army unit! attention!"

Gando rubbed his forehead and shook his head. Garold, on the other hand, raised the corners of her mouth in interest.

"Hehe, is it only my eyes that can't see it? What troops should I prepare when there is no one?"

"ah... ... sorry! Stop being nervous!"

Kang Nan removed his face from Gaold and asked.

"Have you been okay? On the way, I heard there was an incident a little while ago."

Flew said, eyes wide open, thinking that it was finally here.

"ah! I have something to report. At the scene of the recent terror, Shirone accidentally... ... ."

"doesn't care."

Gaold cut off his words in annoyance and walked past Flew. Flew's face, still in an immobile posture, hardened like a stone statue.

Shirone looked up at Gaold and swallowed.

It was taller than I had imagined. He was the strongest wizard in the kingdom, who had been rumored to have been rumored to be there, and who had aroused even more intense curiosity after coming here. Perhaps it was an illusion, but his body seemed huge enough to touch the ceiling.

Gaold raised a corner of his mouth and said.

"Are you Shirone?"



*Episode 3. the strongest wizard



Shirone finally boarded the Magic Association elevator she had been waiting for. But he couldn't like it openly because the atmosphere was strange. I had to press the button to go anywhere, but no one was moving.

Gaold put his hands behind his back and looked at the dashboard showing the floor number. Kang Nan was meditating in the corner, and Gando couldn't hide his embarrassment as if Gaold's side was burdensome.

'Gaold-nim... ... .'

In Fleur's eyes, as she lowered her head, sadness and sadness coexisted.

Until now, I did my best not to tarnish the name of the Gaold Guards. But all her efforts are useless in front of the name Shirone.

Shirone's name became known to the Association, and that fact must have reached the ears of the wizards who were keeping Gaold in check. Above all, this project was a once-in-a-lifetime construction that Gaold had prepared for 20 years.

But Gaold said:



-doesn't care.



Feeling infinitely shabby.

He had admired him since school days, and eventually joined the association and played for him for two years, but felt sorry for him that he was not worthy of Shirone, who was not even a formal magician.

Kang Nan opened his eyes and walked towards the panel.

"Then, I will go down."

Shirone put on a puzzled expression.

'I'm going down?'

This is on the 3rd floor, so if you go down there is only 1st floor. I'm not going to take the elevator to the second floor.

Kang Nan took out the key, opened the board, and put his fingerprint on the glass plate. A thin light came on as it scanned, and the internal mechanism was ejected. It was a panel with a total of 36 buttons, six horizontally and six vertically.

Kang Nan took a deep breath and entered 24 patterns.

When approval was given, a woman's guidance voice came from the ceiling.

-Go to the 10th basement floor. This is a Level 1 security area.

Gando and Fleur came to notice Gaold. Although he once rode the lift together, it was entirely up to Olde to decide how far he could accompany him.

"Hmm."

Gaold didn't care about that and looked at Shirone. Then he burst out laughing when he realized Shirone's eyes were fixed on the panel.

"Are you curious?"

"Yes? Ah yes. It's my first time riding an elevator. Now I know that the password is locked."

"Queue, you must have memorized it like a gentleman."

"Oh no!"

Shirone, who hurriedly waved her hand, confessed after a while with a red face.

"Yes. The fact is... ... ."

"ha ha ha! You are thorough! Well, if you're a wizard, that's how it should be. But it will be useless. Passwords change every day. Besides, what's really important is that no one in the Society knows the password."

Shirone tilted her head.

"Nobody knows? But just a little while ago, Mr. Kang Nan... ... ."

"Yes, I entered the pattern correctly. But, even Kang Nan doesn't know what he pressed."

Is that possible? Shirone asked himself.

"How could that be?"

"You store patterns in your unconscious, not your memory. It's easy when you think of an instrument. If you practice the same song every day, your hands move before you think. It's a similar principle. Kang Nan goes to a random password generator and looks at the pattern for about an hour each day. It's important not to think about anything. Then I just press whatever my hand takes me to."

Gaold pretended to press any button in the air.

"Of course, it is different from musical instruments, so training is required, but if you master the technique, it is more secure than any other encryption system. The more you try to be conscious, the harder it is to remember."

Shirone stuck out his tongue at the security system that transcended common sense. Just looking at the fact that the cryptographic system, which could not be learned from books, was already applied to the association, one could see the association's technological prowess.

'Very excited. Can't you see that the president of the association is doing good for you?'

Fleur, who had been listening to the conversation between the two, glared at Shirone viciously.

Even he himself had never exchanged more than a few words with Gaold. However, Shirone was not enough to take her to the first-class security area, but kindly explained the secrets of the encryption system.

The elevator went down through the first floor and into complete darkness. It was a miscalculation to think of the distance as about 10 floors above ground just because it was 10 floors underground. The elevator went down for about a minute, and finally the door opened.

It was the first time for Flu and even Gando to come here, so I was naturally nervous. Waiting for Gaold and Kang Nan to come down first, Flew looked around excitedly.

"Here... ... ?"

It was a huge colossus. The ceiling was as high as the sky, and the interior without even a pillar expanded completely unrelated to the area of ??the Magic Association building.

Even Shirone, who had been to places outside of common sense, couldn't help but be surprised at the scale of the basement. The temples and heavenly buildings seen in the space-time of the labyrinth were great, but the emptiness of this place gave another sense of pressure.

'But why did you come here?'

It was unnecessarily spacious for a place for an interview.

When Shirone looked back at Kang Nan, she raised her glasses and explained.

"This is the largest area in the Magic Association. Although it is an empty lot, its durability is beyond imagination because it is used as a bunker. Besides, it's one of the few places that are free from the magic control device. It's built for multiple purposes, but when it's not on display, it's mostly used to demonstrate secrecy magic."

"okay."

The Magic Association was the place where all magic in the kingdom was analyzed, so at least one space like this had to exist.

Then, realizing that, Shirone looked back at Gaold with a surprised expression.

"Are you demonstrating magic?"

When Gaold looked back with a smile on his face, Shirone shook his shoulders.

His speculation heated the air in the bunker. He had become a completely different person from when he saw him from the lift.

=======================================
[361] Magic Association (7)





"yes. that's why you came here Then once... ... yes?"

Gaold looked back at Gando and Fleur, who stood like borrowed sacks of barley. After thinking for a while, he said in a puzzled voice.

"Why are you here? Don't you know it's a level 1 security area?"

"Ah, that... ... ."

When Jiandao hesitated, Kangnan let out a sigh.

'Memory gone again.'

Shirone is a key resource that can bring significant changes to this project. Even if he didn't show it, he could tell that Gaold was also quite agitated.

"go back. We have something to do quietly."

"all right."

As Gaold waved his hands as if chasing flying flies, Gando shyly walked to the lift. There was no way that even Gra, who was in charge of Gaold's bodyguards, would not follow the instructions.

But Flew remained in place.

'I was always by your side. The president of the association brought it.'

I know Gaold is losing his memory, but that hasn't eased my feelings. In fact, isn't Shirone, whom she first met just 10 minutes ago, still lingering in her head?

"Flu, what are you doing? Let's go up."

Gando spoke in a worried voice, but Fleur insisted.

For more than two years, he claimed to be a member of the Gaold Guard and performed numerous missions. He can't do this to himself.

"Please stay here."

Gaold, who was walking towards Shirone, stopped abruptly. As he slowly turned his head, something abnormal hovered silently in his eyes.

"just now... ... What did you say?"

Flew screamed even louder as he sighed.

"Please stay here! We are also subordinates to assist Gaold-nim!"

Gando shook Fleur's shoulder with a pale face.

"What's wrong, Fleur? Are you crazy?"

It wasn't that I was standing there calmly because it was a flue. Her heartbeat reached her ribs, and her terrified eyes turned to the ceiling, avoiding Gaold's gaze.

"Cheuk, kuk, kuk."

Kneeling, Gaold crouched like a beast spying on its prey. A heat haze rose from her shoulders and top of her head as if the air was heating up.

"Flu."

"Yes Yes!"

"Since I became the president of the Magic Association, I have never been involved in an assault case. Do you know what the reason is?"

Flew slowly lowered his gaze to Gaold. When I saw his face with the grotesquely tearing corners of his mouth, fear struck me as if my heart stopped.

"One hit and they all die."

Gando was startled and backed away.

'this! It started.'

Flew's vision darkened and he saw a hellish landscape of brimstone fires. The horrible screams of the hungry ghost gnawed at my brain, enough to make me want to rip off my ears.

"Uh, uh... ... ."

Flew's pupils curled upwards of their own accord. His knees trembled like a dog being poked with a stick, and the flowing tears soaked his face as hot as blood.

'Oh, I'm scared... ... !'

I felt like I would do anything to escape this moment. But it was a betrayal of Gaold. Everything about her collapses in an instant.

"Huh! Whoops!"

Flew closed her eyes tightly and shouted with all her might.

"I respect you!"

At the same time, the scenery of hell disappeared.

But her soul, which flew far away, still did not think of returning. In her trance, her words sprang out at will.

"I respect you! I've admired it since I started learning magic! I can do anything for the president of the association. So please let me stay here!"

'Flu... ... .'

Gando looked at his direct subordinate with pitiful eyes.

Gaold is a man who has gone too far to be the goal of life. It was not easy to suppress the trembling when standing in front of him, even for himself, a certified 4th grader.

But this time, for the sake of his beloved subordinate, he mustered up the courage to take a step forward.

"Me too, please! Please do not doubt our resolve!"

Gando stopped beside Fleur and bowed.

Gaold stared at the two of them, lost in thought. But in reality he was not thinking at all.

"Then whatever."

Gando's face went blank as he consented so easily that he collapsed. Flew still didn't understand the situation and only sniffed his snot.

Kang Nan clicked his tongue in annoyance.

'anyway... ... That's why I'm called crazy.'

Gaold is not bound by anything. We only act according to the emotions of the moment.

It was only natural that the memory in his brain had gone bad, but the reason he was still alive without being stabbed was that no one in the kingdom of Tormia could harm him.

Gaold walked to the center of the bunker, took out a cigar from a distance facing Shirone, and lit it. Smoke escaped like a ghost through her parted lips.

"Yes, the fact that Kang Nan brought him must mean that he saw the potential. From now on, I will judge for myself. If it meets my criteria, we might be on good terms."

It would be hard to feel good if the evaluation was done without hesitation, but it was not an unacceptable line if the president of the association was put on the line.

The only disturbing thing was what he had done to Flew a moment ago. What had happened to her, who had always been full of her confidence, sobbing with her fear?

'Are you really okay? He seems a bit strange.'

When he didn't hear an answer, Gaold said amusedly.

"It is not forced. We don't need a weak will. If you don't like it, go back now."

"If it's an evaluation, what do you evaluate?"

"I have only one hope for you. Let's see Ataraxia."

It was as Shirone expected. If a certified first-class archmage found himself only a student, he could only see that he was interested in Ataraxia.

"Do it at full power. It's an opportunity that won't come again in your life."

'Maximum output?'

At first I didn't understand what you meant. Then, when he encountered the speculation rising from Old's body, his anxious thoughts flashed through his mind.

"no way... ... Shoot?"

"yes. Whatever it is, show your best organs."

Shirone's face turned into an embarrassment.

In his opinion, Ataraxia is siege magic. It's not worth casting on people unless you really intend to kill them.

"But this isn't even two thousand."

"of course. that's why you brought Because the true value of magic is the most accurate way to confirm it with your body."

Only now did I realize it clearly. Gaold is crazy. How could you make such a demand if you did not intend to turn a man into a murderer?

"It's too dangerous. The president of the association may get hurt."

Gaold narrowed his eyes, blew out a cigarette, and burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! This is the funniest joke in a while. A kid with no hair underneath."

Shirone's face turned red, and she cried. Regardless of the authenticity of the joke, it was a complete disparagement.

Of course, Gaold is the strongest wizard in Tormia. But ataraxia was also an archangel's ability.

"I am serious. Maybe even die."

Gaold waved his hands as if brushing away the remnants of laughter.

"Ah, yes yes. Then, from that moment on, you are the president of the Magic Association. The people here are the witnesses. how is it? Is it a super-fast promotion?"

'I'm not listening at all.'

Shirone opened his eyes wide and focused. Seeing what ataraxia is with your own eyes will change your mind.

A point of starlight born in the air drew a circle while drawing a curve.

The moment Halo was born, Flew's forehead wrinkled. An intense pain pierced his temple.

'This is the materialization of Halo, Immortal Function.'

I heard that the more sensitive the sensitivity, the stronger the impact. As expected, Gando squinted one eye and exhaled, perhaps feeling considerable pain.

On the other hand, Kang Nan checked the time with a calm expression. Ga Old also sucked on a cigar to make her cheeks look slimmer, then put her mouth together and made a donut out of the smoke. It was as if it couldn't be done this fast.

'It's real, this guy... ... .'

It was the first time I met someone who could be completely free in Halo.

Having calmed down her excitement, Shirone decided to go out a little further.

Upon integrating the ataraxia, the colors began to construct concepts that transcended the human knowledge base as flashes of light struck from the front.

"wow... ... ."

Fleur's mouth fell open.

Ataraxia, which I had only heard about through rumors. I knew it was an archangel's ability, but I just wanted to know how amazing the magic a student cast was. But even she, who graduated from the Royal School of Witchcraft and Wizardry at the top of her class, couldn't understand even 10 percent of the concept of being integrated into Halo.

'How could that be? How many replacement batteries will it take?'

Ataraxia is complete. As the hundreds of small magic circles spun like gears and radiated light, Gaold looked back at the intensity.

"how?"

Kang Nan looked at the pocket watch in his hand.

"One minute and two seconds."

"Hmm, it's a bit shorter than before."

Pak! Gaold flicked out his cigar, and sparks exploded like fireworks, sending the tail of the cigar to the wall. Grabbing one of his legs behind him, he slowly lowered his stance, facing Shirone with an oblique angle.

"Then shall we begin? Come in."

The moment Gaold took his stance, Bunker's temperament changed. If wizards were omnipotent in the Spirit Zone, everything here was controlled by Gaold's will.

Even so, Shirone was conflicted. Ataraxia belongs to the trigger type of magic. Once he passed the photon cannon, there was nothing he could control.

Kang Nan's voice was heard in his ears.

"Shirone, I would have told you. This is a transnational issue."

Shirone was still looking at Gaold.

"I can't go into details yet, but we are serious too. If that's your belief, you can go back now. But if you are bound by the moral code, know that that too is presumptuous."

"Whoa!"

Shirone let out a deep breath as if to let out his thoughts. There was no way out now. The only thing he could do was to bet on the title of first-class archmage.

"let's begin."

When Shirone opened her eyes, a photon was born with a popping sound in front of her. The more the mass was concentrated, the louder the voice in the heart became, but he resolutely ignored all sounds and increased its power.

'From now on, I can't control myself.'

Shirone sent out a photon cannon while biting her molars.

As the sphere of light passed through Ataraxia, the bunker turned white.

As a result, Fleur's mind also went white. A tidal wave of enormous mass. I felt like I was thrown in front of the phenomenon of the transcendental world where no human beings could reach.

bang!

An intense blasting sound broke through the roar of flashes.

As the atmospheric pressure in the bunker increased explosively, the energy of the photon cannon was compressed in front of Gaold's palm. It was the best defensive magic in the Air series, the Bakum Press that only Gaold could use.

"Uh, how... ... ?"

Shirone couldn't believe it even after seeing it with his own eyes.

It was neither sustained nor avoided. Literally took the photon cannon by hand.

The photon cannon, already depleted of energy, floated in Gaold's palm. When he clenched his fist, he made a small pop and disappeared in vain.

Gaold looked back at Shirone and said with a smile.

"It is inconsistent."

Silence passed. No one in the bunker could speak.

'fail? I?'

Shirone realized belatedly that he hadn't even thought about not being able to pass in the first place. He just hoped that no one would get hurt with Ataraxia.

Gaold threw the wind-blown coat over his shoulder and walked towards the elevator.

"Kangnan, you are right. That guy is useless. send it back."

=======================================
[362] Magic Association (8)





All the wizards in the bunker walked to the lift.

Shirone didn't understand what the situation was like now. Why is it inconsistent? Even if he blocked the photon cannon, it was Gaold's greatness, not his own ugliness.

'Isn't this enough power?'

No, what level had Gaold been demanding of himself from the beginning?

"The president of the association."

Everyone who was waiting for the elevator to come down turned their heads to Shirone.

"Give me one more chance."

Flew snorted in embarrassment. How dare you ask a first-class archmage for a second chance. He was more than audacious and it was clear he had no respect for the Association.

But this time, she didn't have to step out. Gaold was walking towards Shirone with cold eyes.

His thoughts were the same as the flu. Toys that lost their play value were trash.

"Are you misunderstanding something? this is not the place for you I'm here to test the quality of being my tool. But you didn't even get through that."

Shirone also admitted that he was wrong.

"I won't ask you to treat me the same as before. If you give me a chance, it doesn't matter if it's a real match. So give me another chance to demonstrate."

The emotion faded from Gaold's face. All that was left was a cool life.

He is not an authoritative person. But he wasn't even good enough to accept the treatment of an unbecoming kid.

"May I attack? I mean, do you want to stick with me?"

"It's not that we stick together... ... ."

"shut up."

As lifeblood erupted from Gaold, Shirone's vision was blocked. Then, a curtain of fire engulfed all around, and a sea of ??fire spread all over it.

Even though I knew it was a hallucination, I felt like I was burning my flesh with the heat. The sounds of pain, screaming, and lamentation filled her head, and she was unable to think.

Guessing Shirone's condition, Fleur's face turned pale.

'It was a big deal. I really intend to kill him.'

Those who fall into Gaold's self-denial, the great heat hell, are crushed by terrible fear and their minds are destroyed. It was a terrifying ability that, over time, could suffocate and kill a person with just emotions.

However, Shirone was not consumed by fear. He didn't shed a tear, and his knees didn't tremble. He was just calmly looking at the great heat of hell.

"Uh, how... ... ?"

Fleur couldn't accept Shirone's calmness. Could it be that it is not a great heat hell? But Gaold's grotesque face was no different from when he terrified himself.

'This is what Mr. Flew suffered. He's terrifying.'

Shirone even turned her head to look at her surroundings. Then, thinking that the tour of hell was enough, I stared at the front again.

His eyes pierced the front. Although he couldn't see it with his eyes, Gaold was supposed to be standing in the real space.

'Mikea Gaold... ... .'

When I heard about it from Flew, I thought he was just an exceptionally strong wizard. However, looking at the hell spread out in front of him, he could guess what kind of life he had lived and how far he had fallen.

Shirone closed her eyes and put her thoughts together. Even if something other than hell is unfolding before your eyes, the incarnation defined by the perfect law will not be shaken.

Shirone's eyes widened. The sea of ??fire split into left and right sides, and in an instant, hell disappeared. Then I saw Gaold's face, revealing the whites and laughing like a monster.

"Cheuk, kuk, kuk."

Gaold let out a throat-scratching laugh and shrugged his shoulders. Then, looking at Shirone with her burning eyes, she said.

"Beyond the mind."

He seemed to know why Kang Nan, who was pessimistic about this incident, had brought Shirone. Although he did not know his immediate skills, his talent was a material that could definitely go first-class.

"Spirit transcendence? Are you eighteen now?"

Gando muttered with a shocked face.

Flu was equally as absurd. She knows what mental transcendence is. However, the deeper she dug, the more vague concepts she didn't know were drawn rather than enlightenment.

"Hmm."

Gaold stroked his chin and thought.

The reason I thought of including Shirone in the project wasn't because she was strong. Currently, those who are stronger than Shirone are widely spread throughout the world. But the idea is definitely genius.

A battery with a unique mass endowment among Unlockers. Numerous practical magics that follow from there.

Shirone is a lumber that can add genius to the team he organizes. His talent for finding breakthroughs in any situation becomes a key code that can create variables in adverse situations.

In that sense, returning the mind of a first-class archmage was also a talent.

"You want to go to practice? Do you know what that means?"

"Yes. I know you're not the kind of person to be moderate. It's okay to die."

Gando was worried about Shirone's beating. A mage could easily speak of death. However, in a situation where one must die, no magician would say such a thing.

"good. But let's ask one thing first."

said Gaold, his eyes widening.

"Why do you want to die?"

Shirone shut his mouth.

Perhaps he is the only one who sees even a little bit of the possibility of life in this place. That fact made my body tremble like the chill of a winter night.

Gaold changed the question slightly.

"So I mean... ... what are you imagining? What conclusion did you reach? Do you know why I called you? You don't know anything, do you think that something important enough to risk your life is behind me?"

"I don't know anything. But I guess."

"Hoo? for example?"

Shirone remembered the face of Archangel Ikael. He was a warm and kind angel. However, he was once also an archangel powerful enough to destroy Kergo Ruins.

why is she... ... Did she entrust the future to herself?

"For once, there is someone you must meet."

The first thing I thought of was after going through something in Kazura Kingdom. To be precise, from when Guffin's security device was unlocked.

Behemoth, who knew the answer, disappeared along with mental transcendence, but the question engraved in his mind was still haunting him. That's why he must meet Ikael.

Shirone's answer did not fit into the options Gaold expected. Though he felt that he was an interesting child, he felt that he should not let things go. He doesn't like talkative people.

"Are you saying you're going to use the association for your personal business as a kid?"

Shirone did not answer. Gaold's question was emotional, and that's why it missed the point. He didn't need words for questions he didn't need to answer.

Gaold turned around as if that was enough.

"Okay, I'll give you one last chance. The break is one hour."

After casting Ataraxia, his mental strength must have been quite exhausted.

However, Shirone shook her head. There was something more useful than restoring one's sanity if the other party would provide convenience.

"it's okay. Instead, there are other conditions."

Shirone took out Armand from her waist.

"Please allow me to use the Keumgang Armament. I think there should be an advantage to this level."

Gaold looked at the sword in Shirone's hand. The object called <Demonic Sword Armand> was already known even before it fell into Shirone's hands.

"I thought you were a less-than-sophisticated guy, but you seem to be grasping the subject."

Doing my best even though I know I can't win means that I risked my life and death this time. It wasn't a bad suggestion for Gaold either, since it would save time anyway.

"However, hearing only one object does not change anything. So let's set the rules."

Gaold compressed the air over his palms. Transparent spheres flickered as the density increased.

"As you can see, what I use is air magic that anyone can learn. Among them, the press series. I'm not good at magic, so I don't know anything complicated. I'm just here because I'm a little stronger than the others."

A bitter smile formed on Shirone's lips. If the magician who could block Ataraxia with one hand had a little more power, all the magicians in the world would have to be said to be dead.

Gaold clenched his fists, and air bubbles burst with a pop.

"Anyway, here are the rules. I'm going to get ataraxia once again with the bakum press. The difference from before is that it only casts attack magic on you once."

Gaold pointed his index and middle fingers at Shirone. A small bubble of air formed on the tip of my finger.

"As you can see, the magic that will attack you is an air gun. The principle is simple. It compresses the air and releases it. Will this be enough for 10,000 presses? I don't know."

Gaold's arm bounced up quickly. The air bubbles that had been compressed with tremendous force exploded, and an eardrum-shattering roar was heard.

The air gun that passed by Shirone landed at the end of the bunker. Until then, Shirone wasn't even aware that something had passed. My ears were just ringing. Then he felt a vibration and slowly looked back.

A huge circle dented in the center of where the air gun struck, and cracks stretched out in all directions.

The radius of the crack was approximately 20 meters in diameter. Also, I couldn't confirm it, but the size of the air gun was probably no more than 2cm in diameter.

Shirone couldn't even blink and looked back blankly. He was waving his hand from which he had fired the air gun, and Old was laughing.

"Well, it's a child's play magic, but it'll sting a little if you get hit."

it stings? Even the Geumgang Armed Forces, equipped with the best defensive posture, were instantly killed the moment they were hit. However, it didn't sound like a joke because it came from the mouth of a first-class archmage.

"anyway. Try your best."

Shirone's lips trembled as he smiled.

He's a strong enough person to be afraid of, but on the other hand, that's why I wanted to challenge him.

When the photon cannon is fired with Armand's four major combinations of magical power amplification, immortal function, mental transcendence, and ataraxia, how far can its power soar?

"Geumgang Armed Forces."

Standing upright, Armand swallowed Shirone, and the transformation ended in an instant. His cybernetic body whirled around and landed on Shirone's shoulder.

"let's begin."

Despite Shirone's changed appearance, Gaold was relaxed. He wiggled his fingers while maintaining the shape of the air gun. Then, as if being dragged, Shirone attacked.

Halo was already drawn where he was standing. Thanks to the time-sharing ability of others, Ataraxia began to accumulate faster than before.

'It's a division operation. It's pretty fast too. If this is enough, I'll cut off 50 invitations, right?'

Shirone created a blade made of bone from her gauntlet and wielded it. However, Garold still kept an eye on Ataraxia and shook only his upper body to evade all attacks.

'You can't win with brute force either. The actual experience is different.'

Shirone pushed desperately. The bunker was so wide that it was a loss to stick tentacles into it. However, to that extent, Armand's physical augmentation ability was maximized.

'What are you doing?'

Flew tilted her head.

Even though both of them were wizards, they were not casting magic. Gaold could only try the air gun once, so even so, it was strange that Shirone insisted on hand-to-hand combat.

"Why don't you show your longevity? If it's time-sharing, there's one slot left, right? There might be a chance of winning if you fire attack magic continuously. The president of the Association cannot even use defensive magic."

Gando said without taking his eyes off the battlefield.

"Because they're both serious."

"Yes?"

Caught in tension, Gando had no time to continue his explanation.

Anyway, there is no meaning in the movement they are unfolding now. The match would eventually end in an instant.

'perhaps... ... Something completely unexpected could happen.'

=======================================
[363] Magic Association (9)





Shirone blindly swung the blade and continued the offensive. Gaold, who was calmly dodging the attacks one by one, raised the corners of his mouth.

'That's correct. You got the first one right.'

Shirone isn't sparing her magic, she's not using it. Gaold only had one chance to attack. However, that once would kill Shirone with a probability close to 100%.

'No attack magic! First of all, I have to block it unconditionally!'

If Gaold was sincere, there was no way he would wait for Ataraxia to be completed. must die before that. Therefore, all attacks were in vain. Instead, he focused all his attention on Gaold's reaction.

'When? When is it?'

Time-sharing can complete two batteries at the same time, but there was no room to mount Photon Cannons in the remaining slots except for Ataraxia. Air guns should be avoided. Failure would only result in death.

'... ... I'm sure you're thinking.'

It sounded like he could hear Shirone's head rolling.

Of course, this is your best decision. If there was one misjudgment, it was that I thought the power and speed of the air gun would be the same as before.

'Did you really think you could stop it? It's a pity then.'

Gaold had no intention of looking after Shirone's circumstances. He gave me two chances, and even set a rule so that only one counterattack was allowed. With this level of balance, the matter of life and death is entirely up to Shirone. What if you still can't win? What can I do, he has to die.

Right before Ataraxia was completed, Gaold held out his finger.

'Goodbye, Shirone.'

At the same time, Armand, who had been waiting to respond to only one response, hit the ground with his tentacles and retreated.

But even that was already within Gaold's expected range.

'This will be on a different level.'

Gaold fired the air gun as soon as he compressed the air without giving him the same leeway as before. There was a sound like metal breaking, and air bullets flew at great speed.

Shirone couldn't see, couldn't feel. That is the limit of humans who cannot open their schema. But he had another way out: imagination.

It was Lee Ji-seonda's choice that was designed in advance. If Gaold attacks before Ataraxia is completed, it means he will kill himself. Therefore, there was only one area to defend.

'Amgu!'

A black sphere was born in front of Shirone's face. It was a magic that could not be reached even through the Behemoth's forced rebound, but a small gravitational field was generated when it was over-faced with the power of transcendence.

The air gun that had been flying towards my forehead was sucked into the darkness with a hiss.

He had a record of eating a ton of plants in Kazura, but Gaold's air gun was on a different level. The black orb, unable to handle the energy, exploded in front of Shirone's eyes, creating a shock wave.

"Keugh!"

Armand's robe hardened in an instant to protect the owner. Blown away by the shock, Shirone jumped to the side, sticking his tentacles into the ground. Ataraxia, which had been completed before I knew it, was emitting a brilliant light.

'Magic boost!'

Shirone held out both of her hands and focused on the two magic power amplifiers in her palms. As the powerful Photon Cannon was born, it created small bubbles of light like water droplets around it.

'Immortal function here!'

The photon cannon rapidly expanded, pushing air in all directions. As the golden light vibrated in a dizzying fashion, afterimages formed on the retinas of those watching.

'Beyond the mind!'

When the mass was given to the limit, the mass of photons the size of a human torso shook so intensely that it could be seen with the naked eye. The noise of the mass spinning wildly was louder than the sound of thunder.

Fleur's face went white.

According to the rules, Gaold can no longer attack Shirone. On the contrary, Shirone's Photon Cannon was so powerful that it couldn't be compared to the first cast.

'How can light be compressed that much?'

Shirone frowned even more as if he was still not satisfied.

'A little more! little bit more... ... !'

Anyway, Gaold can't attack himself. Dodge, block, or both. If so, you should make it impossible to avoid.

"Aaaaaaa!"

After pouring out everything available, a white orb reminiscent of a supernova was born. It is extremely amplified through ataraxia. Perhaps the entire bunker would be filled with energy.

Gaold muttered with a bitter smile.

"Damn it... ... ."

Flash!

A huge wave of light pushed the entire radius.

Even Kang Nan and the others standing behind Ataraxia turned their heads at the flash of light that burned their retinas. Even with my eyes closed, I could see the shape.

But Shirone could see. It was because Armand blocked 98 percent of the light entering the owner's eyes.

Then, a scene like deja vu unfolded before my eyes. The edge of the light quickly tightened, and the unimaginable atmospheric pressure trapped the energy of the Photon Cannon in the Bakum Press.

"Great!"

Gaold frowned and tightened the Bakum press even harder. As the energy finally stabilized, it gathered into an orb of light smaller than the palm of my hand.

Shirone was stunned.

'That person... ... Are you really human?'

Gaold crouched like a beast, arms hanging down. His hair was bleached white without a single strand left. As he clenched his fists, the Bakum Press exploded and the Photon Cannons dissipated.

"Whoa. It was close."

Shirone was not the only one surprised. Neither Flew nor Gando had ever seen Old's hair bleached while assisting him.

Gaold stayed bent over for a long time. Then he turned to Shirone and smiled his eyes.

"... ... Passed."

"I passed out already."

Kang Nan raised his glasses and entered the middle of the bunker.

Shirone was lying on the floor as if dead. Now, I don't lose my mind to the extent that I made full use of Ataraxia, but anyone can see that this demonstration was the best shot.

"Geuk, you completely squeezed it out. well, good."

Gaold brushed off his tingling arm a couple of times, then picked up the cord that had fallen on the floor and slung it over his shoulder.

Kang Nan stared at Gaold's hair, which had been leaking white. The Bakum press this time meant that Gaold was also sincere. so it's passable

"You dye your hair. I'm already worn out, but I look older."

"Leave it alone. will grow again Are you saying it's fashionable to bleach your hair these days?"

"I heard that. But the face of the president of the association is not fashionable."

"Hahaha!"

Raising his head and laughing heartily, Gaold headed for the elevator.

He pressed the button and turned to Fleur.

"Hey, kid."

"Yes Yes!"

Flew, very nervous, responded, taking a posture.

I thought I knew a lot about Gaold during the two years I lived there, but I was wrong. Did he ever know that Old was not real?

Gaold pointed at the fallen Shirone with his chin and said.

"Take it and eat it. When you wake up, go to my room."

"Yes! All right!"

That was all Gaold showed interest in Flew.

Flew looked at him sadly.

Crying, pouring tears and snot, shouting that I respect you. She was her biggest courage in her entire life. But she did not seem to arouse any emotion in Garold. No, maybe she had already been erased from her memory.

"Flu."

Gando put his hand on Fleur's shoulder and said.

"I won't take Shirone."

"Oh, no. Of course I have to."

"Men are heavy. If you go up to the first floor, you can't even use magic."

Gando went into the bunker, put Shirone's arm on her, and lifted her up. Then he skillfully turned his body back and put him on his back.

Gando's voice reached Fleur's ears after watching for a long time.

"That was great, Fleur."

It didn't take long for Gando's words to be understood in his head. A thin smile was engraved on Plu's lips as he looked at Gando with teary eyes.

"thank you."



worst project (1)





Shirone opened her eyes. Her head throbbed for a moment, but then she felt refreshed.

The place where he was lying was the recovery room of the Magic Association. The capsule, large enough for one adult, had a glass ceiling and soft cushions.

Shirone blinked a few times before the glass ceiling swung to the side. Flew's shabby face came through the narrow field of vision.

"how? Are you okay?"

"Ah yes. What happened?"

"I lost consciousness in the bunker. It's because you cast magic forcibly. From next time, increase the density even if it means reducing the spirit zone. It will prevent brain overload."

Fleur's voice was softer than before. It was awkward for her as a Shirone, but she didn't show it because she read the sadness in her eyes.

"thank you."

Shirone raised his upper body.

The same capsules as the one he had been lying on were lined up. Most of the glass ceilings were open, but someone was sleeping in a corner.

Flew turned to him and said.

"It's a duty officer. Sleep capsules increase mental activity. Don't push yourself too hard though. It is not omnipotent."

Shirone got out of the capsule and stretched. Her head was clear as if she had been in a deep sleep.

"How much time has passed?"

"2 hours. Surprisingly quick recovery. I was expecting about six hours."

Shirone, confident in her mental endurance, satisfactorily warmed up. Then he slowly turned his gaze to look at Fleur. Unlike a few hours ago, I felt a strange sense of distance.

"there... ... ."

"Follow. The president of the association is looking for you."

Before he could speak, Flew walked towards the exit. Shirone followed her to her platform. As she waited for her lift, she checked her floor number.

"I'm telling you in case you didn't hear, but you passed."

I had no time to listen to Gaold because I passed out immediately after casting the photon cannon. However, seeing Fleur's downcast appearance, he expected it to some extent.

"thank you."

"You don't have to thank me. You will go to heaven with the association president."

Flew said what he knew.

Anyway, from now on Shirone would hear the highest level of secrecy that she would never have access to. She no longer had to watch her mouth.

"And we will be latecomers. Of course I am, but neither Gando nor Gaold can directly assist. It must be an operation of such a high level."

Fleur turned to Shirone.

"I don't know exactly what you're trying to do. But Ga Old said it was a project he had dedicated his whole life to. If there are helpers, they'll be the best wizards, and that's why they'll be a small elite. You are included in it."

Realizing what Fleur meant, Shirone felt apologetic. Being able to do something with someone as strong as Gaold was the highest honor as a wizard.

"sorry. I didn't mean to upset you."

Ataraxia is a secret technique that Shirone risked her life to learn. However, there were many wizards in the world who would throw away their lives as much as they could if they could raise their level. He was the reason why he couldn't just say he was handsome.

Flew smiled and shook his head.

To be honest, I ignored Shirone with the same thoughts. It was a blow to her pride that she was chosen by an old man with a magic she had obtained from someone else.

However, after watching him fight Gaold in the bunker, his thoughts changed. Flo also could die for Old, but he didn't have the guts to risk his life like Shirone.

"Don't think like that. Because you deserve the approval of the association president."

Hearing this from Flew was different from hearing it from anyone else. It was a short time, but the time when the shooter and the assistant shooter passed by like a kaleidoscope.

Sensing Shirone's sweet eyes, Fleur stepped back with a disgusted expression. Her hastily regaining her former form, she pointed her finger as if striking an enemy force penetrating her defenses.

"But it's still a long way off! I acknowledge the power of Ataraxia, but I need to refine it further to compensate for the risk. A real wizard must be able to respond to numerous anomalies."

Shirone did not listen. Flew's ability to subdue the vampires in Gold City was certainly outstanding enough to deserve the magic association's employee card around his neck.

"Yes. I'll work hard, senior."

"huh!"

The elevator door opened with a clear electronic sound.

=======================================
[364] Worst Project (2)





Shirone arrived on the 18th floor. Any employee could come here, but crossing the door of the president's office was a completely different matter.

Fleur said to Shirone, who stood in front of the door and took a deep breath.

"Listen. Beyond this door is the president of the association."

Shirone looked back at Fleur.

"What you hear here must never leak out. Because it is different from what I know. I won't ask you anything in the future. So don't be shy either."

Shirone could feel Fleur's determination. And he risked his life to get here too. I wondered what Ga Old would say, but at the same time I wanted him to be able to handle it.

Fleur knocked on the door in place of Shirone.

"Shirone is here."

The door opened and Kang Nan showed his face. After looking outside her first, she turned to Shirone.

"You're here. He recovered quickly."

"Yes. Thanks for caring."

"come in. Flu goes down and does his business. Good work."

Flew wasn't disappointed. From now on, it was no area for him to intervene.

"I just did what I had to do. then."

After Fleur left, Kang Nan opened the door wide.

Garold, who had finished dyeing, was burying himself on an old sofa in the president's office. The wallpaper smelled of acrid cigars.

"Are you here? sit down."

After sitting across from Gaold, Kang Nan served tea.

nobody spoke up All three of them knew who should open the fire.

"The labyrinth... ... ."

Gaold finally spoke.

"He is my schoolmate."

"Yes, I know."

"He was such a strange kid. No, should I say stupid? One day he said he could create life. So I asked him to try it, and he said he needed a cadaver."

Gaold started the story from the maze. Shirone also pricked up her ears because she was as curious about the person named Miro as she was about Gaold.

"So I sneaked into the anatomy lab and took out the cadaver. Only tissue was harvested. Of course, if caught, she was expelled, but she didn't care at all. Then she was taken to the lab and there was a fish tank on her table. Strange devices are placed next to it, and the hoses are tangled and stuck... ... ."

Gaold floundered exaggeratedly as if he was too lazy to express himself.

"Yes, I think I know where it is."

"They put all sorts of strange things in the tank. It was a very disgusting sight. So I said I would just go back, but they held on to me until the end. I have work to do. In the end, I was stranded and caught."

I couldn't believe that there was a time when Gaold, who seemed to overwhelm the world with just his eyes, was stuck in Miro. Just imagining it made me smile.

"So ready. Miro gave me a little cup. Then take the semen for a long time."

"Cool! Cool!"

Coincidentally, while drinking tea, Shirone's neck was choked.

"That, so... ... Did you give it to me?"

"Am I crazy? Of course I shouted no and ran away, no, I left. But the next day, he said where did he get it from? He said he bought it. The experiment resumed. Boiling it made the water very disgusting. Miro called it primordial soup. i made a bet If anything comes out here, I'll run to school wearing only my panties."

Shirone smiled. It seemed that school life had not changed then or now.

"A month after the appointment, I went back to the lab. Miro was completely agitated and beside himself. I couldn't understand What do you really think will come out of it? It was just that he was a very erratic kid, so he was just playing along."

"haha! Yes."

At that moment, the emotion disappeared from Gaold's face.

"But there was."

"... ... Yes?"

"The disgusting fluid had already dried up, and the tank was covered in sticky slime. And inside were living creatures I had never seen before."

"I wonder if you brought it from somewhere... ... ."

Gaold shook his head.

"no. I thought so too at first. But no matter what creature humans imagine, patterns based on knowledge will emerge. But that was completely different. It was a creature born in a truly unique environment."

Shirone couldn't believe it.

But Gaold's eyes were sincere. Even after he became a first-class great wizard, his eyes still trembled in shock as he recalled the situation at the time.

"I'm sure you would have thought the same as me if you were there. A sense of heterogeneity felt from instinct, not from the head. The creature was completely different from us."

"Mr. Miro... ... How did you make it?"

Is it possible for humans to create life? Currently, the area that mankind has reached is only about Harvest, a magical creature with mobility. No one calls a harvest a creature.

"Miro kept quiet about it. He told me that today's events should never be known. But now I have a vague idea. Miro is the greatest scale wizard in the world. In the specific space he created, he would be able to quickly turn back hundreds of millions of years."

"Are you saying that primitive life evolved?"

"It could be. Anyway, that's not what's important. It doesn't matter that I had to run through school in my underwear. Thanks to that, I was branded as a pervert."

'Those things don't seem to matter.'

Shirone struggled to swallow the words that filled his throat.

Understanding Shirone's feelings, Gaold smiled. Of course, that doesn't mean that what I just said was a joke.

"Miro knew the creature wouldn't live long. In the end, he died a week later. Miro cried a lot that day. If that's the case, she'll think why did she make it, but she was such a weirdo. She couldn't catch the bell."

Shirone nodded. Just from the anecdote Gaold told me, he was by no means an ordinary person.

"It's not just living things. She was a creative genius. She created all sorts of unexpected inventions. How could she do that, she asked, and she said she could see it. When you hear the name of an object, the principle comes to mind."

"name... ... If you hear it?"

There was one thing that popped into Shirone's mind.

"yes. Maybe she has reached the Akashic Records. In any case, Miro quickly rose to prominence in the wizarding community. I opened Immortal Function a long time ago and thought it could twist space-time with magnetic force. But I wasn't interested in success. She was like a woman whose head was full of curiosity. That is how the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society was formed."

"Yes. I belong there too."

Shirone felt proud to belong there.

"Geuk, congratulations on twisting your life. There are three founding members. There's me, Miro, and another stupid guy named Sein."

"A person named Sein has Servant Syndrome, right? I made the master key of Estas."

"what... ... I'm not particularly fond of him."

Gaold simply omitted the explanation. It was a shame for Shirone, who wanted to hear where he was and what he was doing by now.

"And... ... From now on, this is top secret you need to hear."

As Gaold corrected his expression, Shirone swallowed too.

"As a result, Miro's genius took the worst of the situation. The 12 monarchs with the most powerful power in the world, the 'Holy War', began to keep an eye on the labyrinth. They have been keeping an eye on the affairs of heaven for a long time. That's how the Valkyries of the Temple Army were created."

Shirone's expression darkened. The reason Orkamp, ??the king of Khazra, called him was to use Ataraxia to exert influence within the Valkyries.

"The Crusade, realizing that the final war was imminent, sought an heir to Guffin. In the process, the maze was won. A girl with a bright future quickly became a breakwater for humanity. can you guess The feeling of being trapped forever in a world of your own, carrying the fate of never growing old or dying?"

Shirone did not dare to respond.

"Finally, the trial began in the presence of renowned leaders from around the world. It is a day called the 20 Judges. The Empire's first-class envoys, the Pope of Lamie, a person called the Living Saint, the head of a human rights organization, and so on. To balance things out, Miro's teacher, Alpheas, and Tormia Kingdom Teachers' Association auditor, Olivia, also received the right to vote. The result was 16 for, 1 against, and 3 abstentions. In the end, it was concluded that Miro passed away."

"How did you do that... ... ."

For Miro, it is weighing the lives of mankind and her own. Even if the decision was made voluntarily, it would not make sense for only 20 people to get together and put an end to one person's life when doubts about the truth were not enough.

"yes. The whole process was too complicated for me, but the world seemed to flow extremely easily. No one objected to the proposition that all mankind could be saved with the sacrifice of one person. After so many hectic days, the day to leave finally came. And the maze... ... ."

Gaold's voice suddenly fell silent, and then the words disappeared. He was lost in thought, his gaze fixed on the meaningless space.

As his breathing became rough, thread veins rose in his eyes. Tears that did not match her strong face were welling up in her unclosed eyes.



- Please save Maze! I have lived my whole life as a servant of God without shame! I can give you my soul! So please Miroman... ... !

-Did you say Gaold?

-please... ... God bless this little servant! God's mercy... ... !

-God will also forgive us.



Shirone looked around with a surprised expression. As if an earthquake had occurred, the equipment in the room rattled and trembled.

'what?'

Turning her head to Gaold, Shirone gasped for breath. Perhaps his tears had dried up, but Old's eyes were filled with an inexplicable storm of emotions.

The scenery changed, and a huge fire blazed.

A sense of intimidation that is different from what I experienced in the bunker. The difference was that this time Gaold was also in the hell.

Gaold's eyes curled up, revealing the whites. His face was completely distorted, his teeth baring his lips grotesquely torn.

'Ugh! This is too much.'

He was holding on with the power of incarnation, but real physical force, not his mind, was at work. If I continued like this, the 18th floor might explode.

Kang Nan's low, sharp voice came through the flames.

"The president of the association."

Like a lie, the scenery of hell has disappeared. Garold narrowed his eyes as if he had come back to his senses.

Only then could Shirone breathe. She didn't even know that her whole body was drenched in cold sweat.

Gaold leaned back on the sofa as if nothing had happened. But he couldn't hear the story of the 20 judges from him anymore.

"Anyway, just like that, Miro passed away. Since that day, I have planned a project, and now it is only left to be realized. That is why I asked to see you."

Shirone calmed her startled heart and finished preparing to listen. After watching Shirone like that for a while, Old erected his upper body as if to bounce off and pushed her face.

"I will destroy the space-time of the labyrinth."

"... ... ."

Shirone put Gaold's words into her head. And analyzed the meaning. The feeling after realizing it was much more eerie than when I first heard it.

"The space-time of the labyrinth... ... Destroy?"

It meant to bring back the maze. From Gaold's point of view, it was natural.

But when that happens... ... This world would be on the verge of destruction.

"If the time-space of the labyrinth disappears... ... ."

"yes. Heaven's army will attack. Eight archangels, dozens of ordinary angels, hundreds of fallen angels, thousands of maras, giants and fairies, subjects armed with the firepower of ancient magic, schema, and mecha weapons. Whichever side wins, the world we live in will be devastated. I am telling you that."

Gaold did not hide the truth. This is because the resolution that has not changed even once in 20 years will not be shaken now.

Shirone rubbed her face with both hands. He was frustrated that his insecurities had become true. No, it was a much bigger problem than I expected in the first place.

It was to rescue a woman by holding all the lives in this world as collateral. She was not frightened or made a fuss about her. When she faced a level of trouble she couldn't handle, she felt rather cold in her head.

"Is there a way?"

If Maze could have been brought back, Gaold would have done so right away. In the end, he could only see that there was a condition at stake that would be difficult to achieve in any way.

"Of course it is."

Gaold smiled pleasantly. I trusted more than before in Shirone's appearance that never misses the point in any situation.

=======================================
[365] Worst Project (3)





"The time-space of the labyrinth is balanced at the halfway point between heaven and here. Let's call it pressure for ease of understanding. After all, you are squeezing the maze with the pressure on both sides equal. But what if the pressure on one side suddenly disappears?"

Shirone was horrified at the thought of Gaold's words.

"pop! The labyrinth will be shattered into pieces. That's why you can't bring the maze out. From the moment she created the dimensional wall, she was trapped there."

"But Heaven's position is different."

"yes. Heaven doesn't care about life and death in the labyrinth. It's enough for them to break down the dimensional wall and invade. A good example is the crack in the space-time of the labyrinth this time."

"Is that possible? That must be a lot of pressure."

"It's not impossible if the archangels do their best. They are the ones who handle the power of the moment the universe began. Amplified Ikael. Kariel of birth, Uriel of destruction, etc. it was all over However, Miro is also a genius who is hard to come out twice in the human world. That's why he became the successor of Guffin. Anyway, if I had closed her rift, she would have gone into a state of sedation. If she can't bring herself to her senses on her own, the situation has gotten worse. That's why we need reinforcements on our side as well. That is Shirone, you."

A heavy burden pressed down on Shirone's chest.

There are many strong people in the world. I couldn't understand Gaold who dared to point out himself while leaving such people behind.

"What can I do?"

"In ancient times, the Nephilim led humans to heaven. However, it was revealed that pure Nephilim no longer exist after the erasure of the Guffin. All that remains is the ruins of the Guffin. Which means, Heaven also has no way to approach us without the remains of the Guffin. So we... ... ."

Gaold paused. It was the wariness that arises at the moment when the secret that only one knows about the Kang Nan should finally go into the ears of a third person.

"Hacking the Akashic Records will change the coordinates of this world."

"The Akashic Records... ... Hacking?"

It was so absurd that I didn't even have time to argue.

Above all, the Akashic Records are the totality of the law changing the parts through the whole. Regardless of whether it was possible or not, something serious would happen if you mishandled it.

"Is it really okay? If you change the coordinates... ... ."

If the meaning of a single word changes, the world will be completely different. It's easy to say that it's a Guffin erasure, but it's like no one knows what the world was like before the Guffin erasure.

"Of course, it could be a disaster for humans. But that won't happen. It's not the interplanetary coordinates we're trying to change."

"then... ... ?"

Gaold raised his index finger up and said.

"Change the coordinates of the beginning."

Shirone did not answer for a moment. It took me a while to understand what he was saying.

"So, the beginning of the universe?"

"yes. It will be 4-dimensional coordinates by adding time to 3-dimensional spatial coordinates. Although it is exactly 11 dimensions. If you change the coordinates of the beginning, the events after birth do not change. Then, in the end, Heaven will no longer find us."

"Because the absolute value has changed even though the relative value has remained the same."

It was different from the Guffin erasure. This is because you are not resetting the world, you are changing the initialization point.

As if he understood correctly, Gaold nodded.

"That's right. Because the coordinates have changed, the pressure on the maze also disappears. Then we escape with the maze. After that, seal all the remains of the Guffins all over the world, and that's it. You will be forever goodbye to heaven."

For Shirone, the operation finally came closer to reality.

Of course, success is still unpredictable, but at least in theory it was possible. And if it is theoretically possible, it is human beings who eventually reach it.

'The final war can be avoided. No one can die.'

Shirone asked after tidying up to that point.

"If I participate in the project, what role will I play?"

Gaold liked Shirone's if subjunctive. Assuming the worst was a natural child, and such prudence would benefit the team.

"The Akashic Records are in Ingris of Jebul. But heaven can only pass freely from the top to the bottom. Therefore, in order to enter Jebul without blood, you must pass through Arabot."

Shirone recalled what he had experienced in heaven. If Ikael had not invited him to Araboth, he would not have even been able to approach Zebul, the resting place of angels.

"Then the key is how to break through Arabot. Most of Heaven's security devices are designed as mecha systems. Therefore, we will paralyze the mecha system and infiltrate Ingris."

"Is that possible?"

Shirone, who had firsthand experience of how sophisticated Heaven's mecha system was, was hard to readily agree with.

"Use the ancient weapon Tagis. A weapon that generates powerful electromagnetic waves (EMP). If you intercept it with the Targis, you can temporarily bring down the mecha system. There is only one unsettling factor."

Shirone's face hardened with tension. It would have been his job to remove that anxiety factor.

"The Akashic Records in Ingris are rebooted within 2 minutes through secondary storage when abnormally terminated. In other words, the time given to us to change the coordinates of the beginning is only two minutes."

"What if I use Tagis for secondary storage?"

Gaold burst into laughter when he saw Shirone who had the same thoughts as himself.

"It wasn't something I didn't consider. However, as a result of the investigation, the auxiliary memory device is not a mecha system."

The mecha system is a technology similar to magic engineering based on electrical power, and it is a system optimized for systematically classifying the Akashic Records.

"If it's not the Mecca System, what on earth can you store the Akashic Records for?"

Something flashed in Shirone's mind.

"no way... ... ."

Gaold nodded with a serious face.

"yes. There is another Akashic Record in Heaven besides Ingris. It is Anker Rada."

Shirone guessed what Gaold was trying to say, and her heart pounded.

"It is estimated that Anke Ra may have been the first life form to perceive the universe. And for complete control, we created Ingris. As long as he remains intact, we will eventually have to fight against time. But what if the opposite situation? The success rate of the operation will increase dramatically."

Shirone let out a deep sigh.

"Are you telling me to assassinate Anchera?"

Gaold waved his hand as if to say something.

"No, no. You are very seriously mistaken. I'm telling you to blow up heaven."

Shirone's eyes flashed as if struck by lightning.

Destroy heaven? Putting aside the absurdity, it didn't even make sense rationally.

The enormity of heaven can be vividly drawn even if you close your eyes and think about it right now. By what means did he fly to heaven?

"What do I do that the president of the association cannot do?"

It was a question that struck a chord. But Gaold's eyes were full of conviction.

"You can. No, ataraxia can do it. The reason I blocked your attack wasn't because Ataraxia was poor. Because your photon cannon was weak."

Even Shirone couldn't deny that.

The original owner of Ataraxia is Archangel Ikael. And she had a history of amplifying Galliant's volcanic activity 20,000 times and ending the Kergos in an instant.

"But it is the same. Only I can use Ataraxia, and it is impossible to increase the power of the Photon Cannon in a short period of time."

"So I am asking you. If it's you, maybe you can find a way."

Shirone was frustrated. He seemed so immersed in the project that he couldn't understand what was being said.

"Even if you say that, how can you... ... ."

"Shirone."

Gaold's eyes penetrated Shirone.

"can do. No, you have to. Raising the power of the Photon Cannon is probably one way. But if that's not possible, find another way. Ataraxia is more powerful magic than any ancient weapon possessed by the temple. Try to understand everything about Ataraxia. and find a way It is not a genius to run fast on the path that others have walked. Genius is creating something that doesn't exist. You have developed countless magics through your own batteries. I'm putting my hopes on your genius."

Gaold raised his index finger.

"1 year. Within the next year, develop magic that can produce destructive power that exceeds Heaven's durability. If possible, flying all seven skies is the best. Even if not, at least you have to create enough power to not restore the mecha system."

Shirone was speechless. His head was so full of thoughts that it was about to explode. Gaold, on the other hand, returned to his carefree expression and asked for a cigar.

"This is all that can be heard in exchange for passing. If you succeed in this, no, if you seize even the slightest bit, you will be in the advance squad one year later."

Shirone thought carefully. And he took out the last card he had saved.

"Do you really think I would do that? Something that could lead to the death of many subjects."

"Well. That would be something to think about in a year. Judgment will be made after that. Even if you don't, we go to heaven. I won't even blame you If you join the project, you become the enemy of the temple and the whole world. On the other hand, there is nothing I can give you."

"There is one condition."

Kang Nan looked back with a puzzled expression at the words that were close to half consent.

It is a life-and-death task, and the mission is also close to impossible. If things go wrong, you become a traitor to the world, and even if you succeed, you get nothing.

However, Shirone's answer contained no such calculation.

This time, even Gaold couldn't help but be surprised.

'Are you saying you're not shaken by anything other than your beliefs? yes... ... Maybe you can be my savior.'

Gaold pretended to be nonchalant and lit a cigar.

"Yes, tell me. Anything that helps the project will be supported."

"If I had the power to destroy Heaven, and if I ever reached that point... ... ."

"What if you reach it?"

"When I cast my magic, it must be after meeting someone I want to meet. If that doesn't work, I won't do anything."

"Hmm."

Gaold put the cigar between his fingers and looked up at the ceiling. I vaguely guessed who Shirone wanted to meet.

'It must be Ikael.'

Archangel who taught Shirone Ataraxia.

Of course, meeting her was for personal reasons, but now I had another reason to meet her.

But is it really possible? Considering that, the difficulty of the operation is greatly increased.

But there was no option to refuse. If Shirone really found a way to neutralize Ankera, the effect would be incomparable to the increase in difficulty.

"I will not ask who it is. But why are you trying to meet me? Is it worth meeting even turning the world into an enemy?"

Shirone responded with a question instead.

"Why is the president of the association trying to save Mr. Miro while turning the world into an enemy?"

Cigar smoke exploded from Gaold's mouth.

"Hey, I got it. Even if you don't tell me, you'll understand, but today's work is confidential. stay here for the time being I will support you with anything that will help you in this work. It will also help you in your school life. You want to graduate before you die."

"thank you."

There was no need to speculate. Now that I was on a boat, this amount of help was natural.

When the story was over, Shirone got up from the sofa and headed for the door. Holding on to the doorknob, he was lost in thought for a long time before speaking with difficulty.

"I have met Mr. Miro."

"... ... Is it?"

The answer was surprisingly bland.

Only Alpheas and his friends knew about the case of being hijacked by Maze in the infinite realm, but Gaold, who had been tracking Shirone's whereabouts, had vaguely anticipated it.

'Did I bring up something useless?'

I said it because I felt a sense of responsibility. But rather, to be calm may mean that you have been hurt beyond the scope of understanding.

"Then, I'll go."

Gaold said the moment Shirone pulled the door open.

"well... ... How are you doing?"

Shirone recalled that time.

Even thinking about it now, it wasn't a particularly good meeting. She tried to trap herself in her labyrinth of time and space, and eventually she was able to pass through the black hole and return to her original body.

Shirone looked back at Gaold and said with a smile.

"As I've heard, he's an erratic person."

"... ... ."

Shirone left and the door closed.

Gaold thought for a long time. Then he chuckled and put out a cigar in the ashtray.

"He's a good guy."

Kang Nan said with a polite and cold expression.

"Yes. Unlike the president of the association."

=======================================
[366] Special training (1)





Shirone was registered as an official tour student and ended up living in the association. He was Gang-Nan's idea that it was safe to make public statements before strange rumors began to spread.

The first thing I did was write a letter to send home. Kang Nan inspected it, and permission was granted.

I went to the city to send a telegram, and when I returned, Fleur was waiting for me on the third floor.

"Did you send the letter?"

"Yes. They said it would take about 5 days. But were you waiting for me?"

"yes. I was asked by the chief secretary."

Shirone still had the shockwave from Gaold's interview. When Kang Nan asked for something, I couldn't help but panic.

"Starting today, I will help you with your training."

While I was here, I thought Gaold would be of some help, but I didn't expect to be taught by a professional mage himself.

Even so, the reason why I can't be happy is that I got caught by Flu, the nag, and not by anyone else.

"What's wrong with your expression? Are you sick?"

"Oh, no. It's just too sudden."

"What is so sudden? Special training, or me?"

"that is... ... Both."

Flew giggled cheerfully.

"It went well. You don't have to be too nervous though. I am not teaching myself."

"What do you mean?"

Flew rummaged through his inner pockets. Sticking out his tongue and rolling his eyes, it seemed that he had put it in a fairly deep place.

"Voila! I got it from the secretary. do you know what this is?"

Flew held a large golden key in his hand.

"well. It looks like a key with a high probability."

"This is the key to the magic library, the symbol of the Magic Association! You are entering an area where no one can enter without the president's approval!"

Shirone thought about how to react for a moment. Having said that, wouldn't it be better to know what the magic library is like, whether you're happy or angry?

"What are you doing? Let's go quickly."

Although Gaold was considerate of Shirone, it was Fleur who jumped up and down with excitement.

The place she arrived with Shirone was on the 16th floor of the Association.

When the elevator door opened, a solid iron door blocked my nose.

Shirone, who stepped forward as usual, almost bumped her head.

Flew smiled knowingly and inserted the key.

The door opened automatically and a spectacle unfolded.

The entire 16th floor was a library, and the bookshelves stretched out in rows as if reflected between two mirrors.

"Come on. Are you that tour student?"

A graceful beauty in her mid-30s appeared across from the iron gate.

He was wearing a formal black suit and his black hair was neatly pulled up. Pink lipstick was applied to her light makeup, her eyebrows were trimmed thin, and her eyes with dark double eyelids were large and deep.

"Hello, Isabelle."

Fleur lowered her head politely, turned to Shirone and gestured for her to come out.

"Greetings. This is Isabel, a certified third-class wizard who is in charge of the magic library."

Shirone was startled and lowered his head. The rank and age of the face caused cognitive dissonance.

"hello. This is Ariane Shirone."

"yes. I heard from the president of the association. Since you're a talent that the Magic Association is paying attention to, work hard from now on. come in once I will guide you to the library."

Isabelle turned first, and Fleur and Shirone followed.

"This is the floor where the magic books are stored. There are about 28,000 magic books. It can be said that most of the prescribed magic registered in the kingdom is equipped."

"Yes? 28,000?"

Shirone couldn't hide her surprise and looked around.

It was said that all the books here were magic developed by someone. My body trembled with excitement.

said Flew, raising a finger as if he knew it.

"That's what I said. Coming here is a huge privilege."

Shirone couldn't hear Fleur's words properly.

There were thin books of 10 pages in the library, and thick books of 1,000 pages. Depending on the attribute and category, the color and design of the cover were different, and the height was different.

It looked like a work of art embodying the numerous magics spread throughout the world.

'Ah, that's why the archmage has to manage it.'

The omnipotence and omnipotence for specific magic are recorded in the magic book.

If you can enter the Spirit Zone and have an extraordinary mind, it contains enough detailed information to teach you new magic on your own.

In the case of advanced magic books, it would be extremely expensive even if the price was set, and if it was a collection of 28,000 books, it was a value beyond imagination to the point where it would be troublesome to count the amount.

"sorry. I couldn't believe it at first. Isabelle-sama was too young to look like a great wizard."

Isabelle covered her mouth with her fist and laughed. Most wizards have strong pride, but she seemed happy to hear that she looked younger.

"I know what you mean. But being an archmage doesn't necessarily mean being strong or destructive. I have an office job. The rank of the Red Line is determined by reputation and achievement points, but when I first came to the magic library, it was only an official 7th grade. Then, after 1,500 books of magic were sorted out for 10 years and the shooter retired, he became a 3rd class. Your achievement score has risen abnormally. Instead, your reputation is extremely low."

Achievements and fame vary greatly depending on the occupational group. That's why, while there were wizards with high combat power even in the same class, there were many others who specialized in the other direction.

If she had worked in the Magic Association's library for 10 years, Isabelle would have almost no practical experience.

However, Shirone was admiring it from a different side.

"1,500 books... ... ."

The process of registering prescribed magic is done through interviews or correspondence with magic developers.

When omniscience and omnipotence were delivered in the form of a thesis, Isabelle reviewed it, summarized it, and bound it as a magic book.

In short, it was an impossible task without an excellent understanding of magic and vast knowledge.

'Well, if I sorted out 1,500 magic books in 10 years, anyone would become a wizard.'

Of course, I didn't know that it was extremely difficult to endure those 10 years.

In that sense, Isabelle was well qualified to become a certified third-class archmage.

"Anyway, I just think of her as a comfortable older sister. To be honest, I find the title of archmage too burdensome."

It was an unfamiliar feeling to Shirone, who had only met people who were terrifying and out of common sense when talking about archmages.

But thanks to that, I was able to look around the magic library more comfortably.

Spellbooks were largely classified by system and further subdivided in chronological order.

Some were very old, and some were magic that led the latest trend.

When I saw the copy of the photonization magic, I was slightly thrilled.

After the introduction, Isabelle said to take a look around and went back to her desk.

The pen was moving by itself as she put her arms on the desk and looked at the papers.

Since Shirone had also worked at Ogent's Great Library, I could guess how much Isabel's work speed would accelerate after running for a full 10 years.

'With that kind of skill, 1,500 books in 10 years isn't impossible.'

Fleur hit Shirone on the back.

"Hey, what are you looking at? Isabelle said she was married. Are you, by any chance, your taste?"

Shirone waved his hand with a straight face.

"Absolutely not."

Either way, Flew folded her arms and trembled with emotion.

"The chief secretary said it was okay to look into anything. First, let's choose the magic you want to practice."

Take anything and learn. Shirone guessed Gaold's intentions.

In addition to training, he meant to think of hints about magic that would destroy heaven by referring to various magic.

But no matter how much it was, they gave me the right to use the magic library.

It seemed that he was not lying when he said that he would spare no support.

Flew wasn't too smart either, so he should have known that Shirone's special training was related to Gaold's project. However, as he had promised before entering the president's office, he never showed it.

'No, maybe I'm really enjoying it... ... .'

The two of them went to the place where there is a magic book of photon series, which is Shirone's specialty.

Flew looked through the books in the library and gave her advice.

There is no need to learn magic that is too simple. because the efficiency is low. For example, what would you do if you learned something like Let's make a ping-pong ball with photons and have fun!? A performance wizard would need it.

Shirone was handed the three-page book Flew said. It is a game of bouncing flares using a mirror, and it was written that the whole family can enjoy it and that it is effective for dieting.

"It's the same with magic that was developed so long ago. As it is outdated, there must have been a lot of research on countermeasures. However, there is no time to learn high-difficulty magic. You have to invest at least half a year, but you have to go back to school."

"Ah, I guess."

When I pointed out a part I hadn't thought of before, my mind was alerted.

As well as the efficiency of magic, the time to learn it must be taken into account. While in the Magic Association, finding magic that could be mastered was the key.

"Of course, the choice is yours. Likes and dislikes are involved in omnipotence. But there must be guidelines. First, choose a magic that can make up for your weaknesses. Second, choose a magic that can create a synergistic effect with the magic you can currently use. Third, strike a balance between quality and quantity. That should be enough."

So, Shirone visited the magic library every day and rummaged through the books.

The sooner you choose a magic book, the more time you have to practice, but since this isn't an opportunity that comes often, I wanted to choose carefully.

'It's a lot. It would take years to see just the photon series.'

There was magic that was trivial enough to make me laugh, there was magic that was unexpected and ingenious, and there was magic that boasted a level of extreme difficulty that made me wonder if this was possible.

It was a different world. She couldn't come to her senses like a child in a candy store.

'No, let's cool down. How resentful I would be if I didn't learn because I didn't have time.'

After adapting to the classification of magic books, Shirone intensively searched for magic that met the guidelines.

Then, 10 years ago, I found a catchy title in the Magic Corner.



Teleportation Advanced Technology: Scatter Movement



"Hmm, teleportation."

I was interested in magic because I thought it was a long term in its own way. The fact that the book is not very thick also played a role in my choice.

The neat white cover indicated that it was a photon-type magic book, and the name of the magic developer named Kindra Buki was written under the title of "Santan Movement."

"Kindra Buki. It's the first name I've heard."

Even though he didn't even know his face, Shirone respected him.

Registering independently developed magic as kingdom rule magic is left to the wizard's own discretion until his death.

That's why there must be countless unregistered magic in the world, but I couldn't help but be more sympathetic to the wizard who was willing to reveal the gist of magic for his juniors.

Without them, there would be nothing to learn at the magic school.

"Then I will read it."

Shirone reverently opened the book and read it for about 10 minutes.

"Hoo... ... I see."

It was quite an ingenious magic.

'No, this definitely works. It will also work in practice.'

The shotgun movement is a magic that spreads photon output in all directions immediately after casting teleportation.

The victim feels an optical illusion as if the wizard is spreading in all directions.

'Hmm, that means I'm going to use passive magic and move on to active magic. Passive magic lasts, so it can produce the same effect as active magic.'

From the middle of the book, omnipotence and omnipotent techniques were written about him.

While reading with her chin resting on her chin, Shirone suddenly had a wonderful idea in her head.

'What if I combine this with God Particles?'

In other words, instead of photon output, it teleports while shooting a photon cannon in all directions.

If Buki put the meaning of disruptive tactics into the shotgun movement, Shirone could evolve it into a movement skill with attack power.

=======================================
[367] Special Training (2)





"great. For now, I decided on one."

The difficulty of the Almighty was much higher than the battery for the shotgun movement.

However, it was rather fortunate for Shirone, who had strengths in the spirit zone.

As a rule of thumb, I thought I could master it in a month.

'Then you can learn one more thing. Shall we raise the level of difficulty for this one?'

Heading to the place where the new magic book was inserted, Shirone looked at the advanced difficulty column.

Books such as Time Lock Using Quantum Transformation and Magic Circle Interference According to Wave Principle were lined with books that made you feel hives just by looking at their titles.

Besides, most of them were about information magic, so it wasn't magic that was needed right away.

'pass. pass. That too passes.'

Shirone read each and every title and moved slowly. It was for advanced users only, so I didn't see any thin books.

"Oh, what about this?"

Shirone stopped walking in front of the book in the last slot.

It was about the same thickness as other books, and it wasn't information magic either. But what caught my attention most of all was the title.



laser guided technology



"It's a laser... ... ."

It is a stage that requires a high level of energy output, but Shirone easily reached it using God Particles. Being able to convert mass into energy was such a huge privilege.

However, it was a skill that ordinary wizards could conquer only by practicing for a long time. That's why the wizard who developed the laser guidance technology must have been quite an expert.

"Shall we take a look?"

The white cover of the photon series. However, as if it were a laser, a red band was wrapped around it to create an atmosphere.

After checking the name of the developer written under the title, Shirone pursed her lips in surprise.

Louis Jacobin.

'Ah, the Jacobins... ... .'

Since he was the director of the particle laboratory under the command of Tormia's dragon, he was a wizard that anyone studying photon magic should know.

When I opened the book, most of it was plastered with complicated formulas.

Shirone passed the battery for now and looked at the outline of the magic. His face, which had been reading calmly, gradually heated up.

"Awesome, this."

It was fusion magic that combined the two principles of the photon system.

Magic comes into play when you concentrate, so there is basically only one slot for thinking. Therefore, advanced mages combine two or even three attributes to demonstrate the advantages of several classes at the same time.

A brief summary of the magic developed by the Jacobins was photons equipped with laser guidance devices.

Optical fiber or a special medium is required to bend the light, but the trajectory can be changed as much as possible by inducing the target with a laser.

Above all, it was possible to track a moving target as long as it was within the range of inertia.

The Jacobins must have developed this magic for the purpose of conveying information, but the trajectory of the howitzer of the Photon Cannon was already clearly drawn in Shirone's mind.

'This is what Mr. Flew said. Magic that can compensate for weaknesses and create synergy.'

If you apply spin to the photon cannon that contains mass, a certain amount of curve is possible. However, in terms of predictive shooting, the efficiency was too low and the bending angle was not large.

'But if you learn laser guidance technology... ... .'

You can hit the opponent no matter where they move. Depending on the level, there would be a difference in precision, but for Shirone, who drew explosive firepower in a short time, it was the best magic to reduce the waste of mental power.

'great! This is my first fusion magic!'

Shirone took the magic book and looked for Fleur. As she wandered around her flame-lined corner, she turned her head away from putting her hand on her high bookshelf.

"yes? Did you pick them all?"

"Yes, here. Two volumes."

Flew looked back and forth between the two books and nodded. Although he has an advanced course, he was not a good choice to be intimidated beforehand.

"yes. First of all, I think the compatibility is good. Let's talk to Isabelle and borrow it."

As the two took the book, Isabelle cut off the credit card.

Then, after looking at the laser guidance technology magic book, he asked with a surprised expression.

"This is pretty difficult. Are you okay?"

"Yes. Because I know how to do laser. But is it that difficult?"

"Because it is a specialized field that is not covered in schools. Especially since it uses radio waves, it will be unfamiliar."

The laser that Shirone uses is different from that of other wizards.

God Particles allowed Shirone to jump over all the high barriers he couldn't reach at once, but since he had no precise concept of a battery, the range of applications was limited.

"I will try. I definitely want to learn the laser with this opportunity."

If that was the case, Isabelle would have no reason to stop it.

"Well, using photons as offensive magic is a rare case, so you must be greedy. If there is something you don't understand while studying, ask me. Because the president of the association instructed me to teach at least by tutoring."

I was grateful for Gaold's consideration, but at the same time, I was terrified.

He really believed that Shirone could develop magic to destroy Heaven.

"thank you. I will probably come back soon."

"haha! yes. Come anytime."

Shirone, who had spoken in advance so as not to be embarrassed later, got on the elevator.

The iron door of the magic library closed before the elevator.

It's something I always feel, but it felt like I was in another dimension.



* * *



Shirone got a personal training ground with Fleur's help. Strictly speaking, it was Gaold's order.

It wasn't as wide as the underground bunker, but it was enough space to expand the spirit zone and run amok alone.

A sleeping capsule was installed in the corner, and the flooring was made of the same material as the two thousand training grounds. When the simulation device was activated, it seemed that magic could be analyzed from various angles.

Shirone sat down on the cold floor and opened the magic book of the shotgun movement.

Once he read it quickly from beginning to end, he closed the book and organized his thoughts in his head.

"Hmm, it looks like it will be easy, but it also looks like it will be difficult."

The key is the linkage speed between passive magic and active magic. When you cast Teleport, you should immediately shoot photon output in all directions. The principle is simple, but it has value as a technology only when the connection speed is felt to be almost simultaneous.

"Shall we try it once?"

Upon entering the training ground, Shirone cast photonization magic. As his body flinched with his familiar senses, the scenery in front of him was crumpled.

Arriving 10 meters ahead, Shirone looked up at the ceiling and was lost in thought. He originally intended to cast the shotgun movement, but it didn't even trigger.

"Oh, I see."

When teleportation is triggered, the slot is empty. However, the movement speed was so fast that there was no time to cast Photon Output.

'Am I saying that battery replacement should be much faster?'

If so, Shirone also had a talent to show off. It was time-sharing.

Shirone, who took a strand in that direction, tried a shotgun movement based on time division.

As the sun went down, it slowly came to my senses. In the middle, he recovered his mental power from the sleeping device for about an hour, and developed his magic with the utmost concentration as if he were doing a last-minute spurt.

Finally, flashes of light were shot in eight directions at the same time as teleportation.

Having moved to the northern part of the Santan Movement's exhilarating route, Shirone looked back and couldn't hide his excitement.

"done! it's okay!"

"What happened?"

Shirone turned her head toward the door.

Flew stood crookedly against the wall, arms crossed. His expression was grim, and he seemed to be in a bad mood.

"uh? Senior, when did you come?"

"Just. But what did you do just a moment ago?"

"What is it? Of course it's a shotgun movement."

"Hmm, is it?"

Fleur moved to the training ground.

She stopped about 10 meters away from Shirone, looked around as if checking the coordinates, then turned her head again and said.

"Try again. I will rate you."

When Fleur came out decisively, Shirone was a little worried.

However, no matter how much he thought about it, the shot movement he unfolded was exactly the same as the form written in the magic book.

"Yes. So, starting with the basic root... ... ."

"no. You don't have to. Take an intermediate course. Go where you want to go among the eight directions. Looking at it a little while ago, I think I can do that enough."

It was a compliment, but oddly enough, it didn't sound like a compliment.

In any case, since she was just learning, Shirone did not feel any pressure about failure.

'Let's go to the southeast.'

While Shirone concentrated, Fleur crossed her arms and waited for the magic to be demonstrated.

'Santan movement!'

At the same time that Shirone's body was dyed in golden light, a flash of light spread like an explosion.

Arriving exactly 10 meters to the southeast, he clenched his fists.

'Success, success.'

Intoxicated with joy for a while, Shirone shuddered in surprise and moved her upper body.

Fleur, who had arrived in front of her, stretched out her arms and grabbed Shirone's shoulders.

Her eyes were half-closed, as calm as when she subdued a terrorist.

Normally, she is a troublesome older sister who nags too much, but at times like this, she was a certified 8th class wizard.

"Uh, there... ... ."

"I understand now, what is your problem?"

In terms of form, the Santan movement was a success. However, Flew correctly found himself among the eight flashes.

Even that was not enough, it moved faster than the caster and even blocked the way.

"Are you saying the linkage is too slow?"

Only then did Flew let go of Shirone's shoulder.

"right. It's not enough to see it with your eyes, but you can feel it intuitively with the Spirit Zone. Especially for a manipulative magician like me, the delay becomes clearer."

"But did I do my best?"

"It is not the realm of effort. Actually, your connection just a moment ago was great. I think it was replaced at a speed comparable to time-sharing... ... ."

Flew thought for a moment and said with conviction.

"But that is the problem."

Shirone's head tilted.

Time-sharing is a method of thinking in which two batteries are switched at high speed in one slot.

Thinking itself can be slow, but there is no faster replacement.

"Let me explain your mechanism a little while ago. Equip and cast teleport, strip teleport, then equip and cast photon output again."

Flew expressed the connection of the two magics by inserting and withdrawing both fists.

It meant that there was a delay enough to be captured by Spirit Zone's synesthesia because it went through at least three stages.

However, that was the limit of what Shirone could do.

"If there is a delay even at the time-division speed, what should I do?"

"Clash it."

"Yes?"

"Clash. Don't take away the teleportation magic, hit it with the photon output magic and blow it away. And at the same time as blowing it, insert the photon output magic into the slot."

Flew clenched his fists and thrust them forward.

When he hit his left hand with his right hand, his left hand flew away and his right hand took its place.

It was an image representation of the previous explanation.

"In this way, deprivation and installation are finished at the same time. So the mechanism would be shortened? You should be able to do that in the realm of thinking. To strike an old idea with a new one. Mages call it the 'force'."

Flu showed the process just before. However, this time, as if to express the real feeling, the two fists were placed almost at a distance and collided quickly.

A crackling sound came out of her mouth.

"Do you understand? Skip the deprivation process and just hit and enter. If you want to work in the field someday, you need to know how to do the force. Passive-active linkage is used regardless of class."

Shirone listened blankly. Bounce one thought into another?

Ordinary people never think in this way. But for a wizard, it was a very efficient way of thinking.

"Forthra... ... . I didn't even know there was such a thing."

"of course. This is a practical skill. They don't teach it in school."

"Is it dangerous?"

"No, it is less stable. Crashing thoughts, it has to be slotted exactly. The part that relies on the senses is so big that it's not worth putting in the regular curriculum. Time-sharing is also a pro skill. That you, who learned by yourself, are amazing. You'll probably learn the Force soon."

At Fleur's words, Shirone regained his confidence. Although the first attempt at the shotan movement ended in failure, it was an achievement to learn new skills that cannot be learned at school.

The key was the force.

=======================================
[368] Special training (3)





Serious training began.

Practice focused on the shotgun movement, and during breaks, he studied batteries for laser-guided technology.

Thanks to Isabelle's tutoring for an hour a day, I was getting a rough idea of ??the radio wave.

Fleur returned from work and evaluated the day's achievements.

However, there was no sign of a passing decision coming out of her strict mouth.

"Slow. again."

Shirone gritted his teeth and cast the shotgun movement. Every time that happened, Fleur stood in front of Shirone and grabbed his shoulders with both hands.

I hoped for luck, but it seemed that there was no mistake for a professional mage.

'How are you going to find me? No, can humans really react?'

Her synesthesia was too sensitive to attribute it to Shirone's immaturity.

In any case, there could be no complaints about being guided by an outstanding wizard, and like that, day by day was accumulating.



"Ahh!"

With a dull sound, Shirone rolled across the floor. His back arched and his face contorted in pain.

I was so concerned with the photon output that I missed the landing point of the teleportation.

Flew looked down at Shirone, who was lying at his feet.

"again."



Flashes of light like firecrackers exploded in the center of the training ground.

Photon output spreads in seven directions, and Shirone safely arrives at its destination. I couldn't even see Fleur's face that I was tired of looking at.

'done! I got it right this time!'

It was clear that he had lost track of the shotgun movement. As expected, Flew did not move from its original position.

She closed her eyes and crossed her index finger.

"It's time."

Shirone asked with a gasping face.

"Why? The force was perfect and even seniors couldn't catch me."

"Look where you stand."

Shirone looked around at her feet. He got the direction right and he couldn't find anything out of the ordinary.

"Why are you here?"

"Looking at it roughly, I could only move 8 meters. You, don't you use teleportation compulsive 10 meters?"

"ah... ... ."

How could this be? Mistaking the basics of the basics.

"Listen. The obsession with teleportation must not be shaken under any circumstances. In practice, hundreds of turns pass in an instant, and you have to navigate through complex terrain. If the obsession is shaken, you die the moment you do it. That's why even high-ranking mages don't change their compulsion during battle."

"Yes, sorry."

At the dispirited answer, Flew put her hand on her waist and snorted.

"The weakening of the basics means that you have become more technically proficient. But at times like this, you shouldn't be vigilant. All applications ultimately come from solid fundamentals."

Shirone clenched his fists and carved her words into his heart.

Basic, basic, everything.



next day.

Shirone finally succeeded in the shotan movement.

Flew did not move and his direction was correct. Also, the teleportation distance was perfect at 10 meters.

"ah... ... It finally worked."

I was so nervous that I couldn't even feel the joy of success.

But Flew still didn't laugh. Rather, he approached with a colder gaze than before, as if starting from now on.

"ruler. So let's get down to business. Your own shotgun movement."

Understanding Fleur's meaning, Shirone immediately changed her expression.

The shotgun movement itself is a good magic, but the reason why I chose this among the numerous spell books was that it could be converted into attack magic.

'Let's not be nervous. It's just turning the photon output into a photon cannon.'

So far, the time taken for the Santan movement is three weeks. If you don't pass here, you will be delayed for a few more days, and then you will have very little time to learn the advanced course, Laser Guided Magic.

"Get started. I will take it myself."

Flew's eyes were completely different from when he was evaluating the shotan movement.

Unlike photon output, Photon Cannon is a perfect offensive magic. Also, since it was the final evaluation, there was also a mission to be sincere.

Shirone took a deep breath and timed it. Assuming 1 second later, he interrupted the opponent's tempo by casting a teleportation at 0.5 seconds.

As the body glowed, photon cannons bounced in all directions, and at the same time the flue moved.

Shirone has arrived in the west. Therefore, it was the Photon Cannon that flew to Flew who arrived in the south.

The moment he felt the photon cannon through the spirit zone, Flew's head tilted back involuntarily.

The photon cannon that passed in front of her eyes crashed into the wall, and the training ground rang with a thud.

"Uh, how are you? Will this work in practice?"

"... ... ."

Fleur recalled the situation from a while ago.

The pressure to receive the photon cannon was much stronger than expected. The subject of force was fast speed, different from other magic.

Quasi-sub-light speed is a standard created to define the speed of light realized by magic.

Speed ??that is not used in the physical world, but is indistinguishable from light with the eyes of living beings.

If you shoot an arrow with a luminous object at night, it will look like a flash of light.

However, the Photon Cannon I experienced was much faster than expected. Rather, it is close to the speed of the bullet fired by the gun. It means that the ratio of mass and output was properly matched.

A mass larger than the magic bullet is pushed into the bullet. Therefore, it becomes rigid in the position of the victim.

Existing shotgun movement is a bang at best even if it doesn't catch the opponent, but this one was a bang.

"pass. This will be enough for real combat."

Shirone's face finally turned to life.

"Whoa, that's good. It's worth the hard work for 3 weeks. Thank you very much!"

There is nothing more gratifying than learning a new magic from a wizard, so Flew, who understood Shirone's feelings, erased his serious expression and smiled.

"I have to keep my senses for now. Is it okay if I continue practicing?"

"of course. It's important to remember the feeling of success. But don't push yourself too hard."

From then on, Shirone practiced the shotan movement until she was exhausted.

After two hours, there was no error in the power of the Photon Cannon no matter where it moved in the eight directions.

"Ego, waist."

Flew, who was watching Shirone's training, patted her waist while avoiding the photon cannon.

I wouldn't have known if I had avoided it with my strength, but since I moved with manipulation-type magic, I couldn't help but get sick.

'Once you master it, you master the intermediate level in two hours. Certainly talent is talent.'

As I read in an academic journal, it was said that Shirone's talent is insight. A mage with an extremely strong propensity to delve into the core rather than miscellaneous skills.

Perhaps that was where Gaold was hoping.

"Whoa."

After training, Shirone looked up at the ceiling with a sweaty face.

The state of unity derived from a sense of achievement is a miracle section that can improve your skills in a short time.

Mages call it Fever.

"Are you done?"

Shirone had a satisfied face.

"Yes. I think I got used to it to some extent."

"From tomorrow, we will go into laser guidance technology. But before that, there is something I need to point out."

The joy of success disappeared from Shirone's eyes.

Anything should be heard.

While living with the Association's professional wizards, their way of thinking was naturally familiar to them.

"I felt after watching you for 3 weeks, your balance is very broken."

"Yes? Balance?"

Flew twirled her fingers around to outline Shirone's spirit zone.

"The biggest problem is that the spirit zone is too big. It just feels like it's over 80 meters in diameter."

"Does that matter?"

"In practice, it is the smallest details that make the difference between winning and losing. It is important to strike the golden balance of density, volume, specific gravity, and durability. You have a tendency, how to say, to over-pace. For an opponent with 100 durability, 100 power is enough. But they pour 120 or 130 unconsciously."

The Spirit Zone is the materialization of the spirit, so lies do not work. Looking back on all the battles he had so far, he thought, he must have been.

"It still is. When you and Spirit Zone overlap, the tension pierces me. It's always been a question Unless you've only been fighting monsters so far."

Shirone couldn't deny it.

Looking back on the time of one year since learning magic, there weren't many times when he competed against an equal opponent. At least by his standards, every enemy was a monster.

When Shirone was silent, Fleur also realized. Certainly, if he had grown up through such battles, it would make sense for the Spirit Zone to enter a state of display like a wounded beast.

"Anyway, that's not good. I'll help you, so let's find the golden balance."

Flew went to the wall and flipped the image zone switch.

When Shirone's spirit zone became visible in bluish light, the lights in the training ground were turned off to further enhance the clarity.

Shirone just watched the beautifully shining Spirit Zone.

At that moment, Flew hugged him from behind and hugged him tightly.

"Uh, there... ... ."

"Stay still."

Fleur blocked Shirone's words with a calm, subdued voice.

Then, when the spirit zone was opened, Shirone's spirit zone was clearly conveyed through synesthesia.

'I'm also quite nervous. Almost like a wizard on the battlefield.'

Flew closed her eyes, concentrated, and gave Shirone instructions.

"Now, close your eyes and take a deep breath. Reduce the spirit zone until you feel most comfortable."

Shirone relaxed and relaxed.

As the spirit zone, which had been inflated like a balloon, gradually diminished, I felt that my head became lighter.

"great... ... . continue... ... ."

As the spirit zone was further reduced, tension that had not been felt until now began to reveal itself.

"yes... ... little bit more... ... ."

Fleur felt the Shirone with all her nerves.

"more. more... ... right. yes, fine."

Flew's voice disappeared at that point.

Shirone bowed her head before she knew it and enjoyed the infinitely warm feeling. She was warm and serene, as if in her mother's arms.

Flew's eyelids lifted slowly, as if waking up.

"... ... it's okay?"

"Yes, that is good."

Leaving his hands off Shirone's waist, Fleur slowly retreated, hushing her footsteps and going to the device in the Image Zone.

Looking at the instrument panel, it was 62.8 meters in diameter.

When the light came on, Shirone also opened her eyes. Her mind was clear as if she had been through a long sleep.

"Remember the feeling now. Size, shape, feel, density, everything. Everything contained in the sphere with a diameter of 62.8 meters is your current golden balance."

I could understand Fleur's words. The higher the density, the clearer the surroundings, and the stronger the durability.

Above all, the flow of thoughts was unobstructed like water.

"It's really comfortable. However, at 62.8 meters, it did not increase significantly compared to a year ago. Would it be okay?"

"Yeah, that's good enough. Unless you're a sniper, you don't need a spirit zone that's too big. How many times do you say you fight an enemy at a distance you can't see? Even if you just learn the four ways, the range more than doubles."

"It is, but... ... ."

"Trust me. For a search-type zoner, the diameter of the spirit zone must exceed at least 1 kilometer. The communication wizard is a breakaway spirit zone and needs to transmit information dozens of kilometers away. However, some battle mages have a spirit zone that is only 10 meters in diameter. Instead, they lose focus on density and durability."

It meant that it was important to have a mental state that could increase the efficiency of magic by 100%.

"Don't be fooled by shame. Because it hardens your mind. Of course, it is essential for a battle mage to gauge an opponent's capabilities with numbers. But imagining the outcome ahead of time is dangerous. There are no absolute advantages or absolute disadvantages of any trait. Depending on the opponent, the criteria for good or bad are different, and winning or losing depends on how much your style can deal with various situations."

Shirone nodded his head as if resolving.

"Yes, I will keep that in mind."

=======================================
[369] Special Training (4)





Shirone trained in laser guidance magic in earnest.

Being able to use lasers, omnipotence was not a problem, but the batteries were beyond the advanced class level.

In that sense, Isabelle was a savior.

As the director of a magic library, her explanations were easy to understand, but never missed the point.

Light is also a type of electromagnetic wave. The laser-guided magic developed by the Jacobins is an active homing system, a technology that guides a projectile to a target by observing the wavelength emitted when a laser collides with an object.

And in order for this to be possible, a laser search magic called seeker had to be preceded.

"OMG! I don't know, I don't know! what's this! After all, it is information magic!"

Shirone looked away from the book and cried.

The page he was currently viewing had an algorithm for equipping a seeker, but from his point of view, it was like the language of a monster.

Flew, who was reading a magic book across the training ground, clicked his tongue and said.

"That's why you should have chosen the magic book while considering the level of difficulty. One month left. Why don't we give up now and look for something else?"

Shirone looked at Fleur with sullen eyes. Anyway, I'm going to die of disgust.

"Your senior also said it was okay at first."

"Well, I'm not saying it's impossible even now. If you work hard, it could be done in a month. But anyway, there's a plan B, right?"

"Hmm, plan B... ... ."

As Flew said, if you were going to give up, you had better do it now.

If I invested more time here, I could have been satisfied with only the shotgun movement and had to go back to school.

"I'll just try to finish it. I learned a lot thanks to you. Same with radio waves."

After Shirone finished speaking, Flew covered the magic book she was reading and stood up.

"Okay, if that's what you think, let's get serious about it."

Shirone raised her head to follow Fleur's face as she approached.

"Right now, the most important thing is seeker. Link magic that fuses laser and photon cannons."

"Yes. But is this too difficult? I'm weak against information magic."

"It's not just information wizards who use algorithms. For example, I know how to do it."

"Yes? Are you a senior?"

Shirone narrowed his eyes in disbelief. Flew then grabbed his magic wand and entered the center of the training ground. Then he hit the ground with his pole and showed off his skills.

"Bonghwangjeong."

A huge phoenix rose like smoke from the crystal ball at the tip of the staff and floated into the air.

Since no one came within the radius, the fire bird remained silent with only flapping wings.

Flew pointed at himself and said.

"What do you think my major is?"

"Ah, yes... ... Aren't you a fire mage?"

"no. Of course, I deal with flames, but to be precise, I am Joner."

Recalling Etella, Shirone tilted her head.

A huge spirit zone that transcends common sense and a highly respectful sense are characteristics of Jonah, but Flew had none of them.

"It's a special major, so you might not know. That's why when people say Joner, they usually only think of search-type wizards. But by Joner, I just mean an expert in the Spirit Zone."

Flew spread out two fingers.

"Zoner is largely divided into exploration and manipulation, and I am a manipulation wizard belonging to the latter."

"Aha, you're manipulating that phoenix."

"yes. Bonghwangjeong fires flames at all targets in the spirit zone. The reason it responds much faster than synesthesia is because it borrows the Dawkins algorithm. Automatic reactions of the nerves and mind. It was also an automatic reaction that prevented the vampires from attacking the Gold Tower."

Shirone's expression darkened.

Joner, a top graduate of the Royal Magic School and a special major.

It was because of her that it was possible to accurately balance the golden spirit zone.

"It is the same with the search system. If the virtue of a battle mage is durability, then Joner is someone who is obsessed with density. However, since the mind is not a particle, even if it is 100% dense, it does not mean that it is full. It just means that your sixth sense is 100% accurate. So above 95 percent it's really hard to raise."

Flew passed the magic wand behind him and moved away. Shirone's head turned around.

"Of course, if you're a Joner, you basically have to give 100 percent. Then, to increase clarity, we use a unit called specific gravity. If you think of a normal spirit zone as a gas, Jonah's spirit zone can reach the specific gravity of liquid, clay, or even rock, depending on the level."

When Shirone sat back down, Flew stopped there and raised her finger.

"Nevertheless, the minimum standard for Joner is 60 percent density. The spirit zone of the exploration series is incredibly large. If you expand the Spirit Zone to a diameter of 2km without entering Immortal Function, the density drops to 0%. That's why Jonah is density, only density."

Anyway, if the density is in the 0% range, the spirit zone won't even be created. However, a simple comparison made the understanding clear.

"So, how do you search a 2 kilometer radius with 60 percent density? This is where algorithms come into play. For example, using the Pisaski algorithm, you can search for metal objects within a radius. Because it captures the reflectance of light, its efficiency drops at night."

Shirone was shocked by the novelty. If normal magic affects the outside world, Algorithm is meta magic that gives the spirit zone a unique function.

It couldn't be the same as the schema, but magic against magic was developed even for wizards.

How vast is the alternative magic world?

My heart started beating fast. wide. and deep There was a huge playground in front of my eyes that I would not get tired of even if I worked for the rest of my life.



* * *



With the help of Fleur, Shirone learned the algorithm to enter the seeker step by step.

It was a continuation of the basics, and Isabel's intensive management of advanced and complex theories.

Time passed quickly, and with four days left before leaving the Magic Association, I was able to finish the pruning stage.

"finally. finished."

After covering the magic book, Shirone lay down. He had never studied so hard, even in school.

It was not a matter of effort, but a biological limitation.

Humans have to sleep somehow, but the magic association's sleep device has overcome the impossible.

"I did it, I. I really did."

Shirone muttered in a confused state of mind. Steam seemed to be escaping from the outside of her head.

Flu, who had suffered as much as Shirone, had lost his face in a month.

"... ... You are also a real poison. Let's just give up."

In the beginning, the flue was full of enthusiasm, but as the middle was over, the limit gradually came.

Of course, she had to take care of the association's work during the day, but even considering that, Shirone's tenacity was amazing.

"lol! how is it? Did I do it?"

Flew kept his last pride.

"no. do you know what It was a physically impossible time for a normal person. You just finished the battery. Therefore, my calculations were correct."

Shirone also admitted that fact.

Just learning a battery doesn't activate magic.

Even so, the reason he was obsessed with laser guidance to the end was because, unlike others, he was already equipped with omnipotence.

"Then shall we begin soon?"

When Shirone slipped up, Fleur shook her head.

"No, no. Rest unconditionally today."

"But I don't have time."

"If not, then no! If you go to practice in that state, you really die. It's not just you dying, I'm dying too!"

"Then even if it's a sleeping device... ... ."

"Not even that! Get into your room right now! If you don't sleep more than 8 hours today, I won't help you in the future!"

Fleur pushed Shirone on the back and forced her back to her quarters.

Shirone's footsteps on the way back were heavy. There is no time. Her mind was so impatient that she didn't even think about lack of sleep.

"little bit more. Let's at least go to bed and review."

Shirone lay down on the bed with a laser guidance magic book.

And fell asleep after 1 second.



afternoon the next day.

"Ahh! It's a big deal!"

People passing by the corridor turned their heads at the sound leaking from inside the accommodation.

As soon as the door opened, Shirone ran to the training ground without even washing her hair.

3 days left now.

If you practice today and get evaluated tomorrow, you will be able to achieve your intended goal.

When we arrived at the training ground, Flu was already getting ready.

Shirone opened her eyes wide. He overslept, but it was definitely time for the flu to be at work.

"uh? What happened?"

"Did you get a good night's sleep?"

Fleur confirmed Shirone's condition.

"Yes. I'm dying of annoyance from sleeping too much. But what about work here?"

"I took a vacation. For the next three days, I will focus on watching you."

"ah... ... ."

Shirone's eyes filled with water.

To use the vacation, which is the sweetest thing for office workers, for the training of juniors. Just today, she looked like an angel.

"Seniors... ... ."

Seeing Shirone approaching with a strange expression, Fleur shrunk her neck like Zara and held out her hand.

"What, what, those eyes! go away! Gross!"

As Shirone continued to approach, she hurriedly backed away, unable to bear to touch her body. She said, and only after she made sure that Shirone stopped.

"Anyway, since I've come this far, I must see you succeed. So let's do it right."

Shirone also had a serious face.

"Yes, thank you!"

The training that lasted until midnight was extended into the next morning with the power of the sleeping capsule.

We fixed numerous errors in the algorithm last night, but we still have a long way to go.

"Once you have the seeker equipped. Then, let's do fusion properly this time. can you do it?"

"Yes, I will try."

Shirone, who warmed up her mind with a sequence of numbers, entered the Spirit Zone.

My eyes widened as the sequence in my head accelerated rapidly.

'Homing Photon Cannon!'

Eight Photon Cannons were born around Shirone. A pale, beautiful orb of light.

If there was a difference from before, it was that a red dot was embedded in the center of the sphere.

It was a laser pointer and seeker.

"Fusion is a success. This time, the target aiming algorithm."

Shirone, who was manipulating the Seeker according to Fleur's instructions, said with a puzzled expression.

"Uh, there... ... What about the target?"

Fleur's palms collided.

"Oh right! Where should the experimental drone be?"

Flew rummaged through the box of supplies in the corner of the training ground. Then he turned his head as if he had a good idea.

"No, don't do that, I'll take it myself."

After moving along the wall near the box, she stood with her back to the eastern wall.

"Senior?"

"yes. You don't have time anyway. Let's skip the trifles."

Even Shirone thought it was effective.

After aiming the flue with the spirit zone, the seeker aimed the flue according to the algorithm.

Eight laser points were buried here and there on her body.

Flew gulped at the orbs floating ahead.

The feeling that the seekers in the center of the photon cannon were staring at him like the eyes of an emotionless monster was truly the worst.

'this... ... It's much scarier than I thought.'

As she leaned slowly, the eight laser points moved simultaneously to follow her.

When I straightened my back again, the Seekers turned around without a doubt. I got a little goosebumps.

'It's just a quick magic. Are you tracking me?'

Said Shirone, who had finished her preparations.

"Senior, let's begin... ... ."

"wait for a sec."

Fleur held out her hand. Shirone, who hastily stopped her magic, looked at her blankly.

She cleared her throat and quietly averted her gaze.

"I don't think this is a bit. Let's just do it with drones."

=======================================
[370] Special Training (5)





Flew rummaged through the box again and pulled out the heavy drone with both hands.

As it flies with magnetic force coordinated with the training ground, the change in trajectory is extreme, so it is suitable for induction experiments.

"I'll do it in the first step. Get used to your senses."

Shirone pointed a laser pointer at the drone. When Flew flipped the switch, the drone vibrated, released his hand, and flew into the air.

A laser pointer moved along the drone's trajectory. And at one point, all 8 of them popped out.

It was slower than the existing Photon Cannon, but as expected, the photon-type magic was a speed that could not be ignored.

Shirone anxiously observed the homing photon cannon.

As the drone wriggled past the wall, the eight photon cannons simultaneously curved and hit the target.

A series of explosions erupted, and a drone protruded through the smoke and rolled across the floor.

"done! Success!"

He couldn't believe it was the magic he had cast.

the light is shining

I even felt the thrill when the photon cannon took a sharp curve in front of the wall.

Flu didn't think this was bad either.

"A good start. But it's not in the actual stage yet. If it's a Tier 1 drone, it's enough to hit it with a photon cannon. Let's set the acceptance criteria with that. Hit the drones that are difficult to catch with the photon cannon with the homing photon cannon."

"Yes! I will definitely make it!"

After succeeding in the first experiment, Shirone's heart burned like never before.

The difficulty level went up step by step, and finally it was a day before leaving the Magic Association.

Before the final evaluation, Shirone's sequence ceremony was moving at the highest speed ever.

Flu, waiting with a drone, also showed a nervous expression as much as he invested his passion.

"Are you ready? It's a level 7 mod. Highest limit trajectory 27 degrees. This is the movement of a professional-level wizard."

"Yes. It has to be at that level to be able to use it in practice. I am ready."

Shirone launched the homing photon cannon more skillfully than before. Without a doubt, eight laser pointers were aimed at the drone.

The algorithm has been refined so that the aiming point is now concentrated on a single point.

"It begins."

As soon as Flew hit the switch, he let go of his drone and backed away.

A lump of iron that caused a strong earthquake flew lightly and flexibly through the air.

The trajectory driven by magnetic force was certainly unfamiliar to human eyes accustomed to gravity. However, the homing photon cannon vibrating around Shirone continued to catch the drone until the end, turning its red eyes non-stop.

'let's go! I'm going to end it here!'

The eight homing photon cannons that left Shirone's side chased after the drones. Then, as the drone turned almost backwards, it took a rough curve and sprinted in the reverse direction.

A total of 9 flying objects were roaming all over the wide training ground, but Shirone was just looking straight ahead.

A chase and chase battle took place for 3 seconds.

In terms of speed, the photon cannon is fast, but the drone was not caught by the strategy of shortening the reach by using rapid drift.

However, the seeker did not miss the drone until the end, and the distance finally began to decrease.

The lead photon cannon hit the drone, and the drone bounced to the ground with a bang.

Then, all the remaining 7 Photon Cannons plummeted to the ground, continuously bombarding the rolling drones.

Kwa-kwa-kwa! Kwak Kwa Kwa Kwam!

Flew shouted, eyes wide.

"wow! really tired... ... ! No, great!"

Accuracy to chase even drones that were thrown off the impact. Moreover, its power was strong enough to crush hard metal.

It wasn't to the extent that it would be eaten in real combat, but if it was unknowingly attacked, it would be a massacre.

It was the same for Shirone that the current result was unbelievable.

'The magic is... ... There is no end.'

Shirone, who finally realized the reality, looked back at Fleur with emotion.

For a while, the two people's eyes collided, and without saying who came first, they ran and hugged each other and ran around.

"success! Success, senior!"

"great job! If I failed, I would have been really embarrassed! I am finally free too!"

The shouts of the two who lost their reason in excitement echoed in the training ground. Only one dented drone was staring at them pathetically.



* * *



The last night of the Magic Association has arrived.

Shirone received Fleur's call and headed to the waiting room on the first floor.

The unoccupied hallway felt lonely in contrast to the crowded atmosphere in broad daylight.

"But why are you in the waiting room? You can see it at the dorm."

At the end of the corridor at the back of the lobby on the first floor, light was leaking through a crack in the door. The darkness was silent, and no human voice could be heard.

"hello?"

When Shirone opened the door and showed her face, the paper firecracker exploded.

When I stepped back in surprise, the door opened and I saw four smiling faces.

"Congratulations, Shirone!"

"Uh, huh?"

A cake was prepared in the middle of the waiting room, and Fleur, Gando, Isabelle, and Kang Nan were guarding the table.

Fleur lit a candle by flicking her fingers. And he waved his hand as if to come in.

"What are you doing? Come quickly and blow."

Shirone moved as if possessed by a ghost.

"Hey, what day is it today?"

"It's the day. The day you completed your Magic Association field trip. now! Do it quickly."

People clapped as Shirone blew out the candles.

Completed the Magic Association Tour. It's quite plausible to hear, but the more I think about it, the more my face gets hotter.

"thank you. But it's nothing special to visit."

Isabelle said as she ran a hand through her straight hair.

I'd always seen a neat appearance during work, so the loose hair approached me much more bewitching.

"Still, the name is the Magic Association, but we can't just send a field trip student for the longest period of time. I heard that the training ended well. I heard it was cool when I heard about the flu. congratulation."

Flu added one more meaning.

"And you are nineteen too. You can think of it instead of a birthday."

"Oh right!"

I didn't even know that the sun had changed because I was crazy about training. A lot of things that happened last year have been compressed into a lump of emotion. It was a much bigger mass than I had ever felt in my entire life.

Kang Nan, who was standing at a distance, held out a small box over Isabelle's shoulder.

"Congratulations, Shirone. This is a gift prepared by the Association."

"Oh, thank you. But what is it?"

There is a certain relationship with the people here now, but there is no reason for the association to care about the field trip students. Sensing Gaold's presence, Shirone was cautious as to whether some foreshadowing was hidden.

"It's just a gift. open it."

When the box was opened, it contained a shiny silver signet ring. It was about 3 cm wide and had a magic circle engraved in the center.

"uh? Isn't this Kubrick?"

At Fleur's words, Shirone turned her head.

"Kubrick?"

"A two-dimensional ring. All association employees have one. Do you know what a two-dimensional ring is?"

"No, I don't know."

Since she was a Shirone who grew up quickly, she knew little about magic tools.

"It's a ring that stores things with scale magic. They are also sold at the Alchemy Chamber, but they are quite expensive. Besides, the one given by the association has a more precise encryption system than a normal Kubrick, so it's fine."

A ring that stores things in the subspace will, of course, be expensive.

But what Shirone liked the most was the seal of the Tormia Magic Association engraved on the inside of the ring.

No matter how expensive Kubrick was, the seal of the association was not something that could be bought with money.

Isabelle took over the ring and put it on Shirone's ring finger.

"The principle is the same as other magical weapons. It reacts to the Spirit Zone. Flew, here's the power controller... ... ."

Flew went out into the hallway and shut off the magic control in the waiting room where they were.

It was a request from the head of the magic library, the captain of the guard allowed it, and the chief secretary tolerated it, so there was no problem.

Upon Fleur's return, Shirone entered the Spirit Zone.

A unique magic that had never been felt before came through synesthesia. As he focused his attention there, letters appeared in front of him.

"User registration? Yes or no?"

When Shirone looked around as if asking to see them together, everyone put on their smiles.

"Hey, this... ... ."

Flew said with a convex grin.

"Does the letter appear? that only you can see It spreads to the retina through brain waves."

Shirone remembered the drone given to Tess from heaven.

It must have been a technique similar to projecting a view from the sky onto her retinas.

When the registration was finished, a circle with slots divided into 7 equal parts appeared like a pie. The slots were the same size, and the rim of the topmost slot was glowing red.

Shirone pointed to the slot, knowing that no one else could see it.

"Are things going to be put here?"

Isabelle said.

"right. Based on gravity here, it can load up to 45 kilograms in total. If you put 45 kilograms in one slot, the remaining six slots can't contain anything."

"Wow, 45 kg?"

A decent amount of armaments was just the amount of loading that went in. In addition, it can reduce the weight of food even when traveling long distances, so it is a convenient tool.

"Let's practice. First, pick out the items you want to load."

"Oh, then this... ... ."

Shirone took out Armand from her waist.

Wearing a sword as a commoner also bothered me, but as a wizard, it was uncomfortable to move around with metal attachments.

"great. I'll teach you how. No need to be nervous. Because it's so easy, like the four ways."

I laughed out loud when I said that the four-way method was easy, but I thought it was the standard for a 3rd-class wizard and moved on.

"Kubrick distinguishes things with perception among the mind. It's the core concept of eating out. Kubrick also separates the sword from the world because he knows that the sword you are holding is the finished product. Therefore, we cannot load only part of the sword."

"Because I don't recognize it as a finished product."

"answer. Next is loading and unloading. It's simple. Think of putting a ring on an object. When thoughts change, the nature of the Spirit Zone also changes minutely, and Kubrick works by recognizing the minute difference. So creatures cannot be loaded. Even the spirit of an insignificant creature changes the Spirit Zone. In other words, from Kubrick's point of view, it is a foreign substance."

Shirone nodded, admiring Kubrick's sensitivity.

"Then I will try."

As I grabbed Armand and recalled loading, the sword magically disappeared.

I could see Armand, whose three-dimensional effect had disappeared, stored in Kubrick's slot.

'Shipping this time.'

When Armand appeared in front of my palm, I reflexively grabbed the handle.

Having fun, Shirone experimented with the same function dozens of times. After getting used to it to a certain extent, he clearly realized what kind of object it was.

Fleur added an explanation.

"You can upgrade the weight by going to the fairly large alchemy box in the city. Up to 100 kg of loading weight is about 200 gold per kg. After that, the unit price is much higher, and when the loading weight exceeds 400 kg, it exceeds 100 million units."

"Wow, that's amazing."

The price, as well as the weight, was beyond imagination. If it was 400 kg, it would be a little exaggerated, and it would be like walking around with all of your household items on your fingers.

"That means there is a lot of demand. Of course, it is technically difficult to augment. The current load capacity limit should be around 800 kilograms. It's an item that is unlikely to have one in the kingdom."

Shirone was just happy. He liked the ring he was wearing the most, whether it was 800 kg or not.

It was Kubrick with the seal of the Magic Association.

Gando said.

"No matter how comfortable it is, it's best not to put important items in it unless you are going on a trip."

"Why? If something goes missing... ... ."

Kang Nan shook his head.

"no. Because it can be stolen. Of course, the Kubrick produced by the association has a complex cryptographic system, so the risk of extraction is low. But anyone can cut off a finger."

Shirone wrapped the ring without realizing it.

"Yes, I will be sure to shoot."

"There is no need for that. If it's a dangerous situation, just throw it away or give it away. Kubrick is not an object, and you can get it on the market."

It was an advice that I could give because Kang Nan, the second-in-command of the Magic Association.

"Anyway, that's what it is. To become a full-time wizard, you need to know how to handle this."

Shirone heard Gaold's voice at Kang Nan's last words.

If you go to heaven, Kubrick will be a must. From the important to the trivial, it was an unspoken pressure to be fully prepared.

"Yes, I will definitely become a wizard."

Shirone raised the hand holding the Kubrick. Everyone was laughing through her fingers.

=======================================
[371] Steel Gate (1)





It was the opening day of the magic school.

Shirone woke up early in the morning and folded the blankets and packed her things.

Kubrick was also handy in real life. Miscellaneous items were distributed among 6 slots, and Armand was placed in a separate slot. It was to prepare for an emergency.

When I left the room and went down the stairs, Olina greeted me with a smile.

"Are you ready? Hey, what about the bag?"

"I got it. It is here."

Shirone held out her palm to show the ring.

Olina, staring at her son's mischievous face, turned away without asking.

It was she who realized that her son was a wizard after the Kazura incident.

"Come quickly and eat. I will be late."

Shirone stared at Olina's back for a long time. She was her own mother, the only one she was in the world.

"I love you, mom. And thank you."

As Shirone hugged her waist, Olina's hand stopped.

Of course, at home, he is the only child with a lot of aegyo. But the mother's sense of smell sensed the heavy fate in her son's voice.

'What's going on this time...' ... . God, please protect this child.'

After recovering her smile, Olina turned around and stabbed Shirone in the head.

"This."

"Ouch!"

"It's all grown up and it's childish. And don't touch her lady belly."

After washing his face, Vincent said while wiping his face with a towel.

"Well, then! I can never yield to my mother, Shirone. So, you too, hurry up and go to school, Amy... ... !"

"Don't mess around and have a meal."

"Yep."

Vincent sat down at the table with the steps of a soldier. Shirone's laughter lit up the kitchen. I hoped that the present happiness would continue forever.



* * *



When I arrived at the school in the Ogent family's carriage, the front gate was crowded with people.

It was a new semester, and the parents were nagging at eye level with the immature children.

When a voice announced that the entrance ceremony would begin, countless students overtook Shirone.

But Shirone was full of composure. Since the senior class event was held at 2:00 PM at the steel gate, and the dorm had already moved, I was thinking of going to the study group and spending time with my friends.

"hi?"

Hearing Amy's voice, Shirone smiled and turned her head. But soon her happy expression disappeared and her eyes widened.

"Uh, uh uh?"

"Why are you so surprised? Like a red-haired girl seeing you for the first time."

Amy's red hair was cut above her shoulders. Her hair slightly covered her cheeks, and her bangs, trimmed in an asymmetrical straight, made her look like a completely different person beyond her unfamiliarity.

Amy twitched her lips as if holding back a laugh, and ran a hand through her hair.

"How do I look?"

"uh? that is... ... Are you pretty?"

Embarrassedly, she slapped Shirone on the shoulder, stampeding her feet, and laughed.

"What is it? Do you feel that there is something different about your resolution besides your appearance?"

"Ah, yes. How can I say, a little sharper feeling?"

"Hmm, is it?"

Amy sat in her own thoughts with a satisfied face, then came back and asked.

"How was it anyway? Did you finish your job well at the Association?"

"yes. I asked about heaven and did some field trips."

Shirone evaded it as long as it did not contain lies. He couldn't reveal even a secret that even his best friend in the world could not afford.

Amy smiled subtly, but didn't ask anything.

After two months of meeting her, her confidence was definitely up.

"It looks good on you, but why did you cut your hair?"

"just. It's annoying to train, and I want to start anew."

Amy is a promising graduate candidate who rose to 5th place in the graduating class last year.

As the key is to get out of the 2nd year jinx, it seemed that they had made a strategy to start from the beginning.

"Are you here early anyway? The event starts at 2:00. Are you going to meet the stupid duo?"

"yes. I'm going to meet Iruki and Nade and go up together. you?"

Amy pointed with her thumb at an uphill road in the distance.

"I am a steel door. You should be ready to meet. Oh right. Just say 'I' later."

"me?"

When Shirone pointed at herself and asked, Amy shook her head.

"No, not you, but me. Understand? It's okay if it's me unconditionally."

"What does that mean?"

"Huh, I know it when I see it at an event. You will be very grateful to me. Then see you at the steel gate at 2:00."

Amy wrinkled her nose, smiled, and turned around. As much as her hair style has changed, her personality seems to have become brighter than before, but Shirone still hasn't adjusted.

Amy put her hands behind her back, turned around and spoke.

"Welcome to Hell."

"haha! Yes, thank you very much."

Amy giggled at what was so exciting and walked away.

A smile appeared on Shirone's lips as he turned around shaking his head as if he couldn't stop it.

'Yeah, I'm finally standing in the same place.'

I thought I knew why Amy was in a good mood.



* * *



Supernatural Psychic Research Society.

Iruki looked at the blackboard full of formulas and was lost in thought.

I finally entered my graduating class. But to be honest, I just happened to come this far.

'Are you going to be a wizard? I?'

It is a place where you can come whenever you want. At least Iruki thought so.

What made him stagnant was the fear of how his monstrous brain would be used in the world.

'In the end, I came all the way here following Shirone.'

It wasn't a bad feeling. The reason why he can stay calm even when the graduation exam is one year away is probably because he has a huge control device called Shirone installed in his brain.

"Yes, Shirone is a wizard by profession. Are you preparing well?"

To be honest, Shirone has nothing to worry about. As long as I have a firm goal, I will never stop.

'On the other hand, Nade... ... .'

It's very likely that he didn't do anything this time either.

He'll probably be stuck in a warehouse and come back from making strange contraptions all day.

It's unfortunate, but I can't help it. Nade didn't want to be a wizard.

'Has it been six years already?'

Six years ago, Iruki was expelled from the Royal Magic School and transferred to Alpheas Magic School.

Of course, his personality was still eccentric, so no one wanted to hang out with him.

Iruki also had no interest in friendship. The only person who caught his eye was Nade.

A boy who always sits at the back of the classroom and stares at the blackboard with bloody eyes.

'Hmm, he's an unusual guy.'

Iruki, who had been watching Nade for several days, asked his classmates with his characteristic brazenness.

"Nade? I don't know either. don't speak The grades seem to be coming out just fine."

"I hate Nade. Should I say gloomy? It seems like a pervert."

"Why are you curious about Nade? You'd better not touch it. Your eyes are so fierce."

Iruki could roughly guess what Nade's school life was like.

One day after a few days like that, Nade came to Iruki's seat. Her eyes were as cold as ice.

Iruki calmly raised his hand.

"hi? what's the matter?"

"Are you the one who goes after me?"

How to get stepped on if the tail is long. When rumors spread that Iruki had been asking about Nade, the person in question had come directly.

"Back investigation? Why am I examining your ass?"

A foot and a laugh erupted from somewhere. At the same time, Ned's fist hit Iruki's chin.

Iruki, who fell at the same time as the chair, fell to the floor and couldn't move.

"Ask again. Are you the one who goes after me?"

"Two."

Iruki spat bloody saliva and slowly stood up.

But it's a deception tactic. He rushed right in and attempted to poke the eye with two fingers.

"Oh!"

Iruki's arms stretched out. His fingers barely stopped in front of Nade's eyes as he leaned back.

Even so, Nade's expression did not change.

"... ... ."

With his arms drawn back, Iruki took a pose imitating a snake and prepared to fight.

The atmosphere rapidly cooled, and the faces of the lower class children turned pale.

"Whoa."

Nade took a long breath as he watched Iruki's ridiculous posture.

I don't know how such an idiot got into magic school, but it was best not to deal with it.

"I warn you, don't pay attention to me again. I really won't let you go then."

"Nope? Why should I listen to you?"

A ferocious energy flashed in Nade's eyes.

"you... ... really die."

"Know. I am human too, so someday I will die. Are you stupid?"

Nade heard his reason break. The reason why he didn't throw his fist right now was because he could kill Iruki.

"Hey, see me after class. Come out where I said."

"Hoho, is this the after-school duel we've only heard about? but are you okay? I'm pretty strong."

Nade turned around without even replying.

If you don't get scared and come out, that's it.

But if you come out there... ... Iruki will not be able to attend school from tomorrow.

"Ah, my fist is so spicy."

Raising a chair, Iruki sat down and kissed his lips.

Class started, but Nade did not come.

The weather was gloomy, and by the end of class gray clouds were covering the sky.

Iruki caressed his swollen cheeks and looked at the sky outside the window.

'It's going to rain.'



Lightning flashed, and a belated thunderclap tore the world apart.

In the blinding rain, electric shocks and explosions were biting each other's tails without giving them a chance to breathe.

"haha."

Iruki lowered his chin and let out a rough breath. The raindrops that beat on the top of his head soon became hot, and raindrops trickled down his drenched hair.

Only the eyes were alive. His focus was still keenly piercing the darkness in the rain.

Nade's silhouette was visible through the curtain of heavy rain.

Every time the bolts wriggled like eels, parts of the silhouette regained color, but the monster-like face I saw at first was never revealed.

'This is a bit serious.'

Iruki had to admit that his calculations were wrong.

I thought he was no ordinary guy, and he really was. But in this case, even beyond the normal range, it went too far.

Iruki's voice penetrated the rain.

"you... ... How the hell did you become 'that way'?"

Nade approached, raising the sound of splashing water. In the place where the terrible expression was erased, only the feeling of not being able to do it remained.

"What the hell is it? Why are you interested in me?"

"It's not interest, it's exploration. I've been looking for something lately."

"Looking for it? What?"

"As you can see, I am a genius. He's a really awesome genius. Depending on how I use my ability, it could be disastrous. Maybe kill a lot of people. So I need someone who can control me."

Nade didn't laugh at it or take it seriously.

"Killing a lot of people?"

"If it were you, you would know. If it's my ability, it's possible enough."

"That's ridiculous."

Nade said with cold eyes.

"you. Have you ever killed someone?"

A huge clap of thunder shook the world.



Iruki turned away from the blackboard with a bitter smile.

The opponent who fought until the brink of death has now become an irreplaceable friend.

Of course, Nade's personality became milder after the incident at the time and a little more time later.

But at least it was from then that he accepted Iruki as a friend.

"Hey, comrade. How long is this reunion?"

Nade kicked in the door, straightened up and saluted. Recalling the memory of six years ago, Iruki burst into laughter.





(end of volume 15)

=======================================