
Forbidden area (1)

"Are you going to go to the human world?" Lutia, the chieftain of the Fire Tribe, asked.

"Yes, Chief. I want to help my husband change the human world. I think it is a calling."

Yorahhan expressed his apology with silence.

'To the chieftain, Armand is like an extraordinary daughter. The pain of leaving her must be great.'

Above all, she was the only warrior with an active disposition to protect the Hwajok.

"yes."

Lutia smiled heartily.

"Finally, this day has come. The fire tribe must help humans. That is the reason for our existence, passed down from our ancestors."

Realizing her sincerity, Jorahhan suddenly had this thought.

'Who was it, the previous Hwajok?'

Hwajok is usually passive, so it was normal when their identity faded over time.

'Nevertheless, for this long time, I kept one calling. This is not a matter of inclination.'

what a realization

'In front of the truth, neither active nor passive can exist. The first fire tribe knew about it.'

About humans, about human lives... ... .

'Maybe deeper than me.'

Johann was the first to open his mouth.

"I am not leaving right now. The forces of the Micas Kingdom are invading the territory of the Hwajok. At this rate, contact will be made within a month. I will find a suitable place for the Hwajok to migrate."

"Whoops. As expected, you're always friendly, Yorahan O"

Johann's face blushed.

"Don't worry. I know more about the Hwajok than anyone else. Even though we are passive, we are also the ones who have continued that way. You will be fine."

Armand came out.

"But chieftain, humans... ...

Ruthia stopped talking.

"Yes, they are a dangerous race. But, Armand, you must now understand them. Otherwise, how could you follow your husband's wishes?"

She looked back at Yorahhan and continued.

"Leave tomorrow. I'll take care of this whole problem for the Hwajok. The world we see is different from the world humans see. No matter how good you find a resting place, that is not the place where flowers will bloom."

The Hwajok ate enough through photosynthesis alone.

"All right."

With Lutia's permission, Jorahhan and Armand returned home and packed up.

As it is a precious place, the movements were sluggish.

'I really don't want to leave. But if you put it off for a day or two, you will really live here.'

As he struggled to achieve his dream, he found a box under his bed.

"uh? this... ...

He turned his head while touching the dagger he hadn't taken out since coming to the village of the Hwajok.

"Honey, can I use a whetstone?"

"Why the dagger? I usually don't even look at you."

"Because I am going out to the human world. Yes, I always had it with me before. You have to carry something like this to avoid bad people."

Armand laughed.

"What are you worried about? I will protect you."

Then, he hugged Yorahhan from behind and whispered in her ear.

"And I guarantee you, you will never use this. Even while grooming the sparrow, he shuddered." They knew everything about each other.

"Sheesh! who said what You can still make threats. Who would be intimidated by a rusty sword?"

Armand shook his head at the sight of Yorahhan, who was stubborn until the end and took out the whetstone.

"anyway... ...

Still, it was true that it was quite solid.

Around dawn, Yorahhan, who was sleeping in bed, woke up to the sound of screams outside.

"What, what... ... !"

When he got up, Armand was already leaving the door holding a longsword.

The children of the Hua people approached with pale faces.

"sister! It's a big deal!"

"what's the matter?"

When Yohan, who had followed behind, looked outside, a group of troops had occupied the entrance to the village.

"horse soldier?"

It was armed with metal armor, and the face of a lion was engraved on the insignia of its flag.

"The Mikas family."

There is no doubt about it, but the size of the troops was too small to penetrate the remote area.

'It was the kingdom's strategy to invade little by little in parallel with the land reclamation project. So why... ... ?'

Yorahhan saw the lead of the cavalry.

He hadn't taken off his youth yet, but there was a man with a split chin and intense eyes.

'Probably the eldest son of the Micas family... ... Mikas Areon.

'It was three years ago when I heard the news, so I'm eighteen this year. He was eager to prove his royal blood.'

Not only was he not popular, but Jo Rahan was also a thinker, so the attributes of those in power were obvious.

A white schoolboy rode next to Areon.

"Prince, it seems that this is the village of the Hwa tribe. Please dictate the next strategy."

"Hmm, the fire family."

Areon stroked his chin.

'It has strange abilities, but according to the records, it is not dangerous. Rather, a slave who obeys any command.'

It was a scholar's record.

'In other words, you can have an attendant who will never betray you. This is also a must for a king. There must have been a reason for the old man to spend his energy on the land reclamation project.'

Of course, there must have been dozens of other reasons.

'Anyway, I arrived before my father. I came all the way through the forest.'

Arreon, an ambitious man, interacted with many talented people, and one of them was Fisk next to him.

A person who has accurately navigated through a labyrinth-like forest.

"Fisk."

Areon said.

"This will be the first occupation in my history. Even my father will approve if I take the Hwajok with me."

The succession to the throne will be solidified.

"You probably think of me as the heir of a great king. It is a feat none of my brothers have ever accomplished."

Areon pointed his sword towards the front.

"Conquer."

At the same time as the order was given, more than 100 cavalrymen rushed at a terrifying speed.

At that time, when the fire tribes, who were watching in amazement, didn't know what to do, Chief Lutia shouted.

"Run away!"

Armand, who ran backwards through the crowd, drew his sword and charged the cavalry.

Johann followed.

"honey!"

"Do not come! Get as far away as possible!"

"I will go with you."

"Crazy? Then die! protect the children you can lead It's impossible for the chieftain alone."

"Huh."

Yo Rahan bit his lip and twisted his body at the right words that had no room for refutation.

"Just buy time and get out!"

Nodding his head, Armand erased his thoughts and focused on the battle.

"Rated control."

Her sword flew through the sky, and fountains of blood burst through the iron gloves of the knights.

Areon's eyes twinkled as he watched the knights collapse.

"Who is that woman?"

Fisk opened his notebook.

"Even among the Fire Tribe, there are very few people with an active disposition. They are called carnivores. It is said to show great fighting power in combination with its unique ability."

"Surely strong."

Areon added.

"And strong is beautiful. Fisk, I need to get her. Could she be captured alive?"

"Yes."

Fisk is competent.

"Divide the cavalry into three, with one unit blocking the retreat and the other capturing the villagers. It's done in three minutes."

When the adjutant signaled with a flag, the cavalry cavalry dispersed in line as if cut by a sword.

Jorahhan saw through the enemy's scheme.

'You can't go faster than a horse. In this way, everything is captured. I have to fight back somehow... ... Suddenly thinking of it, he said to Lutia.

"Chief! To the forest!"

When the Hwajok entered the forest, the cavalry, which had been in conflict for a while, abandoned their horses and jumped in.

"huh! Even so, I can't even attack... ... yes?"

As if the forest came alive, all kinds of plants and bugs started attacking the knights.

"damn! You use strange techniques!"

No matter how many tree branches he cut, the attacks were endless, and eventually his stamina began to run out.

Fisk looked over the forest and said.

"You are struggling."

"It's the same over there. Have you been properly trained?"

Fisk got off his horse and spread his arms, knowing that those who were entrusted with full power had many responsibilities.

"I will handle it."

Suddenly, a strong wind blew around him and flew like an arrow with both legs floating.

As Armand hurriedly twisted his body at the unexpected approach, his hand grazed his shoulder.

Fisk said.

"Slow."

At that moment, Armand felt an unfamiliar feeling.

'what?'

If it was the era Shirone lived in, I would have thought it was similar to the previous one.

"Huh!"

As of now, she had no way to understand the phenomenon of the air becoming sharp like a blade.

Holding onto the cut on his forearm, he stepped back and Fisk landed on the ground again.

Armand summoned the sword and asked.

"Is it memorization?"

"no."

Fisk held out his hand.

"The power of the mind."

"Woman, I am a seeker of the truth of the world. My King is looking for you, so surrender meekly. Then you won't hurt anyone."

"huh."

Armand, baring his fangs, slapped his sword.

"You look down on the Hwajok. We are peace-loving, not cowards afraid of death."

The forest shook in the distance and I saw exhausted knights grabbing their heads.

"I saw it in the old documents. The hypothesis that it assimilates with all things in nature seems to be true. But... ...

Fisk raised his hand above his head.

"Human controls the phenomena of all things in nature, and this is the fifth element that unites fire, water, earth, and air."

The air heated up and a fireball the size of a pumpkin was born on the palm of my hand.

"It is the concentration of the mind." Armand's expression went blank at the situation in which he made fire without using anything.

"Fireball."

As he swung his arm, a ball of fire fell in a parabolic arc at the beginning of the forest.

"no!"

There was a loud explosion, and black smoke began to rise from the forest.

Fisk said.

"How is it? Power much stronger than natural fire. This is the human potential."

As the villagers, suffocating from the smoke, ran out of the forest again, the cavalry surrounded them.

"Choose. If you give up their lives, you will be able to live. Will you fight or surrender?" That's how the battle ended. The loss of the cavalry was greater than expected in mutual sacrifice, but Areon felt good.

"Has everyone gathered?"

Armand looked around as all the fire tribes gathered with frightened expressions.

'What about Yorahhan?'

It was nowhere to be seen.

If he had run away, there would be nothing more gratifying than that, but the opposite case was also possible, so his heart was heavy.

'Please, please stay alive.' Areon said.

"I am the prince of the Micas kingdom. As of today, this territory will become the territory of Mikas, and you too are now subjects of the kingdom. If you deny this... ...

While the long-winded rumor continued, Yorahhan was watching the situation through a gap in the warehouse.

'It's finally caught.'

It was good to lead the fire tribes and drive out the cavalry, but the forest caught fire out of nowhere.

'Magic.'

I heard you call it that.

'What should I do now?'

As long as the children were held hostage, Armand would never raise his sword.

'It's impossible to run away from horseback riding. Even if it were possible, the fire tribe would not run away if even one fell behind. If that's the case, if you're dragged along like this... ...

In an instant, Jorahhan's eyebrows twitched.

' there is!'

A way to escape with everyone.

'I don't know what the wizard will do, but no, it's not luck. They can never come after us.'

Now there is only one thing left.

'Can I do it?'

The eyes of Yo Ra-han, who was fiddling with the dagger in his bosom, were more intense than ever.

Forbidden Zone (2)

During Yorahan's conflict, Areon showed off his ability in front of the Hwajok.

"purple. I conquered this forest with 100 horsemen. And I have over 10,000 troops. Sooner or later the world will lie at my feet."

Armand thought in a gaze that could not be found fear of the world.

'Attractive.'

Young, beautiful, and that active attitude, as if born only to dominate... ... .

'It must be the lineage of the king that humans say.'

It wouldn't be strange to feel the light emanating from Areon's body.

'But I don't like it.'

The light offended Armand.

'If only you are the one who needs to shine, that light is never beautiful. Yohann is...

He was the one who would become the light that encompassed the world.

Chief Lutia asked.

"What are you going to do with us?"

"I am generous."

Contrary to the words, Areon's long sword cut into Lutia's chin.

"But only for my people."

Areon withdrew his sword and looked back at the Hwajok.

"You will soon become citizens of a great kingdom. You will be entrusted with a very heavy duty to assist the king. A good house, good food, and all kinds of treasures will be given to you."

said Ruthia.

"We don't want anything. I just want to live peacefully in this forest."

"I'm sorry."

Areon's eyes grew cold.

"You don't have to be good at anything. because i'm good at it What do you think this means?"

"I do not know."

"All you can do is obey."

Just as Areon was about to cut Lutia's head, Armand stood in the way and raised his sword.

A strong rustling sound was heard, and the cavalry charged at her with displeased looks.

Areon raised his hand.

"stop."

Fisk said as the cavalry retreated.

"It is a carnivore. It looks like it needs to be tamed a little. Leave it to me."

If it was killing children, it would be better for him to do it himself than to be a soldier.

"No, there is no need for that."

Areon, stepping back, was full of confidence.

"Woman, what is your name?"

"Armand."

"I like it."

Only that mattered.

"You are not a slave. strong and aggressive come to me I will save you from hell."

Having lived with Yorahhan for more than two years, now she too understood the man's language.

"I am a married woman. I can't."

"haha! Didn't I tell you, I'm generous. I don't care what happened before you met me. But denying it now is a sin that has nothing to say even if all the members of the fire family die."

Armand was speechless.

'I'm sorry, guys.'

Because she cannot betray Yorahhan, the Hwajok will be annihilated, but then she will also raise her sword.

"Hmm. indeed... ...

Areon looked at Armand with mad eyes, who expressed his intention of refusal in silence.

"Kill them all."

"Wait, wait a minute!" When Yorahhan ran out of the warehouse, Armand's expression showed emotion for the first time.

A sense of relief flooded over me, enough to make me forget the current situation, but my brows crinkled.

'Why are you here? stupidly.'

Areon asked.

"Who are you? Are there traitors among the Hwajok?"

"I-I am human. It is an idea that travels the world. I was captured by the Hwajok and humiliated for two years."

"Caught?"

To this gentle race?

"Armand here is my wife. She passed on her knowledge and skills here for two years. She was also constantly monitored so that she did not touch other fire tribes."

A clumsy lie would blow away even the only chance, so I packed up the truth.

As Areon turned around, Fisk said.

"It is possible. The carnivorous species recorded in the ancient documents are said to be cruel and tyrannical."

A scholar would have written the truth.

It just ignored why carnivores had to be cruel and tyrannical towards humans.

"Yes, this is it."

Looking at Yorahhan with curious eyes, he looked at Armand's expression and asked.

"If you were held by force, would you mind if I took your wife?"

"That, that... ...

"Why? Are you in a bad mood?"

"Oh no! How could I have such a heart for Prince Mikas! I have but one request."

"Blue'?"

Johann lay flat on his face.

"Please take me to Mikas. If you ask me to do anything, I will do my best!"

Arreon felt good from the point of view of being hired by talented people from all over the world.

"haha! They say you are a thinker, but you have an eye for seeing the times. good. I will keep you by my side and use it."

"thank you!"

Since humans cannot know the truth of others, it is natural for the Hwajok to feel betrayed.

'why?'

Armand knows the truth about Jorahhan.

'There must be no way.'

My doubts deepened as I knew that he was not a person who would abandon his wife even if he had to die.

"Okay, that's it. Your husband also knelt before me. So why don't you choose too?"

Believing Jorahhan, Armand lowered his sword, but Areon accepted it as a sign of obedience.

"Yes, this is the way of the world. wake up too You will have to do a lot for me in the future." Yorahhan looks up at the world from the lowest place, and Areon faces the sky with his feet on the ground.

do you know

'see.'

It is believed that the gap between the ends is the best place to see the human breath.

Jo Ra-han, whose expression disappeared for a moment, naturally stood up and swung the dagger in his bosom.

"uh?"

It wasn't hatred or resentment, so at the end of a smooth movement, like swinging without an object.

"??????uh?" A fountain of blood burst from the nape of Areon's neck.

"Prince!"

Jorahhan, who accurately cut the area that could not be covered with armor, turned around and shouted.

"Run away!"

The fire tribes were shocked.

'Teacher... ...

Because I never thought of myself as someone who could hurt anyone.

"What are you doing! Do you all want to die?"

If everyone in the world gave orders, only Jorahhan would be the one they followed.

"Guys! go to the woods! now!"

The Hwajok, who came to their senses, ran with all their might.

The cavalry commander, knowing that there would be no catch if he went into the woods, mounted his horse.

"Follow me! Do not leave even one alive!"

"wait!"

At Fisk's cry, the cavalry raised their front legs.

"Prince."

Areon's condition was serious.

I pressed the wound on the nape of my neck, but hot blood was pouring between the palms of my hands.

'I avoided the spinal cord and cut off only the artery. Maybe to buy time to escape? This guy knows anatomy.'

At the time, not many people knew about it.

"Phi, Fisk."

Areon, whose face was inflated like a balloon, grabbed Fisk by the shoulder and squeezed out his words.

"me... ... save me me... ... live."

'damn!'

If they were a Hwajok or something, if the prince died, their lives would end here.

Fisk raised his head.

"I'll take the prince and return to the base right now! hurry! You can't waste even a second!"

The sacrifice of the cavalry was essential to cover the maze-like forest in the shortest distance.

"Prince! Be patient, my prince!"

Even while transporting Areon, Fisk mobilized all his knowledge to stop the bleeding.

'It's soil that closes the wound, but this one bleeds too much. Then, with the power of water... ...

Could you make blood?

In the distant future, humans will understand everything, but only after much more warfare.

"Huh!"

Fisk's face dripping with cold sweat was hopeless.

"I don't know!"

No matter how the four elements of air, earth, water, and fire were combined, blood could not be created.

"??????steel?"

or something else.

"Fisk."

Perhaps because he was highly focused, Areon's voice was annoying this time.

"Prince."

Even non-experts could tell that Areon was on the brink of death.

"I want to die... ... no."

After those words, the prince of Micas Kingdom passed away without even closing his eyes.

"done."

Even if he returned to the kingdom like this, the king of Micas would kill him.

"blood."

It didn't matter anyway.

"It's blood."

If you ruined your life, wouldn't it be worth risking your life?

"huh."

Jumping off the chariot, he watched as the prince's corpse was taken to the kingdom of Mikas.

According to Omega's records, Fisk devoted his life to it, but failed to create blood.

Although he completed a book titled Blood Composition and Ingredients, it is also a story that has nothing to do with traditional dreams.

The place where Shirone's subconscious, immersed in a deep dream, headed was Jorahhan's agony.

"Sigh! Sigh!"

As he led the fire tribe and ran frantically through the forest, he felt that his eyes were getting dark.

It was only when I got down on my knees that I realized that I was out of breath and the pain rushed in.

"Jorahhan."

Armand was speechless.

"I, I... ...

Shaking his hands, Yorahhan muttered with eyes that seemed to have lost his soul.

"I cut people, people."

The beliefs that preached love and shunned violence disappeared in an instant.

No, that's just a matter of reason.

"Huh." I was just afraid, and my heart throbbed like a poisoned frog running amok in my stomach.

"Armand, I, I... ...

"Wake. you kept the fire family That's it. If it wasn't for you, I would have died."

"Cow, small world creation. Honey, I... ... I can't stand it... ...

Seeing that Jorahhan's eyes were half-rolled, Armand hurriedly connected their hearts.

The moment they became one, she wept.

'How soft a heart is this.'

He was such a kind person that he would not kick even a rolling stone.

Armand whispered.

"Sorry. everything is my fault I couldn't protect you I'm you..."

I wanted to make my dream come true.

It is said that if you share your sorrow, it will be halved, but this time it was true, and Yorahhan calmed down.

"No, it is not."

Have you ever wandered in a dream?

"I was stupid. He had never lost anything, but he was ignorant of the reality and only had high ideals."

"Jorahhan."

"Let's hide. Let's hide and never go out into the world. I live with the fire people in a place where there is no violence or selfishness."

"Then what is your dream? You said you wanted to save humanity."

"Many Hwajoks have already been sacrificed. I don't want to lose anyone anymore. Above all, without you I... ...

Since it was already one heart, she felt the same way that she had no regrets.

"OK got it."

If my husband wants it, that's enough.

"Let's leave. Into the woods where no one can find, where no one can disturb us."

"??????yes."

That's how Yohann broke his faith.

Nevertheless, the transfer dream was still in progress, and Shirone was rather convinced.

'I see.'

If it is something that can be accomplished because you know better than anyone that practicing love is difficult.

'Now all that's left of him is... ...

first jora.

His last case, which he finally reached through a perfect match, was about to unfold.

Forbidden Zone (3)

"Thing."

Taeseong called out, but Singh did not respond.

"This is your last chance. soon... ...

"Know."

As Taeseong spat out a single word, the door split in two and fell.

Baal, the commander of the 1st Army Corps of Hell, entered.

"It's a nice sight."

Umji and Yangji frowned at the sight of them confidently breaking down the door and entering.

'how?'

It was the door through which even Laska of the Human Security Enforcement Department risked their lives to bypass the self-destruct circuit.

Yangji gritted it.

"You broke the law. It has become too strong." Even in the dark, it seemed that even Satan would be overwhelmed in the physical realm.

Baal has arrived.

"Now my lectures can cut the world. thanks to humans That's why I'm a bit disappointed, this kind of ending." He also felt that the laws of Taeseong and Singh were completely intertwined and unable to move.

"Taesung. Star of intelligence."

Even as he watched Baal approaching, Taeseong couldn't move a single fingertip.

Thing bit his lip.

' please??????

Variables have no room to intervene in the gamble of the last moments of mankind.

'Please, someone convince me.' At this moment, with her world's strongest penetration power, she hoped to be persuaded for the first time in her life.

However, since such a person could not exist, she was unable to release her restraints in the end.

Baal raised his sword.

"Evil triumphs."

At that moment, the floor bulged up and a slime-like doll rose out of it.

Taeseong's eyes were filled with strength.

'periods!'

A 1-star satellite of the Human Security Enforcement Department, a person with mimetic abilities that can turn the body into slime.

Unlike Shirone, who fights demons, she climbs the tower slowly but in a straight line.

'I cut my throat.'

Mi-moon's legs, which had turned into knives, moved, but only the air caught them.

"what... ... ?"

Before she could grasp the situation, a flash of light ran along her body in an oblique line.

"no!"

Taeseong shouted, and the split body wriggled in different spaces.

"Big!"

He was holding on by turning his body into mucus, but Baal's blow was different from what he had experienced so far.

'It's not recovering. You cut my skills. At this rate, it becomes a single-celled organism.

I'm sorry.'

Brain cells can be maintained for only a few minutes.

"Don't worry."

Baal came and raised his sword.

"Because I have no bad taste."

As Mi-moon's throat fell clean, Tae-seong bit his lip and wept.

"Hong, is this humanity's last struggle?"

Shaking off his sword on the ground, Baal moved toward Taeseong, but Thing's expression went blank.

"yes'?"

The unknown phlegm was standing up again, and Baal, who realized from his expression, twisted his body.

"Really persistent... ... Kuck!"

Baal's body was pinned against the opposite wall as the slime struck at breakneck speed.

"Big!"

It was a shock that even the strongest demons could not bear.

"you... ...

Baal, clutching his throbbing chest, glared at the oozing slime and said,

"You are not human."

The phlegm gradually took shape, revealing the appearance of a man who was not beautiful.

Taehyung exclaimed with a surprised expression.

"Argones."

He was the father of the creature and another manager.

Elven Forest.

The Green Ocean was covered in darkness due to the breath of the black dragon, Abiris.

'Does it last?'

White Dragon Assriker felt Uriel approaching from beyond the abyss.

"... ... Wouldn't it be nice to take a break? Fighting in the shadows of the abyss is meaningless."

Uriel did not stop walking.

His condition was not so good because he was hit by three consecutive breaths from Fire Dragon, Black Dragon, and White Dragon.

"Destroy."

The anger was commensurate with it.

"At the end of this war."

Uriel's movements stopped abruptly.

"Do you really think there is a victory?"

I didn't even know what action it was taking, but it must have been a terrible destruction.

"God denied angels. Even if Ikael succeeded, there would be no reason to follow him now."

"This is my fight."

"Whoops."

Asriker's eyes became hazy.

"It's a fight. Come to think of it, I fought with you for a really long time. I think I know a little bit now."

"what?"

"well. Is it the most human?" "Eight archangels born from the first conception. But you're the only one who doesn't follow the original concept."

"I?"

"The head of the White Watch is definitely Ikael.

However, it is only a conceptual difference. You must be the only archangel with the power to destroy the archangel."

Uriel did not object.

"How simple is the thinking of someone who can destroy everything. But you still have all sorts of troubles. Perhaps because there are things that cannot be destroyed."

"Are you talking about Ikael?"

"Nope."

As Ryker said with deep eyes.

"longing."

Terrible screams were heard from Fairy's laboratory where Crown resided.

"Kyaaaaaa!"

And it was still.

"Hmm."

An elf woman captured during the day stood in front of the mirror with a dry expression like a doll.

Even the fairy of reflection that made the mirror trembled as if she couldn't believe the current situation.

"this... ...

Her throat cracked and she cleared her throat.

"Is this me?"

She muttered in a solemn tone that did not suit her beautiful appearance, and awkwardly massaged her body.

the elf male who had been captured with her asked.

"you... ... who is this?"

Turning slowly, she sighed.

"Crown."

Of course, I guessed, but when I heard it through her mouth, tears naturally poured out.

'I'm sorry I couldn't protect you, Erin.' On the surface, it was a simple experiment.

All he had to do was drill a small hole in the elf's skull and transplant Crown's brain into it.

The reason for the success of an experiment impossible even with human technology was Crown's ability.

"Not bad."

Erin looked at her hands alternately and said with a satisfied expression.

"Being an elf means."

"You horrible bastard! Do you know what you've done? You deny the law of nature... ... Keugh!"

When the fairy nearby activated the restraining ability, Crown, no, now Erin raised her hand.

"it's okay. release me."

"But, Mr. Crown, this guy said, "There is something I want to experiment with."

Even if the body changed, the fact that he was a king did not change, so the fairy did it.

The elf who regained freedom stood up and said.

"Give Eryn back."

"If that is a wish, consider it. However, if you beat me."

"what'?"

"Don't you understand? It's a reason to jump over the barrier between species, isn't it one anyway? to become a better being. If you are weaker than when you were a fairy, then the intelligence and body of an elf are useless."

"great. I will win anything."

It was important to save Erinn, but he couldn't stand the demeaning of his tribe in the wartime situation.

"I will adjust to you. Choose your weapon."

"bow."

As Erin instructed, Fairy brought the bow.

"The method is simple. If you hit even one shot anywhere on my body, it's your victory. I won't be able to shoot the bloody head anyway."

If they hit the head, Erin would die too.

"??????great."

The distance is only 4 meters.

If it was a man's skill, it was a distance that could hit not only elves but also flying flies.

' Shoulders... ...

He looked at Erin's right shoulder.

'I don't aim.'

Placing three arrows on the string at once, he shot straight into Erinn's forehead.

'sorry.'

It was the only chance to kill Crown.

'The wine of the wind. Aruore.' Arrows imbued with the spirit of the wind shot out at Mach speed, and a sonic boom belatedly exploded.

"Crown!"

When the fairies screamed in surprise, the situation had already ended, but it was different from what they expected.

"what?"

Erin, who had ripped the elf's head off the neck, stood at the entrance of the tent.

"If it's this easy, isn't it worth experimenting with?"

"Kkeuk?????? Kkeuk??????

The elf man opened his mouth.

More than the fear of death, the fear of the extinction of the Elf race was much greater.

'This guy is neither a fairy nor an elf.'

It's a monster.

'Aeos, the magic of wind. Even though it is the most basic magic, it has transcended the limitations of elves.' Even more than the elven fairy Enox... ... No, not even the angels would be able to subdue the Crown.

The biggest problem was that his body belonged to Erinn, whom the elves cherished and loved.

'This guy is not Erin. She can't be fooled.'

If the Elves did not know the inside story and accepted the Crown as their hideout, then it would be annihilation.

"Eh, Enox... ... sir."

In the end, without even being able to express his despair, he died in tears of blood.

"Tsk."

Erin threw her head and made a distorted expression.

"Too fast is also irritating. I tried to avoid it, but I was bored so I just killed it."

The fairies couldn't even breathe.

"Anyway, the implant is a success. It cannot be compared to the body of a beast. Even better than humans." The best you can get on this planet

it was the body

"Sung, congratulations on your success."

"Heh."

Part of the pineal gland between the elf's left and right hemispheres is removed and Crown's brain is transplanted.

Of course, the immune system will usually go into shock due to the creature's self-preservation instinct... ... .

"I am possible."

Crown, who was born with the 'best' emotion, instantly controlled the implant target's system.

Crown called this state 'boarding'.

"... ... Strange."

Erin's eyes deepened.

"Is this life?"

Until now, no one would have looked at life from outside of life.

What did he really see?

Curious fairies listened, but he was absorbed in his own thoughts.

"Well, that would be nice. Shall we ride this body for a while? Until a stronger body emerges."

"Hey, Mr. Crown. What shall I do with this body?"

The corpse of Crown, with its skull open, was lying on the tray on the table.

The fairies couldn't even approach.

Crown's gaze at the body that belonged to her only 10 minutes ago was cold.

'What defines me.'

flesh? mental? think? memory?

'That's also just an accident that I can do because I'm old. If it's not already me, even that... ...

It doesn't make any sense.

'What defines me is.'

Only I am in the specific concept of me, the idea that comes down from that transcendent place.

'It was a missing link.'

Idea disappears the moment I board, but Crown sees clearly.

'So I... ...





The Awakened (Illuminati)


Crown grabbed the corpse from the table and put the upper body in his mouth and cut it off with his teeth.

"Hey!"

softly softly

He muttered while the fairies trembled at the sound of bones grinding in his mouth.

"Not me." Now it's just a source of energy for eating.

"Wait until instructed. I will go to the elf's hideout."

"What are you going to do?"

Also, if the reason for eating is for reproduction.

"control."

Crown opened his arms.

"I will be king. My descendants will multiply on this land and rule behind the scenes of human beings."

It was the moment when the masters of the world changed.

Forbidden Zone (4)

Uriel asked.

"longing... ... say?"

As Ryker recalled the history of Heaven.

"You could have ended the war. When Ikael took your side. Only you could have done it. But you did not annihilate Ikael. As long as the concept exists, the angel will return from the sun as a pure psyche.

Even when you are born." "I could destroy Ikael, but I couldn't destroy the longing for this Kael. Isn't that why Kariel was so obsessed and you were silent?"

"What do you want to say?"

"Indestructible Archangel of Destruction, you are more human than Kariel. And we can still end this war. Do not play with divine providence."

"Maybe."

Uriel did not deny it.

"But what will change if I say I fight God? Isn't that playing with you?"

"You love Ikael."

Even in the abyss, he could feel Uriel's energy.

"That is love. The emotion you deny to the end and still ponder endlessly is love. Kariel's love for her is different, only for her... ...

When the judicial halo Ragnarok was accumulated, the darkness dissipated and Uriel appeared.

"Honbaekryong, do not disrespect me."

At this moment, it was the archangel of destruction that could end all wars in an instant.

"Or, you can just say no."

is it?

Uriel had never thought that the Archangel of Destruction could love anyone.

Because there won't be such a function itself.

" I??????

He wanted to say no, but Uriel couldn't utter those short words in the end.

"Do you think Ikael won't know?"

Assryker said.

"Because I deny it myself, I'm just pretending that others don't know. Perhaps someone is looking at your gaps."

A woman came to mind.

'maze.'

Is that why she turned her insides upside down every time the Kwan Yin of the extreme line collided with her?

"Mudeungpyo said. When only one can destroy, Uriel ends the war. Stop accepting it. That is your true fight."

The effects of Abiris' Breath and Shadow of the Abyss gradually disappeared, revealing the scenery.

The forest swept away by White Bone's wrath was dry as if it had been exposed to radiation.

Uriel annihilated Ragnarok.

"I'm not worried."

The wings of light spread out.

"If a god is trying to use me, destroy the god and create a new one. If longing is holding me back, it will only destroy it."

After leaving those words, it became a flash and flew away, leaving only the remnant of a magnificent vibration.

As Ryker lowered his eyes and muttered.

"... ... To be honest."

Well, since he's so honest, Ikael may have relied on him even though he knew everything.

"ruler."

Asriker stood up.

"Is the war restarting?"

The 11 apostles waiting in the sky also confirmed that the shadow of the abyss was lifted.

Many of the fairies had aged and disappeared, and the angels also had exhausted faces.

Light Dragon Phaeton said.

"The forest was blown, but it worked. What do you want to do? Should I continue to stir with the breath? or not... ...

Poine the Poison Dragon said.

"Don't reveal your hand all at once. Because I don't think the war will end like this. What are we missing?"

The dragon Argan asked.

"Is there a need for such a thing? It's like it assumes we can't win."

Blitz said.

"It's such a battle. The outcome of this war is not us, but Messiah's change. But so far there is no special variable. It is a dangerous idea that we just fight well and win."

The 12 apostles watched the forest in silence.

'What am I missing?'

The shadows of the abyss were lifted and the elves and fairies were fighting again in the vast wasteland.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

After escaping the Rotten Swamp, an elf woman crawled across the floor, dragging her filthy body.

"Sal, please save me!"

"Erin!"

One of the elves who was shooting arrows at the fairy troops recognized her.

"Give me cover!"

The elf charged forward with a bow, grabbed Erin's arm and entered the friendly camp.

"What happened? I thought you were dead!"

Erin wept.

"I was taken to the Crown's barracks. I should have died, Grid for me... ... Ah, ah!"

The elf, aware of the relationship between the two, hugged Erin without asking further.

"It's fine. calm down for now Let's report it to Enox-sama."

Erin's expression instantly turned cold as she entered the forest supported by the elves.

'Hong, are we finally meeting?' Looking down at the scene from the sky, the 12 apostles just averted their eyes indifferently.

'What's going on in this forest?'

No one knew.

Xing, as well as Yin-Ji and Yang-Ji, looked at the man who appeared through Mi-Moon's body.

"Argones?"

The first human Gaia, the dragon before that, and the source of all living things that existed before that.

Baal approached with cold eyes.

"Yes, I have heard of it in Hell. But they say that administrators operate independently of human goals."

Taeseong was also questionable.

'why?'

According to the dynamics of the universe, the two are set up as a married couple, but the way of thinking is different.

'I am a program that protects humanity. But he... ... I already tried to exterminate humans once.'

Because it invaded the realm of God.

'Perhaps... ... To protect humans?' Taeseong shook his head.

'I can't do that. To me, human beings are a unique result, but he can create creatures in any plane.' It was the reason Taeseong had maternal love for mankind.

'But... ...

It was Argones who gave the first human being the name Gaia and forgave Gaia at the request of Taeseong.

said Baal.

"Unlike Lethe-sama, the two of you have a complementary relationship. Do you really intend to protect Taeseong?"

"yes."

"yes'?"

Taeseong blinked his eyes.

"If the planetary program goes wrong, it will affect me too. Above all, you cannot be defeated by mere creatures. Someone like you that even your parents don't recognize."

"That is difficult to accept."

Baal's brow wrinkled.

"You made humans, not us. Well, demons came from human emotions, so they're probably at least grandsons, but that doesn't mean you're superior to Lethe-sama."

"Why are you here?"

Taeseong couldn't believe it right away.

"You said you weren't involved in human affairs. Weren't you supposed to give it a chance?"

He was more afraid of the Cell Buster that Argones would cause than his own extinction.

"It is not a human problem. Neither the Drimo program nor the Underworld program are currently in a state where they can carry out their normal missions. If this continues, the balance of the five major systems will collapse."

Argones turned his head.

"Give me one last chance. Go back to Lethe. We'll take care of things here."

"haha."

The lecture was in Baal's eyes.

"Can it be?"

Argones' blow made him feel as good as his chest throbbed.

It is true that he wanted to test his ability since he had reached an unprecedented level in the history of the demons.

'The end of the world. I felt empty because it seemed like it would end easily.'

thank god.

'I can wield it properly.'

The next moment, Baal and Argones were hit at the same time, and the outer wall of the Ivory Tower was scattered like dust.

"Big!"

Except for Taeseong and Singh, who were fixed by the law, everything was crumbling.

Thing thought.

Perhaps this will be the battle at the end of the world.

"The manager is no big deal either."

Argones, whose upper body was cut obliquely by the sword at the lecture, stood on a water hole with his remaining arm.

Then, the arm turned into a leg, and before I knew it, the upside down was reversed and it regained its original shape.

Baal leaned his sword over his shoulder.

"Can't you kill me too?"

Unlike Mimoon, Argones, capable of cell proliferation indefinitely, was a true immortal.

"But I won. It wouldn't be bothersome if I faced more enemies that I couldn't kill

only."

that's also true.

Baal twisted his back with all his might and said holding the handle of his sword with both hands.

"I am the pinnacle of demons."

It was a blow that could slash not only Argones, but also Taeseong and Sing's party.

"stop."

A familiar voice.

Taeseong and Singh's expressions changed, and blood vessels began to rise in Baal's eyes.

"Krrrr."

Even if you imitate a swordsman, you're still a demon in the end.

"Yahweh."

The face of Baal, who tore his lips with a face contorted toward the center, was the devil himself.

Thing couldn't believe it.

"Sir, Shirone."

The figure covered in demon blood was not the Shirone he had seen before.

"Hehe, did you come after all? I'm sorry. In the end you didn't keep anything. And the demon's blood. After all, you are only human... ...

"shut up."

Shirone sighed briefly.

"Don't talk to me." Half of Baal's body was completely crushed.

M | 99

When it returned to normal, it was already flying at a tremendous speed.

Baal pulled out the river and applied the brakes.

"Big!"

However, the body did not stop, rather, the pressure that seemed to destroy the body was pushed.

"Aaaaaaa!"

So he became a star in the sky.

"... ... Aaaaa!"

After a while, it came back with great speed and cursed Shirone with its bloody mouth.

"Abominable Yahweh!"

"no."

Perhaps Baal should have been cool.

"Even if I'm just an abomination like you said, even if I'm just a hypocrite... ...

Although it must have been unpleasant for his pride to have reached the pinnacle of evil.

"You guys have no right to say that."

He couldn't come back without understanding how he had been struck the first time.

"Photon Cannon."

What was born was a small photon.

And if you put mass in it and send it out at 99.9999% of the speed of light.

'what?'

You won't feel anything.

"Aww!"

All the internal atoms that already make up existence are twisted.

And something like that.

"Infinity."

It has spread to innumerable numbers.

"Huh uh uh uh!"

It was a feeling of fright rather than shock, and it was a fear that seemed to drain the soul.

That moment when the body of Baal, whose front part was terribly crumpled, flew back again.

"Come on."

When Shirone held out his hand, he flew forward again as if pushed by the current.

Tae-seong realized.

'Waves of particles.'

It was the highest level that a human, not Yahweh, a wizard of light could reach.

"Oops! Oooh!"

Falling to the ground, Baal screamed and twisted his limbs as if he had melted from the heat.

With Baal between her legs, Shirone looked down at him and gently thrust her fist out.

"Photon Cannon."

Baal shook his head madly.

"Ugh! Aaaaaaa!"

"... ... Infinity."

"Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!"

Baal's limbs convulsed as he poured down an enormous number of light-speed particles.

It was as if the birth and destruction of the universe were passing through his brain.

"Are you in pain?"

There is no way to describe this experience, so Baal was only weeping and wriggling.

"It is not revenge. Because the dead don't come back just because they haunt you. Do you know what this means? that there is no turning back You killed it, and you did something, and you, the person involved, cannot be held accountable!"

"Huh! Whoa!"

Said Rhone, looking down at Baal with sad eyes.

"I hate that."

Forbidden Zone (5)

The intestines became sober.

It is not to fight with good and evil in order to judge someone.

"What's the difference with this?"

The truth is, I don't want to curse the guilty, recommend the good, or punish the wicked... ... .

"I just want to fix the problem."

It's just that I don't like the extreme of chaos that I'm willing to commit even though I know I can't take responsibility.

After hearing Shirone's words, Baal realized.

'It's not Yahweh.'

If Miracle Stream was harmful to demons, Photon Cannon Infinity was harmful to all creatures.

'Atomic destruction ability.'

Yahweh, who has removed all of his inner demons through Sojeonghwa, will no longer be able to rage.

' Similar.'

As Baal felt, the Photon Cannon Infinity definitely had the characteristics of a minority.

It's just a difference between quantum and particle, but the way to destroy them in a one-on-one response is the same.

That made it even more upsetting.

'I lost to the wizard?'

Even if they reached the final stage of chaos, they had no choice but to be trampled by the pinnacle of intelligence.

'Do not be ridiculous! It's not over yet.' Evil methodology.

The pride of the 1st corps commander and the pride of the strongest demon tribe were not important anymore.

"Hey, Yahweh."

He turned over with his entire body twisted and fell flat on his elbows.

"I will repent."

Jisung won.

However, Taeseong, as well as Argones watching the scene, had a serious expression on his face.

'Shirone.'

Good and evil are those who are at the extremes of the world, but they are rather stable in terms of purpose.

'Now I'm the strongest as a human being. You can choose anything. If he has a bad heart... ...

The future of mankind could be doomed.

"yes."

Shirone withdrew his fist and stepped back.

"This does not mean that the dead will return, but please repent. My sincere condolences to them."

If no one repents, the day will never come when evil will disappear from this world.

Tears welled up in Taeseong at the sight of Shirone giving him another chance.

'Yes, it was.'

I can't have a bad heart, so I guess I chose the path of Yahweh.

"thank you."

Baal, who spoke with his forehead on the floor, looked up and chilled.

'This is the end, Yahweh.' The Pandemonium Deadly Cross of the 1st Corps Commander.

If the demon was as strong as it is now, the meteorite's arrival time would be much shorter.

'Of course, the power is beyond imagination.'

Sparks flew from Thing's eyes as his body gave off purple smoke.

"Shirone! that guy... ...

Baal lifted his face.

His face, whose molecular structure was transformed as if a species had been changed, was the height of grotesqueness.

"In the end, this is my victory, Yahweh."

"no!"

The moment Taeseong shouted, Argones jumped out and cut Baal's head.

"... ... late."

The administrator was the first to realize, and Shirone looked back across the vast universe.

'come.'

They were meteorites of enormous mass.

When Baal's body was completely destroyed, the demonic spirit that permeated the air let out a muffled voice.

- Ha ha ha! I became a demon, so you can't kill me. How are you? Can this be solved too? Even if the meteorite is destroyed, the human race will become extinct in the aftermath alone! you couldn't keep up! Did you really think I would do penance?

"no."

I was expecting

"I just wished. Nothing will change. We will continue to reach out. No matter how much you ridicule, no matter how harshly you think, no matter how much you are tricked by your tongue like now... ...

The answer is clear.

"Because we are right."

Nowhere in this universe is there a shrine for demons.

"Once an hour."

Smoke of light rose from Shirone's body.

"Elicia."

The 7 million Ultima system began denying the demonic system.

- What are you doing!

It's only 0.3 percent of the existing human race, but if human justice is everything... ... .

'It is also.'

Because it is 0.003% of the entire universe.

-no! It can't be like this! how is this... ... !

"Suffice."

It was easy enough to annihilate a meteorite, which is mere dust compared to the universe.

When Shirone opened her arms, a cross-shaped radiance shot a flag of light toward the sky.

-Yahweh! You will die painfully! One day the human you love will kill you... ... !

Sensing extinction, Baal quickly spewed out the words, but in the end, a scream adorned the end.

-Oh oh oh! oh oh oh!

Following the sound of being sucked into the abyss, the flash disappeared and silence came.

Everyone was facing Shirone.

"that is... ... what?"

For Singh, who handles the law, the flash of a moment ago was the greatest shock of his life.

"Elicia. no......

Shirone turned to her and said.

"Ultima System."

Xing's expression went blank, and Yin-Ji and Yang-Ji, who assisted her, frowned.

"Sing."

perseverance is weakening.

'I'm being persuaded.'

One thing, defined by 7 million people, was overwhelming enough to defy Sing's philosophy.

Argones, who watched Gaia from the side, had the same thoughts.

'If it's really Ultima, it's easy to deny the Pandemonium.'

How about Cell Buster?

He couldn't make up his mind.

'This level of power can never be stopped. But at least it's like the Ultima system. If this becomes the fuse and the real thing is completed... ...

The result will no longer be known even by God.

'Should I deal with it now?'

Taesung said.

"Argones, you promised. Humanity has yet to invade the realm of the gods."

And I looked back at Shirone.

"Please release me. If the system of the Underworld is destroyed, the foil will open and reality and hell will overlap."

Demons descend into the present world.

It was also the reason Shirone was preparing to establish Tormia as a world leader.

"Thing, maybe we will never know the truth of others. But we can do it together. Not with logic, but with the heart. If you still have feelings for me... ...

Shirone held out his hand.

"Let's fight together." Thing still didn't answer, but a fierce battle was going on inside his head.

'Shirone. more, a little more... ... Convince me.

Uorin was exhausted.

"Huh! Huh!''

From the headaches of future poetry, from the attacks of assassins from around the world, from the fear of crossing the line.

Kido looked back at her.

'It's the limit.'

both physically and mentally.

'It holds up in the extreme realm, but it collapses even if a little more shock is applied here.'

Mitochondrial Eve has lived through human history, but Woorin now is different.

If you think that any experience is something you give to your new self, you will be able to endure it... ... .

'I don't have a daughter. Now she is the only one.'

It was because it was to give birth to Shirone's child, and it was the years she had endured only for that.

'As much as I've waited for tens of thousands of years, my current life is precious. But he crossed the dead line dozens of times.'

Should I rest?

The moment he turned around thinking that, Wu Orin suddenly sat down with a surprised expression on his face.

"Huh!"

Kido hurriedly ran away.

"what's the matter? what's the matter!"

As she looked up at the ceiling with a bewildered expression, she trembled and said,

"Elicia, Elicia... ...

"yes'?"

she said, turning her head.

"It didn't trigger."

It was the light that always covered the entire temple at the same time and found the location of Harvitz.

"It was written elsewhere. Shiro, you won't protect me. anymore I......

Through Uorin's eyes, Kido confirmed the process of mental collapse in real time.

"Uorin, calm down! Hey!"

Uorin covered her face and screamed.

"Ouch! Aww!"

die, die, die, die

Tens of thousands of years have no meaning whatsoever.

"Wake! Hey!"

Kido grabbed her by the shoulder and shook her, but her will, once broken, was not easily restored.

Uorin grabbed Kido and shouted.

"What do we do? Harvits will come. Habits will kill me and take away her powers! done!"

The feeling of hopelessness made her cry out again.

"Aaaaa!"

"Please come to your senses!"

When Kido slapped him hard on the cheek, Uorin's eyes instantly returned to normal.

"Havitz is not coming! Now you remember Habitz! You didn't activate Vanishing!"

"That's why Shirone didn't use Elikia either! Nothing is over yet. we... ... !"

At that moment, Kido's senses sensed the presence.

"Who are you!"

Something popped out of the corner at the end of the hallway, and Kido opened his mouth in a daze.

My brain was floating around.

"brain'?"

Hearing those words, Uorin turned her head away, forgetting even the fear and frowning.

"you... ...

Kido turned his head.

"what's the matter? Do you know what that is?"

"Adam."

An illusion unfolded around his brain, transforming him into a man with metallic hair.

"Are you human? Something is a little strange."

"I am Gaian. And... ... Not even my husband."

"ok?"

Adam, who calmly walked down the hallway while Kido blinked, opened his mouth.

"It's been a while, Uorin. no... ... her real name.

"Release."

It was her name before she became Eve.

Nade looked around.

"This is Melkidoo's core?" Cain said.

"yes. To be precise, it is the road to the Halls of Evil. To tell you one thing, this isn't an undercoder, it's a real forest. That's why time flows just like reality."

Shirone realized why Cain had grown old.

'Even if you hold on to time through cowardice, you have no choice but to come out in reality to bring users to the core. But maybe only a few hours in five years.' Even so, if you were middle-aged, you could guess how long human history has been.

As they entered the forest, a huge golden altar stood in front of them.

Cain pointed to the Hall of Evil.

"As you might guess, this place was not made by me. The first Melkidu was originally a term referring to the Halls of Evil. But I came into this forest... ...

"I made a strange system."

Cain laughed happily at Iruki's words.

"haha! Wasn't it pretty fun? come in anyway Because all evil is recorded here. And if you erase it, it will also be erased in reality."

A shadow fell over Curtis' face.

Upon entering the entrance, there was a stairway to the basement, followed by an endless passageway with bright light.

Eden asked with a serious expression.

"How far is it?"

"Well, as much as human history? Actually, I don't know where it ends because I've never been to the end either. If you explore a place like this, you will die of old age. Besides... ...

Cain entered the first of the openings along the corridor.

"My favorite place is here."

The party followed Cain's gaze and looked at the extra-large portrait hanging on the wall.

"Wow... ...

In addition to the power given by its size, it was a work of art that evoked a bizarre feeling as to who painted it.

"Not all characters are given special privileges, but this person is special. Yahweh would understand?"

Shirone said.

"Mitochondrial Eve."

After hearing that, the party took a closer look at the portrait.

"Uorin?"

Although it was beautiful, it was completely different from the present appearance, and above all, the impression was close to evil.

"It is the original form before reversing evolution. The one who implanted the concept of good and evil in mankind."

Nade was bewildered.

"What the hell did you do that even good and evil come out?"

"She is... ...

Shirone with a bitter expression looked back at the party and said.

"I touched the forbidden fruit."

Missing Link(1)

Omega Year 666.

Due to the minorization of Anchera, two Gaians boarded the ark and left heaven.

The names of those who arrived on the lonely planet with the help of Terraforce were Adam and Lilith.

"It is our land."

It was an atmospheric environment similar to heaven, and the scale of the ecosystem was no less than that.

"Let's call it Eden."

Unlike the contented Adam, Lilith was worried.

"Ultima's power has weakened. Can we really carve out a new life here?"

"It's fine. Because we are a race that fought against God. You and I will be happy here forever."

As time passed, the ancient city of Eden prospered enough to be called humanity.

16.8 billion Gaians.

The reason the population was able to grow explosively was because lifespans were extremely long.

After returning from farming, Adam kissed Lilith as he embraced him.

Love that transcends time must be the reason they were designated as the passengers of the ark.

"Today is also a peaceful day."

In the scene overlooking the city of Eden, Lilith smiled heartily.

"There is nothing more enjoyable than seeing children live happily ever after."

Lilith felt like she had it all.

'They are all my children.'

If any parent had 16.8 billion children, they would understand Lilith.

"yes?"

At that moment, the sky suddenly opened and a dazzling flash of light illuminated the earth.

As all the Gaians in the city knelt down, Adam wept with emotion.

"Ahhh."

"Dear Adam."

It was a Guffin who later became a god with a heart.

He decided to take the Gaia people here to win the war of the gods.

At one time, Adam too was willing to comply because he had fought in heaven, but Lilith was not.

"no! Absolutely not!"

In order to change Guffin's heart, she abandoned Ultima, but Gaiain eventually left Eden.

Left alone, she cried for three days and three nights.

If any parent had lost 16.8 billion of their children, Lilith would understand.

As the tears dried up, Lilith heard footsteps approaching her.

"honey."

Adam was walking.

"why?"

"You sent me back to take care of you. This is the land we must live in... ...

Lilith jumped up and slapped Adam on the cheek.

"Why did you send the children away! How I raised those children, how I took care of this city!"

"You know. We must fight! Did you forget the pride of being a Gaian just because you abandoned Ultima?"

"Of course you know. How dangerous Heaven is, how strong God is! Oh, they will all die!"

Adam was sad.

It is because I knew what the current situation of setting up an angle of confrontation meant.

"You really abandoned Ultima." Lilith spat out ferociously.

"no. you stole it My opinion, the children, Ultima, and the pride of being a Gaiar!"

The clear and gentle impression of her began to distort into a cold and cruel impression.

"Sick of it."

The inorganic hair, which must have originally evolved in a heavenly environment, snapped off at the midpoint.

"you! What are you doing!"

And the newly growing hair was organic hair, a characteristic of creatures living in Eden.

"Twice again... ...

Lilith said with narrowed eyes.

"I won't be taken away."

Reverse evolution created by hatred of Gaians and obsession with maintaining the species.

It was the first Eve.

"You were a beautiful person."

After saying that, Cain smiled.

"Your temperament was a bit nasty." Amidst the silence in the Hall of Evil, Iruki turned to Shirone and asked.

"Why is Mitochondrial Eve defining good and evil? What did you do?"

Shirone said.

"Lilith abandoned Ultima to become Mitochondrial Eve. Afterwards, she gave birth to a child with Adam, but the child was far from what Adam wanted."

Iruki looked at Cain's face.

"... ... You weren't Gaian."

"yes. I haven't fully awakened my abilities yet. It was just that a Gaian who had mastered his heart transformed his own genetic ability with a fervent wish. Of course, the relationship between the two of them has fallen apart. There were daily disagreements, and sometimes antagonism."

Cain's eyes deepened.

"Lilith hated Adam, who considered her a tool for reproduction. That hatred led to hatred of men, and it seems that he was quite harsh with his son. But the really big problem is... ...

Shirone paused for a moment.

"What would happen if two people, a man and a woman, fell on a certain planet and they separated?"

great loneliness.

Shirone asked again.

"They are... ... Who am I to love?"

"Aaaaa!"

Lilith was bestial.

Abandoning Gaia's precepts, she fell in love with many of the planet's servants.

Witch of Lust.

Adam, who criticized his wife like that, eventually couldn't stand it and left the house.

Lilith didn't care.

'I want to love. I want to be loved.' A vicious cycle in which the more one desires pleasure, the more empty the heart becomes, and the more one covets pleasure.

However, there was one precept that even such a lustful witch did not break.

"Mother."

After leaving home for the first time in a while, she looked indifferently at her children who worked hard.

"What are you doing here?"

Having not felt human warmth for over 100 years, she was drying up in love.

Seeing Abel, his son with a strong build, in such a state, saliva went down his throat.

' Sigh.'

My body was burning hot, and I was dizzy from wanting to hit him right away.

'no.'

Lilith desperately endured it.

Perhaps it was the pride he wanted to protect until the end as a fallen Gaian.

'Beasts don't matter. but no children If you set foot there even once... ...

can never come back

The moment that one taboo is broken, desire will be passed down from generation to generation and lead to ruin for everything.

At that time, lost in thought, Lilith saw her daughter, Luluwa, kissing Abel.

'... ... is it?'

It wasn't strange.

Even when they first arrived on this planet, all Gaians were the children of Adam and Lilith.

'Yes, it is unavoidable. But Lulu and Cain have been close since they were little.'

Where he turned his gaze, there stood Cain, who was looking at his younger brother with a sad expression.

'It can't be helped.' Lilith thought Cain should give up.

'Lulu and Abel should be paired with each other. Because it's the right thing to do with someone you love.'

No matter how depraved she was, her Gaian rationality still remained.

However, unlike her who once mastered the mind, Cain shed tears every night.

"Why?"

Cain asked himself.

"Why Abel works and I can't!"

I want to love you.

I just want to start a family with my beloved sister and live happily ever after.

"I mean, I fell in love first! Before Abel liked it, I said I liked it first!"

Why aren't there two people with Lulu?

The law of this world, in which Abel had to be unhappy in order to be happy, was terrible.

"Oh God."

Cain told the world.

"Why Abel? What have I done wrong! Why the hell! Should I be unhappy!"

God... ... I was careless.

"Damn it!"

If it wasn't for Abel... ... .

'If he hadn't been born, if he hadn't existed in this world!'

Would he have loved himself with Lulu?

At that moment, Cain came up with a genius idea.

'No Abel?'

My heart started beating like it was when I first felt love for Luluwa.

Since they were born and until now, no one has ever died.

At the same time, Lilith reflected herself in the mirror in the stinking room.

"Am I becoming a beast?" The more he craved pleasure, the more dense and stimulating his body became.

Reverse evolution is still going on.

"Abel... ...

Would you like this body?

'That would be nice, Lulu.'

To receive the love of two strong men, Cain and Abel.

'If I were my daughter... ...

Lilith, who had a dizzying imagination for a moment, turned around coldly, swearing.

'no.'

You have to finish yourself.

The instincts of living things are passed on to posterity and cannot be traced back to the region.

'Should I die?'

It should have been, Uorin still thinks as she recalls that time.

If only I had known I would have to endure eons of time.

One day.

The sky at that time was so clear and vast that thunder and lightning seemed to split the world apart.

It was a night of torrential rain.

While the Arden brothers were resting at their respective homes, a man walked in the rain.

Cain was nervous.

'Can it really be like this?' She left the house as if possessed by something, and she knows that she can return even now.

'Abel... ... Kill?'

His mind was convulsing with the unknown anticipation of what lay ahead.

'no. There's no way it's possible to kill Abel. Why should you? It's not even food.'

It was an era when the concept of murder did not even exist because no one died.

'It's the same thing as hunting anyway.' In fact, Lilith's children have continued to eat by killing countless plants and animals.

So, if it was a sin to kill Abel, it was a sin to be alive.

That is the original sin that humanity will bear in the future.

'It would be sad without Abel. That guy is reliable and strong. Her brothers will feel bad too.'

Cain hesitated.

However, as soon as he was inclined to give up Luluwa, the hand holding the dagger became stronger.

'I can't do that!'

I wanted to be happy with the woman I loved, and I hated seeing her happy with my sister.

'Yeah, it's just Abel disappearing. Even now, countless lives are disappearing.'

The moment he saw his brother's house in the distance, Cain felt a great chill.

"Huh."

I wanted to scream.

'Why do you feel so strange? You can't help it if you want to love Lulu Wawa. Her world doesn't make her 2 of her. If her position had changed, she would not have Abel... ...

Did he really try to kill himself?

Hurrying away from the thought that came to his mind, Cain stood tall in front of the door of his brother's house.

"Oh, Abel."

A roar of thunder shook the sky.

The moment his heart was about to shake, Cain clenched his fists and knocked on the door openly.

Bang bang! Bang bang!

After driving himself to a place of no return, the only thing left for him is the judgment of fate.

'Don't come out, Abel.'

maybe you haven't heard

'Never come out. It was just thunder. I just need to fall asleep as usual.'

"Aw, what is it? in this weather."

and destiny.

"who are you? uh? What is your brother doing all of a sudden?"

He opened the door for Cain.

Missing Link(2)

Abel was terrified.

Cain's expression as he stood indifferently in the rain was an emotion he had never felt before.

run away

It was probably a sign of that feeling, but Abel struggled to control his emotions and smiled.

"What's going on? What's wrong with your expression?"

"Abel."

Although he hadn't put anything into action yet, Cain was thrilled with just that.

'How free are we?'

If God is indifferent anyway, what difference does it make if you do what you think?

'I can't.'

Cain found the only break that was nestled in that thrilling insight.

'Killing my younger brother is a strange thing.'

It's so strange, it seems to restrict even this infinite freedom that God has spread out.

"Abel, I... ...

Just as Cain was about to speak, a noise came from the room.

"Who is here?"

As Luluwa came out of the bedroom, Abel turned to Cain with an awkward smile.

"They said they were afraid of thunder... ... Ugh!"

Even now, after many years, Cain cannot remember what happened at that moment.

"?... "brother?"

For a moment, the world was pale, and when he came to his senses, a knife was stuck in his brother's chest.

first murder.

Abel did not understand what had happened to him.

"......Why?"

As the body of the giant collapsed with a thump, Luluwa blinked for a moment and was lost in thought.

'What is it?'

Why did Cain stab Abel with a sword?

'Why aren't you breathing? Are you dead? Like animals, like what we eat... ... Are you dead?'

The aftermath of emotions pierced her lungs so huge that it could not be analyzed.

"iced coffee!"

Luluwa sat down helplessly, and Cain looked at his brother's body as it cooled.

'Killed.'

I thought a lot.

Perhaps it was a feeling that even if I devoted my whole life to thinking about this, it would not be enough.

'Luluwa is now mine.'

Cain tried to ignore that fact and focused on being faithful to his original purpose.

"Lulu and."

Even as Cain approached, she couldn't even think of blaming anyone.

The first is like that.

Even if something actually happened, you start to doubt whether it is true rather than the result.

"Abel is no more. disappeared from this world Now there are only two left, you and me."

"brother."

I was confused with Lulu.

Cain's words were persuasive because he had never defined anything as bad or evil.

"Come on."

But the moment she was led by Cain's hand into her bedroom, she made up her mind.

'I love Abel.'

Even if he had to live with Cain for the rest of his life, that fact would not change.

"no. No, brother! I can't be your brother's wife!"

"it's not like that."

There were only 60 brothers, and there were not many options for mankind just starting out.

"It's already over. Abel cannot be revived. Now you will be my mate."

My brain was on the verge of exploding with animalistic desire.

For a very short time, it seems that I gave myself over to that desire while half losing my reason.

However, the moment he heard the sad cry, everything began to become clear to Cain.

"Lulu and."

The way she looked at herself who had killed Abel.

'My, I... ...

Even if it wasn't a knife, it contained disgust that would kill a person's soul.

'What have you done?'

Cain hurriedly fell from his sister's body as if he had been touched by a heated stone.

"Oh, no."

I can do that, so I just did it.

"Lulu, please... ...

don't look at me like that

"Aaaaaaa!"

Cain ran out of the room clutching his head and slipped on the bloody floor.

"Huh!"

Abel's open eyes were looking at him.

"no!"

As soon as I slammed the door and left the house, thunder and lightning stretched endlessly across the sky.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

It felt like Abel's blood as the raindrops drenched his body in an instant, as if he were submerged in water.

Qurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

"no!"

Cain couldn't see.

I was afraid of everything, and I only thought that time would stop like this.

Cain knocked on the door of Lilith's house as if someone was chasing him from behind.

"Mother! Mother!"

In the end, he had only one person to turn to.

"who is this?" Lilith stared at Cain, who looked heavier than her rain-soaked body.

Even the unusual blood on his chest.

"Mother."

Cain wept.

"I killed a man."

Lilith, who savored those words with a calm expression, grabbed Cain's wrist.

"Come in at once."

Meanwhile, at Abel's house where Cain left, Lulu and her cries resonated sadly.

"Abel, Abel."

What I finally realized was that something had happened that should never have happened.

"Aaaaa!"

Luluwa held onto Abel's body and cried out.

"no! If you leave like this... ... !"

The shock caused her to lose consciousness, and her pupils rolled up, revealing the whites.

"Uh huh?"

At that moment, the door slammed open.

Lulu and her focus returned when she saw a silhouette much taller than a human.

"ah??????

Lightning lifted the darkness.

"Dad." "Drink."

Lilith handed the warm tea to Cain.

"thank you."

After wiping off the water with a towel, Cain sat down on the bed and sipped hot tea.

"Haaaaa."

My hands were still shaking, but the fact that I was at my mother's house was comforting.

Actually I've never been to

Whatever Lilith did in this house, the children would have taken it for granted.

"What happened?"

Cain answered Lilith's question honestly.

Jealousy towards Abel, anticipation that Luluwa would come to him if his brother disappeared, and a flash of light.

"I thought it would be fine." Cain was weeping.

"Because you can do that, you can do that. Mother, what should I do now?"

Lilith was sad.

It's the desire to take over the beloved Jeong-in because I know better than anyone else.

"Come here."

Lilith stretched out her arms and Cain cradled her in her arms with a look of despair on her face.

Lilith's pupils shook at the force.

"ah??????

How long has it been since you felt someone's warmth?

"It's okay, my son. Because I have a mother this mother will protect you Got it?"

Cain realized.

"Mother."

If there is only one person who supports you, you will be able to live again.

"Sigh."

Lilith caressed Cain's chest with a moan between her teeth.

It was a kind of attraction.

If you want to make excuses, you can give them endlessly, but in fact, there is no room for any excuse.

The two bodies gave themselves over to unbearable convulsions and gradually lost their reason.

Cain had nowhere to turn, and was in a state of high arousal with murder and sexual urges.

Perhaps that is the case.

'Crazy.'

The reason Lilith desperately came to her senses.

'Let's stop here. I can stop now Cain will listen to me.'

her mouth was open

"Now that... ...

At that moment, Lilith saw the crystal of desire that was blurring even in her memory.

'snake.'

The most beautiful snake in the world seemed to whisper.

take me

"OO Ugh."

It was as if the desires from the depths, which had been suppressed until now, rose up and became an active volcano.

'I'll have it!'

That's how she hugged her hard body and embraced it with her whole body.

Lilith's screams spread throughout the room.

"Aaaaa!"

The extreme pleasure that can never be felt normally flowed into the other world.

- Covet! take away! Kill!

In the midst of the whirlpool of demons crossing the boundaries of Bakji, the two suddenly realized.

'crime.'

this is a sin

As much as fear and shame filled his entire body, the pleasure surged in multiplied form.

'I touched the forbidden fruit.'

Good and bad.

For the first time since the birth of mankind, what is right and wrong is defined.

"Release!"

The moment Adam shouted, Cain fell from the bed in surprise as if struck by lightning.

"Ah, Father."

As if even the witch of lust couldn't handle this shame, Lilith pulled the blanket.

"Dang, why are you here... ...

Adam's eyes shone with Gaian brilliance.

"Did he become a beast after all? You even kicked off your last chance to go to heaven?"

Lilith raised her eyes fiercely.

"You always think of heaven! Do you think Guffin will call you if you prosper Gai Ain? It's already done! I am not here to give birth!"

"Oooh!"

Tears of light poured from Adam's eyes like a waterfall.

'sorry.'

I couldn't keep Guffin's will.

Because Gaiain's last rule was broken, Ultima can no longer exist.

"We made a sin!"

Adam, who had surpassed Cain in one step, gave strength as soon as he grabbed Lilith by the neck.

"!"

As her neck was weakly broken, Cain sat down and his legs trembled.

"Ah, Father."

Adam looked down at him.

"... ... leave."

who would you blame?

All brothers on this earth are the result of being born between Adam and Lilith.

"I must also bear the guilt."

Under Ultima, no matter what you hunted or who you had a relationship with, it was right.

'Murder and incest.'

Now there are things that should not be killed and things that should not be associated with.

Good and evil are defined.

"We are no longer perfectly right. You will sin endlessly in the bondage of eating and breeding."

said Adam.

"No one can escape this cause."

it's called original sin

When Adam left Eden, Cain fell on the floor and held his head.

"Eh? Gaa! Why! Why!"

Cain tilled the land and Abel tended the sheep, and so they lived.

"Why me! Why Abel!"

What should the cold world, the law, do when it chooses Abel, not Cain?

"Huh"

how much i cried

As soon as the storm stopped and dawn began, Cain raised his head.

'I have to leave.'

I couldn't bear to see the faces of my brothers.

'But where?'

In a world where no one lives but his brothers, Cain realizes that he has nowhere to hide.

I felt like the whole world was blaming me, and someone was going to kill me.

It was the first guilt.

Cain, who left Eden before dawn, wandered aimlessly through the world.

He was not free anywhere, and he thought even while his body was drying up.

'Why did he do that?'

If death could solve the problem, I would be willing to take my own life right now.

Dry tears flowed.

'I should have been patient. There were dozens, no, hundreds of opportunities. why me... ...

Cain fell to his knees.

"Stop it now. let me go I can't stand it even for a moment! Stop!"

Trapped in the trap of guilt, he was going mad.

"What did I do wrong! Abel could have killed me! Anyone can do it! That's evil!"

warmed up again

"God, please save me. If only I hadn't done that, if only I hadn't done that... ...

At that time, a thick haze spread in front of Cain's eyes, and a building made of gold was born.

Cain watched as if possessed.

Perhaps because he was crazy, it was as if the building was talking to him.

-come. no one can blame you

lira

It was the Hall of Evil, Melkidu.

Missing Link(3)

Even after Shirone finished talking about the good and evil of mankind, the party remained silent.

Iruki was lost in thought.

'It was something like that.'

A Gaian who has mastered the mind.

To them, who could make the whole no matter what they did, there would be no distinction between good and evil, public and mourning.

'Ultima is broken.' It's not a matter of what you do, it's a matter of how you define it.

Shirone continued.

"I don't know what happened to Cain after that. The last record of Omega disappeared along with the thick smoke. In the end, he left reality and fled to Undercoder."

Even if it wasn't left in the record, Melkidu, which Shirone and the others experienced, was telling them what they were doing.

"I thought about it countless nights and pondered over it."

Cain said.

"Where did it go wrong? No, was it really wrong? Why did I have to make that decision? Is that really evil?"

The group was listening.

"The bottom line is that everything is a game of dice. I just threw the dice. Not knowing what numbers might come out."

The fact that the cold world chose Abel and stabbed his brother in the chest at that moment.

"Yes, chaos. We are beings of chaos."

Cain patted his head.

"Before I say I am, there is an order that moves me. There is a special signal sent to us from the top of this head. An electric spark, perhaps a priori, what we call an impulse... ...

There is a missing link.

"In the end, humans are just puppets of signals coming down from afar. even mind. That is, we cannot do something ourselves, and therefore we cannot change it."

It was an evil conclusion to the Veron problem.

Shirone asked.

"Does the guilt go away if you come to that conclusion?"

"... ... That's always the problem." Cain looked back at Lilith's portrait.

"Melkidoo is a world based on the methodology of evil. So far, many sinners have gathered. Although I'm stuck here, I've heard many stories. However, whether they knew it or made a momentary mistake, what the guilty human being thinks in the end is the same. I wish I didn't have to do that day... ...

Because pleasure is fleeting.

"Of course, there are people who like this place and sit down. Those kinds of people attach special phrases to make Melkidu sacred, but... ...

Cain looked at Curtis.

"Even if I don't go to prison, even if the case is expunged, it doesn't mean that what I did has gone away."

Because there is no holy ground for the devil.

Iruki said.

"I have a question. According to Shirone, Lilith was supposed to have been killed by Adam, so how did the human lineage reach this point?"

"Because I'm not dead."

Shirone said.

"Of course Lilith died, but the Mitochondrial Eve seed was still there."

miracle.

No, maybe it's a curse?

Quarreureung!

On that night of thunder and lightning, Adam visited the village to check on his family.

Heading to his wife's house first, he heard screams in the noise of the heavy rain.

" what......?"

I turned around and arrived at Abel's house, unexpectedly, and the smell of blood was strong.

When he opened the door, all he saw was Abel's corpse and Lulu, who was in shock.

"ah??????

Luluwa regained her focus and said.

"Dad."

"What happened?"

Adam is also accustomed to death as a warring Gaian, but at least not in Eden.

"Ka-Kain older brother... ...

Luluwa explained in a trembling voice.

When Adam learned the whole story, the murderous spirit of Gaia flashed terrifyingly in Adam's eyes.

"Stupid."

Adam said as he left the door.

"Don't leave here tonight. When the day dawns, then go find the brothers."

"Yes, got it."

She and Lulu nodded, but her expression cooled as soon as Adam disappeared.

"... ... What happened?"

She raised her hands and examined her body.

"why me?"

has it been released?

The moment I was shocked by Abel's death, enormous memories rushed in as if my brain opened.

'It's my memory from a long time ago. Before giving birth to Luluwa. But my life with Lulu is also left in my mind.'

How much he loved Abel.

Thanks to this, he was able to fool Adam, but to be honest, he doubted his own identity.

'Which one is Lulu with Lilith's memories, or Lilith with Lulu's memories?'

After thinking for a while, she got up.

"I am Eve."

There is no such thing as identity.

It was the generic term for life itself, which lives for eternity, endlessly repeating generations.

'Now what should I do?' The day dawned while I was immersed in unanswered worries, but Adam did not return.

She went to Lilith's house.

In the desolate silence, his own corpse with a broken neck lay on the ground, dripping with bodily fluids.

"haha."

The reason why her husband killed her was probably not unrelated to Cain's disappearance.

"Ahahaha! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Tears ran down her cheeks.

"it's over."

Thus, the age of the Gaians in Eden had come to an end, but Eve's life had now begun.

She crept in between her siblings.

Sometimes chastely, sometimes vigorously, he spread his descendants by acting out numerous personalities.

'Let's forget.'

No matter who Eve loves, it becomes an incestuous relationship, so it's not love, it's just a dirty desire.

'I'm going to forget everything.'

As generations passed, her offspring changed into primitive forms with only animal desires left.

'love me! more!'

Each time the taboo was broken, Ma became stronger

The daughters became the new Eve and spread throughout the world.

'Pleasure! sense! Endless desire!'

Why is Mitochondrial Eve inherited only in females?

"Grrr! sniff! sniff!"

Because all of them are Eve and... ... .

"thus."

Shirone said.

"Regardless of where it originated, all human beings born on this earth will become the children of Eve."

Iruki let out a long breath.

'Now, there have been so many mutations that even conducting an epidemiological investigation is meaningless... ...

Conceptually, Eve is the mother of mankind.

"yes. In fact, what her mother dreamed of was a brilliant and beautiful love. However, since all human beings are children, all they can do is surrender themselves to pleasure. Then we met in the end. Shirone, you."

Everyone turned to Shirone.

"Hexa, you have no cause. It means that you are the only one in humanity who is not Eve's child. It's contradictory like a virgin giving birth to a child, but it's also a signal and proof sent by a god with a heart to this world. You are special to my mother."

"So Uorin... ...

The group realized

Why is the Empress of Kashan obsessed with Shirone, and why is Shirone avoiding her?

Sex Brain, said Adam.

"It's still the same, those eyes."

While Kido did not let go of his tension, Uorin fired at him with a ferocious expression.

"Don't treat me badly."

It faded from its primitive form, but as it evolved into humanity, memories from Eden were revived.

"You killed me. He said he saw me with a broken neck. With what kind of face did you appear in front of me? no."

Uorin built arsenic.

"Actually, I don't even have a face. What is the reason for living in such a pitiful way? With such a hideous appearance."

Adam looked back at Kido.

"Is that goblin your lover now? Even now, tastes do not change."

Uorin bared her teeth.

I am confident that I will not lose to anyone in the world, but the relationship between the couple was not easy.

"Don't talk nonsense. I'm not the me you knew Do you know how many generations I have gone through?"

"Of course you know. Because I became like this and came back with you through the history of mankind."

Adam gave up his body.

If Lilith lived a new life with Eve's abilities, he imitated humans as an illusion.

They experienced the history of Eve as countless human beings, including men and women of all ages, politicians, doctors, and beggars.

"Why'?"

Wu Lin asked.

"Why? Like me, you were disgusting. What do you care about what I do?"

"To take responsibility."

When he left Eden, he was about to die.

"Lilith, you have done something irresponsible. That must be the evil you created. But I also couldn't be free from that responsibility."

Adam held out his hand.

"Come with me. The end of the world we made is coming. Shouldn't we do something for humanity at least once'?"

"no."

"If it's because of Shirone, give up. he doesn't come to you Because I know what you did."

"Hong, it doesn't matter. What do you think I've endured through these long, tedious years? Rather than using this body and abilities perfected over countless generations for you... ...

Uorin hugged Kido's arm.

"I'd rather dedicate it to this goblin. This is your final warning. Don't appear in front of me again."

"You have clear eyes."

Adam looked back at Kido.

"Don't love the release. That woman will suck everything out of you. She will dry up forever."

"shut up."

Kido held out the window.

"I don't care what my ex-husband is. Because I love you. of course... ... I am a goblin."

The reason why she insisted on adding the second word was proof that she was conscious of her ex-husband.

'Damn it! It can't be helped!'

Because he was a man who had already won her heart a long time ago, which he could never have.

Adam laughed.

"Do you have the courage to say that even now when you see me? nice do not worry. Lilith won't care one bit whether you're a goblin or not."

"what?"

Kiddo didn't understand.

"you... ...

Without avoiding Uorin's gaze, which was full of death, Adam took a step back.

"Lilith, if you can't live for humanity, leave with that goblin. The moment your entire history falls into the hands of Havitz, you commit another sin." Even though he hated Adam, he knew the importance of words.

Gaia's body disappeared and his gray matter brain floated and disappeared into the darkness.

"Whoa."

Kido, relaxed, put his hand on Uorin's shoulder.

"It's fine?"

"Don't touch me."

At the cold voice, Kido, who was lost in thought for a moment, slowly withdrew his hand and stepped back.

"sorry."

Uorin was more offended by that.

"I don't know what you're thinking, but don't pay attention to what Adam says. I have absolutely no intention of doing anything with the goblins."

Kido nodded.

"Know."

Thirst surged again, but he accepted the huge lack with his whole body.

'I love you. At least... ... You don't push away what I love.'

I don't know Kido.

That his savagery and intellect reminded Uorin of a past he wanted to forget.

But also guessing.

'There must have been a lot. I must have done something I didn't want anyone to know about. It's okay though.'

To Kido, Uorin was still the most beautiful and noble empress of Kashan in the world.

"Kid too."

And the man the Empress loved...

"Take me to Shirone."

A human who shines so brightly that he, a monster, would not even dare to compete.

"yes."

Kido answered in a hushed voice and smiled.

"Let's go, Shirone."

Missing Link(4)

sanctuary.

The ladies-in-waiting who were walking down the corridors of the Delta Head Office turned pale when they saw a man.

"Kyaaak!"

Satan, Havitz, who is now frightened at the mere mention of his name, was sitting with his back against the wall.

He gave up the 9 o'clock time killing game.

'It doesn't matter now.'

It was that level of despondency that Shirone blocked the Wizard's way at the 8 o'clock time.

It's like a parent suddenly coming to a children's playground like a fairy tale and pouring cold water on it.

'Because Wizard's parent is Shirone.'

Habitz tried to listen to the wizard's heart with God's frequency, but ultimately failed.

'It's not an easy opponent, even that child.' Therefore, it is still uncertain whether the person the Wizard loves is Shirone or himself.

"Quack!"

You're talking nonsense.

'Can you not know? Of course I love Shirone. You can tell just by looking at what you do, right? I am being taken advantage of.'

but on the other hand.

'You don't know?'

Because I've never looked directly into her heart.

'Maybe you love me. Maybe he was conscious of me and was deliberately being more friendly to Shirone.'

I know it's not.

However, if I didn't think so, I thought I would kill the Wizard right now... ... .

'Why doesn't he like me?' Havitz had no choice but to admit what he wanted to do with Wizard.

"female."

Hearing the voice from the hallway, Harvitz turned his head and saw a familiar face.

"Valkan."

His face was haggard, but his eyes were still alive.

Harvits looked straight ahead again.

"what's the matter?"

"Your expression doesn't make sense. Have you ever had a broken heart?"

"... ... maybe."

Vulcan sat down beside Havitz.

"I don't think I will live long. I don't even have the strength to walk anymore. Tomorrow, I will say goodbye to you too."

"Right. bye."

Harvits sighed nonchalantly.

It wasn't that he was trying hard to treat her coldly, but it was like saying goodbye to a friend he meets and breaks up with every day.

"Cheuk, yes. How are you anyway? From what I've heard, it sounds like you have someone you like."

"... ... It's not good."

Because he was a taciturn friend, I could see how Havitz's stomach was burning.

"Why? Have you ever had a broken heart?"

"They seem interested in me and then suddenly turn cold."

Vulcan looked at Havitz gently.

"Well. you are a funny guy There are people who hate you, but no one finds you boring. If someone is bored with you... ...

Blood dripped from Vulcan's mouth.

"That is really boring. It means it's not like you."

Harvits blinked.

"You said, if you don't define anything, you'll get what you want in the end. Let's run around freely. You decided to live your life doing whatever you want."

that's chaos

"yes."

Harvits stood up.

"I'm going to kill them all. Not just one person per hour, but everyone I see."

It was because she was so conscious of the wizard that Shirone was able to dig into that gap.

Vulcan smiled.

"You are ready to defeat Yahweh."

Eh ha

flaw*

"Try hard. We will move to kill you too. It will be pretty tough."

"haha! Will it be so?"

Havitz aimed his longsword at Vulkan's neck.

The two stared at each other silently and were also smiling happily.

"Goodbye, Vulcan."

Kill everyone in sight.

As Havitz's sword drew a quick yet smooth trajectory, Vulcan's throat flew away.

Even with his head rolling on the floor, he calculated the odds of this gamble.

'Geuk, this is fun.'

Havitz will not hesitate any longer, and will become a true demon and sweep through the temple.

"Havitz."

A hoarse sound escaped from the Vulcan's throat.

"Let's sunset... ...

Leaving that voice behind, Habitz strode away from the other side of the hallway.

Didn't ask.

Vulcan's will to comfort the heartbroken self even though he knew he was dying.

Was it friendship as a best friend, or was this also a high degree of calculation?

Harvitz didn't ask.

Because that was the only joy that Havitz and Gustav 4th Art shared.

"I will kill them all."

Ten minutes after he left the hallway, a cat-like gait approached Vulcan.

Natasha leaned her back against the wall and saw the body stretched out and the head further away.

Kneeling, she cradled the Vulcan's head in her arms, smiling with a tear-stained expression on her mouth.

"... ... That is unfair."

And when I look up again

"Havitz."

Her eyelidless eyes contained the deepest abyss in the world.

The temple was a mayhem.

"There have already been over 20 deaths. Habitz, it is believed to be the work of Satan."

Havitz, who killed Balkan, slaughtered humans regardless of anything.

All the guards were mobilized, and the guards of each country were on the alert.

"yes?"

No one remembered Harvits.

"But why are we so busy? Who are you all gathering to stop?"

he didn't know

He knew that Harvitz was approaching him as he cut the throats of his comrades one by one.

"Strange. what the hell... ... The guard whose heart was pierced vomited blood.

said.

"Are you waking up?" As one person died every minute, the heads of the five departments of the temple held an emergency meeting.

"Havitz is running out of control."

"What is Yahweh doing? Hasn't he located Harvits by now?"

It takes time for Ultima to recharge because I have already activated Elikia in the Ivory Tower.

said Dorothy of the military department.

"Now we are aware of Havitz, but we don't know when another vanishing will occur."

"Why did you unlock your powers?" Mito Cyrano of the International Court of Justice said

"It may have the meaning of ridicule, but more than that, I think it stimulates our fear. To die without knowing it is actually not a good feeling."

"Now is not the time to talk like everyone else. If something is not done, the vote will go unnoticed."

The chairman was on Geese's side, so he tried to get the vote going.

Constantine from the Ministry of Religion was the first to speak.

"How long will you depend on Yahweh?"

"The Pope."

"The root cause of this situation is because of Yahweh. He provokes Satan in the name of saving mankind, and he is unable to come up with a solution."

he got up

"I will no longer stand by the sidelines of Lamigyo."

"Is there a way?"

"Come in."

As soon as the pope's words fell, the Paladins of the Anti-Magic Division of the Lamic Church attacked again.

'Now he comes and goes like his own house.' Legally, it could be a problem, but no one raised an objection to the situation in which Havitz ran amok.

"Yahweh pretends to be a god and misleads people. But God is not convinced. He himself is omniscient and omnipotent, so from now on I will prove that I am a god."

Cyrano winked as a dazzling light spread from Constantine's body.

'It's definitely a holy energy. Quite a few demons won't even be able to dig a bone into it. But... ...

She did not underestimate Yahweh's power.

'I don't know what kind of ability it is, but once an hour, that Yahweh also destroyed Havitz's banishing.' What is the Pope thinking?

It was then.

"It's a big deal!"

When an aide in charge of an executive role came in with a pale face, the chairman was annoyed.

"What a fuss! You know where this is!"

"Bar, outside... ...

"Outside. Are you talking about the protesters?"

"Not at that level."

The aide thought for a while whether to say this, but finally opened his mouth.

"It's a riot."

It was past 9:00 p.m., but the number of protesters in front of the Delta headquarters increased even more.

Opponents and supporters raised their voices with a gap that seemed never to close.

"Impeach Geese! Clarify the truth!"

"The King of Jive as the representative of the holy war! Let us make Jive a world leader!"

At that moment, a new flow began to flow through the two factions.

"My God Krea! Bend over us!"

The Anti-Magic Department, which had left to investigate the pyramids, was on its way back shouting prayers.

Their expressions were pious, but their eyes were weak, as if their souls had been lost.

'Kill Maya.'

The procession of people advancing with only that mission carried the people as they were.

"What is this? Even if it's a Lamy religion, driving out protesters like this... ...

The words didn't last long.

"Oh God."

The eyes of the people near the Anti-Magic Department all at once lost their focus and turned in the same direction.

"Save us."

The propagation speed of human beings was so fast that all the protesters lost their minds in an instant.

There was only one will in their hearts that achieved the unity of the law.

'Kill Maya.'

It was God's will.

With 30 minutes left until the finale, thousands of people began to pour into the Delta.

"damn! Why are those guys like that? As if hypnotized!"

The main gate guard commanded.

"Stop! Do not approach within a 100 meter radius! Killing is permitted!"

He didn't even feel the shame of killing civilians in front of a procession that rushed like an organism.

"rush!"

Troops clashed with protesters.

"... ... Oh God."

Soon, he became a person who lost his mind and turned back to the delta they had run to.

The captain of the guard realized the seriousness of the situation.

"Report to superiors."

"Yes!"

It didn't look like it would be particularly sharp, but it was the best he could do.

"Keugh!"

The commander of the guard retreated his troops according to the speed of the slow-moving crowd.

'I can't fight. The moment you reach there... ...

Death, that's what it felt like.

"God commands."

The anti-magic department at the forefront of controlling the people raised the sacred sword and raised its voice.

"Go forward!"

"Oohhhh!" As the people rushed in with great shouts, the guards chief aimed his spear and closed his eyes tightly.

"Damn it!"

At that moment, dark-skinned warriors passed the guards at Delta's headquarters.

It was southern, tribal confederation.

"Everyone keep your heart! It is to follow the will of Yahweh!"

When they collided with the Anti-Magic Club, a situation worthy of being called a battle developed for the first time.

The guard's eyes widened.

'Uh, how?'

Can his subordinates with strong convictions overcome the sudden change?

"Back off."

Ntara, the chieftain of the south, approached with the royal guards.

" Majesty."

Ntara shook her hand.

"I am not the kind of person to be like that. I don't even want to Get his men back in the barracks. We'll take care of this."

"I can't! Breaking through this door is like dying for me."

"You couldn't even die?" I knew instinctively what it felt like.

"Listen to me. They're here because they need something here. If we waste our energy here, it could be taken away at the crucial moment."

"You mean stealing? Who the hell would do such a thing?"

" god."

The guard's expression darkened.

"A god with a mind and a god with a mind. And two beliefs following one of them. Got it? From now on, the battle that takes place here is not just a war."

Euntara spat out.

"It is a temple."

Definition of Love (1)

Geese opened his eyes wide.

"Ouch!"

The two arms of Fleur holding Gis moved like a machine by the power of the algorithm.

aww

His head turned completely, and Geese's gaze was fixed on the guard outside the bed.

'??????Why?'

The 1.5th generation of mankind, highly political and intelligent enough to be used even by angels.

said Fleur.

"not there yet."

However, it was ultimately for greater pleasure that promoted the development of reason.

Instinct still prevailed.

Geese pursed his lips as if he was trying to say something and wiggled his fingertips feebly.

However, in the end, he stopped breathing, and at the same time, the kidneys drew their swords and charged.

'As expected, it's fast.'

As the strongest swordsman group in Jive, neither conflict nor confusion was noticed.

It's something to think about after killing the flue.

'It's over.'

In the face of their tremendous reaction speed, she realized that the mind and the body are far apart.

By the time the algorithm was just starting to activate, the blade was already very close.

And... ... .

Something beyond everyone's awareness began cutting through the kidneys from the front.

Fleur blinked.

'What is it?'

this discomfort.

And the moment the longsword flew toward her throat, she suddenly realized.

'This, that's it! it!'

An existence that cannot be accurately defined, but has never been forgotten since entering the temple.

That thread of cognition triggered the algorithm, which ultimately saved Flew's life.

"Huh!"

When the body, which received instructions from the brain, bent in an unexpected direction, the muscles screamed.

"Hoo?"

Harvitz released vanishing.

"Are you alive?"

Flew knelt down on one knee, clutching his sore side.

'I have to run away.'

I lived with Xinjiang's attack, but I wouldn't even be able to activate it from the second burnishing.

"It's unusual."

Habitz activated God's frequency.

"pass."

"what?"

"Keep it alive for a while. I'm in the middle of laying the plate right now."

The main game was after Urin acquired the ability to search history.

"More than that... ...

Havitz climbed over the corpses and headed for the window.

"What is that again?"

In front of Delta's main office, warriors and paladins from the south were fighting fiercely.

'Kill Maya?'

That's the only thing that can be captured by God's frequency.

"haha."

Flew trembled even in the midst of vigilance as life suddenly bloomed in Harvitz.

"It will be fun."

the window opens

Flew forgot Havits again.

Pyramid of Truth.

The ruins of an ultra-ancient civilization in the kingdom of Paras were emitting a strong magnetic field.

The concept of astronomy engraved on the inner wall was destroying time and space and overlapping numerous events.

"Keugh!"

Amy's brother, Ares's eyes were glowing as if they were on fire.

"Damn it... ... Heung-an's self-image memories endlessly look back, but the wave of phosphorus was strong.

'no.'

regret and regret.

'I had no choice but to do that.'

The causes of those regrets and lingering feelings were coming through Ares' senses.

'If it was then... ...

The future can be changed in human waves.

"Big!"

However, Ares kept his will until the end and destroyed all the families.

"It is life."

It's all about taking full responsibility for yourself.

'The moment I deny that, the moment I can't take responsibility for myself, there is no life for humans.'

It is no different from the direct passage of planets, the fall of water droplets, or the wind blowing from one side to another.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Ares grabbed his head.

"Leave me alone!"

why wouldn't you want to change?

If I knew it would be like this, if I knew there would be a better life, I would have been willing to do it.

"What are you saying!"

At the same time Ares screamed, a wave of phosphorus hit like a gale at the end of the passage.

"Uh uh uh... ...

His eyes rolled upwards, and finally, the blinking of his red eyes began to slow.

'it's over.'

Rather than the fear of becoming an object, the joy of having the whole future exist for him came first.

"Hehehe."

To be honest, it was a wonderful experience. The things that upset his parents, the first love he couldn't confess due to lack of courage in his school days, and the loss of a precious colleague due to his mistake in judgment while exploring... ... .

'I can change it as much as I want.'

Trapped in a world where no lingering feelings or regrets exist, Ares shed tears.

You know.

'I can't escape this place.'

It is impossible to live in the world as a blind person who cannot see even one second ahead.

like that... ... when you lose your mind

"Erga."

The screams of the dead, which seemed to be heard faintly from afar, pierced Ares' eardrums.

"Huh!"

At the same time, a thunderbolt struck him.

"Aaaaaaa!"

Even in the pain of burning his body, Ares intuited that it was not a fatal wound.

He looked up at the woman in front of him, hugging his still convulsive body.

"Zulu." With her black nipples removed, her pitiful, indifferent face stared into the darkness.

"If it was a little late, it would have been irreversible."

"Sheesh! who is what?"

Ares, regaining some strength, looked at the lich floating behind Zulu.

"Are you okay?"

"what?"

Zulu was still indifferent, but Ares, who had personally experienced the phosphorus wave, was suspicious.

"This pyramid is bizarre. It violates people's minds. It is to immerse all history from the moment of birth until now into the realm of infinite time and space."

Zulu was silent.

"Then why isn't Mr. Zulu okay? Is there a way to avoid the phosphorus wave?"

"no. There is no such thing. Because the same thing is happening to me as well as you. Even at this moment... ... There are countless futures unfolding before me."

"then... ...

Zulu turned and said.

"I have no affection." Although he couldn't understand exactly, Ares realized the moment he saw Zulu's pupils.

'This person could be... ... It's already a seal.'

I didn't feel anything.

Zulu said.

"I don't know any regrets, regrets, remorse, thoughts of wanting to change the future, or longing for the past. I must have already died when I killed Erga."

"It is not so."

Her words were sad, so I denied it at first, but it wasn't that there was no psychological basis at all.

"Mr. Zulu fought for humanity. Even now, I came here to help Shirone. I don't think there is anything left of such a person."

"It doesn't mean there are no feelings. It also means no thoughts. But the essence of it all is love. As you say... ... Humans are also moving, so are they alive?"

"That, that... ...

"The basis of life is love. Because at least I am alive because I love myself. If you raise that philosophy to the entire universe, you will become Yahweh."

"Is that why you are helping Shirone?"

"no."

Zulu shook her head.

"I have no affection for anything. myself too. If you love someone, that person has life. will stay in your memory forever On the contrary, if you can't remember the countless people you've met so far, no matter how hard you try, they're dead."

The time that has passed is stored in memory.

Whether it actually existed or not, we are just building memories.

Ares thought.

'Is it like that?'

Losing one's heart in human waves is probably because affection disappears in any life.

Suddenly, Zulu lifted her top to just below her chest.

"Ugh!"

Ares, who tried to turn his head in embarrassment, found a creature attached to Zulu's belly.

"what is that?"

"Sturgeon Amoros. He is my summoner." It was a multi-layered creature with a long snake-like tail wrapped around Zulu's waist.

The location of the creature's head was determined by the blood flowing from Zulu's navel.

"What are you doing?"

"Amoros injects poison into the organs of creatures. In the process of making the poison, an unusual chemical substance comes out. I'll give it to you. Drink it. I'll be able to hold out for a while."

"But then Mr. Zulu... ...

"It's okay, I'm used to it. Amoros only lives inside the pyramid, so it's impossible to summon it from outside. What a strange thing. This creature hasn't evolved in a very long time. Perhaps from the time of the ancient pyramids until now."

Zulu grabs Amoros by the tail and pulls him away, revealing a much longer torso than expected.

"Ugh!"

Zulu put his thumb down Amoros's snout and tipped it into the other hand as if he were pouring tea.

Light green slime began to drip.

"ruler."

I would eat it once it was said to be good, but it didn't look good.

"Hey, how... ...

"Lick it with your tongue."

"Ah yes."

The moment I ate it, I felt the toxin so much that my nose felt cold, but my mind began to calm down soon.

"Oh, what is this?"

Her red eyes flashed as she analyzed the changes in her body.

'tremendous. I can't even analyze the ingredients, but this is a revolution. But how... ... ?'

Zulu said.

"A long time ago, the ruins of this super-ancient civilization would not have been so unknown. A lot of people have visited this place, and they must have understood something and left."

The numerous replicas of the pyramids built in the kingdom of Paras were proof of that.

"It is assumed that Amoros was a species that inhabited the pyramids at the time. It must have been that he was equipped with this ability in an environment where the human wave or the law changes. No evolution since then...

It must mean that we have adapted to the changes of time and space.

"let's go. Amoros' bodily fluids must be fed to others as well. You won't get much."

Zulu's face was pale.

"Next time, stick Amoros on me. Perhaps in ancient times, certain sacrifices were made to obtain this liquid."

Zulu shook her head.

"I have tried, but to no avail. Growing up in the pyramids gave me an ancient constitution. Only I can handle Amoros."

Ares couldn't understand.

"Why do you do this? It is a beetle that kills life no matter how much its constitution changes. You won't be able to stand it."

"... ... I guess so."

Zulu readily admitted.

"It's fine. 'Cause I don't remember myself It doesn't matter what happens."

"Where is that word!"

It was believed that the act of sacrificing one's body to save others, with or without affection, was altruistic.

"Come here. I will start with treatment first." After rummaging through his bag, Ares applied medicine to his Zulu's belly and bandaged his narrow waist.

"I stopped the bleeding, so don't overdo it for a while."

"yes."

Zulu, who had been waiting without any special inspiration, turned around and headed for darkness.

Ares called.

"Wait."

And just as Zulu turned around, he suddenly approached and kissed her on the mouth.

'Don't make a mistake twice.'

What I learned from the phosphorus wave is that it is better to do it than to hesitate.

But Zulu stood like a doll, not even breathing.

Ares, who had a tantrum, held out for a few more seconds, but in the end, his face couldn't stand it and he retreated.

Zulu said.

"let's go."

"Hey, I just kissed you. A slap in the face, or shouldn't there be something to say?"

"I don't remember."

Because her heart is empty.

Ares watched with sad eyes as Zulu disappeared into the darkness.

Definition of Love (2)

"Majesty."

Areon's corpse has arrived in Micas Kingdom.

The prince's arms and legs, Fisk, were nowhere to be seen, and only the body of his cold son returned.

"Huh?"???

Delkido, the king of Mikas who rose from the throne, struggled to move his weak legs.

"uh?"

When Areon's pale face was revealed, the servants sat down and the maid's cries were heard.

The brothers were calm.

'You've always been arrogant. It turns out like this in the end.'

There is no way to know what they are thinking, but the father's feelings after witnessing the death of his eldest son were different.

"Uh uh uh uh... ...

In the end, Delkido, who forgot the king's body language and knelt down, hugged Areon's corpse and raised his head.





"Oooh!"

Was it a bitter cry?

"Oooh!"

Or was it extreme anger against someone who stabbed the vital point of Micas Kingdom?

"Catch it."

Delkido's face contorted like a demon.

"Catch them all."

Everyone in the Grand Hall bowed their heads in unison and shouted in unison.

"Yes!"

The kingdom began to move.

Shirone, who was dreaming of Yorahan, had an intuition even though she was unconscious.

What I wanted to convey through a person's whole life was for this moment.

'The first yora.'

The one who realized love in the original sin of eating and breeding.

And with that one definition, the end of the person who became the god of Yogurism in a human body... ... .

'I have to watch.'

this is the story.

"Armand!"

It is the story of a tragic love between a man and a woman, which had to be erased from Omega's records.

"Yorahan!"

As the armed forces galloped through the burning woods, the two held out their hands to each other.

"Hey! What!"

However, as the Micas cavalry split into two, their eyes gradually drifted apart.

'damn!'

King Delkido sent all of Micas' forces to catch the man who killed his son.

It is unknown whether she loved her son so deeply that she even gave up on the war of conquest.

Perhaps so, but his maniacal obsession with revenge showed the damaged pride of the emperor.

After being tied up and thrown into a mobile prison, Yorahhan crawled out with her chest and looked outside.

The Hwajok base, which had already been moved several times, was turning into ashes again.

' why... ...

Are humans obsessive about this?

The King of Mikas inflicted all imaginable pain on Jorahhan and the Hwajok party.

Johann was placed in solitary confinement.

With all the tendons in his limbs severed, he had to hear screams from outside every day.

"Why... ... ?"

Tears flowed.

'How can you be so cruel? How could he do such a terrible thing to another being?'

Of course, pulling out other people's nails doesn't mean your own nails will hurt... ... .

Can you also imagine?

'You can't know the truth of others. That's why human beings are trapped in the existence of only me... ...

You can only promote yourself.

While imprisoned, Yorahhan thought about the selfishness of being a me.

'me. love escapes me... ... I gave up on the idea of ??changing the world, but I couldn't change it anymore, but it was the only thing I could do when the tendons in my limbs were severed.

Then one day, the door to the solitary cell opened and the king of Mikas appeared after a long time.

"A poisonous fellow."

Delkido's skinny eyes were glistening with muddy madness.

"Are you still not crazy after hearing the fire tribe being beaten? Well, it's fine with me anyway."

He pulled the whip tight.

"Do you know why I, who cut off your limbs, left your eyes, ears, and mouth? It means to cry miserably in despair that no one can save. Feel even a ten thousandth of my heart." A scream erupted from the hallway.

There was no expectation that everyone would be safe, and I just wanted to die comfortably.

"Isn't this enough for one man's revenge? Your son also killed the fire people."

"Aaaaaaa!"

Delkido swung the whip

"How dare someone like you evaluate my son? He was a country's prince! It's nothing compared to the lives of the Hwajok!"

It was impossible to stop or avoid it, but Yorahhan looked straight into his eyes.

"There is no status announcement in life. Your heart and loved ones who have lost a loved one will be the same. How is it that their hearts do not think?"

"why me!"

Delkido threw away the whip and kicked Jorahhan.

"My son is dead! What's the use of that! My son is dead! my son!"

me, me, me

After all, can humans not get out of there?

When there was no response from Yorahan, Delkido breathed heavily and stared at it for a while.

"red."

I would do anything to bring this abomination to despair.

"I will remain calm until the end. The couple are the same. OK, I'll show you myself."

When Delkido gave the order, a cart carrying a large potted plant entered the solitary cell.

"uh... ...

Johann's expression went blank.

What was planted in the pot was not a flower, but a flower family, Armand, which he loved the most.

"How is it, do you like it? Did you say bonsai? I cut things off and stiffened my joints so I couldn't move. It is the most beautiful flower in the world."

You treat people like plants.

"Jorahhan."

When Armand saw her husband's face, a happy smile appeared on her lips, but soon it turned into sad eyes.

'I can't believe my body hurts like that.'

We could know each other's hearts just by looking at each other without having to do small world creation.

Johann asked.

" It's fine?"

"yes."

Armand nodded vigorously.

The only way to defeat Delkido was to actively seek death.

"But I'm getting tired of it."

Delkido took out the huge pruning shears from the side of the cart.

"I need to change something."

Before Jorahhan could even open her mouth, Delkido cut the human body with scissors.

"how? Isn't it cool?"

Jorahhan, unable to do anything, had a fundamental question.

'Where did it go wrong?' If he hadn't killed Areon, wouldn't this tragedy have happened to the fire people?

'it's not like that. I'm protecting my family It was unavoidable then.'

Again... ... is it me

'It's a fate that even I can't abandon myself. But nothing changes in this way. In order to break the cycle of endless pain... ...

At that moment, as Yo Ra-han's thoughts expanded at the speed of light, he escaped from me and embraced the entire human race.

"iced coffee."

Tears flowed down Yorahhan's cheeks.

'I see.'

Love is... ... .

"Huh! Whoa!"

Hearing Yorahhan crying, Delkido turned around with a mean laugh.

"haha! how is it? Now, even if it's just a little bit of gold in my heart... ...

The king was stiff.

It was because the corner of Yo Rahan's mouth, who was crying with a frown on his face, was raised.

"Are you crazy?"

"Armand."

said Johann.

"Forgive me."

Armand opened his eyes wide with a surprised look, and Delkido questioned again, doubting his ears.

"??????what?"

"Forgive everything, the world. it ends here U.S... ... I'm going to finish it."

Armand, who had been savoring Yorahhan's words for a while, said with a sad smile.

"I see."

It's finally ready.

"What crazy talk!"

In displeasure, Delkido whipped the whip, but his chin trembled.

'What are you afraid of? Within

go?'

It was because Yorahhan's expression, his evil instinct, foretold something to come.

"haha."

Johann laughed.

"Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Delkido backed away because his laugh was too refreshing and refreshing to be called crazy.

"What are you? What are you going to do?"

"this??????

Jorahhan, who stopped laughing, spat out calmly.

"Is this too pretentious?"

Delkido shouted.

"Kill! Kill this guy!"

"So... ...

Yohann gently closed his eyes.

' really.'

With blind sincerity, without a single lie or gap.

"Let's really forgive."

When he opened his eyes again, Yo Ra-han's expression had changed to the extreme of joy that humans could not create.

Hwahwahwahwahwahwahwahwa!

It is the shape in which the facial muscles are completely twisted to burst out with the happiest smile.

"That, stop."

It was the realization of the concept of love. Hwahwahwahwahwahwahwahwa!

"Aaaaaaa!"

What was he afraid of, Delkido covered his ears and cried out on the floor.

"please! sorry! Wrong! my please... ...

At that moment, as if in shock, Delkido's back stretched out, and flashes of light emanated from his eyes, nose, and mouth.

"Ohhhh!"

Starting with him, light emanated from the eyes, noses, and mouths of the guards in the solitary confinement.

"Aaaaaa! No, no!"

is being purified.

The extreme emotion becomes a demon, but the extreme elation goes over to Dremo and becomes an ideal.

Hwahwahwahwahwahwahwahwa!

Tears of blood flowed from Yorahan's eyes as she smiled with a happy expression.

'What is love?'

The five organs were twisted, blood was pouring from the orifices throughout the body, and the intestines were cut open.

'this... ...

It is love.

It is high-intensity self-sacrifice and transcendent madness that endures while embracing everything.

"Jorahhan."

Unlike those who struggled in fear, Armand waited with a sad smile.

"hi."

Then, through Dremo, Yorahhan's feelings rushed to her as well.

A heart that forgives everything.

That feeling was possessed by all the fire tribes, and finally by the people of the Micas kingdom.

"Oooh!"

When the concentric circles of light gradually growing around the prison swallowed the entire kingdom.

"Lover!"

The drimo system is paralyzed.

"It's a big deal! I can't handle this dream. If we continue like this, all mankind 7}......

They would be united by love.

"Hmm."

Louver was also watching.

The jumbled dream world made up of all kinds of thoughts was swept away by a gigantic flash.

I had to make a choice.

"Follow me. There is no time." Louver and Mong-ah broke through the waves of light and entered Jorahhan's mind. Next to his smiling incarnation was Armand.

'Small world creation.'

Louver, who arrived at the place where two dreams merged into one, approached Yorahhan.

"You did what no human could do." Are you really forgiving?

"But stop now. If you keep going like this, everyone who approaches you will dream of you."

Armand said.

"There is only one thing left for Jorahhan. You cannot hear me."

"But you can. Because you are Yorahhan, and Yorahhan is you."

"... ... Why? If you are like God, please answer our question. Johann forgave the world. Now everyone will be living in Yorahhan's dream. No pain, no despair. Isn't that what happened?"

"But it's not everyone's life. It's the life of Jorah Han. Do you really want Johann to come?"

Armand struggled to hold back his tears.

"Why does Jorah always have to make sacrifices? Please leave this person alone. till now... ...

"All right."

Armand turned his head at Yorahhan's voice.

"you... ...

A holy light was shining from Jorahhan's face, who returned with a calm expression.

"You are right. I can't stop everyone's dreams with my dream. I will quit now."

Armand shook his head.

"no! You finally made your dream come true. If I give up even that, I... I...

In reality, her husband would have already died.

"Instead, there are conditions."

said Johann.

"If someone... ...

After thinking for a moment, he smiled.

"If there is anyone who thinks like me, tell him of my life."

It was the beginning of a dream of victory.

Definition of Love (3)

"Passing on the dream."

Louver was deep in thought.

'Systemically, it's possible. However, it goes against the manager's duty rules.'

Drimo is not exclusive to a specific race.

It was a space that processed the ideals of all dreamers, from the most basic creatures to the advanced creatures.

'Above all, Terra Force.'

Currently, they are also constantly demanding channels that can influence mankind.

'If you allow the Dream, you must also allow the Terra Force channel. Of course, both have their own good reasons... ...

Creating a precedent meant that the operation of Drimo would become a little tighter.

Mong-a bit her lip and called.

"Mr Louver."

Soon, at the point where Yorahhan's dreams fill Dremo, there is no choice.

"Okay."

Louver nodded.

"Your dreams will not be processed in Drimo, but will be manifested and handed down in the dreams of others in the future."

"thank you."

Yo Ra-han's smile was so benevolent that even Louver ended up sighing.

"Then let's save your dreams to the database. Before that, give me a name for the dream."

"name... ... Yo'?"

"You won't understand it in your time. Choosing a name is the most important thing in the universe."

At one time, even Shirone did not understand.

However, through the journey so far, I could now vaguely guess.

'Why choosing a name is important.'

Because this universe we live in is a database that God calculates and processes.

And if the name so defined is connected to Idea through a missing link.

'Only those with names transcend classification.'

To become something special among countless creatures that can affect everything in the universe.

"It's a name."

Johann thought for a moment.

"Jorahhan and Armand."

And I looked up and told Louver

all.

"I will call him Yor."

"Okay."

Whatever the reason for the name, what really matters is the life the name has to go through.

"In the future, many people will dream of you. It will be passed on endlessly through generations. Maybe it could be religion. You will become the god of the religion of Yor."

"... ... okay."

He did what he desperately wanted to do in his lifetime, but he still had a calm expression on his face.

Then Armand said.

"I have conditions too."

Louver frowned, but couldn't deny that the two were already one.

"Tell me."

"I want to keep my husband's dream. Please send it to the present room."

"But you already... ...

"There is no need for life. I'm a Hwajok. Even if it becomes an object, I can be satisfied as long as I can see Jorah Han's dream come true."

"Hmm."

Louver knew how.

'You can take it out as an object. But the government office won't allow it.

Finally, with my instructions... ...

The Drimo started shaking.

"Okay. You will become an object with a special concept and go out into reality. What do you want to be?"

"knife."

Armand did not hesitate.

"A sword would be nice."

"... ... I approve."

Jorahhan and Armand looked back at each other.

It's goodbye forever, but their hearts will connect with someone else's heart and stretch out.

"I love you."

The two kissed, and it

Finally, the incarnation of Jorahhan disappeared.

Mong-ah looked back at Louver.

" Would it be okay?"

"Because they define it."

He looked at Drimo, who had regained stability before he knew it.

"Destruction averted."

Armand regained consciousness.

'Here?'

It has no eyes, nose, or ears, but information about the space came in through the feeling of small world creation.

prison.

The king and guards of Mikas were down, and I could feel Jorahhan on the wall.

4 notes.'

The sword wobbled because she had no legs, but she soon learned how to use herself.

'Because it always resonated with the sword.'

With rated control, wealthy Armand flew to the wall where Yo Rahan died and leaned side by side.

' honey.'

Perhaps because he had forgiven everything, he had the happiest expression on his face.

'A very nice person.'

I hated humans at one time, and I can't say I like it now... ... .

'I'm glad I met you.'

I would not trade the time I loved with Jorahhan for anything.

An illusion of Armand was born around the magic sword and embraced Jorahhan's body.

'You're so kind, and you're so soft-hearted, so you always get hurt by people.'

I just wanted everyone to be happy.

'I will protect you.'

The blade of the magic sword opened like the leg of a jointed insect and swallowed Yorahhan's body.

'Become a hard shell more than anything else so that no one can hurt your heart... ...

Jorahhan wearing the armor stood up.

"I will protect you."

The Golden Armed Forces.

The voice was Yorahhan's, but it was Armand who moved his vocal chords.

"let's go."

Find the dreamer of Yorahan.

Demon of Flame.

Lethe roared at the incarnation of Jecheon Daeseong, who threw a flash from the sky.

"Kuaaa!"

Once again, Lethe's body was pierced, and hellfire from all directions flew in and repaired the hole.

"Big!"

At that point, she realized.

'I can't go.'

There was no way to get to Yahweh.

'no.'

She is also a manager, so she has no special feelings for this world.

'But I... ...

The only thing different from other managers.

'I have to protect the world behind it.'

Lethe, who had recovered her body from hell fire, poured out flames toward the ground this time.

"Whoaaaaa!"
The thick flames, which lasted about three minutes , spread several kilometers in 
concentric circles .

"Kurrrr......

When the flames disappeared, Sohn Yu-jeong stood on the ground with Yeoui at the forefront.

'strong.'

It was undoubtedly Jecheondaesung.

'I don't have time anymore.'

Thinking so, Lethe's body gradually shrunk and returned as the president of the chemical company.

Son Yoo-jung gave her a nyeoui.

"Have you given up?"

"There is no point in fighting like this. Time is running out now. We have to choose."

"what?"

"Whether or not Ultima is possible."

Son Yu-jung, who was lost in thought for a moment, aimed at Yeo-ui.

"Chief of the Demon Tribe, your evil deeds have gone too far. Come on. I don't want to get rid of a resigned opponent."

"I will not die."

Lethe smiled bitterly.

"Employees at the chemical company don't get off work. Until this world closes. But would you know? It also means the end of the real world." Richera's face clinging to Son Yoo-jung's waist shouted.

"What are you doing? Kill them quickly! Without that woman, I wouldn't have to live like this!"

"You be quiet."

After releasing the chains on her waist, Son Yu-jeong entrusted Richera to Morta Singer and approached Lette.

"Is this a threat? But I don't compromise Because my rightness will not change."

Lethe's eyes narrowed in sorrow.

"Your rightness and my wrongness, in the end, happen because someone defined them. If integration is what you guys really want, this won't help."

"I don't know the hard words. I am different from Yahweh. If you want to convince me, you will have to defeat me."

At that moment, a light came into Lethe's eyes.

Son Yu-jeong stopped approaching and was wary, but Lethe stayed that way for a long time.

'Can not help it.'

Because protecting the world where the demons live was more important than the manager's responsibility.

"I?... "

For the first time, she began to speak confidential managerial information.

"The mind program."

Son Yoo-jung was just listening.

"The universe is made up of five systems. Reality, Dremo, the underworld, the abyss, and the undercoder that connects these four systems. Except for the undercoder, everyone has more or less custodians, but only me works with quantum signals."

It is called hidden code.

"My name is Lethe of Oblivion. He is the only being who can manage the demons. As long as I don't infringe on the administrator's authority, I'm supposed to be oblivious to any crime I commit. A thousand times, ten thousand times, giving it a chance."

Just like he did to Chief Secretary Monoras.

"If it wasn't for that kind of program, the chaos of demons who don't know where to go would be recognized as an error. Therefore, unlike other managers, I can change the standard and I am designed to actively deal with chaotic situations."

Son Yoo-jung does not know difficult words.

However, my intuition is that perhaps this information is the most important problem in the universe.

'I don't know. Why is this important? If Shirone were here... ...

Would he have reacted differently than he did?

Lethe continued.

"And now, with you overpowering me, my mind program has changed. I want to protect the world where demons live. That's the same logic that Yahweh wants to protect the real world. But the universe will close at this rate."

If the perspectives of good and evil were reversed, Lethe would fight for the same reasons as Shirone.

Mortasinger said.

"Yoojung-ah, you can't believe it. She is the woman who has tricked us countless times and brought things to this point. You can lie because you can change the standard."

"yes."

Son Yu-jeong was once at the height of chaos. But also the reason why she was able to reach the incarnation of Jecheon Daeseong now...

'Because I have a heart.'

Lethe said.

"Yahweh understood both good and evil, but in the end he could not embrace evil. He dried himself up."

The cohesion of the demon is the catacombs of giyorgi

"As a manager, I am certain that I will never reach Ultima at this rate. I will help Yahweh. If you let me go, you can prevent the end of the world."

Son Yoo-jung gritted it.

"why? You hate Yahweh, don't you?"

"yes. Every manager just does his job according to his program. I also hate Yahweh. But would you know? That's why Lethe touched her chest.

"Only I can love Yahweh."

Perhaps this is the key, Son Yoo-jung accepted with an animalistic sense.

Yoojung Son asked.

"The end of the world... ... How many hours do you have left?"

"2 hours."

It was midnight, 12 o'clock in the temple.

"You have already distanced yourself from Yahweh. Considering the time I go, 10 minutes is the limit."

Lethe spread her hands.

"Decide in it. Whether to send me to Yahweh or to keep me here."

only 600 seconds.

It was an extremely short time to risk the fate of mankind, but in the end it was such a world.

Sohn Yu-jeong endlessly repeated the judgment of whether or not it was possible.

"Huh."

Her hair, which fell like a wild horse's rake, gradually turned white.

"Yoo, Yoo Jung."

Mortasinger called out anxiously, but there was nothing she could say either.

Because we can never know the truth of others.

'Should I trust Lethe?'

Son Yoo-jung shook her head.

'No, you can't trust anyone. Only I, I have to save myself.'

Suddenly, I had this thought.

The unknown truth... ... Maybe it's the most terrible thing in the world.

Definition of Love (4)

Ethella walked endlessly.

"mom mom."

The children of Limbo, who had died without being born, were now a space.

"sorry."

Because the fear Limbo feels is the same as the fear of the child in his belly.

"I'm sorry mom."

Ethella's heart was about to break.

Perhaps her body was torn to pieces, but the schema delivered endless pain.

Just as the Buddha offered himself to the ghosts, she also moved toward the end of the system.

'If you go there... ...

She, as well as the child in her belly and Limbo, disappear into the world of eternal nothingness.

'Chagall.'

he was worried

'You must understand me.'

Perhaps that is the only way Chagall can atone for the world.

"mom... ... mind... ...

One step is heavy.

Instead of moving forward, I felt as if I was carrying this space, the weight of my life.

'I can't fall down.'

The mission to purify Limbo was not broken, but it was true that it was impossible.

"Huh!"

Her knees bent before the weight of life, which she could not move on no matter how hard she tried.

'Is this enough?'

The reason this world is cruel is probably because there are things that cannot be achieved even if you give your life.

'I have to go. You have to save these children... ...

Therefore, responsibility is the heaviest burden and the most beautiful conviction for human beings.

"mom mom."

I was saying that I want to live.

"You have to stand up!"

At that moment, an auditory hallucination occurred in her mind.

?Ah, checking.

'what?'

Ethella, who had a blank expression for a moment, asked.

"who... ... See?"

- Succeeded in etheric resonance. Now... ... . Ah, Your Highness. Back off everyone.

'what's this?'

The sound of reality in Hell was eerie.

-Romi Ethella.

Following the cold, solemn voice, a woman started interpreting a moment ago.

The voices of Jingang and Anchal came almost simultaneously.

-I am Jin Kang, the emperor of the Jincheon Empire. Maybe that place is hell. where my daughter is

'Jinjiang.'

Jin Seong-eum's father.

- Not conveying anything would be considerate of you in hell. But again, out of my own selfishness, I speak cruel words.

"Your Highness, can you hear me?" Seeing that there was no meaningful response, it seemed that Etella's words were not being conveyed.

'etheric resonance:

It must have been a method of loading information into spatial waves.

- Save my daughter.

With her thoughts in order, she remained silent and listened to Jin Kang's words.

- You have developed a perm mineral that can transmit information to the space of the underworld. You are an excellent monk and wizard, so you must have guessed your principle. The problem is coordinates. In the first place, I was going to condense her energy into my daughter and blow up hell... ... .

'It's a great tenacity, this person too.' It was a sense of responsibility.

-We made the final decision to send energy to you by changing the coordinates.

Ethella nodded.

'It's possible. I'm in the process An explosion would not only save Limbo, but would also paralyze the world's purification system. so be it

noodle... ...

The karma of true voice will also disappear.

- I don't know.

After the miscellaneous explanation, Jin Kang spoke.

-What situation are you in? Of course, it will be painful, but if the energy of the pama mineral nature is condensed, even greater pain will come. Is this really the right thing to do? I would rather pray for your rest, even if it means killing my daughter... ... .

"no! no!"

Ethella shook her head.

'You can save it! I can save the true voice!'

Of course it's scary.

But in the Valley of Wailing, I saw what kind of sacrifice Jin Seong-eum made for mankind.

'You have to live. That person... ... I deserve it.'

- It's a terrible thing to inflict pain on someone you can't see or feel. In particular, to drive you, who gave your life for humanity, into pain... ... It feels like I've become a demon.

"Majesty!"

The moment Etela shouted, Jin Kang's voice trembled.

- Save me.

Ethella kept her mouth shut.

-Please spare my daughter. If I'm going to die, I'd rather go to hell... ... .

Jinjiang is willing to do it.

Parents' desire to save their children is something that cannot be achieved even if they sacrifice their lives.

'responsibility.'

You can't even die at will.

- Romi Etella, I do not know how you will react to my words now. Maybe you can curse me, maybe you can scream no way. Though that kind of imagination drives me to a more terrible place... ... .

Jin Kang took a deep breath.

- I will believe. Romi Etella is the world's greatest seeker, a man willing to make sacrifices for humanity, I would believe.

Ethella smiled and nodded.

-... ... good luck

With that, I could no longer hear my voice, and then a hot energy surged through my whole body.

'It's the beginning.'

Ethella gritted her teeth and stood up.

To maximize the efficiency of perm mineralization, it would have to burst at the deepest part of the system.

"you can do it."

I can take responsibility for this life.

'Jin Seong-eum, humanity still needs you.'

Pain surged.

"no!"

Chagall screamed.

Almost mad, he was running limbs like a dog.

"Aaaaaaa!"

As Etela's pain surged through the chains of Taegeuk, he knelt down and opened his eyes.

-Time remaining until purification... ...

It was more than half the time since I first came here, but it was still an eternity.

"Why did you do such a stupid thing! If you leave like that, if you disappear like that... ...

I mean I have to meet you

The great heartache flooded in, and again the karma was greatly purified.

Chagall suddenly realized.

"Damn it! Shit!"

The fact that this pain he is experiencing now, this sense of hopelessness, is the same as the one he gave to Etella.

'I bullied you. i so... ... he destroyed her

'Up?'

Chagall, who had wiped away tears, tore his hair.

"... ... What do we do?"

Did I really screw it up?

"What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? what to do... ...

can't be held responsible

"no!"

Denying that fact, Chagall shouted.

"Why are you doing this to me! What do you mean to me! You can just come back!"

There are things that cannot be achieved.

"kill!"

It felt like Ethella and herself would be nothing without this middle brother.

"I will kill you! I will kill you!" Chagall threw the body suffered by the demons into hell.

Dang. Dang. Dang.

At ten o'clock the temple bell rang.

The faces of the representatives and officials of each country who had already gathered at the annex theater from 30 minutes ago were spleen.

After the finale performance, the temple

Although the official event will come to an end.

'What's going on?'

The situation was so fierce and tense that it did not seem like it was over.

'The country that killed Maya becomes the world's leading country? What prophecy is this? Can I trust you?'

It was a conclusion based on the results of analyzing the information Fermi delivered to each country.

the albino murmured.

"It's going to rain again."

Rufist asked.

"Is it really so? The source is Apocalypse, but it may have been fabricated."

"Fermi doesn't tell half-baked lies. Because lies give birth to lies, and eventually self-destruct. The reason he is strong is because he is armed with logic."

Albino recited the records of Apocalypse.

"At the end of the temple, two women sing. Her applause falls on her Maya, and her Iron's army kills her. Iron becomes a world leader."

"It's not Jive, it's Iron."

Rufist checked the seat.

"There is no gas."

"It would mean that the flue was successful. It seems that other countries are not greatly agitated. Anyway, things are going according to Fermi's information."

"But what does killing Maya have to do with the World Map?"

"I don't know. It feels like Apocalypse's information only recorded the results of key events in chronological order. like... ... It feels like there are fewer machines than people'?"

Only man needs a cause.

"Anyway, I have my doubts. Will Maya die? Don't the artists know?"

"Yes. It is confidential."

"What about us?"

"First... ... I have prepared it."

If the information is true, the country that kills Maya should be Tormia.

"Ogent rye?"

"Nope. Among the towing family is a pianist named Raina. It's something she can't commit to."

"I guess so."

"It will be difficult to implement anyway. If Fermi knows, it means Shirone knows too."

"I didn't see it."

When Shirone was nowhere to be seen, the albino twisted his beard.

'What the hell are these tricks?' It can be assumed that the reason Fermi disclosed the information was because security was breached.

'Maybe it's Iron. Otherwise, there is no reason to significantly reduce the value of information.'

Whether the following is true.

'The timeline fits. Something that left an hour gap in Harvits' killing game. Geese's death... ... :

So, will Maya die?

'Shirone is not coming. Is it really false information? no, this is true I'm just missing something:

The albino's expression hardened.

"Shouldn't I be thinking the other way around?"

"Yes?"

"Isn't it not that we are going to kill Maya, but that we have no choice but to kill Maya?"

Rufist blinked.

"This is an information update trap. Human thinking proceeds from cause to effect. If you kill Maya, you become the world map country. But from God's point of view, it's rather the opposite. It doesn't matter who the world map country is. The important thing is that Maya die."

"But how is that possible? What will happen to us to kill Maya?"

"It will be at that point."

The albino stared at the door of the annex.

"Shirone."

The entrance to the Delta Headquarters was a mess due to clashes between protesters, the anti-horse department, and southern warriors.

"Hmm."

Ntara felt that the balance of power, which had the upper hand, suddenly tilted.

'Something is familiar.'

The feeling of something roaming among the warriors being decapitated for no reason.

'And it's getting closer.'

Havitz, eyes glistening with life, killed the warriors and headed towards Ntara.

"leaving out. leaving out. leaving out."

The wave of phosphorus also affected him, but no special change occurred.

"Fun."

Anyway, there was chaos in his mind.

"It ends here too."

Havitz, who arrived in front of Ntara, did not move with his long sword held up.

If the South falls, the protesters will enter the Delta headquarters and take over the world.

Irrespective of the situation, Havitz slowly stepped back while unbanishing.

"I finally see you."

"Sigh."

Surprised, Ntara held her breath, but Havits' eyes were already elsewhere.

"Yahweh."

"You saved your life, Satan."

The appearance of Shirone, tinged with the light of Elicia, pushed the scene of the death toll into the background.

EXO Universe(1)

While waiting for the official ceremony at the Delta Annex, the temple operations team came in first.

"sorry."

The face of the operation team leader was flushed.

"I think the event will be delayed by about 10 minutes. Currently, the annex has been converted to a Level 2 alert area and... ...

Leaders of each country who had heard this far acquired information more quickly through direct channels.

Dante's subordinates also approached from Tormia.

"President of the association."

"what's the matter?"

"A skirmish broke out at the main entrance of Delta Headquarters. The target is the warriors of the south and the Anti-Magic Department of Lamie."

Rufist asked.

"Nambang and Lamigyo?"

"Yes. that is... ...

The albino stopped talking.

"They are from the pyramid side. Did you come to the temple after all? When does it start?"

"The time of the engagement is 9:45. Also, Yahweh and Satan have joined the battlefield."

'Were you there?'

It is clear that it is currently the hottest place in the temple, but there is something that has not yet been explained.

"I think you'd better avoid it." The informant lowered his voice.

"According to intelligence, something is a little strange. I heard that the moment you come into contact with the people coming from the pyramid, you lose your will and join the crowd as if hypnotized."

Rufist said.

"Personal wave. If all of them are Oparts, it means that the sphere of influence of the magnetic field can also be moved."

"Yes. Currently, the annex is designated as a Level 2 boundary area and is not accessible. We have taken measures to allow up to two people, including heads of state, to leave the temple secretary's office."

Nobody moved.

'If the future information is true, the World Map Bureau may be decided here. Even if it's not, the vote is tomorrow morning. If the king runs away, his cause is lost.'

Only the secretaries from each country were busy talking, and the annex was chilly and quiet.

Rufist asked.

"How dangerous is it? What is the probability that the Pyramid's crowd will break through the headquarters and reach the annex?"

Dante would have analyzed it.

"Fifty percent. It depends on what judgment Yahweh and Havitz make."

'Fifty percent.'

It was the most human and meaningless number.

"No, 100 percent."

said the albino.

"It's all sorted out now. Why did Fermi provide future information to countries? What he feared was not that the Kingdom of Iron would become the world's leader. I was afraid of a future where Maya might not die." the informant asked.

"What does that mean? So you're saying that Kessia also wants Maya to die?"

"No, not exactly... ...

The albino looked back at the empty seat of King Kessia.

"It must be what God wants."

Lufist's eyes sparkled.

"It's a human wave. If the reason they flock to the temple is to kill Maya... ...

"yes. Shirone won't be able to stop it. And we will also be swept away by the wave of phosphorus and kill Maya. Most of this place will lose their minds."

"But I don't quite understand. Why does Fermi obey God's will? There has never been an intelligence report that Kessia had contacts with the Kingdom of Paras."

"Hehe. Hehehe."

The albino laughed like someone with itchy lungs.

"I know what you are going to do." The laughter stopped.

"Fermi doesn't want to change the future. Information entropy must always be zero."

"What does that mean in this situation?"

"I know the future."

The albino raised his index finger.

"The pitfall of updating information. Living without knowing the future, and knowing the future but not making any changes. It looks the same at first glance, but the quality of the information is completely different."

"Because you can choose."

"yes. That's the power of information. For example, there is a trap on the road. I fell into a trap without knowing it. And again, this time assume you know the trap. And yet I fell into a trap again."

"The result is the same. But is it really the same? No one would think so. Because I chose the latter. Fermi doesn't want to change the future. If I had known the trap and had gone the other way... ...

"It's an unknown world again."

"yes. Another pitfall may arise. No, the option to leave it is forfeited. The more entropy increases, the narrower the range that can be controlled."

The albino twisted his beard.

"The core of this design will be Shirone. Because it is the subject that changes the world, information must be blocked. This must be the identity of the sense of incongruity felt in Shirone and Fermi's actions."

Rufist faced the front.

"What are you waiting for? Protecting the future so that the world can reach this point...

Because it means something much more terrible will happen in the future.

"You are bold."

Lufist nodded.

"Yes. But it would be impossible."

"That's something I don't know. A liar who only tells the truth. I wondered what the hell he was doing... ...

Looking up at the ceiling, the albino tore his mouth.

"Are you going to cheat God?"

King Fermi of Kessia did not go to the annex and found Seriel's room.

The good thing about being together was the same with Seriel, but I was worried as well.

"Can I really not go? It's an important position."

"It won't be fun."

Seriel, who was leaning on Fermi's shoulder, straightened her upper body.

"What kind of weird things are you up to? Looking at your expression, I'm sure

uh." Seriel hesitated at Fermi's coy gaze.

"What, what?"

"Us... ... Shall we get married?"

"Do you even say that in a situation like this? It seems smart, but sometimes it's weird."

He coldly refused the proposal, but in fact, it was because he suddenly felt afraid.

Seriel asked softly again.

"Why are you doing that? Could something bad happen to you? huh? So let's get married... ...

"Haha, this is why competent people are tired. no other meaning I just thought of you when I saw you."

"no. You will never be that kind of person." Fermi was genuinely hurt.

"Tell me clearly. Then I won't ask anything else. Are you, are you okay? right?"

"How am I supposed to know that? You could hit your foot on the corner of the desk right now."

"Don't talk back."

"I'm not talking about it, this is a battlefield. What will happen if you do this and that... ... Ugh!"

Seriel, who knocked Fermi to the bed, climbed onto his back.

"Ouch! it hurts......

Tears welled up in her eyes.

"say."

Contemplating, he opened his mouth.

"... ... Apocalypse's information doesn't say that I'm particularly wrong."

"In addition! Don't try to fool me with the truth! I'm not wrong, I'll be by Seriel's side even after this war, just say this!"

Because Fermi doesn't lie.

"Look! Also, you... ...

"I."

The words continued over and over again.

"It won't go wrong. I will definitely be by your side even after this war is over."

Seriel whimpered and added.

"... ... alive."

"Ha ha, yes. alive."

Only then did she relax and fell on Fermi's chest.

"You keep talking nonsense. If you say that one more time, I will kill you."

did you hate it that much?

"sorry."

Fermi looked out the window.

"... ... it's raining."

"What are you talking about? The moment Seriel asked why it was raining all of a sudden with a puzzled expression, he heard the sound of rain like a rainy season.

'Mother, knowing the future is difficult.'

Fermi thought.

I hope even this sound of rain I hear now is a lie.

The violent noise at the main gate of Delta seemed to be buried underground by the sudden rain.

Shirone and Havitz, who were soaked in an instant, did not take their eyes off each other.

Shirone asked.

"Why didn't you run away?"

According to the law of the beginning of birth, Satan can escape from Yahweh forever.

"You?"

Havitz's gaze was also cold.

"Why didn't you kill me?"

If he had only intended to destroy the vanishing, Satan would have cut Euntara intact.

"Should I guess?"

Harvits said, closing one eye.

"Because once an hour is the only opportunity given to you. If I dodge your attack, then it's over."

"Can I avoid it?" "Don't say anything. I know why a coward like you struggles to hold on."

There are now less than two hours left for the final confrontation between truth and lies to end.

'In the meantime, one fact must be proved

do.'

The proposition Harvitz proposed was to kill Urin or kill Shirone by midnight.

'If I kill Shirone here, I'll gain the upper hand.'

Of course, the propositions of the wizard are the kind that can be cleared as much as you want.

'Love me or hate me.' according to your mind.

'If you love me, you don't have to win. If you hate it, then I too... ...

It's enough if you do whatever you want.

"A coward?" As Havitz's temperament changed, purple life began to leak out.

"Shiok."

12 fanatics rose from the ground.

"It is Satan."

"catch."

At the same time as Satan's instructions were given, 12 people surrounded Shirone.

'And I... ...

Vanishing.

Shi-ok whispered as Havits, who had escaped from the law, aimed at Shirone's back.

"Yahweh."

The 12 hidden codes are the power to ridicule the world.

"weekend."

whatever you want

Joy and aspiration, conquest and domination, all the wishes you could hope for after being born as a human are all within you.

Shirone still had a cold expression.

'It won't work.'

Observing the situation from the rear, Havits put strength into the hand holding the long sword.

'But I win.'

The reason Vanishing has been destroyed so far is because Havitz followed the rules.

'That's no fun.' Right, Vulcan?

Harbitz charged through the tunnel outside Shirone's perception, aiming his sword.

Yahweh's back seemed wider today.

'you can do it.'

Above all, God's frequency.

I feel a great sense of incongruity, but I haven't heard the name Habits anywhere.

'Still, it's the closest among humans in the world. He's definitely annoying.'

Habitz, who had finally penetrated the prison, held out his sword with strength in his eyes.

'finished.'

At that moment, a tremendous shudder ran down my spine.

"uh?"

The moment the knife touches Shirone's back, Havitz's elbow bends at the same speed as he is moving forward.

"Big!"

When it seemed that that would not be enough, he hurriedly passed by Shirone and rolled on the ground.

"Sah, dear Satan... ...

Vanishing was released, but Shirone just stood there.

'Is that so?'

To realize it only after coming to the end of the world.

"Are you okay?"

As if he couldn't even hear Si-ok's voice, Havits sat with a blank expression on his face.

'Why couldn't I kill him?'

There was only one feeling at that moment.

run away

Harvits watched his fingers tremble against his will.

I couldn't even think of fear because it didn't define anything.

"Come on?"

It never felt good.

When I stabbed the back of my left hand with the handle of my sword, the bones of my left hand were broken.

"What, why are you like this? huh? yes? Come on?"

"Havitz."

Havits, who had been moving her arms indifferently as if breaking a stone, stopped moving at Shirone's voice.

"You cannot kill me." Hee, hee, Said Shirone, with Habits' nostrils clinging to him as he drew in his breath.

"That's why you run away."

exo universe(2)

"Distinguished guests from all over the world, we have achieved great unity in the face of global issues. All agreements were delivered in writing, and tomorrow morning, for the first time in history, the world leader will be elected... ...

While the ceremony of the closing ceremony was in progress, the entertainers took their last breath in the waiting room.

"Whoa. Whoa."

Cayden handed Maya some water.

"Now, this."

She was thirsty enough to empty a bottle, but she only rinsed her mouth.

"You don't have to be nervous. Are you the best?"

Maya probably doesn't even remember that she didn't answer.

Seeing her cold expression for the first time, Caden swallowed and went to the corner of the waiting room.

El Qiana glared at it with sad eyes.

'anyway... ... . Can't you see I'm concentrating? The professional is over the moment you get nervous, you idiot.' So, the fact that she was thinking about her was proof that she was nervous.

'Whoa, no! Let's focus, focus!'

It was quiet again, and only the sound of the conductor Panier flipping through the score could be heard.

'That's annoying, that guy.'

If Caden hadn't been a little more observant, he would have been kicked out of the waiting room.

'Nothing happens.'

Ye-in is a slave to jinx, so even the slightest feeling makes her feel like the world is collapsing.

Perhaps the sensitivity of that moment is strong enough to kill a person... ... .

'Another 30 minutes.'

If I didn't know how to control myself, I wouldn't have come this far.

'Nothing happens. Just as it is, pouring out everything and coming out.'

After that, what does it matter if you end up in the emergency room after a binge?

Then a knock was heard.

'this... ... !'

It was a jinx.

Panier, suppressing the desire to scream, spat out with a cold expression.

"who is this?"

Reina stood up when a bumpy-haired man with a knife opened the door and entered.

"lie."

"for a moment... ... Can we talk?" She caught the conductor's attention, and Pannier nodded her head expressionlessly.

Getting angry only made the jinx bigger.

"Go and come."

Reina was sensitive as well, so as soon as she came out into the hallway, she let out a low note.

"Crazy? Where are you coming from? Even if it's the lifeguards, they won't give you permission to enter."

"I heard from my grandfather. I can't go into details, but it's a dangerous situation. Follow me."

"Grandpa?"

Currently, Clump was staying in Delta as the commander of the Tormia Temple garrison.

"What are you talking about? Now the show is less than 30 minutes away."

"You idiot, everyone dies. So I guess my grandfather pretended not to see me either. Let's go now."

"no. I can't go."

Does it make sense that a pianist would leave without notice 30 minutes before the performance?

"Without me, all over 30 people will go crazy. I can't do that."

"Then you die... ... !"

Rai gritted it.

Being a family member, he could understand that her stubbornness was no less than his own.

"do it yourself."

"Go back to headquarters. Don't stay because of me."

There was no answer.

Perhaps her younger sister would stay here, so Reina felt heavy.

'A child whose family is everything.'

Even though it looks cold, in fact, it was the third with more residual than anyone else.

The eldest son is the eldest son, the second daughter is the second daughter, and the youngest is the youngest. ... .

'There must have been something I wished for without realizing it. Me, Gai's older brother, and even my father and grandfather.'

Perhaps the reason why Rai is obsessed with swords is also because he wanted to prove it to his family.

'Go on your way now. No matter what kind of person you become, we are always here.'

Rayna took a deep breath.

"Whoa."

The mind, trained by fighting countless jinxes, returned to a state of concentration.

"I have to do it, the performance."

For Yein, that would be everything.

Harvits asked.

"You can't kill me? you? Why?"

"Because that is the law. Anything can kill me. But I can kill them too. For example, we share the same laws with each other."

Shirone said.

"But Satan can avoid Yahweh under any circumstances. have you ever thought about What kind of law is it that you avoid me beyond all possible cases?"

"do not know. What is it."

Harvits defines nothing.

"Because you die." "Satan is outside the law. That's why he always has the upper hand in terms of probability, but it's different for Yahweh. Your chance of surviving is 0%. Rather, you were able to run away from me 100 percent because it was absolute death. In other words, you and I are the extremes and extremes of the law."

"No, listen. I gave you a knife a moment ago... ...

"to sum up."

Shirone stopped talking.

"You can still run away from me if you want to. But because of that, if you try to kill me, death cannot be avoided under any circumstances."

Harvitz's instinct was the reason why he screamed.

"You tried to stab me?"

"It's just a conclusion. I don't know what the future would be like, but if you had stabbed me in the back... ...

After reviewing for a while, Shirone spat out.

"You must be dead. One way or another, I will have found a way to kill you."

Suddenly, I had this thought.

'Maybe Satan... ...

Because you cannot kill Yahweh, who has mastered the heart, you are corrupting the hearts of other people.

"haha."

Havitz laughed dryly, and soon returned to an eerie expressionless expression and opened his mouth.

"Shiok."

When 12 fanatics again besieged Shirone, Havitz took a detour with vanishing.

'I'm talking nonsense.' Shi-ok's 12 hidden codes began to make Shirone's mind dizzy again.

"Yahweh."

Defeat us if you are strong.

Prove your strength, rise to the top of the world, and have everyone follow you.

"Whoa."

Shirone is not indifferent.

Rather, it is more dangerous because he has mastered the mind and suppresses all desires.

"Go away."

In the end, it was Yahweh because it was not broken.

all.

"Kuaaa!"

Si-ok, who was irritated when the hidden code didn't work, tried to start a fight.

"100 million!"

Harbitz, whose vanishing had been released, once again passed by Shirone and rolled around in the muddy water.

"Sah, Satan... ...

Second, Si-ok had no choice but to admit it.

'Really?'

Satan cannot kill Yahweh.

"Hmm."

Sitting down wet, Havitz looked at his trembling legs.

' fear?'

No, it can't be.

"Why is this happening again?"

Just as Harvits was about to cut off his leg with his sword, Shirone approached and said,

"It's no use."

"wait. I'll solve this first and fight again. Why do you keep losing your body... ...

"Havitz, do you believe in God?"

Habitz, who stopped moving, turned his head.

" god?"

"Not the God we define, but the God who really controls all dimensions. I honestly have my doubts."

"If you are talking about God... ...

"By the way."

Shirone said.

"I wish there was a god."

And as he kicked Harvitz in the face, his body thrashed and fell sprawled.

"Yahweh!"

Si-ok bared his teeth, but Harvits was lying in the rain calmly in a collapsed state.

"I'd rather have a god, where everything is fair and equal, no one gets hurt, and if you do something bad, lightning strikes... ...

Shirone gritted his teeth and asked.

"Why are we sacrificing ourselves? why don't you take responsibility? Is it because there is no god? Because lightning doesn't fall from the sky, because a blade doesn't come out of nowhere and hit you in the neck, does the world look ridiculous? Because someone puts up with it, sacrifices it, and cares for it, you mean you can do whatever you want?"

"Hmm."

Harvits thought carefully.

"I think you know what I mean. So when I throw out the trash, someone picks it up and throws it in the trash. If no one cleans it up, the streets will get dirty, and if time goes on like that, everyone will end up living in a dump."

"yes."

"But the person who takes out the trash is unfair. Why do you always clean me up? Those people throw filth all over the place, so why am I the only one who has to clean these streets? Then, all of a sudden, this thought came to me."

Harvits jumped up and stood up.

"If everyone didn't litter in the first place, these streets would always be clean. There is no need for someone to sacrifice, and everyone can live happily."

Shirone sighed heartily.

"??????yes."

"I don't understand."

"what?"

"Of course, there are people who clean it up, so they throw it away. Even if all 100 people throw out the trash, someone else has to step in and clean it up. The one person who least wants to live in the dump takes on the trash of 99 other people."

Shirone was speechless.

"Of course, that one person will be unfair. He cleaned everything up himself, but 100 people enjoy the clean streets equally. But who did it? If you don't like it, you can just not clean it. Then someone else steps in?"

Harvits pointed at Shirone.

"Just like you."

The sound of heavy breathing mixed with the sound of rain.

"Everyone procrastinates and procrastinates, and in the end you end up taking on the burden. But I can't help it. You do it because you have no choice but to do it. So, you can do that in the future."

Harvits seemed to be bothered by what he said.

"I'm going to pick up the trash alone for the rest of my life, you idiot."

"... ... Photon Cannon."

Cirone, who grabbed Harbitz by the collar and raised him up, swung his left fist.

'Infinity!'

The moment his jaw turned, a fierce flash of light raced in Havitz's head.

"Aaaaaaa!"

A shattering headache soon followed, and he shouted, clutching his head.

"Shiook!"

"Protect Satan!"

Siok, which activated 0.666 seconds of every second, a time that did not exist in the world, made Satan escape outside the law.

"... ... Superlight speed."

Shirone's voice widened Shiok's eyes.

"Uh, how?"

The reason why the speed of light is constant is because it is the speed of the signals that make up this world.

So even though it's a light-speed barrier because nothing can exist until a signal arrives.

"Can you come at a time that doesn't exist?"

The battery at the speed of light penetrates the 0 information between the signals, the vacuum.

"Photon Cannon."

This is the exclusive patent of Guffin, which creates something out of nothing, and the secret of the Wizard's missing 1 frame.

"Infinity."

Also, if you apply this battery to matter.

"Aaaaa!"

It becomes atomic destruction magic that fires particles at 99.9999% of the speed of light.

When Si-ok screamed and disappeared, only Havitz remained and wriggled.

"Are you sick?"

I was in no condition to answer.

"The reason suffering is a tragedy is because it is lonely. Falling into hell alone in the festival of life. no one can replace The only thing you have to be fully responsible for yourself."

Havitz rushed.

"Ki-i-i!"

He concentrated all the anger he was feeling into his long sword and tried to cut Shirone's head.

"You made a mistake."

Shirone slowly put her hand on Havitz's chest.

"Quaaaaa!"

As the atomic destruction magic ripped through his body again, Havitz screamed and stumbled.

"Huh! Whoa!"

As Shirone approached, Havitz's legs instinctively began to distance themselves.

'Eh, run away. escape... ... uh?' like that.

Havitsu, who suddenly realized, looked back at Shirone with a shocked expression.

'this... ... Is it fear?

It was the only justice born out of chaos.

exo universe(3)

"Do you know why I hate evil?" Shirone said.

"It is because they mistakenly believe that happiness and unhappiness are equivalent exchanges. If you hear ten compliments and ten insults, does that person have to be extremely calm?"

Shirone's fist hit Harbitz in the face.

"100 million!"

"... ... No wonder you feel dirty."

The human mind is not neutral.

"Don't try to be the same over and over again. No human being puts equal value on happiness and unhappiness. There is not a single person in the world who wants to be unhappy. Even you, who enjoyed pleasure by preying on countless humans... ...

As the particle destruction magic poured down, Harvits collapsed on the floor and howled.

"Aaaaaaa!"

"Isn't this one more painful now?"

why the hell

"I want to bully others somehow, so I bring up logic that doesn't work... ...

Shirone grabbed Havitz's head with both hands and applied the magic again.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

Sparks flew in Havitz's eyes, and blood flowed from his eyes, nose, and mouth.

"Why do I have to forgive you guys?"

Shirone almost cried.

"Tell me! I've been happy up until now, so it's okay to be in pain! You mocked others like that, so you should laugh!"

In order to reach Ultima, even evil must be accepted with heart, but... ... .

Shirone couldn't bear to swallow it.

"Say, dear Satan."

Twelve Siok, whose faces were charred, approached Habitz in the Koonggeumonggeum gear.

"Kuaaa! Aagh!"

Havitz let out a groan and peered into his own brain as if he had gone out of body.

The feeling of light running at a speed that is not in the world.

"Uh uh uh uh?"

When the accident reached the point where it was impossible, strange words came out without realizing it.

"... ... mom."

Surprised even after spitting it out himself, he suddenly came to his senses and invoked vanishing.

'Let's run away.'

Anywhere is fine, to a place without Yahweh.

'I know how, so it's okay. i don't have to kill Giyorgi just needs to kill him.'

Shirone stood up.

"late."

He had already anticipated Havitz's vanishing, so he murmured.

"Elicia."

As the brilliance of light spread like an explosion, Havitz's chin trembled after the vanishing was released.

lied

"Huh! Whoops!"

Unable to even look back, he ran with all his might.

' mom.'

Was it a dream, or was it a near-death experience created by the destruction of brain cells?

Havitz let out a silly laugh as he ripped the flesh off his tattered face.

"Hehehe!"

I didn't actually see anything.

I just felt it, realized it, and knew what kind of existence I was in this world.

'Why is it chaos?'

Because there is no need to protect anything.

" mom."

He didn't mind the fact that his skin was peeling, he said like a child with a seagull laugh.

"I want to have fun."

At the same time as he finished speaking, Elikia's flash flew towards Havitz's back.

"Protect Satan!"

The moment Shi-ok blocks the road, the flash spreads like electricity and burns them all.

Aaaaaaaaa!

Shiok, which had turned to ashes, stayed in the air for a long time without being washed away by rainwater, and then disappeared.

Shirone's expression was calm.

"Whoa."

Even before coming here, he had guessed that he couldn't kill Havitz.

'Satan can transcend the law and avoid Yahweh. If he so set his mind.'

Perhaps if he had activated Elikia from the beginning, Havits would have run away without a word.

"I hope it was a little comforting." Caught in the clutches of the stars of the ivory tower and Satan

I hoped to realize at least a little the suffering of the victims.

'Mother.'

When I heard Harvitz, a few things came to my mind, but they were just hypotheses.

'Rather... ...

The Paladins of Lamigyo and the warriors of the south were still continuing the slaughter battle.

"Yahweh."

Chieftain Ntara approached with support.

"Chief."

"I watched you fight Havitz. It seems that Elicia's strength was lacking."

"I would have run away anyway. It is a law that cannot be resolved by direct conflict between me and Satan."

That's why Wizards were needed.

"is it? Anyway, the situation is tight. Those zealots seemed to want to enter the temple."

Shirone looked back at Yin, who had lost her mind.

'Those who lose heart and follow the will of God. Perhaps what you're aiming for... ... It must be Maya.'

The reason is unknown, but Maya's death is recorded meaningfully in future information.

Shirone remembered the words of Youkus Man.

- The singing voice was so loud that I had to stop it. There was so much singing, it had to cover the planet. Thicker, thicker, thicker... ... .

'Maybe it has something to do with this? But there is too little information to make hasty conclusions.'

Shirone said.

"I will stop you. Please help me."

Satan has fled and Shiok has been wiped out, so now only Yin's faction remains.

"Of course I should, but... ...

Euntara looked back at the main road and said.

"Can you stop everything?"

Where Shirone turned his head, a procession of phosphorus filled his field of vision.

It felt like people from all over the world were rushing in.

"... ... We have to stop it."

After activating the Miracle Stream, Shirone swept the front of the crowd with her Hand of God.

"Keugh!"

I felt a great shock.

'magnetic field.'

If it is just an object, it can be changed according to Yahweh's will, but oparts are different.

'If Yin is God's long-term partner... ...

Existence is the extreme of the law, and each of them was as strong as Nane's sermon.

"Yaaaaa!"

Cirone grabbed people with the Hand of God and swung her arms while clenching her teeth.

Hundreds of people broke away, but many more missed as if grabbing water.

'... ... It's not easy.' However, if it was destroyed with magic, it might be a massacre of mankind.

People said in one voice.

"Yahweh."

It was a message from God to Shirone.

"You are an error." Maybe.

In a cold and indifferent world, creatures might have had to live by simply obeying the law.

"no."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"We will define it." To move toward a world where there is no discrimination, no more sacrifice, no terrible misfortune.

"The master of this world is the mind."

Shirone spread the Miracle Stream to the limit and swept away the crowd of people.

oh oh oh oh!

As if the world was screaming, the streets were shaken by the conflict between the heart and the law.

"Great!"

Amid all the laws denying the heart, Shirone's eyes exploded with brilliance.

"This concludes all the official schedules of the temple... ...

Applause spread throughout the annex.

No one clapped carelessly, but their expressions hardened.

Everyone was thinking the same thing.

'The aftermath of the front door collision is not coming. maybe stop it then... ...

Should I kill Maya?

'If you go by vote, Tormia has an overwhelming advantage. But I don't know yet. If you seek a reversal here, the result will be reversed.'

The desire to become a world leader instigated the kings of each country endlessly.

"Then, from now on, there will be a finale performance to pray for peace in the temple. Please greet them with applause."

match... ... .

A few people bumped their palms, but it became quiet again, as if they had promised.

Perhaps it was his hesitation about sending a welcome signal to the person he was about to kill.

"uh... ...

The moderator was embarrassed, but skillfully led the talk.

"Now, let me introduce you! It is a pannier band, a performance performed by the world's best artists."

Applause broke out as if to make up for the mistake of a moment ago, and 36 artists came out on stage.

Rufist said.

"Shirone is blocking well. I'll be able to hold on until the show is over. If so, has the future changed?"

The albino's eyes narrowed.

"Hmm, there are still a few variables. First of all, Basak, the king of Iron. According to the prophecies of the future, he will kill Maya and take over the world map. I will definitely move."

To seize the fate given to oneself.

"But now everyone knows the future. Other countries won't leave it alone. If we can stop Iron here, we can change the future."

Whatever Fermi was thinking, Rufist judged for Tormia's sake.

"I agree, but it will already be in the calculation."

"Yes?"

"About Fermi and Shirone. The two guys share the same information, but their actions are opposite. Fermi knows but doesn't want to change, and Shirone knows but wants to change."

"Because that's how it is."

"This is the point. Shall we say that those two steps seem to split God's calculations into two? Shirone will do her best to stop the procession of phosphorus. However, since it is also under God's calculation, God bypasses Yahweh and carries through with the result. And the result of that implementation... ...

Rufist realized.

"Fermi again... ... changed it'?"

"That would be a strategy. Perhaps Shirone knew. I'm sure you've found a way to control the information in some way. That is the true meaning of deceiving the gods. Are you saying they're both insane? I came up with a very stupid idea."

Lufist had the same idea.

"Anyway, the future is up there as far as we think. No matter what happens right now, that will not be the true future."

As long as Fermi controls information.

'then... ...

Rufist stood side by side on the stage and examined the entertainers one by one.

'What is the future we don't know about?' Pope Constantine strolled through the aisles.

"Oh, Pope."

Even though she was not a member of Lamie religion, she was a world-famous celebrity, so the ladies-in-waiting paid their respects.

"Yes, it's a lot of work."

"What are you doing here? If you're like the Pope, in the annex... ...

The maid's expression became blank.

" ah."

A blue light flashed in her eyes for an instant, and then the emotion disappeared from her face.

"Follow the truth of Lamie religion."

"... ... Yes."

The maid turned that way and headed for the inn where the temple staff were staying.

Perhaps in a few hours, most people in Delta will become Lamies.

"What is the problem?"

And Pope Constantine belatedly moved to the annex.

"What God wants."

As the entertainers played music under the direction of Panier, El Qiana took the lead.

Her voice singing world peace was so beautiful that it seemed like light was flowing.

But the crowd did not waver.

'When will I kill you?'

What they are waiting for is the moment when Maya gets the spotlight in the center of the stage.

'According to the prophecy, Iron killed him after the performance. We have to hit first before that.'

Panier could not see the audience, but felt a chill run down his spine.

'What is it?'

I've done a lot of performances, but this was the first time.

'Next, Maya.'

Panier, who had come to his senses, turned his gaze to Maya and nodded slightly.

The spotlight moved and Maya stepped out to the center of the stage with a calm gait.

Officials from around the world widened their eyes.

'Is it now? now?'

Turning to the audience, Maya raised her eyes slightly and slowly parted her lips.

"I... ...

The shock of that moment.

"When I was very young."

By stimulating people's heartstrings to such an extent that they can't even think of the world's map country or the muddy murder intent.

"Meet a boy."

It evoked a stillness more still than stillness.

"I loved you."

Everyone's eyes were wet as she smiled as she had just finished a line.

'Why did you kill me after the performance?'

Albino realized.

'maybe... ... It must be because I couldn't kill him.'

exo universe(4)

On his way to the annex, Constantine evangelized all the humans he met on his way.

"Believe in Kria God."

"??????Yes."

The people who came into contact with it turned into human beings with expressionless faces.

'I......

Constantine was not an opart.

'It's God's agent.'

Perhaps it was fate that he, who was not exposed to the waves of the pyramid, came to have this ability.

'I'm sorry, Kria God. Was there a lump left? I had doubts that even I did not know.'

Tears flowed.

He believed in the existence of God despite all the doubts in the world, but he was also human.

But now it's different.

'I saw it with my own two eyes. I heard it with my own two ears. God's work, its brilliant evidence.'

If he exists, he can be trusted, and his belief is so absolute that he deserves to be called the Pope.

Therefore, from God's point of view, his faith also becomes an absolute and unchanging law.

"Whoops, the age of the gods... ...

Kneeling before the transcendent absolute, not the world created by humans.

My heart was pounding just by imagining it.

'The whole world will be dyed in the name of God.'

And beneath that name stands Constantine, himself.

'A world map country?' Everyone in the crusade is trying to get a just cause with Constantine's approval.

"You are talking nonsense."

He was not interested in the human kingdom.

"1 hour 49 minutes 12 seconds. 11 seconds. 10 seconds."

I turned around at the sudden voice and saw a ronin coming from around the corner.

His clothes were dirty, and his unwashed hair, which fell down to his shoulders, looked like a corpse.

"Kytra?"

Constantine saw and sensed that a withered snake was coiled around his neck.

'Why is the King of Paras Kingdom here?'

What does it matter.

"1 hour 48 minutes 42 seconds. 41 seconds. 40 seconds??...

"Hey Kitra."

In order to make another follower, Constantine reached out to Kitra.

"Praise the god Krea."





"36 seconds. 35... ...


I stopped counting the hours.

"Cria?"

The moment Kitra turned his head, Constantine was shocked to freeze his soul.

"Ahhh... ...

Unlike him who was thrilled, Kitra was indifferent.

"God has no name."

Kneeling with a thump, Constantine collapsed in a position that could no longer be miserable.

It wasn't Lamie's etiquette, it was instinct.

"Save me."

... ... this is god

The moment you come into contact with it, the forms, tendencies, and doctrines that humans have imagined become meaningless.

Kitra asked.

"You haven't lost your mind."

"My heart is yours alone

all. Write as you wish."

"Kill Maya."

'Maya'?'

I had doubts for a moment, but I didn't have the courage to ask as I looked up at Kitra.

"I will follow your will."

As Constantine got up and left the hallway, Kitra turned in the opposite direction.

Until the universe closes... ... .

"1 hour 46 minutes 55 seconds. 54 seconds. 53 seconds."

"Ah ah ah ah ah!" Satiel's cerebral body screamed.

'no.'

In the change of the universal law, the angels protected the heart, but nothing changed.

This is because God bypasses innumerable causes and achieves the desired result.

'What God, the whole, the universe wants

O......'

empty.

In about an hour and a half, based on the photon system, the universe will be scattered in a state smaller than a particle.

After that, to eternal nothingness, and to the realm of infinite nothingness where even that concept cannot exist.

'It can't end like this.'

I always fought with the determination to perish, but the pressure I felt now was on a different level.

It's not because they can't be resurrected.

'Even if I perish... ...

As long as this universe exists, it will continue forever in someone's mind.

'It's going to be nothing.' Both the hatred for Ikael and the hatred for Guffin become an instant illusion.

Oh oh oh oh!

As the tremendous law surged in, the psychic bodies of the seven archangels began to scatter into particles.

Ikael resisted with all his might.

'If I get pushed here, it's over.'

When the seven archangels and the initial concept were dismantled, the process of dispersing the universe was an instant.

'It's big that Uriel isn't there. With the 7 concepts, slowing down time is the only thing.'

Even that is not far away.

"Ikael."

At that moment, a familiar voice was heard.

"Amy?"

"Here."

Ikael was surprised when Amy, imbued with the sun as the embodiment of fire, connected with the cerebral body.

'Hoo.'

It was incomparably stronger than before.

"I will help."

With Amy's joining, the archangels escaped disbanding, but only gained about an hour.

Ikael spoke frankly.

"sorry. You cannot stop extinction. If Miss Amy is here, she will be in the same situation."

He wanted to be with Shirone for the rest of his time.

"Nope. We will survive."

"what???????"

As the archangel's mind focused on Amy, she said with a smile.

"Because Shirone is making something amazing."

"Mika."

-The construction progress is 87.9546 percent.

It was spectacular.

Whatever it was, it was on a scale that a person born as a human could never see.

The Shirone Spear completely surrounded the sun, leaving only detailed assembly.

'There's less than an hour and a half left.' At the current rate, it would be completed in 3 hours, but at that time there would be no universe.

'I need to double the speed or more.'

Synchronous events are like ten fingers playing a musical instrument in concert.

In other words, the disappearance of one finger doesn't mean that the other finger is faster.

'The material is different.'

It must be the concentration of having to play in real time, as if the sheet music suddenly changes.

In fact, after Apocalypse ended, Sphere's work speed improved significantly.

'That's the remaining 3 hours, but this time it's on a different level. If you don't, the simultaneous incident will break.'

Shirone was cautious.

'If you can only get results, there's no reason to hesitate. But the problem is...'

Will I be able to make it on time?

If you focus on the material and the simultaneous events are broken, it will be neither one nor the other.

Isn't that something you have to do?

"Faster."

After making a decision, Shirone speeded up the work, and the space where the material came out became red hot.

"Great!"

At the realm of one body and one body, the mind became confused, and the basis of simultaneous events began to rise.

shaking



"Ugh!"

At the entrance of the Delta headquarters, Shirone, who was blocking the procession of phosphorus, suddenly grabbed her head.

"Yahweh!"

Southern warriors shouted anxiously, but Shirone raised her head.

'I won't give up.'

The moment the procession of phosphorus entered the Delta, Maya would inevitably die.

' Maya.'

Imagining her song, Shirone opened her eyes.

"Hand of God."

When the hands of light with a heart of defense pushed the procession away, the distance of 20 meters widened in an instant.

"Yahweh, you are an error."

Even in the middle of bumping and rolling, the human kept repeating the same words without a change in expression.

Feeling eerie, Shirone focused her shaking mind on one point.

What brings the two focus points into one.

"It is not an error."

Although the level of difficulty is similar to the intensity of having to play the first sheet music at high speed.

"It is the heart."

According to Reina when she was young, Shirone was a pretty good looking kid.

Oh oh oh oh!

When the law and the heart collide again, the procession of seals is pushed endlessly

it was small

"Shirone."

said Fermi in front of the window.

"I'll make it anyway. I find the best way out of any situation and do it."

Seriel replied with a smile.

"You've been like that since school days."

"It's not just about technology. Cool-headedness, courage to bet, situational awareness to set the standard for betting, calculation speed, diversity that does not limit the number of methods, flexibility to break through the other side when one side is blocked, etc."

Fermi turned around.

"There are actually a lot of things in what we just call good. Solving problems is the sum of human abilities. And as far as I know, he's probably the most problem-solving wizard."

"Why are you all praising Shirone? It's a bit strange today. What's really going on?"

Fermi turned around again.

"Maya will die in 10 minutes."

"what!"

Seriel jumped up.

"What if I say that now, you madman! Are you doing this even though you know that?"

"It is not something that can be prevented. Because God's will carries through the results. I did everything I could."

Fermi pointed to the front door.

"Shirone will stop the procession of phosphorus. That's why I can cheat."

"Cheat? who?"

"God." There are times when I think I'm crazy when I talk to someone who has too broad a view.

"When Shirone does it, God takes a detour. It's a possible strategy because he does it. There are probably many causes that we still don't know about. And the moment you reach the result God wants."

Fermi punched the palm of his hand.

"I'm blowing the counter."

"I can not understand. No, I don't even want to understand. Is Maya really dying?"

"I don't know."

Fermi said quietly, imagining Maya's song reaching its climax.

"Because even God wouldn't know." It's up to Cayden.

Even after Maya's voice disappeared, her hallucinations permeated the air in the annex.

The only sound that broke the silence was a low exclamation from here and there in the audience.

Panier lowered the baton.

'Nice work, Maya.'

And I caught her eyes as she was breathing heavily with an expression that was not yet excited.

'Now you are the best in the world.'

"bravo!"

As soon as someone stood up and shouted, applause erupted from all sides. Maya's expression softened.

'finished.'

In fact, there was no applause, no whistling, no voices congratulating her.

'I can go home.'

Just the feeling of relief that I had fulfilled my responsibilities made me feel like I had the whole world.

"The best! Maya!"

When I turned my head to the voice I heard backstage, Caden was clapping.

'right. You were always by my side.'

It was only after the performance was over that the things that had happened to him so far came to reality.

"Huh?????

Maya, who burst into tears belatedly, bowed her head to the audience.

"thank you."

As the applause grew louder, her colleagues took her by the hand and led her to the center.

"Go ahead, Maya. Because you are the main character."

Panier smiled as he watched the entertainers respond with a flushed face.

'You wouldn't want to do it again.'

Isn't it harsh to have to fight countless hours of fear for this short moment of joy?

'Geuk, you're welcome.'

it can never leave

'I have no choice but to come back. Because the emotions I feel right now will be more thrilling than the happiness of a lifetime.'

Meanwhile, Kayden backstage was clapping as fervently as the audience.

'great job. Well done, Maya.'

At that time, my heart overflows when I see her standing side by side with the world's best artists.

"yes?"

The hand that was clapping involuntarily went down and grabbed the handle of the sword.

No one noticed.

'what?'

By the fact that on the other side of the unlit stage a man was aiming a crossbow.

Weight of Existence (1)

In the process of processing information from Apocalypse, heads of state had the same question.

'If I had to kill Maya... ...

To what extent does the method of killing apply?

'What if the assassin is a spy for a certain country? Or what if an indirect murder occurs in a chaotic situation?'

In a situation where the standard is ambiguous, most countries thought that killing with a knife was the most accurate.

'Crossbowman.'

Originally planned to become a world leader, the Kingdom of Iron had a superpower.

Caden was cautious.

'Why are you doing that? It's dangerous. Why is no one stopping you? Could it be that only I am looking?'

Fermi thought.

'If I hadn't obtained information from the future, Shirone would not have stopped the procession of phosphorus.'

By now, the audience must have been swept away by the wave of phosphorus, and it is the Iron Kingdom that kills Maya in that chaos.

Also, Fermi thinks.

'But I knew, and then the Iron Kingdom knew. The Iron Kingdom will not kill Maya.'

There must be not one or two people who felt uncomfortable in the prophecy that they would kill Maya and become the world's leader.

'And now all countries are informed.'

If it was defeat the moment you took your foot out, Iron would assume both cases.

'Since Shirone has blocked the phosphorus wave, of course Iron will try to kill Maya... ...

Because Iron is trying to kill Maya.

'Kayden breaks out of prison.'

This was the future that Fermi envisioned when he revealed information about Apocalypse.

Caden hesitated.

'I guess I'm the only one who doesn't know. No, even if you know it, do you just watch it? What event?'

You can't blame the fear of those who don't know the future, but his right hand didn't hesitate.

"Kuk!"

As the magic sword was activated, the sharp atmosphere knocked the crossbowman's neck off.

'I really killed him.'

He might not have been an assassin, but even then his right hand would have moved.

"Kayden?"

As the applause stopped, Maya looked backstage with a puzzled expression.

Then a scream broke out.

"Aww! , the person is dead! What happened?"

El Qiana shouted.

"What is this? Murderer! What are the guards doing! Hurry up, that person... ...

Looking back, she froze.

"uh?"

Hitmen from all over the world came up and took out their weapons and rushed at it.

"Move!"

"Ahhh."

El Qiana really wanted to get out of the way, but she couldn't even lift a finger.

Seeing Hitman's eyes go cold, she instinctively sensed it even in the blink of an eye.

'Am I dying?'

Just as the blade was about to hit her neck, Reina hugged her by the waist and rolled across the stage.

"You fool! Run quickly!"

"Hick!"

As El Qiana ran toward the exit, Reina inspected the stage that had turned into mayhem.

'Is this what Ray said? But why are you targeting us? no, what I was aiming for

O......'

The location of the crossbowman suddenly came to mind.

"Maya!"

The moment she shouted, assassins from different countries surrounded Maya and brandished their swords.

'I have to kill him first.'

"Yaaaa!"

At that moment, with the sound of Cayden's spirit, a tornado occurred where Maya was.

Maya, who had her eyes tightly closed, lifted one eyelid to see Kayden's wide back.

"It's fine?"

"yes. What are these people?"

"I don't know why they are targeting you. Just a moment ago... ...

With tears in my eyes and applause.

"Is it a magic swordsman?"

Said the man holding the two daggers in reverse.

"It's a little clumsy." Of course, they must be the best hitmen, but the reason Caden kept his mouth shut was for another reason.

'The fate of the Red Cross has weakened.' At some point, he had a hunch that the fate that had been following him had disappeared.

Even so, the reason why he can use the magic sword is because of his right arm that goes wild.

'It's like fighting with one arm. I can't even control it.'

Cayden decided how to protect Maya in this situation.

"Maya, run away."

Even the enemies are listening.

"I can't win." The only way to motivate Maya was to let go of pride and be honest.

"Kaden... ...

"Go quickly! Don't be annoying!" Since she was never the type to say such a thing, Maya cast a teleportation with tears in her eyes.

"Follow me!"

Hitman moved and Caden blocked his way.

"Yaaaa!"

I tried to put in a strong spirit, but in reality there was nothing I could do other than that.

'It's me anyway. I'm moving.'

just don't realize

'please??????

He loved Maya more than he thought.

As the blue electricity from the Lightning Impact hit the stage, a series of explosions occurred.

The hitmen, who realized that their power suddenly increased, finally made serious faces.

'If you delay, you will miss it.'

However, if we were to deal with Cayden, a hitman from another country would snatch the target first.

"Let's do it together."

Negotiations were quick because they were the first to judge the situation.

"Kill once, compete again. how?"

Since there were no clumsy people, the hitmen expressed their consent by looking back at Cayden.

Caden called for joy.

'it's okay.'

The power of the magic sword machine is intact, but the body other than the right arm must move with reason.

'All you have to do is attack me. Then Maya can escape while I die.'

He prayed sincerely.

"Why don't you know?" Seriel asked.

"You don't fight a fight you can't win. Is there anything in the world that even God does not know?"

"That's the point."

Fermi turned away from the window.

"Because not even God knows, no one knows. No one in this universe can ever know."

what kayden will do

"But the problem is... ...

When Fermi confirmed the other day, Cayden's escape from prison had only the right arm applied.

"It is not a human being. I'm not saying he only has a right hand. A true jailbreak... ... Is it possible when you completely escape the prison of your body?"

"The prison of the body."

"yes."

Fermi laughed bitterly.

"You don't know."

Cayden was terrified.

' what?'

His right arm was exquisitely blocking the attacks of the 12 best hitmen.

'What the hell is this arm?'

Even if it was attached to my body, I couldn't control it, so I didn't think it was mine.

The hitmen also gradually wrinkled their expressions.

"It's quite right."

Boasting super-fast assassination skills, they had already been unable to win for three minutes.

'Are you a sword genius? no, it's weird I've never seen swordsmanship like this. It's impossible to predict.'

Unlike Hitman's acknowledgment of Cayden, he felt uncomfortable.

'damn!'

Feeling enslaved to a part of your body.

'no. Obviously I'm moving. I don't even have eyes in my hands

go... ...

Apparently, he was reacting through the information his eyes were receiving.

'By the way.'

Caden cried.

'Why don't I know?'

It moves through the brain, so if your right arm can do it, you should be able to do it too.

'Whatever it is, it's in me. you're looking away desperately running away...

The fate of the Red Cross.

Even though the law had changed, Cayden's heart was still there.

'damn.'

I didn't like it that much.

'I'm not interested in magic and swordsmanship. All I wanted was a painter. I wanted to draw the best Maya!'

At that moment, the hitman's dagger cut through the back of Caden's right thigh.

"Keugh!"

"... ... I got it."

This guy has only his right arm.

The moment she left the exit, Maya froze.

El Qiana's legs are dangling

It floated and was held in the hands of Pope Constantine.

"M-Maya! help me!"

When he took the first step toward her earnest expression, his eyes collided with Constantine.

'this person... ... Not human.'

It felt like I was out of breath.

"It is unusual. you and this girl Does that mean there is no particular reason you want to change'?"

How can I live without regrets?

But all those experiences made her song now, so she was grateful for the present.

"It doesn't matter."

Maya's appearance in front of her right now must have been the result of God's will.

"die."

As light shot from Constantine's hand, El Qiana kicked Maya.

The divine power, which was originally the ability of a perm demon, lightly cut through Maya's bangs.

El Qiana shouted.

"Run away!"

Maya, who had hit her buttock, asked involuntarily.

"... ... why?"

It wasn't a particularly evil personality, but he wasn't the one to help others while he was captured.

'Yeah. Why did I do that?' Even I was suspicious.

'I really hate him. I'm unlucky with a good patient, and my part is also stolen... ...

said El Qiana.

"You'd better kill me. That kid shouldn't die, he's the protagonist of the temple finale performance."

Do you know what that means?

"Best in the world... ... I mean diva." If sound contains the heart and information at the same time, her voice is the highest vibration.

Maya burst into tears.

"L... ...

The pope cut off.

"Diva?"

And he took a step toward Maya.

"Songs that do not praise God are nothing but heretical sorcery."

"Kaden!"

Caden, who was kneeling on one knee and swinging his right arm, heard Maya's voice.

"Maya!"

El Kiana and Maya floated to the left and right of the pope who was spreading the light of divine power.

"Look at all! Proof of God! Power! Fallen humans! Now the age of the gods will open!"

The kings of each country left, but key officials who kept an eye on the situation remained.

'Isn't that the Pope? You're crazy.'

Albino, on the other hand, realized that what was to come had come.

'Was this one?'

No matter how much you change the cause, you will reach the result God wants.

"Maya dies."

It cannot be stopped by any reason.

"no!"

Cayden shouted, but now only his right arm was intact.

"Oh God! Please accept my trust!"

When Constantine shouted, her eyes lit up and Maya's pupils rolled upward.

"Maya! Maya!"

Cayden cursed his fate again.

'Why me... ...

Can't I have what I want?

"A tough guy."

Hitman's attack radius now reached the nape of his neck, but nothing was visible.

'It's not even a big wish. Just stay by Maya's side. That's all.'

Is it really like that?

" I??????

Just as Maya's body shuddered, Cayden clenched his teeth and straightened his knees.

"I really want to."

Maybe what he wanted wasn't so simple... ... .

"Maya."

the entire human mind.

The moment Hitman stabbed the last weed, Cayden grabbed the sword with both hands.

Demon Sword - Seomhye.

In an instant, a geometric trajectory emerged brilliantly as if drawn with light on the stage.

"what... ... !"

The bodies of the hit men are separated into several pieces at such a speed that they cannot even react.

"Big!"

Even the Pope's arms were amputated near the elbow, causing Maya and El Qiana to fall.

The albino's eyes shook in shock.

"how... ... ?"

Can the result change?

"Whoa."

The afterimage of the flash evaporated, and Cayden let out a long breath and slowly turned around.

The pope staggered back.

"you you... ...

Omega's core keyword, Cross Cayden.

"Get away from Maya."

Break Out Of God's Prison

Weight of Existence (2)

Right before she lost consciousness, Maya saw a trail of light across her retina.

'Am I dead?'

After thinking about that for a while, she hurriedly came to her senses when she felt the weight of her body.

"Shirone?"

Maybe it wasn't like that?

But when her vision returned, Caden was standing in front of her.

"It's fine?"

It was the same friendly tone as usual, but Maya intuitively sensed that something had changed.

"Uh. that is... ... sorry."

Cayden just smiled, erased my expression, and walked over to Constantine.

"Why did you try to kill Maya?"

"Big!"

Both arms were cut off, but there was no bleeding due to divine power.

'Nothing.'

I didn't even care about the pain.

'Because God exists.'

Evidence from the outside world makes all value in reality meaningless.

"I am not afraid of even death." In front of Constantine, who raised his divine power with life as fuel, a golden shield was born.

"Army of God."

The ability of the Pope, who is said to be the only person who can stand against Satan within Lamie religion.

Of course, Habitz ignored it, but Constantine's record in the Demon War was a record.

"Come in, heretic."

Cayden didn't move.

As if standing in front of a loaded bow, a sense of tension was felt inside the shield of light.

'maybe... ... Something like a spear.'

Cayden's intuition was correct.

As soon as it enters the radius, a spear of light will pop out between the shields and create a honeycomb.

That was the ability of the strongest Lamie religion.

said Cayden.

"You were once respected by the world. Go back and get treatment now."

Constantine's eyes turned friendly.

"Whoops. young people."

And immediately, with madness in his eyes, he gritted his teeth and took a step forward.

"There is no home for me here."

Uncountable number of spears of light jumped out from between the gaps in the shield at tremendous speed.

And Cayden moved before the spear had even advanced ten centimeters.

Magic Sword - Island Bone (Wandering Flash).

A light flashed.

The flashes were so fast and light that they broke at sharp angles dozens of times, as if lost.

"Ugh!"

When they finally reached their destination, golden line art was spread out on the stage.

"sorry."

I didn't want to spend it this way.

"Because the sword is too light."

The length of Constantine's spear extended was only 13.7 cm.

"Kkeuk??????

Red blood gushed out of Constantine's body and fell apart into dozens of pieces.

Officials in each country had the same idea.

'What is that monster again?'

The prophecy of the future was wrong, and another powerful enemy that was difficult for the kingdom to deal with appeared.

"Go back."

The albino stood up from his seat.

"It was a good finale."

Isn't it the end that fits the end of the human race?

As those who held their breath and looked at the situation left, Reina looked back at the darkness.

'lie.'

Thanks to Caden, she didn't get much hurt, but her younger brother was still protecting her.

'The wound must be great.'

Reina had also learned swordsmanship at one time, so she expected the level of shock Rye would receive.

'Just remember this. Whether you're good or bad, you're family.'

Because that's Ogent.

When Reina, who was considerate of her younger sister, left the annex, Rai also quietly disappeared into darkness.

'glare.'

There was also such a level.

'It cuts the fastest. cut the most secretly cut the most powerful Most, most, most.'

What on earth did he do when everyone was striving for one path?

'damn.'

perhaps... ... He felt that the true shame of the Ogent family was himself.

Meanwhile, Cayden, who had come down the stage, moved toward Maya, who was dodging toward the audience seats.

"Maya."

It seemed like he knew what Caden would say, just like when he saved him from the demon Miyo.

"Love it."

Maya replied with prepared words.

"sorry. As I said before, I'm still ready... ...

"I mean it."

Maya raised her head.

"I will not run away any longer. If you can't accept it, I'll stop asking in your heart. It will be difficult and difficult to endure, but I will fully bear it and live."

"Kaden... ...

For the first time, his words stuck in my heart.

'Throw everything.'

As Cayden approached, Maya's head became as urgent as her rapidly beating heart.

'What do we do?'

It was time for her to make a choice.

'Can I do this?'

A substitute for Shirone or a lifesaver would only leave scars on each other.

" I??????

The moment I said my first words, all the memories from the day I met Cayden until now.

'Shirone.'

assured her

'Thank you.'

Finally able to smile, Maya closed her eyes and Kayden kissed her.

El Qiana's eyes widened as she sat on the stage.

"They are playing a lot."

But that was for a while, and soon he smiled and sent a vague gaze.

"Yes, love is good."

Destiny is... ... Does it really exist?

Although Cayden did achieve what he wanted for the first time beyond his Red Cross destiny.

Was his escape from his heart, or was it simply because the law had changed.

We are still just lost children in the universe, and those who hold the correct answer in their hands "Beep beep!" There was only God.

"Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep beep!" Shortly after Constantine's death, Kitra knelt in his hallway and made a strange noise.

"Beep! beep! Beep! beep!"

Calculation not possible! Calculation not possible! Calculation not possible! Calculation not possible!

It was a contradiction in that no matter how many imaginary functions were substituted, the desired result could not be derived.

"Beep beep"

He explored the infinite universe.

In minus time, the birth and death of the universe is only an instant, so the calculation time is zero.

"Beep hee hee."

The probability that the outcome of the end of the universe would be correct was transmitted to Kitra's brain.





99.9999999999... ... percent.


"beep... ...

The sound stopped for a moment.

If he were a human, he would believe in the overwhelming win rate and push forward.

"Extract]. beep."

God cannot be trusted because he has no heart.

Even after repeating the same calculation countless times, 100 percent did not come out, so the route was split in two.

1. Repeat the calculation until 100 percent is obtained under the current system.



2. Change the system through learning.





These were the two conditions for reaching the concept of perfection.

execution.

Blue electricity flashed in Kitra's eyes as he calculated both cases at the same time.

"Beep hee hee!"

Is this the scream of a god, or is it just a system alarm?

"Beep hee hee!"

Clearly, the god of the outside world seemed unable to put his heart into the sound.

Green Ocean.

In the midst of a fierce battle between the 12 apostles and the ordinary angels, the charter turned sharply.

Blitz's eyes flashed.

'Win.'

As the number of fairies fell to less than half, it was the point at which a small number of elites shined.

"Power asymmetry is deepening. If we keep going like this, the fairies will soon be wiped out.'

The little creatures that enforced the laws of heaven would later come out of fairy tales.

and the same time.

The elf's hideout was in a state of ruin.

"Fight! That's not Erin!"

The crown, 'riding' Erinn's body, was killing elves at nearly one per second.

"haha."

Erin smiled coldly.

"Is it too easy?"

Enox, the head of the elves, asked.

"Who are you?"

"I don't know?"

Crown approached with open arms.

"It's me, Erin."

Enoch wrinkled his face, but his legs were still immobilized in the ground.

'Victory is not important.'

It was a battle to see who would go extinct first.

"Protea."

Enox said to the chief of the fire tribe.

"Take as many as you can and run away. There is a future only if one more person survives."

Only a few dozen elves and fire tribes remained.

'Because the lifespan is unnecessarily long.' What had he been doing without thinking of breeding for an eternity of time?

'Sing songs, celebrate nature, and share discourse.'

Enox realized.

'is it?'

Man's ridiculously short lifespan, powerful sexual desire, and insatiable greed O...

'I thought it was pathetic sometimes.'

From the point of view of the species, it was the strength to maintain and develop the species even in numerous crises.

"Protea."

Enox grabbed his sword and shouted.

"go!"

At the powerful cry, Protea gave herself up to extreme passivity and shouted.

"follow me!"

At the same time, Enox charged Erin.

"Estacion!"

Thousands of sharp winds swept everywhere, and fresh blood spurted from Enox's neck.

"Because I can't."

Erin, who was far away, brushed off the blood on her sword and chased after the Hwajok.

Looking up at the sky, Enox thought.

'strong.'

I vaguely felt that it was a crown, but I didn't even think of it as an elf or fairy.

'The Third Race:

There was no regret.

'Because it's natural for the strong race to survive.'

Red blood began to spread quickly and slowly at the place where the upper body collapsed with a thump.

'Yahweh.'

What remains at the end of life... ... .

'Please save the fire people.' It was only faith.

Having annihilated the elves, Crown wiped the blood from his cheeks.

'Is it a draw?'

The fairy would have been wiped out by now, but he was no longer a fairy anyway.

"You are the last."

Crown approached Protea.

"This is also a historic moment, so let me say something. Speak the will of your tribe."

"... ... You made a big mistake. The Hwajok is the world's only hope. You will definitely regret it."

"Don't write it down."

Protea's head fell with a single blade.

"With the ferocity of extinct creatures."

Thus, the tribal war came to an end, leaving only the third human beings who were neither elves nor fairies.

"I am superior."

What the Crown wants is to control humanity from the highest point in the human world.

'That is the fate of the Illuminati.'

It was the role of a control tower balancing between gods and humans.

"I will go to the temple."

He does not know that there is only about an hour left until the end of mankind.

When he finds out, will Crown take the side of God or the side of humans?

"Because I will rule the world."

Although perfection was broken by jailbreak, Shin's win rate was still 99.99%.

Son Yu-jeong, who opened the way for Lete, sat in the wilderness and did not move.

In a choice that would determine the fate of the universe, her hair had been grayed out.

"Yoojung."

Mortasinger put her on the shoulder.

"You made the right choice. Yahweh said Everyone has right in their heart/

"no."

Son Yoo-jung shook her head.

"It is not right. I couldn't afford it. That the universe will disappear because of my choices, I can't decide. So, that's why I handed it over to Yahweh."

"Yoo Jung-ah... ...

Son Yu-jeong cried and turned her head.

"How do you hold on?"

When the choice had to be made, she realized what Shiro was carrying.

"How can Yahweh withstand the weight of all beings, something that even death cannot take responsibility for?"

What are you responsible for?

Weight of Existence (3)

Hall of Evil.

After hearing about the birth of good and evil, Shirone and the others left Lilith's room and walked down the hallway.

"How many evils are there?" Cain said.

"In these halls, evil exists from the beginning to the end. I don't intend to rank it, but it's kind of like a ranking? Most evils only have one line of record."

Every room in the hallway was a study, and the size of the room could not be judged through the door.

"The really powerful evil has a special solitary confinement, but oh, here's Harvits too. Quite high. Ranked 7th. If this is enough, my mother will be able to do it."

The group didn't answer.

"Usually recorded in rooms arranged in chronological order. It would take quite a walk to see the evils of our time."

Shirone found another solitary portrait.

'Mr. Minerva.'

I don't intend to rank it, but it was ranked 87th in the order of the rooms. said Iruki.

"We don't have time."

"Know. You must be meeting Gyorgi. That guy is holding onto a woman named Seina."

Now that the world is being engulfed by Lamie religion, Seina is absolutely necessary.

'A person who will certify the whole story of the Holy See.'

Cain turned.

"Are you okay? I don't know, but Gyorgi is eager. to kill you."

Shirone said.

"It's something I'm responsible for. Giyorgi is a demon born from my emotions."

"It's your responsibility."

It was a word not befitting evil.

"Definitely resemblance. Somehow, Giyorgi didn't look like a demon. well, good I will watch."

end of an era.

"Now, this is the era you all lived in. Wait, was there one of them?"

Cain turned to Curtis and pointed to the room.

"Anyway, since you came to the core, you should get an award. Why don't you go in and erase your criminal record?"

When there was no answer, Shirone called.

"Mr. Curtis."

"No, it's okay. 'Cause now it doesn't matter let's just go Whatever you want to punish." As the group stubbornly stayed in front of the room, Curtis shouted with a frown.

"yes! damn! i killed it! I killed those flowery children! Are you disgusted? Then hate it!"

said Pena.

"You really love those girls... ...

"We were in love!" He knelt down and tore his hair.

"Me and Nia were really in love. yes, cheating A man with a wife played with his daughter's friend, so he wouldn't look human! But my life... ... !"

"Why did you kill him?"

Shirone asked the main point.

Realizing that anything he said was just a rationalization, Curtis dropped everything.

"Edrina, Nia, Belita, and Daisy have been friends since childhood. I was having an affair with Nia. But her daughter found out about her thread. It was Nia's fault. There was a small argument, but in a fit of heat... ... You have spoken her words."

Perhaps she too wanted to give up the opportunity as an excuse.

"That was the day of the trip. Actually, I was supposed to meet Nia on the trip. I told her wife to patrol the area. Because it's common for detectives. But in the end, Edrina found out everything... ...

"You didn't go on a trip."

"yes. I separated from her friends and went to the square. I went looking for the villa address written on the bulletin board. And from there... ... He died by hanging himself."

"How do you know? According to a fellow detective, he couldn't have committed suicide... ...

"Knot."

Curtis's hands trembled.

"It is not a noose tied with a hunting knot. It's a knot method where you twist it once more and put a loop on it. First, I would have stepped on the footrest and tied an old rope to the ceiling pipe. Then hang it by hand to break the line. Remove the scaffolding again and lock the warehouse door from the inside. That's how the secret room is completed."

A scene flashed in the mind of the group.

"Edrina would have settled down and lay down as if she had fallen. And if you tie a rope around her own neck with that knot and pull it hard... ...

The line does not come loose.

"I left like that. my daughter... ... Curtis imagines again.

I saw my daughter lying on the cold floor of the warehouse, waiting for death with her neck strangled.

A single tear she shed.

"I... ...

Curtis turned his head and burst into tears.

"This is the knot I taught you."

"Ever since I was little, Edrina liked that I was an older brother. She must have thought that she would become an apostle of justice who beats up villains. In reality, she is just an old man who does all sorts of chores to somehow live a decent life."

The moment he first found Edrina's body, he remembered memories of his daughter's eight years old.

"My daughter, come here."

"Why, Dad?"

"Come on, hold out your hands. I'll teach you something fun."

After tying the little white wrist in a knot, Curtis twisted it once more into a loop.

"Voila!"

"uh? what? Why can't this be solved?"

"ha ha ha! how?"

As Curtis tickled his side, Edrina, who had been laughing so hard, agitated.

"stop! release it quickly! They scolded me!"

"Now, look at this."

With her daughter on his lap, Curtis used his thumb to free the loop caught between the knots.

"Just bounce it once like this and it will come loose. It's called handcuffs. It's what magicians use."

"wow! Dad, teach me too. yes?

yes'?"

"great. Then shall we try again?" "... ... I was able to solve it."

Curtis felt his soul shattered.

"If I had changed my mind at that moment, I could have easily solved it. But why... ... Aaaaaa!"

Iruki, who had been watching for a while as he hit the ground and sobbed, raised a question.

"The detectives couldn't find the knot...

"I solved it."

When the body was first discovered, Curtis's hands had undone the handcuffs of their own accord.

"I didn't try to cover up my sins. What does infidelity have to do with the yard where your daughter died? I don't know. It's so sad, I just need to untie that knot. I couldn't believe it, so I wondered if my daughter would survive... ...

"But you killed him."

Edrina's friends Nia, Belita, and Daisy.

"When my daughter was dying, I was waiting at the destination where I was going to meet Nia."

It is an incident in another place.

"We were supposed to meet separately, but he brought all his friends. I was annoyed, but now I see that my daughter is gone. She asked what happened and she said Nia was done."

Curtis turned his head.

"How do you think you felt then? The father's feelings when his daughter was caught playing with her friend. I was very angry and got into an argument with Nia. Nia threatened my wife. She will tear my family apart."

Although the end of an affair is always like that.

"I thought I should meet my daughter first. But she couldn't leave Nia alone. her friends too. That's why I locked him in the attic of the villa. When I came back, I threatened to not leave her without her, and she seemed to be a little scared."

"Even so, I could have gotten out."

"If you really felt a threat to your life, what? It was on the second floor, but the windows were open. But it was just like that. We had a burning night until yesterday, and it was always a verbal fight. This time, it was just a little more serious because the family was at stake. Nia must have been thinking of waiting too. Because it's a vacation home that I paid for and rented. Talking gossip about me with my friends. Belita and Daisy must have been exciting."

Shirone said.

"But in the end you never met your daughter."

"I went to Seef Square, where we had met. A merchant I know said he was looking nervously at the bulletin board. It was an ad for renting a vacation home. It was a little strange because it was empty, but on the other hand, I thought it was the only place for my daughter who had no money to stay. Maybe it's because she's the daughter of a detective, so she wasn't afraid and had a peculiar corner. So I called my friend Liber. I can't talk about the details because I'm embarrassed, but I can make up an alibi that I really went to patrol the area. But what we saw in that villa... ...

It was her daughter's body.

"After that, there is no need to explain. I won't make any excuses for not being crazy. It was impulsive at first. But then there was some temptation. I wonder if I can turn things around that didn't exist. i'm just a killer A murderer who knows how to avoid being investigated."

Curtis leaned against the wall and took out a cigarette.

"All common American cases are like that. Coincidence outside of probability. The obsession with life is enormous. When it was treated as an unsolved case, I wondered if I should still live. I don't even remember how it was. and then... ... A letter came to the place where I work."

Chick, lit a cigarette.

- It's not your father's fault.

"Whoa."

said Curtis, who blew smoke toward the ceiling.

"It was so embarrassing that I couldn't stand it. I just wanted to forget I just need to die, but even if I'm gone, it seems like what I've done will still remain. I came to Melkidoo because I was so uncomfortable with it, and I wanted to erase it altogether."

It was the whole story of the Edrina incident.

"Stop going. 'Cause I'll stay You don't have to worry about the penalty. Because there is only one thing left for me."

He intended to expunge the records and end his life.

With the handcuff method of her daughter's death.

'Is that all right, Edrina?'

Curtis threw a cigarette butt into the Hall of Evil.

"Life sucks, really."

"Then live."

Pena approached.

"What will happen if I die? There are things in the world that death cannot be held responsible for."

Curtis didn't know either.

"So what? Do you think you'll even blink if you rot in prison for the rest of your life?"

The prison in Parme, the capital city, was a good place to live compared to Curtis' guilt.

"... ... don't know so it's a sin Because I can't take responsibility, I shouldn't do it."

Pena continued.

"How did you feel when your daughter died? you're doing the same thing now If you die like that, what will happen to us who leave you behind? If you're going to die, die alone in an unknown place, man. Please take some responsibility."

She looked back at Shirone and the others.

"I will stay. Don't worry and go. I will never let you just die."

After thinking for a moment, Shirone turned around.

"let's go."

As the group disappeared, led by Cain, Curtis, who was left alone with Pena, spoke.

"It was a good performance."

"what?"

"Expunge the record and run away. Core is real. You can get on a boat or whatever and find a new life."

It's not that I haven't thought about it, to be honest.

"it's okay. I want to stop."

"What?"

Pena sat next to Curtis.

"There must be many people who have been hurt because of me. What I felt after coming here is that there is no such thing as a new life. If I don't change, my life will be the same no matter what happens."

There is no such thing as a holy place for demons.

"then... ... What now?"

"Let's stay still. Let's not think about what to do. we screwed up You accept whatever judgment the world makes. with a heart of atonement. Nothing will change, but... ... Pena spoke while holding back her tears.

"You don't have to take responsibility for the sins you didn't take responsibility for."

guilt not accountable.

"... ... Right."

In the Halls of Evil, Curtis turned to heaven.

'I'm sorry.'

I ruined everything.

'So, my God.'

If there really is such a thing as a god, if that god has a mind like a human being.

'please??????

don't forgive me

Weight of Existence (4)

In front of the exit of the Hall of Evil, Cain turned around.

"Here it is. Follow this road and you will see the church. Giyorgi is there."

Shirone and the others looked beyond the door.

There was a beautiful grove outside the hall, and over the grove I could see a spire with a bell hanging on it.

Cain continued.

"I made Melkidoo's system, but in fact, they are the true owners of this place. Satanism."

Nade asked.

"What are you going to do?"

Anyway, the first murderer, the back of his head would itch if he left it like this.

"Do not worry about it. Of course, I am evil, but as I said before, I am more of a scholar who majored in evil."

Cain said, stepping back.

"I will be watching. The final battle between good and evil that my mother and I created. When evil triumphs, I will no longer have to hide in a place like this."

"What if good wins?"

At Iruki's question, Cain thought for a moment.

"Well."

and said

"Is there such a thing as victory for good?"

As Cain disappeared into the hallway without leaving meaningful words, Shirone looked back at his friends.

"You're here at last. From now on, it will not be Melkidoo's system. It's a real battle."

The eyes of Iruki, Nade, and Eden changed.

"let's go."

From a distance, the Satanist monastery seemed no different from other monasteries.

However, as they got closer, the decorations, stone statues, and paintings carved on the walls all turned against each other.

"It is terrible."

The group passed the fountain.

'It's usually for small children to pee.'

The decoration of Satanism was the form of a squatting pregnant woman screaming with her hands on her belly.

"Ugh!"

And the fountain of blood exploded.

Nade, who was about to step back in disgust, flinched and then looked at him with cold eyes.

turned the dog

There was a foul smell from the blood soaking the body, but no one evaded the seat.

"Gyorgi."

The leaders and leaders of Satanism opened the church door and were approaching them.

'Gyorgi, Gultan, Marit, Eufrapus'

There was a person Shirone was looking for next to the 4 demons who specialized in defeating the Great Yah.

"Miss Seina."

Her eyes, already influenced by Satanism, were red like blood. said Giyorgi.

"You are finally here. How does it feel to tour the Holy Land of Evil? It's a pretty nice place, isn't it?"

"Give Seina back. that's all i want There's no point in fighting now."

Gyorgi knew that the end was imminent.

"It was pretty close. It seems you didn't spend your time in Melkidu in vain. But it is wrong."

Giyorgi opened the Devil's Bible.

"Asuka Agreement Chapter 7, Section 2. far above

Lie and crawl under The obscenity is there."

Giyorgi's shadow split in two and then a huge hand stretched out.

'Is it the ability to break the light?'

As Shirone balanced the hand with the Hand of God, Marit, the guru of Satanism, stepped up.

"The emblem (magic statue)."

It was embarrassing to look at the form created by the unity of human demonic energy.

Eden wrinkled his brow.

'I don't know what it is, but I really hate it.'

However, now that I knew the birth of good and evil, I could understand the sexual feeling.

'If I expressed the feelings I felt when Lilith crossed the forbidden line in form, would it be like that?'

On the other hand, Shirone paid attention to the emblem itself.

'The emblem collects the demons of Satanists. And attack with the ability of Euphrates.'

The memory of the emblem's spear piercing the Hand of God and being lodged in his side flashed by.

'It's a weapon like Yahweh's natural enemy.'

It is because the emotions of humans who deny Yahweh are condensed, not those of the demons.

"Mika."

_Yes.

Because Melkidu's core is real, it connected with Mika.

'How many followers of Satanism?'

-To date, the number of followers of Satanism is 1,273,018,388 worldwide.

At that time, the spear of the emblem that pierced the side had the power of about 30 million people.

'I won't last this time.'

Even if his life could be saved, the realm of Yahweh would be torn to pieces.

-Due to the influence of Emotional Disease, the number of Satanists rose steeply to the 1.1 billion level. However, growth has slowed due to the recent special wave.

It was a human wave.

said Euphrapus, the elder of Satanism.

"Yahweh, admit defeat. You couldn't prevent the emotional sickness or the change of the law. Why don't you know that it is not good and children that rule the world, but evil and emptiness?"

Iruki accepted.

"You guys can't beat the ball anyway. If we keep going like this, everything will be over." Gultan said with a bashful laugh.

"doesn't care. When that's over, if you disappear together, that's it. If someone blocks you, stop doing it again. It's you guys that I regret anyway, not us."

While the members of the Catacombs laughed, only Gyor looked uncomfortable.

He said.

"Yahweh."

the one who abandoned me

"This is your last chance."

The moment he finished speaking, as if he had promised, Seina moved and stood in front of Shirone.

"This woman was baptized by Satan. She is closer to us than any human being."

Eden shouted.

"Stop talking nonsense! You guys brainwashed me!"

"It's the same for each other."

"what?"

Giyorgi was silent.

"If you want to save Seina, do so. But you will be killed by the demon's spear."

said Nade.

"Hmph, do you think we'll let it go like that?"

"I don't know. What is clear is that time is running out. If you guys lose here... ...

Giyorgi opened the Devil's Bible.

"There is no Ultima."

As soon as the words were finished, Seina charged and Shirone and the others scattered left and right.

'damn!'

Until the end of mankind, another hour.

The end of the previous dream.

Yorahhan's spirit was in Drimo, but her body was still wandering in the world.

how many years have passed

"Sanchi! Sanchi!"

The journey of the two traveled around the world countless times and reached a village deep in the mountains of the East.

"Kiaaa! I will avenge you! Weighty things! do you dare kill me How dare you guys?"

The 17-year-old girl's face was badly damaged, and all the thread veins were coming up on her cheeks.

"Sanchi! Please come to your senses!"

While Sanchi's mother sobbed, an old woman in the village frantically shook the rice container.

"Lord of the Earth! Please help this child! May I find freedom from evil demons!"

"Big!"

The corners of Sanchi's mouth, which had been wriggling in pain, were torn, and a muddy laugh leaked out.

"Quack. Kkkkkkkkk!"

Fear flickered in the old woman's eyes.

"Haaaaagh!"

As if she had seen a vision, she fell backwards and said with unfocused eyes.

"You, such an evil ghost... ...

"Try to do something!"

Sanchi's mother cried out earnestly, but the people gathered in the yard did not move.

"Even the old woman who is the most magical in the village is like that. How do we catch ghosts?"

"Ah, then our daughter... ...

"excuse me."

When the people turned around, there was a man standing in front of them wearing iron armor.

"Aww! It's a goblin!"

"I can feel the energy of evil. If it doesn't bother you, may I take a look?"

It was clearly a man's voice, but somehow it was neutral, and there was no malice.

"Help!"

Everyone was terrified, but the mother who was about to lose her daughter wanted to grab at a straw.

"My daughter was bitten by a ghost! please please... ... !"

Armand entered the shabby house with heavy footsteps clap and clap.

"Kiyi! what else are you?"

He has traveled all over the world and inspired many evils, but this time it was of a new kind.

'Evil evolves too. It's an endless fight.'

Armand said.

"Get away from that child. Your place is where rivers of fire flow and skies of fire and brimstone are."

"Kihehehe! You're talking bullshit! What's the matter with the two bitches burying me alive?"

'Is it a grudge?'

Obsessed with grievous memories, he was a demon caught on the boundary between reality and the other world.

"I understand how you feel, but that was a long time ago. Those who hurt you must have already become white bones."

"How do you know! My anger, my hatred... ... !" Armand placed his hand on Sanchi's chest.

'Small world creation.'

"Quaaaaaaaa!"

People were frightened by the terrible screams, but soon Sanchi fell asleep.

"iced coffee! our daughter!"

Armand said as the mother crawled.

"It is not over yet."

Having recited that, Armand faced the spirit of resentment that was connected to him as one.

In the dark and deep space of the heart.

"Kihehe! Now I see that you are also dead. Can you possess like me?"

The grudge was a form of rotten flesh with dozens of tentacles instead of limbs.

Perhaps it was embodied in the form of fear and struggle when buried alive.

"It's better. The living ones keep trying to kick them out. Now this body is mine."

The eyes of the grudge that arrived at Armand, filming the darkness with its tentacles, widened.

"what... ... ?"

S'geunrut Swirut

One '?- - ? o , ' ? O?

The figure of a woman sharpening a knife, but on the other side, all sorts of monsters were mixed.

"Are you here?"

In terms of grotesqueness, even Han-gwi, who had confidence in himself, was terrified in front of this sight.

"What are you?"

"Stop lingering and cross the river of fire. Lethe of Oblivion will give you rest."

"Are you going to throw away your lingering feelings?"

The grudge's face contorted.

"What are you!"

And the moment Armand stung his tentacle, a huge wave of emotions rushed in.

"Ugh!"

"Forgive them."

i will forgive you too

In the space of the heart, Armand calmly accepted the desire and obsession of the spirit of resentment.

It is indeed a disgusting and repulsive process.

'Right, Jorahhan?'

she could smile

When the small world creation was released, her mind returned from the dark space to reality.

"It is done now. Your daughter is fine." The moment the armor knight got up and left, people fell flat.

"Heaven! Please protect our village!"

'celestial.'

Armand stretched out the tentacles, which were the bodies of the demons of resentment, in all directions from the gaps in the armor.

"Ahh!"

While people backed away in surprise, she walked calmly down the open road.

"I am just a lost man."

Hundreds of years have passed since then.

"Sigh! Sigh!" In the wilderness without a single blade of grass, Armand could no longer walk and got down on one knee.

'It's the limit.'

He had developed his ability by swallowing the horse, but now he could not stand it alone.

"I... ... Now it becomes a sword."

She imprinted on herself as an object.

"Those who have the magic sword will win the world. Good people, bad people, and even ghosts can wield me."

please.

"... ... I want to be a good person." Her lonely monologue will ride her wind and lead her to her Shirone in the future.

'It's been hard, honey. Now I... ... I think I can let you go.'

Parting with Jung In is always sad.

As the Diamond Armament was lifted, a sword was firmly imprinted on the stone floor in the wilderness.

Then the corpse, kneeling on one knee, began to dissolve like dust and tossed in the wind.

'hi.'

Yorahhan.

Terrible Truth (1)

Satan's Church.

Seina rushed at Shirone across the garden where blood was pouring like rain.

"Demon sword Astacia."

The fact that her sword, which should have been a holy sword by nature, is wrapped around dark red demonic energy O

"Miss Seina! Wake up!"

It was not simply brainwashing or hypnosis, but proof that the mind was inclined to evil.

"I'm sorry, Shirone."

Magi burned like flames in her body.

'It's gotten stronger.'

Shirone gritted his teeth at the power that was incomparable to the existing divine power.

'Gyorgi. You son of a bitch.'

"I stabbed the penitent Maximus. I have nowhere else to go back to."

"That was a mistake."

It is only the result of Gultan's mental art.

"Nope."

Seina shook her head.

"It is rather the opposite. I wanted to kill Maximus. But my face, fear, and the shell of being a paladin were blocking my heart." "That is the truth. The human heart wants to be good, but it wants to ruin everything. There is no such thing as a mind that is forever biased to one side or the other."

said Giyorgi.

"It's no use. Seina's conviction is as strong as your conviction is unbreakable. Of course, if it were you, you would do it. You can do that if you want. However, you will die too."

The demon's spear was about to fly.

"This is the ability Seina has been given. Chapter 7, Section 2 of the Asuka Agreement. The effect... ... With my life as collateral, I raise the target's ability to the limit imaginable."

It was a feature of the dark attribute.

"do not worry. Because the universe is not destroyed. No one can imagine anything like that. Asuka used Satan's temptation to experiment on the human mind. How far can a man run when he is given money that never runs dry?"

It must have been a hidden code similar to Siok.

"That's just about it, the human imagination. I don't even know how to deal with the delusion of buying the universe when it becomes a reality. Most of those subjected to Asuka's experiments only produced results that were tediously consistent. Do you know what?"

"... ... I would have bought everything."

"yes. In other words, you could only buy what someone was 'selling'. Only a few humans have done something interesting to escape the notion of 'buy what you sell'. But they also failed because of a lack of imagination."

Of course, like Satan's temptation, after waking up from a dream, he was taken to hell.

"These things are recorded in the Book of Asuka. Of course, you and I can imagine much bigger things, but we can't use this ability on ourselves. The subject of imagination is Seina."

Shirone looked away again.

'Is it the limit of what normal humans can imagine?'

That alone would be the best in the world, but some characters are on the verge of breaking beyond common sense.

"... ... What are you thinking?"

Since Shirone was also an apostate, he could not readily understand Giyorgi's choice.

'The reason why I chose Asuka Chapter 7:2 out of countless abilities.,

Is it really the most powerful card that Katicom, which specializes in warfare against Yahweh, can offer?

"What do you suspect? You can't attack Seina. If you see an empty gap, even for a moment, a demonic spear will fly in. Then it is our victory."

"lie. Seina-san can't catch me. you would know better What are your real intentions? Why did you have to capture Seina-san? There must be a stronger way to kill me."

"No, there is not."

Gyorgi shook his head.

"The many enemies you've faced so far have figured out the best way to kill you. but nobody made it In the battle of efficiency versus efficiency, your history is invincible. but i know you Because I am your demon You can't attack Seina. So this is the most powerful way... ...

On the one hand.

"Come now... ... How about something?" At the point where the end of the world is right in front of his eyes, he wants to know clearly.

'The heart of Yahweh, and the heart that Yahweh has abandoned.'

Perhaps it was more important than winning or losing for Gyorgi.

"Shirone!"

As I flinched at Nade's voice, Maryu's spear hit the spot where Shirone had been.

"I will stop you."

Eden moved and blocked Shirone.

'Strategy to target Shirone's gap. I have to block one shot, even if I risk my life.'

With Jorah's pride.

While Shirone and the others moved at the same time, Seina swung her sword.

It was obviously the strongest blow that humans could imagine, but Shirone found a momentary gap.

'Hey there!'

Gyorgi laughed bitterly.

'invincibility.'

If Catacombs made a mistake, it was that it overlooked the speed of Shirone's growth.

'Now this level is handled by intuition. Yes, you are the strongest in this world.'

At one time, he too was a Shirone.

-Why did you abandon me?

When I was first born in Yahweh's demon, the first idea that came to my mind was this.

-If Yahweh is right, why am I here? If we're wrong, shouldn't we have existed in the first place?

Can what exists be false?

'Win.'

Seeing public love beyond good and evil is the same as Yahweh, but unfortunately, the tendency is the opposite.

'Yahweh, this is my last card.'

Feeling Shirone's agape seeping into Seina, Giyorgi prepared for extinction.

At the same time, the demonic spear struck Eden.

"Huh!"

As the demon's energy penetrated the shield and infused her with fear, she gritted her teeth.

"God Yor."

After succumbing to Harvitz's evil, he vowed never to yield to evil again.

"Give me courage!"

The moment he exerted all his strength, the spear of the Demonic Spirit exploded and Eden's body was thrown out.

"Eden!"

His friends shouted as he rolled on the ground at a terrifying speed, but Shirone didn't look back.

'Purify.'

The moment the demon was pushed out of Seina's body, Giyorgi would also disappear.

Gyorgi closed his eyes as the light gathered in Shirone's palm created a great glow.

'Yes, kill him. Erase evil from the world.'

If it doesn't deserve to exist, it deserves to disappear.

'I won, Yahweh.'

Ultima would not be able to reach it either.

"yes?"

When the agape light suddenly disappeared, everyone stopped fighting and turned their heads.

Shirone was kneeling at Seina's teeth.

He was immersed in deep thought with his hands on his forehead.

shouted Nade.

"What are you doing? Hurry up Seina-san...

At that moment, clear tears flowed down Shirone's cheeks.

"Shirone?"

The dream of victory is over.

Ymir's Depth Level 1.

The eyelids of Shirone, who had experienced Jorahhan and Armand's life together, slowly rose.

'I see.'

It was a dream named Yor.

And even now, Yorahhan's dream was being passed on to the followers of Yogurism through Dremo.

'Huge forgiveness.'

It was the only way for Good and Evil, which had been separated from Lilith, to be reunited.

'It was something I had to forgive.'

Even if everyone throws out the trash, even if each other puts it off... ... .

'Jorahhan did it.'

Even in pain more frightening than death, the most beautiful flower bloomed in the world.

'Right, Armand?' The woman who became a sword to protect Jorahhan's heart did not answer.

-There will be one chance.

I vaguely understood what her words in the last meeting meant.

'thank you.'

It was an honor for her to choose him.

"I won't back down now."

Standing up with eyes that were different from before, Shirone examined Ymir's depths.

Hearing a roar from over the horizon, Shirone looked up at the black hole.

' There... ...

There is the only Ultima left in this world.

Somewhere in the Pyramid of Truth, Kanis clutched her head and screamed.

"Aww! no!"

In the wave of phosphorus, Canis could have denied the possibility every day with Arin.

'I can't. If that happens, I

am......'

lose one's mind

However, even if he endured as it was, all that was left was a hopeless life.

"Great!"

"Canis! You have to be patient! if i lose you

no."

"Ah, Arin... ...

That the girl you've been with since the memory of life began was your sister?

Kanis turned her head and shed tears.

"... ... I love you."

Arin realized through menarche.

Unable to choose any life, Canis thought of taking her own life.

"yes."

Arin hugged him.

"Come with me. We'll fight until the end. I will not give in to fate."

Harvest, who was in charge of ending their lives, embraced them with long arms.

-Are you okay with this?

Kanis nods, then Harvest's body vibrates for an explosion.

"It's not over yet."

I heard someone's voice in the dark.

"Mr. Ares?"

Zulu, who had accompanied him, approached Canis and handed over the bodily fluids of the sturgeon Amoros.

"drink. You should be able to hold out for a while."

It was a disgusting liquid just to look at, but I didn't even pay attention to the yard that was determined to die.

"??????uh?"

It was just in case, but the bodily fluids of Amoros had an unbelievable effect.

"The human wave is receding. how... ... ?"

Ares said.

"They said it was a creature that lived in an ancient pyramid. I'm glad it worked. Let's go find Shirone."

"There is no need for that."

Zulu pointed to the darkness on the other side, and after a while Shirone appeared with Glenn on his back.

A blush appeared on Ares' face.

"You're here. You managed to find us."

"It is difficult to see that it was found. Because Rukia-san led us here."

"What are you talking about?"

Rukia, who had followed Shirone, looked at the inner structure of the pyramid and said,

"As expected, it was right. I don't have much time now. We have to leave right now." Canis, supported by Arin, asked.

"You're leaving? Where?"

This place was a pyramid of truth that lost not only time and space but also the direction of life.

Rukia turned around and said.

"To meet God."

She led everyone from the front and made her way through the maze-like path without hesitation.

Arin asked.

"Do you really know the way?"

"Nope."

Rukia turned the corner and said.

"I don't know the road at all. just... ... You go where your heart moves."

Shirone added.

"It is no coincidence that we gathered at the Pyramid. From the beginning, God wanted to bring Rukia. In other words, you don't need to know where God is."

Ares groaned.

"It means that God is where Rukia thinks. But why? Why does she want her?"

"I?... "

It was a fact that I realized like fate.

"You can call on God. maybe."

Amidst the silence, the party continued to turn around the corner at a brisk pace.

And finally, where we arrived... ... .

"Here."

It was the last room at the top of the pyramid, which I thought I would never be able to find.

"God is over there."

On top of the altar Rukia pointed to, there was an electrical device like a vacuum tube.

The Horrible Truth (2)

Se-in and Kang-nan looked stunned.

"Oh my gosh... ...

There was no sound in Ymir's body from Gaold's furious fists.

As soon as Gaold threw himself into a fist, Ymir's head snapped back.

"Big!" The dizzying shock was stronger than cracked lips or broken teeth.

'What's with all these guys?'

He fought against many strong enemies, but he was the first to push himself this far.

"Let's see... ...

Not minding the shaking of his broken arm, Ymir thrust out the other fist.

'Bakum Press.'

Gaold's eyes widened as he clenched the giant's fist with both hands, and there was a crunching sound.

"Kuu!"

And for the first time, Ymir moved away from Gaold of his own will.

The fist was crushed.

Even Sein, who was cool-headed under any circumstances, felt absurd at this moment.

'Could this happen... ...

What came out of his mouth was aggression.

"Aren't you winning?"

They are crushing the King of Giants, who is said to be the strongest creature in the history of Heaven.

As if seeking confirmation, Sein looked back at the maze.

"What do you think?"

She also said that Gaold could make it this far.

I didn't even dream of the line, but I thought, "How much will it hurt?"

That's why it was heartbreaking.

"Now Gaold... ... How sick are you?"

Since it was Ymir, the atmosphere of the two who had been forgotten for a while soon became solemn.

"Sigh. Sigh."

Gaold was unfocused.

'Where are you?'

All I could think of was fragmentary images, nothing left in my brain.

"ah??????

I was fighting that guy, what's his name?

"Ymir."

"Gaold."

Ymir smiled.

"That is a wonderful name. All of your achievements must have been contained in that one word."

Gaold was speechless.

"That's really cool. Ymir. cool maze. cool. Guffin, Ogent. Ashur. Uriel. Yes, Lian."

'......We are?'

Se-in and Kang-nan were slightly moved, but Lee Mir only looked back into the void.

"After training one's individuality to the limit, one reaches a level that cannot be approached. So who is the strongest among them? This is a very interesting question. In the end, some people lose, but no one thinks they lose."

Talking a lot meant feeling good.

"I think I can beat any opponent. Not because it's perfect. He absolutely trusts his weapon and wants to fight with it. I've beaten a lot of guys so far, but actually winning or losing doesn't mean anything. Importantly, Ymir's eyes turned black again like ink.

"The fight itself. All you need is a battlefield where you can fully show off the level you have reached by risking everything."

"Fun."

The speed of Gauld, who moved through the suffocating life, gradually increased.

"Looks like you haven't been hit yet."

"Cheuk, that might be."

Ymir clenched his shattered fist and threw it at Gaold's face.

The moment it touched the barrier of the air press, an earthquake occurred along with the heat again.

"Big!" Gaold's expression crumpled like a demon, while Ymir's lips went all the way up.

"You were the strongest."

Although it would have been better if we had met in real life.

"It was a nice dream."

As soon as Gaold's body was thrown out, the earth began to split in a radial pattern.

Kurleung!

Kang Nan, who had been staring blankly at the endless waves of the land, hurriedly jumped out.

"Gaold!"

Ymir's condition was also not good.

He looked up at the fingers that had all bent in strange directions.

"Is this the end?"

At that moment, a flash of light from the side struck Ymir directly in the head.

Ymir, who savored the shock with his neck bent about 20 degrees, slowly turned his head.

"What are you?"

Shirone walked with Louver and Mong-ah.

"Ymir, Ultima... ...

"iced coffee."

Ymir waved his hand.

"You don't have to talk about complicated things. I don't even want to hear it If you want something, fight for it."

It could be said that she was a perfect martial artist, but Shirone, a wizard, had a different idea.

'There's no point in fighting here. Retrieving Ultima is a priority. No, at least... ...

We must escape from Ymir's dream.

'I will be independent of simultaneous events. That's probably why the lore dream began.'

In other words, Shirone in another space could not accept Jorahhan's enlightenment.

Shirone headed for the black hole.

'The priority is to extract Ultima and leave.'

According to Louver, Arius had already entered, but the chances of returning were slim.

"hey."

Ymir didn't like Shirone.

"I see that you are interested in a distant place, so decide quickly whether to fight or die. Because it annoys me."

Fighting against people who use combat as a means rather than a purpose is just a headache.

'Guffin. Your son is more like his mother.'

It was for this reason that Ymir did not mention Ikael's name in his match.

The maze has arrived.

"Shirone, go into the black hole. Arius must have done something. I'll take care of this."

Ymir laughed.

"Of course you are funny too. But still don't you know? The reason I picked Gaold as the strongest isn't because of force."

Ymir's wounds began to heal at breakneck speed.

"It is the spirit of a bastard."

As soon as all the broken parts were restored, Sein bit his lip and clenched his fist.

'Right. It's not real. Incarnation to the end. If the mind is restored, the incarnation is also restored.'

In other words, it is a conflict between mind and spirit.

If it was Gaold who had the most extreme spirit, he would destroy Ymir's incarnation... ... .

'Miro's mind is specialized in defense. There is no choice but to have a penalty here.'

Gaold, who changed the form of an incarnation in someone else's mind, was abnormal.

Then an unexpected voice was heard.

"Go, Shirone." Gaold was walking with Kang Nan's support.

"Hoo?"

Ymir was also surprised.

"I definitely had a bursting taste. haha. Well, you are also an incarnation. It really is an obsession that knows no bounds."

Gauld said to Shirone.

"go."

"But... ...

"I can't stand it for long."

No matter how strong the obsession was, there was a limit to recovering the incarnation in the mind of another person.

"please."

The moment Gaold gave a small nod, Shirone threw herself at the black hole.

Ymir did not pursue.

'it's okay!'

By the time the landscape on the ground went far away, Shirone was relieved, but the black hole was farther than expected.

'There is Ultima.'

And finally, Shirone's body was dragged into an extreme gravitational field.

It was the speed of light.

Shirone was in darkness. 'Here?'

His body was being dragged along by the inertia of countless stars converging toward one place.

It was dizzy to imagine all these stars colliding at the same time, but it dawned on me vaguely.

'Time is running backwards.'

When I first opened Immortal Function in my school days, it was like a nightmare I had every night.

It's called portraiture.

'I see.'

it was feeling

Information cannot cross the barrier of the speed of light, but the mind can transcend time and space.

The planet gradually disintegrated, and Shirone's body began to dissipate in the form of particles.

'Nevertheless, it exists.'

I now realized what is the last thing that makes up a human being.

'Before becoming me, the concept of me.'

Following the path guided by imaginary time, Shirone dug into a space smaller than a particle.

Strings of light that even integrated time vibrated, and countless events were repeating birth and extinction.

'Only possibilities remain... ... boundaries of the outside world.

In the feeling of being one with the other, Shirone felt that the concept of herself was expanding.

'Integrated.'

It's like... ... It was a huge explosion.

Kanis asked.

"Now, do something. How can I summon God? You said you could."

The reason he was so excited was probably because his resentment and anger toward God were so great.

'Appear before my eyes.' To appear means to materialize, then at least you can fight.

'My stomach boils to death.'

Rukia, who was looking affectionately at the unconscious Glenn, strained her eyes again.

"It is an integration of concepts."

"integrated?"

"No matter what. This world splits in two the moment it exists. Because we cannot define existence without each other referring to each other."

Shirone, as well as everyone else, realized something during the journey so far.

"Only God can define it as one. Good and evil, light and darkness, existence and nothing, it doesn't matter. When you put the two together, you get an idea that doesn't need to be defined, and God will only appear in that concept."

It was a plausible hypothesis.

"Right."

Ares said.

"God's right hand and the devil's left hand. It was no coincidence that I had one more ability."

"Yes."

Rukia raised both hands.

"God's right hand relaxes the mind, the devil's left hand twists it. Then, what if I join hands and activate my abilities at the same time?" Shirone said.

"Taegeuk will happen. Neither side backs down, it will cycle endlessly."

Rukia nodded.

"God could borrow my concept and appear."

"But Mr. Rukia."

Shirone understood Taegeuk.

"When it becomes infinite, even the concept of existence disappears. When the number two of the law is broken, you cannot be defined."

Shirone is an infinite wizard because she can exist with infinity.

"I am??????

Rukia looked at Glenn.

"I decided to forgive. Glenn would have had to do the same. When she was poor, she may have approached me with admiration, but she may not be her love... ...

she smiled.

"I don't want to define it. As long as I can hug Glenn with my heart, it doesn't matter."

do not define

'Sacrifice with all your heart.'

Realizing that they couldn't stop it, Shirone backed away, and Rukia turned to the device.

'Glen.'

to save the entire universe.

'I love you.'

Loving only one person is enough.

'Oh God.'

Rukia, who held her hands together as if praying, activated her ability while gently closing her eyes.

'Have mercy on us.'

When the god's right hand and the devil's left hand worked simultaneously, Rukia's heart spun.

The pyramid vibrated, and all the letters engraved on the inner wall began to glow blue.

'Electric.'

Everyone realized the moment the energy generated by the rotation of yin and yang was concentrated in the device.

'Ultra-ancient civilization is a generator.'

Also, the electrical energy gathered here must be enough to pierce the curtain of the outside world.

"God... ...

An unprecedented event in human history.

"It descends." "Shirone! what are you doing?" Shirone, who was shedding tears in front of Seina, heard Nade's voice.

'I don't know. Why is it so heartbreaking?'

It wasn't the first time it happened.

Even when I broke up with Amy, when she went to the sun, and even at this moment.

'Perhaps I... ...

Will I be burdened with great sorrow in the future?

Shirone was defenseless, but Giyorgi was not even moving.

'Choose, Yahweh.'

Is it implementation or integration?

There is only one thing needed to achieve what no one in Good and Evil has ever done.

Shirone slowly raised her head.

"sacrifice."

The immortal function opened, and Shirone's body began to spread with a brilliant light.

the terrible truth (3)
A village near 
the Pyramid of Truth .

Most of the people ended up leaving, but a few people stayed in the village.

"Dad! Dad!"

Arti, an 18-year-old girl, was thrilled with the realization of a story she had heard since childhood.

"Dad was right! Pyramid! The Pyramid of Truth is shining brightly!"

"Arty!"

The stout-built father stood up.

"Dad made it clear! Don't even come close to the Pyramid of Truth! It is not a place for people to go!"

"But we are fine. As Dad said, you know the ballot. He didn't even leave town."

"Ha, I really can't stop. Dad is getting old because of you."

said his wife, looking out the window.

"It seems that the time for the prophecy has come. Honey, shouldn't Arti know now?"

"yes! Uh!"

Dad, lost in thought for a moment, went into the room and brought an old wooden box.

"Come here."

Dad, sitting in front of Artie, opened the box and found an old parchment document.

"what's this?"

The father smiled at the slightly disappointed daughter's tone.

"Guild oath."

" Guild?"

Dad looked out the window.

"No one knows when the Pyramid of Truth was built. But the king who founded the ancient Paras, Pharaoh, seems to have known the secret passed down through oral tradition. So Pharaoh made his own tomb the same as the Pyramid of Truth. He believed that if he fell asleep there, he could one day be resurrected."

"So you resurrected?"

"Arti, death is the privilege of the dead. Eternal sleep or the decay of the body are just thoughts of the living. The resurrection will be the same."

"Hmm."

It was like I didn't know.

"The important thing is that the ancient pharaohs knew the existence of gods. Perhaps it was handed down in secret. But besides Pharaoh, there were people who knew the existence of God."

Dad heard the guild oath.

"Masons who had to search for the Pyramid of Truth and build a pyramid identical to it. This is the oath of secrecy of the ancient masons' guild (Freemason) that they gathered together."

Arti looked at the seal at the top of the oath.

"Hoo."

A pupil in the same triangle as the pyramid emitted a brilliant halo.

Dad said.

"This is an exhibition plan. It is also called the Eye of Providence. The eyes of a god that sees through all of this world. Dad's dad, grandfather's grandfather, if you go all the way back like that, you'll find our ancestors who built the pyramids."

"Then, what about the phrase that Dad taught you?"

"yes. The ancient masons' guild had mystical powers. It seems to have been put into practice now, but I don't know. Is it going to continue its life somewhere? All Dad knows is the phrase he heard from his grandfather."

That alone made the girl's heart tremble.

"That's why we didn't leave town. Everyone has changed strangely."

"right. But... ...

As the inside of the house flashed, Dad turned his head.

"Looks like we have to leave now." When the electricity that wrapped around the pyramid struck the sky like a thunderbolt, space was torn apart.

Arti approached the window.

"... ... Exhibition view."

One eye was contemplating the world.

"Aaaaa!"

Rukia bounced out of the inside of the pyramid, which was all wrapped in electricity.

As she fell to the floor, her body convulsed and her eyes trembled in shock.

"Miss Rukia! Wake up!"

What did you see?

The mind that had already passed into the realm of infinity could not be returned in any way.

"damn!"

The group looked up at the ceiling, following a bunch of electricity gushing out of the mechanism.

The bricks soaked with electricity were as transparent as glass, and God's eyes stayed in the sky.

'I've seen it.'

Shirone said to the group.

"I'll be back."

said Canis.

"Go with me. He has business to do."

"no."

Shirone was adamant.

"I am going alone. I don't even know what's out there, but I can't put it in danger."

"Don't be condescending. I admit that you are strong, but I also have my own fight."

"Canis."

Shirone said soothingly.

"If you go, Arin will say he will go too.

Will." "Leave it to me. If that eye were really a god, they might be able to negotiate."

I realized it when I went to the Maika ruins.

'It may be my own illusion, but I was definitely trying to convey something. About the guffin... ...

"Shirone."

said Canis.

"If you don't listen to me, grab me by the collar and bring me."

"yes."

He knew better than anyone how I felt, so I was grateful to him for willingly yielding to me.

"Whoa."

outside world.

I vaguely guessed it, but it was the first time I faced the reality head-on.

"I'll be back."

The Miracle Stream enveloped her body, becoming particles of light like dandelion seeds that pierced the wall.

Ares murmured as he looked up at Shirone, who materialized outside the pyramid.

"Yes, please come back."

Because I can't make my younger sister a widow who hasn't even gotten married.

The members of the Catacombs left the enemy in front of them and rushed towards Shirone.

"Abominable Yahweh!"

What Shirone was trying to do was self-evident.

'Purification of Melkidu.'

In other words, it was to embrace the sins of everyone here.

Gyorgi thought

'Are you serious?'

If I had been able to forgive in the first place, I wouldn't have thrown it away like vomiting disgusting things.

"You hypocrite."

Gyorgi's voice gained strength as he walked forward.

"You really can?"

The evil that is terribly selfish, seeks only pleasure, and leaves everything to others.

"Huh huh r

After opening the Immortal Function, Shirone embraced Mel Kidu's everything in her heart.

It was a terrible feeling.

'Evil is evil.'

I hate it, I hate it, I hate it so much.

'It's a contradiction.'

Shirone doesn't know Yorahhan, but how can a great forgiveness mean knowing someone's dream?

'sacrifice.'

Just like Rukia did.

'If you love, you can sacrifice. I might give you my life But why my... ... '

Should I hug the devil?

The moment he faced that contradiction, his heart was rather stained with turbid anger.

"Die, Yahweh!"

As the Catacombs rushed forward, lightning struck around Shirone.

"Thunder god's judgment."

Nade, who raised the incarnation of the god of thunder, glared at them with a terrifying face.

"If you approach it, it will kill you."

Eden has arrived with the support of Iruki.

"Something is strange."

The Spirit Zone, which should have spread infinitely, was rather collapsing inside.

Iruki said.

"You are caught in a logical contradiction. You can't swallow Melkidu. If you continue like this, you will rather be stained with evil."

Shirone's heart was screaming.

' Why'?'

Was I really a hypocrite?

'I don't know. they don't do anything Am I the one who always has to sacrifice? I bear, I forgive,

I, I, I everything... ...

Shirone stopped thinking.

" ah."

Harvits said.

- You say you go to pick up the garbage alone for the rest of your life, you idiot.

'I see.'

Why do we need to forgive evil... ... .

'Only one.'

because it is good

"Huh!"

Shirone's face was tearful, but

The spirit zone spreads rapidly again to infinity

lost.

"Aaaaaa! no! don't do it!"

Feeling a different temperament than before, the demons in the catacombs knelt down and grabbed their heads.

'really?'

Gyorgi didn't believe it.

'With perfect goodness without the slightest bit of malice, with a heart that has reached the pinnacle of goodness... ... Forgive me?'

Integration of Zen and Ae.

'yes.'

Shirone's gaze turned to Guyorgi.

'I don't resent anyone. I'm not sorry. i do it because i can

Will.'

Since not a single bit of evil remains, Shirone is not a hypocrite, but a true goodness.

So, get rid of the pretense.

'really... ...

let's forgive

After embracing everything with extreme sacrifice, the Spirit Zone spread at a tremendous speed.





Cuckoo Cuckoo!

As Melkidu's system was purified, the entire island where the Hall of Evil was located began to shake.

Took. Took.

Debris fell on Curtis and Pena's heads.

The moment Shirone's feelings were conveyed through the Spirit Zone, he felt a huge sense of forgiveness.

Pena asked.

"What are we going to do now?"

"I don't know."

Curtis turned his head.

"It's not something we can choose."

After being silent for a while, the two of them clashed their fists with bitter smiles.

Hall of Evil.

Sitting down in Lilith's room, Cain looked up at the portrait with a calm expression.

Cuckoo Cuckoo!

Even at the moment when his life's achievements disappeared, his mind remained only in the past.

Tears flowed silently.

"Mother."

I try to smile, but the only thing that moves is the corner of my mouth.

"I was wrong."

The Hall of Evil has collapsed.

"Huh! Whoops!"

As time passed and the light of purification grew stronger, the members of the Catacombs shed tears.

"Yahweh. us, us... ...

Because no one, not even one human being had ever truly forgiven evil.

"Save me."

The demons evaporated in a huge catharsis, and Nade looked at the gradually becoming transparent Si Lone.

"I will be back."

"of course. Because it's an infinite wizard."

At that moment, Giyorgi, the only one left among the demons, opened the Devil's Bible.

"The Satanic Revelation. Chapter 32."

It was the last page.

"Satan said, Fear not the good. Everyone is just a hypocrite, so raise the forces of evil."

"That guy is all the way!"

The moment Nade was about to step out, Eden stopped him.

"for a moment."

Giyorgi's voice was calm.

"Hypocrites will persecute you. prepare for the temple Get the victory by means of evil."

Is it so, Yahweh?

"Do not be persuaded. don't try to convince There is no mercy for those who forsake us."

can we be you too

When all human beings achieve an integrated mental system that is perfectly right.

"Dries the seeds of goodwill."

We too are not evil, ugly, and disgusting.

"Clear the name of the line."

Thoughts that we can do because we are human, something we can control because we are human, sometimes it becomes joy, sometimes it is the coolest and happiest thing in life... ... .

with emotions.

"Remember, my children." can i be saved?

"As long as there is even one line left in the world."

widely.

After closing the Devil's Bible, Giyorgi calmly closed his eyes and waited for the extinction.

"There is no shrine to the devil."

Melkidu disappeared in a huge flash.

And at the same time... ... .

Shirone's consciousness, which was running toward Jin Seong-eum in the underworld, spun around.

"Keugh!"

In the state of Choeni Bardo across the boundary between reality and the other side, the integration of emotions is a real shock.

Of course, it was half the shock, but it was a powerful demon that made me lose my mind.

'no. A little further... ...

With her eyes on the Valley of Lamentation at the end of the horizon, Shirone fell to the ground.

The black monks that filled the sky flew in.

-Now! Bind Yahweh!

The moment when uncountable chains bind Shirone and black clouds cover the land.

Aaaaaaa!

With a flash of light, the tangled black curtain was torn apart.

"Pooh!"

Lian, holding Shirone in his arms with his left arm, appeared brandishing a great straight sword.

"Hey, Shirone. What's wrong all of a sudden?"

There was no answer, but his eyelids trembled as if he was fighting something.

Yahweh's heart is in the process of integrating good and evil, but Lian can't know.

"... ... What's going on?"

Someone's scream echoed in the Valley of Wailing.

the terrible truth (4)

Anchal said.

"Emperor Phehe , Pama Mineral Star, 10 minutes left until power transmission is complete."

The reason why his tone was more pious than usual was because Jin Kang was facing death.

"Cool!"

Jin Kang spilled blood.

"Hehe."

A half-mad madman.

Although he admits it himself, he was rather enjoying this feeling.

'Voice.'

There seemed to be no chance to see her daughter's face.

'Will I want such a luxury?'

"Your Majesty, please command me. Information once transmitted cannot be retrieved. The only chance to turn back is now."

Despite the psychological burden, Jin Kang looked at the temple with soft eyes.

"Thank you."

I hope there will be no regrets whatsoever.

"your majesty."

Anchal tried hard to hold back the tears welling up in his one eye and sent a determined look.

"Please tell me."

Jin Kang's face turned into that of a demon.

"Kill him."

It's all fake.

Lian ran and ran.

"Move!"

Shirone's body was as light as a feather, but the weight of her life was greater than that of Lian.

"Yaaaa!"

The sword of the yaksa that protects the lord split the beast.

'There is no end.'

Outside the wide open field of view, more black monks were gathering than now.

'The remaining distance... ... About 40 kilometers.'

It is a distance that can be reached in an instant if one is determined and runs, but it was a problem to break through the tough terrain.

'No, it's a problem even if you arrive. Shirone is defenseless while purifying the chain of true voice.'

Lian made a decision.

"I will protect you." Because the sword does not judge, Shirone's life was the top priority in any situation.

The Black Vulture flew again.

- Foolish sinner, why do you reject purification and disturb the laws of hell?

The unfathomable colony rotated like a whirlwind, concentrating its power.

"Whoa!"

Lian grabbed the Daejikdo in reverse and rushed.

'Don't worry, Shirone.'

The moment I clenched my teeth, the world vibrated and tremendous power surged into my right arm.

"Yaaaaa!"

The moment he turned his shoulder, the muscle on his forearm evaporated, and the colony of black monks exploded with a bang.

-Oh oh oh oh... ... .

Hearing the faint scream, Lian looked at his right arm, which only had bones.

Smille. smille

Ogent's lineage began to repair the body, but it was decidedly slow.

'It's not long.'

Even if it was an idea of ??divine transcendence, there was a limit to the restoration ability of living things.

"It's fine."

Reinforcing his barely recovered right arm, Lian grabbed the great sword and walked again.

'Even if I'm broken... ... <Idea> is not destroyed.

After escaping from the Pyramid of Truth, Shirone stood in front of a huge hole in the sky.

The All-Seeing Eye was watching him.

"What are you thinking?"

Shirone asked, but the pupils did not show any reaction as before.

"Do you think you are defining me?" It's not scary.

However, I wanted to do everything I could here before leaving for the unknown.

"Is the guffin there?" What kind of accident was the reaction at the Maika ruins, the whole eye did not move.

"Answer... ...

A Photon Cannon floated in Shirone's hand.

"I mean!"

As a single flash of light headed for a hole in the sky, the same flash flew from the other side.

It was like throwing a ball into a mirror.

"great."

Apparently, God didn't want to compromise like a gentleman in their own world.

"If you want that, I'll go in." After finishing Simho Home, Shirone wrapped the Miracle Stream around her body and flew into the hole.

When the head passed the boundary line where the flashes collided, the all-eye disappeared and a black space appeared.

'Yania Idum.'

It was because if there was no light, there was no way he could see his hands.

Nothing, or such a concept.

'A reversal of thinking.'

Having already experienced in high gear, Shirone quickly regained her thinking.

"Will something be different?"

High gear is a lower level of reality, but the outside world itself was nothing special.

' just??????

space is changing.

"It is a unique concentration method called sequence method."

Ethella said.

"If any of you have ever counted from 1 to 100, either mentally or verbally, please raise your hand."

While the students of Alpheas Magic School raised their hands, Shirone was indifferent.

'Everything is just a huge illusion.'

Just by thinking about it, I go back to my alma mater's Class Five integrated class time.

Ethella continued.

"like. So, who has ever counted from 1 to 1,000?"

While the students looked around, Shirone also took a closer look at the familiar face.

I could see Nade, who was still unfamiliar with him, and Iruki, whom he had clashed with from the first meeting.

'haha! You guys are really young.'

Of course I would too.

Even though he smiled slightly, he soon turned away from them with sad eyes.

'This is not my world.'

It is just one of many universes multiplying infinitely like a bubble.

"A sequence formula is literally a technique of arranging numbers. Unlike language, numbers... ...

Ethella stopped talking.

"Shirone?"

When Shirone met her eyes, Ethella thought with a serious expression.

"you... ...

she asked.

"who is this?"

The students of the advanced class all turned to see Lorne, but there was nothing to say.

"No, who are you? You are not Shirone."

Ethella was convinced.

Her eyes, which had been sparkling with interest until just a second ago, had completely changed.

'I'm not a student. No, even such a comparison is meaningless, the eyes that have reached the end of the world.'

her instincts spit out.

"????God?"

The students groaned.

"What are you talking about? Why is the teacher like that all of a sudden?"

It seemed that a commotion was about to break out, and Shirone stood up at the thought of being a nuisance to this world.

"Teacher Ethella."

the person you admire the most.

"thank you."

With a sense of farewell, Etella held out her hand.

"Sleep, wait... ... !"

It was a dark space again.

"Whoa."

What is going on by now in the universe that he had been mistaken for a while ago?

'It's a meaningless assumption.'

Literally, there are infinitely many such universes.

'I can't go back from here.'

Based on High Gear's experience, Shirone can find where her heart resides.

"The god of the outside world."

Now was the time to build a fence.

'I must have come here too.'

What did he realize and where is he now?

'no way?'

Shirone stopped walking.

In a space where only illusions exist, there must be only one way to meet God.

'The only illusion.'

When he turned his head, his reflection was like a mirror.

'But there is no mirror.'

As Shirone slowly approached, he on the other side closed the distance in the same way.

His hand reached out slowly.

Ymir's black hole.

Shirone, who came to his senses in a great sense of unity, arrived in a dark space.

I tested the world of illusion, and when I thought about Nane, my steps suddenly stopped.

'The only illusion.'

Since God is the result and unique, there is only one place where any delusion can reach.

Shirone turned her head.

'But there is no mirror.'

Shirone of the two simultaneous incidents approached with exactly the same gait and touched hands.

After savoring it for a while, Shirone lowered her hand, and the mirror phenomenon returned to nothingness.

which Shirone?

It was the Shirone who received Yorahan's dream, and the one who did not receive the dream.

'There is no contradiction.'

Shirone realized why she was disconnected from reality in Ymir's dream.

'It was blocked by a barrier of logic.' There is no contradiction here.

Infinite freedom to do right no matter what, that is the identity of the Ultima system.

'It must have been sad, it was me.'

Did he cry out in the vast emptiness that even the extremes of emptiness could not bear?

'We should meet, me too.'

Extracting Ultima was the priority.

However, being the only God in an infinite delusion cannot undo cause and effect I_ U

? =

'There is no going back to the reversal of the accident. Even if you get Ultima, if you can't bring it to reality... ...

After finishing her resolution, Shirone recalled.

" god."

Many people will imagine their own gods, but no matter what they think of, there is only one God.

That one illusion finally moved Shirone to the place where the god resides.

A material that is too smooth to be called stone and too soft to be called metal.

It was an all white space.

'Is this the universe at the highest level that mankind can reach?'

No, it's not.

'I'm just holding on to the result using imaginary time. Human potential does not end here.'

If the chain of cause and effect created by God is broken, humanity will stretch farther into the future.

Perhaps that is the message left by Guffin... ... .

'Beyond infinity.' Taking the first step calmly, Shirone walked down the hallway, devoid of personality.

For the first time his eyes saw something else.

"Hehehe! Hee hee hee!"

Arius, lying down like a dog, was spinning around.

"Uh hee hee! month! month! Hee hee hee!"

Shirone reversed the accident again and called.

"Mister Arius."

He suddenly stopped moving, turned his head, and came closer to Shirone.

"Uh, uh? Ha ha ha! You're here! It's finally here! Shirone!"

"What happened?"

Arius bowed continuously.

"Oh oh! our god! Save man! Take this poor body! Fuhahaha!"

I was half crazy.

"By the way, how many universes have you traveled?"

Everything is momentary, and everyone ends up like this when wandering around in those countless illusions.

"Whoa, whoa!"

Arius wept.

"It's all futile. You can go anywhere, you can be anything. No dogs, no insects, no air. God is infinitely huge, infinitely vast... ... . no one can stand it In the first place, we couldn't even be insignificant!"

that is infinite

"Aaaaaa! I am nothing! rather kill it! This fucking space where even death becomes an illusion... ... !"

"Mr. Arius!"

Arius shut his mouth at Shirone's remark.

"Calm down. It's just a god trait. You know. With Ultima, even humans have the strength to fight. can you extract it? Miro said he would have made a move."

"maze."

my master

"Extraction is simple."

Arius spread his arms.

"Here, Ultima. take it. Whether it's digging through a wall or sucking in air. All the concepts that make up this place are Ultima. It's the exact opposite of reality. Integration is a natural phenomenon here. No contradiction. If you just throw out that effect, the cause will take care of itself and become a combination."

His hands covered his face.

"Ha, the problem is that there is no going back. we're stuck here I'd rather not come."

After understanding the situation, Shirone stood up.

"Where is God?" Arius' body

trembled



"Did you meet?"

no At that silence, I think I'm going crazy



"Going... ... want to

In silence, in vibration."

"So I have an idea to go back. Where is God?"

We have to find a way.



"where?"

Arius laughed.

"Of course, where God is."

For a moment, it felt like electricity was flowing through their bodies, and then a borderless white space opened up.

It was all about a glass ball the size of a human head floating 3 meters above the line of sight.

It's not really accurate.

It is only estimated by seeing the electricity of various spectrums spread in a spherical shape as if trapped in a membrane.

"Is it you?"

Yurigu replied silently, but Shirone sensed that the electricity pattern had changed.

'That's it... ...

Super-intelligent computing device, God.

continues in the next volume