
[323] Second outing (1) 





Arriving at the Karmis family, Shirone looked at her clothes and walked to the arch of the front gate. 

A carefree garden unique to Karmis stretched between the white iron bars. 

The guards who were vigilant about the surroundings with fierce eyes remained the same. 

As expected, as Shirone approached, without a doubt, his right hand moved to the handle of the scabbard he wore around his waist. 

"stop. What business have you come for?" 

What was different from half a year ago was that he used honorific language. 

The guards at the aristocratic mansion basically shifted every 4 hours, and the positions they worked every month were different, so there was no way the guards at the time were here. 

Even so, the reason why he couldn't treat Shirone carelessly was because he felt an unusual prayer that was different from that of the criminal. 

While attending magic academy for a year, Shirone's appearance also took off the traits of a mountain boy to some extent. 

In particular, the high level of mental power that was raised through experience and training gained in actual battles emitted an aura that even guards unfamiliar with magic could feel. 

"Amy is my friend. Is Amy inside?" 

The guards tilted their heads as if wondering, then looked back at each other and signaled with their eyes. 

Shirone had entered Amy's room half a year ago.

However, since that day, since he was Amy's boyfriend, there had been no cases of permission to enter, so it was natural that the guards, who did not know the incident at the time, could not be trusted. 

"There are no guests booked today. If you have business, please follow the procedure separately." 

It was the answer as expected. 

Shirone licked his lips and turned around. 

She came to visit, knowing that if she was lucky, she would be able to get right in, but things got awry, so she had no choice but to write a letter and send it to the mansion. 

"It's okay. Let me in." 

Just then, a welcome voice was heard from inside the front door. 

When Shirone turned back, Adele, the head of the Karmis family, stood there with a smile on her face. 

The backs of the guards stood upright. 

To them living together in the mansion, Adele seemed to feel like a messenger from hell. 

Crossing the front door with his cane, Adele stopped in front of Shirone and looked into her eyes. 

Recalling the memory of half a year ago, Shirone prepared her mind in advance. 

The technique of snow pressing he experienced for the first time. 

If he was the head of the Karmis family's house, he wouldn't have been at his best, so he should be alert. 

But Adele didn't come up with any technique. He bowed squarely and bowed politely. 

"Welcome, Master Shirone."

Shirone stayed in a daze, relaxed, then hurriedly came to his senses and lowered his head. 

"Yes, how have you been?" 

"Heh heh, there is nothing different about the daily life of an old man. It looks like you're here to see Miss Amy." 

"Yes, I'm sorry for coming without a message. Are you at home?" 

Adele scratched her eyebrows in embarrassment. 

"You are aware of the situation. In fact, maybe that's why Miss Amy has been feeling a little sick lately. The other day, Miss Seriel came to visit, and she just went back." 

"Ah, I see." 

As for Seriel, she was Amy's best friend. If it was enough to send her back, she said that Amy was also her true heart. 

But Shirone did not give up. 

"Please tell her that I am here. But if you say she don't like it, I'll just go back." 

Adele hesitated for a moment, then nodded. 

In fact, she's been puzzled by the atmosphere in her mansion since Amy failed her graduation exam. That said, he wasn't the type to show her annoyance on the outside, so he couldn't calm her down and just watched her. 

But with Shirone, things might change. 

Anyway, this boy is the only friend who can enter Amy's house as a man. 

"All right. Please wait." 

After giving instructions to the guards to respect Shirone, Adele climbed into the carriage waiting in the garden.

'It's been about half a year. What the hell happened?' 

As the carriage started, Adele's expression became serious only then. 

Pressing on men approaching Amy was a pastime and little fun that only the head butler could enjoy. 

But this time she didn't even dare to try pressing. 

It was because Shirone's mind was much sharper than before. 

No, even the expression sharp was not enough. 

'Eerie.' 

The moment I made eye contact to try her pressing, I felt the hairs all over her body stand on end. 

The overall temperament didn't seem to have changed much. 

His intelligent, bright, and benevolent personality was the same as the one he had seen half a year ago. 

However, the energy felt in his eyes was subtly sharp. 

'Something else lives. A very terrifying monster... ... .' 

It was a fact that he could feel because he became the butler of the Karmis family, the best family. 

I can't guess what it is, but once it harms me, it will surely jump out and chew itself up and swallow it. 

The moment our eyes met, Adele realized that such a situation could never have happened. 

It was such a violent and extreme monster. 

'Is it okay if I let you in? Of course, there's no way he came to visit his friend with an uncontrollable mindset... ... .'

Adele withheld judgment on this. 

It is because there is no way Shakora, the head of the household, does not know what she knows. Of course, the parties had nothing to say. 

When I thought about it, I smiled bitterly. 

'... ... What a crazy boy.' 

How long ago had it been that I had a brief tingling feeling? 

Shirone sealed such a monster deep inside. 

'You've gotten stronger in half a year. It's a really great talent.' 

The Karmis family is known as the lineage of geniuses. In particular, Amy's talent was unrivaled among the family. 

However, the breadth of Shirone's growth was beyond imagination. 

If Amy was the fastest sprinter among humans, Shirone was a giant whose stride itself was on a different level. 

'What drives him?' 

As the carriage stopped, Adele's thoughts also stopped. 

With unanswered questions in mind, he opened the door to the mansion. 

Quite a bit of time had passed since the graduation exams were over, but there was still a rather pious atmosphere. 

It was a difficult problem for Adele, who had lived her whole life loving the colorful atmosphere of the Karmis family. 

"My lord." 

Shakora, who was reading the paper, turned her attention.

"Shirone-kun came to visit Lady Amy. She is, but the lady has notified her house that she will not meet anyone... ... ." 

"Hmm, Shirone?" 

Shakora understood Amy's feelings. 

How can she not stand now that her tight-knit daughter did a mess on her graduation exam? 

However, if it was Shirone, there was room for examining her intentions. 

Even though Seriel was rejected, the feelings between men and women are completely different. 

Isis, who was listening in the kitchen, came out and spoke. 

"I'll ask Amy first." 

Isis climbed the stairs and entered Amy's room on the second floor. 

After a moment of chatter, she came out of her room, came over to her railing, and shook her head. 

With that, Adele, who had conveyed her Amy's will, bowed her head without a second thought. 

"Then I will send Shirone-kun back." 

"No, let them come in." 

Isis made a worried expression at Shakora's words. 

"But honey, Amy... ... ." 

"It's fine. When she saw Shirone at school, she asked her to come find her. It's not polite to send her back like this. Yes I want to meet you Let me in." 

"All right." 

Adele left the mansion with a much brighter face, thinking that she could at least not disappoint Shirone.

10 minutes later, Shirone arrived at the mansion. 

Shakora sat on the couch waiting, and just in time Isis brought out a tray of tropical fruits. 

Shirone walked over to Shakora and bowed her head. 

"Hello, Father." 

"Yeah, welcome. Sit down." 

Sitting on the sofa, Shirone waited for the conversation to begin. 

When he came in, he heard that the atmosphere in the house was not good, so he did not mention Amy first. 

Like Adele, Shakora sensed Shirone's subtly sharpened temperament at a glance. 

At the time of the graduation exam, he did not have time to look closely because he was worried about his daughter, but when her daughter failed, he became interested in Shirone's performance as a parent. 

'The kingdom's best prospect... ... .' 

Of course, this is an evaluation that excludes seniors. 

However, I did not think that Shirone's rating would drop significantly even if the senior class was included. 

She didn't reveal it to Amy, but her father was Shakora, who was so zealous that she scrapped articles that were happening in the magical society after she entered school. The student he listened to until his ears were worn out was Dante. 

When Shirone defeated Dante, the first in the kingdom, even he in the world couldn't help but be surprised. 

But looking at it now, it wasn't a fluke or luck. 

In the eyes of the monk who spiritually formed a family, a desire to transcend the world was burning.

Adele called it a monster, but thought it was Shaco. 

It was also Shirone. 

'It's not something you can get anywhere. Are latent tendencies manifested in an acquired nature? But how?' 

I have already received the anecdote about the harsh things that happened in Kazura Kingdom. Even so, it was too transcendental for an 18-year-old boy to embrace. 

Realizing that she hadn't spoken to her for a long time, Shacora smiled bitterly as her father returned to her arms. 

"Actually, it doesn't hurt too much." 

"Yes, I know." 

Maybe it was, I thought. 

But the reason he didn't think it was a lie was that it could be a condition more serious than physical pain. 

Shakora scratched her head in difficulty. 

"I honestly don't know. It doesn't look like it's particularly difficult, but it looks a little disheartened. Would you understand?" 

"of course. I would have too." 

Rather, it is bearable at first. 

Since this has already happened, you may decide to start over. 

However, if you think that you have to repeat the training for a year or so, failing the graduation exam will come to your bones. 

With each passing day, the regrets would grow heavier and the sense of shame would weigh on his heart endlessly.

"Amy is strong. Since I was 12 years old, I really did my best to come this far. Maybe that's why the wound is deeper." 

"Yeah, I'd better leave it alone for now. Anyway, that's how Amy is now." 

Shakora declared surrender with a shrug of her shoulders. She meant that she couldn't help her daughter's mood. 

Turning her gaze to the second floor, Shirone confirmed that her Amy's room was tightly closed. 

On the day her graduation exams were over, she seemed to hear the sorrowful cries she heard outside her dormitory door. 

"May I go up?" 

Isis said with a puzzled expression. 

"I asked, she said Amy was sick and she said to send it back. She blindly approaches the child's personality... ... ." 

"haha! That's when you get hit, well." 

Shirone replied humorously. But on the other hand, she also communicated that she would never give up. 

Shakora sighed and sighed, lost in her thoughts. 

Only Shirone can understand Amy's heart 100 percent in her. 

Also, the stubbornness of her caring child meant that Amy's condition was much worse than she expected. 

If she doesn't have a breakthrough, her shock therapy would be a good option. 

She said, "I want to go to Amy's room. I won't allow it." 

"thank you."

Shirone left the sofa and climbed the stairs to the second floor. 

Isis, who was watching the scene, asked Shakora with her anxious expression. 

"Honey, what are you going to do? Amy's personality... ... ." 

"It's fine. You probably understand Amy's current state of mind better than anyone else. In fact, she's Shirone. When she goes back, she's gone. But if she wants to meet her until the end, it means she can't stay like this." 

"And what if things get worse?" 

"Because it's okay. More than anything, she is Amy's trusted friend." 

Isis glanced at Shakora and pursed her lips. 

'Why are you praising a boy? her daughter fool... ... .' 

======================================= 
[324] Second outing (2) 





of Amy Arriving at the room, Shirone caught her breath in front of her door. 

In the meantime, I listened to the sound inside her, but I didn't feel anything special. 

It wasn't until she pounded on her door with her fist that her blankets rustled. 

With a poem that cleared her voice, you said. 

"I am Shirone. I'll go in." 

The sound of the blanket moving disappeared like a lie. 

After waiting for a long time without an answer, Shirone spoke again. 

"If you don't open it, I will open it and go in."

There was a clunky sound of something falling from the bed, followed by ferocious thumping footsteps. 

The door burst open, revealing Amy with her blushing face. 

"What, what! Why did you come all of a sudden and make a fuss!" 

"I was worried because he said he was sick. But doesn't it hurt?" 

Amy let out a sigh of relief. 

She had already figured out a long time ago that poor lies don't work with Shirone. 

Amy withdrew as if to come in and turned to her bed. 

"I think there's some misunderstanding, but it's not that I avoid people, it's that I just want to rest. I'm trying to organize my thoughts." 

"Yes, I know." 

Shirone burst out laughing and closed the door. 

Shakora, who was reading her newspaper, raised the corner of her mouth when she heard the door slam shut in Amy's room. 

"You have passed the 1st gateway." 

Isis also shrugged her shoulders in surprise and headed to the second floor with tea. 

Normally, I would sit in Amy's room and chat with Shirone, but this time, I set her refreshments and left her room. 

This meant that he would delegate full authority to Shirone. 

Sitting opposite Amy across the table, Shirone burst out laughing when she saw the teacup. 

It was because of her memory of Amy squirting tea in her own face half a year earlier. 

She said Amy was thinking the same thing.

However, it was a dark history for her, so she erased it from her mind and raised her teacup. 

"So what's up today? You're not trying to take me to a strange place again like last time, are you? I want to take a break this vacation." 

"Yeah, that's why I came. to give you a rest." 

She asked Amy with a face that did not understand. 

"Are you going to let me rest? how?" 

"Go on a date with me." 

"Puuuuuuu!" 

The tea water in Amy's mouth came out like mist and wet Shirone's face. 

It was supposed to stop in moderation, but the water baptism didn't stop until everything in her mouth came out. 

Shirone slowly opened her eyes and spoke in a low voice. 

"this... ... I think it's the second." 

Amy rose, her face red, licking her lips. 

"What, what are you saying! You fool!" 

She wiped her mouth with a tissue on top of her storage cabinet, then pulled out a few more and threw them at Shirone. 

Shirone rubbed her face and said. 

"Every winter they hold a festival in the Leth Mountains. I usually wanted to go, but if I had an idea, I thought we would go together." 

It was definitely a surprise. To think that Shirone, a model student recognized by the world, would like to go out to play. 

"Are you talking about the old castle? The remains of the Ice Queen. there i know I've never been there because I was busy."

"yes. Let's change our mood for about 2 nights and 3 days. To be honest, I haven't been motivated lately, so I needed to recharge. There won't be anything dangerous this time, so let's go and have fun." 

Amy rested her chin on her head, lost in her thoughts. Her most troubling problem was that it was her two-night, three-day trip. 

"You and me without friends? Where are you going to sleep?" 

"I just need to find a place to stay. We can have discussions at night." 

"Aha... ... ." 

Amy was at her speechless. 

In short, it was a story about using one shot, but since she spoke so confidently, it was an atmosphere that made it impossible to doubt. 

"Are you... ... ." 

Amy shook her head as she tried to say something of her own. 

She was sure, and it seemed that if she brought up a strange story for no reason, it would only scratch and bruise. 

"Why? Is there anything that's stuck? In my opinion... ... ." 

"No, it's okay. wait outside I'll get ready and go. If you tell Dad you're going there, he'll have a carriage waiting for you." 

"Okay, I'll be waiting for you below." 

When Shirone came out earlier than expected, Shakora and Isis looked at each other questioningly. 

However, when she heard Shirone's words, she immediately agreed. 

"Oh, the ruins of the Ice Queen... ... ." 

Shakora recalled her memories of her youth.

When he was dating Isis, he also took the ice queen's ruins as a date course. 

"It's a beautiful place. romantic." 

"Yeah, I heard that. But they said it would take some time to look back." 

Shakora chuckled. 

"That's not even the charm. That you can't come back in one day. ok, let's go I'll wait for the wagon. If we leave now, we will be able to arrive tomorrow morning." 

Shirone let out a sigh of relief. 

From her parents' point of view, they are worried about sending their daughter alone with a man. But Shakora went even further and offered her advice. 

"When you arrive at the old castle, look for an accommodation called the Snow Crystal. Because me and her wife also stayed there. You will be able to make good memories." 

Isis turned to her husband with her bewildered expression. 

Her lips twitched as if she was about to say something, but she lost her timing as Amy came out of her room. 

"Shirone, let's go. Dad, I'm going to the winter festival." 

she said as Amy came down her steps in her bunny-haired red winter coat. 

How quickly she rolled her hair, the smoke still rising from her wavy hair. 

Isis, who knew that she wasn't usually decorated, was quite surprised by her daughter's transformation.

Shirone also looked at Amy, who was much more mature than she had seen at school, for a moment, stunned. 

Then she came to her senses and said hello to her parents. 

"Then I will go." 

"Yes, be careful." 

It took more than 10 hours to reach Les Mountains, so she had to run diligently from now on to arrive in the morning. 

As Shirone and Amy left the mansion, Isis asked her husband, narrowing her eyes. 

"Snow crystals?" 

"Why? What is it like there?" 

"Are you saying that now? Have you forgotten how we even got married? Because I was twisted by you then and there... ... !" 

"haha! Was it? Anyway, you were nice too." 

Isis put her hand on his waist and snorted. Apparently, Shakora didn't know the seriousness of the situation. 

"What are you thinking?" 

"If you are going to use shock therapy, you better do it properly. When the blood rushes to her head and then comes down, she wakes up." 

"and then? What if it doesn't come down?" 

"It's a matter for Amy to decide anyway. If she's eighteen, she's an adult. She's nothing else, she's her body, so she's on her own." 

Isis shook her head.

The red face, a characteristic of the Karmis family, expresses the best talent in whatever field it chooses. Therefore, the family has created a family tradition that emphasizes human free will, away from restraints and disciplines, from generation to generation. 

If you let your talent flow, you will make a family no matter what you choose. 

The greatest strength of the Karmis family was the lax spectrum, where members of the family were engaged in almost all occupations. 

The moment discipline and oppression enter, talent is blocked. 

Shakora, who knows that better than anyone else, has been grazing Amy since she was a child, so she even went astray at one time. 

However, if this was Hong's history, Isis had no choice but to accept it. 

"Are you sure you can handle it? If you talk about it later or say something to Amy, I'll get really mad at you." 

"Getting behind? Why am I doing that?" 

Shakora opened her newspaper and read it. The thought of her daughter had long since been erased from her mind. 

"Shirone should do it." 



* * * 



Heaven Northern Hemisphere. 

permafrost tundra. 

In Heaven they call it Optrus. 

It was an electromagnetic net pattern that had been floating on the cold winds of the north for eons. 

The fact that the pattern of information exchange is close to infinite means that it is a divine being in a sense.

But Optrus could not become a god. 

To the Optrus that arose in the tundra, the environment of heaven was a boring and dull space without stimulation. 

He has no learning without stimulation. 

It was the same logic as if a baby abandoned in the mountain would become a beast if he did not leave the mountain for the rest of his life. 

That is why Optrus has lived for a long time repeating meaningless and simple information exchange. 

Then one day, a crack went to the labyrinth's space-time. 

Small changes that organisms cannot even feel. 

However, for Optrus, it was as thrilling as birth and extinction and a huge stimulus. 

An aurora spread over the tundra due to the huge magnetic field emitted by Optrus. 

A 3-second crack in the labyrinth's space-time. 

Optrus broke through the gap and escaped to a new world. 

His first destination was the Leth Mountains. 

The electronic network that composes it quickly absorbs and learns unfamiliar environments like the brain of a newborn child. 

The place where Optrus could get the most information was the castle site located halfway up the Les Mountains. 

Numerous humans were running around, and everyone was spreading information like an explosion. 

At a level that even he couldn't perceive, Optrus sucked in all the information based on his instincts. 

Electromagnetic networks were blazing in an infinite pattern, breaking new ground.



* * * 



Arriving at the Leth Mountains around dawn, Shirone and Amy ate a meal at a food stall before arriving at the ticket booth at the old castle ruins. 

The entrance to the ticket office was also crowded with tourists. 

After waiting in line and buying a ticket, Shirone opened his eyes wide at the spectacle unfolding in front of him. 

"wow... ... ." 

The old castle site was completely repaired with ice as its material, not stone or soil. 

As the sun's light caused diffuse reflection, everything reflected in my eyes sparkled like diamonds. 

Even the spirited Amy's face turned red in front of the scenery she was seeing. 

Shirone was satisfied. 

Even when she was taken to the Galliant Ruins, things went awry from the start and she was embarrassed. Wasn't it not enough for him to fight against the parrot mercenaries and follow him to heaven and pass the ordeal? 

In order to make up for his hardships at the time, he vowed to have a pleasant trip this time. 

"Let's go. It's gonna be fun." 

Shirone and Amy moved along the snowy field. 

The rainbow bridge connecting the towers, the railings along the battlements, and the stairs inside the castle were all made of ice. 

'This is why it's called a winter festival.' 

Since the structure would collapse if the temperature rose, the site had to be closed even in early spring.

Eventually, when summer arrives, the ice melts and disappears, leaving only the dreary remnants of the castle. 

As if the memory of a winter day was a midsummer night's dream. 

"Shirone, let's try that." 

Amy pointed to a food stall. She was selling ice treats, a specialty of the winter festival. 

Shirone put a cold ice snack in her mouth and chewed it. Strawberry syrup was mixed with white snow and frozen. 

"Okay, I bought something to eat. Where should I look back?" 

"Of course, we should go see the Ice Queen first." 

Amy took Shirone and headed for the castle. 

The main castle was the least lost among the historical sites. It was a structure with a staircase on both sides in a 120-pyeong hall, but the left staircase had collapsed a long time ago and had been repaired by carving ice. 

Wouldn't it be strange if it was warm enough that the ice wouldn't melt? It was definitely warmer than outside as people gathered there. 

Shirone and Amy entered the corridor on the 1.5th floor connecting the stairs on both sides. Where the central balustrade jutted out into the hall was the Ice Queen. 

Shirone approached the Ice Queen. A beautiful woman stood with her eyes closed in a huge block of ice. 

======================================= 
[325] Second outing (3)





"This is the Ice Queen. She is as pretty as rumored." 

"Eight hundred years ago, it was an era when wizards were denounced as witches. In a sense, you can say that she is a woman of misfortune." 

Amy told a brief story about the Ice Queen. 

The Ice Queen was originally a wizard. 

At the time, she was under the rule of the priesthood, so she lived hiding her identity, but there was no way to hide her beautiful appearance. 

When her lady's beauty spread through word of mouth to her royal castle, the old king himself summoned her. Her king fell in love with her at first sight and took her as his queen. 

However, the darkness was already growing in her heart, who had been pursued by the Holy Church all her life. 

Hundreds of innocent people were tortured and died in the name of sorcery experiments. 

As her people died, her queen's magic grew stronger. As her magical powers grew stronger, the queen went mad. 

Her sorcerers are extremely rare. This is because the series itself is a job that strengthens the spirit. 

However, if the mind is destroyed for any reason, a serious situation occurs that is different from the mental illness of ordinary people. 

As the spirit and magic become assimilated, the magical power becomes uncontrollable. 

Wizards called this phenomenon magic match. 

Captivated by her madness, the queen froze everything around her. 

Her icicle-strewn room was like an ice cave in the Arctic.

Furniture such as beds and dressing tables, as well as handmaids and servants who used to help, were frozen to death. 

As her affairs grew out of control, her king built a small castle in the Leth Mountains and made her his queen. Her word was her queen, and it was tantamount to exile. 

But even there, her queen's eccentricities did not stop. 

The first thing she used as her test subjects were dozens of attendants. When they all died, this time they captured the people and continued the cruel experiment. 

After a year, no one was left in the small castle in the Leth Mountains. 

But she was satisfied with the queen. This is because she finally reached the desired state after a long experiment. 

"I would go to sleep where even time is frozen," she says. The day I return, the world will kneel at my feet." 

The queen casts her last spell, encasing herself in a giant block of ice. 

That was the anecdote related to the last appearance of the Ice Queen that Shirone was watching. 

"Hmm, that's right." 

Shirone moved a little closer to her ice queen. 

After hearing the anecdote, she felt a sense of reality. The way she closed her eyes and went into hibernation also made it look like a person from 800 years ago was sleeping. 

Amy finished the story. 

"Perhaps she was tormented by guilt even when her mind was destroyed? I think that's why she devoted herself to magic that even made her freeze."

"It could be. If true, that would be great." 

A wizard cannot be killed by the magic he casts. 

Although not impossible in theory, it required a will that transcended omnipotence to cast self-harming magic. 

"Because if the Spirit Zone is shaken, the magic won't be activated. It's something ordinary wizards can't even try." 

"Hmm, maybe it's closely related to the magical power matching phenomenon?" 

Shirone stroked his chin and fell into his thoughts. 

Amy burst into laughter at his unnecessarily serious look. 

"What is so serious? It's just a legend anyway. It is unclear whether the Ice Queen is a real person. There is a theory that she was modeled after a violent queen at the time. Now she's just a doll made of wax that's trapped in ice." 

Shirone knew that the winter festival was not based on real history. 

"yes. But it looks so real." 

Even Amy acknowledged the doll's sophistication. Since he was the main character of the festival, it was only natural that he put his sincerity into it. 

Shirone and Amy moved closer to see the queen trapped in the ice. 

At that moment, her ice queen eyes flashed open. 

"Aww! what!" 

Shirone and Amy simultaneously hugged each other and stepped back.

Tourists turned their heads at the sound of screams. However, he soon realized what was going on and burst into laughter. 

Realizing that she was in Shirone's arms, Amy rushed out. 

Her face flushed red from her embarrassment, and she screamed, stomping on her prickly floor. 

"Bah, you idiot! There's a device on the floor. If you step on it, the doll's eyes will open." 

"Who knew? And you're surprised, too." 

"Who is surprised? It's because your voice is so loud. Anyway, men have a lot of fear." 

Shirone pointed to her Amy's whitened face. 

"haha! Your face is pale for that?" 

"... ... Oh, so what? Shall I make your face paler? If you vomit your stomach, you'll get sick of it like soup." 

As Amy approached, stroking her fist, Shirone, who had slinkyly avoided her gaze, looked down at her floor and murmured. 

"If you're surprised, you can say you're surprised, I'm not a bully... ... ." 

"what? bully? yes i'm a thug What do you want?" 

Amy sharpened her fist and pecked at Shirone's side. Shirone, his ribs throbbing, fled down the hallway, struggling with his arms. 

"Hahaha! don't do it! It tickles me!" 

"Where are you running away! Aren't you coming?" 

Their voices echoed through the hall. 

Tourists didn't even care.

It was a festival ground, and a great date spot for lovers. 

However, after discovering Shirone and Amy, the three students from Ains Magic School couldn't take their eyes off of them. 

To be precise, they were the graduates who passed the graduation exam this time. 

Eins Magic School, one of the two magic schools in Creas, wasn't as prestigious as Alpheas Magic School, so the awareness was low. 

Above all, even after graduating, you couldn't automatically acquire a magician's license like in a prestigious school. 

Of course, the reality is that if you submit a diploma, most guilds give you a wizard license. However, it was true that considering the privileges of graduates of prestigious schools, their pride as fellow graduates was hurt. 

"The couple over there... ... Aren't they pretty famous?" 

Ludvans pointed at the railing with his chin. 

He was tall and had curly hair, and he was wearing elongated colored glasses, which made him look much more mature than his age. 

"Oh, is that so?" 

Vivian also recognized Shirone and Amy at a glance. Perhaps it was her complex that the corners of her eyes drooped a bit, she was a girl who drew her eye lines more fiercely than others. 

Like most magic school students, they were constantly reading the Spirit Journal. 

Most of the pages are occupied by the introduction of prestigious schools or students, but the sales performance of academic journals was much higher in non-prestigious schools.

In the case of a prestigious school, there is no need to buy books and read articles about the school they attend or the rivals they compete with. 

"Arian Shirone and Karmis Amy. what? Come to think of it, Zocre, do you know Amy?" 

"Of course you know very well." 

Zocre, the party's leader, pursed his lips. 

He was of medium height, with bushy hair, narrow eyes and thin lips, revealing a stubborn personality. 

For Zocre, Alpheas Magic School was a painful past. 

He took classes there until he was thirteen and then transferred to Eins Magic School. 

The fact that he confessed to Amy and dumped him right before he transferred was a secret that even Lud Barnes or Vivian did not know. 

She, of course, didn't transfer because she was dumped by a girl. 

It would not be an exaggeration to say that the best talents in the kingdom would gather at about 5 prestigious schools like Alpheas Magic School. 

Moderate talent is only a fertilizer for geniuses. 

Joe Kre thought he couldn't win the competition and looked for another way to transfer. 

In fact, most of the students attended prestigious schools and did not graduate until they were old enough. 

From that point of view, it could be said that Zocre's judgment was excellent. 

However, looking back at the reality, it was extremely rare to transfer from a prestigious school to a non-prestigious school.

It must be because prestigious families have their own pride. 

Pioneering a different path to avoid competition seemed like running away from the students' point of view. 

Before entering magic school, all of them were talented people who were praised as geniuses, so sky-high self-esteem must have played a part. 

'huh! Whether it's a prestigious name or a signboard, it's all just bluff. What's the point of pride when you can't produce results?' 

Zokre had always thought that way. 

However, it is also true that if you ask yourself if you have any regrets about leaving the prestigious school, the answer will not come out immediately. 

"Oh my gosh. I never thought I would see them here." 

Vivian was memorizing everything about Shirone and Amy. Confined to school life, I was confident that I knew more than their families. 

It was a common occurrence for students of non-prestigious schools. This is because the students who are introduced in Spirit journals are the goals and idols they want to become. 

"That boy is Shirone. You're the one who beat Dante, who boasts an undefeated record. In addition, the red-faced Karmis Amy. I heard that the two are lovers, but the rumors seem to be true." 

The word lover drove a nail into Zocre's heart. The fact that even after five years had passed, Amy's heart pounded when he saw her made him even more angry. 

"Anyway, it's a student nabbing. You don't pass the graduation exam because you hang on to prestigious schools. to be anxious. No need to be intimidated. We are regular wizards."

Having said that, Zocre muttered to himself. 

'I haven't gotten my license yet... ... .' 

After all, he is not the snoring Zokre he was when he was thirteen. He proudly graduated from magic school and is currently undergoing formal wizarding procedures. 

Amy, on the other hand, has failed her graduation exams in a pretty good way, so when will she get a chance to be more condescending? 

"Let's go. Since we haven't seen her in a while, shouldn't she say hi?" 

Ludvans, following behind Zocre, added a word with a polite expressionless face. 

"Of course, from the senior position, right?" 



Shirone, unaware of the approach of Zocre and his party, was gathered at the end of the corridor on the 1.5th floor and was being lynched by Amy. 

"Ahaha! okay! Wrong! Stop now!" 

"You are laughing. It's just the beginning!" 

Her mischievousness kicked in, and Amy stabbed Shirone's ribs even more tenaciously. 

Shirone's laughter exploded like a bomb. 

"yes? Where did you hear that voice?" 

A handsome boy who was looking around the history exhibition hall on the third floor heard their voices and turned his head toward the railing. 

On the 1.5th floor, where the Ice Queen is displayed, I could see Shirone and Amy fooling around from a high angle. 

"Are you here for a date?"

Apparently, Shirone brought Amy to comfort Amy, who had failed the graduation exam. 

The boy watched until there and turned away without thinking. 

'Well, that has nothing to do with me. Let's turn off the attention.' 

In addition to having a personality that doesn't care about other people's affairs, in particular, interfering with men and women was never acceptable. 

'Where is the antique art exhibition?' 

The boy sucked the straw of the iced coffee in his hand and disappeared into the depths of the exhibition hall. 



After finishing the grappling, Shirone and Amy went up to the second floor. 

At the end of the collapsed wall, a rainbow bridge made of ice was installed to cross over to the spire on the other side. 

"Wow, it's pretty." 

Precision craftsmanship was put into the decoration of the balustrade, and when standing in the center of the arch, the ice garden spread across the castle grounds could be seen at a glance. 

After passing the rainbow bridge and going over to the spire on the other side, there was a mini game room installed. 

It was a game in which you had to defeat the target in the picture of the soldier standing on the watchtower on the other side, but the throwing weapon was snow that was scattered all over the place. 

"now! Challenge yourself. 10 silver for 10 snowballs. If you defeat the soldiers, you will receive the Ice Queen's stuffed toy." 

After hearing the moderator's explanation, Shirone turned her attention to the Ice Queen's doll in the product section. 

She was a three-headed doll that could be held in her arms, and she was smiling brightly with large, sparkling eyes.

It was a completely different atmosphere from the witches in the legends I heard in anecdotes. 

======================================= 
[326] Second outing (4) 





"Snow 10 silver for 10 bundles, 1 silver per piece? It is very expensive." 

Her childhood was a culture shock for Shirone, who grew up in the mountains and never experienced anything like a festival. 

But Amy took it for granted. 

"Because tourist destination products have a premium. Besides, that stuffed toy of the Ice Queen is quite famous. It's strategically made by the borough, and you can't get it outside of the winter festival. The types of dolls are different every year, so there is even a collection." 

"Oh, is that so?" 

Shirone's eyes sparkled. 

If she was a festival limited edition, it was natural for her that the price would go up as time went on. 

If she could win the game, she wouldn't lose much money even if she paid 10 silver for 10 snowballs. 

"Okay, I'll try. I'm looking forward to it." 

Shirone paid 10 silver. 

"Give me 10 snowballs." 

"Here comes another brave man. May the ice queen's protection rest upon you." 

I don't think anything good would happen with the Ice Queen's protection, but I thought it would be because her character itself is a tourist product. 

Shirone is handed a box of her snowballs.

When I entered the game room, there was someone who challenged me first. While I was waiting, I picked up and touched a lump of snow in a box, and when I touched it, it was thick and heavy with water mixed with it. 

'Um, this should be enough range, right?' 

Throwing itself is not a problem. 

However, when I looked at the challenger, I was able to send snowballs to the spire on the other side only through a hole in the wall. 

Since the throwing angle is limited, it is not easy to produce ball power, and the accuracy will be considerably lower. 

"Whoa, it's surprisingly difficult, isn't it?" 

The challenger who failed the challenge stepped back wiping his sweat. 

Those who visit the annual winter festival know how difficult it is to ride the Ice Queen's collection, so they're not disappointed. 

Following the moderator's guidance, Shirone entered the game room, put down the box and held up one of his snowballs. 

Measuring the distance by rolling it with his fingers, he threw the snowball with all his might, opening his body wide. 

The snowball passed through the window and fell down under the force of gravity, breaking the wall below the watchtower. 

I could hear the delightful laughter of the tourists. 

Normally, Shirone would have laughed, but his face heated up in front of Amy watching. 

Unwilling to look back at her, he hurriedly picked up her next snowball and analyzed her failures. 

'I can't raise the angle, so I can't get the old power. This is much harder than I thought.'

Well, since it was a game with a festival limited edition as a prize, it probably wasn't designed for anyone to succeed. 

"profit... ... !" 

Shirone clenched his teeth and threw his snowball. 

He was able to meet the distance narrowly, whether he had the result of his determination. However, the snowball passed the soldier's target and fell somewhere far away. 

"Whoa! Whoa!" 

Shirone, who had come to the trouble, threw snowballs in succession. 

Since I had the experience of succeeding in Thunderstrike at once, I thought that if I gradually reduced the error, I would succeed in the end. 

But he realized it when he threw five. 

'Isn't it more difficult than thundering?' 

The rules are simple, but it was never a random game. 

It made it look like anyone could succeed, and the throwing angle and distance were skillfully adjusted, making it impossible for anyone other than a natural strong boner or professional to succeed. 

After throwing 10 snowballs, Shirone gasped for his breath. 

He was hot even in the cold weather and sweat beaded on his forehead. He was wearing an armand, so he couldn't even take off his coat. 

Shirone shyly bit his tongue and went back to Amy. 

"Ugh, sorry. failed." 

"What do you have to be sorry for? It's just a game. Anyway, that would be really difficult." 

Through Shirone's challenge, Amy guessed that the difficulty level of the game was the highest.

Analyzing with Hong's Eye, there were not many routes that could reach the target if force, gravity, and air friction were all calculated. 

"ha ha ha! Failed spectacularly. Those who are students of magic school. I'm going to die of embarrassment." 

Shirone and Amy looked back at the same time. The muddy-haired boy approached with a sneer. 

In the back, a tall, curly-haired young man and a girl with heavy make-up stood arrogantly as if defending the rear. 

"Long time no see, Amy." 

Jocre held out her hand, and Amy remained motionless for a long time, lost in her thoughts. 

After she entered magic school, she didn't really know anyone other than her school friends. 

Especially if it's a man. 

"Hey, I'm sorry... ... who are you?" 

Zokre's face crumpled. 

How could she not remember herself? 

Even if she had refused, it should have been an unforgettable memory for her to have been confessed to by someone. 

At least Zokre thought so. 

He said that she had never confessed to a woman before, but if that happened, she would be proud of it for the rest of her life. 

"You don't know, are you pretending not to know? Zocre. Alpheas Magic School. Do you really not know?" 

"Zocre? Zocre... ... ." 

Amy, mumbling, opened her eyes wide and pointed at Zokre.

"Ah ah ah ah ah! wow! You are really old." 

It wasn't a welcome surprise, but the exaggerated surprise gave Jocre a shrug in front of his friends. 

The person who recognizes her is none other than the world's Karmis Amy. 

However, it wasn't that she approached her alumni to talk to each other, so she raised her chin and lowered her gaze. 

"Hey, shouldn't we formally greet each other?" 

"yes? what greetings?" 

Jo Kre ran his arm through his friends behind him and pointed at himself with his thumb. 

"From what I hear, it looks like you're still in school, but we're full-time wizards. In other words, he is an unofficial 10th level wizard." 

official wizard. 

Amy felt her heart pounding. At the age of twelve, she entered the Alpheas Magic School, a word she had never left her mind for a moment until now. 

She prayed that her own face would not harden, and her Amy held out her hand to her jocre. 

"I see. congratulation. I graduated after all." 

At the time, Amy was thirteen. Little of her memory of her jocre survives, but her contempt for him when he fled from one school to another was as clear as it felt. 

A smile spread across Zokre's lips. 

Her Amy's poker face was perfect, but she could see her heart without opening her chest.

The world-recognized genius of the Karmis family is watching him in the position of failing the graduation exam, so he must feel resentful. 

'Hey, how are you? The feeling when you kicked me was much more miserable than this.' 

Zocre turned his gaze to Shirone, who was standing in a daze. 

"You see a celebrity here. Ariane Shirone. He said he was the best prospect in the kingdom?" 

Shirone remained silent for the time being. He was aware of the fact that he did not approach with a friendly mind. 

"As a senior, can I give you some advice? Prospects are only prospects after all. The true victory comes after becoming a formal wizard. Well, if you're good enough, you're quite successful for an idiot. ha ha ha!" 

Amy shouted with an angry face. 

"Zocre! What do you mean? Apologize to Shirone quickly!" 

"why me? I didn't even say anything wrong. Oh, was it an open secret? But giving up will be good for your mental health. that have already been published in academic journals. There is no one among the students who does not know." 

"yes? Then, shall I say what comes out of my mouth? Are you sure you'll be okay?" 

Zokre's eyes widened. He didn't know what he was trying to say, but he couldn't help being stabbed. 

'Amy... ... .' 

Amy, whom she reunited with after five years, has grown into a much prettier girl than when she was young.

Her hair was permed, which was not seen in academic journals, and she chose clothes in a bright and cute style. It was a well-decorated outfit no matter who saw it. 

'Sheesh! It must be something that only Shirone can see, right?' 

Amy was the female student who occupied the most shares among the male students at Eins Magic School. 

Her number in the kingdom as a whole would be greatly increased. 

When she thought that she put on makeup for only one person and chose pretty clothes with care, she felt like she lost to Shirone even without fighting. 

'I'm sorry, Amy. How can you date a commoner if you're not crazy? No matter how good his skills are, he's just a student.' 

When she saw Shirone frowning, unable to resist even after being insulted for being a lowly citizen, she became even more annoyed. 

She said, 'You deserve it, but you don't say a word? Are you ignoring it? No, he must have been intimidated by the word official wizard. A boy hides behind a woman, pathetically... ... Tsk tsk.' 

Zokre was mistaken. 

To Shirone, who fought against Bossun, a certified 4th-class magician, the courage of being an official magician was not much of a threat. 

The reason Shirone was frowning was not Zocre, but Armand, who was wearing it around his waist. 

The human spirit flows like water. 

And Armand's rated control was such a delicate function that the synchro rate with the owner's mind approached 100%.

If you do not perfectly control your emotions, Armand will move before you can control your mind. 

That's why it's a magic sword. 

Of course, it would have had nothing to do with the former owner, Jion. It's enough to get rid of it as your feelings go. 

However, Shirone had to carry on with his school life normally. 

As a commoner, he could fall into an irreversible situation if he committed murder. 

More than anything, the problem was that after he went to Khazra, it was difficult to control his emotions like before. 

The Demon God Behemoth was imprisoned in the seal, but it is connected to Shirone's spirit through the keyword of anger. 

If emotions escalated to the point where they could not be controlled, Armand would slit his opponent's throat before he had time to reconsider his thoughts. 

'Did you just come out with a car? I'll have to be more careful in the future.' 

Seeing Shirone, who couldn't get up to play in the end, Jocre clicked her tongue and pointed to her game room and said to Amy, 

"It seems that not all academic journals are believed. Can't give her girlfriend a gift of one of her dolls. Can we demonstrate?" 

Amy shrugged her shoulders. 

It's a game that anyone can play if you pay money, but what else can you do without giving permission? 

"Yeah, do it if you want." 

Zocre and the others entered the game arena.

Apparently aware of Shirone's challenge, Vivian deliberately spoke so that she could hear. 

"Guys, if you ride the ice queen, you must give it to me." 

"Try it once. Well, if it was Ludvans, it would be easy." 

The moderator handed over a box of snowballs. The person who paid the money was Jocre, but the person who received the box was Lud Barnes. 

Zocre turned to Shirone and Amy, who were watching with interest, and pointed at Ludvans. 

"Lud Barnes is our school's representative pitching player. You can look forward to it." 

Helm is a combat sport that originated in ancient warfare. It is a game in which teams of 5 players hit the opponent with a rubber ball in a covered arena. 

Among amateurs, it is a game that even children can enjoy, but when it goes up to the semi-professional level, such as a school competition, the speed of the fastball approaches 160 km/h. 

In addition to the tactics using the three-cushion, various breaking balls were developed, so it was a sport full of excitement and high risk of injury. 

Lud Barnes was the ace of the school, and the Eins pitching team was strong enough to reach the quarterfinals in the national competition last year. 

"where... ... Shall we start exploring?" 

Ruud Barnes' posture was distinctly different from his normal counterpart. There was a mechanism for each section of his movement, and as they were connected smoothly, he was creating the best ball power. 

As he swung his arms in front of him as if toppling over, there was a pop and the sound of the wind blasted his snowballs away.

When it hit the target accurately, Vivian called out for joy. 

"Good! Success at once! After all, he is the ace of our school!" 

======================================= 
[327] Second outing (5) 





but good It was too early to do it. This is because the target, which seemed about to fall, came back with an exclamation. 

"Sorry! The first edition failed!" 

Vivian stared at the pendulum pendulum in bewilderment, then raised her axe eye and argued with the moderator. 

"Why are you failing? You were right." 

"No no. You said you had to knock down the target." 

"Isn't this a net scam?" 

"haha! is it a scam? New to the winter festival? This is a fact that everyone knows. Besides, what collection is this? If you sell it later, it's a doll worth more than 1 gold." 

Zocre turned to Ludvans and asked. 

"It looks like there is a spring attached underneath. can you do it?" 

"what... ... There are still nine feet left." 

Ruud Barnes, putting his snowball in a comfortable position, looked at the target and thought. 

'You made the angle ambiguous. After all, is there no choice but to compete with a fastball?' 

After that, I threw all the remaining 9 snowballs in 10 minutes.

Ludvans, who had taken on the challenge with the attitude of a day-to-day marriage, was still expressionless, but beads of sweat formed on his forehead and steam was rising from his head. 

"Sorry. I think I'll just have to do it one more time." 

The challenge was a failure. 

He hit the 2nd and 3rd pitches in succession, but failed to hit the 4th, 5th and 6th pitches. 

It was not easy even for a semi-professional to hit the target with maximum power at a distance farther than the stadium. 

He hit hard with all his snowballs from the 7th pitch, but his target did not fall. 

Shirone got a hint from there. 

He said, 'You have to use elasticity to pass it over. Somehow, I thought it was strange that the spring was installed on the target.' 

When the force of the pendulum motion remains, if the target is hit continuously, the elasticity gradually becomes stronger. Eventually, after passing the critical point, it was a structure that collapsed without being able to overcome the weight. 

The accuracy of Ludbarns, who scored 7 out of 10, is great, but it failed because the force was not applied continuously. 

"Amy, how about a challenge?" 

"yes? I?" 

Amy looked back at Shirone in surprise. 

In fact, with all her playfulness, there was no way her hands wouldn't itch before such a fun game. But usually, men were trying to put some strength on their shoulders in front of women, so I just watched. 

'Aha, is this because of such a situation?'

He seemed to understand Shirone's intentions. The person who should put strength on his shoulders right now is himself. 

'In that case, there is no need to remove it.' 

Amy walked over to the moderator and paid 10 silver. 

If Ludbarns was the pitching student representative, Amy was a matter of pride as a future sniper. 

"I am also challenged. Ten silver here." 

"Oh, it's been a while since I've had a female challenger? But, lady, the soldiers of the watchtower are not bewitched by beauty. But I'll give you another snowball as a bonus, so try your best." 

"No, that's all right. 10 is enough." 

"haha! What a brave young lady! Everyone, give this courageous lady a round of applause!" 

Applause erupted from the onlookers as the slender girl, who was not sure if she could throw her snowball to the watchtower, offered her challenge. 

Amy wet her lips with her tongue and held her snowball in her hand. As her eyes reddened, her self-image and her memory recalled her current state. 

"Young car." 

As she swung her arm around in her dainty motion, she fell like her unexploded bullet, and her snowball didn't even cross the middle. 

The friendly laughter of the tourists burst out. 

However, Shirone watched her while holding her breath. Amy's true value had just begun. 

Unlike her 1st pitch, Amy, properly posed, stared at her target. 

The information in her memory of her self image corrected her errors and made her brain sense her exact trajectory.

Through the basic build of the schema, strengthening her muscles, she firmly gripped the snowball, widened her stride and swung her arms wide. 

The eyes of the onlookers widened when the snowball, which flew at a speed similar to Ludvans' restraint, hit the target. 

Amy saved the condition of her 2nd ward again in Hongan. She then mechanically threw a third, fourth, and fifth. 

With each hit of her snowball, the sway of her target increased, until finally she couldn't stand the eighth pitch and tripped over with a twist. 

"Wow! passed! The girl passed the target!" 

"Girl, are you an athlete? Really great?" 

Amy looked up at her ceiling, relieved, and exhaled. 

When I played it myself, it was definitely a game with a high level of difficulty. Even if schema users came to her, she would have a hard time if she hadn't trained her sensory system. 

Of course, if you were a master of the schema, you could pass the target with one shot with the power of a cannon, but such a person wouldn't be rude just to receive a doll at a festival. 

The moderator happily handed over prizes to those who succeeded in the challenge. 

As she received the Ice Queen's doll, Amy thanked the people who supported her and held it up like a trophy. 

She looked at Vivien's half-moon grin at the Ice Queen's doll, and she put on a wistful expression. 

"Ah, I wish. I wanted to have that."

Shirone and Amy were walking away excitedly, not even remembering that Zocre and the others were there. 

said Ludbarns. 

"... ... I'm kind of annoyed." 

Zocre felt the same way. 

"Hey, since I was little, I only knew myself. Because of that kind of personality, I failed the graduation exam. You say you were beaten up. So, there are only people who can get along with." 

It was after they had already arrived on the first floor that Shirone and Amy remembered Zokrae and the others. 

I had no desire to go back. Because they weren't the ones who approached me with good feelings from the beginning. 

Amy hugged the Ice Queen's doll to her chest and rubbed it against her cheek, feeling the soft touch. 

"Hi-Hi! Very cute." 

Shirone was happy just to watch. 

Contrary to her outward personality, she liked cute dolls. Wasn't there actually a lot of teddy bears in her room? 

'I'm glad it's an ordinary taste.' 

She sincerely thought so. 

Uorin's collection, like El Crouch's porcelain dolls, isn't something worth collecting unless it's a bad taste. 

She said, "Since she gave and won for 20 silver, even assuming she only gets 1 gold, she earns 80 silver." 

"haha! it's your idea But isn't it past time to argue about that? The richest person in magic school." 

"The best rich man? I?"

Amy pointed to Shirone's coat. 

"Armand. I heard that the value of stolen goods alone exceeds 2 billion gold? If so, wouldn't it be at least doubled at the auction? In a word, you are hanging around our entire school right now." 

Realizing that, Shirone blinked her eyes. 

Since the amount was so beyond common sense, he couldn't even think of estimating the value of the sword. 

When she thought that she was passing among countless people with an S-class object worth over 4 billion gold, she suddenly felt like her side was stiff as she was wearing a sword. 

'What if someone steals it? No, since they share their mind, there's no way they'll get stolen.' 

Amy tucked her ice queen doll into her bag. She said as Shirone, who was watching, pointed outside her. 

"It's hot from playing games, so let's go out to cool off." 

"yes. I need to get some fresh air too. Shall we skate? I heard that the ice is really good here." 

Shirone happily nodded her head. 

It brought back memories of her playing on the icy lake as a child with the skates her father had made for her. 

"great! Then let's go to the skating rink!" 

Battle Mage's Philosophy (1) 





There were many lovers at the skating rink. 

Shirone and Amy skated by joining the current that circled the rink's outer perimeter. 

The cold winter wind blew fresh.

While sliding on the ice following the person in front of her, Amy was able to forget her worries in reality for a moment. 

But her good mood vanished the moment she saw Jockre and his party enter the rink. 

Not joining the flow, they performed their skating stunts in the center of the rink. 

It wasn't against the rules, but Amy didn't like even that, probably because she was already stuck with her hateful hair. 

"what? Did you follow me all the way here?" 

"He must have come to skate. don't mind." 

Amy said she didn't want to get entangled with Jockre's group. 

Every time she saw them passing the graduation exam with confidence and enjoying their time together, she felt the scars of being eliminated open up. 

"it's okay. Let us just avoid it. I've cooled down anyway, and I want to look around other places." 

"Is that so? okay." 

Shirone and Amy pushed the blades of their skates and made their way toward the exit. 

"hey! Are you going already?" 

When Shirone turned around, Zokre was running at full speed, swinging his arm. 

I hurriedly pulled Amy over, but he swerved her and came to a sudden stop. As the skate blades grinded the ice, ice powder was scattered. Shirone's brows narrowed as cold things wet her face. 

"Why are you doing this? in a person's face."

"haha! What are you angry about? Contrary to what I've heard, he has a soft personality. You were just kidding." 

"Then why are you kidding me?" 

Amy pushed Shirone and stepped forward. 

"Why do you keep following me? If you have something to say, do it right. Don't be childish like kids." 

"It's been a while since we met. This is also related, but let's have fun. We still have homework to solve." 

"solution? what solution?" 

The only thing that comes to mind when thinking of Zocre is that he gave up the competition at a prestigious school and transferred to another school as if running away. 

'yes? no way... ... ?' 

A blurry scene flashed through Amy's mind. 

Before she transferred, she had confessed her love to Joe Cre. 

It was a common thing at the time. That's why what remains in her memory is a miraculously trivial incident. 

But today, Shirone noticed. 

She said it like a joke. There is probably no woman in the world who would really only take the word dating as a joke. 

Amy was a woman and she was not an idiot. 

If a man and a woman went on a trip for two nights and three days alone, she was fully prepared and followed Shirone. 

She didn't want to embarrass Shirone with her ridiculous past.

It wouldn't make me feel bad simply by receiving a confession, but having the person in front of me was a different matter. 

"it's okay. i don't want to talk to you Shirone, let's go somewhere else. You don't have to hang out with these guys." 

As her Amy tried to avoid her seat, Zokre approached her, ignoring her Shirone. 

"Wait for a moment. What you were talking about... ... ." 

Zokre stopped him and turned his head away. She frowned as Shirone grabbed her by the shoulder. 

"You say you don't like it." 

"You, won't you let go of this hand? Even though the school is different, I am your senior. A formal wizard." 

"That is that, and this is this." 

Zocre was taken aback by Shirone's cheeky appearance. 

"I was very excited when people around me supported me despite my low status. you, aren't you? Amy and I have known each other since we were thirteen. It's none of your business." 

"What does it matter when we met? If that's the case, we met when we were 12 years old. Don't keep bothering those who don't like it, please go." 

"what? You met when you were twelve?" 

Zocre was stunned by Shirone's lie. 

Thanks to memorizing academic journals, he also knew about Shirone's past. 

How could he meet Amy at the age of 12 when he had only been attending magic school for a year? 

Moreover, the son of a mountaineer who is not even a noble.

"A surprisingly shameless guy. Do you think such a lie will work? Do you know what will happen if you get caught by a senior on this floor? Especially for a guy like you who has no place to stick around, just get out of here." 

"I don't even want to enter a place where there are seniors who make petty threats." 

"This bastard is real!" 

Seeing Shirone fight back without losing a word, Jocre loses his temper and raises his fist. 

But just as he was about to swing his fist, a ball of snow flew out of nowhere and crashed into the back of his head. 

======================================= 
[328] Battle Mage's Philosophy (2) 





" Aww!" 

It was a solid snowball that made the bones ring. Furthermore, the place he was standing on was a slippery ice field. 

Unable to keep his balance, Zocre fell forward. 

The absurdity was short-lived, and anger welled up. What fearless human being would play such a prank? 

"what! who is this!" 

Jockre touched the back of his head and turned his head. 

A gray-haired handsome boy stood outside the skating rink, tossing his snowballs. In his other hand, he was holding an iced coffee, unsuitable for the cold weather. 

"No matter how unpopular he is with women, it's okay if he touches a couple on a date." 

Jockre narrowed his eyes at the familiar face.

Vivian murmured with a surprised expression. 

"That child... ... Dante right? Air servant Dante." 

Dante entered the skating rink with his shoes on. As he spurred off the ice and slipped on one leg, Ludvans and Vivian unknowingly opened the way. 

'Oh my gosh. Are you really Dante?' 

Vivian couldn't believe it when she saw it with her own eyes. 

From the time she entered her magic school, she was everyone's idol, never missing the first place in the kingdom. Because she was such a Dante, when the news of her defeat by Shirone was published in an academic journal, all the students in the kingdom were shocked. 

In his school days, Zocre also had a time when he scrapped Dante's articles and pasted them on his notebook to burn his determination. 

      .

Above all, being hit in the back of the head before she could even speak was the humiliation of her life. 

"Hey, you... ... ." 

Dante ignored Zocre's words and approached Shirone. 

"It's been a while, Shirone. Amy too." 

Amy crossed her arms and glanced at him. 

"What? Are you calling me by your senior name now?" 

"haha! It's the same graduating class from next semester anyway." 

Amy wasn't in a bad mood either. 

At the time of her 2,000 matchups, she was respectfully treated as a senior, so her friendly attitude was rather awkward. 

But Dante's personality was really cool, and it seemed that those memories had already been erased from his head.

In any case, it was true that even if you were a rival at school, the joy of meeting an alumni outside took precedence. 

Shirone said with a smile. 

"I see you in a place like this. What is it?" 

"As you can see, I came to play. I travel every vacation. But Creas is the first. Someone recommended a winter festival." 

"I see. did you come alone? Closer and Sabina?" 

"They have special training as soon as they go on vacation. By now you should be realizing what hell is. After all, they are tired kids to hang out with." 

Shirone burst out laughing as Dante shrugged her shoulders. 

Even though I was having fun, I was wondering if it was okay to be like this. However, when she saw Dante's relaxed appearance, she realized that her burden was nothing. 

'Dante, you're really amazing.' 

She says that sometimes, when she recalls her two thousand battles, she is amazed that she has beaten Dante. 

He left magic and he had a star castle. He said that the power to draw people's attention was not something that could be achieved through hard work. 

He was well-dressed, befitting a native of Vaska, the capital. 

He wore a blue coat and black skinny pants, and with a purple muffler wrapped around him, he looked radiant without standing out. 

Besides, he even had a piercing in one of his ears. He couldn't help but be surprised from the point of view of Shirone, who is unfamiliar with fashion. 

But Zokre had a different idea. 

He was completely ignored.

Even in front of Amy's eyes. No, in front of Shirone, Amy's boyfriend. 

The most upsetting thing was that the friendship between Shirone, Amy, and Dante seemed so radiant. 

'Is this what geniuses play with geniuses? Putting them together like this really annoys me.' 

Zokre took a deep breath and threw his words. 

"Hey, Dante." 

"yes?" 

Dante bit into a straw and looked back. He seemed to completely forget what he had done earlier. 

"If you hit someone, shouldn't you say you're sorry? Even to the wizard-senpai." 

"senior? Who are you?" 

"Zocre, a graduate of Eins Magic School. I mean, I'm not in a position to hear the voice of a promising player like you." 

Dante blinked his eyes as he sucked on the straw. 

The longer Dante's silence was, the more anxious Zocre was. 

He has nothing to say even if he belittles himself as lack of qualifications, but it is because he has pictured in his head what he might be thinking. 

Of course, Eins Magic School was the alma mater that Zocre loved, and he had no shame in choosing to transfer. 

But Dante was from the Royal Magic School. 

The most prestigious in the kingdom. 

Although he is currently attending Alpheas Magic School to avenge his defeat by Shirone, it is the same as it is also one of the top 5 prestigious schools.

Above all, since he was a former apprentice of Olivia, a certified second-class wizard, there was no way he could catch his eye. 

"sorry. It's a name I've never heard of. And aren't you the one who flirted with the couple having fun?" 

"this... ... !" 

She flashed sparks in Jokre's eyes. The word "unheard of" stuck in her heart like a thorn. 

In the minors, their names were well known, so even Ludvans and Vivian, who had some expectations, looked cold. 

"Dante, don't be mistaken. Do you think you can do anything? Yes, I am a student. And he was defeated horribly by Shirone. Such Shirone is a genius. Even Amy, who was said to be a genius recognized by the world, is just a second student after all." 

"It's very threaded." 

Dante said without changing a single expression. 

"That is the difference between you and us. We get published in academic journals, and you buy and read them." 

Rather, Shirone's face became hot. 

Dante ruthlessly tramples on the weaknesses of her opponents, if she likes to be cutthroat. 

If she's cool, she's cool, but from the point of view of being victimized, it was hell. 

As expected, Zocre and his party's faces were distorted, and even blood could be seen in their eyes. 

If she was going to provoke, she would have been eaten, but knowing that wasn't the case, she worried. 

'Damn it! damn it! damn it!'

Zokre was about to die of anger. Why should I be treated like this? 

In common sense, the position should be the opposite. 

A person who succeeds in graduation is arrogant, and it is normal for them to look at themselves with jealousy and envy. 

'huh! pitiful things! Do you think the school sign will live your life for you?' 

Zocre glared at Shirone and the others, contemplating how to subdue them. 

'yes? That... ... .' 

Then, he saw something shiny under Shirone's coat. Upon closer inspection, it was a sword. 

'Why are you wearing a sword at the festival? No, you're a lower class than that, aren't you? Can I carry a weapon?' 

Zokre pondered the reason. Then he realized something and burst into laughter. 

"Puhahaha! It was, it was After all, you are the same." 

The sudden change in Jocre's personality made Dante back away as if frightened of him. 

Either way, Zocre pointed at Shirone. 

"Aren't you a guy who pretends to be confident but is full of qualifications? Seriously, would a lowly citizen wear a sword? Well, since my lover is the highest noble, he must have wanted to match the assortment." 

Vivian looked over and he gave a surprised look. 

"Oh, is it really? But isn't that illegal?" 

"Of course it is illegal! Where is the heavenly citizen wearing his sword? Can you scream out loud about this?"

Zocre approached Shirone and opened the coat. 

It was a serious crime for a commoner to wear a sword anyway, so there was no hesitation in his hands. 

As the button was ripped off, the coat opened, revealing Armand's silver scabbard worn around the waist. 

"As expected, my prediction was correct. to be anxious. Do you think you can become a nobleman like this?" 

Shirone's eyes grew cold. 

"Back off. And pay for your coat." 

Shirone desperately controlled her emotions. The inner monster that smelled the anger was about to come out again. 

However, Joe Kre, who caught his winning streak, was busy speaking his own words. 

"Seeing that it has no decorations and is completely flimsy, it is obvious that it is cheap. Well, I don't know where to get an expensive sword... ... ." 

Jockre stretched out his hand toward his handle. 

Since the length is short, the blade will not look good either. He intended to pull it out and repay his humiliation twice as much. 

But the thought ended there. 

Zokre's movements stopped when he heard the sound of rushing water. Then his arms slowly came up. 

His eyes trembled in shock, and his skin raised fluff from the chill. 

"This, this... ... ." 

Ludvans and Vivian's faces were stained with astonishment. Shirone's sword had been pulled out of its own accord and was digging deep under Zocre's chin. 

"What, what? How did the sword... ... ."

Shirone was frowning. 

Not because he was mad at Zokre. If it was too late to control his emotions, Zokre's neck would already be rolling on the ice. 

'I thought it was too complacent.' 

Rated control is a great function, but the problem was that the synchronization was so perfect that it was affected by the actions of the demons in the first level of depth. 

Shirone was a mage who trained her mind not to lose her cool in any situation. But that didn't mean there were no changes in emotions. 

The anger that soared through the momentary gap forced Armand to come out of the scabbard. 

This feeling of disappointment in herself angered Shirone. 

Sensing his master's anger, Armand trembled, and the cry of the sword was heard through Zocre's eardrum. 

Zocre gritted his teeth and glared at Shirone. 

"you... ... !" 

"This is your final warning. just go back I won't stand it if you're being rude one more time." 

Under the pressure of death, Zokre's legs slid back and forth on the ice as if their strength had waned. 

At this rate, he would not be able to keep his balance and collapse. Then Ludvans came and supported Zocre's back. 

"Let's go back. We are full wizards. If we have an accident here, we will be the ones to lose." 

It was meant to cheer up Zocre, but realistically it was the right thing to say.

"huh! Cheeky children! Let's see how well it goes." 

Zocre cursed until the end. 

However, it only felt rather shabby because Rude Barnes was pulling and dragging him by his hind legs. 

It was only after Zocre and the others left the skating rink that Shirone stabbed Armand in the scabbard. 

"Yaya, no matter how angry you are, if you swing a knife, you will use it." 

Shirone's eyes widened at Dante's words. 

"You are laughing! It's all because of you! All of a sudden, he did such a provocation! What about my coat! You make up for it!" 

"It's like a button, you just have to put it back on. What's the sword you're wearing anyway? Is that magic too?" 

said Amy, looking around at her. 

"Don't do that, let's move for now. people are staring Maybe the guards will come." 

I still don't know that Shirone is a commoner, so I think it's an incident, but if the guards are dispatched to investigate, things will become more complicated. 

"Then, shall we go to a cafe and get some coffee? Of course, I helped you, so let's assume you guys live." 

"Do you buy me coffee because something is pretty? And aren't you drinking coffee right now?" 

"This is iced coffee. So let's go get something warm." 

"you... ... Are you a coffee addict?" 

Dante raised his iced coffee and winked one of his eyes.

"no. I am a coffee maniac." 



* * * 



Shirone's party found a cafe called 'Cozy Tea House' in the shopping district and entered it. 

As the warmth spread, his cheeks turned red. 

Shirone, who trembled as if shaking off the chill clinging to her clothes, sat down at the table and took out her sewing kit. 

Dante received the menu. 

"When you come on a trip, you have to order special products. Let's see, Ice Queen's hot coffee? Isn't this a bit of a strange name?" 

Amy shook her hand in annoyance. 

"The strange thing is pass. I just want some orange juice." 

"yes? Then I'm Ice Queen's hot coffee. Shirone, what are you going to drink?" 

Shirone said, concentrating on buttoning up. 

"I like warm cocoa." 

======================================= 
[329] Battle Mage's Philosophy (3) 





Sewing Dante said with an absurd expression when he felt the craftsmanship in Shirone's eyes. 

"Hey, do you really have to sew here?" 

"That's the only coat I brought. And doing it outside is hard because your hands are frozen." 

Shirone breathed heavily on her still cold hands and focused on sewing again.

After ordering tea at the counter, Dante brings back an Armand that Shirone leaned against the wall on his way back. 

Shirone only looked at Armand. The demonic sword, which had been so picky, was as quiet as a mouse. 

It's as if Dante deserves to take care of himself. 

Because of the people's attention, Dante stood upright without drawing his sword and inspected his appearance. 

"Hey, so this is an S-class object." 

I had heard a rough explanation on the way. 

A demonic sword equipped with the concepts of Rated Control and Armed Forces. 

It was an impeccable weapon that not only amplified mana, but also had the function of maximizing physical airborne ability. 

Dante threw Armand into the wall. Then, Shirone brought it back to its original position with rated control. 

Dante, who confirmed it with his own eyes, said with a smile. 

"It is a good weapon. Considering the rarity, it is understandable that it is over 4 billion gold." 

said Amy, who had turned to her fireplace to warm herself, turning her head away. 

"You say 4 billion gold easily? After all, the Erhein family is a chaebol family that ranks 20th in the kingdom's business world. But why would the young master of such a house obtain and drink coffee?" 

"haha! Coffee brewed by someone else tastes better. The coffee that someone else buys is even better. And if you get 4 billion gold for a single sword, even my parents would have their jaws wide open."

Said Shirone, who fastened the first button and connected the needle to the second button. 

"Sorry. I was going to sell it for about 3 billion if I was interested." 

I heard the sound of Armand's jewels trembling. 

"I am not interested in collecting things in particular. It's a caution not to buy souvenirs even when traveling." 

Dante, who says that S-class objects are just collections, was certainly not a normal human being. 

But Shirone liked that. 

After all, wizards are the kind of people who don't see anything other than what they like. 

A clerk brings tea while Shirone finishes sewing and puts his coat back on. 

Shirone and Amy were silent for a long time while drinking juice and cocoa. 

Until earlier, they were giggling and dying happily, but when Dante was there, they suddenly came in and out. 

Dante sat obliquely with his legs crossed, sipping his coffee and watching the two of them. 

Then he pointed at Amy with his coffee cup hand. 

"How are you anyway?" 

"yes? what?" 

"I don't think either of you are the type to go on a leisurely date. Traveling up, what is that?" 

Shirone put down his glass and looked back at Amy. It was the first time she talked about her graduation exam. 

"Hmm." 

Amy put her chin on her chin and looked back out the window.

"I honestly don't know. It's not that I'm not motivated, but should I say it's too vague?" 

She seemed to have organized her thoughts sufficiently in the meantime, and Amy said her words with a calm expression. 

"Anyway, you did your best for six years, didn't you? But she dropped out. I don't know what to do anymore. I also feel that she won't be able to simply improve her skills. So what... ... ." 

Amy snorted and shrugged her shoulders. 

"I'm in the process of refining it. It must be a psychological problem called the second challenge. I will have to find or create a special occasion." 

Dante nodded her head. 

Of course, he doesn't even consider the possibility of failing the graduation exam. But if he had fallen, he would have had the same troubles as Amy now. 

"Right. But what exactly was the situation at the time? Of course, I also watched the game, but it is different from playing in the field." 

Shirone looked at Amy with a nervous expression. She will be a memory of her that she never wants to recall. 

But it was also true that she wanted to hear it. 

Especially since she has to deal with Fermi and her friends after her vacation is over, the more information the better. 

Fortunately for her, Amy didn't look particularly distressed. Her one-dimensional period of pain seemed to have already been overcome. 

"I was mass lynched... ... It's from 1 minute 32 seconds after the battle begins."

Amy's crimson eyes glowed red as she pulled out the information at the time. 

"As soon as the person-to-person combat item was hit, 2,000 times were activated, and all participants moved at high speed. At that time, the first thing I thought I should aim for was Samuel. Other contestants seemed to have the same idea." 

Shirone said. 

"Because Sanuel is a magician." 

"right. It takes time for the spirit magic to activate. At the time of training, Sanuel's ultrasonography level was 148 syllables per sec. Intermediate magic takes at least 4 seconds to cast. However, since the power of amplification is enormous once the commandment is completed, it is the first target to be eliminated in the person-to-person combat category. But Fermi broke the tide." 

Amy's face changed seriously. 

"It was really strange. that feeling. discomfort. Of course, at the time of the battle, she wasn't in the mood to even think of collusion, but she instinctively decided to change her target to Fermi. As it turned out, she was wrong. She couldn't see her target precisely because she was covered in Li-Con's plasma. So, she tried melee combat, and I think she made the promised play there." 

Amy was silent for a while. She seemed to be reliving the circumstances of her time, when perhaps she had made a fatal mistake. 

As if to shake off her remorse, she exhaled heavily. Then she came back to her reality and dropped her shoulders. 

"After that, her charter trend declined, and as you know, she was unilaterally pushed and was eliminated early." 

Dante, lost in her thoughts, asked.

"But I heard that Fermi and the others used that tactic from before? It's a promised play." 

"right. It's not like I wasn't prepared either. When you enter your senior year, you train for six test subjects in rotation. You can figure out the faction, and you can also know each person's skills. But on test day, something was different. Even if you think the promised play is part of the tactic, there is no need for them to block Sanuel's barrage. But the mood has completely gone. I still don't know why it happened." 

"The atmosphere has gone... ... ." 

If they were able to change the atmosphere of the battlefield at will in person-to-person combat, it meant that their skills were much better than expected. 

However, there is no reason why Amy's eyesight cannot see through what she is hiding. That's why Amy is also confused. 

'It's not just a camouflage tactic. There is something undisclosed. Perhaps the subject... ... .' 

Fermi, the first in the graduating class. 

You can completely hide your allies' skills, or you can dramatically improve your allies' skills. 

I don't know which method to use, but it was clear that I could do one of two things. 

"Hmm, it seems that I was pushed out of power after all. Then there is no excuse. Somehow Master Olivia didn't step forward." 

Amy shook her head.

Of course, I have no intention of making excuses for defeat. However, it was not because of lack of skill that he was eliminated. 

If it had been a normal confrontation, at least the neutral factions would have been able to make it to the final 10 if they hadn't been swayed by Fermi. 

"If the rules are like that, I don't want to argue. But compared to the contestants, my skills were by no means inferior. I'm not saying that Sanuel should have suffered instead of me. If Fermi can control the flow of the battlefield, anyone who is targeted will have no choice but to fall." 

Dante blinked his eyes in surprise. Seeing Amy's expression, she said it was sincere. 

"I admit that it can be unfair. But the opponent ended up like that, right? So, isn't it an accurate expression to say that I was pushed out of my power?" 

Amy put down her juice glass and sighed. 

"Haa, I keep not understanding... ... ." 

"No, I fully understand. Fermi's group controlled the flow of the battlefield, and everyone targeted you." 

"So you're saying it's my fault? why? Because I'm usually unlucky? Or because I look the most comfortable?" 

"Don't be so excited... ... ." 

"I don't look excited!" 

Amy hit the table and got up. The eyes of the people in her cafe were on her. 

Conscious of them, Amy sat quietly in her seat. But her face was still flushed.

"Okay, since one's thoughts are free. But I struggled for a year in my senior year and took the exam. Dante If you were in the same situation as me, would you say the same thing?" 

Dante did not answer. 

Of course, his thoughts did not change. 

But even though he was already pissed off at her, it seemed that her cold reply wouldn't be heard. 

'... ... Although I think that.' 

Dante is a wizard. And Amy was also a wizard. Hiding the truth because of emotions was not suitable for either. 

"Don't be silly, Amy." 

Anger welled up in Amy's eyes. 

"Are you stupid? I?" 

"Okay, then shall we ask Shirone? What do you think of the results of this graduation exam?" 

As Amy turned around, Shirone swallowed her dry saliva. No matter what answer she gave, she wouldn't like Amy. 

"Shirone, do you think so too? Am I fooling around like Dante said?" 

"Uh, there... ... Well? I... ... ." 

"Tell me honestly. I acknowledge Dante's ability and I acknowledge you too. If two people are looking at me like that, that's right. What I want to know is the exact truth." 

Amy was sincere. 

As a student of magic, she was not weak enough to be comforted by the lies she was told.

Above all, believe in yourself. 

It wasn't because I was weak or because my skills were lacking that I failed the graduation exam. 

Shirone mumbled, unable to bear the weight of the silence, and spoke out with difficulty. 

"It is true that it was a morally wrong test. But no matter what happens... ... I think a wizard should be able to win." 

Amy lost all strength in her body. 

She said that until she said so, there was a high probability that she herself was mistaken. 

But her heart couldn't accept it. 

'A fool? I?' 

As she studied magic, she never played her laziness. She said that she fought harder than anyone else. 

But are you stupid? 

More than anything, what makes the billions collapse is that their judgment, which they do not even understand, is highly likely to be true. 

said Dante. 

"Of course you are strong. The ability to rise to 5th place in the graduating class in one year is an undeniable fact." 

Amy's gaze slowly turned to Dante. 

"But strictly speaking, it is because you are so talented." 

"Talent... ... say?"

"Currently, Alpheas Magic School has students who are as good as the Royal Magic School. Iruki as a Servant, Nade of alchemy, Arin as super-hard, Canis who handles magic creatures, Shirone as an unlocker, and me who uses the central arithmetic magic circle. Of course, Sabina and Closer are also tough. Boil of summoning magic and Pandora of scent magic also have one specialized talent." 

Amy was silently listening to Dante. 

"But from my point of view, if I were to rank them based on what they were born with... ... ." 

Dante took a sip of her coffee and pointed at Amy. 

"It is you. Amy, you are the best at Alpheas Magic School." 

Amy wasn't happy. 

She was still at a loss as to what Dante wanted to say. 

======================================= 
[330] Battle Mage's Philosophy (4) 





" Hongan. So self-image memory corrects errors in the shortest time. This is a really great ability. In terms of talent alone, it would be the best on the continent, not Alpheas Magic School. That is proven by the many geniuses from your family." 

Amy couldn't resist. 

Even with her Karmis family pretense, or even with her older brother, she was already making a name for herself on her continent in her own field at a young age.

"So what? I've never thought of leaning on my family until now! Are you saying that I came to this place because of my talent? I've always been trying to stand up for myself." 

"yes. That's what foolishness is." 

Amy's face hardened. 

"I'd rather lean on the family. What you have, what your family has. You have to fight with everything. Are you saying that while you are born with something that other people want but cannot have, you throw it away just because you want to try it on your own? That's what foolishness is." 

"I... ... That thought... ... ." 

"Do you remember the kids I met at the skating rink? Did you say zocre? Eins Magic School is honestly not prestigious. Their talents will be far inferior to yours. Even so, they find their own way to live and become wizards. Did you drop out because you didn't have enough luck? No, Amy. You are competing in the 5 most prestigious in the kingdom. People who are more unfair than you are widely spread in the world. If you want to become a wizard, if you want to become the best wizard at that, you have to fight and overcome whatever situation comes your way." 

Amy lowered her head. 

Her anger was gone after a while. 

No, it felt like everything had gone back to square one. 

Dante was right. 

She was attending Alpheas Magic School, where the best talents in the kingdom gather, and it was also the graduating class at the top. 

A place where no excuses can be made.

In a battleground where talented people who only look at the best collide, talking about it was nothing more than the nonsense of a person with a full stomach. 

"Then I... ... what to do." 

He couldn't jump over the wall and was back on the starting line. 

The second will be faster. 

But it was just an idea in my head. 

Now you must overcome yourself. And that was the first ordeal for Amy. 

'Amy... ... .' 

Shirone looked at Amy pitifully. 

Dante's straightforward way of speaking must have been a big shock to Amy. But he couldn't intervene. 

It wasn't an arrogant thought that it would help Amy. 

Because Dante's words are true. 

A silence fell over the table. 

They couldn't hear the laughter of the tourists clamoring from all sides. 

Dante looked over at her Amy while drinking cold coffee. 

She doesn't really have a special affection for her. But it was also Amy who stood out the most in her graduation exams. 

"Shall I tell you why you were eliminated?" 

Amy raised her head again. 

Shirone, who was lost in her thoughts, also looked at Dante. 

If it was Dante's analysis, whose major was information processing, it would be worth listening to regardless of the situation.

"Of course, the only thing I could see with my own eyes that you were using magic was the graduation exam. And that's less than 5 minutes. But even in such a short period of time, there are things I just don't understand." 

"Are you saying I made a mistake?" 

"no. It's a problem closer to the essence than that. To begin with, you have a fatal flaw. In particular, if you aim to become a battle mage, you are missing something you must have." 

I never thought of myself as having a weakness. So Amy swallowed her saliva and waited for her words to follow. 

Dante raised her coffee cup and turned her head. She chose her words for a moment, then he pouted her lips, she said. 

"For you... ... I have no style." 

"style?" 

Amy asked back at the unexpected words. However, Shirone was nodding her head slightly. 

no style 

It was a word that implied her sense of incongruity, which she vaguely felt while being with Amy. 

It was only possible because of the eyes of Dante, who had the best defense in the kingdom, that he clearly saw through Amy's weaknesses after seeing only 5 minutes of battle. 

Shirone added a word. 

"To put it mildly, it is omnipotent. I've felt it before, but you're so great that it's a mask." 

Amy's face heated up at Shirone's words. After she was shocked by Dante's direct words, she felt more embarrassed. 

"Are you kidding me?" 

Dante shook his head.

"No, there is some truth in what Shirone said. From what I've seen, you tend to have complete control over the situation. Because you can do it." 

"Why is that a problem?" 

"It is not a very big problem. Your gimmick is sniper mode. Most mages direct the situation to an environment where their organs can specialize. Style arises from there. The reason why Shirone likes the strategy of suppressing with brute force is because it has an immortal function. I like counters because I enjoy analyzing them. But you are different. If sniper mode doesn't work, they'll find a second solution right away." 

Amy was dazed as if she had been hit over the head with her hammer. 

"You know what is really serious? In the end, you do it. I'm looking for a second solution. It's so witty. But how long can that method work?" 

Amy's lips trembled. 

she is a jerk stupid 

How could she have never thought about it? 

"Usually you'll hit a wall at the student level. But your talent was thrown away all the way to your senior year. Then, at the most crucial moment, I hit a wall." 

Dante opened her palms and clashed her fists.

"It just happened that all the contestants were aiming for you. It was the first time I experienced a situation that could not be done with talent alone in front of a level of difficulty that soared sharply compared to the senior class class. The difficulties I and Shirone experienced early came too late for you. Fermi must have already known, your fatal weakness. That is why you were chosen as a sacrifice." 

Dante recalled her graduation exam and gave an example. 

"The moment you sensed the sudden change in the charter, you gave up on Sanuel and went after Fermi. They would have judged that the schema would give them an edge in close combat. But I've been there for four months. The moment you feel uncomfortable, you should have opened the distance unconditionally. I had to somehow lead him to a situation where he could specialize in sniper mode. But it didn't." 

Shirone took her word for it. 

"Because I had the confidence that I could solve it somehow." 

Dante nodded her head. 

"It is impossible to control every situation in melee. In battle, the time needed to make a decision is even one second longer. If the options are divided, there will inevitably be a delay. So style matters. Believe in your style and bet everything on it." 

Amy recalled the situation in Kazura where she was tied to Xenoger's web. 

Even at the time, she had a lot on her mind. 

But if she had only focused on what she could do, she could have melted the web with Ignite and escaped.

"Perhaps you analyzed everything in your senior year. Combat power, judgment, habits, behavior, etc. of all participants. You analyzed everything about them and decided that you had an advantage, right?" 

Amy readily admitted. 

"right. Exactly." 

"But I didn't think of the style. It's just as important as fighting power. You have to know how to avoid and wait if you don't match. If I go back now and fight Shirone from back then, there's probably a 90% chance I'll win." 

Shirone nodded her head obediently. 

There is no if in history, but if the past self and the current Dante were to face each other, nine out of nine times it would be a losing battle. 

"Combat is a matter where superiority cannot be measured simply by skill alone. Extremely speaking, it's enough to destroy Shirone's Ataraxia before it's finished. But why didn't I succeed? It's because Shirone also constantly induced the situation to his advantage. A clash of styles and styles. That's a wizard's battle." 

Amy kept her head down and didn't move. 

She was so occupied with her thoughts of magic that nothing caught her eye. 

said Dante. 

"Well, I pretended to be proud, but if a similar situation came up, I might be eliminated too. But I'm not going to drop out early without trying anything like you. Anyway, this is the result of my analysis of you in the graduation exam."

Amy then raised her head. Her expression was still sad, but her excitement was gone. 

"Thank you for being honest." 

For whatever reason, she was grateful for having analyzed the pros and cons of her opponent who would become her competitor next year. 

Dante, perhaps embarrassed by the solemn atmosphere, finished his story and stood up. 

"Looks like you brought up something stupid on a date. Anyway, I'll stop and see. you guys have fun too See you later at school." 

Shirone escorted her outside the door. 

Dante peered at Amy through the window outside her cafe. 

Seeing her sullen expression, he turned to her and scratched her head. 

"sorry. The atmosphere seemed good, but I interrupted and ruined it." 

Dante, who had been in love at the Royal Magic School, was sensing a subtle air current flowing between Shirone and Amy. 

The fact that Amy came along on a trip just the two of them means that she too has her thoughts to some extent. 

If the atmosphere at the skating rink had continued, the tomorrows of Shirone and Amy could have been different. 

However, her advice for the day complicates Amy's thoughts. 

It was natural for her to feel sorry for her as a man like her. 

But Shirone didn't think so. Rather, he was grateful to Dante for giving Amy her advice.

"It's fine. If it wasn't for you, Amy's problems wouldn't have been found. It really helped me a lot. Of course, Amy will have to research the solution herself." 

Dante smiled bitterly. 

It was Shirone who didn't seem to have asked anything about the time of the world. 

Well, in a sense, Amy belonged to the same department as Shirone, so it could be said that they met properly. 

Dante has always had instant love. It suited her personality, so she had no complaints about it. 

But on the other hand, she thought it would be fun to match her feelings slowly like a slug. 

"It wasn't advice I gave specifically for Amy. After all, there will be Fermi and the others next year anyway. The more counterhorses you make, the better. anyway see you next time Have fun and go." 

Dante waved his hand and walked away. 

Seeing him leaving as lightly as when he came, Shirone could feel the composure and freedom of a traveler. 

'I hope it will be a good trip for you too.' 

Midwinter night (1) 





It was winter, so the sun went down early. 

The old castle ruins are closed at 6 o'clock, so Dante stopped traveling and headed back to his lodgings. 

'What's the point of just going in, should I drink beer?' 

When you are eighteen, you can buy alcohol outside. 

Strong alcohol is not good, but he was Dante who liked to sip beer while traveling.

The shopping district was teeming with people escaping from tourist spots. 

While I was walking down the street looking for a place where I could drink comfortably, I saw a young woman protesting in front of the entrance of a bar on the 3rd floor. 

Her striking outfit caught Dante's attention. 

She was wearing a baggy dress with her sleeves down to her wrists, and a white sash was fastened around her waist. Her robe came down to her ankles, and her skirt was red. 

She guessed that Dante was involved in the cult. 

Seeing that she is carrying a large backpack that does not suit her slim figure, it means that she has traveled a long time or has come from far away. 

Maybe mid 20's? 

She has a beautiful appearance with pure white skin that seems to have never seen sunlight. Her black hair, tied high at the top of her head, hung down to her waist. 

======================================= 
[331] Midwinter night (2) 





Even right now The outfit that looked like it would freeze to death was a delightful eye candy for drunken people. 

However, she was preaching a message to people without paying attention to the way women looked at her. 

"The end of the world is coming. It's dangerous here. Everyone, leave the castle quickly." 

'end? What are you talking about out of the blue?' 

Dante didn't take her seriously.

There are people who give up even their lives because they are preoccupied with pseudo-religions. 

The character of the ice queen itself was a legend processed for the festival, so it didn't make sense that it was dangerous. 

I couldn't find a single person who listened seriously, as if the tourists had the same idea. 

"If it's the end anyway, isn't it the same wherever you go? Where do you go when you leave here? Surely you're not asking me to die in the arms of the sickest wife waiting at home? Fuhahaha!" 

"I heard and saw it. That's never going to happen. Miss, if you need attention, why don't you stop talking nonsense and dance?" 

The woman looked at them straight in the face without changing a single expression, perhaps accustomed to this kind of tamusi, and confronted them. 

"It's not a lie. This is an oracle from the goddess Achaeans, who controls the melody of time." 

"Aceanis? I have never heard of such a religion." 

"You have to take my word for it! Sooner or later, the dawn of the apocalypse will take place here. Everyone dies!" 

"Okay, okay. I'll trust you, so let's go inside. Let's talk while drinking." 

As the tall man hugged her by the shoulders, she shouted as she pushed with both hands. 

"Don't put your ungodly hand on it!" 

"Ugh! this lady really Don't do that, come in. What kind of bad person am I?"

The woman reached into the cylinder slung across the bottom of her backpack, pulled out something, and thrust it into the man's neck. 

At first glance, she thought it was a quiver, but when she saw what was inside, it was a thin iron core fifty centimeters long. 

The tip was sharp like an awl, and inside the ring on the other side was a small bell that jingled. 

The giant, feeling a real stabbing force, hurriedly removed her hand from the woman and stepped back. 

"Oops, with my temper." 

As the business grew, tourists who had not considered it a big deal became interested and gathered. 

Dante heard the men standing behind them exchanging trivial jokes. 

"She was crazy. She looks just fine, though. How about it, shall we play with you today?" 

"Arthur. You can bleed while dealing with a woman like that. How do you know what will happen?" 

"It's a pity though. She is a rare beauty." 

Dante studied her woman carefully. 

"It's Achaeans... ... ." 

Dante, who has a lot of interest in the psychic, was also a name he had never heard of. 

Well, there are tens of thousands of religions in the world, so it was impossible to know the names of all the gods they believed in. 

The woman was talking the same thing like a parrot. 

"The end is coming. Hurry up and leave the old castle ruins! otherwise everyone will die. What I mean is true!"

"Will leaving solve it?" 

People's eyes were focused on Dante. 

She gained more attention because she was the first person to take the woman's story seriously. 

she said as Dante stepped forward. 

"If the apocalypse really came, wouldn't there have to be a solution? I don't think it's going to end with running away." 

The woman confirmed that Dante was a younger boy than she was, and turned to the crowd with her disappointed expression. 

"I am Totemist Lyria, a mage of the Akeanis Shrine. An edict will be attempted here tonight. Failure to do so can be dangerous. So, please leave here as soon as possible." 

Dante paid more attention to her words that she was her mage than to her feelings of being ignored. 

Mages are those who work in the Order of the Spirit, and the magic circles they use have many similarities to magic circles. 

That's why Dante, who majored in information magic, also studied the spirits, even if only on the surface. 

If the magician materializes the phenomenon through an equal exchange, the magician strengthens one aspect of reason with the power of will. 

The two are similar but different. 

If the fire needs to be extinguished, the wizard will create water. However, the mage suppresses the will of fire by strengthening the will of water. 

What governs the balance of the source. 

Mages call this the law.

It was the ability to encompass a broader and wider range of phenomena, although it lacked a sharp taste like magical transformation. 

Nevertheless, the reason why it does not receive attention in the western world is that the power of the law itself is not logical. 

Mages, exactly white ones, are those who fight to destroy evil in the world. 

However, good and evil are nothing more than artificial distinctions made after human beings were born. 

But how can mages seal evil? 

Due to the ambiguity of this proof, the reality was that people in the world disparaged the law as an imitation of magic, that is, alternative magic. 

"There is no time! Get out of here before the day ends. Your life is at stake!" 

Lyria appealed with a desperate voice, but people didn't even listen. 

Dante looked around her, but when no one came forward, he approached her again. 

"Can I help you?" 

Lyria sighed softly without looking back at her Dante. 

'Anyway, kids these days.' 

It wasn't just once or twice that I met a boy who was peddling in this way while going around to do her rites. 

It seemed that being a magician in itself was a job that aroused quite a bit of curiosity among young children. 

Looking at the boy's appearance, he has a handsome face and a good style. Perhaps he was a kid who had played quite a bit, and even had ear piercings.

'But this time I picked the wrong opponent, kid.' 

Lyria glared at her Dante with her cold eyes. 

"It's not for a kid like you to intervene. You should go home soon too. If you don't want to offend your parents." 

Dante was about to reply, but one of the onlookers said: 

"uh? that child... ... Isn't that Dante? Air servant Dante, the most promising wizard in the kingdom." 

The middle-aged man knew Dante's face thanks to his work at the top of the magic material supply chain. 

Even if they weren't wizards, most people engaged in magic-related work were reading academic journals. 

This is because there are hundreds of types of magical weapons that are newly developed each year, and it is necessary to analyze students' needs to preoccupy popular products. 

"yes? Is that boy a wizard? Doesn't it look like that?" 

"No, I am still a student. But from what I've heard, it's said that it's a skill that even pros can't carelessly touch." 

The magician was a mysterious being to the common people. 

Furthermore, the title of the kingdom's best in any field was not given to just anyone, so people's attention was focused. 

Lilia finally corrected her expression and looked at Dante. 

She, too, as a sorceress, knew much more about the magical community than the average person did, so her feelings of disregard vanished. 

"The best student in the kingdom?" 

Dante licked his lips and shrugged his shoulders.

"No, what... ... Are you going to be number two now?" 

The man working at the magic guild also knew that a boy named Shirone had defeated Dante. 

But nostalgia for a champion is not easily forgotten. 

It was also Dante who boasted an undefeated record since childhood, so the popularity of the public did not cool down easily. 

Lyria didn't care whether Dante was number one or number two. She was a mage with some expertise, and for the first time, it was important that she was taken seriously. 

Dante pointed to the third-floor tavern, she said. 

"This place is a bit different. Shall we go in and have a drink?" 

Lyria looked at Dante with her suspicious eyes. 

Even if he was an excellent wizard, it would be a different story if he flirted with him in this way. 

"If you're thinking about making a deal, find someone else." 

"What are you talking about? Work?" 

"Then why are you trying to help me?" 

"My major is magic circles. Will that deal with the sealed margins too? because I'm interested It might be useful for my major." 

"A magic circle?" 

If the boy's words are true, he will surely be able to help himself in his work. 

Besides, if you're the kingdom's best prospect, at least at the student level, doesn't that mean you're the best at handling magic circles? 

"great. let's go in But I will not drink."

"As you like. I just need a beer too." 

Lyria then brushed her hair, which was piled up in her snow, and followed Dante into her tavern. 

"this... ... It was taken away by a kid who didn't even have blood on her head." 

The old castle site was not only a dating course for lovers, but also a place for lonely singles to find a relationship. 

Numerous young men who tried to stake her work on Lilia looked at the two with envious expressions. 



* * * 



8 o'clock in the evening. 

The old castle site was so quiet. 

The moonlight shimmered down on the statue made of ice. 

Even the sound of laughter resounding from the distant shopping district could be heard reverently here. 

Breaking the silence of the night, the two figures swiftly jumped over the collapsed wall and entered the deserted castle grounds. 

Dante's expression was serious. 

If the story at the tavern was true, the old castle was never safe. 

She said, 'You see the future? Is it really possible?' 

According to Lyria, the head of the Achaeans is a 70-year-old woman named Poriter. 

From the moment she was born, she said, she had the ability to imagine what would happen in the future, like a deja vu. 

Rumors circulated that she was mentally ill when she was young. She even suspected herself of megalomania.

However, what is the probability that the scene of the future that suddenly came to mind coincides even by coincidence? 

One day, at the age of eighteen, Poriter realized that he saw the village burnt down by bandits exactly as he had imagined. 

He has the ability to see the future. 

She couldn't tell by what means she could foresee what was going to happen in the future, but she didn't have the ability to foresee, she said. 

Rather, just as a person walking into the future recalls the past, images like old memories suddenly arise. 

"Did someone like that say that there would be a disaster on the old castle ruins?" 

Lillia nodded her head with her eyes filled with her trust. 

"A disaster is not just a disaster. She said there would be a being who could bring about the end of the world." 

"It is the end of the world. If you're against such a great guy, there's nothing we can do, right?" 

"no. That's why Professor Poriter is great. the future can change I don't know what kind of disaster it is, but I just need to deal with it before it manifests itself. You remove the egg before it hatches." 

"Right. Have you thought of a way?" 

"I'm going to use necromantic sorcery. His energy permeates this place now. After materializing it, I will immediately lock it in the barracks." 

"But will it be easy? What if it is stronger than expected?" 

Lyria put her hand into the barrel she wore behind her waist, took out her spittle, and shook her wrist to ring her bell.

"That's why I, the totemist, was dispatched. This totem has a birch wick embedded in it. If you strengthen the power of the law with this, you will be caught." 

Lyria slammed her totem into the ground. Then she moved away and pulled out another totem, she said. 

"It is true that there was a shortage of manpower because it was a sudden oracle. There is much more evil in the world than people think. Not only me, but most of the ancestral spirits are wandering around the world without even being able to enter their homes." 

Lyria drew a huge circle 20 meters in diameter using 20 totems and walked towards the center. 

Dante asked, following her. 

"I've been curious about it before, how are you doing it?" 

"yes? what?" 

"If it's a magic circle that grants physical restraint, I can design it too. But isn't that what the seal margin is like? It only reacts to evil. When something goes into the Bongmargin, how do you tell if it's good or bad? What is the definition of evil?" 

======================================= 
[332] Midwinter night (3) 





Lilia answered without hesitation. 

"Just think of it. Evil is anything that rejects good." 

"yes? Then what is that line?" 

"Anything that rejects evil." 

"... ... ." 

Lyria explained as if she understood Dante's silence.

"You get a lot of questions like that. But I don't understand it because I try to analyze it in only one way. Logic is, after all, just a way for humans to understand the world. More broadly, it accepts the pre-logic." 

Lillia raised both of her index fingers and crossed them with her X. 

"Good and evil are proving their existence by referring to each other. If there was no good, would you know what evil is? Conversely, because there is evil, the concept of good becomes clearer." 

"Hmm, it seems that the two conflicting concepts support each other's reality." 

"That's right. Mages call this the number of the law." 

"The number of the law?" 

"Every number has a meaning. At first there would be nothing. or infinite The number representing it is 0. Then something comes into existence with its own name, such as Good, Evil, Dante, and Lyria. That's 1. That is why the name of the caster must be included in the seal." 

"Hmm, it's a proper name. Then what about 2?" 

"The reason you couldn't define good and evil is because you saw good and evil as 1 each. But if you combine good and evil and create the concept of 2, that becomes the law." 

Lyria spread her three fingers and continued her words.

"Lyria is 1, Law is 2. Therefore, 3 is the number of finding the perfect self in the law. In the sanctuary, this is called the Trinity. Of course, it is difficult to reach the perfect trinity." 

Lillia's fingers interlocked to draw a triangle. 

"Everything in this world starts with the number 3. This is the number of the law. It is the true intention of the Akhaenis Shrine and the first hwadu given to the ancestral priest." 

By using the number of the law, all the principles of the universe can be expressed. 

It was like Dante saving the world with 0s and 1s. 

And this was the insight of the mages. 

Lyria continued. 

"The seal is different from the magic circle. Those who have not refined their minds through endless discipline will never be able to confine evil. That's why it's a spiritual power. Of course, for that reason, it is not recognized in the academic world." 

After organizing his thoughts, Dante nodded his head. 

"I understand. So what am I going to do from now on?" 

"I think I'll need help in case the disaster materializes with necromantic sorcery. Once materialized, it will affect reality. You also set up a magic circle and protect me if I ever get into danger. There's no need to save me, but it's deadly if the spell breaks before it's sealed. How long will it take to prepare?" 

"Hmm, not much. Do you think we can start now?" 

When Lyria looked at her curiously, Dante smiled.

"I don't like large magic circles. I usually use instant magic circles."

Lyria meekly nodded her head.

The instant magic circle had the flexibility to deal with unforeseen situations even though its power was low.

In fact, the priests also exorcised horses with improvised stick margins when the situation was not favorable.

"Okay. Then let's begin."

As Lyria knelt and prepared to pray, Dante took a step back and prepared for what lay ahead for her.

"Aura hovering in the air, I bind your hands with the chain of holy power. Hover in place. Turn around. As the entity devotes itself, a thousand masks will all be removed."

Lyria's prayer continued endlessly.

She presses on her non-entity by strengthening the will of the entity. Speaking her will through her mouth, increasing her intensity was similar to her verbal command.

After her mage's signature, the necromantic marriage ceremony unfolded.

"In the name of Lyria, I command you to reveal her true identity."

Dante expanded the spirit zone and prepared for battle.

Nothing happened for a minute after that.

But she did not relax as Lyria was still in a prayerful posture.

After a while, she felt the ground shake.

The width of her oscillation was not great, but her radius was enormous. Snow was falling like dust from the ice queen's castle in the distance.

'Sheesh! If you want to come out, come and see me.' 

Dante surrounded himself with a defensive magic circle. 

As time passed, the vibrations gradually got stronger. However, there was still no sign of reality appearing. 

"Huh... ... !" 

A moan escaped Lyria's mouth. 

She was pushing something of hers into reality with all her might, to the point of squeezing every drop of her spirit out of it. 

Suddenly the scenery flashed blue. And finally, a gigantic electric grid stretched across the night sky. 

Dante raised his head with a tired expression. 

Even at a glance, it was not a network made by humans, but a form made up of unspecified connections between charges. 

"Huh!" 

Lyria let out a rough breath as she bounced her upper body. 

Dante couldn't find her way. Is that the reality of the disaster? If so, should I fight? 

No, how the hell do you fight something like that? 

"what? You have to tell me to move." 

Lyria shook her head with her sorrowful expression. 

"I was mistaken. That's not a demon. A pure psyche." 

"Cerebral body? Please explain to me." 

"It has a neutral will that is not biased towards either side. It cannot be sealed in this state. But they seem to be absorbing the laws of this place quickly."

Dante observed the exchange of signals through a network of electromagnetic nets. 

As the patterns increased exponentially, the sky was gleaming with blue light. 

'Damn it, what the hell is this?' 

No two patterns were the same. 

It was proof that the entropy of the information the law was learning was extremely low. 

How could that be? 

The brain of a newborn baby is not so active. This is because learning about nature has already been done at the genetic level. 

"... ... not of this world I'm from another place." 

There was no other way to explain it other than that. 

To the cerebral body, the information collected here would be of a high quality, equivalent to state secrets in terms of human beings. 

Lyria didn't know about entropy. But to some extent she had thoughts similar to Dante's. 

If the mental body were from this world, it could not have been born in such a pure neutral state. 

"Then we have to seal it all the more now! If left alone, it will quickly absorb the evil of this world! I'll try the stick margin!" 

The moment Lyria knelt down again, a sound came from her sky as if her fingernails were scraping against her iron plate. 

As the sharp sound found its own frequency, it created bizarre sound waves that humans could not produce. 

"I... ... who?" 

Dante's face became serious.

The question of who am I means that I have a self. 

So what will happen next? 

Before I could organize my thoughts, a simple yet blind shockwave with no personality pierced me to the ground. 

"Shit!" 

Dante installed a defensive magic circle where Lyria was. 

The shockwave from the cerebral body crashed into the ground with tremendous density and spread out in a ring, creating a strong wind. 

Dante was blown away by a strong wind. 

"Dante!" 

Surprised, Lyria ran to Dante. 

Her mental body disappeared into the night sky as if fleeing, but she couldn't even think of pursuing it. 

"Dante! Dante! Come to your senses!" 

Tears welled up in Lyria's eyes. 

It was he himself who attracted Dante. Also, he accurately fulfilled his promise to protect himself until the end of the pay margin. 

Dante was put in danger by mistaking the identity of the enemy from the beginning. 

If something goes wrong, it's all your fault. 

"Aw, that's the head. I was surprised." 

At that moment, Dante raised his upper body and touched his hair. 

Lyria looked at him with her blank expression. 

"Dante, are you okay?" 

"Huh, that's why instant magic circles are so good."

Dante spread his palms. A gold coin-sized defensive magic circle was engraved with blue light. 

At the moment of crisis, he rescued the defensive magic circle in the shortest time and split the shock wave. 

Lilia finally understood the situation. 

However, in a fleeting moment when she didn't even have a second to spare, she wondered if that was possible. 

The strength drained from her body and she sat down from her standing position and hit her buttocks. 

"Ha, that's good. sorry. Do you know how surprised I was when I thought you were dead?" 

"If I was going to die this much, I would have died a hundred times more. What the hell is that anyway? How can the cerebral body make a shockwave?" 

Lyria regained her composure and rose from her seat. 

"Perhaps it is the law. I think it was a defensive instinct that suddenly popped out as I developed an ego." 

"The law? How can you use the law to produce such monstrous destructive power? It was almost magically powerful." 

Mages who use the law reinforce the opposite concept to pressure the concept they want to attack. 

Therefore, if magic artificially distorts the phenomenon, it can be said that the law distorts the phenomenon according to the order of nature. 

That's why it's true that it's not tied to the equivalent exchange, but its physical power is inferior to that of magic.

"Perhaps it is a law that transcends human boundaries. In terms of 'the number of laws', if humans accept the law as 2, it is 1 for him. Because it was the law from the beginning. It would have been just a cerebral body for close to eons. Since such a being has materialized, the intensity of the law has no choice but to be different." 

"That's why the information entropy was remarkably low. If it exists here, there's no way it hasn't appeared until now. Anyway, the lower the entropy, the faster the change will happen." 

Even if he was unfamiliar with information entropy, Lilia had the same thoughts in terms of lack of time. 

"That's the problem. We need to catch it ASAP. Since it has materialized, it will surely turn into something that will destroy the world." 

"But... ... Are you still in the early stages? There is no guarantee that it will necessarily turn evil." 

Lyria firmly shook her head. 

"It is not possible for Poriter to see all the calamities in the world. But once you see the future, it's never wrong. He said it was an existence that would bring about the end. I assure you, that cerebral body will eventually become evil." 

"Hmm, that's right. but... ... He wouldn't have known that there was something here unless he was a potter. OK, so what do we do now?" 

Lyria was about to say something, but looked at Dante. 

She had some things to correct before she could start the rites in earnest.

"But you... ... You are really strong. To be honest, I didn't expect much help just because I was a student." 

"What, all of a sudden? Even if you don't say that, I'll help you, so don't worry and tell me the plan." 

"No, I mean it. As a member of the Spirit Society, I came to perform numerous exorcism work. I fully understand how powerful the shockwave from earlier was. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have made it this far. I would like to express my gratitude on behalf of the Achaeans who follow goodness." 

Lillia politely put her palms together and bowed her head. 

But Dante didn't even care. 

Awesome, thank you, these expressions have been heard so many times since I was young, now I'm going to have a yawn. 

"Okay, so that's okay. What are you going to do now? Since it has already materialized, is it a spirit soul? Wouldn't that be useless too?" 

"This is a cradle for a newborn cerebrate. I can't leave easily Of course, it's not a situation to relax." 

"Hmm, would you rather go outside and ask for help? No one believed in it before, but now you can see the existence of disasters with your own eyes, right?" 

Lyria shook her head with a pitiful expression. 

"late. After going to the city, everything will be over. If the mental body enters the stage of intellectual thinking, I can't hold it." 

=======================================
[333] Midwinter night (4) 





"So what? Do you have any other method in mind?" 

Lyria drew her totem and held it out. 

"I will isolate this area with the law while the cerebral body stays. I need to install a gold margin, so help me out. Do you know how to calculate a three-dimensional magic square?" 

Dante shrugged her shoulders as if it was no big deal. 

"what... ... Because it's my major." 

Since she majored in her magic circle, she was qualified enough to assist with Lilia's work. 

But Dante was still in doubt. 

Will this be enough? 

Even if the mental body was isolated in the old castle ruins, it was a completely different thing to confine it to the barracks afterwards. 

"Gold margin, can I finish it by tomorrow morning?" 

"It depends on your skill level, but if you and I take half of it, it's probably possible. But why?" 

Dante looked back at the still-lit shopping street. 

Perhaps there, countless couples were wandering the streets following the light like moths. 

"I think this side needs some reinforcement." 



* * * 



Since breaking up with Dante, Shirone and Amy have clearly become less talkative than before. 

But that didn't mean the atmosphere was bleak.

Amy took Dante's advice and was busy thinking about how to find her own style. 

Shirone also couldn't perfectly control the incarnation of anger lurking inside her, so her head was complicated. 

She said, 'It was really dangerous earlier.' 

Armand got out of control and aimed at a person. 

It wasn't that Shirone's mental training was insufficient. Rather, it was right to see that the size of the anger had grown stronger than before. 

Of course, it is natural for people to change their personality as they go through life. 

But he wasn't going in the direction he wanted. 

'I need more fosters. While she is on vacation, she should go to Miss Ethella and seek her advice.' 

After coming to that conclusion, Shirone visited the Snow Crystal, which Shakora had told her about. 

"This is the lodging I was talking about." 

Amy didn't evaluate anything, she just looked at the atmosphere from the outside. 

Shirone scanned the exterior of the building. 

She was in good spirits, as Shakora said. The decoration was luxurious, and the view of the endless snowy field was also to her liking. 

Neither she nor Amy had any complaints about the accommodation. But she still had her doubts. 

It is because there is no reason for Shirone, who is on her first trip, to wander in search of a special inn. 

"Why are you insisting here?"

"yes. I recognized it, and the atmosphere is very good. You will be able to rest comfortably." 

"yes... ... ." 

If it was Shirone, then Amy didn't have to say anything. 

Although she has a practical personality, this trip also has the meaning of consolation, so she must have prepared in her own way. 

So, on the one hand, I was sorry. 

On a day like today, it would be okay to spend the night together, but her current state of mind was indescribably complicated. 

"welcome. It is a snow crystal." 

Shirone, who opened her door and entered, was startled by the blindingly bright light in her eyes. 

Numerous lights illuminated the hall like daylight. 

Passing through the passageway at right angles, there was a wide terrace, and tourists were drinking tea by the torchlight of the fire pit. 

The bard's music came. 

The desperate feelings of an ice queen who freezes everyone around her are contained in her lyrics. 

"Are there two of you?" 

The staff guarding the counter asked with a smile. 

"Yes, there are two of us." 

While Shirone contracted her room with her staff, Amy was looking elsewhere from a distance. 

It doesn't matter if you're traveling in a group with her friends, but it felt strange to come into a place like this with two men. 

"Two rooms, please."

The clerk looked at Shirone and Amy for a moment, then nodded in agreement and put the key on the table. 

"Yes, use 311 and 312. Take the stairs to the 3rd floor and turn right in the hallway. Accommodation is prepaid." 

After paying her amount, Shirone looked back at her Amy, and she too slowly changed her pace and headed for her stairs. 

Said Shirone while walking down the hallway on the third floor. 

"First, unpack your luggage in the room. If you are hungry, shall we go out and eat something?" 

"no. I just want to rest today. My body feels a bit heavy after walking around in a cold place for a long time. Are you fine?" 

If you're really tired, you can rest as much as you like, but for some reason, Shirone got the feeling that she was lying. 

She may be more upset than she expected. 

Although she understood Dante's advice with her head, her feelings were another matter. 

She gets into an argument about the results of the graduation exam, and when Dante asks her opinion, she realizes that she should have sided with Amy. 

"Amy, earlier... ... ." 

Amy, who read Shirone's thoughts, gave her a small smile. 

"Do not misunderstand. Because it's not like that. You know I have no regrets." 

Then, Shirone's heart grew duller. 

Doesn't the fact that the word "endgame" came out mean that there is an end in itself?

After all, if Amy's mind was already a mess, no words would ease her mood. 

In this case, what was needed was time, not conversation. 

"Okay then see you tomorrow." 

"yes. Rest in peace too." 

Amy unlocked her door with her key and entered. She put the Shironedo key in the center of the doorknob. 

When I opened the door and entered, the first thing that caught my eye was the endless snowy field outside the windshield. 

A few hundred meters away, a small torch like a dot lit up, and people were ice fishing there. 

How nice it would have been to see this scene with Amy. 

When I thought of that, I let out a sigh. 

"Whoa." 

"Whoa." 

Shirone and Amy looked at each other at the same time. And as if he had promised, he turned to the door. 

"What is this?" 

There were two doors, but only one room. 

And there was only one bed. 

The two looked at each other with puzzled expressions. 

Silence ensued for a while. 

Shirone's head was saturated with all sorts of thoughts. 

Above all, since she was the lodging she had chosen after all, he had to come up with an excuse.

'Oh, what should I do? Should I ask for a room change? But here all the rooms are like this. Should I just get a refund? Wouldn't Amy be offended by that? No, is she rather the opposite? I need a refund... ... .' 

As Shirone didn't know what to do with her whitened face, Amy let out a small sigh. 

She was behaving somehow out of place, she said. And now that the situation has come to this, the decision now rests with the woman. 

Amy went to her closet and put down her backpack. 

"I can't do anything. Let's unpack it first." 

"uh? Uh, yes!" 

Shirone was still unconcerned. 

As she was unpacking, not even knowing what was in her bag, she asked Amy in passing. 

"Who told you?" 

"yes? what?" 

"There's absolutely no way I would have entered this place knowing it was like this, and didn't someone else introduce me to this place?" 

Shirone confessed honestly despite her embarrassment. 

"Actually, your father... ... ." 

Amy grunted with a look that said she knew it. 

Since the spy was in her family, she couldn't argue with Shirone. 

"They say the atmosphere is really good. I think you'll like it too... ... ." 

The night view was definitely beautiful. However, it was a dangerous place for the two of them.

Amy, roughly organizing her clothes, pointed to the door and said, 

"Let's go down and have dinner." 

When Shirone and Amy left the room and came down to the counter, the staff asked with mischievous eye smiles. 

"Do you like the room?" 

Amy ignored the question and said. 

"I'm going to grab a quick bite, where is the restaurant?" 

It was around 11:00 when Shirone and Amy returned to their lodgings after satisfying their hunger. 

It was like spending as much time outside as possible, but both knew that this was the final destination. 

The whole process of washing and changing clothes came completely different from usual. 

Her body was as heavy as wet cotton because she had been riding in a carriage since yesterday afternoon, but her mind became clearer and clearer. 

No one stumbled upon the only bed. 

They didn't even discuss who would sleep in the bed. 

Beds were taboo here. 

The two sat side by side and looked at the horizon of the snowfield where the white snow meets the black night sky. 

I was able to forget the reality for a while in the mystery of the night view. 

But suddenly, a strange noise from the next room pulled their minds back into reality and threw them back. 

When their eyes met, Shirone's face brightened. 

Amy desperately feigned her composure, avoiding her gaze.

"what? Why is your face red?" 

"Yeah, but you seem to be a little blushing too." 

Amy definitely understood. 

No matter how you think about it, this wasn't it. 

If she had to continue this atmosphere, she would rather sleep on the bed in hell. 

"great! let's talk frankly They're not kids, you don't have to do this, right? Currently we are spending the night together at an inn and I hear something going on next door. And unfortunately, there is only one bed. This is a very strange situation. But now it's over. I know it's a strange situation, so it's not a strange situation anymore. admit? Now, I'm tired, so let's go to sleep." 

Shirone felt more at ease. But on the other hand, she didn't like it either. 

How could she cut emotions like a radish? 

"Are you really going to be okay? I mean, I'm a man too." 

"Know. But nothing will happen, right?" 

Of course you will. 

However, Shirone, whose pride was hurt inside, added a word in a crawling voice. 

"That's something I don't know... ... ." 

Amy laughed at the timid protest. And she thought of her family, who must be imagining all sorts of things at home. 

She said, 'Anyway, the person called Dad... ... .' 

To make them conjoin with a man at an inn with such exquisite traps installed.

This is something that would never be possible with an ordinary aristocratic way of thinking. 

However, the Karmis family, which values ??individuality, boasted an open-minded family style even in love. 

Of course, no matter how open it was, it was unknown whether it would accept commoners. 

Even so, making this decision meant that he liked Shirone that much. 

In any case, the tension eased a little when he thought that there would be no need to look at the family in the future in his relationship with Shirone. 

'Come to think of it, it's amazing.' 

The Karmis family's crimson eyes are better than any other ability at recognizing the opponent's temperament. 

However, it was also true that some talent was not noticed. 

Shirone grew up at a terrifying pace to be recognized by his strict father. 

Even though he is also the master of his elimination, he is put on the same line as the graduating class, as he promised a year ago. 

1 year. 

It has caught up to that huge gap in just one year. 

But he didn't feel embarrassed. 

Even if Shirone were to turn his life back to the beginning and start over, he would have come to this place in the end. 

"To be honest... ... It's true that I was angry with you earlier. I'm sorry you didn't stand by my side when Dante asked." 

Shirone turned his head to look at Amy.

"I do not know either. I just felt sorry for myself. When I heard that Zocre had passed, I was honestly very envious. I wondered what it would have been like if I had transferred schools. I wonder if I was stubborn about a subject I had no skill in. Maybe I'm just not talented enough to go to a prestigious school." 

"Amy, to think so... ... ." 

"Know. If you think negatively, there is no limit. I think that's why I was more pissed off at you. Because I was afraid to admit I was wrong." 

"But now you know what the problem is." 

"right. Dante's analysis is inaccurate. so i'm grateful But... ... I'm still not sure. Will I be able to graduate just because I have a style? I am not confident no matter what I do." 

'Amy... ... .' 

This is why defeat is scary. 

The graduating class is the position at the top of the magic school. 

The feeling of falling from the pinnacle was nothing compared to the feeling when the advanced classes failed the promotion test. 

This is why the probability of passing the second graduation exam for those who failed the first graduation exam was lower than average. 

======================================= 
[334] Midwinter Night (5) 





Shirone held Amy's hand tightly.

"Amy, you are strong. than anyone I know. I will definitely find a solution Because it has always been that way." 

Amy looked back at Shirone's face. She felt electricity run through her body the moment their gazes collided. 

The sight of the moonlight, the sound passing through the walls, and the touch of Shirone through her hands made her heart beat. 

Just as if the things that made you shudder at the mere sight of your eyes a moment ago were lies, hot courage welled up in the hearts of the two. 

'Shirone... ... .' 

Amy had to make her choice. 

Another hellish year was given. 

For her, who had already experienced her one defeat, all she cared about was her only magical achievement. 

However, it was the first time in her life that she wanted to depend on someone and lean on her like this. 

She had neither the strength nor the confidence to overcome it alone. 

Even at this moment when her silence is flowing, Shirone is looking at herself with her unwavering gaze. 

She has to cross a river of no return. 

If she turned away from her gaze even here, Shirone would have left her side. 

She has to accept it in order not to lose her Shirone. 

Amy thought her resolution was over. But she was also flooded with her new hesitation. 

selfish thoughts.

Even if you don't choose anything, even if you coldly pretend you don't know, is it greed that you want me to stay by your side like before? 

'Only one year... ... Can't you just give me one more year? Can't you just stay like this until then so that I can make a careful decision?' 

Amy slowly withdrew her hand. If this disappointed him, it was a hand he would never have let go. 

Amy's heart was filled with ridicule. 

'what? Are you done with your commitment? Liar.' 

I knew the truth. 

That Shirone would wait. 

He couldn't help it even if he cursed at him for being selfish. Graduation exams and Shirone, none of which Amy could not give up. 

"Thank you, Shirone. I'm glad you're here." 

Amy spat out her words, and she wanted to hide somewhere. 

To say that she chose and chose words was such an insincere answer. 

However, Shirone smiled kindly, just as Amy had expected. 

"That goes for me too. Let's work hard." 

Shirone gave Amy a firm grip on her shoulders and went back to her seat, laying her sleeping bag on her floor. 

Amy was relieved. She felt as if she had returned to a past where nothing had happened before. 

However, the eyes of Shirone from earlier in her crimson eyes clearly reminded her that this was reality. 

How long can she wait for her?

Contempt for herself and apologetic feelings for Shirone were tangled in Amy's eyes. 



* * * 



Time past midnight. 

Zocre and the others were in a drunken state. 

Still, he wasn't satisfied, so he bought a large bottle of wine and snacks from a store and settled down in an empty lot around the fortress. 

Zocre opened a bottle of strong whiskey and poured it into the glasses in front of Ludvans and Vivian. 

Finally, having filled his glass, he passed the drink without even toasting. 

"Wow, that's very poisonous. What are you doing? Aren't you going to drink?" 

Ludvans asked anxiously. 

"Aren't you drinking too much? What are you going to do tomorrow?" 

"Tch, if you feel sick, stay at the dorm." 

Vivian dipped her lips in her glass and looked up at the night sky. 

"Haa, there's nothing wrong with graduating. Before graduation, I thought I could really have a lot of fun. Not even men are twisted." 

Zokre pointed at himself with his thumb. 

"We are men too." 

"Oops, Arthur. Are you going to hit me with that face?" 

"haha! Vivian, you're not pretty either." 

Ludbarns agreed. 

"Yes, pretty should be as good as that Amy." 

Zocre's expression crumpled.

"Damn it! I remembered again! How dare you ignore us? They haven't even graduated yet!" 

"By the way, what happened to you and Amy? You didn't have to chase it to the rink. Such trivial actions are looked down upon by them." 

Then, Vivian also waited for an answer as if she was curious. 

Certainly, at the skating rink, Zocre was more excited than usual. 

Joe Kre intended to carry what he did when he was thirteen to his grave. But when the alcohol got in, his mouth itched. 

In fact, it was not a big deal for others to hear, but it was an unbearable humiliation for the person concerned. 

"She confessed to Amy right before she transferred to Eins." 

Vivian made a fuss at the unexpected words. 

"Oh, really? so? So how did it go?" 

"I don't like it." 

"No, no?" 

"yes! They say they hate me! Her heart is grateful, but it's not words that start with, you're a good kid, but you weren't either. It wasn't even a lie that there was a guy I liked! They just hate it!" 

"Oh my, that's really mean!" 

"You are arrogant." 

Vivian and Ludvans threw one word at a time. 

Jokes clenched his fists as he recalled the moment.

"You know what annoys me the most? That's what I answered at the time. 'Yeah, I'm sorry.' I will never forget the humiliation of that time for the rest of my life." 

Vivian clicked her tongue. 

"Anyway, the smooth-faced kids only know themselves? hey hey! rather good How big is the kid? We became wizards. Zocre! you won! now! drink." 

Zocre passed the whole bottle Vivian was pouring. His throat felt as if it were burning, and a fire welled up in his stomach. 

But he felt fine. Still, the only people he could rely on were his friends. 

What if it's not a prestigious school? 

I met a person I could relate to, so I had no regrets or remorse. 

Zocre and his party served as a side dish for Zocre's gruesome past, and continued to drink. 

Then the world started spinning. 

The winter wind howled and passed over the snowfield. 

Suddenly, no one spoke. 

Everyone knows that no matter how comforting you are, the truth will not change in the end. 

Zocre couldn't beat Amy. 

Vivian bent his back and touched the ground. Her pupils looking up at her sky were already unleashed. 

He let out a breath full of heat.

"Actually, what? Alpheas Magic School is one of the 5 most prestigious schools in the kingdom, and once you graduate, you can at least get a job at an authorized institution." 

Zocre and Ludvans silently agreed. 

Becoming a wizard does not mean that everyone gets a job under the same conditions. The rank and connections of the aristocracy cannot be ignored, but since it is a merit-oriented society, the treatment is stark according to origin. 

Anyone working in the wizarding community knew that there was a difference in competitiveness between prestigious schools and regular schools. 

So it was only natural that the treatment was different. 

said Ludbarns. 

"Anyway, we graduated from magic school and became wizards. That's great too. Wizards who didn't even graduate from school and just learned a single spell are all over the world." 

Whether you graduate from school or join a guild, the certificate you receive is non-official, so there is no difference. 

Even so, the reason why students put their neck on the school was to engrave a line of school name in the khan of the license. 

In fact, the level of wizards whose guild name was engraved in their place of origin had fallen to the point that Zocre and the others could make fun of them. 

But that fact was no consolation. 

On top of those from school, there are those from prestigious schools. And their ground task was a certified wizard license. 

The wizards of the guild are also treated as pros because they make money with magic, but the only way to be recognized as a wizard in the kingdom was to obtain an official license.

However, not everyone can obtain a certified wizard. 

Because it is one of the five major exams in the kingdom, the competition rate is enormous, and all talented wizards from all over the country gather. 

Admission to a prestigious magic school, promotion every year, passing the graduation exam, taking the certified wizard exam and passing. You have to take this course to be treated as an elite in the wizarding society. 

So, from the starting point, it was impossible to flirt with the other Zocre and his party, saying that they were only above the guild wizards. 

shouted Jocre as he took his drink out of the bottle and drank it. 

"Damn it! We don't care if others get licenses from the guild or not. After all, everyone at work is a wizard. Besides, our boss must have graduated from a prestigious school. look at dante He said he broke professional wizards ever since he was in the Royal Magic School." 

"But isn't that just gossip in the journal submissions section?" 

Zokre's tongue gradually twisted. 

"What do you know? It's the same anyway. We have to compete on resumes with the top 5 kids in the kingdom. Would you vote for us in the association's main body? Besides, we're not even the highest aristocrats. In the end, you become 9th grade while chasing others, work like a dog and become 8th grade, and after about 10 years like that? All of the graduates of prestigious schools have already reached the 6th grade and will be sitting in the manager's seat." 

It was a word that came out while drunk, but it was not a lie. Eventually accepting the reality, Vivian nodded.

"but. Besides, prestigious schools are not the end. Even there, the kids who graduate with the highest grades rise to the 6th grade within 2-3 years. What are you saying to us?" 

Zocre said while pointing his finger. 

"You know what annoys me more? Such geniuses eventually become teachers and are assigned to prestigious schools? It's the inheritance of talent. Because genius teachers teach, geniuses come. In short, we cannot even dare to intervene." 

Little by little, the elixir began to mix with Zocre's words, but they weren't entirely wrong. 

Of course, there are those who have risen to the top of the wizarding society among ordinary school graduates. 

However, such singularities lose their meaning in the face of the magic of average. 

Those who graduated from ordinary schools are inferior to those from prestigious schools. 

This was the only orthodoxy recognized by the world. 

The pessimistic stories that sprang out of the mouths of Zokre and his party continued to hover around the drinking party, not going away even in the wind. 

When I was in school, I thought it wouldn't matter if I became a wizard. However, once he became a wizard, his earnest heart disappeared like a mirage and a new worry arose. 

He said an idea that came to Vivian's mind while looking up at the stars. 

"Have you ever thought about this? It's as if this world is a play. We live our lives, and someone is watching us." 

Zocre and Ludvans turned to Vivian.

"If that were the case, I would never be the main character. The audience will never want my success. You probably won't even be interested. Get out of here, no, maybe you want me to die." 

Zocre looked at Vivian pitifully. 

From an early age he was a sensitive friend. But what was truly heartbreaking was the fact that these remarks were not just out of drunkenness. 

Maybe she was right about what she said. 

"What are you worrying about? Life is not a play. that no one knows And no one cares about you." 

"But it is. Shirone, Dante, and Amy. Do they know how much we wanted to be like them? I don't know. They just get along with each other. Maybe we didn't have a place to intervene in the first place. Like an extra in a play." 

The atmosphere at the drinking party became extremely depressing. 

In particular, Jocre, who couldn't refute Vivian's words, couldn't stand it because he was pathetic. 

"Damn it! what! It's a graduation celebration trip! We passed! You became a wizard! I mean we won! All in all, meet the unlucky children!" 

Zocre put the spout of the bottle in his mouth and blew on the nabal. The strong drink flowed down his throat. 

======================================= 
[335] Midwinter's Night (6)





4 a.m. 

The nature of the ice queen. 

The brown wine bottle hit the castle wall and broke. 

"You children! Come out! Come on!" 

Drunk Zocre screamed loudly. His pupils were completely undone, and his steps were staggering. 

Ludvans and Vivian supported him from left and right. 

"Zocre, don't do it. Then what do you do if you get caught? You can't come in here at this hour." 

Depression turned into anger through intoxication. 

Joe Kre needed something to fight for, and his fighting spirit for the world eventually made him go beyond the bounds. 

"haha! who touches me I am a wizard! A true wizard! Oh yes! I'll blow up the guards with one magic shot!" 

Jocre shook his body and shook his friends. 

Vivian and Ludvans couldn't stop it. No matter how much alcohol they drank, they were also in a situation where their minds went back and forth. 

At least, Ludvans, who did not have an injection, clung to Zocre again and led him back to his true nature. 

"cold. let's go in If you shout more here, you will get into trouble." 

"alcohol! Lud Barnes! Let's have a drink! Let's drink it up!" 

"okay. So be quiet and follow me." 

The hall from which people had left was bleak.

In the daytime, the objects that were casually passed by gave off a grotesque feeling as if they had life. 

The ice queen's figure reflected in the cold moonlight through her window was especially eerie. 

Vivian rubbed her shoulder, she said. 

"Some lighting magic." 

Zocre wasn't in the mood to cast magic, so Ludvans and Vivian cast lighting magic. 

However, since they were also drunk, the magic was successful only after several trials and errors. 

With a popping sound, two lights rose to the ceiling, instantly brightening the hall. 

Zokre crawled up the slippery ice steps. 

Entering the corridor on the 1.5th floor, he quarreled with a wax figure of the Ice Queen trapped in a giant ice. 

"Hey, Mr. Ice Queen? Good night? Would you like to have a drink together?" 

No answer was heard. 

"haha! Look! The legendary wizard is no big deal either. On the topic of sleeping trapped in ice at best! Is that even magic?" 



 -Magic. A law that twists the status quo. ice queen. Wizard. 



The cerebral body absorbed information from Zokre. 

Optrus, materialized by Lyria's necromantic spirit, instinctively fled to the place where the most familiar thoughts were concentrated. 

That place was the Ice Queen's true nature.

This is because the ice queen accounted for the largest portion of the information that tourists vomited. 

Optrus was quickly adapting to this world based on a lot of information. 

After a certain point, awareness occurred in the mental body, where only sensations existed. 

As the senses and cognition communicated with each other, the preservation of simple knowledge began to pass into the stage of thinking. 



 -I think. Highly exists. 



Optrus came to the conclusion that it needed a form to prove its existence. And she found a special vessel in which she could materialize her thoughts. 



The Ice Queen opened her eyes in a flash. 

Zokre wasn't surprised. Because she knows that if she stands on the foot of a wax figure, she will open her eyes. 

The beauty of the ice queen made his wounds more throbbing at being so trivially abandoned by a woman. 

Zokre knocked on the ice as if knocking on her door. 

"Hey, my queen. Would you like to fall in love with me? huh? Hehehe." 

Vivian looked pathetically at Jocre's injection and clicked her tongue. 

"It's completely tasteless. hey, calm down If you lose your mind here, you will freeze to death." 

Zocre rolled up his sleeves and got into a fight with the Ice Queen. 

"Okay, let's stick together. It's a wizard versus wizard battle. Instead, if I win, you will go out with me."

As the information collected so far is classified into the category of experience, Optrus has reached the stage of judging the world based on its own standards. 



 -What is strength? superiority in some characteristic. quality control. Transformation, alteration, change of the physical system. 



Then, a question suddenly came to my mind. 



 -then... ... am i strong 



"Stop it now. let's go back let's get some sleep How long are you going to stay here like this?" 

Seeing that Zocre's eyes were half locked, Ludvans hugged him from behind and dragged him. 

Vivian, sighing with her arms crossed, glanced at the Ice Queen and followed Lud Barnes. 

And the moment she took a step, she turned her neck around as her face broke in her astonishment. 

"Uh huh?" 

The ice queen's eyes, which should have been looking straight ahead at her, were looking at her. 

Vivian thought she was less sober. 

However, no matter how much she regained her senses, the Ice Queen's gaze was clearly sideways. 

It felt like her hair was standing on end. Shock came as her heart pounded. 

"Hey, hey, guys... ... ." 

Zokre's voice receded down the stairs. 

"Well, you want to go out with me... ... Well?" 

don't leave me! 

Vivian was so terrified that she couldn't make a sound.

The Ice Queen's gaze, apparently made of wax, now moved freely and looked around. 

Emotionally, she seemed to be analyzing what substance was imprisoning her. 

Vivian wasn't even sick, but she felt like she was going to die. 

No, it was even scarier than dying. 

The desire to live pushed air into her stomach as she felt the distance from her friends growing away as time went by. 

Vivian cried the loudest of her life. 

"Yaaaaaa!" 

The hall roared, echoing her screams. 

As Lud Barnes, who was descending the stairs, turned her head in surprise, a light flashed in the area where the Ice Queen was. 

"what?" 

Ludvans left Zocre and went up the stairs. 

The Ice Queen was bathed in the radiance, and her pale-faced Vivian watched it, her chin shaking. 

"Lou, Ludbarns... ... this this... ... ." 

The ice queen's waxy skin cracked open, and light leaked through the cracks. 

As her body vibrated, her ice block cracked and divided her into thousands of pieces of gold that were about to explode. 

'You have to avoid it. I have to avoid... ... .' 

The ice block exploded with a roar. At the same time, Ruud Barnes grabbed Vivian and threw her body. 

Ice shards spread to the far end of the hall.

Zokre, who was on the stairs, hurriedly covered his face as shrapnel flew by. And he raised his head in amazement. 

Vivian couldn't take her eyes off the Ice Queen even as she stomped her ass. 

Inside the shattered wax figure was a phosphorescent glow that glowed golden. 

It moved slowly and approached the railing. 

As the light gradually faded, the ice queen appeared, full of liveliness that was incomparable to that of a moment ago. 

Vivian muttered in disbelief. 

"The Ice Queen... ... Is she resurrected?" 

Watching the return of her ice queen up close, she clearly saw the wax skin cracking like a mould, filling a new ice queen inside. 

Zocre arrived in the hallway across the street and was about to run to Vivian, but stopped abruptly. 

Like Vivian, his face was white. 

"The Ice Queen?" 

Was the legend true? 

If the current situation was not a dream, he was now confronting the wizard who had dropped countless people to their deaths. 

"Haaaaa." 

The Ice Queen opened her mouth and let out her air. As the frost seeped out of her, the air around her began to freeze like a thin layer of ice. 

"This is the freezing phenomenon." 

It was a beautiful voice.

But upon encountering the Ice Queen's inanimate eyes, Zokre felt the blood running through his veins freeze. 

said the Ice Queen, who had her nonchalant gaze at her jocre. 

"If you beat me, I'll do it for you. It's called dating." 

"eww... ... Aaaaaa!" 

Jocre's nerves raced toward her death. 

On the contrary, his desire to live removed the energy of alcohol in an instant and deployed the magic he had been training for the longest time. 

A fireball was born on his palm. 

Zocre's specialty is short-range fire magic. 

Although he is not fast-firing, he could boast that he was not defeated by anyone in terms of power. 

"Joke! no!" 

Vivian shouted. From the third person's point of view, it was a reckless act. 

However, if her eyes met the Ice Queen, she would have had no choice but to do the same as Zokre. 

"Die, die!" 

The fireball thrown by Zocre hit the Ice Queen's head. 

No, she seemed to have no intention of avoiding it from the start. A popping sound set the top of her neck on fire. 

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" 

Originally a wax figure, Vivian screamed as she imagined a human candle. 

In any case, the water had already been spilled. 

Ludvans, who was rational at least, murmured while carefully examining the Ice Queen's movements.

"Is he dead?" 

The Ice Queen didn't even move. Because all her nerves are focused on her brain. 

It was the first sensation she was experiencing since she gained form and it was exciting. 

The pain of burning her face was terrible, for she had transformed her law into creature form. 

But to her, who couldn't clearly define her pain, her pain was just an abnormal sensory state. 

'Is this the heat? It absorbs energy and subdues it.' 

As the energy was drained through her law, the fire died out in an instant, freezing the atmosphere around her. 

Her hideously distorted ice queen face was revealed. 

The person who made her do it, Joe Kre, was so numb that he knocked her on the buttock. 

"Ahh, buy, save... ... ." 

The Ice Queen savored the nervous system convulsing in her face. 

Pain was a truly unpleasant sensation. 

'The brain... ... .' 

The Ice Queen's face began to play little by little as she approached her jockey. 

She "nearly melted." 

If your brain melts, you die. 

it's a creature. 

"Help me! Wrong!" 

Jocre fell flat and begged for her life. Dealing with a mage who was alive even after burning her face was insane. 

"Zocre!" 

Vivian and Ludvans ran and blocked Zocre's way.

Even though they couldn't be the Ice Queen's opponents, Zocre felt that the friends who stood in front of him were like saviors. 

Vivian knelt down and ejaculated. 

"Help me! It was because my friend was drunk! I never had any intention of attacking the queen." 

"alcohol?" 

Alcohol. brain. Disrupting substances. 

"Right." 

When she discovered that the cause of her pain was a disruptor in her brain, the Ice Queen turned her attention away. 

"I don't think absorbing something called alcohol is very beneficial to a creature." 

"Yes! Yeah! sorry." 

"Then what are you going to do now?" 

The Ice Queen asked with pure doubt. 

She was born as a human and met a human. If so, they wondered what they would do to themselves. 

Her innocence and madness go hand in hand, and her Ice Queen's candid question terrified Jocre. 

"I will do anything you ask me to do. So please, just spare my life." 

"Are you doing what you're told to do?" 

"Yes, whatever... ... ." 

The Ice Queen tilted her head. 

"why?" 

Zokre looked up at the Ice Queen with her bewildered eyes. 

When she came to her senses, she noticed that her tone and behavior were strange.

However, if the legend is true, it has been in hibernation for 800 years. It is very possible that he lost his memory. 

"Of course, the queen is the ruler. She is also a great wizard. So she must rule again." 

"control?" 

The Ice Queen's head tilted even more. Then she frowned as if she didn't like something. 

She borrowed a human form and gained her personality, but her information processing speed was markedly off. 

However, such discrepancies in the nervous system were only accepted as a characteristic of living things, not unpleasant. 

"Right. I rule. Because I am strong." 

Zokre let out a sigh of relief. 

As expected, the Ice Queen was the Ice Queen. Had she cheated, she would have surely lost her life. 

"This is a wise statement. It is different from us who are weak." 

Zocre groaned endlessly. 

It is the point at which her whole life of hard work has barely yielded her first results. 

If he was killed by dogs in a remote place before he even enjoyed his life as a wizard, he would not be able to close his eyes even after becoming a corpse. 

======================================= 
[336] Midwinter's Night (7) 





Jocre Thinking of her words, the Ice Queen gently bent her back and looked down at him. 

"Do you want to become strong too?"

Zokre blinked absentmindedly, not understanding the Ice Queen's intentions. 

In the legend, she was a sorceress so powerful that even her kingdom could not handle it. Wasn't that why she was exiled to a place like this? 

But she put her survival first. It would be a waste if she got caught up in a useless judo newspaper and offended the queen. 

"I want to be strong!" 

Suddenly Vivian shouted. 

Jocre looked back at her in dismay. 

'You fool!' 

Are you still sober? 

Of course, it wasn't that she didn't understand her feelings. 

How long had she suffered from frustration all her life? 

If one day a god appeared and said he would grant a wish, it was the people of this bottom who gave up wealth and fame and lifelong lovers and asked for magic. 

But this time the timing wasn't good. 

It's not enough that everything around her has been frozen, what can she expect from a woman who has even imprisoned herself in her ice? 

Maybe it's because the situation right now is so unrealistic. 

That's why her theory of life drama might have been advanced. 

Vivian, whether aware of Jo Kre's burning feelings or not, was looking up at the Ice Queen with her longing eyes. 

Even if this would be the trap of her life, she knew it wasn't an opportunity that came to just anyone.

"Teach me, my queen. Magic on me!" 

The suppressed drunkenness came up all at once as the sad emotions surged. 

But her mind was clearer than at any other time in her life. 

The Ice Queen raised her hand in silence. 

The information she acquired when she was Optrus is now stored in a space called memory. 

Also, since she was born on her own, she accepted the rules of this world as pure information, and was able to control it. 

wave of rate. 

The strong wind spread so much that the atmosphere drew concentric circles. 

However, Zokre and his party couldn't feel the wind. She only realized that something about her had changed. 

Her group of jocres peered into her own hands and trembled in disbelief. 

The world they feel is completely different from just a moment ago. 

The Ice Queen said nonchalantly. 

"Is that the law you want?" 

Jocre, who was moved by her, nodded her head, unable to even answer her. 

She can neither feel nor realize. before that happens. 

But she must feel and realize. if that situation comes up. 

That was the change of the law. 

'Nonsense. How is this possible?' 

Jockre clasped his hands. 

Vivian was right.

Today's incident was the biggest and most complete reversal that could happen in one's life. 

Wave of rate (1) 





The next morning. 

Shirone and Amy toured the prison in the old castle. 

The flow of time had crumbled and eroded it, and now it was half exposed above the ground. 

Although magic has a long history, its academic definition was relatively recent. 800 years ago, there was not enough research on batteries, so primitive magic was the main focus. 

Especially at that time, the power of the Holy Church was so strong that it was the time when the foundation of the current Holy Magic was established. 

As such, wizards were persecuted. 

The ability that did not borrow the name of God was considered the power of the devil, and there were many wizards who were abandoned by their families. 

The two were taken to a prison where wizards were captured and tortured. 

In front of an apparatus that bound his limbs and then stretched his spine, Shirone swept away a chilling goosebumps. 

"Ugh, how do you come up with a tool like this? It must have been really painful." 

"Wizards must have had a hard time too. Magic isn't something you can say you want. It's a gifted talent now, but at the time it must have been a curse." 

Shirone and Amy left the dungeon. 

When I climbed the stairs connected to the ground, everyone was staring at the sky. A huge dark cloud was rolling in from the sky on the other side.

Winters in the Leth Mountains were famous for clear skies as westerly winds rose through the mountains and created high pressure. 

Occasionally, localized cyclones drop snow, but even those who visit the annual winter festival have never seen such thick dark clouds. 

"what? It doesn't look like it will rain." 

The wind was not strong. Even so, the dark clouds were approaching at high speed like smoke and covering the sky. 

The temperature began to drop rapidly. 

As the cold wave hit, even thickly-clad people felt the cold, and anxiety was finally revealed on the faces of the tourists. 

"What, what? Is the weather crazy?" 

Shirone and Amy also tightened their collars and watched the situation. 

It was an abnormal temperature that could not be regarded simply as a change in the weather. 

"Amy, something is strange. In nature, the temperature cannot drop so quickly." 

"Yeah. It's like magic, right?" 

A thunderclap erupted from the ice queen's castle. Then, a powerful wave that was born pushed the dark clouds away and galloped away. 

The folds of the atmosphere along the grain were clearly visible. 

"Dangerous!" 

Shirone stood in front of Amy. 

She didn't even have time to dodge. Waves rushing in at high speed were approaching, sweeping away from the outskirts of the crowd. 

"Move!"

A woman in uniform stopped Shirone and Amy. 

She was the sorceress Lyria. 

She quickly moved her fingers and made the sign. 

The barriers of the law spread as the three basic signs of the rites, prohibition, antiban, and suppression, were connected in succession like water flowing. 

The moment a powerful wave swept through them, a shock wave exploded in front of Lilia's eyes. 

"Wow!" 

Lyria's body flew back like her cannonball. 

All her tourists stared at her. Her wave swept through, but she was the only one who actually got her shock. 

"What, what? what's the matter?" 

Even after falling to the floor, Lilia continued to roll over. 

She lowered her stance as Dante appeared across. And received her exactly as her breast. 

"It's fine?" 

Leaning on her Dante, Lyria bit her lip. She has done numerous edicts so far, but this is the first time she has ever used such a powerful law. 

Shirone and Amy found Dante and ran. 

They had a hunch that the woman in Dante's company had protected them from something of hers. 

"Dante, what is it? What's going on?" 

Dante put off an answer and raised her Lyria to her feet. 

Law, unlike magic, has no physical impact. Whether Shirone and Amy were normal was something that Lillia had to answer.

"How are you? Did you succeed?" 

"It was close. How about you?" 

The wave of Yul spread quickly, and it was impossible for Lilia to defend both places. No matter how brilliant she was, it was impossible to stop her law if she couldn't control the will of gold, half, and chain. 

Dante pulled out the totem from his neck. 

"Thanks to." 

A pendant shaped like a monster's face hung from a twisted birch bark collar. 

Even though it looked ferocious, it was a guardian deity that chased away evil spirits. 

There was a crack diagonally along the forehead of the guardian deity, which was caused by being exposed to the waves of the law. 

When I placed it on her palm, I couldn't stand it and it split in two with a snapping sound. 

Dante held out her totem with a shy expression. 

"Didn't I say there was only one? Sorry." 

Lillia shook her head vigorously. 

"You don't have to be sorry. Because totem is like that. It means that it was a law so strong that Rakshasa was split. I'm just glad I stopped." 

Shirone could not understand the conversation between the two. Anyway, the situation seemed serious, so I intervened. 

"Dante, what happened?" 

Lyria answered. 

"I was lucky. you will be fine." 

Amy asked with a frustrated expression. 

"So, what the hell is going on?"

Lyria looked at Shirone and Amy alternately. 

It was already foreseen that the cerebral body that had gained a self would change the laws around it in order to survive. In such a situation, there were only two or three people that Lyria could save from the law in an instant. 

There are currently hundreds of people gathered here alone. 

And among them, there must have been people who had the necessary abilities for this ritual. 

Is it really the right choice? 

I couldn't foresee the consequences of giving up on them all and protecting a couple who weren't even 20 years old. 

"Dante, who are these kids? I did not follow your words to save your friends." 

Dante reflected on the Ice Queen's true nature, she said. 

She said, "You said second place." 

"Second place? What comes second?" 

Dante squinted one eye at her. 

It was something she learned from spending the night, but she really didn't notice Lilia. 

She didn't want to explain at length. Even if she talked about it word for word, what would she be left with? 

"He is number one. First place in the kingdom." 

Lyria looked back at Shirone with a surprised expression. 

Even though she is not a pro yet, she is allied with Dante because he is recognized and highly skilled in her kingdom. 

Since mages don't have a competitive system like wizards, she wasn't particularly impressed when she heard that she was ranked second.

How many people are in the kingdom, what does it matter whether they are first or second? 

If you're just second, you're a very good student. 

But here it was. 

It was her shock to her to have first and second class in one place in this vast kingdom. 

She said, 'This kid really beat Dante?' 

She was a good impression. Except for the fact that her eyes are alive, she has the aura of No. 1 anywhere in the country. 

Dante's skills were personally experienced yesterday morning. 

His ability to respond to actual battles, judgment, and outstanding skills were comparable to those of the pros. 

To be honest, as a mage, Lilia couldn't imagine what her skills surpassed him. 

Dante said, pointing to the Ice Queen's true nature. 

She said, "Come. Shirone and Amy are ready too. You probably don't understand, but you better relax." 

A woman wearing the same dress as the Ice Queen was flying here across the sky. 

"Um, isn't that the ice queen?" 

The ice queen arrived above her and slowly descended to her ground. 

A flash of her light flashed far away from her, then a curved flash of teleportation flew in and she crashed beside her. 

Her Amy's eyes widened. 

"Zocre? why are you... ... ?" 

Zokre laughed and prostrated himself behind the Ice Queen. Then Ludvans and Vivian landed.

No one understood the situation. 

At least Shirone and Amy were feeling a sense of crisis, but the tourists rather seemed to have relaxed and smiled. 

"haha! Are you the real ice queen? What kind of event is this?" 

"Wow, are they really similar? How did you find the same person among wizards?" 

It was natural to consider it as part of the festival. 

Otherwise, the Ice Queen couldn't actually wander right in front of her eyes? 

If Shirone hadn't seen the shockwave that erupted right in front of Lyria's eyes, she would have thought that the organizers had held the most concert. 

Tourists clapped and cheered as the Ice Queen stepped out into her crowd. 

Winter festivals are held every year, but this year's special event was even more novel than they thought. 

Thinking of resurrecting the legendary Ice Queen? 

Even the ice queen made of wax has many fans in love with its beauty. However, the appearance of the woman playing her role was so beautiful that it could not be compared to a wax figure. 

She was a brilliant ability possessed by the power of life. 

"Whee! Ice Queen! Please hold her hand just once!" 

The pot-bellied man smiled broadly and extended his hand to her, and the person next to her stopped as if it were Arthur. 

"Oh, rudely. Then she might freeze."

People burst into laughter. No one realized that this was the real situation. 

Even in the middle of her jokes, the Ice Queen just moved her steps with her nonchalant face. 

Lyria kept an eye on the Ice Queen's every move while holding hands. 

'What? What law did you touch?' 

The wave of the law changed the laws of everyone except Shirone and the others. 

Nothing special had happened yet, but judging from the power of the wave, the range of change would have been enormous. 

======================================= 
[337] Wave of Eul (2) 





Ice Queen He said as he slowly raised his hand. 

"You weak humans, kneel before me." 

The Ice Queen's voice sounded so sincere that her tourists clapped and rejoiced. 

"Nice voice! Is that plausible?" 

"Hey, my queen! look back on this one too Don't do that, take this opportunity to shake hands with the Ice Queen... ... Kuck!" 

The man suddenly grabbed him by the neck and dropped him to his knees. 

The same situation happened to people at the same time. 

His blood-soaked face was red as if it would burst at any moment. He desperately sucked in air, but his breathing was becoming more and more rough. 

The only people standing normally were Shirone and the others.

Shirone observed changes in people. Before they knew it, necklaces with cone spikes were stuffed around their necks. 

Lyria muttered, frowning on her face. 

"That's the Law Wheel... ... ?" 

The wheel of the law is an exorcism tool of the rites that contains the principles of the law in its shape, and its effectiveness is maximized the closer it is to a perfect circle. 

Law wheels that could be obtained from civilians were merely imitations, and at best they promoted mental and physical stability. 

However, it was impossible to manufacture the official Dharma wheel possessed by the ancestral priest unless the arms maker had reached the state of nirvana. 

In Lilia's eyes, the Law Wheels hung around people's necks were genuine. 

It is impossible to distinguish Won's perfection with the naked eye, but the priests who have gone through long training can feel Won's temperament with their inner eyes. 

"The Wheel of Redemption. It's not a thing of this world. you guys be careful too If you get swept away by the waves of the law, that's what you'll end up with." 

When all the people who were affected by the wave of the law lost strength in their legs and knelt down, the wheel of the law loosened and air finally entered their prayers. 

Heavy breathing could be heard from everywhere. 

"Ouch! Wow! what? Who filled this necklace?" 

"hey! Someone please release this!" 

As he looked at the terrified screaming people, Jocre felt a shudder run down his spine. 

The shape of the law wheel was the embodiment of the Ice Queen's own memories, but the way she strangled people was a strategy she proposed.

The Ice Queen can change the rules of the world. 

In fact, she wondered if this was possible, but when she saw everyone kneeling, she definitely realized it. 

The legend of the Ice Queen, which dominated the era 800 years ago, was true without a single lie. 

'done! It really is! I never thought a day like this would come to me.' 

At this rate, ruling the world was no longer a dream. 

What's more, she couldn't remember anything from her past, probably because she had been in hibernation for 800 years. 

The sorceress who terrorized the world has become a child who can win if she gives her a piece of candy. 

'I will have the ice queen.' 

After tidying up her place, she thought of gently coaxing her ice queen into her own woman. 

It was strange to her that she was dating someone over eight hundred years old, but she seemed to be able to get over it if she coaxed her, and above all, she was beautiful. 

Even compared to Amy, who had dumped herself five years earlier, she wasn't inferior in her looks. 

While she was alone in her delusion, the Ice Queen asked, turning to her jocre. 

"Is it okay to do this?" 

Jockre smiled with satisfaction at the Ice Queen's attitude of relying on her by asking about every little thing. 

But she didn't have to offend her yet, so she replied, bowing her head as if she were really her queen.

"Yes. Everyone will obey the queen." 

Lyria realized that most of the elements that made up the Ice Queen's personality were influenced by Zokre. 

She said, 'Is the prophecy in the end... ... .' 

As with most Advent myths, this time the Ice Queen would meet a single human and plunge the world into an abyss of evil. 

Shirone looked at the bleak landscape with hundreds of people on her knees with a tired expression. 

"What is this? I don't think it's magic." 

It was a natural question for those who did not know the law. 

It is not equivalent exchange. 

There was no way to get the wheel of the law to strangle hundreds of people for not following directions. 

Eating out by Lee Ki-rin, head of the fairy department in heaven, was not so disastrous. 

Dante, who did not have time to explain, spoke briefly. 

"It is the ability called the law. Be careful. That woman has the ability to change the rules of the world." 

"A change in the rules?" 

The first thing Shirone thought of was the Akashic Records. 

However, no being other than the Infinite Wizard could twist the rules on such a grand scale. 

If so, one possibility. 

It was the case with the Akashic Records from the beginning. 

"which... ... Is it like a conceptual body?" 

Lyria opened her eyes wide and turned her head away.

It was impossible to see the spirit body devoted to the human body and grasp its essence unless you were a practitioner of the spiritual system. 

'This child knows the law... ... .' 

Most people go through their lives unaware that the world operates according to the rules of the whole. 

It was surprising that Shirone was aware of the mechanism of the law, which was handed down to only a few people in the shrine. 

"right. In the first place, it was a mental body that could not be identified. It's a phenomenon called a demigod. It is impossible for you who do not know the law to defend. Don't fall away from me." 

Amy raised her fist and yelled at Jocre. 

"you! What the hell are you up to?" 

"ha ha ha! decorate? Do you still see this as a joke? We will conquer the world." 

"Stop talking nonsense! Are you sure?" 

Zocre sneered and told the people. 

"Everyone worship the Queen. If you don't obey, the queen's law will kill you." 

As the wheel of the law tightened their necks and entered, the black-and-white people put their hands on the floor and groaned. 

Then he shouted in a strained voice. 

"Hey, long live the queen!" 

"I will follow the Queen!" 

When the faces of those who worshiped the queen returned to a calm state, Shirone finally realized the seriousness of the situation.

The law also applies to Zokre's instructions. This is because, unlike magic, which logically designates a target, the law rebalances the whole. 

As the praises of the Ice Queen shot through the sky, Jokre felt a pleasure he had never felt before in his life. 

It was as if they all worshiped him. 

"how? this is my strength If you come under me even now, I'll save you from that kind of situation." 

Zocre expected to see Shirone and the others tremble. However, contrary to expectations, no one moved and watched the situation. 

Dante, with his hands in his pockets, crookedly walked out. 

"Hey, you. How's your mind going? Do you know what you are doing?" 

"under! do you think i'm crazy You're welcome! Don't you know what people are like by looking at them? You will end up like that too." 

"You, you just almost killed hundreds of people." 

The blood drained from Zokre's face. 

"You want to rule the world? Do you know what that means or are you talking about it? Can you really take responsibility for those words?" 

"Ouch... ... !" 

Zokre couldn't answer. 

Becoming the ruler of the world is an ambition that every man has had at least once. But when he came back to reality he was just a 1 human being who hated going to prison and hated dying even more.

The Ice Queen can change the rules. So if you put her on a leash, she will obey her commands even if she doesn't want to die. 

This was all of Zocre's calculated thoughts. 

But what if she refuses? 

They all become corpses with their neck bones broken. 

Of course, no one wants to die, but once I imagined it, I felt an unbearable fear. 

'Can I really conquer the world?' 

As Dante said, he may have been insane for a while. 

While I was thinking that, I heard Vivian's voice. 

"huh! what did that mean? According to us, no one dies! Then you will be the first victim!" 

Zocre looked back at Vivian with a blank expression. Overnight, her eyes had completely changed. 

"How long did you know you were the main characters of the world? We are the ones in control of this situation!" 

'Vivian... ... .' 

Zocre saw Vivian and realized. 

She was prepared to lose everything to take her one chance at her own life. 

Yeah, she has nowhere else to back down. If she came this far, whatever it was, she would have to put an end to it. 

Because great undertakings require courage. 

Jo Kre, regaining her composure, walked out, holding out her hand.

"Get down on your knees, Amy. and blame me Otherwise, I will kill everyone in this room." 

Shocked by Zokre's words, the people raised their heads. I already felt like the law wheel was tightening my neck. 

"hey! Get on your knees! I'm really going to die like this!" 

"You damn kids! I mean do it quickly! I wish I was wrong!" 

The tourists didn't care what Shirone's party did to Zocre. 

If you don't follow the instructions, everyone will die. 

Even if you didn't do anything wrong, of course you should obey Zocre. 

"Pray! I'm begging them all! I have a wife and children! It's nothing!" 

"Please save me! Do as you say!" 

None of Shirone's party moved. 

If you give up the initiative here, you will have no choice but to be dragged in the future according to the intention of Zokre and the others. 

Amy glared at Jocre with her cold eyes. 

"Why is it me? Why do you want to accept my apology? Because I didn't accept your heart?" 

Jocre's face flushed as Amy poked her in the face. 

I couldn't find her embarrassed look at the skating rink. This was a battlefield, and caring about personal feelings was a luxury.

'It works. Did he really want an apology from me for that? Foolishness is... ... .' 

Provoking Zocre doesn't come with a particularly good countermeasure, but to create a variable, you had to shake the opponent. 

According to the plan, Zocre couldn't hide his embarrassment. His rage flared up as if his own narrow-mindedness had been discovered. 

"shut up! If you don't listen to me, everyone will die! Are you really saying you don't care if everyone here dies?" 

said Dante. 

"If people die, you killed them. we didn't do anything Become a murderer and live on the run for the rest of your life." 

Dante was sincere. 

To a wizard, distinguishing between good and evil is not a very important issue. In situations where there is no solution, it is better to sacrifice people than to run into the worst. 

"Amy, you don't have to be swayed by that guy's words. Because he doesn't even have the guts to do that." 

Zokre shouted menacingly. 

"huh! Is it really so? really kill me hem!" 

Terrified people lashed out at Amy. 

"You damn bitch! Are you really going to kill them all? Get her on her knees! I wish I was wrong!" 

"Please save me! I'm going to die like this!" 

Amy bit her lip. 

Her judgment was no different from her Dante's. Even if she complied with her opponent's request, she would only wait for a bigger request.

However, when he was pointed out, the lives of hundreds of people were at stake in his judgment, so the blood had to run dry. 

"Let's take some time. I will do as you say." 

The corner of Zokre's mouth went up as Amy approached. 

'That's right, what can I do to hold on?' 

Then Shirone grabbed her Amy's shoulder. As her Amy looked back in surprise, she saw sparks in Jocre's eyes. 

"what are you doing? Even if everyone dies, you want to take care of your lover's pride, right?" 

Shirone did not deny it. 

"yes. There is no reason Amy should obey you." 

Zokre's face twisted. 

Is it the cool-headedness of so-called wizards? 

No, it's arrogance. 

Building up her lover's pride could not be worth more than hundreds of her lives. 

======================================= 
[338] Wave of rhythm (3) 





"Theme How about figuring it out? Don't you know what the situation is? You're the best at school, do you think your name will work in a place like this?" 

Shirone couldn't hear Zocre's words. 

If we persist like this, people will die. But if that's what it ends up being, there was a much simpler solution.

Shirone narrowed her focus like a sniper. The Ice Queen's face came into view clearly. 

'I have to finish it at once.' 

Eliminate the Ice Queen in the shortest amount of time. 

When that happens, her strange ability that controls the space here will also disappear. 

As Shirone maintained his poker face, Jocre suffered from psychological pressure. 

It felt like a poker game where someone who was certain to be holding a bully had gone all-in. 

'What the hell are these guys doing?' 

How dare you act when hundreds of lives are at stake. It was something that could never have happened in his common sense. 

Because he is belittling himself. At that thought, uncontrollable anger surged up in me. 

"How dare you look down on me!" 

The moment Zocre shouted, Shirone's Armand came out of its scabbard and rushed like a flash. 

What Armand was aiming for was the Ice Queen, not Zocre. 

The Ice Queen invoked her Law and she quickly drifted away. Even so, as she slowed down, she flew up into the sky. 

'The law of destruction.' 

The ice queen's law was put on Armand. However, her demonic sword trembled but was not destroyed. 

'why?' 

It was an unfamiliar experience for the Ice Queen. 

'Incarnation?'

Objects that have formed the perfect trinity cannot be changed by the law, and they are called incarnations in heaven. 

The Ice Queen activated the Law of Freezing. Armand's blade was frosted and the ice began to clump together. 

As she slows down, the Ice Queen regains her slack. But she suddenly felt her impact on her back as if something had bumped into her. 

'what?' 

Before she had time to answer the question, she amplified the Law of Freezing. Armand, trapped in a huge block of ice, could not bear her weight and fell to her ground. 

The Ice Queen immediately turned around behind her and she cast a wave of her yul at the spot she had hit. She boomed, and a barrier in the form of a translucent dome spread across the sky. 

'Something is blocking the space.' 

Zokre put on a blank expression. Dante, who had been setting up gold margins all night, spoke triumphantly. 

Dante, who had set up the bar all night long, spoke triumphantly. 

"How about the surprise I prepared for you? The area is already sealed off. I hit a gold margin by plugging my totem all night. The Ice Queen says she will never get out of her here." 

Jocre slowly turned his head to look at Dante. She is trapped by the Ice Queen. She was the worst imaginable.

"You're going to rule the world just by begging a monster like that? Does the place where you live look so comfortable? The army will arrive soon. Even if we die here, the Ice Queen will eventually perish. good end now Then extenuating circumstances will be possible." 

Zokre's chin trembled. His breathing became rough. When the army is dispatched, the ice queen is destroyed. Of course, she and her friends would pay the price for the felony. 

"You locked me up." 

The Ice Queen landed. The chill she brought with her spread across her land and chilled the bones of her people. 

Shirone did not avoid being killed by the Ice Queen. Rather, she made eye contact with her as if to attack her, and grabbed Armand's handle as if snatching it back after breaking the ice. The jewel embedded in the cross guard was emitting an intense red light. He knew that the opponent he was competing with was not formidable. 

"Queen, are you okay?" 

The Ice Queen looked back at her anxious questioning Zokre and patted him on the head with a friendly eye smile. 

But when she looked back at Shirone, her eyes were completely different. Her cold gaze seemed to pierce her heart like a spear of ice. 

"Why are you disturbing me?" 

"Don't you see what you've done? And aren't you the first to disrespect other people's lives?"

"You are foolish. The strong rule. Aren't those the rules of the world in which you live? I just want to reign over you as the new ruler." 

A chill rose above the Ice Queen's head. 

"Ice Haze." 

The chill quickly spread around the Ice Queen. Shirone's coat froze hard and then cracked. The cooling rate is too fast. Even if it was just a few seconds, the people around them would freeze up to their hearts. 

"Dangerous!" 

Lyria casts her local stick margin at the Ice Queen's feet. A circular gin was drawn with light, and then a reddish column of light soared high. 

"Keugh!" 

The Ice Queen's face twisted. It was as if the core of oneself was escaping downward, as if an object could not violate the law of gravity. 

Lyria lifted her head in pity as her ice queen raised her law and soared into her sky. 

"no. It is too active to be confined by her local rod margin. You have to keep her tied up somehow." 

The ice queen's face, unable to restrain her expression, was grotesque. That's how much the power of her bar margin was ignored. Even when her brain was on fire, she was the one who never felt the fear of extinction. 

"I will not forgive you!" 

When the Ice Queen casts the Wave of Law, the law hanging from people's throats disappeared and a new law was born. 

"Kuaaaaa!"

People's muzzles stick out like dogs, and their teeth sharpen. As his muscles swelled, his clothes were ripped and his fingernails grew like wolves. The hardened skin protrudes like armor. 

"I'm evolving it into a state suitable for battle!" 

Dante shouted at Lyria's words. 

"Let's finish before joining. If you focus your firepower, you can win. Lyria focuses on defending the law." 

The moment Shirone and the others were about to fly to the Ice Queen, Vivian muttered as she put her hands on the ground. 

"The radius of the spirit." 

The ground shook as Vivian's body petrified. Centered around her, her circular barrier rose and spread in series. 

thud! thud! thud! thud! thud! 

The distance between the walls that spread in the form of radiation once every 10 guns was 10 meters. And all these radii were forming her mind. 

"Damn it! What's this!" 

Shirone and the others hurriedly retreated, but before they could take a few steps, a wall rose up behind them. It was a 30 meter high barrier. 

The moment they panicked, the wall in front of them melted away and the shape of Vivian's face protruded in relief. Her upper body was pulled out, and her lower body stretched like a snake to connect with the wall. 

"Whoops. how is it? My ability, the radius of the spirit." 

Vivien raised both of her hands, and Jocre and Lud Barnes jumped off and landed like cranes on her palms. 

"haha! That's ugly. You pretended to be proud, but this is all?"

The radius of the spirit builds a barrier shared with the caster's mind at a rate of 10 meters per second. However, there was a disadvantage that the reaction would drop to the level of an inanimate object if the wall was built too far away because the density of the mind would decrease as the radius widened. But Vivian was satisfied with her abilities. Her desire to attract everyone's attention was embodied by the Ice Queen with her ability. 

"This is a perfect maze. If you hold on to me at the center, the radius of your spirit will be released. But can you find your way?" 

"You don't have to run around like a mouse." 

Dante cast teleportation. It was enough to jump over a 30-meter barrier. Then a number of Vivians sprang out from the top and swung their petrified hands. 

"Sheesh! It's tricky." 

Crashing into the petrified Vivian with a linear teleportation made her mortally wounded. As Dante landed looking annoyed, Shirone picked up her Armand and set her upright. 

"I'll take over the Ice Queen." 

The moment everyone turned to Shirone, he chanted. 

"Geumgang Armed Forces." 

As the blade split, a bone as thin as an insect's leg swallowed Shirone's face. As soon as they turned into wizards with their hoods pulled down, the faces of Zokre and his party hardened. 

Dante asked. 

"Is that the Golden Armed Forces? What are you going to do?" 

"Armand endured the law. With the Diamond Armament, you might be able to stop the Ice Queen's law." 

Lyria nodded her head.

"Is it possible. It's like the principle of totem. But the Ice Queen is in the sky. You have to find a way out of her first." 

Shirone raised her face hidden by her hood. The radius of the spirit, which creates clones at the speed of the mind, is certainly a difficult challenge. But it wasn't that there was no way out. 

'Function comes from form.' 

Shirone maximized the photonic shaping technique. A bright light burned from his body, and huge wings of light spread out. 

He sculpted the light. 

That fact surprised the wizards. Forming a form with luminous light was a tremendous photon compressive force. 

Zocre and the others also swallowed dry saliva. Everyone knew what Shirone was trying to do because he had molded a form that performed only one function, that is, flying in the sky. 

"I'll ask you here." 

Photon Sculpture-Gwangik. 

Shirone bent her lower body and swung her wings of light downward, soaring at tremendous speed. Even though it wasn't teleportation, it seemed like a flash of light soared. 

'I know how to miss it!' 

Still, Vivian reacted. Dozens of Vivians jumped out of the wall and bit Shirone like teeth. 

'Got it!' 

The feeling of hitting was definitely transmitted. However, after a while, Vivian narrowed her eyes as if wondering. The tentacles of the Geumgang Armed Forces were blocking the attacks of the petrified clones at close range. 

"this... ... !"

Vivian put all her strength into it. The sound of stones wearing away could be heard from where Shirone was. The brute force from the durability of the stone was great, but the tentacles of the Geumgang Buddha were also strong enough to break quite a few rocks. 

 - 1.7 tons of external pressure. Reaching strength maintenance limit. 

Shirone gritted his teeth and pushed the tentacles down. As the tentacle squeezed through the narrow gap and threw Shirone upward, Vivian's alter egos collided with each other and shattered. 

'Remove the Ice Queen.' 

The speed at which Gwangik created was terrifying. Shirone pursued the Ice Queen at near sound speed. As his vision narrowed, Armand readjusted his physical abilities. 

 - Unable to recognize target. increased photoreceptors. Augmentation of macular function. 

My vision was wide open, and I could see the Ice Queen clearly. Adjusted the balance of flight outside of the cybernetic brain. As she closed the distance, the Ice Queen circled behind her and cast her Law. 

"A freezing blizzard." 

Shirone covered her face as snowflakes sharper than her razor whirled. As the cloak that covered her entire body hardened to a metallic quality, shards of ice clawed across the surface like thousands of broken pieces of glass. 

"Keuuugh!" 

The Ice Queen's Law, while not as sharp in purpose as magic, was different in her scale. Her rules are bigger than the rules here. That was the scale.

Shirone changed the hardened cloak back to organic matter and glared forward. The atmosphere froze, and huge ice stalks spread out intricately like the human nervous system. It was as if I had become a micro-organism. 

'I'm talking about cryogenic temperatures.' 

The reason why you don't feel the cold is because Armand is controlling the nervous system. But as soon as he breathed in, the cold air froze his lungs. 

"Huh!" 

Shirone hurriedly shut his mouth. 

 - Respiratory block detection. artificial oxygen replacement. Residual oxygen consumption time. 1 minute 27 seconds. 2 minutes 32 seconds. 4 minutes 49 seconds. 

As Armand stocked up on air, he started injecting oxygen directly into Shirone's veins. After regaining his fighting power, Shirone flew between the ice stalks and engaged in a dogfight with the Ice Queen. 

As if hunting a hawk, Shirone folded his wings and rushed forward, holding his wrist and firing a hundred and twenty photon cannons per minute with the magic crystal ball embedded in his gauntlet. 

======================================= 
[339] Wave of Eul (4) 





Ice Queen This largely circled her outskirts, but could not angle faster than the shiro four, which rotated around her center. The moment her first shot landed, her shockwave came in series. A thin scream erupted from the lungs of her ice queen as all the photon cannons that followed her tail were poured out. 

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

But she wasn't destroyed. It was to the point that Shirone's wrists were rather severed as she continued to pour her continuous fire. 

'Keugh! Why don't they fall?' 

Cold air began to spread like steam from the ice queen's body, which had been beaten by the photon cannon. The expansion accelerated as time passed, until it became a great cloud that covered her queen's body. 

 - Oxygen residual consumption time. 1 minute 2 seconds. 48 seconds. 35 seconds. 

Armand's stockpile of oxygen was rapidly depleting. At 0 seconds, you have to breathe cryogenic air. I desperately tried to catch my breath, and the remaining consumption time was 4 seconds, and the air began to accumulate again. 

'What happened? Did I win?' 

It hit the Photon Cannon at a speed of one hundred and twenty rounds per minute. A normal creature should have been mashed potatoes. 

As her cloud-like haze dissipated, the Ice Queen finally appeared. 

'I-that's... ... ?' 

Shirone blankly opened her mouth. His pupils, who had an expression of astonishment, shook violently. 



* * * 



Amy's red eyes flashed as she saved the coordinates. Dante and Lyria ran after her. It had already run more than a kilometer. However, due to the nature of the circular maze, it seemed that they could not approach even 100 meters to the center. 

As I entered the shopping district, I saw buildings cut in half against the protruding walls. Amy and her party went into a two-story house where the structure between floors was exposed and hid themselves.

Dante looked out the window. Apart from Zokre and his party, there were monsters roaming around all areas. 

"I can't run away forever. Monsters won't get tired. In the end, you have to knock it down and get out." 

Lyria shook her head. 

"They are also victims. You cannot be the target of killing." 

"And what if we die? As time goes by, the ice queen will become stronger. She says she needs to help Shirone quickly. But let alone destroy the maze, you are wandering around the monster stage." 

"It is not a matter of efficiency or results. Violence without good will is no different from evil methodology. I'm not forcing you, but if you're willing to help me, you shouldn't hurt an innocent person even if we die." 

Dante laughed bitterly. It's not a fake or a lie. Controlling reason by strengthening the will was possible only when there was an unfeigned belief. 

"Is that the mage's way of thinking? Well, our school has such a clumsy teacher. It's Ethella." 

Lyria said firmly as if she was not worthy. 

"It's not clumsiness, it's conviction. The world is maintained only because there are those who want to keep the will of good as much as the number of evil is eliminated. If you follow the ways of evil because the situation is urgent, you will eventually be ruled by evil! I don't think you, a mage, can understand the age-old conflict between good and evil... ... !" 

Dante shook her hand and cut her off.

"okay. Stop admonishing. Like you said, I'm a wizard. So what are you going to do now?" 

Lillia, who calmed her excitement, explained. 

"We will increase the power by reducing the area of ??influence of the wide-area gold margin installed in the castle site. It's called Park Yo-jin. If you set the coordinates correctly, even the law of the demigod cannot escape." 

Dante's expression changed seriously. 

"However, that means if it fails soon... ... ." 

"Yes, even the last bastion, Gold Margin, will disappear. The ice queen who went out into the world will become stronger. So you only get one chance. If I can't create that opportunity, I will not try to play Park Yo-jin even if I die." 

Dante felt the same way. When Ice Queen leaves her gold margin, her damage scales out of control. Even if everyone was wiped out here, it would be more efficient to lock them up. 

"great. So what can we do to help?" 

"I can't set Park Yo-jin's coordinates at will. It should be installed at the point where the power of the gold margin is concentrated." 

"Where is it?" 

"It is the apex of an inverted pyramid drawn at the gold margin. take me there." 

"It's a mountain beyond a mountain." 

It was almost impossible to find Park Yo-jin's installation point in the maze where monsters roam. At least if the maze disappears, the clue to the operation will be revealed.

"great. Anyway, let's go with it. Lillia and I will take care of the monsters, so Amy will clear the maze. Because the only person who can go to the center of the spirit radius is you with the red eyes." 

Lyria said anxiously. 

"Is it okay to be alone? Their abilities are not magic. The other two must have acquired abilities comparable to Maze." 

"That's why Amy has to step in. Maybe they'll target Amy first. If that's the case, it's better to split in two and move. Amy. can you?" 

Amy couldn't answer. Zocre and the others became stronger. No, even before he became strong, he was a competent person who had passed the senior class exam. 

'And I... ... I failed.' 

said Dante. 

"you can do it. Trust yourself." 

"I can't believe it. I'm really not confident." 

Amy was sincere. 

"If I can't trust you, I trust your family." 

Amy looked up and Dante put his hand on her shoulder. 

"There's no way you can't do what everyone in your family can do. You fight with everything you have." 

Numerous families are attesting to their talent. That's why you can trust yourself in any situation. 

Dante left the building with a satisfied face as Amy's eyes showed a grim resolution. 

"Let's go, Lilia. We need to get as close to the coordinates as possible while they focus on Amy."

Lyria followed Dante and asked. 

"Are you okay? She doesn't seem very confident." 

"Something like that happened. But it will be fine. I seem to be at a loss now, but... ... ." 

Dante said with a smile. 

"I'm not so stupid as to not know who's up there." 



* * * 



"Ho-ho-ho! Running away is a masterpiece! As expected of a student at a prestigious school!" 

"Sheesh! shut up!" 

At every corner Amy ran, Vivian would jump out of the wall and sneer at her. She's trying her best to find her way, but everywhere she goes, it's in the palm of her hand. 

The wall in the direction Amy was running suddenly opened and Ludvans appeared chewing gum. 

"Wrath of God." 

When the invisible shock ball was slammed into the ground, a shock wave with electrical and elastic force surged up and lifted Amy's body. 

"I see your panties." 

As Amy landed on her somersault, Jocre came at her side at high speed. 

"Speed ??Gear!" 

The movement of the speed gear that controls the inertia from step 1 to step 10 was completely against the laws of physics. When the existing common sense was destroyed, it felt like even time and space were distorted. 

Amy hastily deployed her air shield. As Jokre's fireball exploded, she pushed her body far away.

'I can't find Vivian at this rate. I have to climb up the wall somehow.' 

If it was mid-air, it might be possible to activate the air tunnel and hit Vivian's body directly. However, it was not easy to get such an opportunity against Zokre and the others. 

'The ground is blocked by a wall. After all, is sniper mode impossible? I'd rather injure one and tie him down... ... .' 

Amy shook his head. I was thinking again. Dante's advice flashed through my mind. 



- You have no style. 



'style. My style.' 

There is no one way to deal with all situations. Amy focused her thoughts only on sniper mode. At the same time, her eyes flashed. Her key idea was etched into her mind like a flash of lightning. 

'perhaps... ... No, you can. I can do it.' 

After examining the structure of the wall, Amy set her arbitrary A and B points to draw an imaginary string. And based on the curvature of the wall, she measured the radian value, then she applied the three square theorems and trigonometric functions to derive the coordinates of the center where Vivian's body was located. 

She said, 'The coordinates are out. But to strike... ... .' 

She couldn't do it with only sniper mode. This is because the flame cannot spread in a situation where the walls are blocked on all sides. 

But she, Amy, she didn't give up. Like Shirone and Dante, she deepened her strategy more and more.

'Is it possible. If only it was heavier than air... ... .' 

Amy's red eyes flashed like electricity. 

'I need more, stronger power.' 

force. force. force. force. force. 

His self-image began to clear Amy's distractions, backing up hundreds of pages per second. 

Extreme self-censorship. 

Her mind was infiltrated for a purpose, unadulterated with one per cent of impurities. 

focus on concentration 

As if an explosion had occurred in her head, her mental powers multiplied by the square. 

One way. 

It was a temporary samadhi phenomenon that occurs when you focus on only one thought, not mixed with any distracting thoughts. 

'Inferno.' 

From under each of Amy's legs, two streams of fire twisted like a pretzel, rising above her head. 

"I-what is that?" 

Upon discovering the size of the flames created by Amy, Zokre and his party stopped charging and looked surprised. The gas was so dense that flames dripped like paint. 

"That... ... ." 

Zocre, who majored in fire science, realized what Amy was trying to do. 

The fire of a thousand cities that is difficult even for professional wizards to reach. 

Judging by the color of the flame, a high temperature of at least 1,300 degrees was burning above her head.

"you you... ... it... ... ." 

Zocre and the others did not dare to approach. When the Inferno exploded, everything within its radius would melt. 

said Amy as she turned toward the castle wall. 

"yes. You can't even imitate it." 

Zocre furrowed his brows in puzzlement. I couldn't understand why he was aiming at the wrong place after casting magic to overcome the situation. But Vivian realized right away. Despite his petrified face, his expression of astonishment was clearly visible. 

"no! Zocre, stop it!" 

Amy raised her hands and held up the huge flame. 

"Stop! stop it! I intend to attack the body!" 

Zocre did not understand Vivian's words. How can you attack the main body when it is blocked by a 30-meter-high barrier? 

Amy said with her condescending smile. 

"This is my style." 

Retracting her torso like her bow, she swung her hands down as they bounced around her waist. The flame of a thousand cities, Inferno, flew over the 30-meter-high barrier and flew into the sky on the other side. 

Ludvans muttered with a blank expression. 

"howitzer... ... ." 

A fireball boasting incredible gas density crossed the sky in a parabolic arc.

Although there is a downside that the accuracy rate is low while being able to ignore cover, Amy was able to hit the target point precisely like a machine through self-memory. 

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" 

Vivian's alter ego screamed and disappeared. If Inferno fell into the center of the labyrinth, she would melt in an instant, unable to move in a petrified state. 

Cuckoo coo coo coo! 

The walls of the castle in a radius of 1 kilometer were simultaneously sunk into the ground, and Vivian, who had been freed from her petrified state, hurriedly left her seat, taking over the screams of her alter ego. 

When Inferno arrived on the ground and exploded, the ground melted like molten iron. Cloudy, black impurities floated around in the lava that glowed red like nightlight, then quickly cooled in the cold air. 

The terrain before and after Inferno's fall was completely different. The ground was grotesquely distorted like a demon's face. 

Vivian, who narrowly escaped death, reached Zocre. The maze disappeared, but Amy was nowhere to be seen. Zokre looked around and muttered with an annoyed expression. 

"damn! Where are you hiding?" 

A loud, dull sound erupted from where Ludvans was. A lit stone hit the back of his head, and he collapsed without even groaning. 

======================================= 
[340] Wave of rate (5) 





"Fire call?"

Zokre scanned the direction the rock had come from. Amy was standing at a distance that made it indistinguishable from the scenery unless you looked closely. 

"How dare you look down on us?" 

Jocre raised his speed gear to level 10 while teleportation was cast. Amy hurriedly fired a fire call, but he, who could control her inertia, easily dodged it. 

"ha ha ha! Is it just this?" 

The corners of Amy's lips went up slightly. The moment Zocre felt puzzled, dozens of fire calls rained down from the sky and hit him. 

"Ouch!" 

A sniping angle of 88.97 degrees. 

Even the speed gear could not block the attack that the Fire Call, which had been staying outside of the cognition, suddenly slammed down from a blind spot. 

Amy rushed at Vivian without stopping. The radius of zero provides an advantageous environment for allies, but he has a fatal flaw that he himself is petrified. In the end, Vivian couldn't do anything and got hit in the stomach by Amy and came up with a span. 

"Keuk! oops!" 

Amy patted her hands and snorted at her as Vivian lay on her stomach and vomited. 

"Heh, I'm glad it ended like that." 

I wanted to scold him, but the situation was not on the easy side. While fighting Zokre and the others, an explosion of noise erupted from the sky. It meant that Shirone's long-term firefighting had begun in earnest. 

"What about Shirone?"

Shirone floated in the western sky. The Ice Queen was nowhere to be seen, instead I could see clouds of cold gathering across her. 

"yes? That... ... ." 

Amy's face was in shock. The Ice Queen's figure revealed through the haze was beyond her imagination. 

Trinity (1) 





Shirone swallowed her saliva with her hard face. 

As the cold clouds lifted from her, the Ice Queen's huge eyes could be seen rolling over her. 

She probably wouldn't be able to find it easily. It is also difficult for humans to capture objects smaller than their pupils. 

Things like dust, mosquitoes, and hair. 

I honestly don't know. 

No, I didn't even want to know. 

Seeing the eyes, pupils, and irises that are larger than humans move around at the same speed as human eye movements, her mind just went blank. 

If the Ice Queen's pupils were the size of a man, her face was the size of a house. Cold air was leaking from between the neatly aligned teeth that were tens of meters long. 

The fact that only her face had grown was the most bizarre. 

A small body clings to a huge face. If this was a dream, it was my worst nightmare. 

Why did you make that choice? 

It's a pretty good tactic if you're going to startle it and stop your heart, but it certainly wasn't meant to be that primordial. 

'I increased my brain capacity.' 

I couldn't help but think like that.

For the first time, the ice queen's face, which had barely changed her expression, showed strong emotion. 

fear and anger. 

It was only when he experienced the crisis of extinction from the continuous firing of the Photon Cannon that he reached the most intense emotion that humans can feel. 

'Humans are strong.' 

The Ice Queen realized through Shirone. 

'Then I become stronger.' 

Shirone's strength comes from her brain. That's why it should be bigger than Shirone. In a sense, it was an ignorant method, but on the other hand, it was the most intuitive and clear answer. 

"Ooooooooo!" 

Her chill spread from her Ice Queen's mouth. As her air contracted, it seemed that the whole of her sky was closing. 

Her aftermath reached the ground. The ground froze and the air cooled so much that it was difficult to breathe. 

Dante and Lyria shivered from the intense cold. Even the iron-clad monsters were losing their vitality. shouted Amy, who had bent Vivian's arm behind her, and came running. 

"Dante! What happened to Yojin Park? If we don't do it quickly, we'll all freeze to death!" 

Lyria shook her head grimly. The transformation of the Ice Queen's form was bizarre. She didn't seem to be able to overcome such a monster beyond her strength. In that case, it would have been better to imprison the Ice Queen, even if it meant dying here. 

"Amy! Free Vivian!"

Zocre and Ludvans came to their senses from the cold. However, even they noticed the change of the ice queen that appeared in the sky and stopped walking with a dazed expression. 

"I... ... What is that?" 

There was no Ice Queen that Zokre knew. Only her face was a huge monster floating in the sky. 

Amy shouted, leading Vivian, who was taken hostage. 

"You understand now? What monster have you awakened? So stop surrendering and help us!" 

said Vivian, struggling with her. 

"What do you know! Zocre, attack!" 

Zokre did not move. No, he couldn't move. The temperature was dropping severely. It's an attack or whatever, everything freezes to death at this rate. 

"Eight! Stay calm!" 

"Aww! hey! Handle with care!" 

Worse, Amy slammed Vivian into the center of her group. When I cast Fire Wall and surrounded the area with a wall of fire, warmth was transmitted for a moment. 

"Zocre! Do something too! Are you going to die like this?" 

Zokre is also a fire mage. Suddenly coming to his senses, he drew another barrier within the radius of Amy's fire wall. 

But in vain. The fire made by omnipotence had a much lower ignition point than in reality, but it could not stand it and went out.

Extreme cold hit. His lungs froze and his eyes dimmed. It was as if the end of the world was approaching. Just like that day 800 years ago when the ice queen froze herself. 

For the first time, Zokre felt the fear of death. Her face turned into a tear-stain, and a desperate scream erupted. 

"Sah, save me! I can't die like this!" 

Ruud Barnes grabbed him by the neck and brought him to his knees. 

"Keugh! I can't breathe!" 

The current temperature on the ground is 120 degrees below zero. 

Three minutes was enough temperature to kill everyone. 

'Shirone, please... ... !' 

Amy looked at Shirone with longing eyes. 

The only person who could withstand the extreme cold was Shirone, who was protected by the power of the Diamond Armament. 

"Shirone! Everyone will die at this rate!" 

Armand's auditory organs picked up Amy's sounds and transmitted them to her Shirone's brain. 

But even without her listening, Shirone already knew. 

It was an unbearable cold even though Armand was strengthening all of his body's heat sources. 

The energy consumed per second reached a whopping 1 kilocalorie. 

Even the organic robes that maximized the cold weather effect were hardened to the point that people on the ground would already have no energy to move. 

'Is there no choice but to collide?' 

Shirone threw her wings back and rushed at the queen.

As the headwind increased, the perceived temperature dropped further. 

It was a suicidal attempt, but Armand did everything possible to maintain his body temperature without complaint. 

But eventually even that reached its limits. 

 - Vivo tissue necrosis. Organic production impossible. time to maintain life activity. 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds. 

"Great!" 

Shirone clenched his teeth and charged. It felt like his entire body had turned into a mass of cold stone. 

And finally, the moment he was about to face the last moment of his life, he dug into the ice queen's mouth, the source of the cold. 

Amy exclaimed in surprise. 

"Crazy! Shirone!" 

Entering the ice queen's body was more insane than facing the extreme cold head-on. It doesn't just end with her dying. How could a human know what might be in there? 

said Dante, blowing out her breath. 

"Amy. The temperature is rising. Cast the fire wall." 

The ice queen who swallowed her Shirone didn't even blink. The reason is unknown, but it seemed to be in a state of temporary inactivity. 

As a result, Shirone's judgment was excellent. However, if she had intended to save everyone even by giving up her own life. 

Amy's expression when casting Fire Wall was not good. It felt like Shirone had already left the world.

"I will come back. Shirone will definitely come back." 

Dante did not give a hopeful answer. The probability that Shirone, who threw herself into an unknown world, would return was impossible to calculate. 

"Once I bought time. I don't know how much room there will be, but we have to do something within it. Gather together, let's plan a strategy." 

While Dante and the others discussed the strategy, Zocre blankly looked up at the sky. 

'That is the essence of the Ice Queen.' 

The Ice Queen's gigantic face was terrifying. It was as if someone from outside the world was only shining her face through a magnifying glass. 

And in that place, Shirone jumped in. 

Maybe he could have held out a little longer. No, he has incredible flying abilities, so in the worst case scenario, he can just run away with his friends. 

However, he rather threw himself with his limbs. 

You want to save the world? He wants to be a hero? If not, is this also an act of arrogance? 

"why?" 

Zocre sincerely asked, but Shirone, who was supposed to answer, had already disappeared under the ice queen's law. 



* * * 



Shirone was rich in the world of the law. 

Numerous stars whose distance could not be measured were exchanging signals while twinkling ceaselessly. 

Light and dark are 1 and 0. A system of binary numbers was enforcing the Ice Queen's law.

However, it was not important information in the current situation. 

The really important piece of information was that there was no air here. 

 - Residual oxygen consumption time 2 minutes 37 seconds. 

Shirone was terrified. The time Armand delivered was literally his life span. 

'Let's stay calm. I use a lot of oxygen when I'm excited.' 

He tried to regain his cool, but that didn't change anything. 

There is nothing but the signals of 1 and 0. That's why he couldn't create a variable to break the situation. 

Will you die from lack of oxygen? Will it become a corpse and wander the cold world forever? 

At that time, the speed at which the stars twinkled rapidly increased. 

It was as if the slow-moving ants were speeding up like crazy when food fell to the ground. 

Shirone felt his mind go hazy. The faster the stars went, the farther away they felt. 

'Oh, I see.' 

This was the digestive organ of the law. 

If it hadn't been protected by Armand's law, it would have already disintegrated and permeated into the Ice Queen's law. 

In fact, whenever his mind fluctuated, Armand readjusted his concentration point to maintain his consciousness. 

It felt like a rice cake thrown into the sea. 

'Please hold on.'

Shirone prayed earnestly to Armand. I know it's just a tool, but it's my only lifeline right now. 

Armand held up well. 

He doesn't tell you how much oxygen he has left because he thinks fear makes things worse. 

He probably thought so himself, but Shirone thought it was more frightening. 

'Oxygen consumption. Let's just know.' 

 - Residual oxygen consumption time 2 minutes 1 second. 2 minutes. 1 minute 59 seconds. 

'Two minutes left, my life.' 

He deliberately made it easy. Otherwise, the rate of oxygen consumption would be twice as fast. 

Of course, if you hold your breath, you can hold on a little longer, but from then on, you really enter the end of your life. 

You have to find a way when you have a little bit of spare time. 

"Ugh!" 

Shirone vomited out the precious oxygen. 

Suddenly a huge sound was heard. No, it was a signal that made a huge sound. 

shake 

Just as rice cakes that had been submerged in water met a storm and were released, Shirone's consciousness began to disintegrate quickly. 

break up 

'Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!' 

Everything that had formed one was leaving waving the flag of independence.

Consciousness went away. Armand is trying desperately, but eventually the ice queen's law begins to eat away at his mind. 

"Great!" 

Shirone frowned. As the nerves around the eyes rose, the pupils began to darken. 

In the depth level 1, a devastating explosion occurred, pushing the ice queen's law out. 

Against the uninvited guest who had infiltrated her psyche, the guppin's bar margin opened, drawing out the demon again. 

 - Multiple Cerebral Body Detection. Overdrive operation. 

Armand found the only hope to save his master and immediately contacted Behemoth. 

======================================= 
[341] Trinity (2) 





Breathing is rough Oxygen consumption soared. 

 - Residual oxygen consumption time 1 minute 17 seconds. 1 minute 3 seconds. 42 seconds. 

Light flew from all sides and stuck into Shirone's body. 

When the access of the law was blocked, it was to penetrate and melt the mind directly in a physical way. 

Armand reacted immediately. 

 - Observation of neural junction points. Copy after docking. 

Armand's tentacles connected to the needles of light. Then more light rushed in and penetrated Shirone's body. 

Dozens, hundreds. 

The endlessly flooding light required only one thing. 

be dismantled

"Great!" 

Shirone twisted the bridge of his nose with a terrifying face. 

The feeling of having his own being absorbed by another being was as humiliating as being eaten alive by a beast. 

 - Residual oxygen consumption time. 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds. 

As it is, it gets absorbed. 

"It's cheeky... ... !" 

Shirone focused his mind on an endless point. 

As the immortal function opened, the spirit of infinity spread throughout the world of the law. 

 -Detection of unmeasurable concentration points. Penetration. 

Armand's organic matter proliferated infinitely. Tentacles stretched out and docked with all the thorns stuck in Shirone. 

Having copied the information intended to hack the owner's brain, Armand began building a suitable firewall based on it. 

And finally, Shirone and the Ice Queen came to share one world as subjects of separate laws. 

 -Firewall complete. behavior. 

A light burst from Shirone's retinas. 



 Small world creation. 



"Here?" 

Shirone looked around him. 

It was a dark space like the world of the law. The only difference is that there are no twinkling stars. 

But Shirone could see. 

'How can I see it?' 

Is it really possible to see where there is no light? 

'perhaps... ... .'

Shirone found an interesting answer. 

It is a memory. There is no light in memory. 

Because the light does not stay in the past. 

But he was in reality. 

So, this is a space where all time is unfolded. It was the totality of time in which the past, present, and future could not even be distinguished. 

As he moved his steps, an uncountable number of Shirones approached from the darkness. 

"what?" 

He turned around. He was spinning an infinite number of himself as if he had spread out the space using a mirror. 

Shirone pointed out one person and approached. The shorter the distance, the narrower the composition, and numerous Shirones lined up in parallel lines. 

Her pupils were black, and she stood there with an evil face. 

Shirone held out his hand. Shirone also held out his hand. 

I could feel the cold texture of the glass wall. 

'This is me?' 

no, this is not me 

Where is this? Is it outside or inside the mirror? Is it me looking in the mirror or is it me reflected in the mirror? 

"ah... ... ." 

Shirone finally realized. 

"this... ... ." 

The two Shirones said at the same time. 

"It is you." 

Puff pup pup pup pup! 

All the glass walls that stretched out in an infinite parallel line exploded at the speed of light.

With the sound of breaking glass, the boundary of the mirror began to be destroyed at the speed of light. 

Shirone and Shirone's hands met. But before I could feel it, Shirone on the other side disappeared. 

In the Ice Queen's Law, Shirone and Shirone refer to each other, forming a perfect trinity. 

The evil Shirone of the Black Pupil was no more. There was only one unchanging Shirone who was not shaken by any law. 

A technique called incarnation art in heaven. However, the wizards regarded this as a state and called it this. 

mental transcendence. 

Main character of life (1) 





Shirone, who completed the trinity, opened her eyes. At the same time, Armand started attacking the ice queen's law in reverse through the multi-law network small world creation. 

The world shook and the starlight shone. Unable to bear her Shirone, the ice queen pulled her throat out and vomited at her. 

"Ouch! Whoa! Aaaaagh!" 

Amy's face, watching from the ground, turned pale. The gigantic face giving strength as if the eyeballs were going to pop out was more than terrible. 

"Quaaaaaagh!" 

As the Ice Queen gave her powers one last time, Shirone, who dangled her tentacles, vomited out. The first thing he did when he stopped with his wings wide open was to inhale the air. 

"Whoa! Whoa!" 

It was the first time I realized that even air has a taste.

"Shirone! Shirone is back alive!" 

Soon after, Amy's face, which had been suffering as if she was dying, finally turned bright. Even the ice queen's grotesqueness couldn't overcome the joy of Shirone's safe and sound return. 

But Dante's eyes were still serious. 

More than anything, her ice queen condition was strange. 

She, the Ice Queen, had bizarre facial expressions that no human facial muscles could produce. However, that was the form that most accurately revealed the current Ice Queen's feelings. 

'infinite? infinite? infinite? infinite? infinite?' 

The Ice Queen was confused. 

'What is that?' 

As Armand built the firewall, the Ice Queen also copied Shirone's information. 

But there was a problem. 

She had an immortal function installed that was difficult to analyze completely even with Optrus' vast information. 

Her ice queen couldn't control her spontaneously opening mouth as the immense elation surged through her beyond the scales of her law. 

she is going to infinity 

That was the only thing her Ice Queen could know. 

Her ever-splitting jaws overcame the range of motion of her joints, and she began to swallow herself in reverse. 

Her new being emerged from within her throat, like the flesh of her grapes being peeled off. 

'I am infinite.'

A human face was attached to three sides, and the arms protruding from the shoulders multiplied into dozens and spread out like the feathers of a peacock. 

Three-sided Thousand Hands Guanshi Yin. 

It was the second dedication of Optrus who absorbed Immortal Function. 

"Galgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgal, galgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgal!" 

A sound like the chirping of thousands of beetles burst out of the mouth of the laughing Cheonsu Guanshiyin. 

"Kuk!" 

Shirone, who was hit directly by the sudden sound wave, adjusted her hearing with Armand and then distanced herself. Then, as the head of the Thousand Arms Guanshiyin turned, the corners of the eyes went up and the corners of the mouth went down, and the face occupied the front. As the Law of Wrath exploded, countless balls of fire flew in all directions. 

"Dangerous!" 

When Lyria pointed at the pouring rain of fire, Dante spread a huge defensive magic circle over her head. The moment the fireball hit, it roared loudly and cracked. 

"Keugh! damn!" 

Dante had a sorrowful expression on his face. In an isolated space, the growth of the cerebral body is limited, but after swallowing Shirone, the cerebral body was a powerful law that was incomparable to that of the Ice Queen. Perhaps it is an immortal function. Well, for beings that absorb the law, there was no stamina that was as excellent as Shirone. 

"Park Yo-jin right now!" 

Lyria surveyed the battle in the sky with her confused eyes. Shirone fires a photon cannon continuously, but not even gold has gone to the Thousand Arms Guanyin's body.

"Not yet. Park Yo-jin's range is much narrower than the stick margin. If I can't bring you here, I'd rather die here." 

Amy shouted to the sky. 

"Shirone! Push the monster this way!" 

Armand copied Amy's voice. A voice mixed with noise was transmitted to Shirone's brain. 

"Push?" 

It meant finding a way to something on the ground. But how do you push a monster that doesn't even move even with a photon cannon? 

'I have no choice but to do it.' 

Shirone opened his eyes and focused on increasing the power of the Photon Cannon. Then, the spirit of transcending the mind sought a huge expansion. 

Immortal Function can borrow infinite mental power, but it cannot increase its power beyond the Spirit Zone. 

However, mental transcendence forcibly strengthens the spirit zone. 

 Of course, like the divine transcendence, the subsequent mental storm was a separate issue. 

Just as Lian's arm exploded when he fired the sword at a speed that exceeded his body's speed, his mind would rather be destroyed if he tried to exceed the available value. 

 -Expansion of focus points. Activate overdrive. 

But Shirone did not hesitate. Sensing a tremendous power he had never experienced before, he stretched out his hand, and dozens of flashes of light hit directly into the torso of Thousand Arms Guanyin. 

"Galgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgal, galgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgal!"

The body of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin, which had been motionless as if stuck in space, began to be pushed little by little. He then fired sound waves in all directions, but Shirone did not stop his offensive. No, his power was getting stronger as time passed. 

250 meters to Park Yo-jin's installation point. 

Those watching the battle from the ground were mesmerized by the sight of dozens of photon cannons flashing. 

"How can such magic... ... ?" 

Lilia, the mage, was shocked the most. The reason she classifies her mental body as a demigod is because she uses her laws freely. The existence of the law must be sealed with the law. However, Shirone was pushing back the demigod with only physical force. 

"... ... I thought you were an innocent kid." 

Dante smiled bitterly at Lyria's misunderstanding. Judging Shirone by his looks, he ends up like this. He is a lowly boy who has no interest in dressing up and casually sews at a cafe. But he was the only boy who ever beat him. 

"Well, you look the coolest when you're a wizard." 

Lyria was conflicted. It was visible that the movement distance of the Thousand Arms Guanyin gradually got shorter. If the power of the Photon Cannon did not become stronger, it would be impossible to drive Park Yo-jin to the installation point. 

"Lilia. Unfold Park Yo-jin. Whether Shirone succeeds or fails, if something needs to be done, now is the last chance." 

'I... ... What should I do?'

If Park Yo-jin fails, the Thousand-Handed Guanshi Yin escapes into the world. Even if the kingdom made preparations, judging from the scale of the law, a small city was an enemy that could be razed to the ground in a matter of hours. 

Lyria turned to Dante and said. 

"I'll prepare Park Yo-jin." 

I have no choice but to walk to Shirone. The people here are just as important as the people outside. It was a different situation than not killing the monster. 

"great. Then I'll tell you the operation. If Shirone pushes in just 50 meters, I'll build a defensive magic circle into a mansion to trap the monster. It may not be the same as a bar margin, but it will be a minimum safety device. In the meantime, Amy prepares magic to support Shirone with firepower." 

Amy nodded her head. 

"okay. I will cast the most powerful magic." 

Zokre looked at them as they desperately fought. His anger soared as he contrasted himself with his inability to do anything. 

Why risk his life? 

They just have to go away. He would have to pay for all his sins anyway, and it was the kingdom's job to take care of the aftermath. 

"Why are you fighting?" 

Dante, who was guarding Lyria, turned her head away. 

"What are you talking about? If you intend to interfere, I will kill you first."

"Why are you fighting? You guys are innocent, so just run away! don't you want to live So strong, so gifted! Are you saying you want to be killed in a place like this when a prosperous future is guaranteed?" 

Dante looked at Zocre in bewilderment. However, he sighed as if he knew. 

"Did you learn magic because you wanted to be successful?" 

"what?" 

"Isn't the order changed? You learn magic because you like magic, and success follows you when you become good at magic. If I run away from here, won't my stomach churn? I'm just fighting with the magic I learned. So don't disturb me and watch quietly." 

Amy, who finished her sequence, opened her eyes. 

"it's over. I will start now." 

As the crimson eyes radiated a red glow, two pillars of fire rose from beneath their feet and merged into a huge fireball. It was an Inferno that was several times larger than the one shot in the zero radius. 

Zokre stared blankly at the fire that blazed like the sun, then realized something and lowered his head. 

'They're crazy about magic... ... .' 

======================================= 
[342] Main character of life (2) 





Talent Well, it was just an excuse from the beginning. 

Their minds were so full of magic from the start that there was no room for success or fame.

want to win You don't want to lose in competition. And in the end, I want to become the best wizard. 

Dante's eyes lit up when he saw Inferno. It was a powerful magic that could not be seen in the graduation exam. 

'You lowered the entropy by using self-image memory. If it were red eyes, it would be close to 0%. That would work.' 

"Dante, Dante." 

Lyria, who was on her knees, called Dante behind her with a trembling voice. 

"what's the matter? Any problem?" 

"really... ... can i do it? Can you succeed?" 

"Why are you asking me that?" 

Lyria turned her head and looked up at her Dante. Looking at her crying face, it seemed that she was in a lot of mental conflict. 

"You always make sure choices! So tell me! I think it will be reassuring if you tell me." 

Dante understood her feelings. A mage's cool-headedness in battle is just as important as a swordsman's conviction. Fear comes from insecurity, not crisis. When you can objectively analyze the situation, your colleagues can muster up the courage to fight. 

"I am not optimistic. But I am not pessimistic." 

It was literally two sides of the same coin. Also, this was the minimum probability that a wizard could try something.

"There is a 50% chance that Shirone will push. There is a 50% chance that my defensive magic circle will work. There is also a 50% chance that Amy's magic will work on the enemy. If you add the three cases, you know what the situation is?" 

Lyria, who had muttered Dante's words, raised her head with her eyes wide open as if she had realized something in her. 

"So, 150 percent?" 

Dante smiled bitterly. 

"... ... You are not a wizard." 

Remaining distance to Park Yo-jin installation point, 220 meters. 

Shirone sharpened the photon cannon in a trance. The flashes of light over the back of his hand were blinding. The magic amplifying spheres embedded in both hands were red hot. 

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" 

Thousands Hands Guanyin's back bent and he was pushed to the ground. 

Distance remaining, 200 meters. 

Zocre's legs trembled as he stared at the gigantic Guanshi Yin, which seemed about to fall at any moment. 

'Is that Shirone... ... .' 

A person who overwhelms Dante, the best defense force in the kingdom, with firepower. 

Even so, there were times when I thought that it was at the student level. Otherwise, I couldn't stand the feeling of shame. 

However, the Photon Cannon, which I saw with my own eyes, was a power that even a few pros could not use. 

They may not be superior to the pros in every aspect, but they have already reached the pro level in at least one respect. 

That was the top 5 prestigious students.

Distance remaining, 170 metres. 

"Come in! I will create a second barrier!" 

Dante imprisoned the Thousand Arms Guanyin in the hexagonal mansion. Because he accumulated information only on the inner side of the magic circle, attacks coming from the outside were not applied. On the other hand, Thousand Arms Guanyin, who was trapped in a narrow wall, struggled strongly. 

"Great!" 

Dante's expression crumpled. He is pulling the mansion down to the ground with the Tenshu Guanyin locked up, but the resistance is stronger than expected. In particular, the power of the fireball spreading in all directions was enough to destroy the defense magic circle rescued with the highest durability within 30 seconds. 

Distance remaining, 120 metres. 

Dante shouted with the veins on his face. 

"Amy! now!" 

"okay!" 

As Amy jumped up and swung her hands around, the giant Inferno left its owner's hand and moved away. A ball of fire slowly crossing the sky struck the Cheonsu Guanshiyin without error following the coordinates of his self-image memory. 

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" 

As Thousand Arms Guanyin's body burned, Dante felt the pressure loosen a little. Flame-type magic had an advantage over the Photon Cannon in that it could deliver continuous impact. 

Remaining distance, 40 meters. 

Lyria shook her head and shouted. 

"Still not enough! At this rate, I can't confine Park Yo-jin!"

The blazing Thousand Arms Guanyin screamed while scratching at the magic circle inside the mansion. Eventually, the magic circle that had reached its limit of durability shattered like glass. 

Lyria's face turned miserable. 

"it's over. The demigod will go out into the world." 

"No, it's not over." 

Lyria's gaze turned to the sky. Shirone, who was gathering the brilliance of light in her hands, was looking down at the Tenshu Kannon from a high place. As the light in her hand grew, it was as if another sun was floating in the sky. 

"Yaaaaaa!" 

Shirone fired the photon cannon with all her might. A huge flash of light with a diameter of 1 meter pierced the side of the Thousand Arms Guanyin. 

Remaining distance, 30 meters. 

"Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" 

Thousand Arms Guanyin struggled with his arms and struggled. However, a mass that even his own laws could not withstand continued to attack. 

Distance remaining, 20 meters. 

"Now! Start!" 

Lyria put her hands together and prayed. 

May evil be destroyed. May a world where everyone can live happily. As long as he could achieve a paradise of goodness where there was no hunger, no murder, no adultery, he would not care if his body was torn into a thousand or ten thousand parts, and he would be able to laugh even if he was hated by the devil and fell into hell to suffer forever. I will become manure for the world. If everyone had a good will, they would gladly go into the filthiest places and roll their bodies.

She shed tears like a waterfall. The will to transcend the criminal's limits drew in the energy of the totem embedded in the old castle. As the gold margin disappeared, Park Yo-jin with a diameter of 10 meters appeared. 

"I command in the name of Lyria! Evil, sleep here!" 

Lyria's eyes burned golden. The flowing tears evaporated in an instant, and a pillar of light made of the law pierced the sky. 

 "Kuaaaaa!" 

As the flash of the photon cannon pressed forward, Tenshu Guanyin screamed in agony and struggled with dozens of hands. 

Remaining distance, 10 meters. 

"Aaaaaaa!" 

Shirone felt the photon cannon's output decrease. However, when she raised her power again through her mental transcendence, the flash of light amplified and completely covered the Thousand Arms Guanyin. 

Remaining distance. 

0 meters. 

When the Thousand Hand Guan Yin entered Park Yo-jin's realm, Lilia concentrated all her will in one place. 

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" 

The most powerful golden magician's method in the Akeanis Shrine. 

Ock King Park Yo-jin. 

The two arms made of light twisted like a twist and came up, grabbed the Thousand Hands Guanyin and pulled it to the ground. 

"Ah! big! Aaaaaa!" 

Thousand Arms Guanyin desperately endured. There is no reason for evil laws to exist in a space filled with good will. Even so, the fact that he endured was clear proof that he was a demigod.

'But it's over! Just a little, a little more... ... !' 

Just when I thought Lyria was over, I heard footsteps. Her Vivian passed her and started running to her Jade Wang Bak Yojin. 

"Ice Queen!" 

Dante's face contorted. 

"That fool!" 

shouted Lyria with her shocked eyes in her eyes. 

"You can't get close! Don't be dragged away!" 

Park Yo-jin is different from Geum Ma-jin. 

Because the will of good was concentrated in a narrow area, humans who were inclined to evil in the slightest had no choice but to fall into the abyss. 

Vivian heard Lyria's voice clearly. But she never stopped running. 

"This is the end. This is the end of my play." 

It was a life that no one paid attention to. However, the Ice Queen gave her hope that she could become the main character. Even if the entity was a monster, even if her kindness and consideration were born out of ignorance, that was the only spotlight for Vivian. 

Vivian's tears ran down her eyes. 

What will happen when you enter Park Yo-jin? Perhaps only the stillness after the play would last forever. 

But I wasn't afraid. You will meet the Ice Queen. She will greet her audience by holding her hand with her. She will thank the world for watching a great performance. 

"Yaaaaaa!"

As soon as she couldn't see anything because of her tears, Vivian kicked off the ground and threw herself with Yojin Ockwang. 

"Vivian! Come back!" 

Zokre sobbed and shouted. 

She is a sensitive child. She may not even know that her heart is broken in the face of a situation she cannot be responsible for. 

But she shouldn't end up like this. 

It was all her own fault. 

Even if she hadn't entered into the nature of the ice queen because she was drunk, even if she didn't care about Amy, she wouldn't have made this extreme choice. 

"Bibiaaaan!" 

Zocre's screams could not catch Vivian. It was her Amy who caught her. Her Amy, who threw her body and hugged Vivian, escaped her bar margin by a hair's breadth and fell. At the same time, the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin fell as if it were buried in Jade King Park Yojin. The sound of her hundreds of claws scraping the ground was terrifying. 

"Kuaaaaa!" 

Those who watched the force of the ground plowing gave goosebumps. However, even the formidable power could not overcome the reason of the Jade King Park Yo-jin. 

It was the power of a mysterious and profound law. 

Thousands Arms Guanyin sank into the abyss of the law, leaving only thousands of fingernail marks. 

Then Vivian, who was watching through her tears, turned her head to her Amy and shouted, 

"Let go! I mean let go of this! I'm going in too!" 

"Crazy! If you go in there, you will die!"

"Since when did you care about me? do you know my heart You who have lived like the main character all your life know how miserable I feel?" 

"So you want to die? miserable?" 

"No, I will torment you until the end! I will never let you succeed! At this moment, I am the main character!" 

"Don't talk nonsense, idiot! Where is the main character who gives up on life so easily!" 

Amy's voice pierced Vivian's eardrums. 

"It's hard for anyone to fight! Still, fighting to the end to become the main character! If you give up, if you give up... ... !" 

Crying at her words, Amy dropped her head. She was also the one who wanted to be the main character more than anyone else. 

"From that moment on, it becomes nothing." 

The feeling of being thrown out of the spotlight of the world. 

As everyone looked at only the successful candidates, Amy was crying alone in the room. 

She didn't let anyone look at her. 

But now I seemed to know. 

You still have to fight. 

Even if waiting is a bed ending, those who don't fight to the end won't be given the lead role. 

Unaware of Amy's sudden excitement, Vivian looked blank and then opened her mouth to get something out of her. 

"I... ... ."

Then the floor started to vibrate. Vivian turned her head, and then everyone looked at Yojin Park. 

As soon as Shirone landed on the ground, he shouted. 

"It's not over yet!" 

Dozens of hands came up from Okwang Park Yo-jin. As the vertical objects bent at the same time and pushed the floor, the face of the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin came to mind again. 

"I! I am the ruler of the world!" 

The faces of Shirone and the others turned pale. I still haven't completely overcome the power of the Jade King Park Yo-jin, but I don't know what will happen with time. 

"Have you caught the lawman? You were lucky." 

Shirone turned his head in amazement. 

There stood a woman with curly blonde hair, dark complexion, and a suit clinging to her body. 

It was Ahoya Kang Nan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association. 

"Who are you?" 

Jiang Nan took off her high heels as she stepped over to Guan Yin. And she said as she passed Shirone's party. 

"Back off. Because you might get hurt." 

Lyria shouted. 

"for a moment! You can't go in unnecessarily! If you can't deal with the law, you'll be dragged into Park Yo-jin's power!" 

Kang Nan didn't even show her hesitation and pushed her body into her Jade Wang Bak Yojin. She didn't know whether she was a person leaning towards good or evil. She had lived as a Ram Muai from the moment she was born, however, and her convictions were not weak enough to be shaken by her laws.

"Aaaaaa! Aaaaaaa!" 

Thousands Armed Guanyin was repeating its ascent and descent, scratching the floor repeatedly, like a person drowning in the sea. 

======================================= 
[343] Main character of life (3) 





Kang Nan took off his glasses and stuck them in his inner pocket. Then, as if in the image of a wolf, she raised her fists up to her face and brought her left foot forward, slightly swaying in rhythm. 

Shirone and the others were bewildered. Even if Ram Muay didn't know it, it was possible to guess that it was a Baktu posture. However, it was rather comical because it was in front of the huge Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin. 

Lillia, who was worse off, approached her while making an impression on her. 

"Hey! what now... ... !" 

At the same time, Kang Nan's body became blurry. The high kick, which was so fast that you couldn't even see it, drew a trajectory along the dirt like a thread. The instep of her foot broke the face of her Thousand Arms Guanyin at a right angle and passed. 

The Thousand Arms Guanshiyin's expression changed to a puzzled one. She rolled her eyes for a moment, and the movements of her hands slowed. She was then sucked into the abyss of the Jade King Park Yojin as if she were finally submerged in her sleep. 

"Um, what is that... ... ?" 

The shock that Shirone and the others received was beyond imagination. She was so startled that even though she was trapped in the Jade Wangbak Yojin, her kick broke her neck, and her heart almost jumped out of her mouth.

Shirone looked down and saw her thighs, which had come down under the strong suit skirt. At the moment of her impact, the stockings on her instep burned and rolled in, exposing her right leg. Her muscles cracked and blazed like pieces. But she soon revealed her smooth legs as her soft subcutaneous fat returned. 

'Who the hell are you?' 

She thought maybe she was a government official. She had the insight that any department in her own country would have fully predicted the situation if a foreign envoy had come to visit her. 

"Whoa." 

Jiangnan sighed lightly. Then she took her glasses out of her inside pocket and put them on again. Shirone, who had been watching her, made eye contact with her friends and moved towards her. 

"Hey, who are you? Maybe in the kingdom... ... Ugh!" 

Jiangnan immediately pulled up her skirt, and her Shirone's face turned red like a blush. She rolled up her stockings and pulled out her new stockings. She said as she changed her stockings, whether or not she was aware of the boys' coy glances. 

"The enemy you are dealing with is a cerebral body code-named The Lawyer' that inhabits beyond the northern limits of Heaven." 

"heaven?" 

Dante tilted her head. It occurred to me that there are a lot of really crazy people in the world. But Shirone and Amy couldn't hear Huhtu. Also, if you knew heaven, it meant that this woman was no ordinary person either.

"Actually, the lawyer is not that dangerous. It's just a simple phenomenon like the aurora. But when the environment changes, it becomes a headache. Golden time is 72 hours from the start of occurrence. From then on, it evolves exponentially. You guys got it just right." 

Kang Nan pulled her stockings up to her belly button, then slammed her skirt down to smooth out the folds. 

"Because you judged well, let me pass on your arbitrary actions. If the ruler of the law had expanded the radius of action, the army would have been dispatched. You have saved the lives of many people." 

Having said that, Kang Nan turned around and put on high heels. And when she kicked she went back and straightened her clothes. 

"By the way, can you tell me who you are?" 

As Shirone took off her hood and approached, Kang Nan's eyes narrowed slightly as he checked her face. 

'The real thing is younger. To really beat the law... ... .' 

Even in the initial case, the awakened ruler is ranked in Phenomenon Grade B set by Valkyrie. Since the normal angels are Class A, it means that they fought against a powerful enemy comparable to the fallen angels. 

'But how did you break the law?' 

The <Demonic Sword Armand> received as a gift from Princess Uorin would have been able to defend the law to some extent. However, I can assure you that I could never defeat the lawyer with that alone. 

'no way... ... .' 

Kang Nan could only think of one thing.

'Is it mental transcendence? No, it can't be. It's not something an eighteen-year-old can reach.' 

According to Kang Nan, all living things eventually move toward realizing incarnation. However, because the period is so long, most die without finding themselves within the given lifespan. 

It was heaven, if there were any exceptions. 

There are humans who live for hundreds of years and plants that live for hundreds of thousands of years. 

This was the reason why incarnation was called the art of heaven. 

It is said that the time to reach enlightenment is different for each creature, but on average it takes humans 220 years, cats 400 years, monkeys 600 years, snakes 700 years, and foxes 1,000 years. 

In the end, if Shirone realized the state of mental transcendence, it would have surpassed approximately 200 years of time. 

'I don't think there was any exaggeration in the association's evaluation.' 

Kang Nan is not an idle person. He was also one of the most trusted factors in the Association. 

If it wasn't for the instructions of his immediate superior, Old, he wouldn't have come to a magic school student simply for an interview. 

Kang Nan recalled the situation at the time. 



"If it's Shirone... ... Are you talking about Aryan Shirone from Alpheas Magic School?" 

"yes. The sickest junior at my alma mater. I don't know why the school still hasn't failed."

Gaold shuddered, but Kang Nan saw through his superior's intentions and stabbed him sharply. 

"You're not thinking of taking part in this project, are you?" 

As expected, Gaold did not respond. 

"I am against it. It's too risky. It's not a matter to decide by looking at Ataraxia alone. Are you thinking of wasting 20 years of preparation?" 

Gaold, who had become serious before he knew it, opened his heavy mouth. 

He said, "I heard he grows fast." 

Kang Nan responded with a snort. When it came to her Shirone, no one in her association knew more than she did. 

"She is, of course, one of the up-and-comers to represent the kingdom," she said. She is an Unlocker who uses batteries to give mass to light. She'll probably get a sixth grade by the time she's twenty if she diligently builds up her achievements. Great managers are in short supply in any organization." 

Kang Nan narrowed his eyes and checked Gaold's reaction. As if she understood, she kept her mouth shut. 

"Are you kidding me? Anyway, she's in 6th grade. Romi Etelado and Olifer Shiina, who are teaching the Shirone, also got the official 6th grade at the age of 20. But they are not the youngest either. It's just that there are a few geniuses everywhere in the kingdom. Here, unless she intends to wait another ten years, Shirone is right to give up." 

"I don't know. The youngest or what, I'm not a genius." 

Garold put his cigar in her mouth and leaned his neck against the backrest, looking up at Kang Nan.

"But am I the best right now?" 

The intensity was undeniable. Ga Old, she knew, was not an outstanding student, she said. However, he was now the best wizard in the Kingdom of Tormia, both in name and reality. 

"That's just an exceptional case... ... ." 

Ga Old held up his hand to stop him. 

"Ah, okay. Do as I say. It doesn't matter whether you become a 6th grader when you are 20 or 6th grade when you are 40 years old." 

"Nope. The reality is that many scouts measure performance over time as a measure of talent. If that's not important, then what's important?" 

Putting a cigar between his fingers, Old breathed out a roar of smoke and thought. 

"Eventually... ... It doesn't matter what you do." 

Kang Nan tried to retort, but shut her mouth. She is a distraught human being but she has times when she is speechless like this. 

"It's a mutt. Now that I've risen to the pinnacle of magic... ... ." 

Garold raised his chin haughtily. In fact, he was the only one who could call the last descendant of the wolf tribe a mutt.

"Being the best doesn't mean being number one. It's a complete departure from the group of ranks. Of course, if it's a talent to quickly follow the path others have paved, then it must be a talent. But look at the world. Those we call the best shine a light in uncharted territory that mankind has devoted its entire life to. 1st place or 2nd place, it's not that level. It's something that doesn't even have anything to compare the rankings to. That is a very different matter from following a path that already exists." 

Kang Nan chewed over Gaold's words several times. 

"Do you think Shirone can become the best?" 

"I can't say for sure. However, its growth rate is fast enough to destroy common sense, and it can use ataraxia. If these two things mesh at the right timing, it might be possible to reach it instantaneously under certain circumstances. Then maybe we can create at least one more variable." 

Although the project has been prepared for 20 years, the difficulty is still challenging the absolute impossible. In such a situation, one variable was worth getting at any cost. 

But the violence was unacceptable. It was not good to have unfounded trust in an uncertain subject in a matter so important that the life of the entire human race was exchanged. 

"I understood. But you know what? Precise timing, specific circumstances, instantaneously, at least. That most of what you just talked about is made up of families." 

Ga Old raised the corners of his mouth as if he had finally relaxed.

"Know. So let's meet. See it with your own eyes. If we can increase the probability of success even by 0.1 percent, shouldn't we use everything we can?" 



Kang Nan moved out of her flashback and told Shirone. 

"I am Ahoya Kang Nan, the chief secretary of the Magic Association." 

"Eh, the Chief Secretary of the Magic Association?" 

Shirone's eyes widened. Her friends, who were watching from behind, couldn't hide their surprise. If it was the head of the secretary, it would be safe to say that she was ranked second in the ranks of the Magic Association. A person who would be difficult to face even if he lived his entire life as a wizard was standing in front of him. 

Shirone quickly lowered his head. 

"Oh, hello. I am... ... ." 

Kang Nan was reluctant and spoke from the point of view. 

"Shirone, this is a national emergency. There is someone who wants to meet you. Come with me to the capital." 

Shirone put on a blank expression. 

It is said that it is a national emergency, but it was also strange to find yourself in such a situation as a mere student. 

"Who wants to meet me?" 

Kang Nan said indifferently. 

"The president of the Tormia Magic Association, Mikea Gaold." 

"Yes? Mikea Gaold?" 

Shirone's heart beat fast. He was the name he had heard most often in his life that he had never met.

It's not just Shirone. In the kingdom of Tormia, there was no one who did not know Mikea Gaold among those who dipped their feet into magic. 

Dante asked with interest. 

"Why is such a high-ranking person looking for Shirone?" 

Shirone was equally curious. But on the other hand, there was a part that I could guess. 

"Is it related to the Ice Queen?" 

"right. The Ice Queen is a heavenly being. Do you know what it means for such an existence to have descended into this world?" 

Shirone's eyes widened. The first thing that came to my mind when I heard that the existence of heaven had descended was the final war. 

"Stop, can't you?" 

"yes. A crack appeared in the space-time of the labyrinth." 

If the only barrier blocking the army of heaven was cracked, Kang Nan's words of a national emergency were understandable. 

Lyria sneaked in her. 

"Wait. Does the space-time of the labyrinth refer to the barriers of the law in the prophetic books?" 

Kang Nan, who was looking Liria up and down, asked. 

"Is there a shrine?" 

"Achaeans." 

"Right." 

Kang Nan nodded his head and continued his explanation.

"For now, it is not a serious problem. It was a small crack and now it has been restored. But a rift is always the beginning of a collapse, so things can't get any better than they are now. We have to prepare for that." 

"Then Miro-san is now... ... ." 

Kang Nan raised his hand to cut Shirone off. 

"This is all I can tell you. For the rest, listen directly to the author, who is my superior. Come with me to the capital." 

Shirone was deep in thought with a thoughtful expression. 

======================================= 
[344] The main character of life (4) 





The law The tourists, who regained their human form after being released, were horrified to see the naked body. There was an uproar. The women screamed and covered themselves, while the men panicked and looked for a place to hide. Shirone's party asked for help from the people outside the city wall and managed to evacuate everyone to an inn. 

Shirone sat on the railing of the cafe terrace and watched the tourists packed into each building. 

There were people who said they would sue the tourism office, and there were people who screamed loudly to call the manager. 

They also met the beings of heaven. It was impossible to predict what kind of repercussions today's events would have. 

Shirone looked back at Kang Nan. She also faces the tourists, but in her head it was her wandering face.

"Now what? Are you going to convince people?" 

"Is it necessary?" 

"Yes?" 

"We don't have to worry about trifles. People from the association will come. They will figure it out." 

"But it will be difficult to rectify with time. What if rumors spread?" 

"We just need to publicize it as if the myth of the Ice Queen was real. Believe it or not, you're polluting information. But it doesn't matter if you tell the truth. Even if you know it anyway, it's not at the level that ordinary people can do anything about it." 

Kang Nan experienced this situation often. When information about heaven spreads to the world, it seems like chaos will happen, but I assure you, nothing will happen. 

People will still worry about what to eat for the day, wake up over an important contract tomorrow, and worry about how to raise their fast-growing children. 

Kang Nan looked back at Zocre and his group. Even though she gave no special instructions, she stuck to her side and didn't fall off. 

They know it too. that it is not a situation they can rectify. 

But it was just a nuisance to Kang Nan. 

"Your treatment will also be decided by the Association. So don't follow me and go away. If you want to run away, you can." 

Zokre and the others bowed their heads sullenly.

I fully understand what it means to have the Magic Association as an enemy. Even if he goes to prison, his wizard license will not be revoked as long as he belongs to the Red Line. However, the moment they ran away, the only place they could belong was the Black Line. In the world of those caught in madness, Zocre and his party did not have the ability to endure. 

"Yes. Sorry. When the members of the association come, I will surrender." 

Amy silently looked at Zocre and the others as they walked away. This was the life I could share with them. No matter what happens, you have to live in the end, and you have to live fiercely to become the main character in your own life. 

After some follow-up, Kang Nan prepared to leave. Before uttering her words, she stared at Shirone. 

When she disarmed the Keumgang, she looked much younger than expected. Of course, she's not stupid enough to judge someone based on her looks. 

However, once I entered the association, I thought that these characteristics could be a headache. 

That's why Gaold's proposal was unconventional. 

"Shirone. We must start now. I'll be waiting for you in the carriage, so hurry up and follow me." 

"Yes. I'll be there soon." 

Shirone was planning to follow Kang Nan to the Magic Association. She was also curious about the circumstances of her labyrinth, although the fact that she didn't have a chance to face Gaold face to face played a part. 

She said, 'If I go to the capital, I'll be able to meet Lian. Tess too.' 

Shirone put on her backpack and approached Amy. 

"Sorry. Because it ended up like this."

I didn't have the face to see Amy. She wanted to enjoy her vacation properly this time, but she put her in danger again. 

"I tell you, I will never travel with you again." 

"haha! I'm really sorry. I have nothing to say." 

Amy smiled and shook her head. 

"Thank you, Shirone. Thanks to you, I have confidence. I think I can work hard again now." 

She was feeling Shirone too. Her ability to subdue Zokre's party, but the super-high heat of Inferno, was a magic that was difficult to implement at the same age as Amy. 

She had an epiphany during the battle, but she didn't ask about it. If there are 100 people, there are 100 realizations, and no one can follow Amy's style. The day will come when she will talk and listen. 

"I'll call you when I get there. And Dante, thank you for doing me a favor. Take good care of Amy." 

Dante shrugged her shoulders. She suddenly ended up escorting her rival's girlfriend, but it wasn't to her detriment. Heaven and the time-space of the labyrinth, Shirone and Amy seemed to be guessing something. With plenty of time on the way, she thought to ask about heaven. 

"I don't know what's going on, but it's good to go." 

"yes. Then see you at school." 

When Shirone left, Dante and Amy also turned around. On the way to the exit, Dante pointed to the cafe and asked.

"A copy before you go? Of course, as long as you live." 

"How far will this go? buy some! You have a lot of money!" 

"Uh huh. I escort you to the house, but at least coffee... ... yes?" 

Dante felt her presence and looked behind her. She was standing there with a large backpack on her back, just like when Lyria first saw her. 

Now that she has sealed the Ruler, she must return to the Acheanis Shrine and report her report. She probably thought that after today she would never see Dante again. A wizard and a mage are good and bad, because they go on different paths from the beginning. 

However, Lilia still had regrets. If she hadn't met Dante, this dispatch would most likely have failed. It's hard to imagine a wandering mage sharing feelings with someone, but because she relied on so much, she couldn't relieve her heart like she was cutting it with her sword. 

"I'll buy you coffee." 

"Hmm." 

Dante read Lyria's liking revealed in her eyes. She was truly a woman who could not hide her emotions. She wasn't the type to enjoy dating, but she wasn't careful to stop a woman from coming, so Dante hugged her by the shoulder and pointed at her somewhere. 

"great. coffee is done Shall we go somewhere quiet?" 

Lyria's face heated up as she looked at the direction Dante was pointing at. To her surprise, there was a sign that said an inn. 

As an ignorant Lilia, she couldn't help but be shocked by her instant love method. 

"Gee, now... ... what... ... sound... ... ."

"haha! no need to subtract You're old enough to know everything anyway. Let's not waste our time." 

Lyria grunted and let out her groan. I thought I could accept her self-centered personality, but her circumstance with women was unacceptable. 

"It's like a flirt! Let go of this!" 

When Lyria pushed away, Dante backed off meekly. 

"A flirt? What have we done, are you already wishing?" 

"it's okay! I'm suddenly out of my mind! I don't need them all, I'll go back to the shrine!" 

Dante laughed. If her relationship was this far, there was no reason for her to catch her. 

"yes. Be careful." 

'Indifferent child... ... .' 

When Dante really let her go, Lilia felt sad. But she never looked back. She seemed like if she turned her head here, she really couldn't turn back. 

"If something interesting happens, write me!" 

Lyria blinked her eyes at the sound of Dante's voice in the distance, then burst out laughing. 

Air servant Dante. She is 18 years old. 

2nd in the order of aspiring wizards in the kingdom of Tormia. 

'Whoops. I'll remember.' 

Leaving Lilia walking toward the horizon with her bright expression on her face, Dante and Amy headed for the exit again. 

I was about to leave the ruins of the castle, which I hated just looking at, but Zokre and his party were waiting for me at the ticket gate.

It was a very dignified face. She couldn't completely hide her fears, but she didn't seem to want to appear weak. 

Vivian came over to Amy. 

"Sorry." 

Amy shook her hand. This incident was not her child's play. It was seen that the situation was equitable by their being arrested. 

"it's okay. Because you and I fought according to our convictions. You don't have to apologize just because you lost." 

"no. The one who saved me in the end. If I had died then, there would have been no next time." 

"That's what... ... ." 

Amy shyly turned her head away. She honestly wasn't the only act for Vivian. She was the one who made the Jade King Park Yojin succeed, and what she shouted at the end was what she wanted to say to herself. 

"I don't know why you said that to me, but do your best. Be sure to become a wizard in the next graduation exam. Because you deserve to be the main character." 

Amy cried. She knows it's a cruel thought, but the words from her defeated mouth have given her more confidence than any consolation she's ever heard. 

Vivian hung his shoulders helplessly and went back to his friends. Amy, who had been watching the words of her miserable loser, opened her mouth. 

"Hey." 

As Vivian turned around, Amy undid one shoulder strap of her bag and rummaged through her pack. 

"ruler. this. take you."

In Amy's hand was a doll of the Ice Queen that she had received as a prize at the mini game room. Taking her trembling hand, Vivian looked at the ice queen for a long time. Her ice queen, the only person in her life who didn't pay attention to her, her face was smiling as bright as her child. 

"Black. Whoops." 

Vivian burst into tears and hugged her Ice Queen to her chest. Zocre came over and patted her back. Then she looked at her Amy for a moment and then she took Vivian and walked away. 

Amy watched them leave for a long time. They will fight to the end for their lives. If so, won't the day come when they can be the main characters too? 

'yes. I've only been eliminated once. If this were my life, I would fight and win.' 

Amy turned around with her fists clenched. Unlike yesterday, her gait toward Dante was unstoppable. 

Divine transcendence (1) 





A Kaizen swordsmanship school in Basuka, the capital. 

Quan, who is currently a certified 6th grade swordsman and was called a magician of death before he injured his Achilles tendon, was fighting a nightmare of the past that he could never return to. 

Born into a family of soldiers, Quan lost his entire family on the battlefield when he was six years old. His uncle took him in and raised him, but only took away his property and sent him to a swordsmanship school in another country. 

But he didn't resent anyone.

It was because he had no one to rely on, but he had a genius enough to become a certified 6th grade prosecutor at the age of only 20 years old. 

The nightmare begins with an incident from 10 years ago. 

At the age of 21, he was assigned as the 2nd Company Commander of the Search Battalion to capture Cointra, the founder of the Dark Church. 

The crew did not welcome Quan. It was only natural that a 21-year-old kid had transferred to the veteran unit with an average age of 38. 

Quan didn't care either. To him, his commander, a soldier was just a consumable item needed to win the war. 

Without even having time to say hello to his crew, Quan immediately led his men into the Haunted Forest. 

So far, numerous search teams have entered, but all without exception have lost contact. 

The former company commander, who was frightened, went back to his home country for sick leave, so Quan was put in an emergency. 

But Quan was confident. 

Even if there really were ghosts in the forest, there was nothing in the world that his sword could not cut. 

'Don't catch me. That it's a ghost.' 

The first day passed without incident. 

However, something happened when the 2nd Company, which had finished camp, was doing maintenance around dawn. 

"attack! It's an attack!" 

The sentry's cry disappeared after one blow. Realizing that he had already broken through, Quan grabbed his sword and walked out of the barracks.

The other members, each equipped with weapons, were wary of the enemy approaching from outside the twilight of dawn. 

A gale blew. No, actually the wind didn't exist. It was just ringing in everyone's ears. Qu An reflexively cut through the darkness, but nothing caught his blade. 

======================================= 
[345] Divine Transcendence (2 





) Equip yourself!" 

40 crew members united in a circle. In a situation where the enemy could not be identified, the most important thing was not to be defeated individually. 

Quan finally captured the enemy. 

From 20 meters away, a dark curtain shimmered, and the white mask flipped sequentially, revealing himself. 

"what?" 

At some point, those wearing owl-like masks swirled around and stood up in a triangular formation. 

Sureureung! 

Thirty people drew their swords at the same time, but there was only one sound. Seeing them standing in the same posture aiming at the line of sight reminded me of a certain group's information I had heard during the commander's training. 

"no way... ... ." 

The strongest swordsman group on earth. 

'Why is Pungjang here?' 

Fengzhang is an escort knight for Theraze, the empress of the Kashan Empire. If such people appeared, there was one reason. Cointra, the leader of the Dark Church, is under the protection of Thera.

"What are you up to, Kashan?" 

"If you go to the underworld... ... ." 

Poongjang's exclusive patent, the collective murder notice, was fired. 

"You will find out." 

"Aaaagh!" 

I heard the screams of the 2nd company. Even for Quan, it was a tremendous life. No matter how veteran it was, it wasn't the level of energy that a normal soldier could fight back. 

"Sheesh!" 

As Quan kicked off the ground and charged, the Fengzhang scattered like the wind and gathered again. Dozens of swords created thousands of afterimages, and Quan's body moved as if ignoring gravity. 

'Damn it. How many points of external gravity are there?' 

The skill of the fan was truly astounding. Those who implement fluid mechanics with the human body. It felt like we were losing our sense of direction and sharing swords in the middle of zero gravity. 

But it was Fengzhang who was really surprised. 

'It takes a long time. How many times have you swung it? 

'Approximately 23,000 times.' 

There are very few people who can withstand Fengzhang's swordsmanship more than 1,000 times. In other words, it meant that it could grind any being in one second. 

'How naughty God is.' 

If this world were 100% perfect, all creatures would be happy as microbes. But always nature makes 0.1 percent mutations. The existence of that 0.1% lowers the remaining 99.9% to insignificance. 

'Born by chance... ... A specially chosen being.'

That was the impression Fengzhang felt for Quan. 

Technique, finesse, body balance, the ability to handle gravity, and the idea of ??creating new routes. 

'This man is a genius.' 

At the same time as he thought, the Fengjang staff spread out like wings. Then it became a gale again and coiled around Quan like a snake. 

'He kills genius.' 

Fengzhang's sword engulfed all space. It was so fast that it felt like it was coming rather slowly. 

"Wow! rush! Rush!" 

At that moment, the company members rushed in. As soon as it entered the radius of the wind field, its flesh was ground like a piece of meat caught in a mechanism. Quan's escape from the sword was almost instinctive. 

'This crazy... ... !' 

An old man named Kobe, the oldest in the company, passed Quan for the last time. He didn't even have time to say goodbye, but his smiling eyes said a thousand words instead. 

'Live. Company commander.' 

Looking at the company members being slaughtered in an instant, Quan realized why they had to die. 

'I see. At least one person has to get out.' 

Kashan's involvement needs to be reported to the superiors. Otherwise, more members of the search party will fall into the trap of Poongjang. 

'This is the best. Because if someone has to live, I'm the most likely.'

Quan, who was driven away by the force of external gravity, indifferently looked at the dark storm that raged in the darkness. All the crew members I hadn't known for a day, or hadn't even met eyes with, had all passed away. 

'Why... ... .' 

I felt something hot inside. A huge flame burned in a place that was thought to have been extinguished and left nothing but ashes. 

"Why the hell! damn it!" 

As Quan flew away, bursting with external gravity, the scattered wind fields gathered like feathers in a triangular formation 20 meters away. 

"you... ... Don't think about going back alive." 

Fengzhang didn't answer. In an unexpected situation, their heads were running complicatedly. 

'Mission failed.' 

No, it almost failed. 

If Quan had made up his mind to run away, Fengzhang would not have been able to catch him. The lives of 40 insignificant people set an irreversible precedent for the world's strongest Fengzhang. 

Fengzhang, who stood in the lead, slowly lifted his hand and took off his mask, and Quan's forehead twitched. A woman's face with thin, slanted corners of her eyes was revealed beneath her thick, pale eyes, as if she had no eyebrows. 

"This is the first time a living person has seen the face of Fengzhang." 

"So what? Do you want me to be thrilled?" 

"Come into the wind farm. We will lead you."

It was an unconventional proposal even for Quan, who is acknowledged by the world. Above all, they are the direct subordinates of Terase, the third emperor. If he accepted the offer, he would rise vertically to the highest possible position for a prosecutor. 

Qu An finally removed the sword and put it on his shoulder. 

"refuse." 

The woman's head tilted gently. Which swordsman in the world refuses Fengzhang's proposal? It was evident that he had lost his sense of reality with the deaths of his comrades. 

"The death of a subordinate is regrettable. But a new future awaits you. Don't bury your talent in the past." 

Quan snorted. No matter how great the Fengzhang is, there can't be two of the best under the sky. 

"Don't be mistaken. My men only fulfilled their mission as soldiers. The fool is the commander who can't control his emotions." 

"Then why are you refusing?" 

Quan's sword aimed again at the woman's forehead. 

"I've been curious since before, isn't it embarrassing? What do you call the strongest among those who gather in groups and slash?" 

"... ... It's a breakdown." 

At the same time as the woman put on the owl mask, the 30 Fengzhi scattered like the wind and flew towards Quan. 

'wait. I'll take at least one.' 

How would you raise your face in the afterlife if you betrayed the expectations of your subordinates and did not even make a companion on the other side of the world?

Quan fell into the storm of Fengzhang, spreading external gravity in all directions. The movements made by masters of external gravity went beyond combat and approached art. 

'Right. The answer was surprisingly easy.' 

Quan jumped over the wall. It was a certain level that he was able to overcome because he did not want to live. This time, Fungjang couldn't help but be nervous. The forest of ghosts trembled at the deafening wails of dozens of swords. 

'A sword, is it even beautiful?' 

At the end of the joy, Quan's sword cut the trajectory. Fengzhang's neck was separated from the body, and at the same time, another heart stopped stuck in the blade. 

'two people. That's enough to pay for the meal.' 

Whoo oh oh oh! 

Realizing the death of his colleague, the flow of wind exploded like a turbulent stream. The killing of two people at the same time was an extremely rare event in the entire history of Fengzhang. 

Quan calmly watched as their anger raged in the form of a frenzy. But they didn't kill Quan. Instead, he took off his Achilles tendon like fish meat. 

"Aaaaaaa!" 

Quan screamed. It wasn't because it was painful. Everything that made him up, including the realization from a while ago, disappeared as 30 grams of flesh fell off. 

The nickname "magician of the battlefield" came from his magical swordsmanship, which decapitated opponents anytime, anywhere, but it was possible thanks to his genius activity and mobility.

There is no genius without an Achilles heel. He was no longer a battlefield mage. 

"Big uh... ... !" 

Quan couldn't stand up. He could not get up. Still, he stretched out his arms and crawled up his hillside. I could hear the deafening wails of the wind that circled around me. The voices uttered by 28 people, one syllable at a time, would be unforgettable even after a lifetime. 

- You've become a mere insignificant thing. 

Quan continued to crawl. He was not afraid of death because he had lost everything. But he couldn't abandon his 40 men and give up his own life. 

- Struggling like a bug. 

"Aww! shut up!" 

- Bark like a dog. 

"Kill! I mean kill!" 

- Report to your master. He said that the windmill saved his life. wag his tail and tell him 

As the wind gusted from Fengzhang, the sound of fireworks could be heard. For Quan, it was like the world was on fire. 

Falling face down on the ground, he clenched his fists. He couldn't hold out any longer. He could not prevent his conviction, to which he had dedicated his life, from falling into abyss. 

"Aaaaaaaaaaa!" 

Quan's scream echoed in the forest of ghosts where Fengzhang disappeared. 



"... ... ." 

Quan opened his eyes. His face was still indifferent, but cold sweat broke out on his forehead. 

"Damn it."

I couldn't lift a single finger as if I was being pressed by scissors. After she had a dream of Fengzhang, she always did. Ten minutes should be as stiff as a corpse. Just like the day 10 years ago when the Achilles tendon was cut. 

Ku An, who had almost escaped the Haunted Forest, lost consciousness upon his return and was urgently evacuated to Tormia. 

He reported that Theraze was protecting the Dark Church, but as expected, it did not affect the situation. 

The search battalion was disbanded after continuing sluggish local warfare while encircling the mountain range for about a month. 

It seems that there was some kind of agreement with the Kashan Empire, but from there, it was a matter of politicians, so Quan did not intervene. 

Quan couldn't be a hero. The incident of that day disappeared into history without even mentioning the name of Poongjang. 

He was offered the position of battalion commander in the cavalry in the army, although he did come. He was a second-class special promotion, but there was no way he didn't know that it was for silence. 

Quan chose to be discharged. His mind had already been destroyed to the point where he could no longer hold the sword. 

He lived like an idiot for a while. Considering his members, he had never dreamed of committing suicide, and he had no suitable helpers. 

Then one day, at the suggestion of his only friend, Kiyora Ellis, he was assigned to the Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy. 

'It's moving now.' 

After getting out of bed, Quan limped on his right leg and walked to the window. As he drew back his curtains, the morning light shone on his old desk.

Numerous papers were messed up. 

Although the titles were different, such as 'Psychoanalytic Opinion on the Phenomenon of Psychological Transcendence', 'Personalization', and 'Correlation between Will and Phenomenon', the themes were the same. 

At the corner of the desk, memo pads on which he recorded his thoughts were stuck to them. 

Qu An looked down at them with dry eyes and then blew them all away with a sweep of his hand. 

He collected all the data on transcending the mind, but still he could not reach it. Let it be said that he moves his body by force of will. But what is an alternative will? Even now, he is lame. No matter how much he tries to walk properly, he just can't do it. 

'Ogent Lian.' 

who could have predicted? 

The fact that a boy with no talent to be found will do what Quan, a recognized genius, could not do. 

'Couldn't it be that I'm just an idiot?' 

Quan shook his head. I knew the truth. That he had already broken his sword. The moment his Achilles tendon fell off, the sword god also turned his attention away from him. 

'Another year is over.' 

Today was the last day of the second half of the swordsmanship school. The measurement subject of the cadets he was in charge of was bakuto, especially wrestling. 

Even if Lian could use divine transcendence, he would not be able to withstand the augmented physical strength of schema users.

Perhaps today will be another miserable day for him, but on the other hand, I was curious about the results of the past half year. 



* * * 



Tess entered the locker room with the female cadets in her group. 

Wrestling is an evaluation item that requires close contact with the body, but since there is no meaning in separating men and women in a swordsmanship school, everyone had to take off their tops during evaluation. 

However, women were allowed to wear tank tops. 

Tess was having a hard time putting her tank top on. Although her original skeleton is large, her volume was good, so I had to squeeze her breasts almost tightly. 

======================================= 
[346] Her Divine Transcendence (3) 





Her 's classmates looked at her with envious eyes. 

"Tess. I've felt it before, but you really have a pretty body. Are you exercising separately?" 

"What is exercise? It's hard to keep up with the training. Besides, it's not particularly good. It's very cumbersome to get caught in close combat like today." 

She gave her pitiful eye smile as if her motives understood. 

"If you do it, there are all kinds of kids. There are men who touch me gently. Of course, if you do that to me, I'll break your back." 

She had another motive. 

"It is true that it is disadvantageous. Because I have to compete with muscle monsters who only eat meat for ten meals a day."

Tess, who was wearing a tank top, said as she put on her training suit. 

"There are sports that are advantageous to women anyway. Anyway, it's the last evaluation, so let's do our best." 

"yes. When I go on vacation, I have to sleep first. Lose some muscle too. I will definitely get a boyfriend this year." 

The comrade who changed clothes asked while lightly warming up. 

"By the way, how is Tess? Is Lian and Jindo still the same? That kid is really indifferent." 

Tess bent her knees back and laughed as she pulled the soles of his feet up to her hips. 

"haha! are you okay. Lian has big dreams. If my boyfriend succeeds, it's good for me." 

"Ugh. Don't do that, bounce it and try it. If a pretty girl like you likes it, bowing won't be enough." 

"Because I'm really fine. I'm not running anywhere, so what?" 

I laughed it off in front of my friends, but it wasn't like that in my heart. Lately, Leon has been talking less than before. It was clear that he had concerns, but he never said anything. 

'What is it? Are you doing this to me too?' 

I decided to put up with it until today. I'm on vacation tomorrow anyway, so even if it's a serious concern, I'll be able to ask comfortably. 

After leaving the locker room, the cadets were heading down the hallway to the training ground. A man escaped from the crowd and approached Tess. Tess immediately showed dislike, but he, who is used to buying and selling, spoke to her with friendly eyes. 

"Hello, Tess? I see you here."

"Since it's the same building, of course you'll see it. Anyone who hears it will know that we met in hell." 

The man's name is Rock. Coming from a first-class family, his father was the current Deputy Minister of Defense of Tormia. 

He is a long-time comrade with Tess's father, a colony commander, and has known Tess since childhood. 

His square chin, blonde hair, and deep eyes were attractive to anyone. His body was properly angled and his swordsmanship skills were excellent, so there were rumors in the social world that he was already getting a coma seat. 

However, Rockeo chose Tess as his number one woman. The prestige of the Elzain family is great, but his beautiful appearance and handsome body were not lacking in anything to be his mate. 

"Tess. How about something for dinner tonight? Because I trained hard for half a year." 

"Sorry, but no. I have a prior agreement with Lian." 

"Do not lie. Every cadet knows that he won't accept you. What the hell are you doing? You can have dinner with old friends, right?" 

"no. I don't like you, and I don't want Lian to become conscious of you in any case. So let's forget the old feelings and pretend we don't know each other." 

The rock fish sighed. I couldn't figure out why Tess, who was clever and sensible, fell in love with Lian. 

He has poor skills and above all, he has no future. How could a swordsman with no knowledge become a commander?

"Tess. You have to think carefully. How long are you going to act like a child? you have a dream too With me, you can make that dream come true. Lian will never be able to make you happy." 

Tess shut his mouth tightly as if he wasn't even worthy of an answer. Rockeo felt the iron wall in her eyes. But the more she did, the stronger her possessive desire to possess her became. 

"Tess. What are you doing? let's go." 

Tess' face, which had been cold, brightened in an instant. She didn't even say hello to Rocker and ran to Lian, who was waiting at the end of her hallway. 

'That child... ... !' 

Rocker glared at Lian, trembling at her humiliation. But, as always, Lian only turned away after scattering her life with her nonchalant gaze. 

Lian and Tess were silent. Lian has been reticent lately and Tess is worried that Lian will care about her relationship with her rocker. 

It wasn't until she got out of the building that Lian spoke to her. 

"Is the rocker bothering you again?" 

Tess hastily waved her hand. 

"no. What if I bother you? Are you sure you don't care? I told you not to talk to me in the future." 

"Do not worry about it. Because I don't care." 

Tess pursed her lips. If Lian was conscious of the rock language, that would also be a headache, but after hearing her nonchalant reply, she felt badly treated as if she was being trifled with. 

"Lian. For these days... ... ."

"How strong has Shirone become?" 

Tess shut her mouth. what did he expect? From the beginning, there was no place for her in Lian's thoughts. 

The reason Lian trained to the extreme every day was to become a knight comparable to Shirone, who was growing rapidly. 

If it was a master-servant relationship under knight oath, it was natural. 

However, Shirone was a precious friend to her, so the problem was that she sometimes forgot the relationship between the two. 

Tess brushed off her disappointment and patted Lian on the shoulder. 

"She must have been very strong? Shirone is a genius. But you did your best too. When she sees you now, she'll black out in surprise." 

Lian smiled bitterly. Whenever she did her best, what she felt was the extraordinary human nature of Shirone. 

But now he was also seeing the answer to his long agony. There will be no more conflict. 

"yes. You have to surprise me properly." 

Upon entering her training ground, many cadets had already gathered. After today, the achievements of the aspiring knights in the kingdom will be recorded again as a report card. 

Tess took the top spot in most of the evaluations and was already in the lead group. 

On the other hand, Lian still couldn't get out of last place. 

"Attention troops!"

When Quan entered the training ground, all the cadets stood up. The nervousness he had when he first entered the facility disappeared and he felt a disciplined spirit. 

"rest. Today is a wrestling evaluation. Do you know?" 

"Yes!" 

A unified recital echoed. 

He was enough to satisfy even the picky Quan, but he was having the worst day of the year and his tone was rough. 

"what are you doing? Take off your top." 

As if it were a race, the buttons on his training suit came undone. The men, who exposed their flesh-colored upper bodies, paid attention to Quan unwaveringly, regardless of the cold. 

No one looked at the female cadet. It was disrespectful for him as someone who took knight lessons, and even if he had a worldly heart, the day he got caught by Quan was doomed. 

However, Quan did not put any special restrictions on the men looking at each other. Because that is the male's aggression and wild instinct. 

As the evaluation period approaches, the number of cadets using public bathhouses decreases significantly. This is because the body is honest and contains the process of training as it is. 

Showing your body ahead of competition is not good tactically. It was for this reason that the topless wrestling evaluation was held on the last day. 

The focus of the cadets was on the body of the rock fish. The large muscles split as if they were wearing armor, and the trapezius muscle starting from the neck felt intimidating just by looking at it.

'It's a huge bulk up. How much did you grow in one month?' 

'It's a human golem. If I get caught, I can't even collect the bones.' 

In terms of sword skills, Tess, who handles sharp swords, was first, but in terms of physical ability, Rockfish, who hoped to be a heavy infantryman, had the upper hand. Wrestling, in particular, was the skill he was most confident in, and he was a skilled man who could even break a bear's neck with his bare hands. 

"Wow... ... ." 

As exclamations erupted here and there, the rockfish turned its head with a triumphant face. However, the object of admiration was Lian, not the rock fish. Everyone couldn't take their eyes off him. 

Lian's body was developed without missing a single small muscle. It was surprising that there were so many different types of muscles inside human skin. The feeling of being perfectly integrated. It was as hard as if it had been put in a mold and squeezed. 

Even the male cadets who would not lose to the body faction were mesmerized, so it was only natural that Tess had hearts engraved in her eyes. 

'Lian... ... .' 

However, her eyes quickly changed to a vague look. She knew how much pain Lian had gone through to make his body perfect. 

After eating Ymir's arm, Lian's right arm developed abnormally. It's good to have stronger physical strength, but it's never a good thing to lose balance. 

From then on, Lian went through extreme training, wielding a club heavier than his greatsword 3,000 times a day.

Biological feedback is truly amazing, and as time goes by, the entire body begins to develop in a way that balances the right arm. 

What was born in that way was Lian's current body. 

His muscular strength, which achieved perfect body balance, was 4 times stronger than half a year ago. 

He might be the strongest of the non-schema people. 

'I've been hit by the sword.' 

While the cadets were admiring Lian's appearance, Quan was paying attention to the functional aspect. 

It is not a body built for one-dimensional goals such as strength or endurance. 

It was a form optimized for the task of wielding a sword. 

'But it's quite bizarre. It's not the first time I've seen a trained person's body, but I feel like I'm seeing it for the first time.' 

Quan's sense of incongruity was accurate. 

Lian's body was in a state beyond the limits of perfection that normal humans could reach through feedback from his abnormal right arm. 

'Anyway, if you watch it, you'll find out. What can that body do among schema users?' 

Quan put his thoughts to rest and raised his head. 

"Attention everyone. I will briefly explain the evaluation today." 

The cadets who came to their senses paid attention to Quan. The rock, which was glaring at Lian annoyedly, turned his head away.

"Wrestling is the major subject of the heavy infantry position. So, I won't require any special skills from kids like you. As long as they are in close contact with each other in a two-person team, it doesn't matter if they hit. Because I can't tell them apart anyway. Since the weight classes are different, winning and losing are not included in the evaluation criteria, and it is okay to use 'folding'." 

Upon hearing Quan's last words, the eyes of the cadets changed. 

A schema is a virtual human body diagram that takes effect by overlapping several diagrams of a specific build. 

'Folding' is an advanced technique of schema, which folds a specific human body diagram in half to create an effect as if two sheets were overlapped. 

For example, if a test that uses muscle strength as its base technique tree performs folding, its strength increases more than twice. 

At a higher level, two folds are entered, which are called 'double'. 

In this way, it is developed into triple, quadra, and penta, and the limit of folding that humans can reach is known to be 7 times. 

Of course, at the cadet level, it is clear that even singles are difficult skills. However, Kaizen Swordsmanship Academy, which is no other place, is a prestigious school where the most talented people gather in Tormia. 

Even if they were still treated as children by the instructors, more than half of them could speak basic folding. 

Tess turned to Lian. As expected, his expression darkened. Lian's skills are not inferior to those of the other cadets. However, as long as the schema was included in the evaluation items, he was always in last place.

The description of the schema is not limited to folding. 

Numerous advanced technologies have been developed, such as 'transmission', which expresses the properties of two human body diagrams at once, 'reversal', which turns the technique build upside down, and 'intersection', which folds the human body diagram diagonally. 

======================================= 
[347] Divine transcendence (4) 





So far, the body Although they are able to stand on equal footing only with their abilities, the gap will inevitably widen as the level of their competitors rises in the end. 

So, even though the school knew about Lian's circumstances, they were unable to readily make an exception. 

"I will start the evaluation from Article 1. Groups 2 and 3 come out and warm up, and the rest rest." 

The cadets belonging to Group 1 went to the training ground with their eyes wide open. When Quan, who sat down with the evaluation sheet, gave the signal to start, a fierce hand-to-hand fight broke out with a monstrous spirit. 

As Quan focuses on the confrontation, the cadets regain their composure. As always, Tess came to sit next to Lian. It was nice to have a conversation with Lian ahead of the evaluation. Would you say it feels like being alone with your lover on a battlefield? 

However, Tess' small pleasure was ruined by the approaching rockfish. 

He walked over with his well-developed chin raised and said looking down at Lian. 

"Hey, Lian. how is it? Can you avoid finishing last this time?" 

"Never mind. It's not your business."

"haha! Of course it is. It's like last place. I don't know. But suddenly I got a funny idea. Maybe it has something to do with you." 

"What are you talking about?" 

When Lian turned around, the rock fish pointed at him with his thumb. 

"How about hanging out with me? Wrestling. do you know If you defeat me, the strongest, will the school recognize you? Don't you have to do something to get out of last place?" 

Lian looked back as if she wasn't interested. 

"I don't need anyone's approval. If I had to fight, I would fight anyone, but I don't want to brag about my strength." 

The rock fish smiled faintly. These were the words of a typical underdog who wants to avoid fights and builds his ego. 

But this time, that pride would get in the way. 

"Hmm. Can you take responsibility for your words now?" 

Having said that, the rockfish looked around the training ground. And he raised his hand without missing the gap at the end of the 2nd group confrontation. 

"Instructor! I have a suggestion." 

"what?" 

"I want to compete with Lian. please allow The negotiations between the two have already ended." 

Changing the way the cadets were evaluated was something they couldn't do without a liver sticking out of the ship. 

However, this time, Quan was also particularly deep in thought. If Lian was the target, he was interesting to him too.

It was because I was curious about how far the mental transcendence could hold up against the rock fish with the most outstanding physical ability among my peers. 

"I will listen to the opinions of the same group and make a decision." 

Even if Lian and Rockyeo finished the discussion, the other members of the team could have had different thoughts. 

However, Rockfish was confident. 

No one could beat him in wrestling anyway, so he wouldn't hesitate to make an offer to get a high score. 

As expected, the opponent of the rock fish meekly agreed. 

Even if winning or losing did not affect the performance, it was difficult to display long-term skills against an opponent with an overwhelming difference in skill. 

Lian's opponent also had no reason to refuse. If it was Lian, who was not a schema user, it would be worth it if he did well, and if he didn't, it would be a serious loss. 

When their respective interests and gains and losses came to a conclusion, Quan drew two lines in the name of the evaluation paper and changed his team. 

"good. Lian and Rocker go into Article 17." 

As Rockfisher sat down next to Lian with a satisfied smile, Tess was inexplicably anxious. 

Few of his peers would be able to beat Lian in real swordsmanship, but wrestling's rocks were truly dangerous. 

I don't know what he was thinking of suggesting this confrontation, but I just hoped it would end as part of the evaluation. 

The rock fish looked at Lian's hardened face and said.

"how? Did you really end up sticking with me? You won't regret it now, will you? If you're scared, say it now. I will make it easy for you." 

Lian didn't answer. If she didn't have something to say, she wasn't the type to make up words. 

After that, the evaluation went smoothly. 

When Team 8 entered the arena, Tess, Team 10, prepared to leave. Because wrestling is an intense sport, there is a high risk of injury if you don't stretch beforehand. 

"I'll go to Lian." 

"yes. To work hard." 

The rock fish added a word. 

"It's not a big deal. Show off your top-tier skills." 

Tess ignored the rocker's words and headed to the training ground. Even so, the rock fish was not displeased. He didn't have much left to send a cold glance. Once the confrontation with Lian begins, her eyes will burn hot. 

It was Tess' turn. The opponent was Godim, a swordsman with an honest personality. Sticking to the short-shaved hair of his trainee days, he blushed when he faced Tess. 

It is foolish to separate men and women in schools that teach the art of killing people. However, he didn't feel the need to wrestle with him because he had a lot of physical contact. 

Nevertheless, when he entered the confrontation, Godim's eyes sharpened like a warrior facing a beast.

Tess ran first and collided with Godim. Godim lowered her center of gravity and stretched out her arms to pull her thighs together. Her legs lifted momentarily, but Tess deftly turned her around and disabled her technique. 

Seeing this, the rockfish smiled in satisfaction. 

"That's great too, Tess. What a wonderful woman. it's not like that?" 

Even Lian acknowledged Tess' talent and skills. However, the words of the rock fish were unpleasant. It was because he knew that the place where his eyes were directed was not Tess's skills, but her body. 

"Why are you trying to fight me?" 

"You must know why?" 

The rock fish laughed. Judging from her taciturn mouth, she seemed to be getting nervous that Tess would be taken away from her. 

"If that's really the reason, don't bring Tess in again. Instead, she comes whenever she wants to fight. Because I don't run away or avoid it." 

"haha! You are confident. But what next for you?" 

Rockfish decided to get to the point. Now without Tess was a golden opportunity to reveal her inner thoughts. 

"Ogent Lian. I've heard rumors I heard that your training is called demon training. You risked your life to win, what is this? good anyway Then, why don't the losers in this confrontation step back from Tess?" 

Lian snorted at her in disbelief. 

"Do you think Tess will choose you just because you beat me?"

"It doesn't matter. It's one thing for you to leave and Tess to choose me. I am asking about your resolve." 

Lian put off an answer and looked at Tess. Her wrestling was different from Godim. She was distracting her opponent with flexibility and balance, not strength. 

Tess' talent was certainly genuine. On the other hand, she herself has no talent and no future. It was just a luxury to think about who she was in this situation. 

"I don't bet on people's hearts." 

"huh. Are you pulling your tail because it's disadvantageous?" 

"But I will tell you this." 

Lian's eyes glared at the rock fish. 

"Even if you kill me in this confrontation, I will never resent you." 

Lian's intentions were sincere. However, because he was born with strong bones and had a military constitution, he was more aggression than fear. 

"haha! Are you shouting? Do you know that I can't?" 

Then she heard a thud from the training ground. Lian and Rocker looked back at the same time. Tess was holding her arm by her godim, hanging her to the ground. 

She looked up at the sky with an expression that she did not know what had happened to her, and then sat down with her face blushing. 

"I lost. It was a good fight." 

"Whoa. You did a good job too. Actually, the last one was a gamble."

An overturn attempted by taking advantage of the opponent's pushing force. It was a situation where there was no choice but to give up if the judgment was wrong, but there was no way that Tess, a sensory schema, could not capture the opponent's center shift. Godim also knew that her words were consideration for the loser, and she meekly accepted defeat. 

Tess returned to Lian and made a V with both hands. 

"lol. I'm done. It's a vacation from now on." 

However, the atmosphere was quite different from before. Lian's expression was even colder, and even the eyes of the rockfish were burning with life. It was clear to her that something had happened while she was away. 

"Lian. What's wrong with your expression? Rock, what happened?" 

The rock fish shrugged his shoulders and shuddered. 

"What are you doing by asking me about that? I didn't do anything." 

Tess stared at the rockfish with unresolved doubts, and then sat down reluctantly. She knew it was a lie, but Lian wouldn't answer if she asked. 

When the match in group 15 started, Lian in group 17 entered the training ground to warm up. Then, the rock fisher, who pretended to follow him, turned to Tess and said. 

"Tess. You'll find out soon. How crappy Lian is. And what a wonderful man I am." 

"What nonsense are you talking about? No matter what you do, the day will never come when you look great in my eyes." 

"You are doing too much. I'm still a friend I know that? I made a bet with Lian a while ago."

"bet? What bet?" 

"The loser in this confrontation decided to give up on you. I thought it would be good to know in advance." 

Tess snorted at her and shook her head. 

"Rock, Lian never bets on anyone else. That's the difference between you and Lian." 

Rockfish was displeased with Tess' blind trust, but did not show it. Also, this was the driving force that allowed him to sow numerous rumors in the social world. 

"Is it really so? Just watch it for now." 

In any case, the confrontation was concluded, so it did not matter. Tess would be ashamed to see Lian suffer miserably in front of the cadets. In that respect, his wrestling entry was very good. Because he can take his time and slowly harass his opponent. 

When Group 17's turn came back, Lian and Rocker faced each other in the arena. When compared with the naked body, the difference in body size reached almost 1.5 times. Even though Lian is by no means small compared to his peers, the bulk up of the rock fish was so frightening that it looked like a battle between an adult and a child. 

The cadets fixed their eyes on the two. Like a person who expects the brutal feeding that can only be seen in the wild. 

Lian will be eaten. As such, the disadvantage of not being able to speak the schema was fatal in every way. 

The reason why Lian is recognized is that he is following the progress only with his physical ability, but his skills were never the best. 

The rock fish snapped his thick neck and said.

"Then shall we begin? Are you ready?" 

"However much. Now that it's like this, let's have a good match." 

As Lian and Bahre took a wrestling stance, Quan also stopped writing and paid attention to their confrontation. 

The two collided at the same time as the start signal went off. 

After touching the body, you are free to do whatever you want. However, the rock fish pushed him in from the head and shocked him at the same time as the start. 

There was a bang. It was a sound that made you feel anxious that your skull might have been shattered. 

Quan didn't think it was a foul. It was a common case for collisions to occur for close contact. 

It wasn't that Lian wasn't prepared, but the moment his heads collided, sparks exploded in front of his eyes and his upper body flipped. 

In a crash like this, in the end, weight is everything. This was the reason why Rockfish desperately bulked up. 

As Lian stumbled, the rock fish immediately caught up and grabbed Lian's back neck. Lian hurriedly came to his senses and made the same gesture. It was like two bulls standing with their horns pointed at each other. In a state of apnea, each other's faces turned red. Gradually, Lian's legs began to drag on the ground. Again, the deciding factor was the weight. 

"Huhhhh... ... ." 

Breath leaked from between the teeth of the rock fish. I had heard rumors, but it was shocking to actually face it. Lian can't speak schema. In the first place, it should have fallen out of the first collision, and it was normal.

======================================= 
[348] Divine Transcendence (5) 





'Cheerful child ... ... !' 

The rockfish tried the technique. He tried to throw his center off by framing Lian's body with his arms. But Lian did the same, swinging his arm to sabotage his technique. 

Annoyed, the rockfish pushed Lian away. And he hit his body again. A second headbutt was inflicted. This time, Lian also felt dizzy. 

When the chance to tackle finally came up, the rocker rushed while hugging Lian's waist. Hesitantly hesitantly, when he walked over Lian's legs, his waist opened. It was over when I pressed it like this. 

"Keugh!" 

Lian managed to twist his body and get out. His mind was still not sane. It took time. 

However, the rocker rushed again without giving him a chance to come to his senses. Lian, who had been thwarted twice, instinctively put his head first and countered. His mind flashed, but not as much as the first and second. 

The two raised their eyes wide as their foreheads met. Blood was still flowing from his nose. 

Rockfish could not control his anger. For him who aspires to become a heavy infantryman, strength is just as important as swordsmanship. Lian's value would have risen just by pushing him to this point, who had no history of losing in wrestling. 

'huh. I can't let it go like that.' 

The rock fish raised the corner of his mouth and said.

"Can you stand it? but are you okay? It looks like your eyes are open." 

Actually, Lian was hazy. In a confrontation of strength, the speed of breathing must be adjusted to the reaction of the opponent. It was like going under water and betting who could hold their breath the longest. The lack of oxygen made him unconscious even while standing. 

"Then, shall we go into folding from now on?" 

Lian gritted his teeth. Did you fight without folding until now? As if to prove that it was not a lie, enormous power came from the body of the rock fish. 

"ha ha ha! Is this too easy?" 

Rockfish cooked Lian as he pleased. He picked it up as if playing with a child, then put it down and swung it from side to side. When the difference in strength was more than doubled, the technique was useless. 

'You didn't think it would end like this, did you?' 

The rock fish hugged Lian's chest and lifted it up. When I applied pressure in that state, all the air in my lungs was expelled. 

"Huh!" 

The feeling of forcibly escaping the air in the body was the height of discomfort, but it was nothing compared to the rock fish technique that followed. 

He lifted Lian's arm and entered it between his armpits, and while standing, attempted to snap a swastika into his lower body. 

"I-that... ... ." 

The cadets looked at them with bewildered expressions. Updominal Stretch. It was a technique called the Cobra Twist.

Of course, the wrestling technique is correct. However, it was difficult to successfully perform a technique on a standing opponent, so it was a technique that was only practiced as a joke unless the difference in skills was large. 

And this is exactly what the rockfish was aiming for. 

Lian was caught in a technique with his side bent and his arm raised. Even if it looks ridiculous, it's not a posture that can give strength, so once you get caught, you can't move. 

"Aww!" 

A moan escaped Lian's mouth. With his muscles stretched to their limit, even if La Rocker moved even a centimeter, pain ran down his spine. 

The rockfish turned to the place where the cadets were, as if to see Lian's appearance. Although he was humiliated, he was in a situation where he had no choice but to be dragged away. 

"how? Shall I break your back like this? ok?" 

Every time the rockfish moved slightly, a creaking sound could be heard from Lian's spine. Satisfied, he turned to Tess. I could see him trembling as he bit his lip. 

'You said so. You can't ignore me too much.' 

He hadn't even thought of taking care of Lian's situation in order to impress Tess. A woman in love is single-minded, so no matter how wonderful a man approaches, she only sees one. In order for her to change her mind, she has to make a mess and then she has to get it out of her sight. 

"Why don't you surrender slowly? Or should we play a little more?"

Lian didn't answer. His gaze was also watching what the rockfish was looking at. 

'Tess... ... .' 

Tess looked like she was about to burst into tears. she was a righteous person So, the person she resents the most in this place would be Tess, not herself. 

"Break it." 

"what?" 

The rockfish asked with an absurd expression. 

"I should have said it clearly. I don't care if you kill me But I will never surrender." 

"ha ha ha! Hey, what are you always so serious about? It's just an evaluation. That there is no need to decide to live or die. Besides, this doesn't mean that your embarrassment will go away, right?" 

Rockyeo led Lian to tour again. The feelings of the cadets came through. Some fear, some anger, some pity. However, he knew that it was the eyes of the weak looking at the strong. 

"what?" 

At that moment, a strong force came through. Startled as if bitten by a flying insect, the rockfish turned to Lian. 

'Do you still have strength?' 

It wasn't exactly a dragon face. However, the eyes were cold and dead as if time had stopped. 

'Stretch your back. stretch your back Stretch your back.' 

Lian's gaze was directed inward. 

When the command to straighten his back was delivered, his side slowly began to rise as if it were a lie.

"haha. Look at this kid?" 

The rocker laughed as if it were not the same, but he could not completely hide his nervous emotions. He subtly drew his full power, but he couldn't stop Lian from moving. 

'what is this? What the hell is this?' 

The rock fisher clenched his teeth and inflated the muscles all over his body. 

"Huhhhh!" 

And the moment I felt the reaction, my heart sank. It's not delusion or carelessness. Even though Lian's upper body kept coming up, she really couldn't stop it. 

My heart was beating fast and a shudder ran down my spine. Something other than what is called power is lifting Lian. The gigantic movement, as if the whole world was rushing in, aroused fear in him that he had never experienced before. 

Quan's eyes watching it forgot to blink. That was it. The mysteries of divine transcendence that can never be understood. 

'Nonsense. How is this possible? What the hell is going on?' 

Lian wasn't in a position to be strong. Even so, he was completely ignoring the principle of the lever and was working. Therefore, he does not move by force. Some rules of the world are setting him up. 

"Hey, hey! for a moment!" 

Suddenly, an urgent voice burst out of the rock fish's mouth. No matter how hard he tried, he was constantly pushed back. As Lian returned to his posture, his body twisted grotesquely. Finally the cobra twist was reversed and his muscles stretched to their limit.

"Aaaaaagh!" 

The cadets were stunned by the sight of the victim screaming. Lian did not let go of his anger or ridicule the rock fish. He only thought he had to move his body. 

"surrender! lost! Please stop! No waist!" 

Lian didn't stop. Even when Rocker gave a mocking performance, he wasn't upset in the slightest. It's been a long time since I've been able to take a look at the limit of talent. 

But that's why the opponent has to risk everything to defeat him. Also, even if all of that was the beating of a person with no talent, he could never forgive himself for offending Tess. 

'yes. This is enough.' 

Lian finally made up her mind. And he pressed down on the rocker's face, which got stuck in his armpit. There was a muffled, twisting sound. 

"Aaaaaaaaa!" 

The rockfish screamed as if its jaw would fall out. His body was so entangled that he could not fall. As his abdominal muscles were torn, his whole body was drained of strength, and only his jaw was open, limp like a puppet with a broken string. Slowness leaked out. 

Lian grabbed the head of the rock fish caught in his armpit and pushed it away. The rock fish that fell to the floor twisted its body at the second impact. Tears flowed down my face at how painful it was. 

The eyes of the cadets changed in the lengthy silence. In the appearance of the crying rock fish, he couldn't find the flavor of the absolute strong that he felt a moment ago.

'Poor child. It's vacation from today, but it looks like you've been recuperating for three months.' 

The rock fisher put his hands on the ground and raised his upper body. But he collapsed, screaming at the pain he felt again. He barely raised his head and let out an angry sound. 

"Don't think this will change anything! It's just that I'm weak! You are not strong!" 

I could feel the venom of the rock fish in the way he poured out bad words even to the point of putting himself down. 

But Lian didn't hear anything. 

The aftermath of the divine transcendence that forcibly moved his body seemed to tear the muscles of his whole body. 

'damn. It was too much.' 

Lian counted 10 seconds inwardly. As the count progressed, the pain began to subside little by little. It was an incredible recovery ability that he gained thanks to breaking through his limits without missing a single day. 

'I can move now.' 

As his ears opened, he heard the voice of a rock fish. 

"How long do you think it will last? I will become stronger! But you are the limit You will live as a loser for the rest of your life!" 

"That child... ... !" 

Tess clenched his fists. If it hadn't been for the evaluation, I would have rushed right away and blew another shot into the torn abdomen. 

On the other hand, Lian had a calm expression. Returning to his seat, he slung his training suit over his shoulder. Then he turned and walked towards the exit of the training ground without a word. 

"Lee, Lian?"

Tess, as well as the other cadets, looked at Lian with an absurd expression. Quan's cold voice pierced his back. 

"Lian. Take a seat. Leaving without permission is a failure." 

"Then let's fail." 

Lian could not find the difference between last place and failing grade. No matter what performance she shows, the school doesn't give marks to prosecutors who don't know the schema. 

When Lian left the training ground, her mood turned cold. Up until now, not a single cadet had been brave enough to fight Instructor Quan, so there were already those who wished for Lian's rest. 

'Is this the limit after all?' 

Quan wasn't offended, but he wasn't worried about Lian either. He didn't care if the wilds ruined his life, as long as he took responsibility for what he had done. 

But today, I didn't feel light. Divine Transcendence was a real power, and Lian could use it. 

How long can he last? The day will come when the body will not withstand the force of the will and will be destroyed. 

Quan, who wrote a failing grade on Lian's evaluation sheet, put parentheses. And he added the phrase "unauthorized departure." 

After the wrestling evaluation, Tess went to see Lian without even having time to wash herself. Just then, Lian opened the door and came out of the dorm. He would burn to death, but he was neatly dressed as if he even took a shower. 

"Lian! What happened? Do you really want to fail?"

Lian strode past Tess. It looked like he was determined. So she was anxious. It was Lian's personality that once the fire started to spread out of control. 

"Please say something. Leaving during evaluation is serious. Last place is not the problem. You know what happens when you get caught by the instructors?" 

"doesn't care. Captured or not." 

It's not that I don't understand Lian's feeling of not being rewarded for her efforts, but things really didn't go well this time. Protest against superiors was unacceptable under any circumstances. 

"Lian. Think again. You've held up well so far." 

"I'm not doing this because I can't stand it. I'm sick of it." 

The moment Tess saw Lian's distorted face, she realized that she was serious. But what kind of pointy number does this mean? Everything was going too fast. 

The place where Lian arrived was the instructor's office. When I opened the door and entered, Quan was sorting the evaluation papers. He glanced at Lian as he saluted, then turned his gaze to the desk as if he was not interested. 

"what's the matter? When do you go out like that?" 

"I came because I have something to tell you." 

"go back. you are failing A cadet who acts as he pleases is not worth evaluating."

Lian placed an envelope on the desk. After checking the text on the envelope, Quan frowned and raised his head. However, Lian said with a calm expression, as if he had already made up his mind. 

"This is a resignation letter. I will leave the swordsmanship school." 





(End of Volume 14) 

=======================================