
[26] What money can't buy (1)





Black Magician.

A study group formed by six troubled children, led by Jake.

Excluding Jake, it was a group of students who had no dreams or a future, who always failed in promotions.

There was a time when they, too, were once spotlighted as brilliant talents. If you had the courage to try again, you could have won someday.

But they gave up the competition themselves. In a way, they were the only losers in the cold competition.

"I can't do this. Something is wrong."

Jake shook his head. Even if it was Amy, it was impossible for the Black Magician to lose to a freshman who had just entered the school.

"yes. not lost It was just unlucky."

So far, the students Jake had dropped out had high grades that couldn't be compared to Shirone's. In the end, it was just bad luck. When you live in the world, don't you often have days like that?

'It's not over yet. I am class four It's fundamentally different from those who stab people in the back with anti-magic.'

Shirone read Jake's life story and was nervous. I could feel Jake's Spirit Zone, which had turned into a star, through synesthesia. It felt as if hundreds of archers were aiming their bows.

'What do we do? I haven't learned magic yet.'

Anti-magic was able to respond because it was a battle of strength in the spirit zone, but when it came to magic battle, the story was different.

There was no way that Shirone could deal with Jake, who had not learned not only offensive magic, but also air shield, the basics of defensive magic.

Jake fanned it between his palms and squeezed them into compression. Then the air began to rotate in the shape of a disc. It was a wind cutter that cut logs lightly.

"Don't take it by the arm. Next is the bridge."

Just as Jake was about to cast the windcutter, someone grabbed his shoulder from behind and turned him around. It touched my body at the same time as I sensed the approach with synesthesia. It wasn't human speed.

I saw Amy's face with her red eyes raised. The landscape in front of her shook as her fist struck her chin.

"Aww!"

The magician, whose physical attack was poisonous, received an attack containing the power of the schema, so the spirit zone had no ability to withstand it.

Amy climbed onto Jake's belly and punched him. The power of her one shot was like hitting it with a stone.

"What are you going to do with me? Say it again, you son of a bitch! Say it again!"

Jake's face swayed from side to side as if it were going to be pulled out. Thinking that something terrible would happen if left as it is, Shirone ran to Amy.

"Senior, stop! I will die like this!"

"Let go, you son of a bitch! You must have laughed at me!"

"Because I die!"

Jake listened to the conversation in his fading consciousness. He didn't feel any pain, only a dull shock was coming in.

'You die? Am I dying?'

The fear of death awakened Jake's mind. He covered his face with his arms and screamed at the top of his voice.

"Sah, save me! Just save my life! please!"

Amy burst into tears. She was in a situation where she would become an only child. When she thought that she had been humiliated by a scumbag, her blood seemed to run backwards.

"I will never forgive you! You bastard!"

"Senior, please stop!"

Shirone pulled Amy with all her might. Schema's body balance was so great that it felt like pulling a stake out of the ground. It was only when she pulled with all her might that Amy fell behind her and crushed Shirone.

"Enough is enough, sir. Please stop it."

Shirone let out a heavy breath. When he came to his senses, a soft, supple feeling passed over his arm. Realizing that she was pressing on Amy's chest, she hurriedly removed her hand.

"I'm sorry!"

Amy didn't respond. All she could do was tremble intermittently as she exhaled heavily. As her emotions were transmitted through her body, Shirone also felt sorry for her. He gently hugged her by the waist and spoke softly.

"Senior, because of me... ... ."

"ah! It's cool!"

"Aww!"

As Amy jumped up, she hit Shirone's lower stomach with her butt.

Shirone lay back on his back, clutching his stomach. If he had been hit even further below, a terrible situation would have happened.

"what's the matter? Where is it not good?"

I avoided the vital point, but cold sweat broke out on my forehead as the shock poured downward. But he couldn't express it.

"No, nothing."

"Hi-Hi! Of course it should. How light I am."

There is no way that she, who has been inquisitive since childhood, is unaware of Shirone's condition. Her inability to express her emotions was her own sign of intimacy. She was also the standby to turn a blind eye to the erratic touches that Shirona inadvertently succeeded in.

"Anyway, what now?"

Shirone changed the topic and turned her attention to the Black Magician. I didn't know when they were fighting like crazy, but when I looked at them, their condition was serious.

All were passed out with nosebleeds, and Jake crawled on the ground in a half-delusional state.

Amy, who looked at their appearance, decided to cover it up at this point. I want to expel her from school, but if the incident gets bigger, Shirone's identity could be revealed.

"Let's go down. Those children are also stabbed, so I will keep quiet from now on."

"But Seriel-senpai will come this way, right?"

"what? Are you sure you talked to the teacher?"

"Absolutely. Senior is in danger, how can I come alone?"

Amy sighed and rubbed her forehead. She was dishonored She said yes Even if she was hit, she knew that she would reap the price of victory. But when I heard that the report was already over, steam leaked.

Shirone was deeply moved. Her Amy's disappointment was to keep her own secret.

"Senior, thank you."

"yes?"

"You came alone because of me. But never mind. Secrets don't matter anymore. I'm glad you're safe."

"No, I don't... ... ."

Amy scratched her cheek and averted her gaze. In the atmosphere of the Karmis family, which symbolizes freewheeling, she once felt neglected. She missed people's affection and wandered around her back alleys. To her, Shirone's kind words made her feel good, but they were of a nature that she could not fully digest.

"huh! who is because of you It's because these guys are enough alone. In fact, I've always been anxious about it. What's got it right?"

Amy's cheeks were completely red. Shirone was satisfied with that. She seemed to know who she was.

"Hehe, I can't look at you because you're childish. Are people like you geniuses? You're welcome. You guys are just ignorant kids."

Jake stood up, putting his hand on the tree. His face was a mess, but his eyes were full of miasma.

Amy said, putting her hand on her waist.

"You are really nasty. If you can't stand up, you'll just stretch out. It's not a pervert, is it that you like it that suits me?"

"Puhahahaha!"

There was no thought of defeat in Jake's mind. After all, money rules the world. They may have lost the battle, but they still had strong financial power.

"You think it's over? No, this is the start. Be honest. You really can't even kill me? Kill me if you're confident As long as I'm in school, you guys will never graduate. I will destroy you by any means!"

Shirone was creepy. But Amy, who had been following her alley since she was a child, knew her Jake-like human all too well.

"kill you? why am i killing you My life is too rich to waste on a bastard like you. But know this. You can't kill them, but you can beat them."

Jake flinched as Amy approached with a clenched fist. No matter how hard you eat your mind, your body remembers fear.

"... ... Do you think I'll be scared?"

"Who said what? Wake up, you should be right again I'm still not out of my mind."

Jake's face was contorted with fear as he saw Amy's shrugged turn.

Hey hey hey hey!

A sharp creaking sound came from the sky. Shirone looked up but knew the other two without looking.

It was a noise unique to space movement, a high-ranking magic of teleportation.

The moment I thought the starlight was twinkling in the sky, the flash of light quickly bent and came down to the place where Shirone and the others were.

Seriel landed with two teachers.

Amy checked the face of the teacher with the feeling of scratching a lottery ticket. She sighed and she let out a small sigh.

It was Shiina of ice magic and THAAD of fire magic.

'Ugh, if it's the case.'

Along with Etella, they, who were the youngest teachers in the magic school, couldn't take this incident lightly.

"Amy! it's okay? Are you hurt anywhere?"

Seriel came running to Amy with a teary face.

"yes I'm fine. There's no way I'll be easily defeated."

Seriel, like her delicate personality, didn't miss a small change. Amy's bangs, which flowed down as if slightly covering her right eye, were solidly scorched.

I had always thought that Amy's hairstyle was too retro compared to Amy's pretty appearance, but my heart ached when my friend's hair that she had been sticking to for six years was ruined.

"Why is your hair like that? What happened?"

"Oh my! because it's nothing By the way, is it already past 7?"

"What do you mean? Do you know how much we searched for? If it wasn't for the teachers, we couldn't have arrived in time."

The sun was setting and darkness was falling.

As the son-in-law got dark, Sade cast fire magic. A ball of fire shot up and scorched the air like a small sun.

'This is fire sun magic.'

Shirone admired the glowing orb in the sky. Even though the surroundings were bright like broad daylight, I couldn't feel the heat.

It was an impossible phenomenon without converting thermal energy into light energy. According to what I read in the book, Firesun is a high technology unlike its appearance and can be seen mainly on the battlefield.

Saad approached Amy with a tearful face.

"What is this, Amy! Why would a brilliant kid like you do such a foolish thing... ... ."

Sade, who is weak only to women, did not seem to care about Shirone. Especially if she was Amy, she was the first in grades, the first in her family, and the first in appearance, so she couldn't help but cherish her.

Disgusted by Sade's attitude, Shiina turned to Shirone.

"Shirone, can you explain what's going on?"

"Uh, hey, that... ... ."

"I will tell you that."

At Jake's words, the teachers turned their heads. The perpetrator of the incident would explain. He wondered if he had gone insane from being beaten so badly.

However, this was also Jake's calculation.

It's okay if you get punished. The school, which needs the financial power of the Ardius family, will never give up on itself anyway.

On the other hand, what about Shirone? She heard clearly what was said about the secret in the previous conversation. Moreover, Amy's actions that she tried to cover up. After all, she was talking about something creeping.

"I called Amy. She had no choice but to use anti-magic because of her superior skills. But it was a fair fight. Emotions have deepened since before, and it eventually turned into a battle of pride. As you can see, we were seriously injured."

Shiina said with a displeased expression.

"Are you asking me to believe that now? You guys broke the school rules."

"I am not saying it was good. But think about it. If Amy was the victim, why didn't she report? They were also stabbed, so I tried to cover up the incident."

cried Amy.

"What nonsense! What are we hiding? You threatened to kidnap Shirone!"

"haha! So did we kidnap? it's not Moreover, Shirone read the note we sent and didn't tell the teacher. What does this mean?"

"You, you child... ... ."

Amy couldn't resist. The fact that Shirone, who had not been kidnapped, came running without reporting to the teacher was incomprehensible to those who did not know the circumstances behind her. If you tell the truth, Shirone's secret will be revealed.

=======================================
[27] What money can't buy (2)





Jake was conceited. See, this is the battle of adults. In this world, in the end, the poisonous, dirty and despicable guy is supposed to win.

'Quack. Goodbye, Amy. Even if I fall into hell, I will bring you down.'

"Don't be cocky, Jake."

Shiina opened her cold eyes and said.

"I heard from Seriel before coming. You won't be able to go to school anymore."

"Don't make assumptions. You are a student teacher, not an executive, right?"

"what?"

"You know how much the Ardius family is paying? It is more than the subsidy paid by 10 first-class nobles, so can I still expel them?"

Most aristocratic schools run a donation system. It was for maintenance of expensive equipment. If the equipment is outdated, the achievement of the students will decrease. If the grades drop, the prestigious title is taken away, and then the vicious cycle of talented students reluctant to enter the school repeats itself.

If it had history and tradition, it would have endured to some extent, but Alpheas Magic School was founded only 30 years ago and was in desperate need of support from nobles.

The one who knew this better than anyone else was Sade, a graduate of Alpheas Magic School. He said that if Jake's family money was gone, he would be hit hard financially.

"Shiina-sensei, I think it is premature to talk about expulsion already. Wouldn't that be something to decide by opening a disciplinary committee?"

"Nope. Jake is expelled. If you can't expel them, you'll have no face looking at the students who dropped out. If Jake stays at school, I, the teacher, will take responsibility and take his clothes off."

Saad imagined Shiina taking off her clothes, then hurriedly erased them. She was a woman who did not like her cold personality, but acknowledged that her magical qualities were great. Her dropping out of her school was a different matter than Jake's expulsion.

Jake shrugged and laughed.

"ha ha ha! Are you dropping out of school? Let's try it! Let's see if the teacher goes out or I go out."

Frost rose from Shiina's shoulders. Like a frozen wizard, her anger was as cold as ice.

"Where do you think the teacher's salary comes from? How do I buy books from the library? Money to open a training ground? What about expensive magical devices? After all, the world is money! Money! There is nothing in the world that cannot be done with money!"

At that moment, Shiina raised her hand from the bottom up. Jake looked around at his feet in bewilderment. I wondered if I could feel the cold wind, and the cold air rushed across the ground in a circle.

"Kuk!"

Realizing that it was an ice tornado that cooled the wind in the air, Jake crouched down and covered his face.

So, so, so, so, so!

A whirlwind of cold air ascended to heaven and imprisoned Jake. Hundreds of long spines protruded as the air froze.

"Ugh!"

Sharp icicles brushed Jake's face, shoulders, sides, and legs. Jake couldn't move one of his fingers, as if he was trapped in the mold.

'wow! Awesome.'

Shirone was sincerely admired. Even if the magician was omnipotent, it was difficult to control even the freezing phenomenon at the molecular level. The rumor that he was a genius wizard coveted by the royal palace was not an exaggeration.

"Do you admonish the teacher for a student subject? There are many things in the world that money cannot buy."

Jake wrinkled his nose like a wolf. There is nothing in the world that money cannot buy. He grew up watching countless times how, no matter how noble a person, he would turn into a beast if he shoved gold in front of his eyes.

"Is there anything money can't buy? What is that?"

"Talent."

Jake flinched. For him, Shiina stabbed the most painful part in the coldest way.

"Personality. personality. belief. Intelligence. friendship. effort. spirit. Can you tell me more?"

Jake wanted to scream. Why is this woman torturing herself? It seemed she wouldn't mind spending her money as long as it kept her mouth shut.

When Shiina snapped her fingers, the ice tornado exploded into pieces. Ice shards hit Jake's face.

"Ughhhh... ... ."

Terrified, Jake couldn't even open his eyes. I had a delusion that his face might have been smashed.

"You understand now, Jake? Money can't buy anything So you have nothing."

Shiina grabbed Jake by the collar and pulled him.

"Huh!"

"Don't be mistaken. School is not a place to teach you in exchange for money. School is the only place that teaches you what money can't buy. You kicked such a precious space with your own foot. No one will teach you these things when you leave school."

Jake's heart sank. He had never thought about it. He really has a situation where he will not be able to attend school.

Shiina will definitely expel herself. Then she won't be able to challenge anything. She becomes her loser like that, and eventually her own life is also over.

'finished. I... ... .'

The boy's figure gradually began to emerge from the contemplative face. Jake, frowning at her as if she was going to cry at any moment, knelt down at her feet at Shiina's feet and poured out tears sadly.

"I was wrong, sir. I was wrong. Please don't just expel me. Please give me one more chance. I won't do that again. I will study really hard from now on."

Shirone and the others became solemn. It's because I know how terrifying it is to be kicked out of the world as a student.

Shiina bent her knees and stood Jake up.

"When the disciplinary committee opens, I sincerely wish you wrong. It takes a lot of determination to put everything back in place. The teacher will be on your side, so let's do it one by one."

"thank you! thank you!"

Shirone realized anew that there were so many things money couldn't buy. Numerous students here also have to run on their own in order to eventually achieve their goals.

What if you are a commoner and what if you are an aristocrat?

The dream we are looking at is also something that can never be bought with money.



* * *



The members of the Black Magician were confined to the punishment room and received treatment.

The disciplinary committee was scheduled to be held tomorrow, and Shirone and the others set up a separate seat and had a meeting with the teachers.

While Sade was writing the statement, Shirone told in detail how to subdue the Black Magician. As expected, the teachers' eyes widened.

"What? You suppressed Anti-Magic with the Spirit Zone?"

"Yes. I heard from Teacher Ethella. The magician's anti-magic is a battle of mental strength, so it's dangerous to cast it carelessly. So I guess I was trying to hold on in a defensive way without even realizing it."

Everyone except Amy was speechless in shock.

Of course, anti-magic is difficult to achieve full efficiency unless you are a major. However, even considering it, it was a simultaneous attack by five people.

It was an impossible result if Shirone's Spirit Zone was not stronger than all of the Black Magicians put together.

Shiina pressed her face towards Shirone. She lifted her eyelids to examine her pupils, and when she found nothing abnormal, she let out a sigh of relief.

"In the future, never do that. Anti-magic is much more dangerous magic than you think. I got through safely this time, but if I'm not careful, I might not be able to use magic."

Even the strong-hearted Shirone was heartbroken when she heard Shiina tell her about it. At the time, her only thought was to protect Amy.

Amy quietly averted her gaze. She was the one who put Shirone in her own danger, so it was natural for her to feel remorse.

Shiina rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought. Anyway, it was a great talent to subdue Anti-Magic. She knew from the beginning that she had great durability, but she never expected it to be this strong.

On the other hand, THAAD was dissatisfied. My stomach twisted when I heard that Shirone had succeeded in something that even Amy had not been able to do.

Sade said with such a heart.

"Shirone, why didn't you tell me right away? If something like this happened, you should have reported it to the teacher. No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand that I went alone to find a senior with a much higher class than you."

Shirone and Amy thought that what was to come had finally come.

Even Shiina did not stop THAAD this time. She was in a situation where a student dropped out due to Black Magician's misdeeds, so she had to resolve even the slightest suspicion and move on.

Shirone smiled and nodded at Amy, who looked at her inquiringly. Even if her secret was revealed, she did not resent it.

Amy sighed as if she couldn't do it.

"OK. I will tell you the truth."

The person who was more curious about Shirone's secret was Seriel. How long have the two of you known each other? No, more than that, why is Amy covering Shirone?

"Actually, Shirone... ... ."

While everyone in the audience was waiting for the next words, Amy suddenly scratched her head with a bright smile.

"He is my lover."

"What?"

The unexpected answer shook the room as if leaving.

THAAD insisted as if he couldn't believe it.

"Since when? You weren't even interested in things like dating. Besides, Shirone is a freshman who just entered school?"

"I met you when I was young. Then, it was here that the relationship continued. haha! It's a common thing."

Amy deliberately made a joke. That's it. She would be in her senior year anyway, and if her class times were different, she wouldn't have much to run into with Shirone.

For a while, the school would be noisy, but it wasn't a bad thing. Knowing that there is an owner will reduce the annoying male students chasing after you.

It was, in her opinion, excellent improvisation.

On the other hand, Shirone, who was accepting, had his heart pounding. Amy was a big senior and she was the envy of the students. She knew it was a lie to deal with the immediate situation, but it was a huge burden for her nonetheless.

"Right, Shirone?"

Amy looked back with a smile. A forced smile was evident. She seemed to hear her heart telling her that if she didn't answer quickly, she would kill her.

"ah! yes that's right."

"Kyaaaagh! How did this happen? I am completely shocked, no, I am moved!"

Seriel slapped herself on the cheek and spoke quickly.

"Hoho, I knew it was like that from before! Somehow, just looking at this Shirone makes me shudder. Since when have you been dating? Who confessed first?"

When even Amy's friend Seriel trusted her, the teachers couldn't doubt it either. If she was a lover, she wouldn't be able to understand why she pursued the Black Magician with all her blood.

Saad scratched his head and wrote a statement.

"Shirone and Amy, the victims of this case, are in a healthy relationship... ... ."



* * *



Rumors spread quickly.

At Alpheas Magic School, there was no student who didn't know that Shirone and Amy were lovers. It was partly because of the black magician's bad deeds, but it was also the fact that the talkative story of Seriel shook her woman's heart.

Shirone infiltrates the enemy camp alone to protect her lover. Black Magician responded with anti-magic, but she overcame it with the power of her love and rescued Amy.

Rumor has it that Jake, the boss of the villain, was overcome by Shirone's eyes and prayed for the wrongdoing while shedding tears. The gist of the story was that the two kissed deeply in the middle of a mountain bathed in moonlight.

"Seriel! wanna die? What kind of rumors did you spread!"

"Knock-knock! why? That's roughly correct!"





"That's not quite right! When did I kiss Shirone?"

"Oh, my dear. If we were dating, wouldn't we have kissed? Shouldn't that much be included in order to adapt?"

"What kind of playwright are you? Why do you arbitrarily adapt other people's stories?"

"It's fine, what. Because the boys who were so annoying don't even come close."

=======================================
[28] What money can't buy (3)





Amy was also satisfied with that part. Rumors spread that she had not only dated her, but even had her lips stamped, so men were probably shocked.

"What are you going to do today? When are you going to see Shirone? huh? yes?"

"do not know. We decided to focus on studying for the time being."

A feeling of sadness came out of Amy's tone.

'No matter how fake the relationship, rumors spread like this, how can you be so calm?'

Her pride was hurt by Shirone's wooden-stone attitude. He's not a princess, but every time he looks in the mirror, he thinks that this isn't the kind of look he's going to fall for. However, Shirone seemed to be completely uninterested in her studies. Even if it's a fake relationship, it's definitely an official couple. She herself is a woman, so even so, shouldn't a man be a little conscious?

"do not know! I wouldn't mind either. I have a lot to do, so where are you selling your mind?"

"Are you sad too? Actually, Shirone was too good. How can you leave such a pretty girl behind? If it were me, I'd stick around all day. Aww! Maybe that's what moved Amy's impregnable heart?"

"Seriel... ... ."

Seeing Amy's eyes burning red, Seriel shook her hand in a cold sweat.

"haha. okay. now stop!"

Amy let out a snort of anger. In a sense, Shirone was correctly grasping the situation. If you're distracted by a strict place, it won't be worthwhile to kick men out while dating undercover at best.

"oh! Amy, isn't that Jake over there?"

Jake was coming down the hill. A duck-gee duck-gee bandage was attached to his face, and a large backpack slung over his shoulder.

Due to the decision of the disciplinary committee, Black Magician was placed on probation for two years. It was a condition that he had to apologize to the students who dropped out, but it was clear that he was exceptionally lenient.

"Howdy! Long time no see, Amy."

For someone getting kicked out of school, Jake's face was bright.

"You haven't left yet? Anyway, messing around."

"Quack! There are so many places to say goodbye because you did so many bad things."

"Did you at least do something that didn't suit you? Arthur. How easily can a person's personality change?"

"What is it? But there are people who believe in even a guy like me. So now I won't do anything bad."

The story of Shiina struggling in the committee to lower Jake's disciplinary level was famous among students. If it weren't for her, Black Magician would have been expelled from school.

"What are you going to do next anyway? If I take two years off, my class will drop."

"You have to blame the kids who dropped out. I probably won't forgive you, but I'm prepared. Won't you remember what to do after you put everything back?"

Amy didn't think it would be easy. Most of the children Jake suffered were first-class nobles, and they suffered incurable wounds.

The possibility of being beaten to death could not be completely ruled out.

Jake would have known that better than anyone else. But far from being afraid, he was rather relieved.

"I have to stop. By the time I get back, you'll be graduating. I don't know when the opportunity will come, but when the time comes, I will do my best. Be well. good love."

Jake waved and turned around, and Amy responded with a rotten smile. She found it absurd that even Jake, the party involved in the case, thought she was dating Shirone.

Anyway, it was bittersweet as a fellow student to see him being kicked out in a shabby way. She thought for a moment, then remembered something of hers and she called Jake.

"Hey, Jake."

Jake looked back.

"Two years go by so quickly. Do not give up."

"haha! Call me when you're having a hard time. I will lend you any amount of money."

A resourceful man who boasts of money until the very end. But on the other hand, I thought he was like Jake. He honestly might have gotten his fists out if he had even bothered.

"Two years... ... . Yes, nothing really."

Amy thought as she watched Jake walk away. She can't go to school for at least 2 years. But what does she mean there? If she didn't have any skills anyway, it was a magical world where she would rot in place for the rest of her life.

"Seriel, I've made up my mind."

"yes? Are you going to see Shirone?"

"I'm applying for a promotion to my senior year class."

"what? already? Are you too fast?"

Upon entering Class Four, students are automatically eligible to apply for the senior class. However, a battle of nerves was fierce from the beginning of the semester because if you failed the promotion exam, you could not apply again that year.

Even if you pass the promotion test, graduation is far away. This is because only the most outstanding talents can enter the magic school where geniuses gather in the graduating class.

Graduates of magic school look back on their senior year as a battlefield that was more fierce than society. It was a place where friendships from school days were put aside for a while and only 30 prospective wizards competed for survival.

Some criticize this infinite competition system, but considering the specificity of the job, it is unavoidable.

Alpheas Magic School is a government-designated institution, so when you graduate, you get an unofficial license, so you are recognized as an official wizard. In a word, it meant 'immediate sense of power' that was immediately put into the social front.

In the worst case, teachers had a common opinion that the senior class should have strict standards as they would have to cross life and death on the battlefield.

"Why don't you wait a bit? The quota is still empty, isn't it too late to apply after analyzing the level of seniors and trends?"

"No, I don't want to hesitate. Right now, I just want to run looking forward."

Knowing Amy's stubbornness, Seriel couldn't stop it. On the one hand, she was excited to see how far her genius would go in her senior year.

"Yes, I will support you. You can do it."

"thanks. I'll go upstairs and take a look at the atmosphere."

"Hehe, actually, I'm a little nervous, so I'm thinking of gathering information first. Anyway, let's do our best."

"yes. I will help you too."

Amy looked up at the blue sky with a relieved heart.

Dreams are as far away as the sun. However, it illuminates itself with a light as brilliant as the sun, guiding the way to all who look up.

'I will definitely become the best wizard.'



thorn in the eye (1)





The advanced class integrated class time is back.

Even while the seniors and juniors were exchanging exchanges, no one approached Shirone.

Sometimes too much popping was a problem.

Surprised the teachers in the entrance exam, and succeeded in four ways in the first class. She crushed the Black Magician and became the official lover of Amy, the object of her envy.

In a short period of time, Shirone left a significant mark. Even so, he belonged to Class 7, the bottom of the advanced class, so his classmates couldn't help but feel complicated.

"what? There you are, Amy. your boyfriend. Shirone!"

Seriel waved her hand from afar. Shirone broke through the crowd and approached. Amy stood with her arms crossed, pouting.

"Hello, senior."

"Ho-ho-ho! he's Are you still a senior? We're not strangers, and we're the same age anyway, so let's talk comfortably, let's talk."

Even while Seriel's pimp temperament was activated, Amy's reaction was pouty. From some point on, she had the feeling that Shirone was avoiding herself beyond being indifferent.

I'm not proud of it, but if it's Karmis Amy, there's no boy I'd refuse at school. On the one hand, if Shirone comes to you sincerely, he has been thinking countless times about how to deal with it.

But what about Shirone? She drew a line as if she was no better than her friend, and didn't even pay attention to anything other than businesslike conversation.

"haha! I can't do that though. You are definitely a senior."

Shirone's nonchalant reply made Amy almost use her fist. But she persevered. She was here admitting that she was unattractive when she got angry.

"Just call us comfortably when we are together. It's ridiculous to call you a senior even though you're dating."

Amy's trembling voice made Seriel realize the power of love. To think that she, who is her corpse except for her pride, resents her by trying to buy her Shirone's favor. Originally, it was impossible.

"No, it's fine. Then I will go to class."

When Shirone returned to her seat, Amy was so upset and embarrassed that she was on the verge of tears.

"it's okay! do it yourself! If you don't like it that much, don't do it!"

Seriel chased Amy away. She said that even for her own sake, Shirone's attitude had been strange lately.

"Amy, did you fight with Shirone by any chance?"

"do not know! I don't care anymore! I know you are very proud of yourself!"

Shirone suppressed her apologetic feelings and returned to Class Seven. Amy is a good person. However, she had too many obstacles to get along with the first class of Class Four.

As Shirone sat down, her classmates whispered.

"It's fine, it's fine. Do you want to brag like that?"

"Are you dating in class? Did you believe in the face that your skills are insignificant and entered the school?"

Their jealousy was much worse than Shirone expected.

The average age of Class 7 is 15 years old. He was on the younger side compared to Shirone. In particular, in this age group, immature things often happen as there is a big difference in the age gap.

The children didn't like that a freshman who just entered school was chosen by Amy, who was the first in the whole school in the advanced class. With the crowd psychology working, now even the female students were gossiping about Shirone.

"My eyes are swollen. Aren't you totally crazy? I don't study and only date, so I still can't use a single magic."

Shirone decided to stay away from Amy. It was because she could deal a fatal blow to her image.

I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel bad about the numerous accusations. It's gotten worse lately, and I'm starting to get annoyed.

However, whenever that happened, he remembered Temuran's advice and endured it. All I could do now was to go up to the top class as quickly as possible.

"From today, we will reduce theory classes and focus on practice. Practice your four-way mastery for an hour, then spend the remaining time practicing pattern changes."

Under Etella's instructions, the students gathered and practiced the four ways. But Shirone couldn't mix with them.

In the early days, I had the experience of inadvertently opening the Spirit Zone and being disappointed. The children hated Shirone's Spirit Zone, which was transmitted through synesthesia, as if it were filth, and avoided the place.

Shirone moved to a more secluded place. He had the largest spirit zone in Class 7, so this was the only way he could practice comfortably.

After practicing the defensive type for an hour, Shirone practiced the remaining three patterns. He was not as good as the defensive type, but the offensive type was quite good, and the target type was difficult.

The biggest problem was the breakaway type. He couldn't even imitate the level of difficulty.

'It's really tricky. How the hell do I have to break away?'

I tried to deviate the spirit zone to the right, but the shape was all distorted. It was not an exaggeration to say that even the top classes can be counted among the students who use the breakaway type.

'center. The key is to shift the focus.'

Shirone corrected the error and tried again. While the shape of the spirit zone was fixed, the center was slowly moved.

I was wheezing and feeling dizzy. Is this how you feel when your soul goes out? Consciousness was dimmed and the senses were distant. Then, right before we broke away, the spirit zone burst like air bubbles.

"Whoa!"

I just thought it was too difficult. Losing one's mind is not a natural phenomenon. Therefore, a very technical approach had to be taken.

'Should I rather move the center first? No, the first method is correct. If the shape isn't perfect, the center won't move.'

When Shirone struggled, Etella approached him personally.

"Shirone, how are you?"

"It is difficult to break away. It is not easy to shift the center of gravity."

"Perhaps. It's a contradiction to you, a convergent type. The four ways is a natural phenomenon, but the departure type is an unnatural phenomenon. By the way, how about the other four ways?"

Etel also did not expect Syrone to break away. Because what she expects is Shirone's natural insight, not her artificial computational powers.

"Well. rest of it... ... I don't think there's any particular problem."

Shirone answered honestly. He was becoming more proficient at changing patterns in all directions to the extent that he thought he was satisfied.

=======================================
[29] A thorn in the eye (2)





Ethella twitched her lips and was lost in thought.

"Then, would you like to demonstrate it in the image zone?"

"Yes? Now?"

"Why? Are you not feeling well?"

"No, not like that."

Ethella blinked her eyes in puzzlement. A motivated student who said she wanted to use the Image Zone from the first day of class, has been passive in class lately.

'What's going on? I have a bad expression. The kids seem to be holding back, is that why? He's more sensitive than I thought.'

Ethella rubbed her shoulders and said.

"If you don't feel well, it doesn't matter if you do it next time. You're the only one in Class 7 who can transform in four ways, so I tried to take a look."

"No, I will try. Please rate."

Shirone changed his mind. Even if her classmates criticized her, she wouldn't pass up the opportunity to receive teacher Etella's guidance for that reason.

As soon as Shirone entered the image zone, abusive words flew in.

"what? Do you think he'll do it again? You're just impatient to stand out."

"You want to look good for your lover. Well, isn't that the only thing that kid is good at? Magic is something I can't even say."

On the other hand, the seniors stopped practicing and looked away. It's been a month since I succeeded in the four-way defense type, so I was curious about how much I had grown.

"Sir, let me begin."

"yes. Let's try one at a time."

Shirone demonstrated the defense type, which is a long-term skill. A huge cube was made into a strong figure.

The superiors burst into exclamations.

"If you look only at the defensive type, it's a top class. It's almost like a glove, that one."

On the other hand, the students of Class 7 glared at Shirone as if they were dealing with a common enemy. Even so, I couldn't complain because it was really great.

Shirone developed the four-way attack type. Instead of John's size shrinking, countless thorns protruded violently.

Next was the target type. The length of the cross was considerable, but the rotational power was weak for practical use. Nevertheless, there was no shortage in writing the expression Ilchwiwoljang.

Ethella smiled with satisfaction. It was safe to be promoted to Class Six sooner or later.

Shirone did not stop there and attempted a breakaway. It was also important for him to fail to get advice from Ethella.

Trouble arose out of nowhere. The shape of the spirit zone would change, and even if the center of gravity was moved, the zone would often burst right before it left.

Ethella's eyes brightened in surprise. She had opposite tendencies, so she didn't even expect it, but she was going roughly the same.

On the other hand, the children of Class 7, who had no intention of attempting to break away, each let out a sigh of relief.

"Hey, what are you doing with that? what kind of method is that? It's a kid's joke."

"He said he was a genius, but it's nothing. You should be good at at least one thing. What kind of wizard would you become with that?"

Shirone was offended. There is not a single person in Class 7 who can break away. He couldn't understand the way he thought of pushing others to a standard he couldn't cross.

As I lost my composure, the Spirit Zone shook. The more he did, the more his classmates became more energetic and did not stop gossip to bring Shirone down.

Amy, who was watching the demonstration, frowned. She was satisfied with the way she changed, but suddenly John was shaking.

"Why are you here? what are you doing?"

"The departure type is originally difficult. I guess you care too much about the kids' reactions."

"no way. I'm not a kid to be shaken that much. Do you really know what's going on these days?"

"Oh, wrapping up. Well, since you're the West, how are you?"

Amy shut Seriel's mouth with her crimson eyes and fell into thought. She was definitely weird. Where did her durability go after defeating her anti-magic, and her spirit zone staggered like a drunk?

'Is there really something I don't know about?'

Shirone did her best to suppress her emotions. However, anger was not easy to control because once it happened, it grew as it ate itself.

'Why do you hate me? What did I do wrong? I just want to learn hard and do better. What's wrong with wanting to be a wizard?'

The spirit zone began to shake as if it would burst at any moment.

"Hey, I have too many random thoughts."

Shirone suddenly woke up from his thoughts. Someone from Class Five said.

"If there is something you want to do, just do it. You came here to learn magic."

Shirone finally took a cool look at her condition. When he came to his senses, he felt keenly what a foolish idea he had.

'What was I doing?'

After erasing her thoughts, Shirone attempted to break away. It's good to fail, even better if you succeed. The important thing was to go one step further through it.

John, 40 meters in diameter, slowly began to drift off-center. As the center is further away, the diameter decreases exponentially.

Is departure first or extinction first?

Everyone in the advanced class stared at the scene.

By the time John's size had shrunk to 2 meters in diameter, the surface of the Spirit Zone had completely peeled away from Shirone's body.

The shock the students of Class 7 received was indescribable. Even the seniors in the advanced class succeeded in difficult skills, so it was natural for them to feel dizzy.

The Spirit Zone quickly began to circle around Shirone. New information came in every moment. My head felt like it would explode from the huge amount of information. When she opened her eyes, the spirit zone popped and disappeared.

"haha."

Even though I didn't do anything, I was out of breath.

"I did it. A really breakaway type... ... I made it."

The senior class started to stir up.

It was an achievement that was incomparable to the success of the defensive type. Not a single person in Class 7 or Class 6 succeeded in breaking away.

Seriel shook Amy's arm and made a fuss.

"Amy, Shirone did it! I really did."

Amy was smiling too. Whatever her feelings, she was a talent to be admired as a colleague running toward the same dream as hers.

'The growth rate is amazing. No, really too fast. If it's enough to make the breakaway type a success in a month... ... .'

A talent equal to mine. Or more.

Amy was a little resentful. Perhaps Shirone trained her spirit every single day. On the other hand, how is she herself? He wandered around her back alleys, doing her naughty things.

'Why me... ... Did I waste my precious time in vain?'

Shirone, who succeeded in breaking away, looked around Class 5 in search of the protagonist of the advice. However, since there was no opportunity to talk to his seniors, it was impossible to tell who it was just from his voice.

'I wanted to say thank you... ... .'

Etella was lost in thought as she looked at Shirone, who was applauded. He is all stimulated by Shirone's growth. I thought of a way to inspire the class atmosphere a little more.

"Hmm, you came earlier than expected."



* * *



Lately, Shirone has had a secret concern. It was that there was no magic that he knew how to use right away.

The knowledge required for magic wasn't easy enough for the children of the lower classes to have. That's why, at school, full-scale magic practice was conducted from Class 5.

But the reality was different. Aristocrats were educated from birth, so even the lower class students knew how to use more than one magic. On the other hand, the period Shirone studied was only 1 year and 6 months at the Ogent family.

Shirone's dilemma was here. If you concentrate on one study, you may be able to use simple magic. However, he could never surpass the students who had been educated from an early age in the same way as others.

The strategy that came out of that was the strategy of studying the whole of other studies derived from one study.

As a result, the number of books to be borrowed increased, so these days, I almost lived in the library.

The students laughed at such a Shirone. I thought it was stupid to study with Jung-gu heating when I couldn't even keep up with the immediate class.

However, Shirone did not change his mind. Since there is a backbone of knowledge, any discipline can be arranged in chronological order. This means that the probability of forgetting the content is significantly reduced.

'The immediate results may be insignificant. But at least 2 years. If it is possible to study for two years in this state, all the core knowledge in each field will be connected.'

This is the backbone of knowledge. A whole encyclopedia where you can read any information came into your head.

Syrone had a hard time falling in love with books again. It was well past midnight when he came to his senses. The only person left in the reading room was a girl from Class Six.

When Shirone bowed her head while packing her bag, she too bowed her head with a shy smile.

It was 2 in the morning when I left the library.

Even if I went in now, the time I could sleep was about 4 hours. However, when I thought that I was studying later than the children of noble families, even sleeping was a waste.

At such times, Shirone recalled a book called 'The Conversation of Great Scholars' that he had read the other day.

Among them, the interview with a biologist named Torkkolin left a deep impression on me. He insisted that people should get at least six hours of sleep, and joked at the end of the interview.

"Of course, I only slept four hours when I was in school."

the author of the book asked.

"Then aren't the results of your research wrong? You became an outstanding scholar on just four hours of sleep."

Torquecolin's answer was:

"haha! Teenagers are not human. He's a superman. It won't matter if you sleep or not."

These were words of great courage to Shirone, who was pressed for time.

'yes! let's work hard. If you do your best, the results will follow.'

The lights were on in the graduating class building. The windows flashed as if they were conducting magic experiments until late at night. What new magic is being created inside?

Shirone's eyes were already on the graduating class.



* * *



At the end of lunchtime, Etella came to visit Shiina. She is 26 years old and has worked together for four years, but they are still two people of the same age.

"Sensei Shiina, could you spare some time?"

"Yes. But I don't think I can talk at length because class 7 has been scheduled."

It was common for discussions about magic to last well over an hour, so Shiina asked for forgiveness in advance.

"Oh, I see. I have something to discuss about Shirone."

Shiina also showed interest at the word Shirone. She was told that while the theory classes she taught were lacking, she excelled during Ethella's practical classes.

"How are you these days? When I looked at the practice score, it was quite high."

"It certainly is. Last time, I even succeeded in breaking away from the four ways."

"Oh, that's right."

Shiina gave a satisfied smile. She enjoyed being praised by other teachers as her primary teacher in Shirone.

"So I'd like to make a suggestion to Shiina-sensei."

"Yes? Any suggestions?"

It was quite rare for Etella to make suggestions to other teachers in charge of student matters. As such, Shiina blinked at the thought that it would be an unconventional story.



* * *



Chemistry theories were written on the blackboard in Class Seven's classroom. Students taking notes moved their eyes and hands busily. I thought the class was fast today. As expected, Shiina finished class about 10 minutes early and came down from the podium.

"Today we will end here. Instead, I have something to announce."

The students showed great generosity. As long as the class was finished early, I could have listened to the sound of forgetting the rice seeds.

"The early promotion has been decided. Ariane Shirone, get up."

Shirone was taken aback by the unexpected early promotion. On the other hand, his classmates made displeased faces. Early promotion is not extremely rare. However, the problem was that the target was Shirone.

"Shirone will be promoted to Class Five. From tomorrow, come to class according to your timetable. I hope you will be more diligent and get the opportunity. That is all."

=======================================
[30] Eye thorn (3)





The classroom was buzzing. Class Five. It wasn't just an early promotion, but he jumped up two steps at once. This was an unprecedented decision not only for the students, but also for the school.

"Teacher! I have an objection. How could Shirone go up two classes? Shirone can't use any magic."

It was the first time Shiina had heard of it. Etela had never said such a thing. Maybe she doesn't even know her. Because there is no need to use magic in the lower class classes.

"Really, Shirone?"

The classmates turned to Shirone. Their eyes seemed to be saying this.

please tell me you can't tell me you can't

"Yes. There is no magic I can use yet."

"Hmm."

Even so, there is no problem with early promotion. Magic is taught in earnest from the upper classes, and the curriculum for the lower classes focuses on strengthening the spirit zone.

Shirone has learned all the basics of the four ways, and the size and durability of the Spirit Zone are not inferior to those of the upper class. Therefore, for an accurate class, Five is appropriate.

However, it was unusual that he still couldn't use magic. If you are a student, you will try magic secretly without anyone teaching you. It's because they want to learn magic like crazy, so they came to magic school.

"Teacher is also suspicious. However, there are no rating items for magic until Class Six. Shirone's early promotion will be done as normal."

"I will never tolerate it!"

Mark, the tacit leader of Class 7, jumped to his feet. He was a student with a square chin that matched his huge size.

"Why are you favoring students? Please provide persuasive evidence. You said that omniscience is just as important as omnipotence! Applying special conditions only to Shirone is beyond common sense!"

"that's right! Honestly, even if I were to compete with Shirone sexually, I'm confident I'd win! Shirone can't even keep up with theory classes!"

"If Shirone is promoted early, I will make a proposal to the student council and hold a hearing!"

The student resistance was much stronger than expected. Even though they are young, they are all children from class 1 through competition. He expected to be stimulated by Shirone again, but he was just burning with hostility as if he were dealing with an enemy.

'There's something I don't know.'

Seeing the children's expressions of willingness to go to war, Shiina realized that the situation was serious. If the resistance was this strong, she could have adversely affected the class atmosphere.

"It has not yet been formally decided. The exact notice will be announced after the teacher meeting. I'll finish today's class."



Returning to the teachers' office, Shiina put her chin on her head and thought.

Due to the nature of special purpose schools, competition is inevitable. Also, the students knew this fact and voluntarily entered the school.

'What is it? What about the strange eyes of the children?'

It wasn't just jealousy. Early promotion has been around for a long time, but it was the first time that the backlash was so severe.

"Hey, Shiina-sensei."

A female student named Maria came to visit Shiina.

She is the 19-year-old girl who is the oldest in Class 7.

It's not that he doesn't have any talent at all, but he's timid and timid, so the school side is watching him sadly.

"yes? What is it, Maria?"

"The fact is... ... I have something to tell you."

After hesitating for a long time, Maria confessed everything. What kind of treatment Shirone is currently being in class and why her children were so upset just a moment ago.

As the story progressed, Shiina's forehead wrinkled. She was harassing Shirone with too vicious tactics to see it as a mere battle of emotions.

When they ran into Shirone, they pretended to vomit as if they had made an appointment, and there were many cases where they intentionally gathered around her and talked among themselves.

Maria ended the story in tears.

"Right now I'm the eldest so I'm not interested in it, but in fact I was like that too. Back then, I didn't pay attention to studying or anything. I think Shirone is great. How can you stay calm in such a situation?"

Shiina grasped the full extent of the situation. One student is being bullied as a group. If there was no fair competition, there was no reason for schools to exist.

"Okay, thank you for telling me. From now on, the teacher will take care of it."



Shirone arrived at the inn around midnight. Her children's bullying had intensified since the talk of early promotion, so she might as well come in early and read.

smart.

someone knocked on the door When I checked the time, it was already past 1:00 AM.

'Who is this at this hour?'

It was a time when students were not allowed to go out and staff were off work. Could it be that the children came all the way here to harass them?

I couldn't approach it because of my anxiety, but I heard a familiar voice from beyond the door.

"Shirone, are you sleeping?"

"Sensei Shiina?"

Shirone hurriedly opened the door. It was really Shiina.

"May I come in?"

"Ah yes. Come on in."

Was Shiina-sensei on duty today? Water was still in her hair, probably because she had washed herself in the dormitory.

The advanced class dormitory was not a place for female teachers to drop in late at night, as students in their early twenties also lived there. However, Shiina took this time to secretly interview her classmates.

Unlike other male students' rooms, the arrangement was like a knife. Guessing Shirone's personality, she checked each open book on her desk. There were textbooks, but there were a bunch of books in fields that I didn't need to learn yet.

'As expected. Indeed, it is unusual to think.'

It seems like a random book has been opened, but to a person who knows the whole, they are very closely related fields.

I vaguely guessed why Shirone hadn't been able to use magic until now. It's not that he can't, it's that he doesn't.

'I've been weak on batteries since I entered school. He is desperately looking for ways to compensate for his shortcomings. This kid doesn't want to learn magic. He wants to be a wizard.'

Shiina supported Shirone's method. Although the process of connecting knowledge and knowledge is difficult, the fruit is great. Because the knowledge that is connected is not forgotten.

"Here, sir. Would you like a cup of tea?"

"no it's okay. I came because I wanted to ask you something."

As Shiina sat down on the bed, Shirone pulled out a desk chair. It was the first time she had seen her face so close. She looked much younger than she did in school, probably because she was wearing plain clothes and her hair was undone. Feeling ashamed for some reason, she gently lowered her head.

Shiina looked at her calmly.

'I'm very shy. Is this his original personality?'

In class, Shirone was concentrating as if he was going to punch a hole in the teacher's face, so this kind of appearance was unfamiliar to him.

"Isn't school life difficult?"

"Yeah, it's fun. Studying is fun too."

"Why didn't you tell me? I hear the kids are bullying you."

Shirone had already guessed. In fact, it was strange not knowing. Recently, children have been openly bullying themselves.

"it's okay. You don't have to worry."

After hearing all about the children's behavior from Maria, Shiina did not believe Shirone's words.

"You can tell me this honestly. It's nothing to be ashamed of."

"It's really okay. It's a pity that I can't make friends, but if you hate me, it can't be helped."

"It is bad to bully students."

"Emotions cannot be forced. Of course, it was difficult at first, but it's okay now. I can't help it if the kids in Class 7 hate me. That doesn't mean I'm hated by everyone in the world."

Shiina could understand. For some, the group they belong to is everything in the world, but for those who look up, that group is just a stopover.

"I want to meet more people. I think there must be someone who can listen to my story a little more seriously."

Shirone was clear about his attitude toward early promotion. Even if she thought she was more than Class Five, she would have friends who would accept Shirone without feeling inferior to her.

"Shirone, I have heard your determination. Please refer to the teachers' meeting."

teleport(1)





"With that being said, I will finish presenting my findings regarding Shirone's early promotion."

In the presence of Principal Alfeas and the advanced class teachers, Shiina submitted the documents related to Class 7's bullying case and sat down.

Teachers who encountered the content frowned. Circumstances in which Shirone persistently ostracized her because of her inability to use magic were being revealed.

"Does this make sense? Bullying a kid in class just for this reason?"

"It is quite possible in the lower class. There are many young children, and there are students who stay because they have thick hair but no talent. First of all, it is a class with poor discrimination."

"Then it would be better to promote Shirone quickly. With that kid, she should be able to graduate in at least four years. Now that nearby schools are challenging Alpheas Magic School, the more early graduates, the better."

The age of the graduates was also one of the data proving the excellence of the school. If you can't go out and play an active part in society, you will lose credibility, but rumors have circulated that other schools are currently producing early graduates competitively.

It was a classic method used to raise the school to a prestigious rank. Once a prestigious title was obtained, outstanding talents flocked to it, and then the quality of classes was improved.

In a situation where other schools were severely checked, the method that Alpheas Magic School could come up with was to produce students with excellent quality and basic early promotion. In that sense, teachers had high expectations from Shirone.

"I am a little negative."

Sade raised his hand and voted against. Then Shiina's expression crumpled. In a situation where her early promotion was a fait accompli, she was dying of disgust. However, Alfeas showed interest in his first comment.

"Be negative. Why?"

"I know Shirone has talent. But the point of this case is that Shirone can't use magic. The children's backlash also came from there. Shouldn't we be clear about that?"

Shiina said.

"I should have already told you. Shirone is not in a situation to focus on one study while learning the overall part of knowledge. Also, personally, I am convinced that this is the best way for Shirone to grow."

"I am not questioning the method. The problem is that Shiina-sensei favors Shirone too much."

"I beg your pardon?"

"Anyway, the children of Class 7 have also entered school and are studying hard. This means that whether or not Shirone has had the time to acquire knowledge, that too should be part of the evaluation. If not, isn't there any reason not to allow other students to be promoted early as well? Even if Spirit Zone is weaker than Shirone, it is theoretically superior."

"Don't spread sophistry! I'm not making an emotional judgment about this. It is a conclusion drawn according to the school rules. The main criterion for the lower class is obviously the Spirit Zone."

"The problem is the student resistance. This may make you less motivated. Isn't there a teacher who wants to pour everything into a single genius?"

"It's not a teacher's job to neglect a talented student because of students' misplaced jealousy!"

The two hit the table at the same time and got up. It was a rare sight that always comes up when there is a meeting.

=======================================
[31] Teleport(2)





Older teachers frowned at the unstoppable debate. Even so, the reason for keeping silent is that their rank is higher.

In addition to Shiina and Sade, who are active as certified 6th-class wizards in their mid-20s, Etela was the pride of Alpheas Magic School.

The quarrel showed no signs of abating. Etela intervened, but it was a situation where no one gave way, as if literally fire and cold collided.

Alpheas just smiled. If you don't have a passion for education, you won't fight like that. It's just that the object of passion is different.

Sade wants the development of the alma mater, and Shiina wants the growth of the students. If you were a teacher, you should have taken Shiina's side, but it wasn't that you didn't understand Sade's feelings, who were from this place.

"I listened to the opinions of the two of you. Now that you know what I mean, let's stop and take a seat."

As soon as Alpheas spoke, Shiina and Sade stopped arguing like a lie. The only thing the two have in common is their respect for Alfeas.

"From what I hear, both opinions have a point. Shiina-sensei's words are logical. But we are always teachers. Shouldn't prejudice take root in the minds of children?"

"That's what I mean, Headmaster."

Saad laughed and Shiina was expressionless. However, Alpheas had no intention of ending it like this. While pondering something, he expressed his opinion with a convex smile.

"So that's what... ... How about something like this?"



An official notice was posted on the bulletin board of the advanced class building.

Dozens of students gathered in front of the bulletin board were shocked to see the contents of the official notice.

An unprecedented incident in the history of Alpheas Magic School. It was about conducting promotion evaluations for all members of Class 7.

The main goal of the official letter was as follows.

Provides an opportunity for early promotion to all of Class 7. Only one person is eligible for promotion, and if they pass the test, they will be promoted to Class Five. Acknowledging the students' worries, the evaluation is unusually scored by magic rather than spirit zone.

The evaluation item is instant movement.

"Can, teleportation? I don't know how to do it, do you know how to do it?"

"no. Of course not. It's an officially designated class 5 magic."

"I did it once. But I was too scared to try again."

"You fool! It's easy if you follow the original formula. It is a problem because it is difficult to apply."

The children's voices suddenly died down. Shirone was walking. Arriving at the bulletin board while being saturated with numerous gazes, he read the official document. The conclusion reached at the teachers' meeting was a real fight between the students.

'Teleportation.'

Shirone clearly imprinted it in his mind.



* * *



This so-called class 7 bullying incident was also interesting to the upper class students. In particular, there was a lot of talk about the fact that the subject was Shirone.

"Oh my God! You mean something like that happened? Amy, did you know?"

Amy, who checked the bulletin board only at the end of her day, read the official document in a state of dismay. Her fists trembled as Seriel told the specific situation based on the rumors she had heard here and there.

'Have you been bullied? Is that because of me?'

His classmates said he wouldn't even make eye contact with Shirone. What's more, she said, there are some kids in the integration class who say hello to Amy when she speaks out loud.

"What do you think? After all, there are children in Class 7. Actually, I've been through something similar. I got promoted right away, so nothing special happened."

"Youngness is no excuse. Aren't we young when you think about it that way?"

"Anyway, we're in Class Four. Magic involves a lot of the mental part, so age doesn't matter."

Amy didn't want to question this or that. She was in fact a mess in her head and she couldn't think of anything. I was just angry that Shirone had been hurt.

"dummy! Why didn't you tell me?"

Could we have found a better solution if we had been honest and discussed it? No, definitely will. No matter how popular it is, it's the 1st place in Class Four. When he thought that he was dating a person like that, he was angry as if he had been through it.

"I need to go to Shirone."

"I'm going, but what are you going to do?"

"I have to hit you once. After that, I'm going to assemble all the class 7 kids. Since we're lovers, we can do that much."

"What? Are you crazy? no way!"

"What's wrong? So you mean stay like this? Did that happen because of me?"

"Ugh, you really don't know men. Do you know why Shirone didn't talk? It's because you're proud of yourself. But what if I set fire to it?"

Amy couldn't understand. The only reason she didn't even make eye contact with her was because she was afraid of the children in Class 7.

Rather, it was Amy who was hurt by this incident.

"Men like to be recognized. It is a man who lives by his ego and dies by his ego. But since you were bullied, would you want to tell the girl you like?"

There was some truth to Seriel's words, but only if they were truly in love. How should I interpret the fact that he didn't tell me even though it was just fake love?

'You must think that you stepped on shit because of me. That's why I'm avoiding it.'

Seriel thought positively about the school's response.

"Aren't you glad? If you pass the promotion exam, you can enter Class Five. The teleportation test is really well-chosen. Even the class 7 kids have to learn from the beginning."

Amy thought differently. There was a difference between not learning a particular magic and not learning her magic itself.

What's more, it's a momentary move.

When learning to teleport, the most important thing is to overcome your fear. It was a speed different from that of flying magic, and it could have cost you your life if you bumped into an obstacle.

"Come to think of it, this is an inexhaustibly dangerous test, right? What are the teachers thinking?"

"I will adjust the level of difficulty appropriately. You can test your students' enthusiasm. It looks like more than half of Class Seven are going to take the exam."

"What? You never learned that much?"

"The reward for passing is class five. Besides, you learn everything from scratch. I think I would have tried it too."

Amy couldn't erase her embarrassment. It was clear that the students who took the test would practice intensively with the help of seniors or with a dedicated teacher.

On the other hand, Shirone was not in that situation. A full-time teacher was unimaginable, and there would be no friends to turn to for advice.

'Isn't it really falling like this?'

Although Shirone's talent is acknowledged, it was a test that could never be guaranteed to pass if it was only a short-term process.

"hit! Amy How about you help Shirone? Let's take this opportunity to reconcile."

"huh! I've been in such a situation and I haven't discussed it, but can you get help? I'll just keep pretending I don't know."

"Oh wow, you guys are really dizzy too. We just need to like each other, what does that matter?"

"Never mind. Because that's our way of dating. Anyway, I'm not in an idle position either. The senior class promotion test is right around the corner."

"Oh right! Yes it was. Sorry."

For a student, nothing is more important than a promotion. No matter how much Amy was, she couldn't afford to pay attention to other things in order to overcome the high barrier of her senior year.

"You know what. If that's not enough, it's better not to have the title of my lover."

Turning away from the bulletin board, Amy continued talking to herself.

'Even if it's a fake lover.'



* * *



time close to midnight.

A masked figure has infiltrated the men's dormitory garden. There was not even the sound of grass rustling as he took steps that resembled a cat's. I scratched my head in annoyance when I confirmed that the lights were on on the 7th floor of the building.

'It's never because I cared about this. It's my responsibility, so I'm helping!'

Amy gritted her teeth. Even when she tried to just move on, she was bothered by Shirone and she couldn't focus on her studies.

"Wait and see. I'll make you pray very hard."

Amy climbed the wall to the seventh floor. She wouldn't be able to lift her head up if rumors spread that she had crossed the threshold of the boys' dorm in the middle of the night, but her childhood playfulness wasn't going anywhere.

'Whoops, it'll surprise me enough to make my heart drop.'

As soon as Amy opened the window, she rolled forward. Calculation was made at the same time as landing. He subdues Shirone and throws him on the bed. She then intended to break her arms so that she screamed.

"uh?"

But Amy couldn't move even a step. She was looking at herself with Shirone's surprised eyes. And next to her was Shiina-sensei sitting in her chair.

"Sir, sir?"

"Are you Amini?"

Shiina adjusted her glasses and looked again. Just by looking at her red hair and dark eyes with double eyelids, it was clear that it was Amy.

I knew that I was dating Shirone, but lately I thought they were only studying for their own goals. However, now that I saw it, what I was doing was very dubious.

"Have you ever met like this? Pretending not to know during the day and having a tryst at night?"

"Oh, misunderstanding, sir! That is a huge misunderstanding!"

Shiina hurriedly put her hand to her mouth.

"Shh! I'll hear you in the next room."

Amy covered her mouth and looked at the room next door. She was in a men's dormitory, not anywhere else. If rumors spread that a woman's voice could be heard in Shirone's room, the first suspect would always be himself. Of course, even so, there is nothing to say.

"No, wait! Even so, what are you doing here, teacher? Even at this hour?"

Come to think of it, the person who didn't fit the situation the most was Shiina. This is because there is no reason for a teacher to come in plain clothes in the middle of the night, leaving aside the method of calling.

"Tell me. Why are you here at this hour?"

Shiina's cheeks blushed at Amy's well-founded misunderstanding. However, she quickly returned to her original self and spoke coldly.

"I came to give you some advice about the promotion exam. I don't think it's good to be noticed by others because the situation is the situation."

If the promotion test was the reason, Amy had nothing to say in response. Because she herself came because of it.

"Here, senior."

Shirone, who had prepared tea, held out a cup to Amy and said,

"At least a cup of tea... ... ."

"Hmm."

Amy picked up the teacup and savored the incense. Like a courteous junior, he had a basic attitude to greet guests.

"... ... is a horn! This all happened because of you!"

"I'm sorry!"

Shirone's apology made Amy even more upset. Isn't it because he's so good-natured that he ignores even the little ones?

"Let's sit down. Because I want to finish talking."

Shiina offered a seat. Amy sat down next to Shirone and jerked her body around. She was nervous and came to visit her, but she was still mad at Shirone.

"As you all know, the evaluation item for this test is teleportation. It was a decision made by the headmaster himself."

"Are you the principal?"

Amy finally understood the situation. She thought it was an unsuitable test for Class 7, but she deserved it if it was the principal's playfulness.

"yes. In fact, I don't even know what his intentions are. Because teleportation is a dangerous magic for lower classes."

Amy asked.

"The test is probably on the 'bridge that can't be crossed', right?"

"I'm not sure, but it's actually only there."

=======================================
[32] Teleportation(3)





The bridge that could not be crossed was the bridge connecting the two peaks at 1,000 meters above sea level, the highest among the training grounds. The bridge was 700 meters long and had rapids running down the valley.

"Why is the bridge impossible to cross?"

Amy explained to Shirone's question.

"It's literally a bridge you can't cross. It's a training ground used for teleportation practice. The difficulty level ranges from 1 to 10, but even I, a class point, have to risk my life from level 8 or higher."

Shiina added.

"The promotion test will be level 1. There are no obstacles. Because it is impossible for the children of Class 7 to even jump over 700 meters."

Amy asked.

"uh? So how do you rate it? Doesn't the one who arrives first get promoted?"

"The student who leaped the farthest will be selected. It won't be too dangerous. It's done with the safety device turned on, and the advanced class teachers will be watching. The problem is the students. If they get too competitive, they often clash with each other."

In Amy's opinion, that part was the key. Since this is a test with an early promotion, there will be no collusion. Even so, the person to be checked the most was Shirone.

"How about this? From the beginning, Shirone hits and runs. Of course, it will take a lot of mental strength, but if you're at the level of Shirone, you'll be able to do it."

"I am of the same opinion. That's why I will be in charge of Shirone from today."

"yes? Are you a teacher?"

Amy raised her eyes in bewilderment. For a teacher to be in charge of a specific student is not only against fairness, but it was enough to cause a strange misunderstanding.

"Why did the teacher go so far?"

"Because I am responsible for this. I've been thinking of listing Shirone in Class 5 from the beginning. However, it was canceled due to the opposition of other teachers. If you had followed my words, Shirone wouldn't have been bullied."

"But if there is even a rumor, the problem will grow. Other students will study teleportation by any means necessary, but if word spreads that the teacher has been in charge of Shirone himself, even the test they passed may be in vain. Don't do that, I'll take care of Shirone for the time being. You can teach anything at level 1 difficulty."

Shiina shook her head.

"I know you applied for a promotion to your senior year, but wouldn't it be better to focus on that? You won't have time to worry about Shirone."

"uh? Really, senior?"

Shirone asked incredulously. Being the first to apply while no one had applied yet meant that they would break through with the straight-line method.

'Right. It's really amazing.'

I was grateful that he had come to visit me even though he was busy preparing for the promotion exam. However, the situation was going differently from the warm atmosphere expected. The two women, whose pride was on fire, did not give up a single step.

"No matter how busy you are, you can take care of the teleportation, so the teacher gives up, right? Rather, such meddling can have a negative effect on Shirone."

"As a teacher, I cannot tolerate it even though I know it is an important time for my students. You can only apply for the senior class test once a year. Wouldn't it be better to leave it to the teacher and pay attention to senior class work?"

Both of them were smiling, but looking into their eyes, they weren't laughing at all. Realizing that they couldn't reach a compromise in the end, they looked back at Shirone for the last time.

"Shirone, you choose. Is it me or a teacher? Of course, it would be better if a girlfriend taught me."

"Yes, Shirone. I hope you decide. A teacher will be able to teach you much better than a student about to take a senior exam."

The voice was friendly, but it was threatening from the point of view of acceptance. However, Shirone is not shaken by anyone, and he confesses what he originally thought.

"I will do it alone. I appreciate your words, but I don't need your help."

The women's faces darkened.

"Learning from a teacher is against equity. But I don't want to get help from seniors who are about to take an exam. I will try to pass this exam by myself."

"you idiot! The other kids are going to get tutoring and take the test! Besides, everyone is keeping you in check! You're not at the level of trying to do something alone!"

"Then I can understand it as it is."

"yes?"

"I think it's a really great thing that senior made the decision to be promoted to the senior class. If she can't overcome even this much, she's determined that she won't be able to overcome any difficulties in the future."

"yes? that is... ... It is, but... ... ."

"Me too. I will work hard and pass. Not to be ashamed of as a boyfriend."

Realizing how great Shirone's determination was, Amy could no longer object. More than anything, I was grateful to him for acknowledging his decision.

"huh. All of that, of course."

No one was chosen by Shirone, but in terms of atmosphere, Amy won by decision.

Shiina stood up while adjusting her glasses.

"If the student's opinion is the same, then the teacher should also accept it. But whenever you don't know something, come and ask. It is the same for other students."

"Yes. Thank you for caring me."

Shiina opened the door and spoke to Amy before leaving.

"I have no choice but to skip today, but from now on, refrain from entering the boys' room. The next time you get caught, you might be punished."

Amy bowed her head in embarrassment. She couldn't help but think that she was lucky today.

When Shiina left, an awkward silence came.

Shirone, who had never experienced being in a room with a girl her age, couldn't say a word.

Then Amy was also swept away by a strange atmosphere. I came all the way here with the thought of taking a hit, but when I was put in this situation, I started to get scared of Shirone.

"Well, then... ... I'll go too."

"Ah yes! Thank you for your concern."

Amy sighed in relief and prepared to return. Then she shouted, looking back at her with her poem as if she had just remembered.

"you idiot! why didn't you tell me If that had happened, we should have discussed it earlier."

"sorry. But I didn't want to talk."

"Because of pride? Fool, what does that matter?"

"Rather... ... I don't want to break up with you."

Amy's cheeks heated up.

"Telling the truth would only make things more awkward between us. However, I want to continue to have a good relationship with you in the future. You are my goal."

Shirone remembered the first day she entered magic school. Ever since he saw the name Karmis Amy, who was ranked number one in Class Four, his target was always Amy.

"I will definitely catch up with you. So, seniors, please work hard too."

Amy was in a good mood, but at the same time burdened. In fact, it was because she felt the same way.

"Then don't call me senior from now on."

"Yes?"

"You're the same age anyway, and I'm recognizing you, so don't call me senior from now on."

"But that... ... ."

"I feel bad! What is it? It's cowardly to chase after you from behind while pretending to be 'Senior'! Come beside me and compete proudly!"

The class at the magic school was also an issue related to social status. The fact that she did not treat her as a senior meant that she considered Shirone as her classmate.

"Come up quickly instead. I'll throw you out if you stay downstairs with only your mouth. okay?"

Amy walked to the window, red-faced. Since she couldn't get out through the door, she had to go to the wall again this time.

"Amy."

When Shirone called, Amy shrugged and looked back. What would happen to the listeners if she immediately said that she was going to do it?

But Shirone's eyes were terribly burning. When I met those eyes, the empty feelings disappeared in an instant.

"I will definitely catch up. I'm waiting for you in your senior year."

Amy's eyes curved like a seagull. Although hidden behind her mask, she was clearly smiling.

"huh. I'll have already graduated by then? Follow me if you can."

Amy jumped down the window. When I looked under her window, she was gone.

Shirone sighed. He pretended to be strong, but the truth was he didn't know where to start.

"It's teleportation... ... ."



* * *



There is one month left until the promotion exam. He had to master teleportation somehow inside of it. First, I went to the library and collected all the books on teleportation magic. Contrary to the expectation that there would be no stock, it was not difficult to obtain the book.

Rumor has it that about 20 students take part in the promotion exam. After all, they were all studying in a special way without relying on books.

"I don't know if this could really fall."

Shirone calmed her impatient mind and steadily learned from the basic concept of teleportation.

One of the greatest discoveries in the history of magic, the theory of photonization was magic that turned the wizard's body into light.

Then, what is the nature of light is important, but it was too difficult to understand with the human mind.

It has the properties of a particle and a wave at the same time, has no relative velocity, and does not even contain mass.

But Kergos gained great insight from its esoteric nature. By using the absoluteness of light, which has no relative speed, it is possible to quickly jump through space.

By adopting the photonization theory as a battery, anyone can succeed in teleportation. So it was a great discovery, but the question was how much control it could have.

It was easy to lose your life trying to calculate and move in your head because teleportation moves you to your destination so quickly.

'but. I can't calculate the speed of 10 to the 20th power.'

Shirone continued reading the book. Wizards say that the speed of light is largely divided into 4 types, which are super light speed, light speed, sub light speed, and quasi-sub light speed.

The speed of light is faster than light, and in theory, time slip magic that reverses time is possible. However, it was an unknown area that no wizard had reached yet.

Therefore, the most outstanding wizards of light among humans were those who could use the speed of light. It is possible to learn stop magic, which is called the realm of gods, but it is said that wizards who have reached this level are also counted on one hand throughout history.

After all, most professional wizards who deal with light are divided in their skills in the realm of sub-light speed.

According to the wizards' definition, sublight speed was 'a speed far exceeding the maximum speed of matter, but much slower than light'.

Sublight speed is also the basic omnipotence of space movement. If it was at the speed of light, it wouldn't take much time to move, but it was possible to arrive at the destination within seconds even if it was only dealing with sub-light speed.

Shirone continued to read the book with admiration, but so far it hadn't touched reality. What he had to pay attention to was the final speed of light, quasi-sublight.

The definition of quasi-light speed given by wizards was 'a speed that exceeds the maximum speed of living things, but is much slower than sub-light speed'.

That is why, even if instant movement has the property of light, it is possible to capture the movement with the human eye.

Since the speed is not enough to distort the space, an irreversible accident may occur if the surrounding environment is misunderstood.

'The moment you miss even one cover, it's over. Even if the mass is reduced with the photonization theory, it will be a fatal impact because it has speed.'

I realized why Shiina emphasized the fact that there are no obstacles on the bridge that she couldn't cross. But she said there was nothing to be done about the clashes between her students.

'Can you really do it? With only the basic formula?'

=======================================
[33] Teleportation(4)





It takes less than 1 second to get from point A to point B. It is quite difficult to calculate the variables in your head. Above all, due to the nature of teleportation, short distances had to be repeated several times, so the more the number of times, the more confused it would be.

"Oh, I see."

Shirone slapped her palm. He can't calculate it with his head, but he can feel it with his intuition.

Just as the number of leaves on a tree can be counted through the Spirit Zone, the speed of light is also recognized through insight.

This was exactly what Alpheas wanted. Magic that anyone can learn, but the level of skill varies greatly depending on the talent.

Shirone gained confidence. Although he lags behind in omnipotence, if he is omnipotent, he has been honing every day since he was 12 years old.

30 days until the exam.

Shirone did his best to make Kergos' theory of photonization omniscient. After class, I read books all night at the dorm. So, after 20 days, he had no more to study by reading books by himself.

From that day on, I visited a training ground dedicated to Class 7. All of his classmates seemed to be having a private training session, so it was quiet and empty.

Shirone combined the cells of the photonization theory with the omnipotence of the Spirit Zone. It was difficult to find the senses because it was his first attempt.

Shirone stands between omniscience and omnipotence. In that state, the moment Shirone was erased, the omnipotence and omnipotence were attached and the magic was activated.

Shirone cast magic in a state of trance. A light flashed as I felt my body disintegrate. As I nodded to move forward, the melted world attacked me.

"Aaaaaaa!"

After moving a distance of 5 meters, Shirone rolled on the floor as soon as she arrived. It felt like all the bones in my body were breaking.

"Ugh... ... ."

Even as I gritted my teeth and endured the pain, the word failure was engraved in my head. If the mass was not completely dropped by photonization, the impact force that advanced at the speed of sub-light would come in intact.

It was too dangerous magic to try alone.

However, Shirone, who had no seniors to ask for advice, let alone a private tutor, had no choice but to learn by bumping into her body.

'I'm not giving up. I will definitely do it.'

From that day on, Shirone corrected the error through numerous trials and errors. It is an ignorant method at first glance, but in the end, only memories learned through the body remain.

A few days later, an unknown person appeared at the training ground and looked at Shirone. It must have been a spy sent by someone, but he didn't care. After all, there was no other place other than here.

How many times have you rolled on the floor and stamped your lips on the ground? Her whole body freezes and her bones ache every morning when she wakes up.

So the last day has come.

With ten minutes left before midnight, Shirone stumbled back to her place.

"never... ... don't give up... ... ."

I inhaled the dust and my throat was sharp. I stood in the middle of the training ground with half-closed eyes.

Most of the errors have been fixed. What was left was the persistence to overcome pain and the will to overcome fear.

Shirone couldn't move. I was too afraid to cast teleportation. His stamina dropped as he fell, and now even his bones were bruised and throbbed just to the touch.

"lets do it... ... . I have to... ... ."

Shirone murmured in disbelief. Maybe it was a good day. You'll be able to forget me on your own without any effort.

"Moment... ... move."

At the extreme differential point where the upper body tilted, Shirone's body stretched out 10 meters. It wasn't comparable to light, but to the human eye, it was as fast as a flash.

Arriving at her destination, Shirone hurriedly grabbed her upper body, which was about to spill.

"... ... ."

stood like that for a long time I don't feel it. There was no excruciating pain this time.

"Hehe, I did it."

I heard the bell ringing at midnight.

Hearing that reverent sound, Shirone collapsed to the ground in the same position as she was standing. The smell of earth tickled the tip of his nose.

In 30 days, the distance traveled by teleportation was only 10 meters. But it was the first 10-meter jump.

'How far can I go with this?'

You need to cast at least 70 teleports to cross 700 meters of the impassable bridge. Furthermore, if it was a race, I had to pay attention to my stamina.

Casting teleportation once is far less efficient than casting attack magic once.

Because if you cast Teleport to move 10 meters, you'd rather run fast.

Ultimately, the key is connectivity.

If you can't cast without resting, teleportation is a magic that's worse than not doing it.

When you arrive at your destination with perfect photonization, the inertia disappears. Thanks to this, the magician's body is not destroyed, but the linkage requires the same concentration as the first time.

'I don't have time for this. You shouldn't lie down. You need to practice a little more. At least we need to reinforce the connection part... ... .'

The will was the same, but I couldn't lift a finger. His consciousness was sucked into the abyss, and Shirone's eyelids slowly closed.

So the next morning was bright.



* * *



Mark opened the window and caught the fresh morning breeze. He stretched out and went into the bathroom to wash his face. The smile didn't leave him while he changed his clothes.

Today was to be a historic day in his life.

'High-speed promotion in Class 7. Hehe. I can't wait to see what the Class Six kids will treat me with.'

Mark was so strong that it was hard to believe that he was 15 years old. In the wizarding world, the body is not very important, but young children are often intimidated by the size they see. In addition to that, since he was born with magical talent, no one in Class 7 could touch him. Thanks to him, he drove Shirone to this opportunity, and his pride grew stronger.

"Bocchan, how are you feeling?"

A slender man opened the door and greeted me. He was a wizard who tutored Mark in teleportation for a month. He was hired in a hurry because he was competing for the village, but he was a certified 9th class wizard and was good at copying.

"it's okay. How about Shirone?"

"It remains. Although teleportation is easy to learn, there are limits to doing it alone. Even if you take the promotion test, you won't be able to compete with the young master."

"Hmm. Still, you can't be careless. Spirit Zone is bigger than me."

Mark was satisfied with what he had just said. Isn't it often said that the weakness of genius is laziness? But he himself is different. Since he put effort into his natural talent, he couldn't be defeated by Shirone.

"By the way, how many kids are participating in the operation?"

"From what I heard until yesterday, there are four of them."

"It is quite small. It's rare to get a chance to receive personal guidance from a certified mage."

"It must be greedy without knowing the subject. Maybe it's petty pride."

Mark sneered at the memory of the students who refused to participate in the operation. Those who had little to no talent were blinded by the opportunity to be promoted early, and kicked the fortune with their own feet.

'You know what to do. After all, the promotion is for me, the slider mark.'

The Slider family is the 3rd rank of the nobility, which is not a very high rank, but most of the family members work for the Magic Association, so they have considerable influence in the magical society.

The high-nosed first-class children will snort, but they won't go to school if they're not sure about magic anyway, so they don't stay in places like Class 7 for long.

In any competition, if there is a top rank, there will be a bottom rank. Mark decided to organize a strategy team by attracting children with mediocre grades. When he offered to help him get a job with the association after graduation, he was passed over by a few. It was judged that it was more realistic to make a deal than to go through the eye of a needle with only one successful candidate.

"Four people is enough. You can step on it in the beginning."

"How about teleportation?"

Mark gave a thumbs up as he opened the door and left.

"Perfect. I'll close my eyes and cross it for about 700 meters."

"I wish you good luck, young master."

The certified 9th grade wizard respected Mark until the last day. From his point of view, he is a distant junior, but he was hired by his father, a technical advisor to the Magic Association, so he was also the son of his employer.

Mark headed to the advanced class building. Because it was the day when the promotion test was scheduled, there were no classes, but students who did not participate in the test stayed and studied on their own. Mark also visited this place once to have a meeting with the operation team.

As expected, the expressions of the children studying on their own were not good. It was because of a sense of shame that he did not even qualify to take the exam.

Mark enjoyed a sense of superiority as he examined their faces. Thinking that those who remained in the classroom today would probably be in a position to shine their own shoes even after going out into society, I burst into laughter.

"Hey, Maria! Are you giving up on the exam too?"

Mark raised his hand toward Maria, who was approaching from afar. Then her Mary's face turned pale. After accusing Shirone of the bullying incident to Shiina, she also became her bully.

Mark looked at Maria, who was helpless, with disgust.

'Sheesh. bat girl. When bullying together, when do you get out of it by yourself? I'm old, but I'm really useless. Why the hell do you go to school like that?'

Maria, terrified, spoke first.

"Mark, didn't you go to the practice field? Are you going to study on your own?"

"haha! Could it be? I'm not even you I came here to meet my friends because I had some time left."

Maria's feeling of being treated badly by Mark, who is 4 years younger than her, was depressing. However, because of her low skills, she couldn't blame anyone.

"What are you doing in a place like this? What's different about studying today? So, no grades. Come up to the training ground and take a tour, a tour. Watching and learning from people who are good at it is also a study."

"Yeah, right... ... ."

Even as she listened to Mark's admonition, Maria stuck to her awkward smile. She just wanted to quickly end the conversation and leave her seat.

"Well then, do your best. I hope you pass."

"Kick! Do you really think so?"

Maria's heart sank at Mark's arsenic.

"Until now, I put up with it because I was a classmate. But if I become a senior, then be prepared. I won't forget what I told the teacher."

Maria tried to make an excuse out of urgency, but her mind went blank and no words came to her mind. Finally resigned, she lowered her head and walked away with her trot.

Mark snorted and went into the classroom where the operation team had gathered. Four classmates were waiting in the empty classroom.

Three men, one woman. They were students who had been training for a month to interfere with Shirone. The part that I especially focused on practicing was the situation that took place within 100 meters.

Shirone must have known that he was being held back, so he was going to hit it early. The key was to somehow get them eliminated before then.

Deliberate collisions can be punished, so you have to be careful, but from Mark's point of view, it didn't matter if he drove in. It's because it's enough to compensate for the sacrifice.

"how? Did you set up the operation correctly?"

"yes. As soon as they leave, the two of them will cling to Shirone first. In the meantime, the remaining two will protect you. If Syrone gets out of there, I'll have to use the last resort."

The chance to drop Shirone was limited to two at most. However, it was a satisfactory number for a match within 100 meters.

Perhaps the standard leap distance of Shirone is 10 meters. If so, the operation team should crash the Shirone within the first 10 times.

"I will not forget today's help. If I get an early promotion, I will guide you guys."

"yes. We will only believe in you."

Mark was satisfied. Everything was going according to plan. The proud protagonist of early promotion to the two classes was to be himself.

"great! Shall we start?"

=======================================
[34] Teleportation(5)





Teleportation Lab.

Students arrived one after another at the peak of 1,000 meters above sea level. Since there were no classes, not only the children of Class 7, but also the students of upper classes flocked to check the results.

After today, one student from Class 7 will be promoted to Class 5.

Considering that it usually takes two years to pass one class, it was said that in the worst case, a student at least four years younger would be brought up as a classmate.

"wow! This is a bridge you cannot cross. I'm here for the first time."

The students who participated in the promotion test were amazed at the enormous scale of the practice room. Teachers and students were also gathered on the opposite peak, 700 meters away.

"But why is there a bridge you can't cross? Where are your legs?"

"Idiot, there you are."

A long iron rod was connecting the peaks to the peaks. As the length increases, the tension decreases. Just the fact that the 700-meter-long rod stretched out made it clear that it was an alchemical substance.

A few students walked to the cliff and looked down. Contrary to what the teachers said, there was no safety device or anything similar.

"what's this? Won't you die if you fall?"

Said Sade, who jumped over the peak with spatial movement.

"No need to worry. Because the safety device is sure."

Students could not be relieved. In fact, I heard that there are cases where students have died during teleportation practice at other schools.

"How does it work?"

"When you fall 100 meters, the air net magic is automatically activated. I designed it to be invisible because I don't get nervous when the safety device is visible."

"What if something breaks down?"

"ha ha ha! I can't say that it doesn't happen. But that hasn't happened yet."

"So there's no guarantee that you're absolutely safe?"

"Hmm, so to speak."

The students' faces turned pale. Then Sade turned around with a satisfied expression. Even if the safety device is broken, the accident will not happen. For that reason, all advanced classes were stopped and teachers were called.

But even if an accident did happen, it was unavoidable. The magic school was a special purpose school supported by the kingdom, so it was a rule not to ask for fault even if you were injured or died during class. The students were already familiar with this fact and applied for the advanced class.

"It's been a really long time coming here. Amy, let's go over there."

Seriel took Amy's hand and climbed the hill. Amy seemed to hate her, but she eventually moved on as she led her, she said.

"Because I don't want to see you. It must be at the level of Class 7."

"Oh, boy! What are you talking about on the day when your boyfriend proudly climbs into Class 5? If your lover doesn't cheer you on on a day like this, when will you score points?"

"Sheesh! No matter how much you cheer, those who pass pass and those who fail fail, what."

Amy pretended to be bold, but on the inside, she was quite concerned. How much did she raise the level of her teleportation in one month? Is it really possible to teleport?

Practice was the best way to learn the sense of teleportation. However, since the process is so painful, most of them learn the tricks first according to the advice of competent people.

On the other hand, Amy was the type to learn by literally bumping into her body. Of course, she didn't suffer much because she learned the schema from a young age.

'But it's not Shirone. I'm not the type to give up either. I should be in good shape.'

Although not as much as Shirone, Class 7 had quite a few notable talents. Depending on the situation, it wouldn't be strange even if Shirone fell.

"uh? But I guess Shirone hasn't come yet?"

When Seriel looked at the peak through the telescope, Amy hurriedly took the telescope away. True to her word, Shirone was nowhere to be seen among the 20 students standing on her precipice.

"what? What happened?"

"Couldn't it be a failure?"

I couldn't predict. He believed in it because he was a Shirone, but in fact, it was not a magic that was easy enough to learn by self-taught.

'This idiot... ... Where the hell are you doing?'



* * *



Shirone opened her eyes to the stinging sunlight. Unlike usual, the visibility was low and the sky was high. A jay jumped in front of her eyes, and her spirits flashed.

"Aww! what's this!"

I looked around and found myself in the middle of the training ground. He had been sleeping ever since he collapsed last night.

I slept only 3 hours every day and studied, and for the rest of the week, I worked hard on my body, so it was as good as fainting.

'Promotion test!'

Cold sweat ran down Shirone's spine. Without a moment to feel discouraged, he kicked off the ground and jumped out. To climb 1,000 meters above sea level, I had to run unconditionally, regardless of condition.

'please! please!'

The Bridge I Can't Cross (1)





"Let's begin, Headmaster."

"Um, sure."

As Shiina fired her lighting magic toward the sky, tension rose in the practice room. Etella, checking the lights on the peak opposite her, said, turning to her students.

"When the teacher gives a signal, run to the cliff. Whoever has gone the farthest by teleportation can pass the promotion test."

The students swallowed dry saliva. The difficulty of the bridge that cannot be crossed is level 1, and there are no obstacles, but the horror of flying in the air is beyond imagination.

Leaving the ranking, you need to connect at least 70 teleportation times to safely step on the ground. Besides, if the rhythm was broken in the middle, even the spirit zone would disappear due to the fear of falling.

'I can't cross anyway. I'm sure I'll fall eventually, but what if the safety device doesn't work?'

It is human psychology to not believe even if I tell them that it is safe, so most of the students stiffened with tension. The only ones who could afford it were Mark and the operation team.

'huh. I practiced every day. As long as it's not interrupted, seventy times is enough.'

The variable was Shirone's absence. It is true that Mark's dedicated mage reported Shirone's slow progress, but he couldn't believe it until he saw it with his own eyes. But when this happened, he thought that he was nervous about the insignificant guy.

'Teleportation. I couldn't get used to it. Well, from the beginning, he was a guy who didn't have much to do except for the Spirit Zone.'

It was Amy who was most nervous about Shirone's absence. His bold appearance had disappeared and he was wandering around the cliff uneasy.

"what! What happened! Why aren't you coming!"

"Amy, look over there!"

Seriel pointed to the peak on the other side. When Amy checked through the telescope, Shirone was running towards the top. No matter where she rolled, her clothes were full of dust and her face was floating blue as if she couldn't even breathe.

"Where did you come from and what did you do? That fool!"

Seriel let out a sigh of relief and said.

"I'm glad though. Arrive in time. But you must be tired, will you be okay?"

"do not know! What do you know! I'm just glad I didn't drop out!"

Anyway, seeing as I arrived at the test site, it seemed that I was able to teleport. Seeing her lips parted and her arms black and blue bruised, I was drawn to Shirone's penance. Amy regained her composure and looked around her.

"It is quite windy today. It will be a difficult test."

Teleportation, though not as much as the flying magic fly, was not completely free from wind speed or air pressure. It was going to be a test in which one should not lose concentration even for a second.

The students who were waiting for the exam hardened their faces when Shirone appeared. I felt like I had been beaten in the back of the head at the moment when I thought I had given up.

"Sheesh! That kid did that on purpose. I mean to confuse you."

"He pretends to be innocent, but he is very cunning. Do you want to be promoted even if you do such a cowardly thing?"

It's true that it shocked the children's spirits, but Shirone's physical strength was discharged, so it was rather a loss.

Etella was troubled when she saw Shirone gasping for breath. I arrived before the start of the test, so there is no problem with qualifications, but the test should evaluate your skills in an equal situation.

'Would there be any problems with fairness if we proceed as it is?'

She shot an orange light magic into the sky. Blue was ready, red was testing, and orange was a question mark.

The teachers who confirmed Etella's flares shared their opinions. There were conflicting opinions about the need to start right away and the need to give a break even for 10 minutes.

"What do you think, principal?"

Alpheas was adamant.

"Let it begin. Adjusting one's physical condition is a student's ability ahead of an exam. It doesn't look like we're going to go out."

"All right. then... ... ."

Shiina conveyed her will to continue with the red light. Shirone intervened among the students standing in a row. The person who kindly stepped aside was the tactical team that Mark planted.

All students were nervous. No matter how much special training I received, running a 1,000-meter cliff was another matter. An unknown world equal to everyone. I didn't know what I would see, how I would feel, how afraid I would be when the sky spread out under my feet.

"Then, from now on, we will start the early promotion test for Class 7. Get ready."

The students took a running stance. Around the time I could only hear the sound of my heart beating, Etella cast lighting magic.

With a popping sound, a red orb soared into the sky. The teachers across the street flipped through the files and prepared to record, and the students kicked off the ground without saying anything first and ran out.

'head! I have to take the lead!'

'It's not like there's no possibility if I hit first place!'

Most of the students had similar thoughts. Then, Shirone, who lost strength in his legs, had no choice but to fall behind relatively.

But there is still a chance to make up for it. This is because it depends on each person's determination to decide where to cast teleportation before the cliff. The best start is to jump off a cliff and then teleport.

But how many people can really do that? In addition to being the starting point of the highest tension, the bridge that could not be crossed was at an altitude of one kilometer above sea level.

Wind speed, wind direction, barometric temperature, etc. All environments are different from practice. If he flew up with his bare body and the magic failed, that was the end. It is human nature to want to start on the ground where there is a chance for a comeback.

As Shirone predicted, when there were 5 meters left to the cliff, the students who could not stand the fear first cast teleportation and started to fly away. Then the rest of the students followed one after another. In the group that maintained the lead, Mark and his party were the only ones who did not stop.

'no! little bit more!'

He stomped his feet, suppressing the rising fear. Shirone must be aiming for the best start. If so, he needed a starting point equal to him.

'Can I? What if it falls?'

Even though I clenched my teeth and made up my mind, the tingling feeling did not go away. When the operation team escorting Mark could not hold out and was shot with a flash of light, he also eventually cast teleportation.

With more than half of the students off the cliff, Shirone was still running. That's why the operation team, which was keeping pace with Shirone, felt like their blood was drying up.

If you continue like this, you will fall off a cliff. At the point where there were two steps left to the cliff, the operation team eventually cast magic first. Even so, Shirone continued to stomp. He understood the nature of the danger, and fear was no hindrance to him.

This is the point where the first turn has not yet been completed. If I had a good start, I could have made up for the part I fell behind on the ground.

=======================================
[35] The Bridge I Can't Cross (2)





Unlike the fierce psychological warfare taking place, in the eyes of the spectators watching from afar, it seemed that they were just jumping down. It was a battle that took place in seconds.

'It didn't fall until it fell.'

Even when the cliff came one step closer, Shirone's body did not shine. Then, rather, the hearts of the students watching were beating. Shirone flew off the edge of the cliff and leaped as far as possible. Incredible feeling of opulence. The strong wind shook the body, and the mountain birds flew in groups far below the feet.

Shirone only focused on teleportation. At the critical point of the leap, his body finally flashed and leaped out in a flash.

Shirone was the last person to finish turn 1. Naturally, the rankings were reversed at the point of going into turn 2. The group that cut off the start first will fall behind.

Shirone made up for the gap in driving. Above all, I was able to lead Mark by a narrow margin.

Mark was frightened when he saw Shirone jumping out from behind. How late could he have gotten ahead of him on turn one? Of course, the gap between the leading groups is still less than 10 meters, so the rankings can change at any time, but it was disappointing that the expected strategy was in vain.

"You bastard! Don't stand there!"

With a short time difference, Shirone and Mark cast teleportation magic at almost the same time.



* * *



10 minutes before the promotion test begins.

There was a girl who headed to the training center with a gloomy face.

Erlang Maria.

As the third daughter of the Erlang family, the third-class aristocrat, she was a 19-year-old genius who opened her eyes to magical talent early and entered Alpheas Magic School.

Although she is currently in Class 7 and is ridiculed by Mark, who is 4 years younger than her, it did not mean that she did not stand out from the start.

He entered school at the age of 10 and fought fiercely for 9 years. But at some point, such a competition felt meaningless.

I couldn't figure out why I had to go up to the top class while spending a lot of energy. Even if you are promoted, it is the beginning of a new competition. The life she lived was just a marathon with no destination for her.

"Ha, what am I doing?"

Is it because I missed the timing to hit and go up? From the moment I realized that I was the oldest in Class 7, everything was futile.

The odds of a student entering Class Ten advancing to Class Seven were roughly 40 percent. It's good to be proud of being able to break through the probability of less than half.

When Maria entered Class 7 at the age of 15, she was happy as if she were flying in the sky. But her happiness was short-lived, and she feared the narrowing gap in the promotion.

Ironically, my best grades were in my first year of promotion to Class 7.

However, from the following year, his grades gradually dropped, and now he has come to the point where he is ignored even by freshmen.

I was afraid to compete. You have to risk your life to do something. You have to be a little more tenacious and a little more perfect. Every time I thought about it, I felt out of breath.

Is the reason why you can't leave school because of inertia, or is it because you have a little bit of passion left? If that's not the case, is it because the time spent trying is a waste?

Maria, who entered the magic school because she liked magic, sighed when she found herself losing her identity.

Things like the promotion test were someone else's business. Still, it hurt my pride to stay in the classroom with young children and study on my own.

With that thought in mind, I walked aimlessly. Then, suddenly, she thought she had to go to the training center, and she turned around.

Perhaps there is a warlike competition between bright talents at the top? Seeing them would intensify her sense of shame, but she felt that her passion was running out anyway.

With the mindset of grabbing at least a straw, or with the mindset that some kind of happening might occur and cause even a small stimulus, I took such a futile step.

"yes?"

At the peak, Teacher Etella's lighting magic gushed out. Judging from the blue color, it seemed that she was preparing for her exam.

The shouts of the students were heard on the echo. Maria, losing her confidence to head there, halted her steps. Where their shouts reached, she was not herself.

'My place is not there. Only the best kids in Class 7 will be there.'

At that moment, a demonic thought entered her mind and directed her.

At first, I just turned away because I didn't want to ignore the fact that a possibility existed.

Then, when I came to my senses, I was already at the engine control room of the bridge I couldn't cross.

hope that maybe it's not over.

Grabbing that hope, she opened the door to the engine room. An employee was sitting in a chair and yawning. If it was a normal promotion test, the teacher would accompany him, but today he couldn't be seen because the engine device of the bridge that couldn't be crossed was turned off and he was on the move for the safety of the students.

The relaxed staff stretched out their legs and blew a whistle. But after a while, his eyelids closed and his head bent.

Maria was standing behind the employee who had fallen into a deep sleep.

Sleep magic, which relaxes the mind, hardly works for wizards, but it is very effective for those who do not know magic.

Maria looked around at the engine unit. The safety device of the air net was activated, and a rotary switch was visible on the side to adjust the level of difficulty of the bridge that could not be crossed.

She put her finger on the safety button. Her body trembled. Is this the right thing to do? No, regardless of right or wrong, is it really something I can do at my level?

Just press a button. If she was her usual self, it would lead to terrible consequences that could never be imagined, but when a person is possessed by something, only her sweet reward fills her mind.

Maria pressed the button. When she put it into practice, it was so simple that she laughed. There are no terrible things, no disastrous results. She just pushed a button.

The lights of the air net installed on the cliff lost their red light.



* * *



Boom, boom, boom!

An explosion erupted from the crowd of students. It was a situation where 20 people each blinked and ran at an altitude of 1,000 meters.

Overall, at the time of the third turn, the distance between the lead and the tail did not widen.

It was a situation in which a huge human group was moving.

However, differences in level were evident. Most of those who had started early were shaken, unable to bear the feeling of emptiness with nothing hanging under their feet.

'Hey! Are you really falling? here?'

Looking down, it was a ten thousand li cliff. It was a terrible thing to have to fall 100 meters unconditionally, whether the safety device was really installed, or even if it was safe.

As the spirit zone weakened, the leap distance decreased. As such, the gap with the leading group widened in an instant.

The Spirit Zone is an extremely sensitive state of mind. Therefore, even the slightest distraction could not sustain her. In the end, the students of Fumi's group, who failed in the omnipotence of teleportation, began to plummet.

"Aaaaaaa!"

"Sah, save people! Help me!"

Ha ha ha ha ha!

The seniors watching from the other side burst into laughter. Having already experienced a bridge they couldn't cross, it was just cute to see their juniors flustered. The teachers also smiled and meticulously recorded the evaluations of the students who dropped out in the paperwork.

However, the festive mood changed in an instant.

Regardless of who said it first, the teachers raised their heads in amazement. It took more than enough time to get caught in the air net, but the siren didn't sound.

"what! What happened! stokehold!"

"I'll go!"

THAAD casts space movement. Flashes of light soared through the sky and curled into the engine room.

"I will save the students first!"

Shiina dived down the cliff and cast teleportation at terrifying speed. Etel, who had been watching from the other side of her, also realized the strangeness of the situation and jumped down.

"Principal, what should I do? Should the exam be stopped?"

Alpheas sighed and exhaled. Two certified 6th grade wizards went, so the students should be safe. However, it was a question to think about whether to proceed with the test like this.

From the school's point of view, it was convenient to suspend the test. But then, students who are struggling to stay in the lead group suffer irreparable losses. It was good to respect the will of the participants as long as safety was guaranteed.

"Just watch. It's enough to keep 20 people. If it ends like this, wouldn't it make fun of the students' enthusiasm?"

Shiina and Etela rose from the cliff at the same time. The students trapped in the magic of the air net rose after them.

"What's going on? Something must be wrong."

Seriel looked into the air through a telescope and said. Other students also murmured in an unexpected situation.

But Amy was not swept away by the atmosphere. A stupid situation where a certified 6th grade teacher is holding on does not happen. Besides, the leading students were still undisturbed. Even she herself would have been. It's a class five, but safety is a big deal?

On the other hand, there was a noticeable disturbance in the middle-ranking group. Seeing the teachers jumping off the cliff and grabbing the students, he had an intuition that there was a problem.

'Isn't there a safety device?'

The reason I was able to withstand the fear so far was because it was not a real battle, no matter how similar it was to a real battle. But now I was really floating on a cliff for a thousand roads.

"Aww! no!"

"Teacher! Please save me! I'm giving up on the test!"

"I'm not going to die like this!"

The middle-ranking group began to fall one after another. A rare scene unfolded where the teachers rescued the students by emitting flashes of light.

Even under such circumstances, the lead group's run did not stop. They also know that there is a problem with the safety device, but they rather delighted.

'It's an opportunity! Drop out as many times as possible.'

Before entering the magic school, they were children who grew up hearing that they were geniuses that were unique in the world. Their courageous spirit was different from that of ordinary children of their age. So far, the lead group has advanced 270 meters. It was an amazing level for a class seven.

Shirone was still in first place. Mark and the operation team took turns passing him, but in the next turn, they were reversed. While linking the teleportation 27 times, the jump distance per turn was 10 meters, and there was no error.

'It only repeats the moment. Let's erase the concept of linkage.'

The mechanical routine that Shirone refined while preparing for this test was shining. If certain conditions are met, humans can become much more precise than machines, and that was the work of the unconscious called repetition obsession. Humans who use compulsion are scary. This is because when they decide to do something, they break down barriers like machines.

'Damn it! Really tenacious! What are the other guys doing!'

Mark was annoyed. Because Shirone did not miss the lead, there was no room for the operation team to intervene. When I looked around her with a fierce look, the female student of Operation Group flinched when her eyes met. It was an unspoken push to initiate her last resort.

A partner suicide.

But the safety device was off. She wondered if this was the right thing to do.

'no. I have no choice but to do it. I die like this, but live a failed life. That's it.'

She raised her concentration to the highest level. She gave up on finishing and cast her teleportation, which allowed her to briefly take the lead.

Linking instantaneous movement at high speed, she blocked Shirone's way. At the same time, another operation team blocked Shirone's left route.

With the front and side blocked, the female student slowed down, and Shirone had no choice but to shorten the jump distance.

=======================================
[36] Bridge I Can't Cross (3)





'sorry. We have to make a living too.'

The male student closed his eyes tightly and cast a teleportation towards Shirone.

In the event of a collision, fatal injuries are unavoidable.

"Keugh!"

A groan escaped from fear, but I didn't feel the shock I was prepared for.

When I opened my eyes, Shirone was still beside me.

'I changed direction.'

Avoiding would be better than committing suicide, but since I lost money on the street, victory seemed to be over the water.

The girls and boys crashed down with satisfied expressions, and Mark took the lead from Shirone.

'this... ... !'

Shirone, whose compulsion to repeat had stopped due to the evasion earlier, gritted her teeth and focused her mind to raise the tempo of her teleportation.

"Wasn't those kids moving a little weird just now?"

A word came from the advanced class students.

"I felt that way too. Maybe it got tangled up overdoing it? I really wouldn't have tried to bump into you."

"No, I bumped into her on purpose."

The students of Class Five looked back.

The main character with a voice as thin as metal was Class Five's Mercody Iruki.

She was the person who had given advice to Shirone at the Image Zone before, and had a skinny body with paired eyes and jagged teeth.

"How can you be sure of that? In this case, you have a heart attack, but you don't know unless you are the person involved."

Iruki, who spread his palms, said as he raised his fist.

"One person blocks the road and hits it from the side. It's a great strategy to block the immediacy of teleportation and space jump, both at the same time. If Shirone hadn't dodged it, the match would have ended here. Of course, if it were me, I would have been able to calculate the equations of motion and get out of the way at the last minute."

The classmates turned their heads back toward the exam hall.

'He pretends to be filthy and proud.'

Meanwhile, Shirone, who had a gap with Mark, began to get nervous little by little.

The remaining distance is 350 meters.

By the time halfway through, all participants had been eliminated except for Shirone and Mark.

'Win! I won!'

The moment he was sure of winning first place, Mark shuddered.

There was no one in front of him, and he didn't even feel tired even after casting teleportation close to 40 times.

'Today I am different from usual. I'm the one who passed!'

The high-speed promotion of Class Five, the envious faces of class 6 seniors, and the humiliation of Class 6 seniors flashed through his mind.

"ha ha ha! I am number one!"

As Mark accelerated the speed of teleportation, the distance with Shirone began to widen.

'then... ... .'

As the Shirone's rhythm suddenly sped up, the teleportation's gong sound resonated like drumming.

The excitement of the students was at its peak.

"Shirone is starting to catch up! This is where we fight!"

"Mark! more! sooner! More, more, more!"

At that time, a strange change was detected in Mark's eyes.

The iron bars of the bridge that could not be crossed were bent geometrically and began to approach at tremendous speed.

If the tip of the toe is caught, fractures are the norm, and a fall cannot be avoided because the center of gravity is broken.



-warning. warning. Activates the trachea of ??the impassable bridge. Level 10. Level 10.



The students in the advanced class were frightened.

"Level 10?"

The highest difficulty of the bridge that cannot be crossed.

It was the first time that even the top class of the advanced class had an iron bar bent in such a hideous form.

"How the hell did this happen! All of a sudden, the engine unit starts working!"

Teachers are confused.

It was not enough that the safety device was turned off, and the trap of the highest difficulty was activated.

"What is Mr. Sade doing! You went to the engine room!"

"Principal, what should I do? The promotion test is... ... ."

Alpheas clicked his tongue as he looked at the bent iron bar that was about to attack Shirone and Mark.

I wanted to respect their will as much as possible because I know what kind of resolution the students are facing for the graduation exam, but the story is different when it comes to level 10 of the uncrossable bridge.

'In the first place, there is no discrimination itself. I can't pass with those children's classes.'

Alpheas said bitterly.

"Cancel the test and turn off the engine device."

At the same time as the horse fell, a flash of light soared into the sky of the test site.

It was Shiina who left for the engine room in search of THAAD.



* * *



Meanwhile, Saad, unaware of the situation at the test site, approached the entrance of the engine room, snorting.

"Damn it! Just try to catch someone!"

It was clear that the school's bad boys were playing tricks, since the staff in charge wouldn't disarm the engine device unless they went crazy.

"whoever... ... !"

I screamed and turned the doorknob roughly, but I heard a click and a locked sound from inside.

"You bastard!"

As I opened the spirit zone, I felt someone sitting with my back to me from inside the door.

Said Sade, who lit a fire in his hand.

"open it. I'm going to cast a fire strike. If you don't open it, I'll blow you up too."

"does not matter. No, please do so, sir."

Unexpectedly, it was Maria's voice.

Although she was not her full-time teacher, she was a student who attended school before Sade took office, so there was no misunderstanding.

"Are you Maria? What is this?"

"I'm sorry, sir. Please do not forgive me."

"Open the door. Let's talk face to face first."

"I will be expelled now, right? No, will I go to jail?"

"No, Maria. I don't know what the circumstances are, but the teacher will listen. Open the door first."

"does not matter. I don't want to live. I wish I could just die like this."

THAAD put to rest the blazing fire.

"Sigh. Yeah, if you don't want to come out, don't come out."

Judging by Maria's usual behavior, she was insane, and if that was the case, there would be no use in smashing the door.

Saad sat with his back against the iron gate and looked up at the sky of Alpheas Magic School, which he thought was boring as a child.

Maria's heart calmed down a bit just because she wasn't threatened to come out right away.

"Teacher."

"Why?"

"Do you hate me?"

"I don't hate women."

Basically, he likes women, but what he said now was Saadman's eccentric conviction that had a different weight.

"Why is the world so unfair?"

"haha! Don't you hate being unfair? It is rare to be born as beautiful as you."

"The teacher who is called a genius wizard doesn't know what it is like to have no talent. Even if I want to do well, despair precedes me. I feel like I can't do anything. Do you know how depressing that feels?"

"... ... know."

Maria turned her head toward the iron door.

"Are you a teacher?"

"Since I graduated at the age of 22, it has already been 4 years since I became a teacher. I must have been in the graduating class when you entered the school. You know I'm from here, right?"

"Yes."

"Then think about it. Have you ever heard of a student named Saad attending this school?"

Come to think of it, I didn't remember it at all.

It was unusual to look at the case of Shirone, who went up and down among students as soon as she entered school.

"Nope. I never heard of it."

"I guess so. My grades are below average, I don't have any talent, but I don't have a strong family, and I always went around fighting outside of school."

"Are you a teacher?"

"yes. Every time I skipped a class, I filled up two full years. In my senior year, I knelt down for three years. haha! Of course, things look a little better than you now."

Sade said, imagining Maria's sullen expression.

"But isn't it the same anyway? As long as you can't be the best, everyone is bound to break at some point. So did I. Somehow I made it to my senior year, but I failed every time."

"But how... ... ."

"Are you a good teacher? It's all luck, luck. I said I did my best, but I didn't do it as well as others, and struggling to beat someone is also irritating. But one day, someone said this to me."

Sade said, recalling the time.

"The reason you can't win a competition is not because you can't win, it's because you don't want to win."

Maria muttered the words quietly.

"Maria, you don't have to beat someone. If you like magic, that's it. There are people in this world who don't want to compete with anyone. Just like me."

The 10-year-old girl who entered the school because she liked magic was now in a state of disrepair after 9 years.

"My life has changed since I met him. When you think about it, it's really freaky. To say such things after being a teacher."

"Was he your teacher?"

"yes. My teacher, Principal Alfeas."

Maria's head jerked.

"Yes? Are you the principal?"

"From that day on, I became a formal disciple and received personal guidance. It's a huge perk. Thanks to you, my life has changed. I was taught by a famous wizard on the continent, so wouldn't a guy like me who was like a dog chap live while listening to the sound of a genius? how is it? Are you envious? Life is all about luck, luck. ha ha ha!"

Maria was depressed again.

"So what I want to say is, the world is unfair after all. Some people are born with talent, while others jump into the competition like evil. But even for someone like me who has no talent and hates competition, sometimes miracles happen. Isn't that why everyone lives with hope?"

Saad robbed his seat and got up and turned around.

"A miracle can happen to anyone. It's a waste of time to give up already. How about doing just a little bit more, a little bit more?"

Maria buried her face in her lap.

"Should I, who have no talent, walk my life waiting for a miracle that may or may not come? What if it doesn't come? Then what will happen to me?"

"What are you talking about, Maria?"

Sad put his hand on the iron gate and smiled.

"Like this, a miracle has come to you as well."

Tears welled up in Maria's eyes.

"Let's try again with me. I haven't been on the winning streak like the others, but don't judge yourself already. Maybe I was just really unlucky. Maybe the method was wrong. School classes are not effective for everyone. So can I leave you alone once more? I will definitely make you a wizard."

Maria covered her face with both hands.

"Sir, really? Can I too?"

"you can do it. If magic is everything in your life, you never have to give it up."

There was a rattling sound, and Maria, who opened the lock with puffy eyes, called out hastily.

"Teacher! Quick device... ... . device... ... !"

"yes? Device?"

Even if you jump 700 meters, it won't take that long if it's teleportation magic.

By now, they would be heading towards the end of the test, and judging from the fact that there had been no news so far, it seemed that the promotion test had been completed safely with the skills of the teachers.

At that moment, the flash crashed with a sharp sound as if betraying THAAD's expectations.

"Mr. Sad! What are you doing!"

Shiina's face as she rushed forward with her eyes lit was a mix of anger and urgency.

While trying to grab Sade by the collar, she found Maria and put on a bewildered expression.

"Maria? Why are you here?"

Sade asked.

"why? Is something going on?"

Shiina shouted again.

"Quickly disarm the engine device! The difficulty of the bridge you can't cross has been set to level 10!"

"yes?"

Didn't it just disable the safety device?

Sade remembered Maria's words, realized that it was true, and hurriedly turned to the engine room.

Then, another ray of light crept in.

Ethella, who had flown in through space movement, found Shiina and Sade, and hurriedly ran towards them.

"Teacher! It's a big deal, a big deal!"

Literally, a super-large trap was activated, so Shiina was startled with fear.

"Why are you like that? Even if it's an accident... ... ?"

Ethella shouted with shocked eyes.

"Shirone is... ... Shirone!"

=======================================
[37] Bridge I Can't Cross (4)





* * *



Teachers panicked.

It was the first time in an advanced class that the difficulty of the bridge that couldn't be crossed had risen to level 10.

"Teacher! Me, over there!"

A teacher raised his hand and pointed.

Shirone and Mark were jumping into the center of the iron bars that were entangled in a three-dimensional structure.

"damn! How reckless!"

The judgment of the parties engaged in a close battle was to continue the test as it is.

The persistence in promotion was commendable, but from the teachers' point of view, it was nothing but suicidal.

'It's a huge trap. How do I get out of this?'

Even at the crossroads of life, Shirone was only looking for a way to cross the bridge he couldn't cross.

The structure created by the bending of the iron bar is a 'wave progression method', and it was composed of endless waves like waves.

'If I wait in place, the traps will come endlessly.'

In the end, the key was to break through the wave in the shortest time and somehow get to the other side.

The first wave was a structure where the iron bar was bent and rushed like a whip, and Mark, who easily avoided it, gained his own confidence.

'What if it's like this... ... .'

No matter how difficult the difficulty is, being able to be promoted is a privilege only for 1st place.

'The higher the risk level, the higher the discrimination power. It's a good thing.'

Mark's competitive spirit shone even in this situation.

'no! I'm in trouble!'

On the other hand, Shirone was not calculating the immediate danger, but even the future disaster to come.

According to what I observed at the beginning of the wave, the level 10 obstacle was not a structure that could be escaped by avoiding it every now and then.

If you do not move after analyzing all the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and at least 5th waves, you will end up at a dead end.

"What, what?"

As expected, Mark put on a stunned expression as soon as he avoided the first trap.

A vertical wave was followed by a double horizontal wave, followed by a triple horizontal wave.

Judging from the forward speed of the iron bar, even the slightest misalignment of the timing was enough to break bones.

'no. I can't avoid that.'

Shirone, who was watching the situation from a higher position than the third trap, quickly descended toward Mark, who was in a situation where his back could be broken at any moment.

"Keugh!"

Right before Mark was caught in the trap, the students, imagining a disastrous ending, closed their eyes.

However, no screams were heard, and when they opened their eyes again, Shirone was escaping the trap while holding Mark's waist and linking teleportation.

"Shirone!"

It was great courage to save Mark, but at first glance, I thought it was a reckless choice.

Moreover, it was not strictly tested.

"what? There is a degree to being good."

"Where is that word? It looks like a person is going to die, isn't it natural?"

"Of course? Could you do something like that?"

"This bastard! Why am I out there?"

Even in the middle of the students' battle of words, only Iruki was smiling meaningfully.

'It's not like that, you idiots... ... .'

The trap stretched out to the far end of her field of vision, and Shirone looked at it and felt his heart suffocate.

When the net-shaped net approached, the test started and for the first time, my head went pale.

'How am I supposed to avoid that?'

I felt like a flying insect waiting for a fly swatter when a huge trap measuring up to 20 square meters approached.

"Aww! Sal, save me!"

Mark started to struggle.

Since his courage had already been shattered, it was impossible to regain his senses during the test.

die here

There was no end to the number of traps approaching him, and the shapes were getting more and more bizarre.

"Stay still!"

Shirone rolled her head in search of a breakthrough, but teleportation was helpless in front of a huge barrier with no room to escape.

'No, no. If it was an inescapable trap, I wouldn't have made it in the first place.'

At that moment, a thought flashed through my mind.

'That's it!'

"Aww! We will all die!"

As Mark screamed, Shirone cast teleportation, and Iruki jumped up and shouted.

"That's right!"

Shirone, who chose to move backwards by teleportation, opened the distance faster than the net approached.

I was so obsessed with the idea of ??crossing the bridge that I had forgotten that the back was empty.

'It's as simple as stepping back, getting enough distance, and jumping the whole net.''

Seizing the timing, Shirone ascended in an oblique line, and the outer frame of the net just barely brushed past her toes.

'Once passed. But... ... .'

The difficulty level of level 10 was not easy.

As Shirone raised the altitude, the position of the iron bar rose accordingly, and the next trap was rushing in.

Seriel shouted in frustration.

"Why are you doing such a reckless thing? If Mark drops out, he can be promoted unconditionally."

said Amy.

"I will not make that choice. That's how it is from the beginning."

"I know you are good. But you don't have to. I can't prove it, but Mark did the nasty thing of hiring kids to get in the way."

"Shirone doesn't want to be number one."

It's not about competing to get the numbers others give you.

"I want to pass the promotion exam and become a higher level. If you can't convince yourself, you know that there's no point in trying to get a promotion."

It was Amy who understood Shirone's feelings tenfold, but that made her feel even more regretful.

'But this time I was unlucky. It's too dangerous. It's right to stop this test here.'

At level 10 of the uncrossable bridge, no one can cross it at the level of Class Four.

Although Shirone is still holding on, according to Amy's experience, the difficulty of the traps she passed so far was only about 6 levels.

"Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!"

Mark's eyes, which had been screaming deafeningly, turned white, and eventually passed out with crab foam.

On the other hand, Shirone's spirit became sharper.

At some point, when they passed through the trap, forgetting about their existence, the teachers who stamped their feet and the students who used to make a fuss now kept silent.

Even Alpheas was in amazement over and over again, and his eyes were taken by Shirone's flamboyant movements.

'Crisis raises potential. But everyone has a limit to their patience. But how?'

Can you still survive?

The currently impassable bridge was racing at a speed of 200 kilometers per hour.

If you are a normal student, it is safe to lose consciousness due to being overwhelmed by speed alone.

Still, Shirone was penetrating between the structures of black iron bars, flashing like lightning.

'From the beginning, there was no limit?'

The reason why we cannot rise endlessly even if we ride the upward trend is because there comes a moment when everyone is satisfied with themselves.

It was the same with magic.

Is the reason why not all wizards become the best, is it just a matter of skill or talent?

The limit of a vessel that is satisfied with itself when it reaches a certain level was an irresistible barrier that could not help but act on human psychology.

'Shirone, are you dreaming of infinity with a human body?'

It seems that the bowl does not exist in the first place.

Since there is no standard for satisfaction, the mind is coping with the endless difficulty.

Shirone, who must be in a trance, probably won't remember this moment.

However, Etella, the youngest bishop of the Carsis Monastery, seemed to never forget Shirone's dance she watched today.

'We are endlessly searching for an exit close to infinity in real time.'

What kind of mind would that be possible?

'It's a mental strength that can be maintained even in the state of a great monk.'

The structure was now going through complicated stages and twisted to the point where it felt grotesque.

It was a trap of chaos in which the rules themselves were not felt.

'I have to break it into smaller pieces.'

As the wave shortened to the point where it was inevitable to move within 1 meter, Shirone's jumping distance also decreased.

Unless you can avoid one and calculate the next, you have to analyze and dive into everything from the beginning.

left and right left and right... ... .

Shirone imprinted the traps flying in the form of a ring into her eyes and came up with a pattern.

When teleportation was cast, the flash moved in a zigzag pattern and penetrated the structure, but this time the same type of trap was pushed vertically.

I didn't even have time to calculate the pattern.

'It has to be more compact!'

Time splintered further, and the flash of teleportation curved downward in a parabolic arc.

With the students as well as the teachers opening their mouths, Iruki raised his eyes and shouted.

"Rainbow Drop! You're getting there after all!"

A wave-like flash of light penetrated the center of the circle like a loach.

The Rainbow Drop is an advanced technology of teleportation, and it was a magic that was only possible at the level of a major in the senior year.

That's why the students in the advanced class couldn't understand the current situation when the flashlight was bent and escaped the trap.

"Is it really possible? How can teleportation bend? Doesn't light only travel in straight lines?"

Iruki patted his head and said.

"It's a simple principle. Differentiating a circle yields an infinite straight line. It cuts the distance of teleportation to about 1/1000."

"One in a thousand? Can a human do that?"

"Even if it is impossible to calculate, you can sensibly imagine. He's more omnipotent than omnipotent. In a word, you can say that he is a genius with the opposite tendency to me."

The students turned their heads as if ignoring Iruki's words.

'I like genius. On the topic of Class Five.'

Meanwhile, the speed of the bridge that could not be crossed was reaching its maximum.

The afterimage of the steel bar had grown so long that it was impossible to distinguish even the shape of the structure unless the eyes were accustomed to it.

The figure of Shirone escaping from that afterimage surpassed technology and reached the level of art.

Everyone was mesmerized by the sight of the linear trajectory being operated by splitting the light into small pieces.

"I really hope... ... will it work?"

The remaining distance to the arrival point of the impassable bridge was at most 30 meters.

Now, the students put their other thoughts aside and were cheering only for Shirone to pass.

For the first time in the history of magic school, it was a situation where advanced students could master the bridge that they could not cross.

"principal! there!"

Someone pointed a finger at the arrival point of the bridge, and all the teachers watching there turned pale.

At last, what was to come had to come.

From the point of arrival, the iron rods began to twist like hair on fire, creating a huge three-dimensional structure.

"It's a dragon's labyrinth! That can't be! Disarm the device quickly!"

The dragon's labyrinth is a trap that appears only once in level 10, and was named because the finished shape resembles a dragon's face.

The exterior is similar, but the internal structure is different each time it is made, and the length of the iron rod used to rescue the trap reached a whopping 600 meters.

It was a terrifying trap that would be swallowed up by a dragon and ruined if the iron bars were not twisted in advance and an escape pattern was discovered.

Even in the eyes of Shirone, who was concentrating to the limit, it was unusual to see the bar twisting.

As I forgot to blink and kept the structure's pattern in my head, I felt a jolt in my side.

"Aww! what! Save people!"

When Mark regained consciousness and discovered the trap that had grown in size beyond time, he let out a tear-jerking scream.

In his eyes, rather than passing through the traps step by step, it was a feast of traps that ran so fast that he didn't even bother to analyze them.

'come!'

Even under such circumstances, the dragon's labyrinth was rushing with its mouth open at the highest speed ever.

=======================================
[38] The Bridge I Can't Cross (5)





It took about a second to arrive, and this time, even Shirone had no choice but to lose his heart.

'I can't give up!'

As electrical impulses hit her brain, Shirone reset the Spirit Zone, which had been shaken by Mark's screams.

This is 1/10th of a second.

Shirone thought. Are you relaxed?

However, while I could imagine dividing one second by 10, it was impossible to feel 0.1 seconds ten times.

Therefore, there was only one way, to continue splitting.

1/100th of a second.

I reconstructed the process of creating the dragon maze in my head.

The overall shape is a heptagonal star. There are 6 crossroads.

1/1000th of a second.

After retracing the shape of the maze, he found a way out.

You must cast at least nine teleports in a row to escape.

'no! Impossible with Mark!'

If there was no room for the two to escape, they had no choice but to find another route.

At that moment, the dragon's labyrinth swallowed Shirone.

The male students turned their heads away, and the female students screamed as they recalled the terrible ending.

Seriel's scream was the loudest.

Puff puff puff puff!

The sound of the blast blasting through the narrow space sounded like the screams of Shirone and Mark.

And finally the sound went away.

1/10,000th of a second.

In a time that is far too vague to savor with insight, Shirone once again analyzed all the patterns and found a way out.

The flash of teleportation escaped the dragon's labyrinth, and the shining Shirone crossed the finish line and landed.

"haha."

Shirone put down the mark and took a few more steps before dropping to her knees.

No one made a sound, and the students were looking at Shirone with terrified eyes as if they were seeing a ghost.

Etela casts a spatial movement toward Shiina, who left in search of Sade, and shortly thereafter, the engine device turns off and Echo's voice is heard.



-Release the tracheal device of the bridge that cannot be crossed. level zero. level zero.



The moving speed of the iron bar slowed down and the structure that had grown like a vine began to return to its original shape as a bridge that could not be crossed.

"What, what... ... ."

The students felt one thing.

"Is this really possible?"

"Nonsense. I was level 10. It also passed through the dragon's maze."

Shirone, who had been sitting on the ground at the sound of students' murmurs, finally came to his senses and looked around.

'what? Why are you looking at me?'

The memories were empty in the middle, but it was an unchanging fact that they crossed the bridge that could not be crossed.

It was only then that the reality was sorted out in her head, and Shirone's face turned into a tearful look.

"Huh, I thought you were really going to die."

It was a remark so tasteless that it was futile to see it coming from the mouth of a person who wrote a new history.

But Seriel knew that this was Shirone before she jumped off the cliff.

"Amy! Shirone did it! Your boyfriend did it!"

It would have been nice if the word "boyfriend" was omitted, but seeing Seriel shed tears and being happy, Amy let it go this time.

Students approached as if competing and talked to Shirone.

"Congratulations! You were so cool!"

"So, are you going to be promoted to Class Five now? ha ha ha! The Class Six kids must be a little sore, right?"

While Shirone was celebrating, the teachers and Maria, who had gone to the engine room, arrived by teleportation.

Shiina looked from Shirone.

Surrounded by students, he was unconscious, but appeared to be unscathed.

'Have you passed the dragon's maze? How did you do it? It's a level of difficulty that even the seniors practice dozens of times.'

When I gave a glare to the person who made me miss the historical scene, Sade shrugged and made an excuse.

"You know, or I don't know, but I did my best in my own way."

Shiina sighed and walked towards Alpheas.

There was no way that would be the case, but if Shirone and Mark entered at the same time, announcing the results would certainly not have been an afterword.

"Principal, the announcement of the successful applicants... ... ."

Alpheas, who had been blinking, made a face that came to his senses and spoke to the students with a benevolent smile.

"The passer of the early promotion test is Ariane Shirone. I will promote Shirone to Class 5. However, I am proud of all the students who participated in the test. The courage you showed today will be the driving force to lead Alpheas Magic School in the future. I hope that you will work hard and achieve good results."

The applause that started with the seniors continued to the juniors.

No one was dissatisfied with Shirone's early promotion anymore, and even Mark, who had a direct confrontation, had to admit it.

'There really is such a thing as a genius.'

The situation in which he cast teleportation at tremendous speed in the dragon's maze was still clearly embedded in his mind.

It wasn't a matter of talent.

In an impossible situation, someone gets frustrated and retreats, but there are people who have no choice but to overcome it.

'There's not even room for an excuse like this.'

Mark walked over to Shirone with wobbly legs.

Most of the students expected that there was some kind of agreement in this test, but Mark admitted defeat in front of everyone as if he had already made up his mind.

"Sir, I lost. It was a great fight and I learned so much! I wish you all the best in the future!"

Since Alpheas's approval had fallen, from now on he should be called senpai.

"Yes, I had a hard time today. I will work hard too."

Amy, who was looking at this with satisfaction, turned around and spoke to Seriel.

"Let's go downstairs."

"uh? why go already? You should be with a lover on a day like today."

"I don't have time for that. Shirone did it, now it's my turn. I have to prepare for the promotion exam too."

"It's really okay, can we go like this?"

Amy wasn't slowing down either, but it seemed like something had to be done right away to calm her excitement.

"Amy."

When Shirone called, Amy shook her shoulders and turned around.

As the two faced each other, the students around them muttered blankly.

"Did you just call my name?"

"of course. Are you dating?"

"Anyway, it's senior Amy... ... ."

Amy, who had never missed first place, was more than a senior to her juniors.

As much as I was evaluated as being able to play an active part even if I entered the senior class right now, the current situation was surprising.

Shirone smiled, pointing two fingers at Amy, not paying attention to the reaction of the people around her.

"Now there are two steps left."

"haha... ... ."

The corners of Amy's raised lips quivered.

If she had passed the senior class promotion test, the gap with Shirone was now two steps.

"Let's go, Seriel."

"yes? uh, okay."

As Amy turned away, Seriel hurriedly followed her down the mountain.

Except for Class 7, the other advanced class students also scattered one by one, and then Sade approached Alfeas.

"Principal, I have something to tell you about Maria."

THAAD reported everything that happened in the engine room.

"I did. How could I make such a mistake... ... ."

As Alpheas muttered with a sad expression on his face, Maria approached and bowed deeply.

"sorry. I made an irreparable mistake. Whatever the punishment, I will gladly accept it."

"Hmm, for now... ... ."

Then Mark intervened.

"I have a confession to make. Everything that happened today happened because of me."

Where the teachers' eyes turned, Mark was standing with a crooked expression on his face.

"What do you mean, because of you?"

"Actually, I scratched Maria a lot this morning. In fact, if I had heard such a thing, the top would have turned. So, I will take the punishment. Because it is the cause."

Shiina said.

"Even if it is, there is a problem with Maria's behavior. And why are you talking like that? It's something she could have overlooked."

"I'm not a nice guy, but I'm not a nerd enough to do things without being prepared to take responsibility. All the kids know anyway, so it's embarrassing to keep your mouth shut. Incidentally, I was the one who came up with the strategy to keep Shirone-senpai in check."

Mark lived with the thought that winning in any situation would be enough, but there was something I realized through this fight with Shirone.

'Overwhelm with skills.'

Putting aside miscellaneous thoughts and only overcoming the obstacles in front of them to achieve victory, it was a shock so strong that it shook the way of thinking that had been forming the mark until now.

"Anyway, it happened. I will gladly accept any punishment given to me, but please take care of the other kids. Especially Maria... ... ."

Mark glanced at Maria and said.

"I must have been under a lot of stress. Every day, the kids bullied each other because they were small. Would you do this without going crazy?"

Alpheas also thought deeply about Maria.

Although his grades weren't good, he was an aspiring wizard who had been training silently for a longer period of time than anyone else in the school.

I couldn't help but see myself in my younger days in the face of committing an irreversible mistake and being in danger of being expelled.

'Master... ... .'

Sade, who knew Alpheas' past, looked at him with a sorrowful heart.

The light of the Mirhi family.

It was light magic that Alpheas first made his name known.

It has become an outdated theory now, but at the time, it even won the Gold Circle Award given by the king for its novel idea.

However, his brilliant talent plunged young Alfeas into a pit of confusion.

What if I hadn't wandered in the dark for 10 years because of a moment's wrong judgment?

Perhaps Alpheas would become a great wizard whose name would be engraved in history.

"I will refer both of you to the disciplinary committee. Maria is guilty of sabotaging the exam by illegally activating her organ device. She also poses an unnecessary risk. However, as much as Mark provided the cause, she will take the punishment into account."

As Maria and Mark bowed their heads, the students in Class 7 began to raise their hands one by one.

"Sir, I bullied Maria. Then isn't it my responsibility too?"

"I joined the operation team and attacked Shirone-senpai."

The fact that all of Class 7 raised their hands means that this Maria incident was caused by the problem of the whole class.

It was a matter that would come up anyway, but the courage to voluntarily confess a crime could be said to be like a wizard.

"Then I will punish everyone. Let everyone go back and await the verdict."

"How is Maria?"

"It will be reflected in the disciplinary committee. The whole class will be punished, and Mary alone will not bear all her sins."

It wasn't a definite answer, but it had a lot of weight because it was the principal's words, not someone else.

Shiina asked.

"Isn't that a very dangerous statement? I don't know yet how the punishment will be given."

"We are teachers. A person who guides students correctly, not a judge who judges. Those children are the disciples we are to teach and nurture."

Maria could not hold back and burst into tears.

"thank you. sorry."

A smile spread across Saad's lips as he watched the scene.

'That's great, Maria.'

Perhaps this situation was a miraculous opportunity that would never come again in Maria's life.

Just like Sade when he met Alfeas.

'The world is lucky... ... If I give up, I can't even get that luck.'

If Maria hadn't really loved magic, would she have been able to last that long in Class 7?

Even though it is an unfair world, Sade thought it was worth living for that reason.

If you really earnestly dream and persevere, opportunities will come to anyone.

=======================================
[39] Another Genius (1)





Shirone has been promoted to Class Five.

It was fortunate that Shiina, who knew the unique way of studying called the backbone of knowledge, became a dedicated teacher.

Because the class rose two steps at once, there were times when I couldn't keep up with the progress, but Shirone stuck to the old way to the end.

The advanced class takes an exam once a week, and at the end of the month there is a final exam to determine the rank for the month, and Shirone scored 40th out of 40 in the first exam.

There were a total of 11 subjects, and the average score was only 32 points.

However, it is noteworthy that the scores for each subject were evenly distributed between 30 and 33 points.

The average score on the second theory test was 34 points.

'An increase of 2 points on average may seem insignificant. But... ... .'

Scores in all subjects rose at the same time.

The third test was similar, this time with a steeper upward trend, with all subject scores distributed between 36 and 39 points.

'The whole thing is going up at once.'

Looking at Shirone's overall upward grade graph, I could feel his will.

'thank god. Staying in the bottom ranks for a long time can lead to a loss of confidence.'

In the graph, there was no such anxiety visible, and he was walking on his own path in silence.

'Theory exams are important. Because it's one of the main criteria for evaluating a battery.'

Teachers consider a score of 60 or higher as the minimum standard for mastering magic.

'Assuming that you raise 10 points per month, you will be able to use basic magic after three months. If so... ... .'

In less than half a year, he could use almost the basics of magic.

Of course, since humans are not machines, there will be differences in aptitude depending on their inclinations, and the gap will widen as they get higher scores.

However, looking at the graph now, I felt a strange anticipation that it might be possible.

How far can you raise your score without missing a single subject?

The result would determine how much Shirone's potential was.

'My friendships are smooth.'

There was no student who ignored Shirone because of low grades.

When they reach class five, the students' ground assignments are set to the graduating class, not the immediate rank.

Countries around the world are not sparing money to maintain the highest level of magic system, and in such a situation, the important thing for students is to differentiate themselves from other wizards by specializing in their major.

Therefore, students who did not yet have any special skills were envious of Shirone, who was a light specialist.

'Even if I think about it, the photon series seems to fit well.'

Above all, the photon series was a field in which omnipotence had a greater effect than batteries.

Of course, the battery side has also built a fairly advanced theory, but there is a limit to the human mind in order to use the properties of light.

In fact, if Shirone had not felt the articulation of time with insight, he would not have been able to complete the uncrossable bridge.

For this reason, classmates could not ignore Shirone, and juniors often greeted her during integrated classes.

Ironically, among the juniors, the student who followed Shirone the most was Mark, who returned after being disciplined.

"Senior, please sit here. I took your place."

"Yeah, thank you."

As the captain of Class 7, Mark felt proud of being able to get along with Shirone.

"oh! Were you here? Will there be a place for me?"

"Ugh! Hello, senior!

Mark jumped up and greeted Seriel.

Seriel was someone who was at the top of Class Four, so he was an untouchable great senior.

Seriel, who waved her hand as if she didn't care, clung to her as soon as she sat next to Shirone.

"My Shirone, you don't seem to have any energy these days. Well, is it natural that your lover left?"

"haha! It's not like that."

A week ago, Amy took the promotion test and was finally promoted to her senior year.

According to Seriel, she passed easily, but it was clear that she had trained her teeth thoroughly without even looking at them.

"You must be lonely more than me. She used to go out with Amy all the time."

"So what. But it's okay. I'm thinking of entering my senior year soon too."

"Yes? Are you in your senior year?"

Seriel had enough qualifications.

There are many talented people in Class Four, but she was also a talent that stood out in recovery magic.

Besides, the senior class was a class that only focused on their major, so recovery magic with high discrimination would have many advantages.

"It's not a place to go with friends, but... ... Like Amy, I was inspired by you. Originally, it was my dream to go to a health center and live a rough life, but for some reason I thought it was a waste to end it like this."

Hearing from Jaein, whom the school admits, that becoming a public health center worker is a dream brings Mark to tears.

"If you say something like that, what will happen to me?"

"Whoops, don't worry too much. I didn't come this far because I'm good at something. Anyone can rise to Class Four if they work hard. Shirone is a special case."

Shirone hurriedly shook her hand.

"No. I'm actually pretty lucky too. The promotion test wasn't a regular course last time, either."

"Because there is nothing to lose. I bet you will be entering your senior year sooner or later. Although Amy is determined that she will never be a senior classmate. Fufu, try your best anyway."

'Graduation class motive is absolutely impossible.'

It was an Amy-like remark, and as I imagined her working hard on training while grinding her teeth, my body heated up.

"hit. Come to think of it, did Amy decide on her major?"

"what? You mean you still didn't know? I've thought about it for a long time, but you guys are really dating."

"It is like that."

As Shirone smiled and evaded it, Seriel put her chin on her chin and thought.

"Hmm, Emiya's main specialty is fire magic, and her fire method is specialized for the target type. From what I heard the other day, they seem to be targeting snipers."

Most fire mages aim to be combat mages, but snipers were quite a unique field.

"If you're a sniper, don't you become a soldier?"

Seriel, who read Shirone's feelings, smiled bitterly.

"I can't. I also think it's a bit strange for Amy to be a soldier, but it's normal for her to choose her profession for her talent. Besides, Amy is Karmis from the first-class family. She'll have to do something for her family's honor."

Shirone was worried.

"But it is dangerous. If necessary, go to the battlefield and harm people."

"It may be so, but when a war breaks out, majors don't matter at all. Anyone with a wizard job would be put on the battlefield without exception. The magic academy will also become a training center for future wizards according to the kingdom's orders. From then on, it's graduation and nothing else. After receiving basic military training, it is unconditional commitment."

It was a bitter truth that was hard to swallow.

"That's why it's a special purpose school. Even if a death occurs during education, half of the responsibility lies with the student."

"To put it bluntly, we are also parts of the kingdom after all. Rather, the more talented people like Amy are, the stronger the war deterrence is."

"It is, but... ... ."

Tormia is a powerful country in its own way, but being a soldier was not a safe job because peace could not always be maintained.

Diplomatic frictions could lead to war with other countries, and if an alliance kingdom requested support, Amy had to go to the forefront and fight.

The belligerent Mark didn't take it seriously and was interested in the other side.

"If you imagine that senior Amy will become an officer, she must be very popular in the unit. To be honest, her senior's cute looks and her soldiers don't match."

"Ho-ho-ho! That's because you don't know Amy's personality. I think it would fit rather well, right? And Shirone, don't worry too much. Wizards don't use swords on the battlefield anyway, and snipers tend to focus on espionage warfare anyway. It's cool when you think about it, right? Beauty spy agent Amy."

"Haha, that's it too."

Shirone stopped thinking there.

It's true that I'm worried, but I wonder if a gifted child who has never missed first place in school made this decision on her own.

It occurred to me that worrying excessively about the decision made by the person concerned would rather undermine Amy's self-esteem.

After the theory class, when it was time to practice Spirit Zone in earnest, the students rose from their seats.

Since the practice is supposed to train with the same class, Shirone also parted ways with Mark and Seriel and headed to the place where the students of Class Five were gathered.

Class Five was the class with the largest number of people of the same age in the advanced class, and Shirone's age was exactly included in the average cutoff.

Although rivalry flares up during exams, it was also a class where you could forget the competition and laugh and talk.

Thanks to this, Shirone was also able to train Spirit Zone while paying less attention than other classes.

My classmates talked without hesitation when necessary, and when I felt a little bored, I went to other friends and chatted.

"Shirone, today it is burning brightly. If it's okay, let's do it together."

Nade from Class 5 came to talk to me.

A mischievous face with waving light green hair.

He was a broad-minded boy with a cheerful personality and good sociability as well as his appearance, so he couldn't see anyone being left out of the group.

Whether magic resembles his personality, his grades were exceptionally good at, and there were no subjects he was bad at.

The only unique thing was that he could use electricity magic, which was quite rare among the various magic systems.

'Electricity... ... . It's similar to light, but it's another field.'

The importance of omnipotence and omnipotence is classified differently depending on which attributes one learns.

For example, if light magic is omnipotent rather than omnipotent, ice magic is dependent on battery capacity.

In that way, electric magic was an impossible field unless battery and omnipotence were balanced in a 5:5 ratio.

'Perhaps this also resembles a personality.'

At first, Shirone thought so, but when he came up to Class 5 and listened to the story, there was a different inside story.

Nade's dream is to become a magic engineer, not a wizard.

Since he was a child, his understanding of electricity and omnipotence naturally increased thanks to his steady handling of electricity, and thanks to that, he had no problems using electric magic even after entering magic school.

"Okay, let's do it together. Then four ways... ... ."

"By the way, senior Amy, what would your personality be like if you met her in person? Just a feminine personality?"

After Shirone gave permission, Nade put off practice and immediately brought up a topic for conversation.

'I knew it would be like this.'

He was a friend who had a knack for bringing people together, and if there was even a small story, the students would find him unconditionally.

As if to prove it, two students from Class Five walked towards us while arguing.

"Oh really! Because that's not it! Why the hell can't you understand what I'm saying?"

"So I'm telling you! That's not what's really important! I've felt it for a long time, but it's a really strange personality."

Seeing the two of them point at each other as they approached, Shirone put on a dazed expression.

Judging by the rising voice, I wondered if they were having an in-depth discussion about magic.

"Oh! That's great! Sironade, listen to me."

The students of Class 5 called Shirone and Nade together when they were together, and as soon as they arrived, they pointed at themselves and confided.

=======================================
[40] Another Genius (2)





"Which do you prefer, Etella-sensei or Shiina-sensei? Ah, Shirone doesn't care because Amy-senpai is there? Nade, how are you?"

"Hmm. My taste is Miss Etella. Of course, Shiina-sensei is fine too."

"Oh oh! comrade After all, Teacher Ethella is the best. Her face is young and her body is amazing. Especially her breasts... ... Ugh."

Ethella was charming. Her large glasses made her look fierce, and her waist-length hair was loosely tied up, but she was a beauty nonetheless. In particular, her voluptuous volume, as if her body had grown from the face of a young child, was the number one priority that students were enthusiastic about.

The children, who had been arguing, suddenly stopped talking, finished the conversation, and walked away. Thinking it strange, Shirone interrupted her spirit zone and turned her head away.

A grotesque-looking boy was walking. It was Iruki, the eccentric Mercodyne of Class Five. Because of his direct personality, his classmates shun him, but his friend Nade is different.

"Howdy. Iruki. Are you here to practice?"

"no. patrolling the territory. What are you talking about so much fun?"

"It's just the same. Which of the teachers is better, or something like that."

Nade suddenly realized and looked back at Shirone.

"Ah, Shirone! Is this your first time talking? It's a guy named Iruki. An outsider of Class Five."

It's been a month since he was promoted to Class 5, but it was the first time he met Iruki. It wasn't that I intentionally avoided it, it was because I skipped more days than attended classes.

"Ohh! Ariane Shirone. Aren't you a genius that schools pay attention to? I'm so honored that I should write it down in my diary."

Shirone could see why the children kept away from him. He had a look that analyzed people, and a twisted feeling came out even in the way he spoke.

"hi? i am syron Good luck in the future."

"Geuk, what is the genius asking for? I've been watching you since Class Seven. It's the same when you succeed in breaking away, and when you cross a bridge you can't cross."

"yes? You said you were watching me?"

Shirone realized at that moment. A voice as thin as scratching iron. It was the voice that gave advice when the Spirit Zone was shaken by the children's criticism.

"Then was it you who told me then?"

"I said something because I was frustrated. I didn't like being swayed by children."

Iruki waved his hand as if it were annoying, but from Shirone's point of view, it was something he was grateful for. Had it not been for his advice, he would have had a much harder time coming out of his slump.

"thanks. It really helped me a lot."

Iruki stared at Shirone.

"Are you a very boring kid?"

"yes? Not funny?"

It's the first time I've heard it in my life, and it made me feel strangely bad. Then Nade, with his extraordinary flair, turned her mood around.

"Hey, hey! Iruki. But it's rude to say that to someone who says thank you."

Iruki shrugged and turned around.

"yes? It was a compliment. try your best anyway Of course, it won't go smoothly. There are a lot of bad guys in Class Five. Kick kick kick."

Nade shouted at Iruki's back as he walked away.

"Hey, where are you going? Let's practice together."

"bothered. Go to sleep."

Shirone opened her mouth as if it were absurd. She says class is annoying and she sleeps. Class Five was located at the top of the advanced class. I couldn't understand how a child like that could have come this far.

"little... ... You seem to have a strange personality."

"I'm sorry, Shirone. When you get to know him, he's not that bad."

"But... ... ."

"haha! I know what you're thinking. Just digging in will only make us tired. That guy is a genius too. It's a problem because he's a different type of genius than you."

"genius? Is Iruki a genius?"

"Aha! You don't know because you haven't been in school for a while."

Nade told me about a person named Iruki. Contrary to the word genius, his grades were similar to Nade's. But none of his classmates looked down on him for his skills.

Iruki was the epitome of a lopsided human being. In subjects such as literature and art that depend on emotion, he undoubtedly gets a perfect score, but in subjects that require computational ability, he was a genius who got a perfect score even with his eyes closed.

At first, the teachers also had their eyes on Iruki's talent, and everyone tried to be in charge. However, the personality was so naive that most of them had given up now.

Nevertheless, in the field of mathematics, as it is said that he surpassed even graduates, many teachers made observations that he would leave Class Five sooner or later.

Iruki's field of specialization was computational physics, which is only possible for people with special brain functions.

In the academic world, those with brains capable of such calculations are called 'Savant Syndrome'. Usually, it is expressed in autistic children, but savant syndrome also appears in normal people.

The cause is not clear, but the prevailing opinion is that a unique thinking circuit different from that of humans was opened in the process of natural healing after a specific part of the brain was damaged during the fetal period.

Insight also has a similar aspect in that it uses a different thinking circuit than thinking, but Iruki's Servant Syndrome is different in terms of mechanical calculation.

Iruki can derive the date 40,000 years from today in one minute. Also, if you didn't sleep, it was possible to recite the decimal number of the pi for the rest of your life.

After hearing Nade's explanation, Shirone opened his mouth in a daze. Really, if that was possible, it was a great talent.

"Why is such a person still staying in Class Five? No, no matter how you say it, does it make sense to be a bakery? Even if you take a picture, you will get some questions right."

"Quack. I mean, it's always been this way. As for what happened a month ago... ... ."

Nade told an anecdote about when Iruki took the theory test. As expected, he got a perfect score in the natural sciences, but the problem was that he was annoyed by the teachers in the literature test.

It was a problem that part of the poem <Life is Falling Leaves> by poet Gilberto was extracted.

When asked to answer the reason why the leaves fell in staggered lines in the last line of the poem, 'Falling leaves falling in staggered lines', most of the students submitted their opinions in such a way as to express fear of death.

But Iruki's answer was this.



- Since the speed of the fluid (here, gas) flowing on the surface of the leaf is affected by different air resistance, the sum of the force vectors acting on the pressure moves in the direction where it is greater.

The equations using the standard model of fallen leaves are attached below.

It was a strange formula that I couldn't even understand below. Teachers who knew Iruki's personality thought it was so and passed it off, but his literature teacher, Adelia, could not tolerate it.

A mother of three, she ran to the lecture hall with her plump body. She then put her test paper down in front of Iruki, who was waiting for her class, demanding her explanation.

"Iruki! What is it?"

"It's a test."

"Not that! Look at the answer you wrote! This is a literature test, not a math test!"

"Isn't the very distinction between mathematics and literature proving the fiction of literature?"

Adelia's chubby face turned red like a whole roast.

"What do you think you know? you are a student It's still a few years too early to act like a major! There are deep and subtle ideas that you cannot grasp mathematically."

"Sir, there is no such thing. If some parts of the world are illogical, then how do we live in fear? My body might turn into an orc right now."

"So you mean everything is logical? Even poet Gilberto's verses?"

"Sure. That's why I wrote the answer."

Adelia cheered for a while, then pointed and shouted.

"Then answer me. A thousand innocent people are at risk of death. But you have the power to save everyone by killing one other innocent person. What will you choose?"

"Kill a thousand people. A thousand lives is a proof, and one life is a hypothesis. It is a formula that cannot be equalized from the beginning."

Adelia superhumanly suppressed the resentment rising up in her belly. If it came out this way, she had an idea for her too.

"Is there a God or not? Answer me!"

"It may not be."

Adelia became even more venomous.

"Which do you like more, mom or dad? Just answer me!"

"Mom, Dad."

"get out."

Adelia's fingertips trembled as she pointed to the classroom door.

"Get out, you son of a bitch! You don't even deserve to be in my class! get out!"

At Adelia's suggestion, a faculty meeting was held. In the end, the teachers, who judged that Iruki's problem solving was mixed with mockery of the teaching authority, gave all the scores for humanities subjects as a bread mark.



"wow! It's really no joke."

Upon hearing the anecdote of Iruki, Shirone couldn't believe that he was an 18-year-old student like him.

It was a great pulpit to push through one's thoughts as a student, as well as to have a temper to attack teachers.

"haha! Because it is. Anyway, that's his personality. He's really hard to get along with."

"Once I heard it, I can understand why you said it wasn't interesting to me if you had that kind of personality. But why did you say that was a compliment?"

"I don't know what. I may have seen something extraordinary in you that is different from others. So I deliberately introduced myself. Maybe I could get along with you."

Shirone became curious about a boy named Iruki. Had he known it would be like this, he would have tried to speak a little more. While looking for Iruki with such thoughts, Shirone opened his eyes in surprise.

"uh? Nade, look over there."

Iruki was facing the image zone with a sleepy face. As he approached, the children backed off on their own. Rather than avoiding people because they didn't like them, it was rather an atmosphere of giving up their seats.

"Damn it! What's that kid thinking? Let's go."

Shirone ran to the Image Zone following Nade. In addition to the two, students were gathering one by one.

"Why is that child like that again? Aren't you going to take off your clothes and lie down like before?"

Shirone's eyes widened at someone's words. There are female students, but taking off their clothes.

Contrary to concerns, Iruki opened the spirit zone normally. A sphere 15 meters in diameter. It was on the small side for a class five.

But the problem wasn't size. Among the four ways, the most difficult breakaway type was used freely.

"Hiya! Son of Iruki, haven't you been doing it in a while?"

"Isn't it supposed to dry? Teacher Etella forbade us from using the Image Zone."

"Leave it alone. Are you the one who heard that it was dry?"

The sphere shrunk to a smaller size was wandering around in an incredibly wide radius. Iruki met Shirone's eyes. And as he snapped his fingers, his target came up and spun around him.

The students sighed and touched their foreheads. Raising the target was prohibited unless permission was obtained. But that thought was short-lived and I was mesmerized by the demonstration that followed.

"wow... ... ."

Iruki's zone tracked down the target. His movements were free, as if he had lost his mind from the beginning. Even the speed was overwhelming, so I heard the hallucination of howling wind every time the sphere cut through the air.

"uh? Iruki! What are you doing!"

Etella, who was instructing Class Four, ran out in a huff with an absurd expression. However, Iruki did not stop the demonstration as if he was determined. In the center of the spirit zone that swallowed the target, small lights bubbled like bubbles.

"Atomic Spring."

"That madman!"

The moment the children twisted their backs outside, an explosion powerful enough to push a person away exploded. The roar he heard for the first time in his life made Shirone dizzy. All the students who were standing were knocked on the buttocks.

Shirone looked back with a pale expression. Iruki was looking at him with his hands behind his back.

"See you later, Shirone."

=======================================
[41] Another Genius (3)





I could tell what he meant by seeing you next time by the fact that after a while Ethella caught her by the ear and dragged her down.

"Iruki! I said you will be punished if you do it one more time!"

"Ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyous! I adjusted the device so it wouldn't break. You know, what happens if I make up my mind and explode."

"This does not reflect! You're on probation for a week from today! Don't come to class!"

"Ahh! That is too harsh!"

Iruki cried, but didn't say he was wrong until the end. Rather, he looked back at Shirone and Nade and even laughed.

"Sigh! You end up committing it again. Shirone, sorry. I must go."

Nade left first. Shirone was seized with a strong feeling and did not even know he had left. A lot of words were coming out, probably the same as other students.

"Isn't that kid amazing? The detonation reaction seems to happen faster than before. The explosive power is similar."

"Anyway, since it's Servant Syndrome, the reaction formula must be calculated like crazy."

Shirone intervened.

"You mean a reaction that causes an explosion?"

"yes. I don't know much about detonation magic, but they say that the power of the explosion varies depending on how the reaction formula is calculated. It must be a similar concept to Ignite, the basis of fire magic."

"I see. With that level of explosive power, you don't even need to learn fire magic."

"no. It's used differently from fire magic. First of all, fire magic is activated immediately. If Iruki's firepower is strong, it will take quite a while to detonate. Well, reducing that reaction time is the detonation mage's homework, but I mean."

If Shirone's insight was specialized in teleportation, detonation magic was perfect for Iruki's superhuman calculation ability.

In particular, the advantage of detonation magic was that it could cause a bigger explosion than Spirit Zone. This is because magic only detonates, and the explosion itself is the result. In the end, it was a magic optimized for breakaway types, where the zone gets smaller as the distance increases.

'Mercodyne Iruki... ... .'

As for the first impression, it was definitely as intense as an explosion.



* * *



I entered Class Five and took my first end-of-month evaluation.

Shirone's average score is 41 points. It was still in the bottom ranks, but it raised 10 points in all subjects within a month.

When class was over, the students stretched and tidied up their desks. There were some children who went to the school cafeteria to fill their hungry stomachs, but most of them went to the study group in pairs.

Shirone, who doesn't have a study group, was going to stop by the library. The average score in the 40s was not satisfactory, but it was nice to see that the pace of putting flesh on the spine of knowledge has been accelerating lately.

"Hey, Shirone."

A female student approached Shirone. In the corner of the classroom, her friends were watching the reaction with interest.

"yes. Do you have anything to talk about?"

"I've discussed it with the kids, but would you like to join the study group? I'm researching material transfer magic, but I thought the achievement would be high if you came in. It is also related to the photonization theory."

Although he came up to Class 5 and received offers from several groups, it was the first time he was in a research society that required his major.

'Hmm. Shall we try it?'

The evaluation of students in schools is divided into three main categories.

Practical exam, theory exam, performance evaluation.

Performance evaluation is an assignment during vacation, and you can write a thesis on a free topic and submit it. However, since it can be replaced with a presentation of a research meeting, most students tend to finish it during the semester.

Shirone, wanting to save time, also looked for qualifications to join the study group, but eventually changed his mind.

Right now, I suggest it based on the value of the name, but I wasn't sure if I could match their level once the activity started.

"Um, what should I do? There is a field I am studying lately, but there are no results yet. I plan to focus on that for the time being."

"Oh, I see. Then you can't."

"I made an offer on purpose, but I'm sorry I turned it down."

"Whoops, no. What are you sorry about? Let me know if you have any thoughts."

Rather, the female student went back to her friends with consideration for Shirone. In fact, there were not many students who acted emotionally when they reached class five. Of course, there are geeks like Iruki.

Not long after the group of female students left the lecture room, a joyful laugh was heard from the hallway.

'I envy you. It's gonna be fun.'

A corner of Shirone's heart ached. He also had friends named Lian and Amy, but Lian was in a different field and Amy was in her senior year, so he was busy.

It is said that life is a lonely battlefield after all, but it was a very lonely feeling to have no comrades to be with while attending Class Five.

"uh? Shirone, are you leaving now? come with me."

Nade hugged his neck from behind. He was the one who ran to the end of the classroom.

The two of them went to the dormitory while talking about this and that. Most of the stories were topics that Shirone liked.

"The library is good, but there are quite a few specialized books in the research club. Come to think of it, why did you refuse earlier? It's a pretty decent research club there."

"I guess I just don't have time."

"Well, you should raise your theory grades first. I'm still envious I don't even have the will to do that."

Shirone laughed and said.

"You have so many friends. So, do you think it would be okay to join any study group?"

"What are you talking about. Of course, we already have a research group. What a chairman."

"uh? really? I didn't know until now."

Nade assumed that he would hate belonging to a certain group, so he didn't even ask. But was it the president?

"What kind of study group is this?"

"haha! In fact, it's an embarrassing research society to brag about. There are only two people including me."

"uh? Isn't that below the minimum standard? The subsidy would have been cut off."

The minimum number of study groups required by the school was three or more. This is because one person is singular, two people are plural, and three people are a group.

"My seniors graduated last semester. That's why I inherited the presidency. I'm not alone in worrying about it."

"Ah, that's right."

There are numerous research groups in the school, but there were not many research groups with graduating class members. Furthermore, the fact that they graduated meant that they were the best seniors in the school.

"If it's okay, can I take a look?"

"really? I thought you weren't interested in the study group?"

"I have always been interested. But if I go in, it might be a nuisance, and I think I need to be careful when signing up."

"ha ha ha! What are you talking about? Even if you say it's a study group, it's just that the kids study and play with each other. There is no need to feel any pressure."

"Uhm, is that so?"

"Actually, I've been feeling this for a long time, but to be honest, you are difficult to approach. Why are people my age hitting, playing around, touching peppers, and playing around? Class 5 also has a dog class, but most of them date, so there are no bad guys. Be a little more comfortable with the kids. Of course, I'm not asking you to touch the pepper. ha ha ha!"

It was something that needed to be heard. Come to think of it, even in the case of Lian and Amy, they reached out first.

As Shirone seriously dug in again, Ned, who had been watching him, shouted as if he had made up his mind.

"great! It's a feeling. This is a really special case, let me introduce you to our research group. Instead, shouldn't you tease me later for being insignificant?"

"really? Then I am grateful."

"It happens again. Where is the thank you among friends? Come on, let's go quickly!"



* * *



Shirone followed Nade into a remote area northwest of the Central Park of the Magic School. About 100 huge tetrahedrons formed a colony with a complex structure. The material was iron and magic patterns were engraved on the surface. The size as well as the form destroyed common sense.

"Where are you?"

"It's a warehouse where magic equipment is stored. Our research group is in the warehouse. haha!"

There is no separate set of research labs. When a study group was established and a certain number of members gathered, the school gave an empty room.

It's a warehouse anyway. I couldn't understand why a school boasting a huge site would give away a laboratory in such a remote place.

"This is like a hideout that seniors have kept for generations. Our research group actually has a long history. I heard you worked really hard to get this place."

"But this is a bit... ... ."

"haha! are you okay. there is nothing here You can make anything as long as you have things in the warehouse. Oh, you must never speak out. I believe in you and say it."

"Ugh! really?"

At school, I didn't know that Nade, an ordinary student, was using the warehouse's goods illegally. Stunned, I followed Ned into the building. As the structure was complex, there were several entrances. In addition, close to 100 buildings were all connected, so it was at the level of wandering through a maze.

"lol! cool isn't it But you don't have to watch closely. Because we change the structure of the building whenever we have a chance."

"Changing the structure of the building? Is that possible?"

"The official name of this place is Estas, the magic warehouse. The building itself is a magical device. It's much faster to move the building and send it to the doorway than to find and retrieve it. Engineering design paper considering loadability and transportability at the same time. So, on days when schools have practices, the structure often changes. So no matter what they do, they can't find us."

Spitting out the last words, Nade giggled. An azitra that no one can find. After hearing this, even Shirone's heart began to pound.

"Actually, finding the way is simple. But you're not a member yet, so I can't teach you."

Nade walked the complicated road without hesitation. He passed twenty buildings and arrived at a place painted blue. There were about 10 large and small warehouses in one building, and Nade's Research Society was the largest warehouse among them.

"Voila! arrival. Right here."

Shirone approached with a nervous face. What kind of research did he hide in a place like this?

When I arrived at the iron gate, the signboard of the research society was attached crookedly.



- Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society



"Sim, psychic science?"

Even in the midst of many fields, psychic science was the kind that couldn't even be in the middle of thinking.

"how? Will our study group be finished? It is literally the study of paranormal phenomena. Ghosts, spirits, afterlife, aliens, hell, gods. These things."

Shirone's embarrassed expression gradually disappeared. Come to think of it, it was a very curious subject.

'God's existence.'

There are countless people who have borrowed the name of God, but there has never been a time when God has directly appeared in the world.

"Yeah, this sounds interesting. It may not be magical, but it might be worth studying."

"haha! right? Also! I thought you would know! come in once I'll show you around."

Nade grabbed Shirone's hand and opened the door. Contrary to the idea that it would be a neat philosophical space, what greeted Shirone was a thick dust.

Shirone frowned at the dust bombardment. It wasn't normal for dust to rise this much when the door was opened hard.

The warehouse was about 15 pyeong. The desk had a broken leg, and the table was full of crumbs of bread and crumpled papers. They said they converted the warehouse into a laboratory, and it seemed that all they renovated was a signboard.

"Isn't it worse? You get used to it as you go. Come in, come in."

Shirone didn't understand why he had to focus his eyes on the scenery instead of clearing out the warehouse. But those thoughts disappeared the moment I saw the blackboard hanging in front of me.

On the blackboard, tilted at an angle like a signboard, there were dizzyingly dense mathematical formulas written on it. It was the work of a boy who is still playing with chalk quickly.

"uh?"

Shirone was surprised to see the boy's face as he turned around after finishing his clerk. He was a rookie who didn't come to class for several days due to being disciplined.

=======================================
[42] Another Genius (4)





"Huh? uh?"

When Shirone was shocked and unable to speak, Nade smiled awkwardly and explained.

"haha! sorry. In fact, our research group has a bit of notoriety, so it would be difficult to reveal the members."

It was the reason why the cranky Iruki stayed friends with Nade. However, the problem was the nature of the study group. It was incomprehensible that he, who was rational and cool-headed, was involved in an unscientific research society.

"You mean Iruki was interested in this kind of field?"

"On the contrary. It's a critical approach. Iruki believes that there is nothing in the world that is not logical. So, what better food could there be than this?"

Iruki continued muttering something as if he hadn't noticed Shirone. Then he looked at Nade for a second and then approached with a surprised face.

"uh? Shirone!"

Without even time to answer, Iruki strode forward and shook Shirone's shoulder.

"It came just fine. I just came up with something great! So what I mean is, it splits the smallest matter. It's the smallest, so how can you split it? That's what I mean! If you split it, it's no longer a substance! So what the heck is it? I've been counting for three days. But, to my surprise, my God! There's a lot of energy inside. What if this were possible? huh? How do you think it will turn out? tell me quickly."

He spoke so fast that I couldn't even hear him closely. But when he met his burning eyes, he felt like he had to say something.

"That, well? Will the energy be released?"

"That's right! huge explosion! An explosion that could blow up an entire city! can you imagine huh? You can imagine!"

Shirone was dumbfounded. Blowing up an entire city? Aside from being possible, it was a terrible idea.

"But when that happens, people die. Everyone in the city will die."

"What do you mean? It's an explosion, an explosion! The city is blown away!"

"So! What will happen to the people living there when the explosion goes off?"

"yes? people living there?"

Iruki tilted his head as if to say something. Shirone finally realized and asked again.

"you... ... Haven't you ever thought about it?"

"of course. It doesn't matter how big the explosive power can be. Should I even think about that?"

Shirone was creepy. He would have been a little convinced if he had said that it didn't matter if humans died. But Iruki wasn't really thinking about it.

"How could that be? Does it make sense that a wizard doesn't think about the ramifications of his magic?"

"You are talking foolishly, Shirone. That's what an anthropologist thinks. He says it is the duty of a genius to push through what he can."

"If you are a genius who has no choice but to harm someone, a fool is much better."

"A few geniuses feed a large number of idiots. History proves it. It is also the reality to which we belong. Shirone, I hate to bring up idealism."

"No, your logic is steeped in defeatism. The ideal can fully come true!"

"It is ideal because it is ideal."

When Shirone and Iruki growled like they were enemies, Nade intervened with an embarrassing eye smile.

"now! Let's stop. Discussion is good, but conflict is not. Let's sit down and talk about this matter for now."

"no. I have nothing to say. Nade, I'm coming!"

Shirone turned around and left the study group. Nade hurriedly chased after him and shouted.

"Shirone! Let's go together! How do you find your way alone?"

"Leave it alone. It's not like the structure has changed. You must be memorizing the way you came. If you can't even do that, you're really stupid."

When I went out the door, Shirone was already gone. Nade returned, frowning at him.

"Why are you like that? You can say it in a way that is convincing enough."

"Well. I don't know either. Maybe it's because it's a rival. One of them has to fall."

It was extremely rare for the word rival to come out of Iruki's mouth. He was a child who had no interest in the competition itself, although his arrogant personality also played a part.

Women, wealth, and fame couldn't move him. All he was missing was formulas.

"Shirone is your rival? Are you serious about that?"

Iruki sat down on the sofa. As his butt was buried, dust rose.

"Did you see it too? Teleportation test. A bridge that cannot be crossed."

"I saw it. That's why we became classmates."

"How fast must a person who first learned teleportation have to think to get out of a level 10, dragon maze?"

Iruki patted his head and said.

"According to my calculations, the unit in which Shirone splits an instant of time is at least 1/10,000th of a second."

"1/10,000th of a second... ... ."

Nade was terrified. His head felt like it would explode when he thought of the gap of time expressed in numbers.

Iruki made a giggling sound and laughed.

"It is the mystery of insight. Faster than effort and more accurate than knowledge. Any conscious computational power will be slower than the speed of intuition. But, Nade."

Madness flashed in Iruki's eyes.

"indeed... ... What about me?"

"... ... ."

Shirone's insight and Iruki's calculating ability. What would be faster? Remembering the clash between the two, Nade swallowed his saliva with a chilling thrill.



======================

limitless(1)





After being called by Shiina, Shirone went to the teachers' office. She, who was reading her book, took him Shirone to her teacher's lounge. She said as she offered tea to Shirone.

"Now, since I was treated last time, I must treat myself this time."

"haha! thank you."

After coming up to Class 5, Shirone's knock-off improved considerably. I heard that she often jokes with her classmates lately.

"But what did you find me for?"

"I saw the report card. It's been maintaining growth. It is especially encouraging that I have the highest chemistry score."

"Hehe, even if it is, it's only a one point difference."

Even Shiina, the dedicated teacher, could not have predicted that Shirone would maintain such an upward trend for so long. The fact that there was no deviation of 2 points per subject even while running an average of 45 points meant that I could continue to improve for the time being.

"If we go on like this, we will be able to settle into the upper middle ranks from next month. In that case, the school will also pay attention to the way you study."

"No, I wasn't really trying to get attention."

"Of course I know. So, the reason the teacher called me today is to make a suggestion."

"A suggestion?"

"Did you know there is a practice test every two months? There's a targeting test this month. Do you know what?"

"Yes. I saw Amy when she was in Class Four. It's her test to hit her target within time. Amy in particular was very fast because she was the target type. She was really cool."

Shiina smiled as she looked at Shirone, whose eyes twinkled.

"yes. Amy seems to be doing well in her senior year. I would be sad to part with her girlfriend."

It was not easy to meet the advanced class and the senior class because the curricula were different. We could go on a date on the weekend, but we weren't even dating, and it was difficult to find time for that.

"It's okay if you know you're working hard. I have to support him as a boyfriend."

It would be rare to find a couple that goes out as soundly as Shirone and Amy. If she was allowed to live like this, she would want to encourage dating at school.

"yes. The introduction ends here, and the reason I called you today is for a practical exam. Is there any magic other than teleportation that you have learned?"

"Nope. If you look at the grades, you'll know, but I haven't met the standard yet... ... Oops! I see!"

Shirone realized it belatedly. To take the practice test, you must be able to use active magic. It didn't have to be an offensive magic, but the only teleportation that Shirone learned was a passive magic with a lasting effect.

On the other hand, active magic was a single-shot magic, and there were various types such as fire, wind cutter, healing, ice sword, lightning bolt, and atomic bomb.

Shouldn't there be at least one magic that can hit the target to take the test? It was as if the fire had fallen on Shirone's feet.

"What should I do? I didn't even think about it because I was so busy studying."

"Nothing to worry about. If you've mastered the rainbow drop, you'll be able to do simple active magic."

"But my theory grade averages 45 points. You said it would be difficult to activate unless you scored at least 60 points."

"right. But there's one thing. It is a battery that is close to 100 points."

None of the theory tests I've taken so far have exceeded 50 points, let alone 100 points. But Shirone immediately realized. Just as Shiina said, one thing remained.

"ah! Photonization Theory!"

"yes. Teleportation was overlooked because it was a practical evaluation, but since I studied the theory of photonization enough, it should be possible to apply it as active magic."

"okay! thank you sir."

"As a dedicated teacher, this is the advice you should give. I don't have to thank you. If you have any difficulties in the future, please come and consult."

"Yes. Then I will consult you right away. What kind of active magic can be developed from photonization theory?"

Shiina smiled as if she knew that.

"Have you ever heard of photon output?"

"I saw it in a book. Are you shooting photons?"

It was a phenomenon called 'photon ejection'. However, since there was no physical force, nothing particularly happened when they were shot. You could light up your surroundings if you got lost in the mountains, but it was much easier to cast lighting magic. The photonization theory, which is called a great discovery, also had a stark difference in efficiency depending on active and passive.

However, the Ivory Tower, which is currently leading the advancement of the Wizarding Society, has a view that photon output is the future of magic. Nothing is faster than light. In addition, it was an analysis that using the property of direct yarn could lead to innovation in the information field.

Shiina persuaded Shirone based on this latest trend.

"The future of photon output is bright. By the time you graduate, the desired results might already come out. It wouldn't hurt to cook them beforehand."

"Yes. Then I will practice."

Shirone replied that he would do so without hesitation.

In order to take the practice evaluation anyway, active magic was needed, and the only thing I could learn right away was photon output.

After the interview, Shirone headed to the training ground. With his test coming up soon, even if he practiced from now on, time was running out.

Shirone held out her hand and concentrated. Magic is a phenomenon that occurs in the spirit zone, so there is no need to take any action, but strengthening consciousness through action has the effect of increasing concentration. Wizards called this 'magical action'.

Although the magic was activated in the photonized state, the ejection phenomenon did not occur. Since it was a defensive type, teleportation was easy, so photon output was a magic specialized for offensive types.

'I need a much higher level of concentration than when teleporting.'

Shirone tried dozens of times, failed and sat on the floor. While passive magic depends on how strong the mind is, active magic requires momentary mental condensation.

It's not actually shrinking the spirit zone, but it feels like it's being squeezed out with huge pressure. However, the durability of the Spirit Zone was so strong that it was not easy to get a sense of it.

'This is why disposition is so important.'

Etella once said in passing that there was a way to technically strengthen the Spirit Zone, but at the time, I had just entered school, so I didn't go through the details of the class.

'Spirit Zone is an extremely sensitive mental state. It's about the limit of concentration, but how can I further strengthen it here?'

With all these questions on her mind, Shirone trudged toward the inn.

=======================================
[43] Limitless (2)





Shirone headed to the integrated class training ground early in the morning. Since he is preparing for the exam from today, the class was conducted in a more tense atmosphere than usual.

Test subjects are different for each class. Class 5, to which Shirone belonged, was a targeting test called Speed ??Gun.

"eww! From today, only speed guns will die. It's the subject I'm most unsure of. I want kids who are specialized in the target type. It is much more advantageous."

"Not really. Because the target type has an advantage when dealing with a small number of elites. There are a lot of targets for practice evaluation. Wouldn't it be better to switch to an offensive type and explode as soon as it takes?"

"Then you'll get tired first? Either way, it's either an attacker or a target. No one will ever use the breakaway type. How are you going to keep up with all that?"

"Come to think of it, how about Iruki? Isn't he using the breakaway type again this time?"

"haha! Surely, unless you're an idiot? I'm also curious about shirone. You are strong in practice. However, since it specializes in defensive types, we'll have to wait and see what choices it makes."

The names of Iruki and Shirone could be heard intermittently in the students' conversations. There are children with better grades than them, but the expectation that they will show something at the decisive moment was overwhelming for the two.

But Shirone wanted to cry. Far from being strong in practice, he hadn't even succeeded in outputting photons yet. If you can't activate active magic, the practice test will of course be zeroed out.

'eww! What do we do? I'm really worried.'

While Shirone was in trouble, she heard a dog barking from outside the training ground. The female students paid attention first, and the male students ran.

"what? How did you get in?"

"Look at the dog who lives in the mountains. But why are you barking like that?"

As the children flocked, the dog's vigilance grew stronger. He was growling, showing his teeth.

It is generally thought that a dog's tendency is to wag its tail when it sees people. However, if he showed his violent nature, even if he was a dog, he could not help but feel bad.

"Hey! Get out of here! Unlucky!"

The children of Class 7 threw stones at dog. The children of the upper classes were also watching, but no one stopped them. I thought that since I hated people, I was no different from a wild beast.

But Shirone was different. After listening to the dog barking for a while, he realized something and ran.

"Wait for a moment! Do not throw stones."

Until recently, they were classmates in Class 7, but now they are definitely seniors, so the children stopped their movements with nervous expressions. Mark, the leader of Class 7, cleaned up the surroundings.

"Hey, hey! stop it! Shirone-senpai told me to stop!"

Shirone moved closer to take a closer look. Then Mark came in, startled.

"Senior, it is dangerous. This is a wild dog."

"No matter how wild they are, dogs don't bite people. Rather run away."

"But you bark like that?"

"Perhaps I think... ... ."

Shirone approached without fear. The dog growled with a terrifying, low-pitched growl, but couldn't bear to attack.

Shirone looked straight into the dog's eyes and pushed on to the forest. As expected, a puppy that was still immature was lying on the grass and whimpering.

"You hurt your leg. poor."

"uh? Really. Guys, here's a puppy, puppy."

"Don't call me yet. Even a dog doesn't know how to change when its young are in danger."

"Oh, I see. hey! Don't come, don't come!"

"Can you find someone who can use recovery magic instead? It would be nice if Seriel-senpai came, but just find her in class 5 or lower."

"Nothing like that, Maria knows how to do it."

Maria, who went to school from a young age, had various types of magic that she could use. In addition, since meeting Sade made her feel more relaxed, she got along well with her classmates, so when Mark called her, she ran right away.

"Oh my God! How did you get hurt like this?"

"It must have been bitten because it got caught up in a territorial fight. can you fix it?"

"Yes, senior. It's that simple."

When Maria cast a healing spell, the dog's wound healed. The puppy, who had regained her health, ran wittyly through her grass as if she never did. Her mother then stopped barking and took her calf into the mountains.

Saving lives has always been a heartfelt thing. The children who had been stoned were also looking at the forest for a long time with their hearts moved.

"Awesome, senior. How did you know you had babies?"

"yes? haha! I used to live in the mountains for a long time."

Shirone recalled an anecdote about going hunting with his father when he was 11 years old.

I was lucky that day, and a red bear that even clawed money was caught on a rope and was struggling. With the strength of a red bear, he could break his line, so Vincent hurriedly aimed his arrow at him.

Shirone waited anxiously. If he caught the red bear, he would eat for a while, so he wouldn't have to worry.

But the arrow showed no sign of flying. I turned my head at a strange thought, but Vincent retracted his bow and prepared to leave.

"I heard that even if I was too lucky, I couldn't do it. Let's go back, Shirone."

"uh? why don't you catch She would love to be a mother."

Vincent squatted down and pointed to where the bear was being held.

"Look over there, Shirone."

Shirone looked carefully. I saw a bear cub whimpering next to its captive mother.

"Even the hunter doesn't catch it when there are young. Even though they are animals, love for their children is the same for humans and animals."

"But then you're playing nonsense. There's some great game over there."

Vincent stroked Shirone with warm eyes.

"Just as that bear has cubs, I have you too. As a parent, how can you pretend not to know? Fighting for life is the same as man or beast. But you can't do that in front of your children. It is an unwritten rule that applies to all living beings."

Shirone felt Vincent's infidelity that day. Maybe he didn't save the bear, he might have saved your child. Forever and ever, his father will protect him. Such confidence warmed Shirone's heart.



The students were impressed by the anecdote Shirone told. I didn't know that it was Shirone's father, but the size of the emotion was not conveyed differently.

"I see. Shirone is really cool."

"right. Shirone is so kind."

Classmates began to see Shirone differently. It was an unexpected charm that he had such a warm heart, who was thought to be naive and only knew magic.

"What a stupid theory. That is why hunters do not leave animals alive."

The children glared at the words that poured cold water on the warm atmosphere. Iruki was looking at Shirone with his hands behind his back.

"The reason not to kill an animal with cubs is so that later, when the cubs grow up, they do not become aggressive toward humans. In biology, this is called the imprinting effect. Once they recognize humans as their nemesis, their offspring also inherit their nature. That would make hunting difficult. But if we kill the offspring, the seed of the beast will dry up. Is it the wisdom of hunters who can only hunt in their own area?"

Shirone cried. Of course, Iruki said this without knowing, but his remark was an insult to his father's infidelity.

"How can you say that? Of course there are hunters like that. But most hunters really release the beast out of pity."

"mind. emotion. This is up to the packaging. I'm talking about reality. I don't dazzle people with foolish idealism like you."

"what! Did you say anything?"

Shirone jumped up and glared at Iruki. It was the second round of an argument that took place at the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Association.

The students were dumbfounded. Shirone is not the type to fight anyone, and Iruki doesn't get along with anyone. When the two collided, the tension soared several times.

"what? what happened to the two of them? It seems like we've been fighting for a long time, doesn't it?"

"It's a check. After all, those two are definitely among the candidates for the next promotion."

Shirone strained her eyes and glared. On the other hand, Iruki looked around and did something else, as if he had no intention of fighting.

"Hey, hey! Why are you guys like this again? It was quiet for a while. Since the teacher is coming, let's go back."

Thanks to Nade tearing the two apart, it didn't turn into a big fight, but Shirone couldn't help but feel displeased.

I couldn't understand Iruki's way of thinking. I didn't like everything, from researching the city-blowing equation to trivializing animal life.

'Ah, I shouldn't deal with them from now on.'

Class started and Ethella climbed the mountain. The students opened their mouths in a daze at her unusual appearance.

Is it because of the practical evaluation period? She was wearing a novice dress with short sleeves and exposed thighs for ease of movement.

Most shocking of all was that she was not wearing glasses.

The male students were speechless at the sight of a beautiful woman standing in front of them. Can one's impression change so much with just one pair of glasses?

"Did you know that there is a special education starting today? Due to the circumstances of the training ground, Class Five's speed gun test will be conducted first. Please note that the time zone is divided by class from tomorrow. Then, today's class will proceed after watching the TA's demonstration. Sanuel, this way."

A tall, handsome blond man stepped out in front of the students. He was in his early twenties and had his hair down to his waist, which was unusual for a man.

"The teaching assistant standing here is Sanuel, who is preparing for graduation in his senior year. My major is horse spirit magic, and today I came to demonstrate magic. It is also related to the strengthening education of the Spirit Zone, so please pay attention."

Aaaaaaaa!

The female students enthusiastically welcomed Sanuel. I couldn't hide my excitement when a handsome man appeared after watching men's eyes in every integrated class.

"Nice to meet you. It seems like it was just yesterday that I took a class in the advanced class, but time has already passed like this. It's a clumsy skill, but I'll do my best in the hope that it will help in education."

Shirone looked at Sanuel with interest.

It was an opportunity to see what kind of skills the rival of the senior class, who was competing with Amy, was. In particular, I was curious about the unfamiliar major called linguistic magic.

Sanuel entered the Image Zone and opened the Spirit Zone. That alone made the students burst into exclamation. A 42-meter diameter sphere similar in size to Shirone was surrounding him.

"Language magic is to strengthen magical power with the power of language. Then, let's try to cast Tornado without using the Spirit. tornado."

When Sanuel raised his hands, a powerful whirlwind blew. Even in the advanced class, there are students who can use tornado. However, he cast it effortlessly as if he were dealing with basic magic.

"Remember the power of a moment ago. This time, let's strengthen the tornado with spirit magic. It's literally using the power of language. By savoring the will contained in the language, the magician's mental power is strengthened."

Sanuel cleared his throat and began to recite a poem consisting of eight phrases.

"Earth of enthusiasm, I borrow your power, so touch your hand. Looking down at the sky, the history of Manse is contained in a moment. If the power of the void dwells in your hands... ... ."

Before one phrase was finished, the children's expressions turned sour. As he was reciting strange poems whose meanings were ambiguous, boredom set in. A yawn was heard somewhere, but Sanuel was not offended and finished the poem. Then he raised both hands again and cast the spell.

"tornado."

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

A huge whirlwind soared into the sky with a tremendous roar, and the children froze in the face of the wind that took their breath away. The wind was strong enough to shake Sanuel's figure like a haze.

said Samuel with a smile.

"This is the power of the spirit. Language contains the wizard's will. It is to strengthen the magic by savoring the will. speak and reflect This is the basic system of spirit magic. Then, let's start in earnest from now on."

=======================================
[44] Limitless (3)





The students' faces became bewildered. The demonstration he just showed me was enough to feel the power of the spirit magic. But is it serious from now on?

Sanuel recited the same poem again. As the speed of the words gradually increased, the children showed interest.

"Earth of enthusiasm, I borrow your power, so touch your hand. Looking down at the sky, the history of Manse is captured in a moment."

But this was just the beginning.

The movement of the lips showed an afterimage, and then the syllables continued to the extent that I did not even know what I was saying.

(The sacred ground in the sky exists in the heart, and the will of the sorcerer is contained in the world. I will sing praises and praises. Only pale flashes can ignite fire, hot winds call a typhoon.)

Sanuel clutched his lungs and frowned. The handsome man who calmly recited verses disappeared, leaving only the combative word magician.

The spirit's speed soared to the limit.

(Souls dwelling in the mind, call our names. Masters do not fear the power of lions. Like the sun-bearing sea, like the sea-bearing earth, like the earth-bearing wind, the wind of billions of years is in your hand. I will achieve infinite intellect.)

As all the sounds were pushed forward, the high frequency burst out as the notes broke up. The students covered their ears in unison. It was as if dozens of dolphins were crying out.

Now, the language has gone beyond the scope of language and turned into a sound wave. Sanuel's lips were open and motionless, only the tongue inside them was vibrating at breakneck speed.

Shirone was shocked. It was more than 20 times faster than normal speech speed. Sanuel, who had finished the command that took more than 2 minutes at first in just 6 seconds, cast Tornado again. With a whoop, a whirlwind clad in dust soared.

By the time the dust had disappeared, Sanuel was smiling with a comfortable face. The sound of metal breaking disappeared, but the tinnitus still lingered in the ears of the students.

"This is the basic sonic technique of a spirit mage. It is an indispensable skill in a real situation. Of course, it doesn't mean that you speak quickly. It must have been a noise that was difficult for you to hear, but I remembered the meaning of this verse without omission. I think the power of the tornado will suffice as proof of that."

The students forgot their words in absurdity. I didn't expect the power of the spirit to be so great. In particular, the last tornado showed ten times the amplification power of the first magic.

'Is this senior level?'

Shirone broke into a cold sweat. Of course, it must be a skill that ranks high in her graduating class as Miss Etella called her as her teaching assistant.

However, he was still a student. She also felt that Amy was competing for rank with people like that, which made her want to enter her senior year even stronger.

The other students were also quite stimulated, their faces flushed. This was the reason why Etella dared to call a senior and demonstrate her.

"Good job, Sanuel. Thanks to that, students must have seen and felt a lot. Thank you for granting me a difficult request."

Sanuel bowed his head in a serious attitude, devoid of any envy between men and women.

"no. Just call me and I will come anytime."

Shirone realized anew who she was taking lessons from. He was an unofficial 10th-class wizard even when Sanuel was graduating. However, the female teacher in front of me was no less than a 6th grade, a state-certified magician at that.

'How strong are you, my teacher?'

The other students must have realized this as well, and even after Sanuel left, they maintained a reverent attitude.

"Come on, everyone. Did you enjoy the Demon Spirit Demonstration?"

"Yes!"

When the reply sounded louder than usual, Etella nodded with a satisfied expression.

"The reason why I showed you the magic of the spirit is that it is closely related to strengthening the spirit zone that you will learn about today. Now you will be able to answer this question. What is the best way to strengthen your thoughts?"

The students responded unanimously.

"I mean!"

"Yes. Exactly. Because thoughts are made up of language. Can anyone put this into other words?"

The students of Class 4, who had been taking lessons from Etela for a long time, answered.

"It means being able to see your thoughts."

"Exactly. All of you, think of whatever you're thinking right now. Maybe you can see that thought with your own eyes."

Each of the students who tried it nodded as if they knew how it felt.

"Why is it important to look at your thoughts? Because it can be recalled. In other words, a linguistic mage reabsorbs the language she utters, strengthening her thoughts."

Etella raised her index finger and continued her explanation.

"The basic system of the commandments is simple. speak and reflect speak and reflect In this way, it continues to amplify the meaning, strengthening its magical power."

"Teacher, then do we also learn the language?"

When a question came up in Class 7, Ethella laughed.

"Do you want to learn language magic?"

"Yes. He was so cool earlier."

"Yes. Finding the right fit for you is very important. Unfortunately, however, since language magic is a major, it will not be covered in advanced classes."

"But then how do you strengthen the spirit zone? Wasn't that what you were doing?"

"He pointed it out very well. That is what the teacher will say from now on. Spirits are used to increase the power of certain magics. There is a lot of magic in the world, and there is a language to express that magic. However, since the Spirit Zone is a purely mental operation, it is not necessary to learn the spirit or supersonic arts. So, how to strengthen the spirit zone?"

Etella stopped explaining and went up to the Image Zone.

"It is a unique concentration method called sequence method. Raise your hand if any of you have ever counted from 1 to 100, either with your mind or with your mouth."

More than half of the people raised their hands.

"like. So, who has counted from 1 to 1,000?"

The students pulled out their necks and looked around. All of Class Four raised their hands, but few students in the lower classes were seen.

"A sequence formula is literally a technique of arranging numbers. Unlike language, numbers are symbols with a fixed and unchanging status. So it fits well with the Spirit Zone."

"Are you saying counting increases your concentration?"

"That's right. But you can't just count. Basically, it's the same as Eonryeong. exhale and repeat However, in the case of a sequence expression, you have to think about it and reflect on it. A sequence cannot succeed unless you focus on each number."

It was the reason Etella introduced the magic of the spirit of the tongue in the first place. If you go into advanced technology, it will be completely different, but the basic concept of reinforcement is almost similar to the sequence of words.

"The faster the number unfolds, the stronger the zone. If you perform a sequence ceremony, you can create an effect that increases all parts such as activation probability, power, and precision. However, keep in mind that sequence formulas are not omnipotent. The Spirit Zone can only be elevated through rigorous mental discipline. So don't get too hung up on technical enhancements. Then, from now on, I will show you a direct demonstration of the sequence method."

After the explanation, Etella spread out the spirit zone with a diameter of about 10 meters, which is necessary for education.

"From now on, the sequence ceremony will be held. Let's strengthen the currently visible spirit zone only with a sequence. Since it is not a language, I will only tell you the 10th power unit considering the syllable. Then let's begin. One."

From the moment Etela spit out the 1, the beginning of the sequence, the spirit zone swelled up like air.

"100."

"100? Did you just say 100?"

In order for a sequence formula to be effective, each number must be carefully examined. Still, counting 100 in 2 seconds was a formidable speed.

"400."

The children's eyes were glazed over. As if the acceleration had started to pick up, the zero hundred representing the speed of a certain section became extremely short.

"1,100. 1,700. 2,400."

Shirone's mouth fell open. Can humans count so quickly? In less than 20 seconds, 1 was added 2,400 times.

The Spirit Zone grew into a sphere 40 meters in diameter. It was a size that was created only by a numerical sequence.

When the number reached 10,000, Etella stopped the sequence. The Spirit Zone quickly shrank and returned to its original size.

The concentration of counting 10,000 at once proved why she was the youngest bishop of the Karsis Monastery.

'It's really great. How much do you have to train your mind to reach such a state?'

Students who first encountered Etella's sequence demonstration were shocked. Even her beautiful looks pale in comparison to her talent.

"Did you see? Depending on how quickly the sequence can be performed, the range of reinforcement increases. Since it is just a technique, you cannot get great efficiency if you lack the spirit zone itself, but I think you will be able to use it effectively enough."

Shirone was delighted to hear her words. If you use the sequence formula, you can use active magic through mental condensation that is stronger than the durability of the spirit zone.

"Sequences are based on 1 to 100. The speed at which it reaches this point is called zero hundred. Until you get used to it, don't drag the numbers too long and focus on shortening the zero hundred."

After class, Shirone settled down alone in a remote place. The sequence formula I tried was simple yet difficult.

When I checked the time from 1 to 100, it was 7 seconds. It was pretty good for a first try.

Most of all, the best feeling is that even though I calculated at a tremendous speed, I reached it without stopping even once.

Although the level of Class 5 was quite high, it was proof that Shirone was still superior in terms of mental durability.

In fact, most of the students performing the sequence ceremony for the first time lost their concentration as they accelerated.

'There is no problem with counting itself. Shall we increase the number further? No, he told me to shorten the zero-back first.'

Judging from Etela's personality, the level of the sequence should have met the students' standards exactly.

'Then you're saying there's a much higher level. What is it? There must be a special way.'

Syrone, lost in thought, snapped her fingers.

'There is no need to calculate each one. Rather, I process it while appreciating the whole number.'

Although Shirone did not know it, this was the basic concept of information magic, modularization. It was a method of grouping individual numbers into units and processing them at once.

Shirone immediately started experimenting. Integrating the numbers required insight, not calculation. As the number of numbers processed within the same amount of time increased, it was clearly felt that the performance of the Spirit Zone improved.

Shirone, who broke through the zero-back with tremendous speed, changed the four-way to the offensive type. And the moment the sequence reached the cloth, he took a magical action and cast his magic.

The students turned to Shirone at the flashing light. A mass of photons jumped out of Shirone's palm.

Strictly speaking, it was a sphere of light, but because of the speed at which it spread at quasi-light speed, people saw it as if a ray of light was running at full speed.

"wow! What is that?"

"It's a photon output. I guess he's going to take a targeting test with that."

"But why did you learn that? Photon output would be useless in practice, right?"

"It doesn't matter. Because the target in the image zone activates any kind of magic. Even if you use healing, the target will be removed. In fact, it may be useful for exams. Honestly, isn't that really fast?"

Even without physical power, among the basics of active magic, there is no magic that is faster than photon output, so it was perfect for hitting a target that flies like a fly.

=======================================
[45] Limitless (4)





Etella followed the muttering to the place where Shirone was. Light continued to emanate from Shirone's hand.

"Shirone, you seem to be preparing well."

"Yes. In fact, I just succeeded."

"Whoops. so? It seems that the sequence has been successful."

"I guess so."

Shirone seemed to have a lot to correct for the error, so he focused on photon output again. Ethella touched her lips and examined them closely. In fact, he expected that active magic would be quite difficult for Shirone. This is because the tendency itself is too focused on the defensive type.

'Nevertheless, being successful... ... .'

This means that modularization has been incorporated. He tried to give advice during tutoring, but as he realized himself, the opportunity to step out was gone. Instead, she made a suggestion.

"Shirone, you've never hit a target before, have you? Would you like to go up to the Image Zone?"

"Yes, I will try."

The students stopped practicing and looked at Shirone. How many runs he could score was a major concern for his competitors.

Shirone waited for the target to come up. It's just practice, but it's my first speed gun training, so I was nervous like a real fight.

Etella activated the magic barrier device to prepare for any unforeseen incidents. Like Iruki before, casting magic without a magic screen could injure students as well as objects.

As the signal dropped, targets came up from all sides. As Shirone developed her number sequence, she changed her fighting style to an offensive one. Numerous thorns stretched out in all directions. Quite a number of targets were captured in one attempt.

Shirone cast photon output without delay. The moment the light flashed, the target turned to ash and disappeared.

"Wow... ... ."

The children burst into exclamation. Although it is an active magic without physical power, it was overwhelming in splendor.

'Are you okay?'

Shirone continuously cast with photon output. At the same time as casting the magic, the target disappeared. It was a great advantage that there was no time difference that occurred in the distance.

'I can do this!'

Gaining confidence, Shirone shot photons in all directions. When the things he thought came true, he began to be greedy for his record.

The number of targets currently eliminated is 172. Nevertheless, with 20 seconds left, it was a situation where it was possible to easily break through to 200 points.

'As expected, you've mastered modularization.'

Etella was convinced after seeing the demonstration. It was a good phenomenon that the realization gained from the bridge that could not be crossed was connected to the sequence.

Currently, Shirone's sequence formula has 10 numbers forming a unit and rising all at once. At this rate, it was a speed that could run from zero to one hundred in two seconds.

When the device stopped working after a minute, Shirone came down from the image zone gasping for breath. The eyes of the students were focused on the display board. Final total of 342 points. This meant taking out 342 targets in one minute.

"How can you never miss? Shall I rather test with photon output?"

"Does that look easy? Since Shirone has mastered teleportation, she can also output photons."

Students expressed various opinions. Nade and Iruki also sat side by side and talked about what they felt.

"As expected, Shirone. They specialize in defense, but they are also great in offense. Maybe with this test as an opportunity, I can rise to the top of the group."

"I don't know, but 342 points is nothing, right?"

"Still, it's a good score for a first time. I couldn't even output photons until yesterday."

"It doesn't matter if it's your first time or not. Isn't it the ability to grasp the core that really matters? I have to say that part is great."

"what? What's up? Are you praising Shirone?"

"You have to admit it. It'll be a good experiment anyway. We will be able to see who has the upper hand in this test."

"What are you going to do?"

Instead of answering, Iruki robbed his seat and walked to the Image Zone.

"Miss Etella, can I try it?"

"Iruki, you?"

Ethella asked anxiously. She was like the last time, and she was a child who did not know what kind of accident she would cause if she made a demonstration.

"I'll just practice and come down. After all, the magic barrier is also activated."

Since it was during the exam preparation period, there was an issue of fairness in putting restrictions on certain students. Reluctantly, she agreed.

"great. go up But don't crash."

Iruki bowed his head and entered the Image Zone. His appearance caught the attention of the students. After preparing, Iruki changed his way of living to the breakaway type. The children whispered. He didn't know that he would be able to use the breakaway type even in the targeting test.

Shirone was also surprised. Although the breakaway type shows the fastest movement among the four types, you need to be at least an offensive type to increase your score in order to catch a target coming up in multiple shots. The breakaway type must abandon synesthesia and track the target with only their eyes. Perfect one-to-one correspondence. As an analogy, it was a way to move a dot and catch a dot.

'What are you planning to do?'

As soon as the target came up, Iruki's Spirit Zone began to move. It was shrunk to almost the size of a human face. On the other hand, the speed has increased.

pop! pop! pop! pop! pop!

It was correct. Like elastic rubber, the spirit zone sharply bent her angle, clearing out her targets. No wonder the students were amazed. Also, Etella couldn't hide her surprise.

'To remove the target with a breakaway type. It's a pretty unique method.'

The count was already over 100 points. Shirone realized how amazing Iruki was. She is removing the target while looking with her eyes. Considering the speed of her movement, it was a tremendous moving sight.

'No, it's not on that level.'

Servant Syndrome's phenomenal calculation ability. It was predicting the direction of the target's movement and bringing the spirit zone in advance.

'It's embarrassing to be this surprised, Shirone.'

The moment Iruki's lips moved up, the spirit zone moved at a speed different from before.

"uh? uh?"

The students were astonished. I couldn't keep up with Spirit Zone's movements with my eyes. Every time something blurry bounced through space, targets exploded everywhere.

Puff puff puff puff!

Thanks to the minimal power of the atomic bomb, there was almost no time for the detonation reaction. If Shirone's photon output quickly overcame the range, he moved the spirit zone to hit directly.

The count exceeded 200 points. It was faster than Shirone using modularization. If the result was visible, Shirone could admit it. However, it was still a question of how John was strengthened.

"Could it be the way I did it?"

"no. It will be different from you."

Before I knew it, Ned was approaching me in the seat next to me.

"Iruki sees you as a rival. It's meaningless unless you win with Servant Syndrome. After all, it's incredibly fast computational power. Perhaps the number Iruki is currently counting is not 1,000 units."

"Not 1,000 units? then?"

"One million."

Shirone opened her eyes wide. Is it possible to count to 1 million in 1 minute? It was a different matter from feeling 1/10,000th of a second. Modularization of numbers was possible because it was an area of ??intuition. But when it comes to repeating a routine a million times, there is no room for imagination.

Iruki used the one minute given and came down. The final score is 548 points. It far exceeded Shirone's score.

The students started to mumble. It was the first time Iruki had taken a class so seriously.

"tremendous. 548 points in breakaway. That is not a person."

"I calculated all the equations of motion for the target with my Servant ability. Isn't that too much to be honest?"

Etela also saw Iruki differently. It can be said that it is the result of mathematical calculations up to the capture of the target with the breakaway type. However, the movement speed of the Spirit Zone could not be explained by that.

'no way? that child... ... .'

Iruki came down from the Image Zone and went straight to Shirone. And he said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"How do you feel? Was it worth watching?"

Shirone had no choice but to admit it.

"It was a great demonstration. Servant Syndrome. I really didn't know how to mathematically calculate the target's movement."

"Hmm, is that all? Is this disappointing?"

"what?"

Shirone replied sullenly. He looked disapproving of the compliment, which hurt his feelings. But Iruki didn't care and continued talking.

"By grouping the numbers into modulo, it speeds up the sequence. Certainly not the way only you can do it."

Shirone was surprised to learn that Iruki already knew. And she was anxious. On the other hand, he himself cannot even guess which method Iruki used.

"Shall I teach you, how I tried?"

Shirone's pride was hurt.

"Is it okay for me to say so carelessly? From what I hear, it sounds like you're holding me back a lot."

"doesn't care. It's not something I can say I know."

As expected, Iruki scratched the inside of people.

"Actually, it's nothing. I just reduced the units by using logarithms."

"If it's a big number... ... ? Oh, I see."

Indeed, there was such a way. Also, it was not a method that could be followed just because I knew what Iruki said.

"With logarithms, astronomical numbers can be expressed simply. This time, I did it for practice. After all, the real match is a practice evaluation."

Any number of units can be expressed simply by applying a logarithm. It was the same with 100 million, 1 billion, and 10 billion.

However, from the beginning, logarithm was a symbol to simplify complex calculations. Therefore, when applied to a simple operation such as a sequence expression, it becomes so complex that even mathematicians cannot perform mental calculations.

But Iruki was able to do it. With Servant Syndrome's ability, he calculated by converting all natural numbers into fractions.

'A sequence expression with a log? Is it really possible for humans?'

For the first time, Shirone thought it was too easy. Karmis Amy. Members of the Ogent family. I've met quite a few geniuses in my life, but it was the first time someone with an extremely slanted pendulum of talent like Iruki.

"how? Can you beat me like this?"

"I am not studying to beat someone. I don't care who wins as long as I did my best."

"That's a standard answer. doesn't care. It's enough to think that he was that kind of guy from the beginning. But from now on, be careful what you say. It really offends me to hear the words of an idealist with no skills."

Shirone grinded his teeth. What was it that was so dissatisfied with? He just wanted to say that life is precious. If even that was idealism, Shirone had no choice but to prove it.

"OK got it! let's compete I will definitely beat you in this test."

"haha! Whatever it is possible."

Shirone was about to shoot, but shut up when classmates who confirmed Iruki's skills rushed in.

"Iruki, you are really amazing. How did you do it? Can I teach you something too?"

"If you have such skills, why hide them? Won't you join our study group? With you, I think I can finish the project in a month."

All of them were praised. Shirone thought it was natural. As much as that, the demonstration that Iruki showed in the image zone was shocking.

"Shirone, your insight on the bridge you couldn't cross was certainly great. But... ... ."

Iruki turned around with a meaningful smile.

"My arithmetic is faster than insight."

Shirone swallowed his saliva. He entered the magic school and competed in numerous competitions, but this was the first time that he had such a strong enemy.

Nade comforted Shirone by patting him on the back.

"cheer up. It sounds irresponsible, but it is also true that it is exciting from the point of view of the spectators. It's me, we're both friends, so it doesn't matter who wins."

"Competition is good, but I hate it. Iruki just hates me."

"haha! What can I do? I'm a guy like that But Iruki made him do his best, so you're a great guy too. You two are probably the only ones who have the potential to break the record for Class Five."

"yes? Is there such a thing as a high score? How many points?"

"Let's see. As far as I know, it was 987 points?"

Shirone's eyes widened.

"987 points?"

Aside from his own score, even Iruki, who used the log, was only at a level that exceeded 500 points. He couldn't even imagine how fast he had to target to be able to score 987 points in one minute.

"tremendous. Who are you? Have you already graduated?"

"yes? What are you talking about? Don't you know that you're dating? You're Amy senior."

=======================================
[46] Limitless (5)





"Oh, Amy... ... ?"

Shirone blankly recalled her face. As her target type is her main specialty, her targeting speed was definitely amazing.

However, 987 points was a record that could not be broken.

"Senior Amy shows great concentration in real battles. Well, that part resembles you. She must have never missed first place until she entered her senior year?"

How many monsters are there in the world? No, because this is a magic school. It felt like the whole world was full of talented people.

"I don't need to break the record, so feel free. Before 987 points came out, it was said that the highest score was around 700 points. The teachers said it was a score that would not be broken for the next 10 years."

It was a pretty big gap. Shirone also did not fall into frustration from the beginning and set the first goal at 700 points. There are 3 weeks left before the exam. I had to find a way to raise the score within it.

'I won't stand it. never!'

Shirone clenched both fists.



* * *



Shirone was immersed in the sequence ceremony whenever he had time. If I couldn't count the numbers faster than Iruki's calculation speed, I would win at any cost.

Currently, the number of numbers that can be grouped with modularization is 20. In other words, it was a level where the number went up by 20 at a time. However, this was not enough to keep up with the enormous unit compression power of logs.

'Damn it. What should I do?'

Shirone spent all night in the training ground casting photon output. Although the speed of the zero bag has improved significantly, only 10,000 units can be counted in one minute.

'Iruki filled 1 million on the first day. I have to count more, faster.'

As well as the sequence formula, it was necessary to know the test method. It wouldn't be difficult to score 1,000 points if the targets poured out indefinitely from the beginning, but there was a certain pattern.

10 come up in the first step, and after removing them all, 11 come up in the second step. It was a method in which the number of targets increased as the steps continued to rise for one minute.

Therefore, if you didn't step up quickly from the beginning, you couldn't get a big score even if you tried hard later.

'After all, this is zero hundred. Depending on who gets through the steps first, the difference can be hundreds of points later.'

Practice ended at dawn. The day began and ended when I went back to the dorm, went to sleep, and went back to the training ground a few hours later to practice the sequence sequence.

During the practice test period, the training ground was quiet because integrated classes were eliminated and classes were held alternately for each class.

Students waited for their turn in the image zone while sharing their know-how or practicing sequence ceremonies. However, Shirone didn't even want to wait in line, so he focused on the sequence until the end.

When it was finally her turn, Shirone entered the image zone and poured out her achievements so far. Like a creature, every time the target touched the jagged spirit zone, a flash of photon output flashed.

As they adapted to active magic, it was possible to use photon output even while omitting magical actions. Then, without looking back, I was able to hit the target.

The final score was 567 points. Shirone regained his confidence because his score was higher than Iruki's in the previous demonstration. On the other hand, students' self-confidence decreased.

"I raised more than 200 points in one week. what's this No matter how talented you are, this is a complete foul."

"It's just that you've adapted to the offensive spirit zone. Magical action can increase its power, but it's difficult to link because it creates an obsession. It seems to be casting more than 4 times per second to me."

As the number of students using the image zone decreased and it finally became empty, Iruki belatedly appeared. He was the one who had been sitting in the corner doing nothing and resting idly.

"Will it be my turn this time?"

Smiling at Shirone, he activated the device. The breakaway spirit zone has become smaller than before and is now the size of a fist.

The splendidly moving Spirit Zone removed the target. Shirone, who uses the flash of light, is also gorgeous, but Iruki's sense of speed is also very exciting.

After one minute, Iruki walked away with his hands behind his back without even checking the score. Final score 568 points. It was just one point ahead of Shirone.

It could be dismissed as a coincidence, but Shirone had a hunch that this was also a calculation of Servant abilities.

As a result, the predictions were correct. Every training session, Shirone's skills improved, but the light was faded by the demonstration of Iruki, who was always leading by one point.

Stimulated, Shirone worked even harder on the sequence ceremony. The number of numbers bound by modularization exceeded 100. The time it took to zero-back was only an instant, and the performance of the Spirit Zone went up beyond recognition. I realized that the shorter the zero bag, the less time I can maintain the spirit zone, but since durability is a long term, it seemed that I could endure it somehow if it was about 1 minute.

Shirone's score increased day by day. He far exceeded the average score of 500 for Class Five, and eventually reached the 600 mark.

But always the winner was Iruki. In addition, the situation itself leading by one point was dramatic, so the children were more excited about Iruki's performance than Shirone's.

The last training time before the exam is back.

In most cases, the scores obtained in the final check are reflected in the actual test, so the concentration of students was higher than ever.

Shirone gritted his teeth and proceeded to remove the target. Flashes of light shot out in all directions, as if his body had turned into luminescent material.

When the splendid festival of lights ended, the students screamed indiscriminately.

Final score of 700 points. Excluding the record set by Amy, it was a score that was close to the highest record of Class Five.

"That score is really possible. I thought I would see the 700 points with my own eyes."

"If you don't pass the 10th step within 10 seconds, you can't get to the 700 mark. How many do you explode in one second?"

Shirone checked the score and clenched his fists. It was a whopping 70 points higher than the previous class. Moreover, I finally reached the 700 points I was aiming for.

As Shirone came down the stairs, Iruki passed by and said,

"congratulation. 700 points is definitely great. The growth rate is frightening."

"Because I never want to lose to you."

"Cheuk, that's right. But don't be careless. The exam hasn't even started yet."

Shirone snorted and came down the Image Zone. And when I turned around, Iruki was already starting the speed gun.

The students burst into exclamation.

"wow! It is the ability that makes John so small."

Iruki reduced the spirit zone to the size of a marble. It was difficult to see even afterimages because they were moving so fast.

Puff pup pup pup pup!

As if the targets exploded on their own, explosions were heard in succession centered on Iruki in the center of the image zone.

After Iruki's demonstration, Shirone's face turned pale. Final score 701 points. The score of Shirone, who had jumped more than 70 points by doing his best, was once again reduced by one point.

The students couldn't control their excitement at Iruki's showmanship and let out a cheer. The exam itself is right around the corner, but the competition between the two rivals was so fierce that they forgot even that.

'701 points? Another one point difference?'

Shirone was nervous for the first time. Cold sweat broke out on my palms and my saliva dried up. I would not have been so nervous if Iruki had put all his strength into scoring the highest score.

But again, it was a 1 point difference. In the end, it was said that if you put in your best effort, you can score higher than now.

The test period is next week, but since Class Five's schedule is the fastest, there are only three days left. Can we close the gap in it? Shirone, embracing all kinds of anxiety, went down the training ground powerlessly.



* * *



A favorite holiday of students. On a day like today, it is normal for young men and women to walk around in pairs, but Central Park was quiet because the exam was right around the corner.

On the other hand, Seriel hummed across the park as if a day like this was perfect for a walk. She had submitted an application for a promotion to the senior class, so the exams for the advanced class were now someone else's business.

"Amy! Here it is, here!"

Amy was reading a book by the fountain. She was still pretty, but as I got closer to her, her eyes puffed out and her naturally thin body became thinner.

"wow! I was skinny while I didn't see it. Senior year must be tough."

Amy smiled and handed over the papers.

"Welcome to Hell. Now, here's the senior year material you asked for."

It was data that recorded the grades and major specialties of the graduating class students. It was not an expedient because anyone in the senior class could read it.

"thanks. let's sit down Would you like something to drink?"

"Let's have coffee. I think I live with coffee in my mouth these days."

The two entered the cafe and sat on a bench with two cups of coffee. And without any special conversation, I watched the flying birds and killed time without hesitation.

Unlike other girls, Amy wasn't the kind of person who liked to talk. Moreover, this silence was the best rest she could not taste in her senior year.

The reason why the talkative Seriel doesn't say anything is because Amy smells like a tired warrior. Although he was thin, he had an aura unique to his senior year.

There is a saying that classes make people. She said that every day would be hell for Amy, but while she endured there, she could see that she had already made a huge difference from the advanced class.

'Surely that part will work. I'll have to get promoted soon too.'

Amy, who was sipping on the empty iced coffee, was the first to speak.

"How is Shirone these days?"

"Why didn't you ask? Have you really never met? Haven't you heard the rumors?"

"do not know. There is no time to meet, and the senior class is an advanced class and the class itself is different. I heard that Sanuel went as an assistant the other day."

"I see. Actually, interesting things have been happening at Class Five lately."

Amy, biting on a straw, turned her head with a look that said, "What are you talking about?" Like a fish in water, Seriel began to chatter about her. The gist of the story was that the confrontation between Shirone and Iruki was exciting ahead of the speed gun test.

"You reduced units using logarithms? that's fresh Well, should I say Iruki-like?"

"yes? Do you know Iruki?"

"Of course you know. Because they were classmates. Of course, I didn't see it for long because I was promoted quickly. is that him? Servant Syndrome."

"what? do you really know Have you even talked? It seems that you are not friendly with people."

"yes. When I first entered Class Five, he came up to me and talked to me."

Seriel opened her eyes wide and shouted.

"what? You mean he flirted with you? what should I do! So, this is a showdown between rivals over the person they love, right? What a scoop!"

"You are laughing. he's kinda weird I think something is right, but I don't agree. He thinks maybe what he did to Shirone he was trying to do to me. As soon as I saw it, I was embarrassed. What did you not do? I think he turned off his attention because I was a woman."

"Hmm, that's right. Are you saying you're a genius hunter? Shirone must have been caught unluckily."

"Until you can't do it. It's a hurdle you have to go through. Anyway, I'm going to have a hard time. It's a targeting test, and if Iruki uses the log, he'll get a pretty high score."

Seriel glared at her with piercing eyes.

"Where is that word? My boyfriend is in jeopardy. Even if you can't help, you have to cheer with your heart. What will you do if Shirone loses to Iruki?"

"If you compete, you can lose, so why are you making such a fuss?"

Unlike before, Amy didn't seem to feel any special inspiration. She is probably because she is fighting a war every day that is incomparable to the advanced class.

Seriel felt very sad about that fact.

"You've never lost! I want to see two undefeated legends dating! So hurry up and tell Shirone to cheer up. I will deliver it myself."

"it's okay. Are you trying to convey it in a strange way again? This time it's not a promotion test, it's a practical evaluation. Shirone is also a kid whose goal is to be in her senior year. It will be a good experience."

"Then tell me at least the secret to getting a high score with the speed gun. you are the record holder 987 points."

"Hmm. But if I can give you any advice, Shirone will already figure it out. It's not that I'm not interested, but Shirone is really good. I heard it's already over 700 points. I only benefited from the others because I was specialized in the target type."

=======================================
[47] Limitless (6)





When she said there was no solution, Seriel cried. Having watched the two people's affectionate (?) love from the beginning, she was immersed in the situation as if Shirone were the male protagonist in the novel.

"Anyway, can we win? Shirone should win."

"Hmm."

Amy put her chin on her chin and flicked at the straw. Mercodyne Iruki. Although her first meeting was unlucky, talent was definitely talent.

"If you look only at targeting, it won't be easy. Because Servant Syndrome is a really powerful ability. If you use logs, it will be very difficult for opponents. Moreover, Iruki is sincere? If Iruki had seriously challenged me back then... ... ."

"Even if you tried?"

Amy, thinking deeply, pouted her lips and said.

"I might have lost."

Seriel was shocked. To say that Amy, who has never missed first place in the advanced class, may have lost because she set an unchanging record in Class Five.

It may be generous to recall the past because the senior class is staying in a different class, but even taking that into account, it was a huge statement.

"Hey, so what? Our shirone."

Seriel's face turned into a tear-stain.



* * *



The speed gun test came a day ago.

Shirone sat on the floor of the inn and meditated. He's counting, but not numerically. If he had mastered the technique so far, he wanted to get an answer to the question of what a sequence formula is today.

A number of trips that have a starting point but no destination.

There was not even a slight movement for 10 hours. As time passed, Shirone realized the nature of the sequence formula in a realm that most humans had never reached before. It was as shocking as seeing thunder strike right in front of you.

When I opened my eyes, it was already dawn outside the window. He hadn't eaten or slept for 24 hours, but he wasn't tired. A light too reverent to be called emotion formed in his eyes.

Shirone looked up at the ceiling in sadness.

What he felt was a great realization, but also a shudderingly harsh reality.

'really... ... Is this true?'

There was no one to answer. However, Shirone felt as if he had heard an answer.



* * *



There were about 30 minutes left until the test, but the training ground was already crowded with participants and spectators. The staff moved busily. Safety devices have been strengthened, and scoreboards are also installed on all sides of the image zone.

Not a single student from Class Seven and Six attended. It was a cross-section of a class society that tried to imprint on its seniors.

On the other hand, for the students of Class 4, only those who were interested in the match between Shirone and Iruki made time to come up. Among them, the person with the highest recognition was, of course, Seriel, who was at the top of Class Four.

"Oh! Seniors! hello!"

Mark ran over with eyes catching a big fish and greeted them. Seriel, who smiled at her and shook her hand, looked around her.

"yes. All the juniors watched. Well, I was like that too."

"What kind of embarrassing words. I'm only here to congratulate Shirone-senpai on his victory!"

"Five! I'm strong too! Good! Let's properly ignite the passion for cheering."

Seriel and Mark occupied the seats with the best view of the image zone. Everywhere she walked, roads formed on their own, so her first class seat was like a reserved seat.

Most of the buzz was about the battle between Shirone and Iruki. Shirone, who has a naturally strong spirit zone, and Iruki, who is good at strengthening the zone through a sequence ceremony. It was a match to determine who was the best talent of Class Five.

Two people take the test at the same time. The reason why the confrontation method was adopted was the intention of the school side to maximize the potential of the students.

For the same reason, the high scorers were placed in the back based on their scores during practice. Naturally, Shirone and Iruki were assigned to Team 20, the last turn.

When Etella activated the magic barrier, the light came on. After giving them 10 minutes to relax, the test was conducted in order, starting with group 1.

Since it is strictly a practice evaluation, individual scores are important, but since Speed ??Gun is played in a confrontational format, it was a subject that students could enjoy watching.

The participants had no choice but to be conscious of that part. Maybe that's why, even if he broke his personal record, if he lost to a student in the same group, he came down the image zone with an uneasy expression.

It took about an hour to take the test up to 10 trillion. The highest score so far was 533 points, and Nade finished the practical evaluation with 491 points, slightly above the half average.

As time passed, the eyes of the students became lively. It meant that they also knew what the main match of the day was.

Finally, after the 19th Trial, Etella called Shirone and Iruki by name. The roar of cheering became quiet for an instant.

Shirone and Iruki went up the stairs side by side without looking at each other. I could feel the fighting spirit in the back of the two people.

"Wow! Mr Shirone. Are you excited? When I heard the baby, I heard that I was totally behind Iruki-senpai."

"huh. Shirone is strong in real life! It was the same during the teleportation test, maybe?"

As Seriel rolled her eyes, Mark let out an empty laugh and scratched his head. He was the one who was stabbed in the back of the head for looking down on Shirone.

Etella called Shirone and Iruki and explained the rules.

"Time is 1 minute, and it starts the moment the red light comes on on the display board. Thanks to the magic barrier, there is no need to invade each other's territory, so you can think of it as an individual event. In particular, the juniors are paying attention to you two, so don't do anything embarrassing."

Shirone and Iruki only nodded as if they were trying to save even the mental strength needed to answer. When Ethella opened her arms, the two parted and went into their respective quarters.

The juniors focused their eyes on them as if they did not want to miss the decisive battle between the two even for a moment. The sound of swallowing was also heard. Since they are holders of at least 700 points, it was clear that high-speed targeting would unfold from the beginning.

Shirone calmly looked ahead. My heart beat fast, but there was no tension. It was a phenomenon that appeared when human concentration was at its highest. I counted in my mind as the preliminary lights on the display board came on.

'3, 2, 1.'

start!

As soon as the red light came on, Shirone cut off the start of the sequence ceremony, widening his eyes. He broke through zero hundred as soon as he started, and the number soared at a tremendous speed.

Puff puff puff puff!

10 photon output per second.

Flashes of light scratched in all directions 360 degrees. All the targets that came up in the first step exploded. Iruki's breakaway Spirit Zone also moved as if scraping through space, eliminating his target.

"Wow! Both are super fast! It exploded as soon as it started!"

Mark shouted, unable to contain his excitement. The second step and the third step were the same. As soon as the target came up, all of them were being eliminated. When they reached the same level by the sixth step, Seriel clenched her fists.

"great. If we keep going like this, we won't know the outcome."

Shirone and Iruki ran the same time until the 10th step. But in the next step, 20 targets come up at once. Since both of them were numbers that could not be processed in one breath, the match was just starting.

The score so far is 239 to 237, with Shirone narrowly ahead. At this level, the final score of 700 was an easy start.

'great! I'm not being pushed back against Iruki who did his best. Let's keep going like this.'

If you make a mistake in targeting, the difference in steps will widen, so the game will fall sharply. However, Shirone of the flash and Iruki of the breakaway type never missed the target.

377 points versus 377 points.

At the 30-second mark, Iruki tied the score. Sensing a sense of crisis, Shirone accelerated the sequence. As the spirit zone was strengthened, the link speed of the flash increased.

This time Iruki became nervous as Shirone took a 4-point lead. Contrary to how relaxed he was during practice, he was targeting with all his might.

'But you're still pushing? How fast is my calculation?'

Just three days ago, Iruki's victory was a foregone conclusion. It was impossible to raise the level of the sequence formula in such a short time.

'you can do it! My strategy is working!'

Shirone caught up to Iruki's speed by releasing the limitations of modularization. Until now, if the numbers were grouped and processed in units of 100, now 232, 187, 99, 276, etc. were being processed at random. It's a strategy that lacks stability instead of increasing speed, but based on the mental durability of a defensive type, concentration has not been shaken yet.

469 points versus 432 points.

For the first time, the students went crazy when Shirone defeated Iruki by a large margin. Even Ethella couldn't take her eyes off the unpredictable tension.

Iruki finally understood Shirone's strategy.

'Have you loosened the limitations of modularization? I don't care about test scores. It means that he took an adventure with the intention of winning unconditionally.'

The corners of Iruki's mouth went up. How long has he been waiting for this moment. A being that can bring out all of itself. Having met the greatest rival of his life, he gladly accepted the match.

'Shirone, the gamble I'm betting on is different from yours.'

Iruki increased the difficulty of the sequence ceremony. The change happened right away, and the students opened their eyes as if wondering. Another rhythm was leaking out between the bursting rhythms in succession.

"Huh? What is that?"

542 points versus 558 points.

It was not enough to catch up with Shirone's score, and he overtook it altogether. It was impossible without more than doubling the speed in an instant.

"Siriel! What happened? Could it be that Shirone-senpai made a mistake... ... ?"

"no. Shirone's score is also going up. Rather, Iruki's targeting suddenly became faster."

"Can you? 100 points went up in an instant."

Seriel, who had been closely examining Iruki's demonstration, finally realized it and bit her lip.

"... ... I made another Spirit Zone."

Then the students turned to Iruki. Apparently, two afterimages were flying around, turning at different angles.

The Double Spirit Zone was a trait unique to Servant Syndrome, capable of mental splitting. It's a trait, not a skill, because it can never be learned.

But what really surprised Seriel was the fact that even though he had one more Spirit Zone, his speed was getting faster.

You have to perform different sequence expressions. But can the human brain do both calculations at the same time?

Iruki was proving that it was possible. Moreover, in a state where mental arithmetic is impossible logarithm.

'As Amy said, it's a great talent. No, it's not a level that can be explained by talent. A mutation outside the human category.'

How powerful the Servant Syndrome was was revealed through the score on the electronic board.

692 points versus 845 points.

There was a score difference of over 100 points, and the number of steps was several steps higher. Once it started happening in the steps, the gap only widened as time passed, let alone a reversal.

'more. faster.'

Shirone was desperate. The average number of modularizations was over 300. Because it was not an exact matrix, the calculations became more complex and irregular.

732 points versus 911 points.

Shirone broke a personal best record. However, Iruki surpassed his personal record and was at the level of breaking even Amy's record. If the test ended like this, it would have been possible enough.

Shirone had only one option left.

There are certain areas that can only be reached by jumping over them, not by running fast.

But could it be? Is it really possible?

No one answered this time either. However, Shirone felt like he had already heard the answer.

'It transcends numbers!'

=======================================
[48] ??Limitless (7)





Shirone's mind expanded and spread endlessly, like a supernova explosion. perfect opening. Beyond modularization, all the numbers that exist in the world are compressed into a single point.

Puff puff puff puff!

The targeting speed suddenly soared. Two flashes of light were simultaneously extending from Shirone's spirit zone.

"Senior is also a double!"

"No, unless it's Servant Syndrome, doubles are impossible. It's not on that level."

Seriel couldn't believe the scene unfolding before her eyes. The number of flashes increased from ten to twenty, from twenty to one hundred.

Shirone felt completely liberated. A feeling that permeates everywhere in the world. The stronger the feeling, the more the thought faded. He couldn't think of anything, and only his senses reached everything.

The Spirit Zone has grown infinitely. When the diameter exceeded 80 meters, the flashes all merged and filled the spirit zone with light. Even the gigantic photon, Shirone, was enveloped in light.

As soon as the target appeared, it exploded, and the stepping speed increased tremendously.

'iced coffee... ... Ahhh... ... .'

Shirone shed tears as he realized that his presence was gradually fading. He was beyond numbers. All. It's over. All that was left was to permeate the world as it is.

'Big! It's not over yet!'

Iruki gritted his teeth. He checked the score of Shirone, who came up terribly, but it was none of his business. If Shirone sped up, it was enough to run faster than that.

'There is no limit to a Servant's calculations! Whether it's 1 trillion or 1,000 trillion, I'll calculate everything! I'll look at the end of the numbers that exist in the world!'

Iruki's Spirit Zone moved at a speed that the human eye could not follow. win can win! 1 second left! 0.9 seconds! 0.85 seconds! damn it! What kind of a bastard's time doesn't go like this!



beep-!

One minute that seemed like an eternity was over. As the target dispersed in illusion, Shirone and Iruki sat down at the same time.

Unlike Iruki, who was out of breath, Shirone did not move. he was already unconscious.

Iruki looked up and checked his score.

1,247 points.

An unprecedented record in the history of magic schools. It was a whopping 260 points ahead of Amy's record.

'Did I win? But why can't I hear anything? What is Shirone doing?'

When Iruki turned his head, Shirone was still on his knees, his face buried in his chest. It was like breathing, but it was a futile feeling that no life was felt.

Iruki moved his gaze to Shirone's display board.

1,253 points.

"Stop, senior! Shirone-senpai... ... !"

"Shirone won!"

Seriel interrupted Mark and ran out. He overpowered Iruki, a talented person who even gave him goosebumps. She wanted to kiss him instead of Amy. Although, of course, when she gave her permission.

Not to be outdone by juniors, they headed to the Image Zone. Both of you congratulated me and shook Shirone.

"Huh uh uh uh!"

After coming to his senses, Shirone opened his eyes wide and inhaled. As the mind buried in the realm of meaninglessness was reconstructed, things like names and emotions of objects were newly embedded.

While Shirone was buzzing around, no one approached Iruki. Nade was the only one who touched his shoulder.

"I lost in the end. But it was a great fight."

"Not very comforting. Because you want to win."

Nade smiled and turned to Shirone. It was a really great talent. It may seem like a simple targeting test to others, but he who knew Iruki's talent couldn't even guess how much realization Shirone had inside.

'Congratulations, Shirone.'

Surrounded by students, Shirone was not happy about the thrilling victory and had a sad face.

Ethella looked at him with a serious expression and was lost in thought.

The difference between Shirone and Iruki is only 6 points. But in terms of mental speed, 6 points was a huge difference.

'Shirone. no way... ... .'

In the final scene of Speed ??Gun, Shirone's spirit zone is completely filled with light. A situation that is absolutely impossible with a photon-output battery. But there was one exception.

'Are you saying it transcended numbers?'

There is no end to the number. Even if Iruki goes through a number sequence ceremony for 10,000 years, she cannot escape from the starting point of the number journey.

'Shirone, since when did you know?'

Sequence formulas expand numbers to strengthen the spirit. Then what would happen to the mind if it transcended numbers?

expands to infinity

Wizards call this phenomenon 'immortal function', which means an immortal function, but the monk Ethella knew another name.

'Nirvana (nirvana).'

It is a concept that does not need to be taught at the magic school level and should not be taught. Infinity is the domain at the finite symmetry point. This is because the existence of the object disappears the moment you enter it.

Tears welled up in Ethella's eyes.

'Shirone. then no. No matter how shiny it looks, no matter how brilliant it looks, the moment you enter infinity, you... ... .'

disappear

High monks realize the impermanence of the world through long asceticism and enter the world of nirvana leaving everything behind.

But it wasn't Shirone. Infinity was too dangerous for an 18-year-old boy who had to learn the world and realize his dreams.

'It's not perfect when you look at the end of it to the point of fainting. But if you're really into... ... .'

Etella wiped away her tears and approached Shirone. Shirone's sad face said it all.

"Shirone, you... ... ."

"I'm sorry, maam."

"Since when?"

"Very long... ... I went on a trip."

It was like a conversation between a monk and a Seon dialogue. Perhaps only Shirone knows the true intention.

Ethella could not offer any advice. Shiro realized it and he stopped himself, so the choice should have been given to him as well.

"Don't worry, maam. I really didn't expect that."

All Etella could do was look at Shirone with friendly eyes and say,

"Yes, Shirone. The teacher loves you."

The students opened their eyes wide and groaned.

"What are you saying?"

A teacher confesses his love to a student. Not only did the situation itself make no sense, but even the timing was odd.

Shirone deeply bowed her head with a reverent heart. The deep meaning of Ethella's words penetrated her heart.

"Stop, sir! Did you say you love me now? There are so many teachers' bodyguards at school, and if they betray you like this... ... !"

Ethella tilted her head.

"bodyguard? What is it? And the teacher loves you all."

"What, what? Was it like that? ha ha ha! me again! I love you too!"

"I love you too, sir!"

Male students started competing to confess their love. Ethella was not offended and stroked her students.

"Okay, let's finish the test. Gather everyone."

Students lined up in front of the image zone. As it was a test that I did my best, regardless of the result, they were relieved faces.

"Thanks for your efforts. Still, it's nice that the test days end early, right? I'm going to take a good rest and start practicing again from next time. Everyone has worked hard."

Ethella bowed her head in a monk's manner of greeting, and the students followed her, half for fun and half for respect.

"Thank you for your hard work, maam!"

Etella went down the mountain first to deliver the test results to the school. On the other hand, the students did not leave their seats easily, as if savoring the afterglow of the tremendous confrontation.

"Shirone! so good! I'm sure Amy will like it too. No, are you mad that your record was broken? How are you! Boyfriend won! Ho-ho-ho!"

Shirone was enduring Seriel's chatter with a tired face. He seemed like he could do anything if he could stop her talking.

As if Shirone's prayer had worked, Seriel miraculously stopped talking and looked around.

Iruki was approaching.

The students watched with interest. I wondered how the arrogant genius would handle the situation this time, but Iruki's words were surprisingly bland.

"I lost. It's a rout."

Shirone shook her head.

"no. I don't think so."

"At times like this, you don't have to be humble. Especially when you hear the declaration of defeat of a genius like me."

"I don't really feel like I won. This test was a targeting assessment. But the magic I cast at the end matched all the spaces."

"haha. It's really boring. After all, that's targeting. By increasing the power of the photon output, it was eliminated all at once. Don't worry, you won."

"If you ask me that way, so are you. A similar effect could have been achieved if the explosion had been maximized."

Iruki grabbed his belly button and giggled.

"Certainly there is a way. But it takes quite a long time to cause an explosion of that magnitude. Of course, I was quite desperate earlier, so I might have shortened the reaction, but it probably wouldn't have yielded good results anyway."

Shirone agreed. However, he couldn't bear to respond to Yiruki's appearance, which was so different from usual. Why did he start a fight when he could be so kindly persuaded?

"Are you sure you did that on purpose? Are you trying to provoke me?"

Iruki blinked as if he had an interesting opinion, and then said something out of the blue.

"I study explosions. An explosion that, to borrow your words, could kill everyone in the city."

Shirone's forehead creased gently.

"But Shirone, you are misunderstanding. An explosion is not a violent phenomenon. Violence has the will to hurt someone. But I have no will to explode. It's just energy much stronger than human standards."

"Lack of will doesn't mean people won't get hurt. Because it's people who handle that energy."

"That's right. So I define an explosion like this. Uncontrollable energy. By the way, Shirone. Energy is life force. So what if humans were able to completely control the explosion?"

Iruki spread his arms to express his greatness.

"A new era will open. An explosion powerful enough to blow up a city contains enough energy to feed 100,000 people. If we can control it, there will be no need for war to take possession of others, and everyone will lead a prosperous life."

A good feeling settled on Shirone's face.

"I wish I had told you that way from the beginning. There was no reason to fight."

Iruki smiled bitterly.

"I said An ideal is just an ideal. One wizard cannot change the world. Even if I could control the explosion, someone would kill tens of thousands of people with it. But Shirone, I will do it anyway. Because someone has to."

"then no. I know what you mean, but it's a choice that will make you unhappy too."

"haha! right! That's why it's like that to you!"

Iruki sat down on his seat and looked up at the sky.

"Shall we just hit it here? After playing roughly in Class 5, if this is boring, I dig into a dungeon or something. Maybe a dangerous guy like me shouldn't have been born."

Shirone looked down at Iruki with a complicated feeling. What is this child? Is he an idealist or a realist? Is he either he or is he an indefinable eccentric?

"So from now on you have to take care of me."

"yes? responsibility?"

"You can stop my runaway. If, in the distant future, the way I pursue causes tragedy... ... ."

Iruki said in a sincere voice.

"You stop me. If you decide that I am unworthy of being in this world, end my life with your own hands."

Iruki's way of thinking is cold. However, as much as he was, he was accurately seeing the light and darkness of the work he was pursuing.

Shirone thought that if it was something that must be done by someone else, then the right person should be Iruki.

"okay. I'll stop you. No, I will never make a terrible mistake."

Ned trembled as if he was thrilled, then hugged the two of them and went down the mountain.

"Aww! I really like you guys! Let's do our best in the future!"

Caught by Nade, Shirone and Iruki looked back at each other and smiled. It was the day the Three Musketeers of Class Five were formed.





(end of volume 2)

=======================================