=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1183.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Meaning of incident (2)
When Sirone’s party reached the convection layer of the sun, the flames coalesced and a phoenix was born.
The phoenix of the planet is also powerful, but if the place is the sun, it is a completely different dimension.
“You came at last.”
The stellar energy emitted by the Phoenix reduced the diameter of the Miracle Stream by 1 meter.
“I’ve been waiting for you, Ikael.” The party accepted Phoenix’s language with Ultima, Idea, and Mental Body.
Ikael said.
“I’m here to meet Satiel.”
“I guess so. But that’s stupid. Nothing can stand against the rules of the whole.”
“It’s something you don’t know until you try. Even if this universe perishes, only the heart will remain.”
I wanted to believe that.
“… … Do what you like. is your resting place But humans cannot go to the core. No, even though it is questionable how he could be here in the first place.” The phoenix looked back at the naked woman and the man engulfed in light, and exploded the flames.
“Leave!”
Even though they were shielded by the Miracle Stream, Sirone was dizzy.
‘It’s a great energy.’
Amy, aware that time was running out, stepped out of the tent.
A blinding light shot out, and her body burned again.
Phoenix’s eyes narrowed.
“Mother of Light. How can humans reach the source of a signal?
It is impossible.”
“Come on, Ikael.”
Amy said, rising slowly.
“I will take care of this.”
Ikael, who had been in conflict for a while, escaped the curtain of the Miracle Stream as if he had made up his mind.
“Suck!”
Her body went out like a candle, and her mind emerged from the sun’s flame.
“I’m sorry, Lady of the Sun. I cannot destroy Satiel like this. That’s the heart.”
Phoenix said, glaring at Amy.
“It is useless. You can’t convince God. It’s something no one can do.” Responding with silence, Ichael bends over and seeps into the sun’s core.
“Yes, a human with a fire idea.”
Phoenix straightened his upper body.
“I know you deserve to come to Ra. But in the end, you can’t get over me.”
“Is it really so?”
Amy’s flames turned into the brightest white light as if they were about to explode.
Sirone bit his lip.
‘6 meters in diameter.’
The range of Hexa that can be used in the harsh environment of the sun should be close to that of hand-to-hand combat.
‘I have no choice but to wait for an opportunity now.’
At that time, Phoenix, which had grown enormously, rushed at Amy like an arrow.
“Destroy!”
As they collided to such an extent that their shapes collapsed, a powerful shockwave hit Sirone.
Meanwhile, Satiel and Rayel, who had infiltrated the sun’s core, were desperately fighting.
“Big!”
Every time I tried to undo the course of the universe, I felt like my mental body was burning.
“why… …
Satiel screamed.
“Why are you denying us! why! why!”
The entity of God, represented by Ankera, never showed up to them.
“What are we here for?” for divine authority.
The moment humans reach God, cause and effect are reversed, and the status of creation and creation changes.
‘Even if it is… …
What authority does Yahweh have to change all the standards of the universe because of one error?
‘What are you made of us? What is the archangel’s noble concept? Do you have any sense of responsibility for the world you created, the rules you set, or the creation?’
God has no mind.
From the standpoint of the imaginary number, it is a cold existence that removes errors according to the program.
Ikael came through the radiant layer.
“Sathiel.”
Because it was infused into the mental body, there was no way to hide the emotions.
“Stop it now. You will become human. You and I become human beings.”
“Other angels!”
Satiel’s eyes filled with poison.
“I always think of you! What about other angels without hearts? You will only be used by humans!”
“Satiel, that’s… …
“Stop!”
As Rayel’s mental body attacked Ikael, numerous signals intersected in a complex way.
“I’m sorry, Ikael. I can not help it. You can’t be human like this.”
“If you continue like this, you will get caught in the wheel of the law and be crushed. I cannot endure without Yahweh.”
“haha! I bet!”
Satiel’s eyes filled with poison.
“Guppin, for doing dirty things with that lowly human! Don’t look at us the same as you!”
“Satiel, your actions are not for the angels either. You just want to gain strength and get revenge on me… …
“What is that!”
The core of the sun shook unsteadily as Satiel screamed.
“okay! I have a heart too What you receive from Guffin may be hope, passion, peace, and love… …
Satiel screamed.
“What I received is hatred and resentment, anger and betrayal, frustration and shame! That is my heart!”
Rayel’s mental body trembled like a wave.
“Satiel… …
Since the truth cannot be concealed in the state of the mental body, Ikael realized his heart.
‘It’s like that.’
The mind that I don’t want to see her struggling.
‘It’s really beautiful.’
Ikael was grateful that he could recall the precious time he had with Guffin.
“Satiel is right.”
Ikael said.
“Hope, peace and love live in my heart. But for Satiel, only the most painful feelings will remain: hatred, resentment, betrayal.”
These are two very different types.
“It is the heart after all.” Rayel’s mental body was shaken by the conflict.
“The law separated me and Satiel into the elect and the non-chosen. But the heart is not like that. I also have pain. I also have a grudge.”
The pain of losing the one you love the most.
“I can turn it back. It is possible here. Please let Satiel go.”
“no! Rayel, never!” What are you afraid of? Satiel shook his head in a half-mad state.
“Satiel won’t give up his stubbornness?
all.”
“I will prevent the change of the law. I’ll help. I can’t lose Satiel like this.”
Rayel, who could not be denied by any means, released the restraining force as if resigned.
“no! Do not come! I would rather perish now than share one mind with you!”
Despite Satiel’s desperate refusal, Ikael eventually assimilated with her mind.
Ataraxia was activated while the three archangels shared one spirit.
“Huh!”
The core of the sun shook greatly as the concepts of disintegration and light were greatly amplified.
“Ahhh.”
Satiel, who couldn’t deny Chimi’s sense of security, had no choice but to admit it.
‘Yes, I know.’
Only Ikael is qualified as an archangel.
‘I know. It’s not that the guffin was taken away. From the beginning, Guffin loved Ikael. but… … what am i no more I don’t even have anything left to resent.’
“I’m sorry.”
Ikael said.
“I was monopolized. Everything you wanted, I got it all.”
“you… …
The moment Satiel tried to push away Ikael’s spirit, a shocking signal came rushing in.
“Gurpin… …
Because lying is impossible.
“I have always been grateful to you. I was so sorry. because i can’t love you for hurting you.”
Satiel burst into tears.
“Huh??????:
It’s not gone.
“Guppin didn’t resent it. Because if it wasn’t for you, our love wouldn’t have come true. Rather, I always worried about you.”
I cried uncontrollably.
‘I, I… …
Even without a physical body, even after leaving the photon world, the Guffin was still alive here.
“Now, pay attention, Satiel.”
Although there is no form in the mind, Satiel felt Kael hugging him from behind.
“We are going to make it through.”
“Black!”
The hatred hadn’t gone away yet, but he had no intention of shaking off her hand.
‘Goes.’
Amplification, light, and disintegration—three great concepts shook the interior of the sun.
The 12th palace of the zodiac of the Delta headquarters.
With only one small black hole left, Kitra immediately intuited a change in prognosis.
“You’re interfering all the way.”
The displeasure grew as not long before the Divine Law was fulfilled.
Of course, it was only a matter of emotion, and the Archangel could not defeat God’s decision.
“They call it physics.” In a world that only exists in such a way, creatures have created numerous formulas.
“Creatures, answer me. Is there a case where adding 1 and 1 does not equal 2? does not exist. Because God ordained it that way. So whatever you guys do… …
Kitra spread her arms.
“I am omnipotent, omniscient, and absolute.”
Pyramids all over the world emitted light as the black hole doubled in size.
The radius of overlapping events began to widen.
Sirone, who was blown away by the shock wave from Amy’s phoenix, felt an eerie feeling.
‘The law of the sun has changed drastically.’ that kind of feeling.
As the information of the simultaneous incident flooded in beyond time and space, he realized the full extent of the situation.
‘Kitra.’
As the magnetic field expanded around the pyramid, human desire grew.
‘The more you do, the stronger the devil becomes. If we continue like this, humanity will really come to an end.’
Even if Yahweh reached the ultimate in his heart, the law of the sun also had a status corresponding to it.
‘How should I stop it?’
Thinking of what she could do, Sirone considered the possibilities.
‘It’s 50 to 50.’
in fact… … he was not confident
‘Because I’ve never tried. No, it will probably affect the simultaneous events.’
It was such a dangerous and huge history, but now there was no place for mankind to retreat.
‘Please hold on a little longer, mother.’ Sirone, who cheered for Ikael with her heart, moved away from the sun at the fastest speed.
Meanwhile, Amy and Phoenix also stopped fighting due to a powerful solar wind from the sun.
“You’ve earned God’s wrath.”
said Phoenix.
“Give up, human. It is impossible to change the laws of God. no matter how… …
It returned to space as if the phoenix’s neck would break.
“huh?”
The massive, powerful identity of the law was at a distance that could not be confirmed with the naked eye.
Amy murmured.
“Sirone?”
“Speak, nonsense. How could a human being have such a huge law… … . This is impossible.”
At this moment, what the source of the signal feels is a clear photon signal, not a quantum one.
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“Whoa!”
The mental power gained from being away from the sun was concentrated between the two palms facing each other.
‘Material Earl.’
The law of God is blocked by the law.
………
All kinds of materials escaped between the open palms and began to combine at a tremendous speed.
Machinery the size of one planetary nation is endlessly assembled.
“Ugh! Ugh!”
Connecting at sublight speed, they began to wind around the Sun’s equator like a giant belt.
Phoenix shouted.
“I will cover the entire sun! How dare you be a human!”
Of course, even with the intellectual abilities of the 5-dimensional library, the technology of the outside world cannot catch up.
“Aaaaaaa!” If you can implement the scale of the stellar scale, you can manipulate the law with your current technology.
“oh my god… …
With even Amy at a loss for words, an unprecedented construction took its first steps.
“Mika.”
■Construction progress is 0.00002 percent.
The blueprints in the Tesseract are supermassive artificial structures that control 100% of stellar energy.
‘Okay, let’s do it until the end to see who wins.’
It was called Sirone Spear.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1184.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Meaning of incident (3)
Spirit of Ymir, 1.5 layers deep.
“Live.”
Gangnan said.
“You don’t have to be by my side, so do whatever you want. I will never resent you.”
What I realized when Ymir’s Ultima, 10 billion eyes infiltrated the 1.5th floor.
‘A man who lived a life I could not have imagined’
Sleep.’
It was Gaold’s unusual self-denial and his obsession with Miro.
‘Sain must have the same idea.’
As long as Miro chose Gaold, the father-daughter relationship was now just a façade of emotions.
The Sein family entered Gangnan’s house.
“There was.”
After dismantling the Tamo organization, the market was smooth, but they closed their business.
‘Find the wrong picture.’
The line between dreams and reality became clearer, and what remained was a matter of choice.
“I decided to live here.”
Gangnan said.
“This is the conclusion I came to after much thought. Because I realized how painful the reality is. I will live here.”
Even Sein could not object.
As Arius whimpered, Miro approached Gaold at the table.
“Are you okay?”
It was only for a moment that he tasted the pain of reality, but Gaold was in a state of shock for a while.
“??????okay.”
“Kang Nan and Dad gave permission, so it’s over now. It’s good for you. Because I got a pretty little bride like me.”
little bride.
asked Gaold, who was smoking a cigarette.
“Aren’t you asking for my opinion?”
“What do you want to ask? I know now how tenacious you are. Why, don’t you like it?” It was awkward for Miro to get to know Gaold in real life, even if no one else knew about it.
“Aha, got it. Mister, is it because waiting until I grow up is crazy?”
Gaold quit smoking.
“Don’t be ridiculous, kid. If you know how I’ve been, just shut up
there is.”
Miro also knows.
That Gaold was the one who endured 20 years in the terrible hell of pain.
‘Yes, this is correct.’
The world has been perfected by Miro’s compromise, and Ymir will not be able to penetrate it.
Sein asked.
“by the way… … How about Sirone?”
Since that day, Sirone, who had fallen asleep, remained asleep as if she had died.
Mong-a, who was standing next to Louver, said
“I tried many methods, but to no avail. Even if it was a dream within a dream, it would be possible to approach it… …
“There were conditions.”
Louver said.
“Isn’t it only when the dream keeper approves that even the dream keeper cannot read the dream?”
Gangnan asked.
“Did you ever approve?”
“A long time ago… …
I once accepted the offer of a man who is now called the first yora.
“The conditions are simple. with the same ideals
I heard there is a story I want to tell you. Call it a dream come true. This dream may revive the will, but… …
I don’t know.
“When will you wake up?”
“I don’t know. Time doesn’t matter in dreams. It is a matter of how much information is processed. When all the data of the lore dream is transferred, the dream within the dream ends.”
At that moment, Sirone suddenly straightened her waist like a bow and shook her arms.
“Oh Dae-sung!”
Mong-a looked around, but he was unconscious.
“What happened?”
Looking at Sirone, who was almost convulsing, Louver put on a serious expression.
‘In a dream, Oh Dae-seong is not affected by simultaneous events. So what is being affected is… …
Demon Sword Armand.
The ability integrated under the name of material is working strongly in reality.
“Convulsions?”
How strong is it that the unconscious master suffers so much?
The louver looked at the sky of the world on the 1.5th floor.
‘What are you doing?’
Glaring at the sun, Sirone gritted her teeth.
“Big!”
A huge amount of material was pouring out from between the gaping palms.
Materials that transcend human knowledge even endured the harsh space environment.
‘I can’t finish it all at once. First of all, a ring-shaped skeleton that wraps around the diameter of the sun… …
-The construction progress is 0.00134 percent.
The work efficiency reached approximately 64 billion man-months, but it was far from reaching the 1 percent progress rate.
‘I have to do it.’
When God’s law is fulfilled, this universe will come to an end in one of the bubbles.
The solar wind hit.
“Keugh!”
Again, the law was twisted, and the aftermath was immediately perceived through simultaneous events.
‘are you okay. Mommy will buy you time.’
If you can finish in it.
As the power of the material was increased, the boundary line where the material was output became red-hot.
At the same time as it was born, mechanical devices assembled at the speed of light glided through outer space.
The aftermath of the final adjustment directly hit the Pyramid of Truth in the kingdom of Paras.
As the letters on the wall were replaced with new concepts, the baptism of seals flooded in again.
“Aww! no! No!”
Glenn, a priest of Lamie, desperately held on to the spirit that was about to turn.
“I mean, I love Rukia… …
Glenn’s cause.
Rukia dismissed it as mere memories, but for Glenn, it was an event that changed the outcome of his life.
Born into a poor family, Glenn had to live a harsh life from an early age.
It was when Glenn’s parents believed in Lamie that a ray of light shone.
Luckily, I was able to enter the monastery, where I met Rukia’s family.
“hi? I am Rukia.”
“uh… … okay. It’s Glenn. Nice to meet you.”
The two seventeen-year-olds quickly opened up, but the parents’ situation was a little more complicated.
It was a monastic missionary day.
“Glenn, mother. Thank you for coming here even though you are busy. May the grace of Krea be with you.”
Rukia’s mother, a priest, was kind to everyone, and Glenn’s mother liked her too.
“Thank you. It’s something you have to do.”
Even at that time, Glenn and Rukia were working together to preach to the villagers.
Rukia’s mother smiled.
“The two always stick together. nice to see Glenn is such a brilliant young man.”
I shouldn’t have listened.
‘At that time, I wasn’t listening to that.’ Glenn’s mother was also embittered because no parent would take offense at her son’s praise.
“Rukia is really nice and healthy. He is said to be the next high priest in the monastery.”
“no. What is the high priest?”
“I hope Glenn and Rukia do well. If the two of them continue after they grow up… …
The word was cut off there.
It was because he saw the anger in the eyes of Rukia’s mother, who was always kind.
“Ah, I said something presumptuous… …
“Mother Glen, don’t say that again. Even if you are a believer, I want you to keep the line.”
“sorry. sorry.”
Glenn, unable to watch his mother lower her head any longer, turned her head away.
Rukia asked.
“Glenn, what’s wrong?”
“Nothing.”
“Nothing? Is there a lot of anger on your face? Did I do something wrong?”
“Rukia.”
Glenn clenched his fists.
“I am not feeling well. I’ll go in and rest.” As time passed, the feelings faded, but the wounds in Glenn’s heart did not heal.
“no!”
Glenn grabbed his head.
“You said you wanted to have Rukia just for that reason? I am… … I loved you with all my heart!”
love, beautiful language.
“Why are you bewitching me! Do you think you’ll be shaken by something like this? I am a priest of Lamie!”
How many things we ignore just because they are beautiful to hear.
“God, look down on me! Drive this devil’s cunning out of me!”
Glenn, praying, heard hallucinations.
Glenn, Glenn.
“I believe in God. Please save me.”
There are no demons.
“Huh! have mercy on me… … Whoa! I entrust my everything to you… …
Wasn’t it the result of what you did?
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Body fluids trickled from Glenn’s eyes, nose, and mouth as he buried his head on the ground.
It was the night back at the monastery.
“Glenn, why? You haven’t spoken to me since before. Should I tell you what’s going on?”
“go back! Just leave me alone!” yelled Glenn.
“… … okay. talk tomorrow good night.” Hearing the sound of Rukia spinning, Glenn wiped everything in her room.
“Something like dogs!”
still unresolved
“Yes, this is poor. You’re saying it’s disgusting for a guy like me to have a daughter, right? But you know what? Rukia likes me If I, if I put my mind to it… … !”
Glenn raised his chin.
“I can break it right now. I will never dream of becoming a high priest for the rest of my life…”
“no!”
The moment Glenn shouted, countless letters lit up on the walls around him.
“You son of a bitch! why are you doing this to me! I really love you now! I was so angry at that time… … !”
Then the events began to overlap.
“Aww!”
He banged his head against the wall but did not die, and that was Glenn’s last courage.
“Hugh! Hehe!”
He made many choices, but in his life, which is getting more and more ruined.
“Huh!”
Glenn finally realized.
‘I disappear.’
It is just a human being among human beings.
Just when I felt my skull open, I heard a familiar voice from across the hallway.
“Glenn!”
Rukia was running.
“Glen! You were here! How many times have I found… … !”
“Kuaaa!”
Glenn, who made a monstrous noise, stood up and strangled Rukia.
“die! I mean die!”
“Uh, Glenn… …
Glenn’s face, looking up from the floor, was distorted like an animal.
“You didn’t love me! I regretted it! I had no choice but to accept it because you were with me that night!”
“no.”
Rukia was also baptized by phosphorus, so she knew what Glenn was talking about.
“You are too young! I was just scared! I love you now! Really, Glenn!”
“die!”
Compressing his neck, Rukia grabbed Glenn.
‘God’s right hand.’
It can stir and change people’s minds like water, but it rarely catches on.
‘I lost my mind.’
“die! die! die!”
With the weight of her body in her hands, Glenn had no choice but to use her last resort.
‘The devil’s left hand.’
Just holding his shoulder for a brief moment made Glenn’s body twist like a pretzel.
As Glenn collapsed on his side and struggled in pain, Rukia looked at him again.
“Glen! are you okay? Come to your senses!”
“Turn it off… …
As he groaned as his whole body twisted, he heard footsteps in the darkness behind him.
“Mr. Youfra.”
Where Rukia turned around, Great Swordsman Yufra was walking with unfocused eyes.
He slowly raised his sword and said.
“Everything is according to God’s will… …
Humans who have lost their cause become oparts, mere objects.
“God is waiting for us!”
As the sword was about to cut Rukia’s head, a chunk of light flew from the side.
With a thump, Yufra crashed into the wall, and Sirone appeared from around the corner.
“Miss Rukia! are you okay?”
“ah??????
The moment she saw Sirone’s eyes, which contain human emotions, she shed tears.
“Yahweh.”
It was a heart that was not shaken by the law.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1185.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Meaning of incident (4)
Youfra, who collapsed with her back against the wall, glared at Sirone with bitter eyes.
“Kurrrrr!”
He howled in a low voice like a beast, then raised his sword again and charged.
Sirone was lost in thought.
‘Is the human heart free from the law?’
Veron problem.
Seeing the gold that fell on the floor, having a beautiful reason right in front of you, holding mighty power in your hands… … .
‘How many will not be shaken?’
A world governed by the law.
And now, the cold god was manipulating human beings by directly intervening in the cause.
‘Opparts.’
A man who has lost his mind is nothing but an object.
“Yahweh, you are an error.”
Therefore, the words spoken now were God fabricating and conveying the cause of Yufra.
I broke out in a cold sweat.
‘Amidst the overlapping of events, Youfra must have chosen an endless life. But in the end, he couldn’t do more than become God’s tool and became Opartz.’
There is only one reason.
‘Because they are animals of desire.’
Because I can’t choose displeasure, because I can’t die, because I don’t want to give in.
‘The desires of oneself and others collide, and the process eventually becomes a predictable law… …
calculated by god
‘Can you manipulate the human mind? Are we just instruments of the law?’
The moment the blade touched Sirone’s neck, the rich light pushed Yufra aside.
As he crashed into the wall with a thump, the smoke of light gradually changed into the form of a hand and crushed him.
“Don’t talk nonsense. I’m not in error As long as I am present, the Veron issue is still valid.”
Because you can never be wrong.
There was no word called yuprah.
God manipulated him with the law, but he did not have the ability to interpret his true nature.
“Yahweh.”
The light went out in Yufra’s eyes.
“You are an error.”
His head fell completely down as if the machine had stopped working.
‘Dead.’
No, is it blocking access?
When the Hand of God was annihilated, Yufra’s body collapsed in a standing state.
Seeing the results of the oparts with her own eyes, Sirone turned her gaze to the fallen Glenn.
“Please save Glenn. please… …
‘It’s not an o-parts.’
He must have reached the brink, but he did not completely lose his mind with Rukia’s appearance.
“I’ll see you soon.”
The joints in the demon’s left hand were twisted, but thanks to the quick release of the hand, nothing was broken.
Recovered with the Miracle Stream, Sirone pushed the light of Agape.
“Big! Kill me, Rukia. I will kill you.”
Sirone shook her head.
“Even Yahweh cannot change the cause of Mr. Glenn. He has experienced numerous incidents, and in the process, did he reach this state by his own will?
all.”
Still believing in the power of the mind, Sirone did not want to say that she was manipulated by God.
“It’s hard to deny the whole life you’ve lived. But in the end, it is only you who can change your mind. He has no choice but to trust Mr. Glenn.”
Rukia wept.
“I saw it too. Glenn’s past, and how High Priest Maximus treated me.”
Sirone brought the news of Maximus’ death in the Heavenly Village.
“I see. I don’t know now. I trusted Glenn. I don’t think love is all that beautiful.”
“It is beautiful.”
Sirone said, supporting Glenn.
“It doesn’t matter what the name of that feeling is. The important thing is the heart that carries through with it.”
“A heart that perseveres… …
“If you really love Glenn, don’t give up. Then whatever it is, it will be beautiful.” Realizing something, Rukia woke up.
“Now I know why I didn’t become like Glenn or Mr. Youfra. I had to come here.”
‘Come to think of it… …
A superposition of events occurred within the pyramid, but the cause did not change for Rukia.
“I see.”
There was only one reason.
“To God, Rukia-san is already a finished result. It’s no coincidence that you met Ares or that Glenn brought you here. but… … Why?”
Why did God need Rukia?
“The Devil’s Left Hand.”
It was a sudden change that came to the woman who was performing miracles with the right hand of God.
Rukia shouted.
“I think I know how to meet God! Please find people!”
It must have been the reason why God called Sirone here.
‘I guess I’ll use it as a tool too. But it won’t go your way.’
It sounded like hallucinations.
-Save yourself from the terrible truth.
“Okay, let’s go.”
Following Sirone, Rukia looked at the unconscious Glenn’s face.
‘No one can help. You have to do it, Glenn. I won’t be shaken either.’
Green Ocean.
The elves’ weapon against the fairy invasion was natural Mother Nature, the flood itself.
Giant trees brandished their branches like whips, and rock golems trampled the tiny bodies.
Whoops!
The terrifying sound made the Fairy troops wince.
“Sheesh! There is no resistance.”
“You expected this much. Rather, we should focus on catching the test subjects.”
Crown wanted an elf.
“That was also the story when I penetrated this strange forest. cowardly bastards. Hiding behind Mother Nature.”
“A fire tribe or something, they have tremendous abilities. They say they control the whole flood.”
Then a great vibration was heard.
“Is it yet?”
When the fairies turned around, the archangel of destruction, Yuriel, was striding forward.
“Ah, Archangel.”
He said, turning his knuckles of paradise.
“Back off.”
Before he could hear an answer, Uriel rushed into the forest and struck the ground with his goon of paradise.
‘Chun Bo-ryun.’
A radius of several hundred meters in the forest exploded.
“Huhhhh!”
The seismic wave arrived at the same time Protea, the leader of the Fire Tribe, crouched down.
Enox, the head of the elves, approached.
“What happened?”
“The small world creation was cut off for a while. The power of an archangel is so ferocious.”
Most of the Hwajok died in the Asmodian War, and only a dozen or so remained alive.
Florino, who controlled the river to extinguish the fire in the forest, spoke in a despairing voice.
“I will be pushed away like this. Why is Yahweh not coming? hello we are… … Is it something that cannot enter human life?”
“It’s not like that, Flallino.”
Enox said.
“We must save ourselves. If you don’t have a heart to fight and struggle like a human being, nothing will change even if Yahweh comes. They will eventually become livestock.”
“but… …
“Humans would have been afraid. Humans must have suffered too. You cannot reach it unless you go beyond it.”
at the center of the world.
“ruler! Let’s go, elves! How long are you going to be stigmatized as a coward by the fairies!”
300 elves agreed with their eyes.
“All troops out… … !”
Before Enox could finish his words, a huge shockwave surged 100 meters ahead.
“Keugh!”
As the dust was blown away with wind magic, the gigantic Yuriel was approaching.
‘Awesome power… …
Among those with will, it is probably one of the most powerful weapons in the entire universe.
“Why do you get involved in a showdown between the servants?” Like Yahweh, the Archangel has no reason to interfere in the battle between the Elves and the Fairies.
“well.”
Uriel bent his lower body.
“Is it because I am also a species’?”
Just by lowering my posture, I felt the power as if I was watching an explosion.
While the elves’ faces were pale, Enox was also dizzy.
“End the war.”
The fairies shouted.
“Mrs. Uriel! Leave the elves alive… …
Before he could even finish his words, Uriel was already rushing forward, spinning the wheel of paradise.
‘Is it over… …
Just as Enox fell into despair, a man slashed the side of Uriel.
received.
As Yuriel flew away with a bang, the faces of the elf and fairy became dazed.
“… … you are?”
A handsome man in a gray coat, with curly hair and steel eyes.
“Golden Dragon Metira.”
Then, a gong sound was heard, and the remaining 12 apostles landed simultaneously.
“iced coffee.”
Enox’s eyes turned red.
‘Yes, Yahweh did not abandon us.’
Poine, the poison dragon, smiled.
“It is against the law for another species to intervene in a fight for the fate of a species. Isn’t that right, Uriel?”
He walked with a thump thump on the ground.
“You are an uninvited guest.”
The light dragon Phaeton, a blonde boy sitting in the center of the 12 apostles, opened his mouth.
“why? Are you suddenly upset? do not worry. Because you alone are enough for me.”
“It’s 1 in 12.”
Uriel raised his right arm.
“Fighting with one arm would be balanced. If you want, you can take out the paradise too.”
“Heh heh! Hehehehe!” Half of Phaeton’s face, which had hardened into a smile, transformed into a dragon.
“You, come here, it’s a baby.”
As Uriel waved his hand as if to invite you to come, the boy’s eyes glowed.
“Sir… …
Before Phaeton could fly, the fire dragon Inpercus rushed at Uriel.
“Let’s get right.”
Her body, clad in leather tights, burned and turned the hall into a sea of fire.
Enox, who cast water magic, gritted his teeth.
‘This is the beginning.’ The war between elves and fairies.
Whoever wins this war will be absorbed into humanity and will change the future of the world.
‘Who will carry it through.’
The results of the tribal war were still being piled up at the destination of information after passing through the filter of the law.
Apocalypse.
The sudden shaking of the ground made the Sirone mining team look around.
“what?”
The intensity wasn’t strong, but it was a vibration that felt like the entire world was changing.
“Sirone! this!”
The artifact Marsha was holding in her hand began to rust and wear out quickly.
“A new future is being built. That’s a lot of speed.”
Sirone bit his lip.
‘That means that the change of the law is rapid. What big variables are applied?’
sedimentation of time.
In a situation where all current events were pushed back to the past, the mining team was very tense.
“End, is it over?”
A world of apocalypse that was completely different from before the earthquake awaited.
“… … Clean.”
A state-of-the-art mechanical city was built instead of a messy landscape of building debris.
Marsha asked.
“So who won? Elf? Fairy? Who built this city?”
Seven androids came out from between the buildings.
“uh?”
It had an egg-shaped head, a black liquid crystal on the front, and a silvery metal body.
‘It’s like high gear.’
All of them were wearing the same monk’s robes and had electronic rosary beads stuffed around their necks and hands.
“Finding Rebirth.”
Android turned around at the same time.
“Sheesh! I got caught.”
While the parrot mercenary was on guard, a behemoth ran vertically on the screen of the android.
“Color immediately. color immediately.”
Sirone was surprised by the depth of realization written on the liquid crystal rather than their cold mechanical sounds.
‘Buddha?’
Marsha asked like someone who was in a hurry.
“Sirone, is this your enemy? huh? please call me an enemy That way you can run away without looking back.”
“Color immediately. color immediately.”
Humanity’s final evolutionary stage – Final Type Jet (Z).

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1186.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The destination of mankind (1)
Apocalypse’s mining team couldn’t identify the pia with the android in front of them.
“What are you guys? Are you a human or a machine’?”
“We are Jet.”
said the leading android.
“Those who realized the principles of the universe. It is a completely flawless existence without any afflictions.”
“Run away.”
The moment Sirone spoke, the people who called themselves “Jet” assumed the posture of a class leader.
“Salvation of sentient beings.”
When the Sanskrit was engraved on their faces, a metal sphere was born around them.
‘Carbonization’
It was a way for machines to penetrate living things.
“Color immediately. color immediately.”
As the spheres that protruded like flashes bombarded the front, the roar of the explosion embroidered the city.
“Keugh!”
The mining team hidden behind the Miracle Stream was surprised to see a floor that was not even incontinent.
“damn! What is it made of?”
“The Law.”
Sirone said.
“This is a city that is governed by the law. Our hearts cannot influence it.”
maybe flawless.
“go.”
Sirone cast Hand of God.
“I will stop them, mine information. We must know the cause.”
Marsha said.
“But how? more in this world
There are no abnormal artifacts. It’s been cleaned.”
The relics that Marsha possessed had already turned to dust and disappeared a long time ago.
“Because it is the law, there must be a database. Find the main system and hack it.”
Marsha asked perplexedly.
“Is that Buddha? So now… … Are you telling us to hack the Buddha?” The jets that printed the word on the facial liquid crystal analyzed Sirone’s Hand of God.
“The pinnacle of agony.”
The leading Jet said.
“Suffering sentient beings, come follow us. Afflictions come from ignorance, so if you realize the principle of the entire universe and get rid of doubts, your anguish will disappear.”
“Are you going to make me a machine too?”
“Creating the boundary between life and death is just an obsession. You just have to accept one truth.”
one truth.
‘After all, it is the Law, not the heart, that is integrated. And if the result is the world unfolding before your eyes… …
God won.
‘No, nothing has been decided.’
If a variable occurs anywhere in the five systems, the apocalypse will also change.
‘In a world that has reached the pinnacle of the law, it would be difficult to hack the database right away… …
If the Sirone Spear is completed, if the 12 Apostles win, if the world behind it is purified.
‘Or whatever!’
Sirone clenched his fists.
“The fight is not over. Humans, mankind will definitely rise above the law.”
“Desire only breeds pain. Get away from the obsession of existence and open the door to rebirth in paradise.”
The tone was benevolent, but bullets containing vicious laws were born around Jet.
“Stubbornness.”
Shirone, who blocked the fleeing mining team, deflected the bullet with her Hand of God.
pop! pop! pop! pop!
Every time the law exploded, my mind was dizzy.
‘ tremendous.’
It wasn’t as much as me who chose apostasy, but the machine’s realization was powerful in itself.
After blocking the attack with the skill of the mind, the jets expressed their emotions with a moment of silence.
“… … King of the living.”
A single behemoth fills the liquid crystal.
“hmm.”
Between the buildings, the jets that printed the same letters rushed in with a low sound.
“Ohhhhhhm.”
Cold sweat broke out on Sirone’s back at the uncountable number.
‘I won’t be able to last long.’ As the time for Geese’s press conference approached, the protests in front of Delta grew louder.
“Gys, King of Jive, resign!”
“Bring out the ruler who commits corrupt things with the tax of the citizens! Bring it out!”
Amid all the echoes, Geese stood in front of the office window.
“You bastard children!”
With his chin lifted and his teeth clenched, he was masturbating with his right hand.
“Talk more, huh? Try to excite me more.”
Myron, who was reviewing the materials for the press conference, approached me, fixing his glasses.
“The draft was written. Please check.”
“Haha! Haha!”
Exhaling heavily and shaking his upper body, he roughly grabbed the papers Myron held out.
“Ah, sir! Shake it up.”
“Ah yes.”
While Myron replaced Geese’s hand, snake-like sharp eyes scanned the contents.
“what is this? Who wrote the draft?”
“Secretary’s office… …
“No, done. does this make sense? To shed tears over the death of her daughter?”
“By stimulating the sensitivity… …
“Who doesn’t know that! That’s too contrived! Do you know how quick-witted the citizens are these days?”
Geese tapped the papers.
“No matter who it is, the reporter is not going to ask. Then he suddenly cried… … uh? Why can’t I read the trend of the times? That’s why you can’t get ahead.”
“sorry.”
“The pain of losing a child is nothing in the world and erase this sentence. It’s too aggressive. Will parents who have not died live in sorrow? It seems like you’re trembling just because the kid died.”
“All right.”
“Don’t use the inversion method. The point of stuttering is concentrated in the second half. Spread out a bit… …
As Geese went to the desk to get the pen, Myron ducked.
“it’s okay. Fix it like this.”
“yes.”
Released from the role of his right hand, he received the papers and Geese went back to the window.
Citizens’ voices were heard.
“The King resigns! Resign!”
“Quack! will i die of boredom? The more I do, the more I will eat. You guys eat this and fall… … Whoops!”
Geese flinched.
“Big!”
While editing the draft, Myron looked at Geese’s back as he groaned wildly.
‘Are you really human?’
How much do you have to belittle others to not feel shame when you do something like this?
‘Just as there is no human being to be ashamed of taking off clothes in front of animals. To Geese, human means… …
The concept of cattle or less.
“Whoa, cool. Are you done editing?”
“Ah yes.”
As Gis approached, raising his trousers, Myron politely handed over the amendment.
“Okay, let’s go like this.”
“It’s 10 minutes before the press conference. You must go to the conference room. Xinjiang will protect you.”
In the place prepared at the Delta Headquarters, there were not only reporters but also important people from each country.
said the albino.
“If Gis comes, it must mean that the aftermath is over. You’d want to shake everything off here, but… …
Tormia’s trap was still there.
“His Highness is in the position!” While all the reporters stood up, Gis came up to the podium with a firm expression on his face.
“hello. Citizens of the capital, citizens of the noble territories. I am always here… …
After the speech, questions from reporters continued.
“Is it true that you attended a secret banquet? They say there was perverted behavior.”
“That is not true.”
“Then are you saying the article is false? It is a matter of death. Please be honest.”
“Of course there was a banquet. However, it was just a normal seat in the temple. There was no sexual entertainment, and there was no substance to the deaths.”
Everything that happened at the temple was a top secret unless you were determined and leaked information.
“Are you sure you didn’t do it?”
“Everyone, this sanctuary is a place that will determine the future of mankind. Under such circumstances, would it be common sense for the kings of each country to gather and hold such a meeting that is difficult to mention?”
I do not know.
Because no one has ever been king.
“There are rumors of Princess Rebecca’s death. Can you shed some light on that?”
In an instant, the blood drained from Geese’s face.
When I thought of my daughter’s face, my lips trembled and my heart felt like it would break.
“My daughter… … Whoops!”
Gis sobbed without suppressing his emotions.
‘It’s just that.’
The albino’s eyes grew cold.
‘It’s not without emotion. No, to be precise, it should be said that he understands emotions.’
It is true that you are sad about your daughter’s death.
‘So what is it?’
Geese thought to himself.
‘My son died, I’m sad, what are you saying? sad is sad Do I have to starve at least?’
said the albino.
“I feel emotions, but that’s it. I use it because I can see it coldly. No shame, no conscience, even grief over the death of a child.”
“So strong.”
It will be the pinnacle of psychological murder.
“By natural selection, carnivores have fangs. If human society is also an arena of weak meat, it is correct to view the lack of emotion as a kind of evolution.”
“If you look back on human history, the rulers of the times were all cruel.”
“okay. If feeding and breeding are what accelerated the evolution of animals, money and power change humans. Isn’t it a power that can’t be compared to the fang of a beast? That’s how emotions are quickly castrated, and the 1.5th generation of mankind is born.”
“at last… … Will only those people remain?” “well. I know it goes against the banner of humanity. It’s just that if you release 100 people from the 1.5 generation and 100 people from the first generation in the same space, what will happen? The first generation will end in an instant.”
I couldn’t deny it.
“emotion. Every human being knows how weak that soft word can make a human being. You know, but you can’t throw it away. Just as herbivores love grass, emotions are the reason humans live. But predators have a different taste.”
“Eat the grass, eat the animal.”
“okay. Even now.”
Geese continued to speak, hiding his black feelings.
“I feel responsible for disturbing your planting. So, here I am… … he bent over
“I formally ask for your forgiveness. If you give me a chance to make up for it, I will show you in the temple.”
The pen tips of the reporters almost flew around in the unprecedented situation of the king’s apology.
the albino murmured.
“It’s a decisive blow.”
In fact, Gis, who was lowering his head deeply, felt refreshed as if he were going to fly away.
‘Yeongda, it’s your favorite food. how is it? Are you feeling great? Is this your first time?’
The king apologized to the citizens.
‘You guys can live if you just build up your self-respect. but i am not You should have all the most expensive things in the world. You have to take all the girls you like. They say that we have to enjoy every day luxury that human beings cannot enjoy even if they earn a lifetime.’
But pride?
‘You’re talking nonsense. You idiots, the waist and the head are organs that are meant to bend from the beginning. I think I use it to pick up things that have fallen on the ground. What if you give meaning to what even a three-year-old can do… …
that it is so easy.
‘Ah, good.’
The thought that he could reign over them again from now on made his sexual desire boil.
‘I am the king. take it all away why? Because I have the ability to do that.’
the reporter shouted.
“Don’t make fun of me! Citizens are not stupid enough to be fooled by political gestures!”
Another reporter objected.
“Be careful with your words! He is definitely the King of Jive! Be polite!”
‘Quickly finish it. or go back annoying.’
Sooner or later, the reaction of the citizens who read the article would be hot, but Geese did not care.
‘No matter what you say…
There will never be a unified opinion.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1187.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Humanity’s destination (2)
Chemical company system control branch.
The assembly hall where the Siok contest was held was in the aftermath of the battle.
The noise from outside came through the hole through which Son Yoo-jung had escaped with Mortar Singer.
‘Is it black?’
There might be a reason for not entering the office building, but it didn’t seem safe outside either.
Lethe said.
“Yahweh, break your stubbornness. This is the last time I will treat you as a top customer.”
As the magic of reality amplified, the power of the agent became stronger beyond imagination.
Even if they were administrators, their hidden codes were also based on Ma.
“My thoughts don’t change. Six brains, tell me how to purify the central processing unit.”
It was a device that calculated the karma of the underworld, made up of aborted children.
“It’s impossible… …
Lethe sighed and opened her eyes.
“Tell me how many times!”
As the flame of purification burned in her body, the directors trembled with fear.
“Then there is no compromise.”
“… … good.”
The door to the meeting hall opened and a huge number of demons completely blocked the entrance.
“From today, this place will become a sacred place for the demons. Yahweh, your grave will be built.” As time passed, Ma would become stronger, and one day he would not be able to overcome it.
‘There must be a way.’
Lette is… … what are you hiding?
stokehold.
Etella looked at the brains of fetuses clustered between city-sized cliffs.
‘Poor children.’
Limbo has no karma.
It is because they have been eliminated without being able to do anything just because they exist.
Even so, the reason they are in hell is only because of their attachment to life.
‘I must want to live.’
But what will you do with a life like this?
There was only one way to purify the physical brain, and it was when they gave up their lives on their own.
‘Can I do it?’
I’m struggling to live like that.
“eww “
Ethella frowned at the pain in her lower abdomen and bowed her back.
‘I’m afraid.’
It was still a life as small as a seed, but it was desperately preventing it from becoming Limbo.
‘ Sorry.’
our baby
‘Mom has to relieve those children’s resentment. That’s why she came to this place mom.’
Ethella learned love through the sacrifice of her teacher Raphael for Chagall.
‘I can do it.’
Now that she is also a mother, life is growing in her belly… … .
‘I can appease Limbo’s bitterness.’ If the world is purified like that, human life will be much better than now.
Ethella took a step.
“Huh”
The moment I saw the far-off ledge where the flames were burning, I groaned spontaneously.
death is not afraid
As long as she came here with the bridle of Taegeuk, she is destined to die even if she wants to die.
‘How much will those children, the children before them, resent me.’
Becoming the godmother of aborted children and embracing the pain of all of them and disappearing.
‘you can do it. No, that’s what I have to do.’
If there is a reason for everything in this world, having Chagall’s child must be destiny.
‘Chagall.’
Although they are connected by the Taegeuk chain, Chagall did not respond to Etela’s feelings.
Rather, what was felt from the chain was the half-mad Chagall’s endless anger.
‘You’re a pitiful person too.’
If he hadn’t been manipulated by divine law, he would probably have been a good friend.
‘A family is meaningless.’
Because the law prints the truth as it is like a print.
“but… …
I want to assume
‘Humans can make assumptions. To throw one’s mind at all uncertainties. Because that’s the heart.’
Chagall could have been a good man.
‘I’m going with that thought.’
As soon as I took another step, I felt a great pain in my stomach holding the fetus.
“Huh!”
Little life is what you don’t want to die.
“Sorry.”
Ethella wept.
As much as he realized love, there was no way that his own veins in his stomach wouldn’t be in pain.
“I will not let you live here.”
extinction is
A pain far greater than the pain in her stomach tore her chest apart, but her will was unbroken.
“Let’s go.”
What can’t be done without
was
Chagall howled like a snake.
“Kiyi!”
Killing everything in sight, he saw virtually nothing.
“haha. Kkkkkkkkk.”
You say you’re blind anyway?
The lost time, the life that could have been happy, the resentment that God mocked and killed his benefactor.
“What did I do so wrong!”
If we put human emotions in a pressure cooker and inject anger into it, will this happen?
The enemy’s resistance intensified as they continued killing without purpose or meaning.
‘It suddenly became stronger.’
one step?
No, Chagall’s body was gradually damaged by the power that seemed to transcend the two stages.
There was no pain in the excited state, but eventually he collapsed on the seat due to exhaustion.
When I came to my senses, my condition was so serious that there was no sound spot on my body.
“Oh, you crazy bastard.”
Agents approached him past where the bodies of his comrades had been sprung up.
Chagall gritted his teeth.
‘I can’t move my body.’
As if I forgot how to force it, my muscles weren’t getting any strength.
“Hey, hey.”
When the agent lifted his foot and pushed Chagall’s body, he fell to the side.
“You, do you know where this is? Won’t you die anyway? I will teach you what hell is like.”
“Che, cuckoo.”
Lying on his back, Chagall’s lungs fluttered at the unbearable tickling.
“Hey, are you laughing? yes, laugh out loud I’ll cut off your face and bury it deep in the ground. If you stay in the dark for about 100 million years, you will realize your mistake.”
“okay… … That’s good.”
If buried in the ground for 100 million years, will the resentment in the heart be relieved a little?
‘Can I forget everything?’
maybe this is for the best
‘I can’t even bully her now.’
knowing the past
‘Keuk, that would be nice. To get away from scumbags like me. Yes, I will bury you in the ground forever… …
It was then.
Chagall, who finally found reason, felt Etella transmitted through the chain of Taegeuk.
The moment she realized what she was about to do, every cell in her body went into spasm.
‘ what?’
Is this really true?
Taegeuk’s chain was unbelievable even though he knew he couldn’t lie.
‘no.’
Chagall does not know what feelings he has for Etella.
I just lived hating vague things, swept away by wild emotions like a storm.
“don’t do it.”
can’t see it a second time
That one thought cleared Chagall’s mind, which had always been covered by dark clouds.
“do not do that.”
that I was not sane.
“Quack! Look at this kid’s face. Are you completely terrified? Well, it must be scary.”
In fact, Chagall’s face was bloodless and even his lips were trembling.
‘baby. My baby in my belly.’
Unlike a trashy father, even a child who will grow up happily under a really good mother… … .
“Huh! Whoa!”
Chagall, who closed her eyes tightly and shed tears, heard the manager’s voice.
– Remaining purification time 87 years 2,875
3,241 trillion 6.3 billion 220,002 hours.
About minus 10 billion hours.
The agents who watched Chagall’s sobbing face laughed and pointed their fingers.
“Wouldn’t it be nice to see you alone? If you cut the neck, let’s hang it on the wall for now. When will it be buried… … Kuck.”
Dozens of holes opened simultaneously in the body of the agent with the rapid-fire sword stuck in his throat.
“??????Move.”
As Chagall, revealing his white hair, rushed in, the remaining men hurriedly prepared for battle.
“You bastard, where did you get this power… … I” Before the words could be finished, the rapid-fire swords rained down from all sides and hacked through their bodies like shotgun shells.
“Get out of the way!”
Chagall’s muscles began to tear as he returned to where Ethella was.
‘please??????
Hope you can make it in time.
Ethella finished her resolution.
“sorry.”
Chagall’s feelings were transmitted through the chains, but her heart did not change.
The relationship between the two was like a skein of thread that would only get more entangled no matter how much you tried to unravel it.
‘This is the only way.’
The time they knew was reset, and the child in the womb was not the fruit of love.
“For good.”
Tears streamed down Ethella’s cheeks as her legs slid off the cliff.
Chagall grabbed the chain.
“wait!”
Although he pulled the chain with all his might, Taegeuk’s bridle cannot be said to have priority.
At that moment, Chagall’s eyes widened.
“Ahhh… …
My whole body trembled as if I had been struck by lightning, and my two weak knees pounded the ground.
“Aaaaaaa!”
-Remaining purification time is 87 years, 2,875 circa 3,241,502,870,018 hours.
Close to 130 billion hours have been purified.
“why! why! why!”
Out of all the times he had tormented her, if only he had been kind to her for even one moment.
‘A idiot’!’
No, if he had stayed by her side without running amok right before we parted ways.
“no! It is a lie!”
Ethella could not be lost.
“Aaaaaaa!”
could be happy
“Chains, chains.”
He stumbled on the chain, which was his only hope, but Etela’s feelings were not conveyed.
“Why, why?”
In the main system that oversees Karma, all programs were inoperative.
Chagall, who got up from his broken body, ran down the hallway with a terrified expression.
‘It’s not too late! It wouldn’t be too late!’
– Remaining purification time… … .
An emergency message was heard in the assembly hall.
-warning! Key data in the engine room is being disrupted! deal with it quickly
Lethe raised her head.
“what?”
If there is a problem with the central processing unit, all karma in the other world is reset.
“Impossible. Those with karma cannot access the physical brain. Even if the form is destroyed, the law remains intact, so core data is not disturbed.”
-Romi Ethella. It’s Limbo.
Lethe was annoyed.
“You keep talking nonsense! That woman’s karma… …
I suddenly realized.
” ah.”
It’s Limbo.
What kind of karma could there be for a life that sleeps in the stomach without knowing anything?
‘Teacher Etella.’ After hearing the message, Sirone found the answer to the riddle she hadn’t been able to solve so far.
‘Chagall’s child… …
Circumstances were sufficient.
‘If the arithmetic system disappears, it becomes impossible to calculate karma. I can get the true sound.’
All that was left was how to break through the situation where almost all the troops in the building were gathered.
“Abandon your lingering feelings, Yahweh. We are still getting stronger. You can’t go out here.”
“You knew from the beginning, right? How to annihilate the flesh brain, the aborted fetus.”
“… … He didn’t lie. If I had known Ethella was pregnant, I would have said differently.”
I would have killed her before she even asked.
“die.”
As Lethe lit the flame of purification, the sound of a sharp wind was heard from the 13th floor.
“huh?”
A line was drawn on the landscape, and the demon’s body across the line began to catch fire.
“Ge, Gehen… … ! Aaaaaa!”
As the demons turned into fire were absorbed by the great sword, Lian was seen standing outside the door.
“Sorry, Sirone.”
Kurung, Kurung, Kurung……
Exterior walls cut back and reattached
I heard the sound of stones rubbing against each other.
“Everyone ran away, Si-ok.”
“haha.”
Due to the conflict between Havitz and the Wizard, this
A variable has also been created in the cotton world.
‘I’m really going crazy.’
Lethe frowned arrogantly.
‘That’s what was left.’
No matter how strong the demons became, the sword of Gehenna would absorb all the demons.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1188.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Humanity’s destination (3)
Son Yoo-jung and Morta Singer ran quickly through the warehouse site of the system control branch.
“Move!”
Numerous beasts pursuing in the sky threw black chains to the ground.
“Yoojung! stomach!”
Before he could hear Mortasinger’s words, Son Yu-jeong quickly swung two swords.
Sparks flew from the club, and several chains wrapped around her arms and legs.
“Big!”
As Son Yu-jeong felt the power drain from her body, a thick stream of smoke came out of her mouth.
‘Dark!’
As she twisted her body and pulled her arms, the black monks came downstairs.
-Keugh! uh, how… … ?
The Hwa-An Gold Jeong was lit, and the club, red like blood, began to beat the Black Seung’s vitals.
“Is the stone monkey happy?”
As the black snake dispersed like smoke, Son Yu-jeong let out a rough breath, drooping her shoulders.
“ha. ha.”
Mortasinger approached.
” are you okay?”
“uh. … … no. these are real Honestly, this is the type I hate the most. It doesn’t even look like it was beaten.”
There was no taste.
“By the way, did you lose your ability too? Hidden peace or something, you know that.”
Before entering Satanism, Morta Singh was a regular eating out who divided the space like a puzzle.
“I don’t know yet. It is free from Satan’s brainwashing, but what is the truth.”
“okay. Well, you can think slowly. Let’s go. You have to find a way out of hell.”
In front of the front gate he arrived at, Son Yu-jeong could not take the last step.
“what’s the matter? Aren’t you going out?” Son Yoo-jung touched her long orphan.
‘I don’t memorize the Gingoju. Are you really not calling me? Am I underestimating my abilities? or not… …
Richera’s face screamed.
“What are you thinking about? Let’s just go! If you run away, you will never find them!”
“Yoojung.”
Mortasinger approached.
“Since I fell for Satan’s temptation, I have gone through many things in hell. It ended up like this.”
After getting out of the brainwashing, there was a realization.
“The reason I don’t deny it is probably because I loved this look so much at one time. Of course, it would be a lie if I said I had no regrets, but I realized the power of my heart. don’t fool your mind You don’t have to ruin it because of me.”
“Malta??????
It was the nickname of Mortasinger.
“I am not going back. I don’t mean to leave. do what you want to do.”
“What I would like to do.”
Son Yoo-jung looked into her heart for the first time.
Ryan jumped down.
“It’s okay.”
As I strode forward with the Daejikdo leaning on my shoulder, the demons hurriedly retreated.
‘The chain of Gehenna.’
The moment you brush it, it will burn up.
“Are you okay, Sirone? On the way she heard this groaning noise. What is it exactly?”
Sirone said.
“We have a chance.”
“Right. Then what should I do now?”
“Genuine sound.”
The explanation was short, but what was important to Lian was where Sirone’s zero point was aimed.
“good. Let’s go, Sirone.”
Lethe fired a spark of purification.
“Don’t miss it!”
Demons intervened between dozens of fireballs and aimed at Sirone.
As Lian twisted and swung the sword, the flame of purification disappeared in a flash.
“100 million……
The bodies of the demons, which were split in two, burned with pure demons and permeated the great sword.
“Big!”
Lian, who had cleansed the demons in an instant, glared at the front with her eyes wide open.
Lette shouted.
“no!”
As the jigsaw was inserted into the ground, air bubbles began to rise from the floor of the assembly hall.
“Big!” Lian’s face crumpled, and an explosion filled the 11th to 13th floors.
The monsters guarding the warehouse site heard a roar and turned toward the office building.
– Arrest the guilty.
Sirone and Lian jumped out of the building and saw black clouds covering the sky.
It was all black.
“Sirone, that’s a bit serious.”
There was no time to delay as the agents and demons were chasing them from the side of the office building.
“run!”
Rian asked as they ran.
“You said you were looking for Jinseongeum. If you purify it with the fire of Gehenna, will she really return to reality?”
“There are plenty of possibilities.”
After confirming where the black cloud of the black monk was moving, Sirone turned.
he spoke again.
“If the central processing unit is destroyed, it will be impossible to calculate the purification time.”
“Isn’t that karma gone?”
“When the system is down, anything can happen. Just like the amount stamped on a bank account is not actually money. When the banking system is destroyed, money evaporates.”
“… … Right.”
During the conversation, the black monks were only a few hundred meters away.
It was impossible to escape the clouds.
“Sheesh!”
Hokseung stopped at a distance, and agents lined up in the back.
‘Can I have no choice but to fight?’
Seeing that Sirone and Lian stopped walking, Lethe gave a meaningful smile.
“Heukseungeun program. It is not purified by Gehenna.”
she held out her hand.
“catch.”
Since he had already experienced the power of the black monk at the Wailing Wall, Lian bit his teeth.
-You foolish sinner.
The moment the cloud-like monsters flew towards Lian, a hole was punched through.
– Aaaaaa!
The one who left red heat on the outskirts of the hole was Son Yoo-jeong, who was enveloped in smoke from Geun-du.
“Because the weak are always together. I want to lose.”
Mortar Singer arrived through the hole, and Son Yu-jeong walked.
“Yahweh, you.”
Yeoui pointed at Sirone.
“Why didn’t you memorize Gingoju? are you ignoring me? Are you saying you don’t need my help?”
“okay.”
Son Yoo-jung’s eyebrows twitched.
“more than I… … There are people who need your help. Fight for him.”
The monkey’s long fangs were exposed.
“shut up. You and Buddha only talk about what is on their lips. Then, if you need me, I will call you. No matter where I am or what I am doing, I can memorize Gingoju… …
“Why are you here?”
Saying anything to hide the truth didn’t work for Sirone.
“If you have already concluded that, why do you come to me and ask me such a thing?”
“this… … !”
At that moment, the black monks released their chains.
‘Hidden Peace!’
When Mortasinger invoked Eating Rules, the landscape was divided into 98 zones.
“done!”
Recovering magic was proof that she had escaped Satan’s brainwashing.
As the black monk changed its position like a cube, each chain shot in a different direction.
Mortasinger turned to Sirone and shouted.
“We’ll take care of this! hurry!”
‘A certain realization.’
It must have been a firm belief that he was able to gain because he had experienced both extremes.
While Rian was dealing with the agent, Sirone turned her attention to Son Yoo-jung.
“Great job. You found the Mortasinger.”
“… … It’s not what I did.”
“okay. Intelligence is the law to get right in the end. But your role was the biggest.”
“What are you saying to me?”
Son Yu-jeong, who had let go of her clothes, shouted out loud.
“I am not a Mortarsinger! No math, no magic, no science, nothing!”
Sirone smiled bitterly and said.
“I don’t know either.” “Understanding the world is called knowledge, but knowing and knowing that way and arriving at the place… … In the end, it was ignorance. Because this world started out of nothing.”
Sirone approached.
“Intelligence is knowing the unknown. Being able to change oneself by listening to the voices of many people without being obsessed with selfishness.”
Just like Mortasinger did.
“You are a raw stone. That’s probably why I sent you here. open the door of your heart I’m leaving you to all odds. If you can still choose after that, that would be the true right.”
“Really right? open your heart? that
is it that easy? If I looked at all the possibilities, even if I killed people or messed up the world, I would be right?”
“okay.”
Sirone said confidently.
“If you had really opened your heart, if you had truly entrusted yourself to all possibilities… …
He put his index finger on Gingoa.
“Because I would never make that choice.”
The long orphan broke with a clicking sound, but Son Yu-jeong was already enchanted.
‘Choose… … Didn’t you?’
what is right
Throughout human history, countless people have spoken all kinds of words about being right.
‘What is right… …
If you sit quietly in a room with no one around, close your eyes and look into your heart.
“Just the right thing.”
we already know
Tired of the cruelty of reality, fed up with human cruelty, they are just trying to turn a blind eye to it.
“Son Yu-jeong.”
Sirone said.
“You saved 1 human from hell. There is no reason to arrest you now.” Yujeong, her hand that touched the place where the long orphan was, lifted her head and looked at Sirone.
‘Yahweh and Buddha.’
At what point did these two very similar people split up? Son Yu-jung’s eyes lit up.
“Kiyi!”
She passed by Sirone’s side like lightning and struck the agent.
“Gagging!”
As if the sound had been muted until now, the din of battle surged in.
“go.”
Son Yu-jung said with her back.
“No matter what you do, it will be difficult with these guys. I’ll take care of it, so you leave.”
“please. Ryan, let’s go!”
Lette screamed as Sirone threw herself.
“Catch Yahweh!”
Son Yoo-jung shouted.
“Mortasinger!”
As if he had been waiting, Mortar Singer moved the two away by eating out.
“damn! What else is this?”
When the puzzle-like space returned, Yahweh had already left the branch.
“Follow me!”
Before the agent who received the instruction could rise 10 centimeters, his face contorted.
Remnants of the woman were filled in the cylindrical depression, followed by the sound of mincing meat.
The agent’s body, which had been hit by dozens of bullets in an instant, was bent in a zigzag.
“Turn it off.”
As he fell backwards with a thump, Son Yu-jeong exhaled steam and looked back at Lete.
“Where are you going? I want to loosen up a bit now.”
Lethe laughed coldly.
“Hmph, there is only one place to go anyway. I will rip off your limbs and chase you.”
“Can I really do it? you know? Stone monkeys do not break even if they are crushed by a mountain.”
The body of Son Yu-jeong, who connected two sacks of women’s clothing in front of her eyes, burned to a golden light.
“Pasahyeonjeong破邪顯正.”
It was the true rightness she pursued, breaking the evil and revealing the right.
‘sorry. I won’t break again
As the amputation disappeared and she was reborn as a woman, Lethe rolled her eyes.
‘Jecheondaeseong.’
A long time ago, like now
cheer up
made
Spit out and throw hell into the field… … .
Son Yoo-jung’s face is like a demon
crumpled
all.
“Ki-yi-yi!”
The spread of fragments of light
at the same time
break through
A hole in Lethe’s upper body began.
‘That crazy monkey!’
Lethe retreating at breakneck speed
A flash of light penetrated his left eye.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1189.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Humanity’s destination (4)
On the 1.5th floor of Ymir’s Mind, Sirone had a dream.
dream of victory.
Time is not important in the dream, but the amount of data he receives is enormous.
Such a huge story.
It was a realization that a man called the first Yora had gained in a terrible tragedy.
The time is around the time when humankind has finished tribal life and started to have a centralized system.
“Whoa, it’s hot.”
Tyrants abounded, and the life of the ruled was far more miserable than Sirone’s world.
A time when many philosophers and seekers raised questions about life and preached their thoughts.
“It’s because it’s so hard to meet people.”
The 20-year-old seeker Jo Ra-han was also wandering the world with the will of seeking the truth in his heart.
He opened the lid of the water bottle and lifted his head, but only a drop of water fell.
“Chuck, chuck.”
I was very thirsty from climbing the mountain path, but I couldn’t find any water anywhere.
“this… … Will you die if you do well?” When I said that, I burst out laughing haha.
“Still, it’s a good life for me. There are countless lives suffering from tyranny.”
war, war again.
The ambitions of those in power knew no bounds, and clashes with other countries occurred every day.
‘We have to stop the war.’
Some say the political system and others say the capital system needs to be changed.
‘There is a limit to sustaining with the sacrifice of a few. If everyone shows even the slightest consideration, the war will stop.’
He believed in the human mind.
“good! let’s go!”
Wouldn’t you have to meet someone to preach?
It was two days later that I felt the first hint of misfortune during the exciting hike.
“Huh. Huh.” Even though I’ve been to many remote areas, it was the first time that I was completely isolated like this place.
‘Here… … Where are you?’
Not even those common animals were visible, just trees and grass.
I studied herbalism, but it was the first plant I had ever seen, and yesterday I ate the wrong thing and got diarrhea.
‘The dehydration is getting worse.’
Had I lost my mind?
In the consciousness that returned intermittently, Yorahhan seemed to have spent another day.
‘Is this how it ends?’
It was unfortunate that he left without being able to express his will, but it was nothing to be unfair about.
‘There must be someone, someone who thinks the same as me. alright, what am i saying It wasn’t even popular.’
At that time, I couldn’t even imagine how close to impossible Yorahhan’s dream was.
‘It’s drowsy.’
Just when I was about to accept eternal sleep, someone called after the sound of stepping on the grass.
“What are you doing here?”
The faces of a beautiful adult man and woman came into Jorahhan’s field of vision.
“Sah, man… …
The hoarse throat was resentful.
“Save people.”
After exchanging glances, the man and woman shrugged and asked Yorahhan again.
“How do you save them?”
“Water, some water. something to drink… … please… … ask.”
“water? Water is in the village.”
The woman asked while Jorahhan, who seemed to be out of breath right now, was in despair.
“Can’t you stand it?”
I thought what if I couldn’t stand it, but I was already nodding my head.
“all right. Just wait a little bit.”
The woman closed her eyes.
At first, I thought it was to wish them peace, but soon something amazing happened.
The trees all around swayed and water droplets began to shoot out from the leaves.
‘what? Is it a dream?’
It was a time when magic was the exclusive property of the few, so he had no choice but to think that way.
But as water dripped into his gaping mouth, his brain secreted a powerful pleasure substance.
“ha. more, more… …
“Gather some water and give it to us.” At the man’s suggestion, the woman gathered the leaves and pasted them together with mud to make a bowl.
“Here you are.”
When she poured the water, Yorahhan’s uvula jerked as if it were about to pop out.
“ha.”
Can words describe the feeling of that moment?
‘I lived.’
fell asleep like that
Hearing laughter from outside, Yora Han slowly lifted her eyelids.
Birds were chirping.
Thinking that it was a bird call he hadn’t heard in a while, he jumped up and stood up.
“What, what?”
Looking around, it was a small cabin, and he was lying on a bed of grass.
“Wasn’t it a dream?”
As I lowered my feet under the bed, the tent opened and two people entered.
A boy and a girl who looked about 17 years old were beautiful, but it was their sense of smell that stimulated Yorahhan.
‘The smell of flowers.’
A person whose body smells like flowers.
They came in with water to wash and were surprised to see Yorahhan waking up.
“uh? are you awake? I will have to tell the chieftain.”
“Wait, wait.”
When I called urgently, they stopped.
“I’m sorry, but where are you? What happened? Did you guys save me by any chance?”
“no. It was my brother and sister who saved me. I need to go talk to the chief, can I go?”
The tone of his question was questionable, but I thought that Jo Ra-han was just a mild-mannered character.
“okay. You even saved my life, I’m so shameless, but could I get you some food?”
When the thirst was over, he was on the verge of starvation.
“Eat… …
After thinking for a moment, she said.
“ah! There is food that Armand is eating. Can I bring you that?”
“Yeah, thank you. I don’t have money right now, but when I get better, I’ll do something to pay it back.”
Not long after they went outside, a plate of red meat came in.
“Now, eat.” Contrary to what he had imagined, the food was raw meat with only the blood washed down with water.
“Well, there are differences in culture from region to region, but it is unique. It would taste better if you grilled it over a fire.”
“Hey!”
they flinched
“The fire tribe does not use fire. Fire destroys everything. nature too… … us too.”
“A fire family?”
It was the first name I heard.
In any case, he felt no hostility, so Yorahhan bowed his head to them.
“thanks. I will eat well.”
“I… … Then can we go report to the chief now? I told you to tell me.”
“huh?”
Johann blinked his eyes.
“Didn’t you come and go?”
“Your brother asked for food. So, of course, he couldn’t come and go.”
I finally felt strange.
‘Something feels subtly different. Is it a culture where caring for others is a top priority?’
if so… … .
‘God brought me here. This is an opportunity to verify my thoughts.’
Yorahhan said while chewing raw meat.
“Okay, go out and see.”
After confirming that the tent was closed, he swallowed the raw meat and put on his shoes.
“They say the market is a side dish.”
As I quietly slipped out of the cabin, the fire tribesmen were basking in the sunlight and smiling.
‘Hmm, it’s not a hostile feeling.’ The atmosphere completely different from the village he had experienced so far melted the tension.
While looking around the village, feeling the gaze of the fire tribe, he heard a ferocious woman’s voice.
“Why are you bringing in humans!” Hearing the high pitched voices common in human society here was extremely alien.
‘human. would you say me then… …
Aren’t fire people human?
He walked to the cabin where he heard the sound and looked inside through the windowless window.
‘wow.’
All of them were beautiful, but the woman sitting in the chair was more elegant than that.
‘It smells good. Is it a lotus flower?’
Chief Lutia said.
“Armand, don’t get excited. The fire tribe must help humans. that’s the ancestor
It’s a will.”
Jorahhan saw a woman named Armand.
‘scary.’
The ferocious eyes and the rough hair that came down to his waist clearly distinguished him from the rest of the Hwajok.
” human?”
Armand thumped his foot down.
“You know how much those people persecuted us. Isn’t that why we have to live hidden deep in the mountains where no one can reach?”
“I am aware of the human danger. But you can’t turn a blind eye to it. If we understand and embrace them, they will save us someday.”
“I die before then. We will all die.”
“Armand.”
“When that human wakes up, what are you going to do then? Aren’t you afraid to ask of us? Are you going to run away again? Should I abandon the village I’ve been cultivating for hundreds of years and run away?”
The extreme passivity of the Hwajok is as intense as the human yearning for freedom.
“One will be fine. And we don’t have you, Armand.”
carnivorous plant extremely rare in nature
To eat meat, you must hunt, which meant that you had an active will.
“… … It’s frustrating. Lutia-sama doesn’t know. There are strong people even among humans.”
Armand, who fought to protect the Fire Tribe for a long time, never looked down on humans.
“Only ordinary guys can stop it with the small world creation. But if that man is about… …
Armand, who was pointing outside the village, finally found Yorahhan standing outside the window.
“you!”
Shocked, Yorahhan hid under the window, but Armand immediately jumped out.
“Sin, sorry! sorry!”
Armand grabbed Yorahhan by the collar and dragged him into the cabin.
“Aww!”
“Eavesdropping like a thief! I will kill you!”
Armand grabbed the long sword, the only metal kept in the chief’s shelf.
It could not be used for anything other than hunting and combat, but it was not in a position to cover the front and back.
‘I’ve heard all about the Hwajok. If this man even takes advantage of our traits… …
It will have dire consequences.
Jorahhan held out her hand as the long sword shone bright above her head.
“for a moment! There is nothing to kill!”
“shut up.”
Just as he was about to swing the sword, he felt his nerves stiffen from the feet on the ground.
“Armand.”
said Ruthia.
“To handle metal without my permission. Aren’t humans the only ones who are dangerous to the Fire Tribe?”
The reason why the lotus lineage is the chief is because the power of Sosae Gyechangyu is the strongest.
It was a perfect compromise and persuasion without active or passive because they are connected to each other.
Armand sullenly lowered his sword.
“sorry.”
If the reason humans are dangerous lies in the possibility of dying, Armand was not much different.
“Stop going out.”
As Armand left the cabin with the sword on the shelf, Lutia approached.
“I’m glad you’re okay. Have a seat first.”
“Oh, thank you.”
Jorahhan, who had already crossed the threshold of death several times, sat down in a chair in a state of fascination.
“As the chieftain, I want to ask you something. How did you get here? There are few animals here, and a lot of poisonous plants grow here, so people don’t come here.”
It was such a well-groomed village.
“Ah, I am a seeker. He is a person who travels the world and conveys his thoughts. However, it is never unemployed! I know only a few studies… …
Lutia tilted her head.
“I don’t quite understand. Don’t all human beings convey their thoughts?”
“Well, that is a special idea. The direction of human beings, how we should live, is the same.”
“Hoo.”
Ruthia showed interest.
“It is a very unique job. Can you tell me what you think too?”
It was the first time this had happened, so Yorahhan was taken aback.
“Uh, so first of all, the basic is love. Of course, matter can affect people’s minds.
change but… …
Even during the long talk, Lutia was listening without even moving.
“… … Well, that’s it, haha! Actually, I don’t talk like this, but I’m out of my mind.”
Yorahhan’s expression, which had been trembling in a joke, became blank.
“Me, over there?”
Lutia’s shoulders trembled as she sat down, and tears flowed down her face.
“okay.”
She smiled like a flower in full bloom.
“It must be a very beautiful world.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-119.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[119] Unexpected guest (4)
Rihanna fanned Olina’s burning chest.
Please enable JavaScript
“Father, it’s not like this, let’s go get some wood right now. To commemorate Sirone’s arrival!”
“Puhaha! Could it be? Okay, let’s burn it properly with the three of us!”
“honey! What kind of tree is it while drinking? Go in and go to sleep.”
“Mom, it’s okay. I will come and go.”
Sirone readily accepted. Now that this has happened, I thought it would be okay to solve the problem properly.
On the other hand, Olina couldn’t let go of her worries. Although Vincent is very drunk, climbing a mountain while drunk was dangerous even for a mountain climber.
“Is that okay? And what if you get hurt?”
“It’s okay because I have it. I’ll be back before lunch.”
In the past, he would have followed Olina’s words, but now the situation was different. She had once defended her children against fearsome ulks, so nothing to worry about.
Olina was unfamiliar with such a son. Her expression was definitely brighter than before, and she was overflowing with confidence in her words and actions.
Is this the power of education? Although he was a good boy, there were many times he didn’t know what he was thinking, and now he has become a completely different person. More than anything he seemed to be able to love himself a little more.
After Olina’s permission was given, the three men left for the logging area, exchanging stories they hadn’t heard before. In particular, Lian walked quickly because she wanted to show her achievements so far.
Lian, who stayed at Vincent’s house for two days, heard an anecdote about Sirone’s childhood. Among them, the most impressive part was the thunder attack. Around the time she confronted Sirone at her hometown, she had a hard time getting stabbed by a sword, so her interest increased.
Arriving at the logging area, Lian shouted.
“ruler! Then, like a man, shall we beat a tree? How are you, Sirone? do you want to bet with me The loser will grant the wish.”
Lian, who was bigger than before, had no trouble holding the two-handed ax with one hand. To exaggerate, if Lian was a dead tree, Sirone was like a squirrel standing next to it.
“good. so what?”
Sirone meekly agreed. He had never lost a bet with Lian. Can’t the winner run away when the loser challenges?
Lian raised the axe and nodded to Vincent, who also raised his thumb under his arms.
“Then do it first.”
Rian swung the ax with all his might. There was a thud, and the trunk of the tree shook.
Absolutely devastating force. He could see how rigorous he trained for half a year.
“Wow, that’s great. Is that schema?”
“huh? Ahaha! Of course not! Do you need to do skima as much as chopping wood?”
Rian’s answer was somewhat awkward, but Sirone decided to move on.
Lian raised the ax again. Then, looking back at Shirone, he winked at him in one eye.
“The real thing is from now on.”
Lian’s ax hit the area where the shell had burst again. A clap of thunder was heard and the tree fell at once.
“Thunderstorm… … .”
Sirone noticed at once. The fact that he succeeded in Thunder Meegi meant that Lian could also perform swordsmanship.
“Uh ha ha ha! How are you, Sirone? I am not the old me!”
Contrary to what he shouted out loud, Lian’s heart was racing. To be honest, there was a small chance of failure.
He learned swordsmanship at swordsmanship school, but his success rate against people was quite low.
However, thanks to Vincent’s explanation of Thunderstrike and practicing all day long, he was about to raise it to the level of success with trees nine times out of ten.
“amazing. It’s different from the thunder attack I do.”
“Is this a natural result? Anyway, a bet is a bet. I succeeded in two attempts, so you should take it down with one!”
Vincent let out a hearty laugh.
“haha! Sirone, try your best. If there is a tie, it continues until one person wins. Wouldn’t it be enough to cut down the entire mountain?”
Vincent thought Sirone wouldn’t be able to touch it either. Lian’s strength is great, but from an early age, Sirone had a natural talent in the technical field.
“Now, use my axe.”
“no it’s okay. I’ll just do it like this.”
Sirone approached the tree and held out her hand. Then, Vincent and Lian made puzzled expressions. How can you fell a thick tree without an axe?
After estimating the location, Sirone entered the Spirit Zone. And he hit the tree with the wind cutter, which can be called basic magic.
Tak from the inside of the tree trunk! and a crackling sound was heard.
With that, everything was over.
As the two people watching tilted their heads, Sirone slowly pushed the tree. Then the log fell over, revealing a clean cut.
“Hurray! I won!”
Unlike Sirone, who jumped up and down with excitement, Vincent and Lian had their mouths wide open as if their jaws were missing.
How can a tree be cut down without any damage? It was impossible without the use of magic.
‘Ah, that’s magic.’
Lian looked at the root of the tree Sirone had cut down. Even if he was a swordsman trainee, he wouldn’t be able to cut it so smoothly.
“What kind of magic is this?”
“It’s called a wind cutter. It makes the air sharp by raising the wind, and in fact, it can be said to be the basic of the basics.”
Vincent was speechless at the sight of his son who had changed.
Of course, since I was sent to a magic school, I assumed that I would have learned one magic, but it was true that I was only thinking about the circus troupe’s rare instruments.
By the way, I cut a log at once. Depending on how you handled it, it was like a murder weapon.
“haha. I can’t believe it. Can daddy teach you too? If you cut trees with that magic, you will earn much more than you do now.”
Sirone laughed embarrassingly at Vincent’s naive words.
“It’s basic magic, but it’s not that easy to learn.”
If you learn the wind cutter, it is natural that you can cut more than 100 trees a day. But no wizard in the world ever made money from trees.
Even if it were a thousand trees, it was because the wizard’s daily wage was much higher. It wasn’t that the value of a thousand trees was low, but that the wizard’s salary was high.
Sirone realized that and felt better. He had a great fear of failure when he entered school, but now he was relieved that he had the skills to support his family even if he couldn’t graduate.
If others heard it, they would think that the wizard who opened Immortal Function was crazy, but to Sirone, family was just as precious.
“Anyway, since I won, I will tell you my wish. Lian carries her tree to her house.”
“Sheesh! I can’t. I was going to listen anyway.”
Lian cut the fallen tree into pieces and prepared to return with a fork.
Although he lost the bet, a smile hung on Lian’s lips as he descended the mountain. Sirone personally proved that her eyes were not mistaken.
‘That’s great, Sirone. Of course, what I showed you today is not all of you, right?’
When we got back to the house, Olina had prepared all sorts of food. Literally delicacies from the mountains and seas, it seemed that all the foods that could be found on land, sea, and air had been brought up.
“Wow, that sounds delicious. thank you for this food!”
While eating, Sirone told me about what had happened at school.
Of course, I omitted the situations where my life was at stake, but there were so many other things besides that.
“… … So, the correct answer was number 3. ha ha ha! Thanks to that, I was promoted to Class Four from the next semester.”
“ah-ha, I see.”
Contrary to expectations, Vincent and Olina did not respond. Shiro, who was still wondering if there was anything more to say, opened her hand as if you finally realized it.
“It is incredibly great.”
Then, a blush appeared on both of their faces. I had never been to school, so I couldn’t understand half of what Sirone said, but the joy of his son’s achievement was no different from other parents.
“aha! You mean that? Congratulations, sirone!”
“Good job, my son. How worried her mom was.”
Olina picked up the tablecloth and wiped away her tears.
Lian smiled heartily as she looked at the scene of a loving family. He seemed to know where Sirone’s calm personality began.
“Anyway, Rian, why did you really come here?”
“Oh right. Come to think of it, I came to ask for permission from you two.”
“You can say anything. If there is anything I can do, of course I should help.”
That’s what he said, but Vincent was quite worried. What permission did the son of an aristocratic family ask the mountaineer for?
“Can I go play with Sirone? About a week.”
Sirone turned her head away as if it were absurd.
“What, to play? Why are you talking about things I don’t know? Where are you going?”
“Galliant Island. don’t worry. Because I had a plan in advance.”
“what? Galliant?”
Sirone opened her eyes wide. When a place that had been on her mind lately came out of her mouth, she was startled.
“When I was working in the library, I was completely locked up. Let’s take this opportunity to get some fresh air. It’s also close to Creas. It will be fun. Galliante Island is one of the most popular vacation spots in the world.”
“Besides, there are Kergo Ruins.”
This time, Rihanna was surprised.
“huh? Did you know?”
“No, I didn’t know that there were ruins. Whoa, it must have been such a famous place. This is surprising.”
Sirone, who had been searching the map for several days, found out that the Kergo ruins were on Galliant Island. I had a vague feeling that it was a ruin, but I remembered that I decided to visit it because it was not far away.
Sirone looked at her mother. He had intended to go once during vacation, but he would be disappointed if his son returned after half a year and said he was going straight away.
However, as always, Olina followed Sirone’s will.
“Come on. We are all in favor.”
“But Mom, this time I was going to help my father with his work when he gets back from school… … .”
Vincent burst out laughing.
“Hey! Have you been to a battlefield? I came here after going to school, so I can go play during vacation. If a boy is looking for his parents too much, he won’t be able to use that either.”
Sirone pursed his lips with a prickly expression. Of course, the magic school was also a school, but it was no exaggeration to say that the danger he experienced there was close to the battlefield.
“Then, can we set the period to ten days?”
“huh? ten days? It doesn’t matter, but wouldn’t it be a place worth visiting for that long?”
“Ah, actually, there is something I want to investigate separately.”
Lian put on a tired expression.
“Are you studying there too? You are amazing too, really.”
Since Sirone had read through all the history books in the Ogent family, studying at the resort would not have been a chore.
‘Hehehe, but it won’t be easy this time. Will studying really catch my eye there?’
Recalling a trump card, Lian secretly waited for tomorrow with a smile.
* * *
Sirone packed her suitcase and went to bed. Rian also decided to stay until today, so the two lay side by side with a blanket on the floor.
“Tell me anyway. Why didn’t you go home?”
“huh? Oh, that’s… … .”
Ryan was speechless. Just as Rayna knows her sister, Rihanna knew her sister well. It was clear that she was probably trying to catch herself by mailing her report card home.
But I couldn’t tell Sirone the truth. He did his best, so he wasn’t ashamed of being in last place, but his mouth didn’t drop at all.
“Just a trivial family matter. ha ha ha.”
Sirone didn’t argue anymore.
“Anyway, it’s fine. I was going to go there at least once during vacation anyway.”
“Did you say Kergo Ruins? What are you going to investigate?”
“I don’t know yet. I’m going to enjoy my vacation as it is, so it’s okay. For now, I’ll play with you on the island, and then I’ll stay alone to investigate.”
Ryan felt that something was out of the ordinary. The Kergo ruins were a tourist destination. There was no way that Sirone would tell her to go back first if she was simply doing research in a place like that.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1190.txt
=============YYYYY=============
dark organization (1)
Johann’s heart was touched.
‘It’s not wrong.’
Although he had visited many cities, his ideas were not popular with the public.
‘But there are people who know. If someone agrees, it’s not wrong.’
Even if they weren’t human, I thought it wouldn’t matter if they could communicate with each other.
“thank you. Not only did he save my life, but it really helped me a lot.”
“you’re welcome. The thoughts of the investigator are really great. There is nothing logically wrong.”
Yorahhan’s worries were there.
‘If everyone is a little considerate, the pain disappears. There is no contradiction. But why can’t I reach it?’
Because human life itself is a contradiction.
‘Convincing them is the reason I exist. OK, let’s start over. in this town.’
Johann asked.
“I don’t mind, but can I stay for a while? I will help with anything I can.”
“Don’t talk like that. Please teach the Hwa Tribe a lot. Everyone will listen.”
The fire tribe helps humans.
As long as the teachings of someone presumed to be Buddha are passed down through the lotus lineage.
‘This person is different. It’s different from the humans who bullied us.’
The words of the ancestors came to mind.
-Rutia, you still have to believe. Humans make mistakes, but in the end, they are a species that finds the right path.
Maybe this man… … .
“Get some rest. You must still feel unwell. I will tell the children.”
“thank you.”
The conversation between the fire tribe overheard a while ago bothered me, so Yorahhan added.
“Oh, and you don’t have to be too nice to me. I’m used to penance. haha!”
Ruthia smiled.
“okay.”
Perhaps this was the very small consideration he preached.
“Then I will go back at once. I need to unpack my things, and I want to check my notes.”
Johann returned to his cabin.
“Phew, luckily I didn’t get wet.”
The moment he took a note that he wrote as a diary and memo pad, he tilted the tent again.
“Ahh! It’s a surprise!”
Armand stood in front of him.
“you.”
“Ah yes.”
When I pushed my face in with ferocious eyes, my heart felt as if I had already committed a crime.
“Are you staying in this town?”
“It happened. There will never be any nuisance. I can promise you.”
“You know about the fire tribe, right?”
“Oh no! I have a feeling to some extent, but in detail… … . I’ve never been a bad person… … !”
“No matter what you say, I don’t believe in human words.”
Yohann shut his mouth.
“I will be watching you all day. When you eat, when you go to the bathroom, when you sleep. okay? The moment you step out of my sight, I think about what will happen.”
“A bathroom too?”
I thought it was harsh, but it was understandable if the words about the Hwajok were true.
‘A race that cannot deny the demands of others? Seeing them go this far, it’s not a lie.’
“Answer?”
After staring at Armand’s burning eyes for a while, Jorahhan said as if resigned.
“yes. If that makes you feel safe.”
like that… … A strange cohabitation began.
Melkidoo inner track.
Sirone’s party came here from the 321st space on the outer track, the Pilgrim’s Village.
There is also an entrance to outside track 122, but I heard that it is not recommended.
“It arrived sooner than expected.”
Nade looked back at the scene in the first compartment he had arrived at on the inner track.
“The city… … no?”
It was part of the city, to be exact.
Gray buildings stretched endlessly along the horizon, and each section was walled off.
said Iruki.
“It divides the cylindrical structure into 197 cells. If there are non-players on the outside track, this could be run by the admins themselves.”
Eden agreed.
“Well, things like items that enhance dice or cause variables in the system are the domain of the manager. But what can I say… … Is it too blatant?”
Sirone moved on.
“Think of it in terms of getting closer to the core. Seeing that the message doesn’t appear, it seems that the mission only occurs in certain situations. The hidden missions we are looking for are probably of that kind.”
said Nade.
“It is important to obtain information on purchases, but the most urgent thing is to use points. Current points are approximately 206 million. Since 50 million has to be saved for purchase costs, it can be said that resources are limited. That’s at least 50 million.”
Iruki nodded.
“hmm. Let’s assume the enhancement cost and item price under the premise that the more crime points you save, the better.”
Upon entering the government office, there was a fork in the left and right where the number 7 was written in large letters.
“One side is system work, the other side is the shopping corner. In other words, strengthening dice and purchasing items.”
“First of all, system work.”
There was no objection because Curtis advised to strengthen the dice as much as possible.
“welcome. I am the manager of sector 7.”
Sitting there was a woman in a neat suit, completely unsuitable for a murderer’s resting place.
“Uh, so… …
“This is your first time. welcome. This is the place to apply for Crime Dice enhancement.”
“yes. how much is it?”
“The basic crime dice is two six-sided dice. Dice enhancements are divided into two categories, you can increase eyes or increase dice objects. The price manager pointed to the price tag on the table.
“It all depends on the grade. In sector 7, only basic enhancement is possible. Please confirm it.”
The party checked the price tag.
‘Ten million points to raise 6 eyes to 7 eyes. 100 million points to go from 7 to 8? The increase is crazy.’
Increasing the dice was even worse.
‘100 million points to go from two to three. To raise from 3 to 4… … One billion points?’
Considering that the price of the key known as the classic route is 10 billion, it was a huge amount.
Nade looked back at Sirone.
“It’s serious.”
“huh. Mr. Curtis had one octahedron and two hexahedrons. That’s why I spent a whopping 210 million points on enhancement.”
It exceeded the points Sirone had.
The manager intervened.
“Strengthening is really important. No matter how good the item is, if the crime dice are weak, the efficiency will drop.” Eden said.
“But why is Mr. Curtis so hardened? Wouldn’t it be more effective to change all 3 dice into 7-sided ones?”
Iruki rested his chin.
“… … It’s a double.”
“double?”
“okay. No matter how many dice you have, if you get two of the same number, a double roll is triggered. Yes?”
The manager nodded.
“yes. you’re right.”
“Thus, as the number of dice increases, the probability of getting a double increases. It only takes 2 out of 3 or 2 out of 4. On the other hand, if the number of eyes on the dice increases, “The probability drops rather. Because the number of variables that can determine a double increases.”
“That’s right. It’s a trivial probability, but it’s a huge difference in Melkidu, where dice are everything. A difference worth paying another 80 million points. After all, it’s not a good thing to blindly widen your eyes. Rather, what matters is the number of dice.”
Although that is the truth.
‘We don’t care. No, sirone doesn’t matter. I can manipulate any number.’
Sirone was thinking the same thing.
‘hmm. I have to give 100 million anyway and get one more die fl. Because 2 and 3 are different. Then going 7, 7, 7 is 1 more profitable than the total.’
It’s just 1, but that 1 will someday become a thousand and ten thousand, which will determine victory or defeat.
Iruki asked.
“Is there a build you would like to recommend?”
“Every build has pros and cons. Depending on the user’s inclination, it may be divided, and the strategy and tactics change depending on which item is mainly operated. For example, the item called Bonanza is
The largest number minus the smallest number is cubed. In that case, the dice with an asymmetric balance will get a higher number with probability.”
“Hmm, I guess I should know about the items. But from what I’ve heard, it’s not as efficient as Wind God.”
Change all pluses to multiplications.
“Whoops, Wind God is a high-end item. While there are users who play with a few high-end items, there are also users who compete with a lot of low-level items. For the latter user, the Bonanza has a very good value for money.”
the manager continued.
“So the only hint I can give you is information based on statistics. The largest 17 percent of Melki-Doo’s 3Dice users are using builds 8, 6, and 6. This means that users have different tastes. The characteristics of 8, 6, and 6 are that stable tactical operation is possible and compatibility with items is good. However, 7, 6, and 6 are the limits here, so if you want to strengthen from 7 to 8, you have to go to sector 40 or higher.”
“Something like that.”
Iruki nodded.
“There are two entrances for pilgrims on the outer track. 122 and 321. But if you go into number 122, you go backwards from inner track number 197. In that case, you may not be able to buy the items you really need because you buy expensive items in the beginning. You can also make mistakes in reinforcement.” Eden said.
“But it doesn’t matter if you’re a veteran who already has the item or the dice have been strengthened, even if you go backwards.”
“yes. So, this is a structure to prevent beginner’s luck. If you are lucky enough to get into the inner track early on and buy certain items, the snowball effect will continue to widen the gap.”
Nade grumbled.
“For a game that kills people, this is annoyingly reasonable. Do you mean to kill me fairly?”
The manager listened as a compliment.
“thank you. The fast-track strategy you just mentioned was also popular at one time. You have to regurgitate 197 squares, but you can buy items anyway, and if you go around one turn, you get to 321, a high difficulty zone. Of course, to use this strategy, the user’s skills must be excellent, but… …
In Sirone’s opinion, it was a strategy worth trying on the second cycle.
Manager alerted.
“Has this been explained enough? Then I’ll help you with the reinforcement work. There are two ways to do reinforcement. One, pay all points. Two, discount points.”
The group blinked.
“Can I get a discount? What, is it like a holiday event?”
“It is a system for users. If you convince me, I can boost my crime dice with points that are 20 percent off the set points.”
“Twenty percent?”
It was larger than expected.
‘Assuming that I increase one more dice with 100 million, I can save 20 million.’
Nade asked.
“How can I convince you? Can we talk over a cup of tea?”
“Whoops, no.”
The manager gave a cool smile.
“Dice, of course.”
On the inside track, Curtis’s words that dice are king came to mind.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1191.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dark Organization (2)
said the manager.
“Managers are non-players. It belongs to the parent, but it is part of the system. Therefore, emotions are also a system. If you get an edge at Crime Dice, you can convince me.”
If the human mind is the probability, the manager’s mind is the probability of the law.
“However, the method of persuasion differs depending on the personality of the manager. There are various personalities such as honesty, cool-headedness, positivity, and criticism. In my case, it belongs to the positive. If the number of crime dice is high, I will be persuaded.”
“Is it enough to win just once?”
“Even with the same personality, there is a difference in degree. In my case, one defeat shows a 40% emotional change. If it exceeds 100 percent, persuasion is complete.”
It ended with a simple three-game winning streak.
‘Sirone will at least win a draw. Then the remaining two are the key.’
Sirone asked.
“What are we responsible for?”
“If you attempt persuasion, 1 million crime points will be deducted for each die roll. also… … Currently, your crime points continue to decrease.”
Iruki confirmed.
“About 10,000 points missing. It seems to be a device to prevent stealth strategies on the inside track.”
“Even so, this is a place where criminals cannot enter. Even so, they respond to you because crime points are deducted. If your crime points reach 0, I will change my personality to hostile and call the guards.”
added the manager.
“This is a rule that applies to all administrators under the royal castle in Melkidu. If you run into guards outside the track, your crime points will be deducted.”
Sirone asked.
“The crime points required for persuasion, that is, the points for rolling the dice, are different for each manager, right?”
“yes. Depending on the personality and degree of personality, the points deducted are set differently.”
Sirone turned her head.
“it’s okay. Let’s go out at once.”
After escaping from the system department with her friends, Sirone suddenly stopped walking.
“I get it roughly.”
” what?”
“A hidden mission. I think I got a feel for how the buying program works.”
Sirone raised her index finger.
“Changes the manager’s emotions into dice. Call this persuasion. And each manager requires a different crime point. What struck me was this. Why did Mr. Curtis say he needed at least 50 million? At first, I thought it was a condition for acquiring an item, but it wasn’t.”
Eden said.
“It’s persuasion. It was to convince someone in the government office. The cost is at least 50 million.”
“okay. Depending on what kind of character you are, the rules will be different. Anyway, 50 million will be enough if you win at once, but if the game is long, you will need more points than that.”
Nade stuck out his tongue.
“Even if it’s five consecutive victories, it’s not enough to roll the dice once, right? Can you really say this?”
said Iruki.
“On the other hand, the units are large, so there is no confusion. There’s no point for us to try twice anyway. Besides, if it’s a dice game, it’s absolutely necessary to strengthen the dice. Let’s start with the type and price of the item. Even while doing this, points are deducted.”
Literally, time was the point, so they moved quickly to the shopping corner.
Vending machines were sparsely placed, and there were three shops run by non-players.
Eden checked the vending machine.
“Looks like you can change the type of crime dice here. Shape, color, material, eyes. They come in a variety of designs, and some have jewels in their eyes. But it’s pretty. correction
Sapphire on dice.”
” How much is it?”
Eden read it as it is.
“3.7 million points. In addition, unconvincing.”
“now! Let’s work, work.”
Eden smiled as Nade turned to the store without looking back.
“Who wants to buy it?”
Upon entering the first store, a man in his mid-thirties wearing glasses greeted them.
“This is an item shop specializing in strengthening dice.”
Cards were placed instead of objects,
Items related to the eyes of the dice were lined up.
“There are surprisingly many.”
“Beginners are like that. To buy high-end items, you must be at least in the 100th sector.”
“Aren’t beginners sold there?”
“That’s right. There are commercial morals here too, but you shouldn’t do business that way.”
The setting is, but everyone knew that it was to prevent fast track.
“After all, you have to buy something. Because you can’t buy it in the second half.” After muttering that, Nade examined the item.
“Guts. sprint. Runner’s High.”
It was the effect of +1 for one face of a die, +1 for all faces of a die, and +3 for one face of a die.
“Sprinting is fine. In fact, one-time items have a high probability of failure due to the nature of the dice. In that sense, sprinting is more stable than Runner’s High.”
The price of 800,000 points was also reasonable. Sirone asked.
“Are they only selling dice-enhancing items here?”
“yes. Shopping corners are broadly classified into four categories. An item that strengthens the face of the dice. An item that enhances the dice calculation. Items unrelated to dice, usually movement items. And finally, vending machines.”
There were quite a few items besides what Nade looked at, but Sirone wasn’t interested.
“Can you convince me?”
“haha! Sure. If you convince me, I’ll cut the price of the item by 5%. My personality is critical, and I compete against odds and evens. 100,000 points per episode.”
The discount rate also seemed to vary depending on the manager’s personality, but it wasn’t the answer Sirone wanted to hear.
“No, not that.”
“yes?”
“A dark organization. I heard there is a buyout program going into Melkidoo’s core.”
The friends who scattered to look at the items looked back at Sirone and the merchant at the same time.
The merchant, who was lost in deep thought for a moment, burst out laughing and shrugged.
“Well, do I really know? The only way to confirm is to convince me.”
Sirone was convinced.
‘Persuasion applies in all cases. It is not necessarily used only to discount items.’
said the merchant.
“I am a critical person, and the rules are odd and even. 20 million points per attempt.”
The group’s eyes widened.
“yes? Twenty million points?”
You have to bet 20 million points in a situation where you can’t even be sure of the information.
‘It was something like this. Not just anyone can open the back door. If you do this, you will quickly lose points. This is probably how Mr. Curtis got his information.’
The result was bankruptcy.
As the party hesitated, the man pointed to Eden and said,
“But if it’s that cute girl, I’ll give you 10,000,000 points off. Will you try to convince me?”
Sirone blinked.
‘wait for a sec. this… …
“think carefully. there’s no other chance like this It only takes this much point to convince me… …
“I’ll come next time.”
While the merchant stared blankly at them, Sirone pushed the backs of his friends outside.
“what? what’s the matter? just a hint
I found it.”
“I was mistaken.”
Sirone said.
“I thought it was just a system. I mean persuasion. But that merchant has feelings just like the rest of us. It is only that the change in emotions is accomplished through the law.”
“so?”
“Let’s go to the next store.”
When I entered the store next door, a woman with a tattoo on her right arm greeted me.
“welcome. This is an arithmetic enhancement item shop.”
Melkidu smiled as a young person for her average age entered.
“hi? Are you having fun?” Sirone said.
“Uh, that’s okay.”
There was an item that could change the dice operation symbol inside the glass shelf.
‘Bonanza. Death Gross. The accountant’s illusion.’
Although not as definite as the Wind God, they were items that glowed as they were used.
Sirone checked the price and asked.
“We are looking for a buyout program going into Melkidoo. Can you convince me?”
“oh.”
She didn’t even think.
“If that’s the case, you should definitely come to me. My personality is hot-tempered, and my rule is a set number. 20 million points per episode.”
Sirone said skillfully.
“It’s too expensive, so I think we have to think about it. Instead, I want to be your lover.”
“Hey, hey.”
My friends looked at me with absurd eyes, but the woman grinned as if she was having fun.
“Whoa, you want to seduce me? Well, there are more discounts between lovers. so… … you?” Sirone clenched his fists.
‘ done.’
If it was just a mechanical emotion, it was advantageous to increase the ratio of the opposite sex.
“well. I think all three of us like it. Perhaps the points required for each episode are different, right?”
“Of course it is. Let’s see. If you want to be a lover with me, you have 1 million points for blonde hair.”
Pointing at Sirone, she recited points in the order of Nade, Iruki, and Eden.
“You are 4 million. 2 million here. This child is 3 million.”
Nade raised his hand.
“wait for a sec. Apart from Sirone, how can I be more expensive than Iruki? Even Eden is a woman, does it make sense that there are 3 million?”
“Ho Ho! How is it? Taste is free.”
Sirone didn’t expect it either.
While Nade was speechless, Iruki stepped forward.
“I’ll do it.”
Since the final match had to be played by Sirone, it was necessary to turn around before that.
“i love you. Please accept my heart.” The merchant nodded her head.
“I will use 2 dice. Say four different numbers from 2 to 12, and the one with that number wins. If you don’t take it, you lose. If both are equal, it is a draw once more. Points are deducted, of course.” Iruki pursed his lips.
“Tell me first.”
It was good to avoid the same number because in case of a draw, I had to pay 2 million points more.
“hmm. I’ll choose 4, 7, 9, 12.”
“Then I am 3, 5, 8, 11.” The landscape disappeared, and the phase space for making dice was wide open.
‘Any hand technique is impossible here.’
Except for Sirone.
“Goes.”
When Iruki bet on the match, the merchant threw the dice high without waiting.
The merchant’s dice were 6, and Iruki’s was 3.
“I won.”
When Iruki’s victory was confirmed, the topological space disappeared and returned to the shop scene.
A blush bloomed on the merchant’s face.
“My heart was pounding from the first time I saw you. Alright, let’s go out.”
A frightening attitude change.
‘If you win the dice, everything is possible. On the inside track, dice is really king.’
she said with a happy face.
“Where will the date go? You can close the store.”
Even at this moment, the points were decreasing, so there was no time to waste.
“Before that, let me ask you something. Shouldn’t we first know the name and age?”
“Oh, yes. i’m kara is twenty-eight years old. I’m older than you, but… … Because we are lovers now.”
Iruki’s eyes grew cold.
‘If you succeed in persuasion, this much information will be provided. It wasn’t an easy match though.’
Iruki was lucky in that the odds of a draw were greater.
“Okay, then let me ask you one more question. About the buyout program I mentioned earlier… …
Kara’s face hardened.
“I’m not asking you to tell me. I just want to know if you are sure you have the information.”
“ha. What should I do… Really.”
As the group watched, she sighed and suddenly raised her head.
“huh.”
And he said it over and over again.
“I have it, information.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1192.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dark Organization (3)
Iruki looked back at his friends and asked.
“Then, if that information… …
“No no! I can’t tell you anything more. If you tell me this… … No, no.”
If you couldn’t tell even with feelings of love, it was highly likely that it was related to your personal life.
Iruki shook his head.
“Can you still tell me? Trust me. I will protect you if you are in danger.”
Kara covered her cheeks with both hands.
“How to. It’s so cool.”
While Nade pouted his lower lip, Sirone waited hopefully.
“Sorry. I am… …
As she cried and suffered, Iruki meekly stepped back.
“Do you think this is it? Ah. It is impossible to create a variable outside of the dice product.”
Since he had no feelings for Kara in the first place, he remained calm even in front of the person concerned.
Eden said.
“It’s a good start, though. Because I finished with 2 million. If I hadn’t been lucky, I would have entered over 10 million.”
“Mr. Curtis is not broke for nothing. What should I do? Shall we visit the next store?”
Sirone said.
“Let’s do it here. As Eden said, a lot of points go into drawing favor from the other person. This is your chance. Be it porridge or rice… …
We have to win here.
“Mr. Kara, I want to get information about the buyout program. If you know anything, please tell me.”
Kara’s expression changed.
“It is true that I have information, but I can never reveal it. To convince me, the rule is that you have to pay 10 million points per round.”
‘Half was cut.’
It must have been an accomplice effect to Iruki’s persuasion.
“Okay, I’ll convince you.”
“I will use 2 dice. From 2 to 12, say one number and win if you get the same number.”
“One number?”
It was a level of difficulty increase.
‘To express it emotionally, it means that it is a secret that I want to hide as much as it is. Honestly, it’s chilling down my spine.’
Even though the rules seemed to apply equally, there was actually a blind spot in this match.
‘Even if it ends in a draw, the manager has nothing to lose. After all, it is an extremely difficult probability to win.’
Of course, it was by the standard of the general public.
“great. I choose 7.”
“I am 4.”
Two people roll a die in phase space.
‘Quantum decay.’
As the probability of the dice thrown by Sirone was eliminated, the eyes of 3 and 4 came out.
Kara was 11.
‘I won.’
While the friends clenched their fists, Kara at the counter had a dazed expression. A huge shock… … such feelings.
“after.”
Her legs gave way, she sat down in a chair and the corners of her mouth trembled.
“OK got it. I can’t do it when it comes out like this. Baby friend, are you really that great?”
“My friend is a bit strong.”
It was just a throw of the dice, but it was not wrong because it was controlled with the skill of the mind.
“good. I don’t know too much about it either. Of course, if I reveal even this, my life will be in danger.”
A blue light came into Kara’s eyes.
“All I know is… …
‘The mode has changed.’
Real-time keywords not stored in the primary database popped out of my mouth.
“Corcoras.”
Sirone nodded.
‘Right.’
Kara, who came back with a bright expression as if she had never done that before, said with a smile.
“That’s all. I’m sorry, honey. I wanted to help. now… … Are you leaving?”
Even if it was a mechanical emotion, it was bound to be confusing if it came out this way.
“let’s go.”
Iruki turned coldly.
“Hey, wouldn’t it be nice to say goodbye though? Strangely, I feel bad.”
“So you are going.”
After all, if you think it was a game of dice, only humans will be hurt.
“Let’s go on a date next time.”
Kara’s face didn’t seem to have any expression, so the party couldn’t look back.
Sirone spoke at the entrance of sector 7.
“Corcoras. That’s the name of the landfill Mr. Curtis said. Mr. Pena is waiting for you.”
said Nade.
“Well, I think this is great information. Mr. Curtis wouldn’t have even bothered to persuade me this far. Anyway, let’s not persuade the hot-tempered in the future. The rules are too hard.”
Iruki agreed.
“Without quantum collapse, even if you try 12 times, you can’t guarantee it. That alone will cost you 240 million points.”
Eden patted his lips.
“Hmm, but isn’t that an impossible figure for a point conglomerate? If you’re lucky… … huh?”
lucky.
From Eden’s surprised expression, Sirone realized too.
“I see. You said there are two ways to enter the core. Collect 10 billion points to buy a key, or get lucky.”
said Nade.
“So there was no third route from the beginning. This is one of the official strategies.”
Iruki rested his chin.
“Certainly there is a point. Collecting 10 billion and persuading using points. The core of the outer and inner tracks respectively. In terms of difficulty, I think it’s on par.”
Eden added.
“On the other hand, persuasion is absolutely advantageous for us. If you have to be lucky, we control that luck. Our team will be the only ones challenging to buy at just 200 million won.”
Nade smiled.
“Mr. Curtis did the right thing. If we meet later, we should buy some food.”
He must have suffered in prison
“Okay, let’s save it quickly. First of all, it’s to strengthen the dice. Persuasion allows you to buy more items. The first thing you need to prepare is loss of motivation, and then enter the royal road. Of course, I have to leave 50 million points.”
Nade shouted as the plan was devised.
“good! Let’s go!”
Corcoras.
The place called the landfill was an island where all the garbage of Mel Kidoo was dumped.
Of course, users use trash instead of nominations.
There was a different reason for using the term pre-landfill.
This is because this is the place where the worst criminals, human scum, are gathered in Melkidoo.
“… … Hooooooo!”
A flash of golden light curved and landed on the white sandy beach of an island floating in the open sea.
Nade’s voice disappeared, and Shiro and the others looked around the sandy beach.
“Ugh, the smell.”
Garbage was dumped everywhere.
“Looking at the coastline, it’s a fairly large island. It will take some time to find Pena.”
“I have to stay for a day when I get here anyway. Depending on the information, we may stay longer.”
On the way into the island, all sorts of junk were piled up like a mountain.
“Is there a store? We need to get food from the sea, but the fishermen are nowhere to be seen.”
said Iruki.
“Miss Pena said, if I come too late, you’ll see me at the table. They say she sells human flesh.”
“Ugh w
Just as Eden shuddered, a group emerged from the garbage heap.
“haha. You are here, you are here.”
They were men with tattoos all over their bodies and wearing short sleeves with holes in them.
“You guys, do you know where this is?”
“It’s a landfill.”
“no no. This is Corcoras. In short, it is a place where everything you own is stolen.”
It didn’t look particularly strong, but Shiro and the others were also using a lot of points.
said the leader.
“Give me one minute. Put down all your items and get down on your knees. If you have something expensive, it will save your life.”
Eden carefully examined the different types of emblems on the man’s forearm.
‘Is that??????
the nerds shouted.
“What are you doing? don’t you hurry up? Do you really want to die?”
They were ready to attack at any moment with their swords, but Sirone and the others remained calm.
“Ku-k-k-k! Quit-quick-quick! Whoa! Whoops!”
As if he hadn’t laughed much, the leader scratched his neck and vomited a harsh cough.
“If you don’t have a swollen liver, you’re a rookie. Not knowing the notoriety of Corcoras
I see you.”
The ronin came.
“It would be a pity if you believed in the point and installed it. Each special area has its own characteristics. Corcoras can’t use points. Instead, you can kill the user as much as you like. In short, it is a player-kill free zone.”
“The points are not deducted?”
“haha! okay. I’m saying there’s nothing wrong with slaughtering you. Then slowly??
Nade patted his fist.
“shit! Was it like that? You were nervous for no reason.”
As the incarnation of the god of thunder wrapped around his body, the ronin pointed at him with a dazed expression.
“Hey you… … Electricity runs through your body.”
“know.”
The white sandy beach on the west side of the island sparkled and shone.
1 minute later.
“Buy, buy, please. I was wrong.”
convulsive with twisted limbs
Five people lay on the sandy beach and teased each other.
“you.”
When Nade approaches, they find a live fish.
Rum dreamed.
“Hee! Sin, sorry!”
“Let’s ask something. Has a woman named Pena ever been here? She’s a bit shorter than me, and she’s skinny. I did it three days ago here time.”
“Oh, no. I didn’t see it.”
Even after answering, the leader raised his head, perhaps feeling uneasy.
“I haven’t really seen a woman. There is another destination other than here, and she must have gone there.”
“You have another one?”
“yes yes. The sandy beach to the east.”
Sirone asked.
“Who is guarding it?”
“No, no. East and west, we are all in our control. There is no other guy.”
Eden asked.
“What are you holding on to?”
“Uh, so… … Garbage here.” Sirone looked back at her friends.
“It must be a robber only targeting beginners. There was this kind of thing in High Gear too, Tenman.”
Nade frowned.
“You know, there are people who step on people who are trying to do something from the beginning. Anyway, it’s pitiful.”
Nangin’s pride was hurt, but he couldn’t show his crumpled face to Nade.
Sirone asked.
“Why live in a place full of garbage? Wouldn’t there be living space inside the island?”
“It’s a lawless area. The three major gangs are in control, so if you get caught the wrong way, it really hurts.”
Eden said.
“Red Union. Desperado. Johan Cartel.”
Nade turned his head.
“I know?”
“The emblem engraved on both arms of that man. It’s a well-known criminal organization in real life.”
“I’m hearing it for the first time.”
“Of course you guys who are active worldwide don’t know. It’s a criminal organization, in fact it’s just a corporate thug. It’s about setting up a small city as a base. Sirone might know.”
“huh. Even if we never met in person.” She remained with Omega.
“I know a bit about this floor because Yora assists with police work during missions. You can’t think of the world’s top 10 guild scale like the parrot mercenary. There are very few strong people, and if a magician is an unofficial level 10, he will use some strength.”
“They are wild dogs.”
Eden looked back at the leader.
“But cruelty is second to none. The fact that the three emblems were stamped proves that he betrayed the organization and moved around. In other words, they ran away here.”
said Iruki.
“It’s better. Just robbing the gang will give us the information we’re looking for.”
“what? Come to think of it……
Nade approached the kneeling leader and touched the crown of his head.
“Do you know everything? The 3rd gang.”
“yes?????? yes.”
The leader closed his eyes and answered as the electricity was already flowing.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1193.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dark Organization (4)
Anyway, since the ronins were also being chased by the 3 major gangs, there was nothing to hide.
“The most influential is the Desperado organization… …
After explaining the power chart for about 10 minutes, he even revealed the number of members and the name of the leader.
Eden said.
“The bosses are wanted in reality. But how do you not run out of food while fighting a war every day? The corpses of the deceased would not be enough.”
“I don’t know that far. It seemed like they were getting food from somewhere.”
The leader pointed to the sea.
“This area is all garbage, and the pollutants are spreading, so the only thing you can catch is rotten fish. The distant sea doesn’t even exist. But strangely, there are occasional large ships docked there. It seems to be getting supplies from there. actually… … It is not an exaggeration to say that the war between gangs is to occupy this place.”
“Ship?”
The outer tracks are space-separated, so no means of transportation is required to go anywhere.
‘The organization of darkness. also… … Someone here is making contact with the manager.’
the leader spoke.
“In fact, food is incidental, and the real supply is weapons. They call it a machine gun.”
“Machine gun?”
“yes. This is very strange, but the sound is very loud. All you have to do is pull the trigger… …
Watching him make a tutu tutu sound with his mouth, Sirone thought of high gear.
‘It’s a firearm.’
An item that does not reach the essence of magic, but can kill people without any effort.
Even the feeling of guilt weakens.
‘When things change, the philosophy of the times also changes. It’s a perfect fit for Melkidoo.’
Nade asked.
“I understand the situation roughly. But why are you guys betraying like that?”
“I was good at one time too. Until they were all robbed at the gambling house. I evaded security, but this is just food unless you join a gang. So I was forced to sign up. So, once I signed up… …
“Did you?”
“I was so scared that I ran away.” “Those guys are not people. If it’s wrong, just pull it out and throw it away. At first, I joined Desperado, but it was too bloody, so I switched to Red Union. But it was also a den of madmen. So I went to the Johan Cartel… …
The leader’s face turned pale.
“just… … Hell. All three gangs are hell. Do you know? It wasn’t betrayal, it was running away. If you move on to another organization, that organization will protect you, but now you have nowhere to return to. That’s why I live here.”
“Is that more pathetic?”
“haha!”
Suddenly, he straightened his shoulders, as if he remembered the days when he had the power of the gang.
“7} You will know why you had to run away. I warn you, those guys…
The leader showed his face to Nade.
“They are real bad guys.”
Nade slapped him in the face as he strained his eyes as if he were the bad guy himself.
“ouch! Why are you hitting me!”
“You are laughing. How are you guys different? Just a little while ago, robbery was going to be done.”
Nade got up from his seat.
“What are you going to do? Shall we rob Desperado first? They say it’s the biggest of the gang.”
Eden said.
“That’s nice too, but you don’t know where Mr. Pena is. Let’s go in and see the situation.”
“but.”
Nade said to Rongin.
“You guys, stop going. Don’t do bad things in the future. Just roll the dice and get out.”
“excuse me??????
The leader approached, kneeling.
“I have a good idea, would you like to form a gang? I will take you as my brother.”
The power of the machine gun was great, but it was nothing compared to magic that handles electricity.
‘If you use these guys, it’s not a job to take control of all three gangs. Then me too… …
Nade crushed his hopes.
“it’s okay. We’ll take care of it.”
“Stop that and listen to me. If you use my quick information on the 3 gangs… …
“I’m warning you.”
Nade stopped talking.
“Never see me again. We’re a bit busy with our schedules, so we’re just letting it go. Go quickly.”
The leader bet on the match here because he was the one who had to dig through the garbage anyway.
“This kind of food is not good. Because we are the ones who have nothing to lose. can you handle it? In the future, with all sorts of schemes and schemes, you… …
“Can’t you turn off soon?”
Electricity came into Nade’s eyes.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The screaming ronins twisted their bodies at the same time and ran as if they were crawling on the sandy beach.
Nade said, straining his eyes.
“Things that don’t make sense, anyway, learn only the bad things. You should do it to someone who can work through threats.”
Nade, Iruki, and Eden were also strong, but Sirone was the strongest magician in mankind.
“it’s okay. let’s hurry. Because I am hungry.”
While Iruki led the way, Eden, who was following behind, added a word.
“I will not eat meat.”
After passing through the garbage heaps and entering the island, the grim scene of the city greeted me.
Bullet marks were engraved on each building, and some buildings were left half-collapsed.
The main streets were occupied by armed men, while the alleys were huddled by vagrants.
“I guess each gang has a separate area to manage. You can see the Red Union emblem in common.”
“I know. Some have 2 or 3 engravings. It seems there are a lot of the same type as the ronin.”
“How is it over there?”
When I pointed to a signboard that had a neon sign shining from daytime, my friends agreed.
“Because a bar is like a public facility for a gang. I want you to sell something to eat.”
“You can’t use points here. They say you need to provide items or equivalent labor.”
“Let’s go. You can trade for cheap items.”
As I opened the door to the bar and entered, the shirtless gang turned their heads at the same time.
“What is that?”
It was the first face I saw in Corcoras, and the fact that I was young removed my guard.
‘It’s my turn to step out.’ This time, the newly joined Red Union newcomer aimed a machine gun at the party.
“Hey, what are you guys doing? Where do you belong?”
“I have a question for you.”
When Sirone spoke directly, the newcomer raised a corner of his mouth wickedly.
“Keuk, then you’re welcome. Ask anything. However, the price will be a bit high.”
He looked back to Eden.
“Okay, the price I want is… …
“Whoa.”
Thinking that it was not possible to solve the problem through dialogue, the moment Ned was about to step out, he heard a voice from the second floor.
“stop.”
The Red Union’s action leader was looking down the hall with a displeased expression.
“Ah, brother. Are you here?”
The newcomer greeted politely, but the action commander’s eyes turned to death.
“Brother, why… …
“it’s okay. take it this way Please come up.”
When Sirone and the others climbed the stairs and entered the room, the newcomer returned with a tilt of his head.
“Why are you angry, brother? evil!” The senior I was waiting for was slapped on the back of the head.
“Senior, why are you like that?”
“Shut up, sit down and have a drink. You are using the best luck of your life right now.”
The newcomer touched the back of his head and asked.
“Do you know someone?”
“I don’t know. It’s the first time I see your face But shouldn’t you know that if you touch it, you will be F*cked?”
“They just seem like docile kids.”
“Don’t look at the face, look at the eyes. Guys like us will do anything to make a living. There’s nothing I don’t like, nothing dirty. Do you know what eyes are called?”
“well. gang?”
“Eyes of the Beast.”
The senior passed the strong drink at once.
“You have eyes that are cloudy but sad, cold but frustrated. But they are different. Those are the eyes of those who protected them to the end. It’s not that they give up just because it’s F*cked up, they’re the ones who got through it and climbed up.” The old man laughed bitterly.
“Wild dogs like us have to be careful with those eyes. Even if there is nothing scary in the world, you should be afraid of the world itself, bastard.”
The newcomer turned his head.
“What does that mean?”
The senior kept his mouth firmly shut and just filled an empty glass with alcohol.
“Forgive me for the rudeness.”
In the special room on the second floor, the Red Union’s captain poured alcohol for Sirone and the others.
“The best drink in the store.”
“Did someone named Pena come? No, has she ever recruited a woman lately?”
“Are you a cop?”
When Sirone and the others were silent, he continued.
“I did not join the Red Union. Also, according to my information, no women have recently joined any of the three major gangs. If you lied about your gender, you wouldn’t know.”
“Hmm, it doesn’t seem to be in the gang.” the action leader said.
“I will prepare dinner. The captain will come and see you. I will serve you properly.”
There was no time for that.
“That’s done. There’s one more question I’d like to ask you. About the buyout program.”
The action leader smiled.
“I have nothing to say about that. Let’s talk to the captain.”
That would be a good method, but more than anything, I was worried about Pena’s safety.
‘Not being in a gang means being on the streets. If you’ve been hiding for three days already… …
Sirone stood up.
“I will go back today. Come back.”
Knowing that there was no way to stop them, the commander of the action bowed down.
“Please stop by. And if I ask you one thing, don’t even think about joining hands with other organizations.”
he raised his head
“I know you are strong. But the fire moth prefers fire over life.”
It meant fighting to the death.
“I will think about it.”
Sirone and the others, who did not listen with their ears, left the steamy cup and left the room.
The leader of the action, standing upright, smoked a cigarette.
“shit.”
From a very long time ago, a religious message from Corcoras came to mind.
“Why is it now?”
Sirone and the others walked the streets.
“What happened to Pena-san? Didn’t she come in the first place? I’m scared.”
There was no possibility at all.
“It is not the time to make hasty decisions. If you’re not in a gang, look for bums…”
“you!”
The hooded person grabbed Sirone’s arm.
“Ahh! It’s a surprise!”
Frowning at the terrible stench for a while, Sirone looked at the face inside the hood.
“Mr. Pena?”
Pena’s face turned into a tear-stain.
“Hey, why are you so late? I thought you were afraid to die.”
“… … are you okay?”
It must have been hidden in a pile of garbage, and not only did it smell bad, but it also had grime all over its body.
“You look okay! I haven’t eaten anything for 3 days. Menstruation was just done on clothes.”
Nade asked absurdly.
“Why did you do that? I have to go to the bathroom.”
“And what if you get caught? It is best to do nothing at this time. It’s the same as dying if you guys don’t come anyway. I didn’t move anything except my fingers and toes.” It is the survival method of the weakest in nature, but being able to do it was also strong.
“thank you for your effort. Come on.”
“I’m really sad. I need to buy you something delicious. I heard a lot of advanced information. huh? Can I order something expensive?”
said Nade.
“Shouldn’t you wash up before that? Even the appetite I didn’t have seemed to run away.”
“There’s nothing I can’t say to a lady.”
When Pena threw off her coat, Nade, covered in the cloak, struggled like a ghost.
“Aww! Why don’t you take this off!”
“Puhahaha!”
It was fortunate that Pena was unharmed.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1194.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dark Organization (5)
“Rinse first. If we go on like this, no restaurant will accept us.”
Ned, who barely escaped from Pena’s cloak, said, but there was no place to wash.
“I have a good idea.”
Sirone, who went into an uninhabited place, made a simple bath with the ability of the material.
Pena’s eyes widened.
“How did you do it?”
“It is such an ability. Corcoras does not use points, so this is possible.”
The explanation was short, but Pena didn’t care.
“I’ll be back soon!”
In the bathroom she entered, she heard the sound of drinking water.
When Sirone’s face turned pale, Iruki asked.
“What happened? With your abilities, going to a bathroom like this wouldn’t be a job.”
“huh. It is, but… …
It was the aftermath of the current construction of the Sirone Spear on the sun side.
Simultaneous events are not divisions, so any sirone can exist 100%.
‘But Armand is not me. I cover it with mental power, but there is a limit to the availability.’
As the silence grew longer, Iruki realized.
‘Something serious has happened.’
The reason we can’t dig deeper is because knowing doesn’t help.
‘We experience Melkidu, but to Sirone, it’s just an incident.’ He would still have everything under control.
‘Cheer up, Sirone.’
Shirone’s heart was moved by Iruki’s hand, which silently slapped her on the back.
‘thank you.’
You probably don’t know.
Among the many simultaneous incidents, this is the only place where you can laugh.
It wasn’t because his friends were strong, or because Melkidu was more comfortable than other places.
‘It’s okay to fail.’
To his friends, he is not an infinite wizard, the five great stars of the ivory tower, or Yahweh responsible for the fate of mankind… … .
‘It’s just Sirone.’
She is only Sirone, an alumnus of Alpheas Magic School.
‘Sometimes I’m sensitive, and sometimes I’m consistent, but my friends don’t see me differently.’
It’s probably because they even understand the cause.
While feeling at ease after a long time, Pena came out of the bath shaking her hair.
“I will live for a while now. let’s hurry. hungry.”
Sirone smiled.
“yes.” Sirone and the others went into a nearby restaurant.
“How is Mr. Curtis?” Fena, who was hastily putting food in, coughed and drank her water.
“Yeah, that. Great. He must have been pretty good. The crimes I have committed so far have been so serious that I have not been able to go anywhere else and have been imprisoned in Parme, the capital. It is a top-notch prison.”
It didn’t seem to go well.
“Thanks to you, I was less bothered. however… … My heart broke at the thought of meeting you guys. I just need to be in the capital, but there’s no way to contact them. Crying and eating mustard, I came here using my loss of motivation.”
Sirone comforted him.
“It wasn’t a loss. We had to come here anyway. I think there is a buying hint here.”
“okay? Hmm, well. If there really is a dark organization, there’s no better fit than here. I watched it from the trash heap, and it was really no joke.”
“What did you see?”
“Dismemberment of the body. I knew what kind of pork they were using. I heard you kicked your feet without blinking an eye. But thanks, I got some information. About the three major gangs.”
Pena’s explanation was similar to what they had heard, but the information was up-to-date.
“This time, the Johann Cartel took over the supplies coming into Corcoras. That’s why the Desperado organization seems to be vying for it. A great war will break out.”
Sirone stood up.
“Okay, then let’s go to the Johann Cartel. The one who took the supplies must have made contact with the dark organization.”
“Ugh, Johann Cartel… …
Pena, who was about to say something, shook her head.
“okay! let’s go! After all, there doesn’t seem to be a top among the three major gangs. The problem is how to find their base. There will be no resistance.”
After finishing the calculation, Nade returned.
“shit. Just eating this is a bonus. Let’s go out and take care of them one by one.”
After leaving the store, Sirone and the others saw that three major gangs were blocking the entrance.
A man pointed a machine gun.
“Should I choose soon? We are impatient.”
Nade, who was examining their faces, turned to his friends and smiled.
“Is it much easier?”
While the other friends were also smiling, only Pena was shaking her legs.
John Cartel.
Their stronghold was a monastery with a pious atmosphere, incongruous with gunshots.
“Are you new?”
A woman in a nun’s uniform was drinking in a dimly lit room.
It was Arya, the leader of the Johann Cartel.
“Yes, sister. Other organizations are not rough.”
A man in his mid-twenties bowed his head in the midst of gang leaders.
“hello! It’s called Boto! I will serve you with all my heart and soul.”
“How are you going to serve me?”
“yes?”
“How are you going to take it? Don’t make me ask twice.”
“Ah, that… …
Unable to handle Arya’s intense gaze, Votto averted his gaze to the shelf.
I saw underwear with a penis on it, a whip, and a chained dog collar.
As Arya snapped her fingers, Votto’s gaze returned to normal.
“Listen. The Johan Cartel is the oldest organization in Melkidu. It is the only place that directly supports the will of Cain, the founder of Mel Kidu. Because we have been in control of Melkidu since ancient times, the real brothers can survive.”
“yes.”
“But at some point, Red Union came in and installed you, Desperadoni, and things without genealogy. I don’t like it. Do you know what I mean?”
“Don’t worry. I’m the guy who used to hang out with me outside. My hands are itchy.”
Then a knock was heard.
“Boss, I brought those guys.”
“come in.”
Arya, who confirmed the faces of Sirone and the others, muttered with a rotten expression.
“It’s like?????”
They are qualitatively different from the gang.
“Yeah, I heard you walk around with a terrifying sore? Are you a cop? Or are you looking for someone?”
Sirone said.
“Tell me about the dark organization. We want to enter the core by the back door.”
“ah… …
Arya’s eyes widened.
“back door. It’s good.”
“Kkeuk!”
Realizing the meaning, Votto could not hold back his laughter, and the officers turned their heads.
“Hmm, sorry.” Arya, who had been watching him expressionlessly, put her glass down and stood up from her chair.
“Come on.”
As Votto approached awkwardly, Arya drew closer and grabbed his wrist.
“Big, big sister.”
“why? You like things like this.”
She raised the skirt of her nun’s uniform and brought Votto’s hand to the inside of her thigh.
“Touch this. yes. Hold on tight.”
Looking down, Votto found a dagger held in reverse in his hand.
“Hey, why… … ?”
Before he could finish his sentence, Arya moved Votto’s hand and thrust the dagger into his stomach.
“omg!”
I reflexively pushed it away, but the blade was already two-thirds of the way in.
“Ahh! knife! This knife!”
Staggering back, Arya grabbed the bottle and swung her arm in full swing.
With a pop, the bottle burst and Votto fell.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Blood was gushing out of his head, and the blade that pierced his stomach was as hot as fire.
“Pear, pear! A knife in my stomach… … !”
“Kuk-kuk. Then take it off, you son of a bitch.”
As the executives kicked the abdomen as if playing with it, Votto shook his limbs.
“no! evil! i die! ah! ah! Help me!”
Arya waved her hand.
“shut up. Take him out quickly.”
The wooden door slammed shut as Votto, who was caught in the leg, was dragged out.
“Whoa, yes.”
Arya sat back down and asked.
“Backdoors are my specialty. Among the three major gangs, no one can drill better than me.”
The creator of Melkidu’s system is presumed to be Cain, the first murderer of mankind.
Of course, the truth will be at the core, but the Johann Cartel has supported his will for many years.
In reality, and also in Melkidu.
“In short, you came to the right place. But what can you guys do for me?”
“nothing.”
“huh?”
Sirone said.
“I won’t do anything. I think this level is sufficient as a transaction condition.”
Emotion disappeared from Aria’s face again.
“Do you know what a gang is?”
“I don’t want to know.”
No matter how wicked he was, his annoyance soared at the sight of cruelly harassing his colleagues.
“No one here is afraid of guns. why? The moment you avoid it because it’s scary, it’s a burial. just pulling Whoever shoots first will survive.”
I could understand the feelings of the ronin of the sandy beach.
“It’s like a hold’em game. Even if you have AA cards in your hand, you will be scared if your opponent goes all-in. Those without guts die, and only those with guts call out.”
“What do you want to say?”
As Sirone’s tone became fierce, madness flashed in Aria’s eyes.
“It’s all-in, you asshole.”
A machine gun was in Arya’s hand, and all the gang members opened fire on Sirone.
The gunshots rang in my ears, and sparks blazed in the dark lights.
Pena covered her ears and crouched down.
“Ugh, ugh!”
I thought I was dead, but no matter how much time passed, I didn’t feel any pain.
Opening one eye slowly, she straightened her upper body at the unbelievable sight.
“What, what!”
Realizing the same thing, the gang stopped shooting one by one, and eventually only the sound of tinnitus remained.
“Who are you?”
The smoke of light that spread around Sirone held all 700 bullets.
“call.”
The next moment, the bullet returned to the entire gang in the same direction and speed as it had been fired.
“Huh!”
The gang shuddered as the bullet stopped in front of the forehead and spun at a tremendous speed.
Sirone said.
“No one is afraid of guns? No, it’s just that there’s nothing to see. How are you now? Are you a little scared?” It was true.
“This is your last chance. Last chance for me to do nothing. Decide.”
Arya bit her lip.
“????? I lost.”
At the same time, the bullets stopped spinning and all fell to the floor with a heavy sound.
“ha. ha.”
As the men slumped down, Arya was glad she was sitting in the chair.
‘Dear Cain.’
Was it really true?
– Cain, who realized the efficiency of evil through the first murder, created the Melkidu system. It’s what gave people hope. The hope that any mistake can be forgiven.
As a pure-blood of the Johann Cartel, she heard a lot from the previous nuns.
-We kill people and loot property. The world calls it a crime, but we call it a holy deed. Evil is far more powerful than good, far purer, a truth that dwells in the deepest depths of man.
The nun of the Johann Cartel must enter Melki-Doo and take care of Corcoras.
-But Aria, although evil is strong, the limit is clear. You must always hide in the dark, and you must not yearn for the light.
– Why?
I didn’t understand at the time.
-Why can’t we shine? Cain gave hope to all sinners.
-Last message.
The previous nun spoke instead of persuasion.
-It is a secret that the Yohan Cartel must keep until the very end, so you must never forget it.
It is said that Cain left these words as he left Melkidu.
-There is no holy ground for demons.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1195.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Omega 999(1)
The more humans affected by the pyramids built in different parts of the world, the stronger the devil in the underworld.
The amplified demon was passed on to the demons and contributed to the attack of the impregnable Ivory Tower.
“rush! rush!”
As if all creatures in the world were randomly crossed with humans, demons.
“Knock down the intellect! Befitting the title of the 1st Corps we had won, their military force was difficult to block even the stars of the Ivory Tower.
Minerva shouted.
“What about Sirone?”
Sirone, who had cast the Ataraxia bullet system, had already disappeared into the depths of the demon army.
“Can not see! I went into the ivory tower… … !”
or couldn’t get in.
At that moment, a light sound exploded at the entrance of the Ivory Tower, and a pillar of light ascended to heaven.
‘That’s it.’
I could feel the power of the six bullets.
‘I’m desperate to save Taeseong. But can’t keep it for long. I need to send support.’
The stars of the Ivory Tower focused their strength to break through, but the resistance of the demons grew stronger and stronger.
They tried to split the rock by driving wedges into it, but rather got bitten by the rock.
‘It can’t be pierced by the regular method.’ said Minerva.
“periods.”
A woman’s face rose convexly from the pool of human blood.
“Yes, Oh Dae-sung.” A 1-star resident of the Ivory Tower, he had the ability to imitate his body like a slime.
“Leave the battlefield and go to the Ivory Tower. Help Sirone. Somebody has to go in.”
“All right.”
As Mi-moon disappeared into the pool of blood again, I heard a familiar voice behind me.
“Oh Dae-sung.”
Ariana, who exuded a healthy blonde hair, had a mini on her chest.
Minerva completely turned around.
“Can’t you guys go around a little normally?”
“Don’t you know that a pair is one body? The demons are getting stronger. After an hour, I think I will exceed the fighting power of the Ivory Tower. I have to break through now.”
“Is there a way?”
“It is an extreme use of the wedge operation. It is to fly demons with a triangular mass teleport. When there is a momentary gap, I hit it with all my might.”
It was plausible.
“A moderately sized wedge won’t work. It will have to be a huge wedge. Besides, if you fall through the mass teleport, you will be trampled to death by demons as soon as you arrive.”
Minnie prepared for death.
“So me and Ariana have to do it. A skill that leaves only allies is not enough in Corona Kingdom.”
added Ariana.
“More than anything else, Sirone-nim is fighting on the front line. I think our department should take charge.”
“sister.”
A voice came from the defensive end.
“sorry.”
The bodies of 3-star resident Gale, satellite Moscochi, and unknown satellite Mari were split.
“Ha ha ha! We win!”
The remaining stars were doing their best to block it, but it seemed that they would not be able to hold out for the next five minutes.
‘okay. You worked hard, scum.’
Most of the stars in the Human Security Enforcement Department were once menaces to mankind.
“Okay, going with that strategy.” said Minerva.
“However, I am the one who enforces it. I’ll blow the demons away, so you guys can help Sirone through the entrance.”
“but… …
Minerva shook her head.
“If you’re going to do it, it’s better to be certain. Besides, wouldn’t I have the slightest chance of surviving?”
It was a sad lie.
“yes. sorry.”
“Prepare.”
As soon as the instructions were given, the stars dispersed, and Minerva looked back at the Ivory Tower.
‘Sirone.’
You have become very beautiful.
‘thank you for saying it like that.’
According to the change in the law, she was no longer a witch inciting someone’s desire.
‘but… …
The wounds in his heart were too great to be comforted by that alone.
‘I’m still a witch. a lot of people
The great witch of the era who drove her to death.’ Minerva’s body turned into a ten-year-old girl.
‘I can’t wash it away with anything.’ The heart remembers.
The body of the time when I had to be caught and suffered by the hands of adults.
-sick! sick!
– are you okay.
‘Cause I’m not sick
“Big!”
Tears flowed down the girl’s face.
‘Then I realized.’
When you move your jaw to chew food, know that no one cares
‘Just repeat, repeat again, until your desire is satisfied, and again and again…’
What is a human?
‘It’s just a machine that harasses people.’
I am prepared to pay for any crime, but there is one thing that never changes.
‘I don’t regret it.’
It is a fact that she cannot forgive humans.
‘So, Sirone.’ don’t forgive me
Minerva’s spirit zone grew at a tremendous speed while maintaining its wedge shape.
Over 10,000 units of identification with peers ended in an instant, and the body began to glow brightly.
“Mass teleport.”
A triangular light was born in the demon camp, and then it completely disappeared as if evaporating.
Minnie shouted.
“I see the entrance!”
Although it was a passage as thin as a needle, it was a point that could not be reached in other forms.
“charge!”
Corona’s forces roared, and the remaining stars slammed the entrance with all their might.
A dull crash echoed in the snowy mountains twenty kilometers from the ivory tower.
“Keugh!”
The body of Minerva, who stopped the attack by lifting the jet, was imprinted on the ice cliff like a print.
The demons were very angry.
“Something like a beggar.”
Considering the abilities of the demons, you have to be at least 20 kilometers away to buy time.
However, they are also the elite of the elite who fought the World War as part of the 1st Corps.
“Just know you won’t kill me.” Simultaneously with the scalpel teleport, he grasped the situation and pushed Minerva.
The ice cliff gradually cracked and Minerva fell ten meters down.
“Whoa.”
The 10-year-old girl leaned her back against the wall and looked at the demon with a resigned expression.
‘Wait, scum. My sister will be leaving soon too.’
The demons are approaching.
“Hey, it looks like you gave up. Well, there is no one here to help you.”
her body swelled up
“I won’t be able to move a single finger. Can’t you even commit suicide? I wonder how many hours it will last?”
“??????Suicide.”
Minerva laughed.
‘That would have been better. If I had died and disappeared alone, the cataclysm wouldn’t have happened.’
A lot of people died because of the walking dead she caused.
‘Because I’m afraid of dying?’ There were times when I actually tried to hang myself, but the reason why I couldn’t bear to die.
‘Breaking down.’
I am so angry that I want to die, and I am even more angry with myself for not being able to die… … .
‘I really want to die and throw it away!’
The faces of those guys who were still alive even at the moment they were hanging from the rope caught my eye.
‘I’m going to kill them all!’
became a witch
“Dears, don’t you think you guys are amazing? On a subject that is moved by mere human emotions.” Her Minerva’s powers that had been restraining her were released as life bloomed in her eyes.
“Do you know who I am?”
Minerva asked for a smoke pipe as she watched the demons rushing in, filling the landscape.
“I was the one who made <Slaughter>.”
“Kill!”
Poisonous smoke billowed from her mouth.
walking dead.
20 minutes later.
“Kuh! Keugh!”
With both legs broken and a missing right shoulder, Minerva crawled over the snow.
“Bad bitch.”
There were only 7 demons left.
“ha. ha.”
As Minerva crawled to the cliff and leaned back, the demons approached with tearing lips.
“I’m sorry. If I was lucky, I would have survived even if the unprecedented operation succeeded.”
Minerva spat the blood in her mouth.
“whatever. sick.”
If it wasn’t for the spiritual power of the Archmage, it was a state that would have been okay even if his life had already been turned off.
“Geuk, it should come out like that. It’s going to be a bit difficult to handle the share of dead comrades.”
She flicked her left hand, which was hanging on the ground.
“Yes, come. Try it.”
Even in the face of death, the demons frowned as the tremendous vitality surged.
“What is all this? You’re more poisonous than the demons.”
“it’s okay. There’s no time, so let’s finish quickly. If you peel it off, it will cry on its own.”
The demons approached Minerva, who had no strength to resist, and touched her arm.
‘Never cry.’
The gray sky was visible in her eyes.
‘Yeah, I’m coming soon, scumbags. I’m afraid I’ll suffer for a few hours.’
“Let’s start from here.”
Just when I thought the blade cutting my wrist was icy, I heard the sound of the wind.
Lines were drawn on the bodies of the demons, and they began to turn into pieces in an instant.
“Some guy… … ! Kuck!”
As the last demon fell with its head cut off, a familiar form shimmered before my eyes.
“Sirone?”
She shook her head.
‘No, it’s different.’
Her appearance was the same as Sirone’s, but her cold eyes were far from Yahweh’s spirit.
‘ maybe.’
she spat out.
“????? Sex brain.”
The official name was someone’s brain, but Minerva vaguely guessed it.
“What are you doing to this place?”
As if the conversation was burdensome, the brain erased Sirone’s appearance and regained its original form.
“Answer me. Why did you suddenly change your mind when you didn’t even participate in the faction fight?”
The brain opened the illusion again.
I’ve seen many of his appearances so far, but I can assure you that this was the first time.
Therefore, it was the true form and also… … .
“Gaia. Right?”
His metallic hair came down long, he had no eyebrows, and his expression was calm.
said the sex brain.
“I am Adam. It is the beginning of all human beings, and the last remaining Gaian in this world.”
he corrected
“It’s the brain, to be exact.”
“It seems so. But it’s not an important issue for me. Why did you come here?”
“To say goodbye.”
“farewell?”
Minerva laughed.
“I know the criteria for determining Taeseong’s 4-star rating. Even if it’s the same department, it wouldn’t be my subordinate, right?”
Adam looked at the sky.
“It became the star of the ivory tower and imitated countless human lives. to decipher the law. I’m sorry for your life It is my responsibility.”
“what?”
“everything. we screwed up It’s probably not her fault alone. I should have stopped it.”
“Uorin?”
Adam didn’t answer.
“The end is coming. Only my brain can calculate the law. We will undo what has gone wrong.”
“Don’t talk nonsense. Because I have no intention of doing it that way. kill That is my atonement.”
“It’s too early, my daughter.”
Adam, who floated into the sky, was enveloped in a smoke of light.
“Death is not the only atonement. Existence is subject to necessity, and the day will come when you will realize your use.”
If Adam could truly calculate the law, it was a word that could not be passed down.
“Where are you going?”
Adam looked across the sky.
“To Eve.”
Watching a single flash fly away, Minerva leaned over and fell to the side.
“Kuh! Kut!”
Crawling and grabbing the smoking pipe, she lay down and took a sip.
“Whoa.”
Gray clouds were like the faces of his subordinates.
“sorry. Can I live a little longer?”
At that moment, as if by magic, the blizzard lifted and the sunlight shone on the snowy mountains.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1196.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Omega 999(2)
Underground facilities of the temple.
Uorin was on the verge of a nervous breakdown as she walked while listening to the disturbing noises in the engine room.
‘I can’t see it.’
The vibrations of the timeline were so loud and fast that I couldn’t hold the standard anymore.
‘Where should I go?’
Sirone is suppressing Havitz’s assassination game with Elikia, but the variable remains.
‘If I could use it, I would have continued. They say that there is a delay in the ability to break vanishing.’
maybe once an hour.
Above all, there is no way that Lone, who develops simultaneous events, can only keep Habitz in check.
‘If a crisis strikes someone else elsewhere, Sirone will use this ability.’
because it is Yahweh
In this situation, if a foreign country had to target someone, it was definitely the empress of Kashan.
‘All kingdoms are targeting me.’
Why not?
Fengzhang was annihilated, and even Jiandao died.
Has there ever been a time in the history of Kashan where an empress was as defenseless as she is now?
‘This is my end?’
Worried about it, Uorin put her hand on the wall.
“Huh. Huh.”
My chest felt stuffy as if I had a stomach ache, and extreme dizziness occurred due to the lack of blood flow.
Kido supported her.
“are you okay? i’ll carry it you get some rest.”
“haha.”
Laughter broke out.
“Isn’t that really absurd? The only thing left for the Empress of Kashan is a pet goblin.”
Kido wasn’t angry.
“Let’s escape the temple. You have to run away while the guards guard your station. If it turns out that the empress on earth is a fake, then there will be no escape.”
“no.”
“Why are you so stubborn? you are smart Kashan or something, there will be a later date if you have to live.”
“I can’t.”
Uorin gritted his teeth.
“Anything like an empire can be handed over. But I have to be the Empress of Kashan to the end.”
“why?”
“Otherwise, it would be nothing to Sirone.”
Kido kept his mouth shut.
“If I had no voice in the holy war, no mighty military power, no authority as a queen, what am I? just a woman An ordinary woman who can’t even fight like Amy.” Uorin grabbed Kido by the shoulder.
“Do you know how long I’ve been waiting for Sirone? you don’t know Before mankind even began… … I’ve been waiting for Sirone! But why! Why should I give up!”
“okay. calm down.”
“Never give up! There must be some way. Just a little longer, just a little longer… …
She was a Gaiaman who became a mere primitive man, longing only for passionate love.
but… … .
‘I can’t fight.’
Throughout history, adopting only the best genes has made it impossible to become Amy.
Sironedo, Riando, Kuando, Gaolddo, Mirodo… … any strong person.
‘It couldn’t be.’
It must be because something more than life is needed, which cannot be reached only by character.
“I will protect you.”
That was the feeling of defeat I felt for Amy.
“I can’t even lose Kashan.”
“Yeah, got it.”
Kido held the double-edged spear in one hand and moved on, supporting Uorin.
“Let’s do it. Where can I go?”
Just as Uorin was about to activate Future City again, a thick haze began to spread.
“what?”
Before I knew it, an old oriental-style door was standing there and opened with a sad sound.
“Your inquiry.”
Anchal, the director of Jincheon, appeared.
“Future poetry doesn’t work for me who deals with illusions. That’s it, Empress of Kashan.”
The eyes of the unpatched eyes contained a clear blue light.
Uorin clenched her fists.
‘damn.’
Just breaking through the guards on the ground and finding out that the double is fake is super-class.
“I found it, Empress.” Natasha is dangling from a plumbing line, and a masked prosecutor approaches from the darkness below.
It was Lai, the captain of Tormia’s guard.
‘That’s three people.’
Anchal said.
“You wear your own hair, but you are not the only one with hair. give up Kashan is over.”
Kido did not let Uorin answer.
“Hong, do you think people like you will blink at me? Get out if you don’t want to die.”
Of course, I know the strength of the enemy.
‘There is hope. Thirteen minutes remain until the Harvitz assassination game. If you hold out until then… …
Anchal asked.
“Who will go first?”
When Natasha and Rai didn’t answer, she nodded and kicked the ground.
‘The one who caught it is the owner.’
As soon as the battle started, shockwaves exploded everywhere except for Uo Lin.
“A storm.”
As the demon’s eyes shone, hundreds of blades flew towards Kido from the air.
“Big!”
Although the power of penetration was inferior to that of incarnation, the power of application was close to infinite.
‘It’s really tricky.’
Eyesight of mind, Natasha of speed, Rai of skill.
‘Next 10 minutes.’
Minor wounds piled up on Kido’s body, who received three attacks at the same time.
‘Is this the state of a goblin?’
Anchal was amazed.
‘No, it’s already crossed the limits of the species. This is something that is neither human nor goblin.’
Kido’s eyes lit up.
‘Immobility.’
The illusion was destroyed with the enlightenment of the Buddha School, and Natasha’s speed was reduced with the Earthquake Spirit.
Rai penetrated from the rear.
‘I catch it.’
Kido, who let the attack go to the side, opened his eyes and swung his spear while spinning.
‘The control of the source.’
It was the strongest blow that cut between atoms, that is, cut through all matter.
“Kuk!”
The assassins who distanced themselves saw electricity slithering through the air like snakes.
‘If I had stopped without knowing, I would have died.’ Kido, breathing heavily, blocked Uorin’s path.
‘Two more minutes.’
The Anzal approached.
“It is bizarre. No, should I say disgusting?” “Beauty of the great purification period, you are not the truth. It is a monster mixed with all kinds of realizations.”
Her gaze was directed at Uorin.
“Is the Kashan Empress devoid of humanity? What did you feed the beast with?”
‘Everything but my flesh.’
Everything that could be procured with her power was forming Kido’s body.
“So what? What does it matter what I feed my dog? Do you want to feed them too?”
The magic eye of the Anchal flashed.
“I have no shame.”
That’s when smoke rises from all sides and Natasha and Rai finish preparing to maneuver.
Elicia’s light enveloped the temple.
‘What about Harvits?’
Those who had already experienced it confirmed Satan’s position without any particular surprise.
‘… … is it.’
When the temple retreated, the door to the temple opened.
“Leave the temple immediately, Empress. It might be the last chance given to you.”
As if in a dream, the demons disappeared, and Natasha and Lai were engulfed in darkness.
Kido knelt down.
“Whoa, it’ll be fine for a while.”
Killing Wu Lin was against international law because Harvitz’s location was made public.
“Don’t be alarmed. I’ll be right back.”
“Of course you are number one in elimination. But the one who eliminates is eliminated from the Leadership Bureau. You can’t move recklessly.”
As long as there is Elicia.
‘The worst situation is that the majority die without Elicia being invoked.’
In that case, it is impossible to identify the culprit because we do not know who Havitz killed.
‘Thank you, Sirone.’
It wouldn’t be a choice for Uorin, though.
“let’s go. Even if it’s hard, keep your future poetry. I can’t let Anchal step on me like this time.”
“okay.”
Walking through the engine room, Kido looked up at the ceiling.
‘Another death.’ Rest in peace.
10 minutes before Elicia activates.
Zetaro was walking towards the Gustav Sector with his shoulders drooping.
‘Smodo went home first.’ Why Sumodo?
‘Do you want to play with me more? No, I didn’t even care about it from the beginning? why… … ?’
The truth is unknown.
‘I’ll start again soon. Thinking of Harvits means that it is before burnishing is activated. Who will be the next target? Maybe this time I… … Jetaro’s footsteps stopped.
Havitz, whose lips were parted, was walking from the other side of the hallway, speaking to himself.
“Sheesh, I ate one. Are you going to use that strategy? Okay, then, at that moment, our gazes collided.
Unlike Zetaro’s heart beating like it was about to explode, Havits didn’t even pay attention.
“Um, yes. It would be so much fun. The beauty of this game is that you can lose.”
Zetaro realized it from the way he passed by as if he were seeing someone for the first time.
‘Now I’m no fun.’
It was a declaration of severance.
“Has it already been an hour?”
Havitz, who stopped thinking about the wizard, ran down the hallway in a burnishing state.
‘I’ll finish it quickly.’
It was the king’s office in Corona Sector.
“The demon’s power has become too strong. On this road, the Ivory Tower will be destroyed. I need to count quickly… …
Despite the rough opening of the door, the officials inside were busy holding a meeting.
People playing card games, Armin, and the stars of the Ivory Tower gathered together.
Harvits snorted.
“Who am I going to kill?”
Havitz, who had been beaten twice by Elicia, chose a strategy of coming in advance and waiting.
“It is you.”
He waited for the time to come, aiming his sword at the throat of King Woodlai, who was watching the meeting.
‘Four seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds?… ”
At that moment, Woodlai’s silver ■ suddenly grew bigger and kicked off the chair.
“majesty!”
A red orb protruded from his pocket, split in two and rolled across the floor.
〈The Last Cry of the Jaeger Family〉.
There are only a few left now, so no matter how much money you have, you can’t find an objet.
“These are real… …
At the time Habitz ran with his axe’s eye raised, Elikia’s light spread brilliantly.
‘Havitz!’
The stars of the ivory tower, who realized at a speed that exceeded the normal range, twisted their bodies at the same time.
“Kill!”
Before Elicia disappears.
When Armin casts the stop magic, the sea jade spins up and destroys time.
‘complete.’
In the middle of a high-speed battle, Habitz looked back at King Woodlai.
There were already guards protecting them.
lose the game
In front of an unprecedented event in the history of Satan, Havits lost his mind and rushed.
“Stop!”
The stars blocked Woodlai, but what Havitz was aiming for was the prostrate maid.
“Huh billion!”
When the sword was lodged in the maid’s throat, not only the stars but also Shiok stopped fighting.
‘This… … It’s not a game.’
The murder committed to avoid losing the game is proof that Satan is being chased.
The stars were outraged at the meaningless sacrifice.
“Things I wouldn’t even do at third rate… … !”
“What is it?”
Harbitz pulled the knife from the maid’s neck and said.
“It’s not a bad result, is it? If I lose the game, I will commit a massacre from then on.”
Indeed it is.
‘Havitz suggested the game. There is no price for defeat. But why am I obsessed with this game?’
Vanishing was activated again.
“Shall we prove it now?”
Even in the state of missing Havitz, the stars spread the spirit zone with unprecedented mental power.
‘damn! I missed something. Concentrate, at home.’
“red.”
Havitz laughed and moved toward the door, contrary to what he had threatened.
‘I can’t finish the game.’
The rules must be maintained at least until midnight when the ‘Facts and Lies’ game ends.
“Get on a poop rope.”
The moment Havitz opened the door, looking back at the stars, a shock hit his side.
“Gagging!”
After being pushed several meters away, he held up his stomach and raised his painful face.
“Big!”
The stars who came to their senses opened their eyes wide.
“you?”
“sorry. for a moment… …
The Wizard, who entered through the crack in the door, spat out nonchalantly.
“Because I’m playing hide and seek.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1197.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Omega 999 (3)
Gustav Sector.
Balkan saw Zetaro’s expression and realized.
“Looks like you’re already dead.”
Vulcan, who had been beaten to death, was not normal, but Zetaro’s face looked like a corpse.
“What about Natasha?”
“I sent you to catch Uorin. what do you do when you play Anyway, Havitz also leaves our hands
I woke up.”
“You saw me and just passed by.”
If it’s Havitz, that’s enough.
“You are the game maker. Even if you can’t kill the Habits yourself, it’s enough that you linked the Wizard.”
Zetaro sighed and lowered his head when Natasha entered the room.
she stuck out her tongue.
“I missed it.”
“She is not normal either. She won’t be caught easily. She still bullies her.”
“why? It doesn’t matter what the temple looks like. We only need to kill Havitz.”
“That’s right.”
Zetaro raised his head, and Vulcan continued.
“Tag is just a small game. Wizards are strong, of course, but if you ask me to bet, I won’t bet anywhere. It’s 50/50 from a gambler’s point of view.”
It was thin ice.
“But there are no draws in gambling. Split the money you sold, or double it there. But is there a human being who came here to find the money? The plate will grow. Because of Harvitz, the temple will be a mess. So we… … Then the secretary came in.
“Your Majesty, I received a call from the conference room. It is said that there is an emergency convening of representatives from each country in 20 minutes.”
“okay.”
Balkan looked back at his friends.
“Did you see it? Other countries know it too. If we continue like this, everything will be ruined.”
As Balkan stood up, Natasha supported him.
“Are you going?”
“Of course I should go. Calm down everyone. Nothing is over yet. When others are tired, it’s time for gamblers. Natasha, you go to Uorin.” His eyes flashed with madness. “At any cost, attend the Great Conference.
don’t let it happen.”
“okay.”
Natasha left the room, and Vulcan, who had changed clothes, put Zeta on his shoulder.
“You haven’t already given up, have you?”
“Vulcan, I… …
“You are a game maker. He is also an excellent game maker. Do you know what the reason is?”
Zetaro raised his head.
“Because your rules are always fair. Make sure you have no excuses even if you lose the game.
That’s why Harvits liked your game.” “You are the one who made a game that even I, a gambler, cannot guess the outcome of. okay? It’s not the Wizard who makes him happy, it’s you.”
Zetaro’s eyes lit up.
‘Havitz.’
Is it just delusion?
Four children from the neighborhood gathered and sang while looking up at the top of the high wall.
Ajavitz? Harvits?.w
Let’s glow.
Harvits glared at Wizard.
“Huh”
The stars of the ivory tower saw the bewilderment in Havitz’s distorted face.
‘What happened?’
Leader Bartok is one of those who watched
The training of the Wizards of the 10 Magicians was one.
‘It destroys the varnish nurtured by Oh Dae-sung. But Satan’s response is
It’s a human weapon, so it’s not strange to ship
Something looked sad.
“Havitz.”
Wizard approached.
“I love you. Do not run away now.”
“joy.”
I can’t believe it.
‘You love me? you’re welcome. It’s a lie. It’s a ploy to kill me.’
Why can’t you resist?
‘What if it’s true?’
The Wizard, who saw the stiffness of the moment, struck Havits beyond the first frame.
“Ouch!”
As Havitz rolled on the floor, the stars of the ivory tower frowned and fell into thought.
‘what? just now… … It was as if all mankind had closed their eyes.
Armin understood.
‘Extreme space-time ability. If Harvits doesn’t have a specific time, that kid clears the space.’
They were the same, but they were two completely different people.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
Harvits, who was bleeding from his nose and mouth, glared at the wizard and asked.
“You love me?”
“is it so.”
Harvits’s lips parted.
“good.”
A shadow of Shi-ok appeared, but the next moment the two of them evaporated from the room.
“… … Did you leave?”
Even the stars of the ivory tower could not interfere with what was happening outside the law.
“Yes, maybe.”
Armin pointed to the rattling door.
“Into the void of time and space.”
Harvits is not fast.
However, motions that pass 0.666 seconds of every second are not recorded in the law.
‘Where are you chasing me?’
It wasn’t the concept of fast or slow.
“Keugh!”
At that moment, the wizard transcended one frame and struck Havitz in the side.
“Are you going to keep running away?”
He wanted to break his neck, but strong hostility would destroy the rule.
“Quack.”
Harvits laughed.
“Isn’t that too harsh? Honestly, now I have doubts? whether you love me.”
whatever.
“i love you. As long as you don’t break your fingers, that’s true.”
It was such a rule.
“Okay, then… …
Havitz, who had narrowed the distance through Siok, collapsed on the floor hugging Wizard.
The vicious Wizard clenched his fists, but could not bear to counterattack.
‘no.’
If I attack Havitz here, I might be lying about loving him.
‘No, I didn’t break my finger, so it’s okay. Harvits will believe until the end.’
Is it really so?
I wasn’t sure. If it was not properly predicted, Satan, who had worked so hard to trap it in the system, would escape again.
‘How much does Habitz love me?’
I can not know.
In the end, their win rate is 50/50 in that they don’t know each other.
Harvits stood up.
“Okay, loving me is a ‘fact’.”
With this, I had to allow the Wizard a stronger lynch, but I had no choice but to believe it.
The face of Havitz, who was stepping back, was a little depressed and a little embarrassed.
‘What do I want to do with this child? Something inside of me was definitely filled… …
I felt a greater lack than that.
“Come anytime.”
As Havitz left his words and ran to the end of the hallway, the wizard bit his lip.
I tried to hold back the tears that were about to burst out and reviewed the situation.
‘I couldn’t fight back.’
Thanks to this, he gained trust, but the intensity of the meeting would increase as the encounter continued.
Equivalent exchange of affection and violence.
‘ until when… …
maybe forever
Because we cannot know the truth of others.
“What is the truth?” Taesung said.
“Sing, the truth is the truth. It is the truth that I have protected humanity up until now. You must trust me.”
“shut up.”
Singh did not waver even as the armies of Hell razed the Ivory Tower to the ground.
“Asmodians are coming up, Thing. This is your last chance. If I die, Jisung will die too.”
“No, rather the opposite. You are preventing the human intellect from moving into a wider field.”
barriers to the outside world.
“Don’t be stuffy. There are some things you don’t have to prove. Until now, all mankind has loved each other, and it has borne fruit. Do you even deny that?”
“okay.”
Singh wringed out his soul and protested.
“Feeling that physical relationships are beautiful is also just a system created by managers. No matter how much flesh is mixed, no matter how much bodily fluids are exchanged, the truth cannot be known.”
“What is so important? You’ve lived without any problems for that long.”
“It is different now. Because the fate of mankind depends on it. Convince me if you want to live. prove it.”
“You have mental magic. Humans can directly check the minds of others.”
“It is also a system. Drimo and the other world are all controlled by the administrator. There is no way to directly confirm that it is the heart. So, logically, I am the only one who has a mind in this world.”
“It’s not convincing.”
“But I can’t even argue. that’s the problem If there is no contradiction, someone has to protect it. At least in the last moments of humanity, in Omega 999.”
“How on earth are you asking me to prove it? There is no way you can show your heart directly!”
“That’s why I can’t believe it. Nobody knows the truth about other people. It’s better to trust myself than to trust the manager of the outside world. All of us humans.”
Even as I said that, doubts arose.
‘Is this really right?’
Even she, who had the strongest penetrating power of mankind, was on the verge of cracking in her heart.
she gritted her teeth.
‘Let’s not shake. you believe in me Unless you can share your heart, I’m your ex.’
“My heart… … You share?”
Johann’s expression went blank.
“yes. It’s called small world creation. You can connect with everything in the world. The mind is united and a new realm is opened.”
“Anything like a rock?”
The fire tribes laughed.
“I told you, you can assimilate with everything in the world. Grass, trees, wind, earth, birds or squirrels. Of course, there are things that are good at assimilation for each lineage.”
“How does the ground feel?”
“Um, what can I say? Feeling absolutely safe? The feeling of being protected at no cost.”
The Hwajok closed their eyes.
Watching them raise the corners of their mouths little by little, Yorahhan thought.
‘You share your heart?’ The reason why everyone can’t be considerate is probably because of distrust and fear of each other.
‘But they are different. Because they are connected to each other, there are no misunderstandings or doubts.’
Suddenly, I had this thought.
‘If a person’s heart is hell.’
He said that the fire tribe might be the only hope to bring humans out of the abyss of hell.
“Oh, why are you making that face? Yo Ra-han seems like a very strange person.”
“That’s huge.”
“yes?”
“It may be difficult right now, but the day will come when all humans will welcome you.”
The fire tribe’s cheeks turned red.
“really… … Will it?”
“of course! I’ll bet you. Oh, and can I try a small world creation?”
“Sure. wait a minute.”
At that moment, Armand intervened.
“stop.”
“Why, why?”
After three days of living, the language became easier, but dealing with her was still difficult.
“I should have warned you. I won’t let you go if you do nonsense.”
“It’s nothing dangerous.”
“It depends on who you are. If you harbor an evil heart, this child will be hurt.”
“I have no evil heart.”
“I don’t know.”
“So you can experiment.” When he stubbornly shut his mouth, Yo Rahan sighed and stood up.
“Yes, I will give up.”
Armand turned to follow him.
“Where are you going?”
“To my room. I want to write down some of my thoughts today.”
“Not now. Because I have to go to the mountain.” “huh? I?”
“The food is gone. If you go hunting, I can’t keep an eye on you, so of course you have to follow.”
“No, such a law… …
At that moment, the sound of a sharp wind was heard.
“Ahh! what?”
Yorahhan sat down and a long sword flew into Armand’s hand.
“Uh, how did you do it?”
She said, strapping a longsword to her waist.
“Rated control.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1198.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Omega 999 (4)
“Sister, you are really amazing.”
Amid the applause of the fire family, Yora Han was dazed when he saw the new technology of the small world creation.
“Can you do something like that?”
“Arman unnie handles metal the best among the Fire Tribe. That’s called rating adjustment.”
Armand drew his sword and checked the blade.
It trembled with a thud as if the sword were alive.
“let’s go.”
The Hwajok spoke at the time when Jorahhan, who stood up awkwardly, was about to follow Armand.
“be careful. Carnivores also live where Armand unni goes.”
Ecosystems are essential for species to survive.
“But nothing will happen. Armand unnie is really strong. So stick around.”
Johann showed his forearm.
“What are you talking about? I’m pretty strong too.”
The fire family laughed as he chased after Armand, throwing punches that did not make sense.
“You are such a good person. Could it be that you are from the fire family?”
They liked Yorahhan.
“Hey, where are you going? Get some rest.”
After leaving the village and climbing the mountain for an hour, Yorahhan was already exhausted.
“To be weak. You said you wandered the world with that kind of stamina?”
Of course, I’m confident that I can climb the mountain, but Armand’s speed is really fast.
“If you go around like you, no one will follow you.”
“joy.”
Unlike the cold turn, Armand sat down on a rock and handed him a water bottle.
“drink.”
“Ah, thank you.”
While drinking water, Yorahhan looked sideways at Armand.
Contrary to her usual ferocious appearance, she had a pretty smile while appreciating the scenery.
“home! home!”
Armand’s expression disappeared when he heard the sare.
“what’s the matter?”
“No, just. I think you can laugh. I’ve never seen him smile before.”
I could guarantee it because they always stuck together.
“That means you are dangerous to the town. If you realize it, leave now.”
“Why do you hate me? I swear, I have no intention of hurting the fire tribe.”
“Because I am human.”
Armand said.
“The humans I’ve met so far weren’t evil from the beginning. Most of the cases like you approached with good intentions. But it changes over time. As if you’re tired of pretending to be nice.”
Johann couldn’t deny it.
“Why do you hate humans? It’s because I resemble a human. Excluding carnivores, fire people get their energy from the sun. An infinite resource that no one needs to have or share. But you and I are different. If we eat something, some other creature has to starve.”
Irman added.
“It’s not that I hate you. You don’t believe in the malevolent ego of the carnivore. No matter what you think, in the end you will want us too.”
“sorry.”
said Johann.
“Yes, you are right. Humans are such a species. To be honest, my heart skipped a beat when I saw you a little while ago.”
Armand didn’t react.
“But I will never do anything to hurt you. Because I know what is right and I will act. I think human hope is there.” Good and evil don’t matter.
It only matters that we can choose.
“So, can’t you just read my heart, my sincerity, just once? I want to show you.”
“no.”
“why? If you want to know what a bad guy I am, you have to know about me first.”
“It’s not like that… …
Armand pursed his lips, slightly embarrassed.
“I have never been assimilated with a human.”
“huh’?”
“At first I tried it on animals. It was terrible. What I have to eat and how I have to resonate.”
“ah??????
“They keep telling me to read my mind, but Sose Gyechangyu is not like that. to really become one. Fire tribes with passivity are rather fine. I am willing to accept whatever comes to my mind. but i’m different When the human ego infiltrates me… …
her body trembled
“It is disgusting. To have to take into heart the desires of someone you don’t even like.”
I thought I knew what it would feel like.
“Do not misunderstand. It doesn’t mean I hate you. But to be honest, I don’t want to be connected.”
Thinking it was cold made him feel sick, but he fully understood Armand’s feelings.
“I thought it was too easy. Creating a small world for you will require more courage than a human dedicating everything to someone else. Sorry.”
Armand’s eyes showed emotion for the first time, but he soon corrected his expression and stood up.
“Let’s go. We must finish the hunt before nightfall.”
Then the bush swayed.
As Armand and Jorahhan turned around at the same time, a pack of wolves was narrowing the encirclement.
” Shh.”
Armand pulled out his longsword.
‘The scent of the fire tribe does not call for beasts. It’s because of Yorahhan.’
He can’t be blamed for bringing it.
“Back off slowly. I will stop you.”
It was the chieftain’s condition that he should not kill what he did not eat, but the situation was different now.
‘The fire tribe helps humans.’
When the two beliefs collided, a pack of wolves rushed at them with tongues sticking out.
“run!”
To give Jorahhan time to escape, she burrowed into the pack of wolves.
‘Is this a beast?’
Even though Armand was a carnivore, he eventually gave up on the belligerence of plants and wolves.
‘I can’t do it in moderation.’
After completing her resolve, her life was cut short every time she swung her sword while spinning.
“Whoa. Whoa.”
Looking at the scene of the forest littered with corpses of wolves, Armand felt miserable.
“damn! Because of him… … !” iced coffee!
I heard Yorahhan’s screams.
Through the small world window, his steps running toward the cliff were transmitted.
“this!”
When they arrived, Yorahhan was surrounded by wolves and was driven to the edge of a cliff.
Wow!
As soon as he fell under the threat of the wolf, Armand threw himself.
‘Below the cliff is the rapids.’
Rather, it was the rock protruding in the middle that was the problem.
‘Small world creation.’
Armand, who grabbed the vine that flew like a whip, reached out his hand as he fell.
“catch!”
Yorahhan reached out his hand, but the distance was too far.
‘I will die at this rate.’
Hitting a rock wall would have killed you instantly.
‘ Human… …
With an almost unconscious manifestation, Armand used the Small World Creation on Jorahhan.
“Huh!”
Her face brightened.
‘You bastard!’
When are you confident?
Unknowingly, thoughts about her rushed like waves.
‘This is why I hate it. Why should I be humiliated like this? Confidently on such a subject… …
At that moment, I began to see something that was at the center of Yorahhan’s desire.
‘Patience, faith, consideration.’
All the effort he had to endure so far to protect the feelings of others.
“ah.”
She felt it for the first time.
‘This is how it feels.’
to be loved.
When you think of the other person first, desire breaks the cloudy shell and reveals the beautiful truth.
‘I’m not hurt.’
As long as he does his best to protect Armand.
‘Jorahhan.’
she gave her heart
‘Accept me.’
Jorahhan could not describe in words the feeling of becoming one with Armand.
‘It’s like this.’
It was a unity that transcended domination and subjugation, never felt among humans.
‘The perfect one.’
Yorahhan’s body moved on its own to avoid the rocks, but the rapids could not do anything about it.
“Ugh]’!”
As soon as he fell into the water, the small world window broke, and Armand left the vine and jumped down.
“Yorahan!”
Her body sank into the water without even foaming.
Ten years have passed in Gaold’s world while Sirone’s dream is in progress.
In a compromised world, daily life was monotonous and there was very little data to process.
“Congratulations, Gaold.”
Except for today.
“To get such a young bride. Well, this is also an ability. Eat lots of good things. chuckle!”
Gaulde, who entered the waiting room while receiving congratulations from people, stood in front of the mirror.
A skinny old man in his 60s was standing there.
“are you okay? What’s wrong with your expression?”
Kang Nan came over and touched his clothes.
“Relax. It is the day your dreams come true.”
“my dream.”
“know. It’s kind of weird. But in reality, you gave everything for Miro. There is no terrible pain here, no war. Isn’t that what happened?”
“Terrible pain.”
Oh, it was.
I suffered every moment in pain that could not be avoided or died.
“Come on, let’s go see the bride. Have a little laugh! Because no one is saying anything to you.”
When the groom arrived at the bride’s waiting room, the people inside moved away.
“Go in.”
Gaold pushed closer to the door, as if there were no walls, and knocked softly.
“Yes, come in.”
What future awaits?
When I opened the door and entered the waiting room
Is……?
“mister.”
All of Gaold was waiting.
Miro dressed as a bride is so beautiful, I wish time would stop right now.
“what? why do you look like that Am I weird?”
I waited for decades until I became an adult, but on the other hand, it seemed like it was yesterday.
“you?… ”
Gaold laughed bitterly.
“It seems to be getting younger and younger.” Weren’t we, magic school alumni in real life?
“haha.”
Understanding the meaning of the words, Miro approached Gaold.
“what’s the matter? It’s still cool. And at a wedding, the bride is the main character. It’s fine if I’m pretty.”
It was really pretty.
“Ho Ho! Are your eyes full of lust? I’ll see you today though.”
“… … Won’t you regret it?”
Miro asked again with a friendly smile.
“why? Do you think you will regret it?”
“no.”
Regret in the face of this moment is impossible for humans.
“Then I have no regrets. Because I Love You.”
It was true.
In case there is no more reality left to protect the labyrinth of the polar line.
“It’s a ceremony soon. see you later.”
When Gaold nodded and left the waiting room, Arius, who had become an old dog, greeted him.
Seeing Gaold’s expression, Sein asked.
“What are you thinking?”
They weren’t close friends here either, but his keen eye couldn’t be fooled.
“what? I have no idea.”
“You, just in case… …
Gaold shook his head and stood up.
“don’t worry.”
Sane watched for a long time as Gaold walked away after tapping his shoulder a couple of times.
With the exception of Sirone, the wedding was held in the style of Tormia with the guests gathered.
“The groom’s position.”
The applause and whistles did not stop until Gaold walked to the podium.
“Then let’s call today’s main event, the bride.”
When Miro, wearing a veil, appeared holding Se-in’s hand, the guests were excited.
“You are the best bride.”
‘mister.’
Miro slowly raised his gaze and saw Gaold with a big smile in his eyes.
The guests burst into laughter.
“ha ha ha! The bridegroom is so good that he is dying!”
But soon tears welled up in Gaold’s eyes and his face contorted into tears.
“Big!”
The wedding hall shook violently, and countless pupils began to rush into the ceiling.
Gaold gritted his teeth and headed forward.
“It’s a maze.”
I had a dream.
bright and beautiful dreams.
“Let’s go back.”
Miro took off her veil.
“You have to protect the world. I won’t compromise, because I can tolerate it any longer… …
Gaold’s hair turned white.
“Let’s go back.”
To our lives where every moment is pain.
When the will to serve someone transcends desire, the mind loses its limits.
“Gaold.”
Miro called him for the first time.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1199.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Living⑴
Apocalypse.
Sirone bit her lip as she raced through the buildings of a future city where the law had triumphed.
‘There’s nowhere to hide.’
Only an android called Jet remained in the city without even a particle of dust.
I heard the jet’s mechanical sound.
“Color immediately. color immediately.”
Sirone, who flew into the sky avoiding countless bullets, looked at the ground and opened her eyes wide.
‘damn.’
In the vast city, jets swarmed as if only Sirone’s feet were painted silver.
‘Where does it all come from?’ When the jets raised by the power of the magnetic field made a sign, all jets output the same Sanskrit words.
“Extinction. Immortality.”
Uncountable bullets from the ground hit Sirone in the form of a net.
“Sheesh!”
A roar erupted, and Sirone, defending herself with the Miracle Stream, landed on the roof of the building.
‘ why?’
Questions I Ask Everytime I Explore the City
O
‘What am I missing?’
A future in which the law won means that the fairies still won in the tribal war.
‘That’s why I sent the 12 apostles to the elves. However, the result does not shake…
It must have been a variable outside Sirone’s cognition, that is, a variable in the outside world.
“Remove the afflictions. Get rid of the defilements.”
Jets cling to the wall like spiders
My hair stood on end as I climbed the building.
‘Winning here won’t change anything. Until when… …
Then a mechanical sound was heard.
“You lost middle school student.”
Jet 1 was sitting cross-legged.
‘Which break?’
As Beomeo floated on the screen of his face, the jets of the sky scattered in all directions as if he had lost an eye.
When Sirone, who had been watching the scene blankly, lowered her eyes again, the entrance to the floor was open.
“If you are looking for the other side of the world, please follow me.”
Feeling the vibration of the jets traveling along the wall, Sirone threw herself into the black entrance.
Numerous pupils began to infiltrate the ceiling of Gaold and Miro’s wedding hall.
Miro couldn’t take his eyes off Gaold even as he heard the sound of the 1.5 floor collapsing.
‘Gaold.’
The borderline between dream and reality was eroded, and memories overlapping as if none of them were real.
What was clear was that Gaold’s choice now was something beyond desire.
Gaold groaned.
“sick.”
it hurts again
With the limitations of his sense of pain gone, he perceives this world more clearly than anyone else, and the power of magic exerted by that sense is by far the strongest in mankind, but the sharper the sense, the greater the pain.
Is it a curse or a blessing?
Gaold simply says: it’s life
‘Life is pain.’
As the eyes that define Ymir penetrated more than half, the reality was closer than the dream.
‘It’s neither a curse nor a blessing.’
With no death from shock, he had no choice but to commit suicide to escape the pain.
‘Why don’t you want to die?’
I want to hang myself, cut my wrists, or jump off a high cliff right now.
I’d rather have been struck by lightning, if a rock had suddenly rolled and crushed my body, if someone had cut my throat while I was sleeping.
‘Why can’t I die?’
Gaold grinned, knowing that he had more to live for the rest of his life.
‘Because I’m human.’
Maybe something good could happen tomorrow.
That will never happen, but it’s a fact that won’t change even if you wait for decades, but tomorrow, that tomorrow that hasn’t come yet… … .
Hot tears flowed like lava.
‘You don’t know!’
For the first time in my life, no, it’s okay if it’s the last, so I wonder if the day will come when I can laugh with peace of mind.
‘only once.’
I don’t need anything, I’ll give up all of my flesh and blood… … .
‘Only once.’
I want you to feel happy.
‘It’s a maze.’
my idea
‘There is no tomorrow here.’
Pain makes a human being a philosopher, and the destination of his philosophy was the polar line.
‘You are not here.’
perfect order.
If you just close your eyes, everyone is already aware of the rightness, the state of extreme good practice endlessly.
‘If only you could laugh in that world.’
As Gaold gritted his teeth, the stoicism of the great heat hell unfolded.
‘Will I be able to laugh at that time?’
Will rest come to my heart wandering through hell?
“Huh!”
Will tomorrow come to me too, Miro?
As Gaold’s face grew younger, as if reversing time, water began to seep in from all sides.
Louver let out a sigh.
‘Will it end like this?’
The human heart is like a sunflower, so if you see the light of hope somewhere, you have no choice but to go there.
‘Even the slightest doubt cannot leave a human being alone. That’s why existence in the outside world is dangerous. The world must be closed forever.’
Monga shouted.
“Lover! What should I do? At this rate, 1.5 floors could be flooded!”
It was no longer possible to stop it.
“Protect Oh Dae-seong.”
“but… …
Didn’t they evacuate to the 1.5th floor because they couldn’t withstand the water pressure of the second level in the first place?
“It’s the only way for now. Hold on as best you can. Oh Dae-seong should be the one who will at least stay alive until the end.”
It would be good to leave even 0.1 percent hope.
“yes.”
Realizing Louver’s determination, Mong-a quickly left the wedding hall.
“oh my god… …
Looking at the distant sea from the sky, a tidal wave of unfathomable height was pushing towards the city.
“Oh Dae-sung!”
Mong-a, who arrived at the house by the shortest distance, hugged the still-sleeping Sirone.
‘Water pressure is not the problem. Just the shock of the tsunami…
At that moment, an astronomical amount hit the city, and Garold’s party sank into the abyss along with 1.5-floor debris.
Gangnan’s eyes widened.
‘ ah.’
everything is clear
‘I subdued Leviathan in the depth level 2. Then the water surface suddenly rises… …
this is the situation
‘It must have been a dream, everything.’
The nearly 20 years I spent on the 1.5th floor were only fleeting memories when I woke up from my dream.
‘Gaold refused to compromise.’
Gangnando is now a reality, so I don’t want to blame it, but the situation hasn’t changed from a moment ago.
‘What are you going to do? Are you really going to die?’
The pressure they felt now was Ymir’s spirit, so if they couldn’t get a stronger impact, they would be annihilated.
Gaold glared at the darkness of the deep sea.
‘you can do it.’
It was because they overpowered the Tamo organization on the 1.5th floor.
‘I can’t feel the sense of Ymir.’ Because it is too strong.
‘Frustration in the absence of sense pushes him into battle. Perhaps his threshold is as deep as the depth of this sea.’
Therefore, if he couldn’t shock the ground, Ymir wouldn’t even know Gauld’s party was there.
‘Air press.’
The moment he cast the magic, he felt tremendous pain, but he couldn’t hesitate anymore.
Because I gave up on my happy lies.
‘This is where I went.’
Gaold’s eyes widened, and the power of the air press soared without knowing the end.
It was a seesaw game between a human who has reached the height of senses and a giant who is at the height of numbness.
The size of the air press was enormous, but it would be like a needle to Ymir.
The air pressure pounding at super high speed broke through the water pressure and started to go down.
‘shit! Still far away?’
It was so deep that you could feel the frustration, but the will to transcend desire was no less than that.
‘Great!’
It was to the point where it wouldn’t be strange if everyone else suffocated.
‘no. too far. I can’t reach it.’ Gaold.
A voice I had never forgotten even in my dreams lingered in my ears like hallucinations.
‘It’s a maze.’
As if someone had pushed it away, as the mind pierced the extremes of pain, great pain flooded in.
At the point where the blood from the eyes mixes with the sea and the limbs twitch… … .
Took.
Resistance was felt.
‘It’s reached.’
It was a shock to Ymir’s nerves.
Following the scorching heat, the entire sea evaporated, and Gaold’s screams were heard audibly.
“Aaaagh!”
Kneeling on the surface of the seabed and wrapped around his body, he couldn’t even think of the word pain.
“Big!”
The reason I can endure even in hell is because there is tomorrow.
While Louver and Monga were checking Sirone’s condition, Sein, Gangnan, and Arius ran to it.
“are you okay? Wake!”
The moment he saw Gaold’s face, Kang Nan stopped his hand.
The fear came over me, as if I were putting my hand on someone whose skin had been peeled off.
“Look out of the way.”
Miro approached and, before stopping, put his arms around Gaold’s neck and stood him up.
“Aaaaaaa!”
A light came on in Gangnan’s eyes.
“it’s crazy? Knowing what it is like now!”
Either way, Miro pulled Gaold by the neck and tousled his hair with the other hand.
“good job.”
Gauld, who finally came to his senses, shuddered from the pain and slowly raised his head.
Miro said with a grin.
“No matter what, isn’t it best to be hugged by the real thing?”
“Huh!”
Gauld’s eyes, covered in blood, were filled with anger.
‘Right, he was like this.’
How could I not remember that?
‘It’s like a psychopath. Dog shit! under heaven… … !’
Gauld, who slowly lost consciousness and closed his eyes, said with a smile.
“okay.”
I love this woman who made my heart flutter since my school days.
As Gaold’s head collapsed, Miro, who had been watching him, put him down on the floor.
“Anyway, here you are. This is Ymir’s mother’s psychology, the first level of depth.”
Miro stomped on the floor.
“Huh” W?
Then, as if the anger was not resolved, he stepped on it again and again.
“Eight! die, die.”
“It’s useless.”
Arius, who had lived as a dog in his dream, approached him on two legs.
“Mr. Gaold passed the stimulus through the deep sea, the realm of numbness. But this ground is also hard. If you beat me that much, I won’t even send a message.”
“okay? Shall I break it then?”
When Miro activated the incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanyin, Jiang Nan thought she was a little angry.
‘I want to return even a little bit of the pain Gaeuld suffered… …
If so, Kang Nando had no choice but to admit the reality.
Arius continued.
“That is also possible. The realm of numbness has already been broken, so if you dig in, you will reach it. But I don’t think that’s necessary.” There was an undersea volcano beyond the horizon Arius pointed out.
“The moment Mr. Garold’s air press hit the ground, the volcano would have exploded. That heat evaporated the sea.”
“Is that possible?”
“Because the spiritual world is made up of symbols and metaphors. To put it another way, it means that Ymir’s desire is as hot and powerful as that.”
The group kept their mouths shut.
Gangnan was overcome by the desire to blow up the sea just by feeling pain.
“How much did you accumulate? It’s scary to go into a different meaning.”
“haha! Do not worry. Because giants don’t have the ability to reproduce. Of course Mr. Gaold would be madly glad. And Sirone-san… …
Louver walked with Sirone on his back.
“You are sleeping safely. It must mean that information from Seungmong is still coming in.”
Miro nodded.
“I can’t wait forever. Time in reality will flow by quite quickly here.”
Miro carried Gaold on his back.
“Let’s go. To the final gateway, where the incarnation of Ymir is located.”
Sein has arrived.
“I will carry Gaold.”
“are you okay.”
As they walked towards the volcano, Miro looked back.
“I have something to say later.”
Sae-in, who savored the meaning of the words, nodded.
“?… “okay.”
so towards tomorrow.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-12.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Please enable JavaScript
Chapter 12
Shirone let out a heavy breath. Four minutes felt like eternity.
Reina looked amazed.
Since it was not quite a performance, she could not evaluate the pitch, but she had the insight to realize the essence.
Who was he?
‘Why did a child like this become a servant under my family?’
“Seriously?! Shut up, you old hag!”
The emotional atmosphere of the room shattered, and Shirone and Reina turned their heads at the same time.
“If you’re here, just wash your feet and go to sleep! Or even play a nice lullaby to listen to! Why the heck are you being so hysterical!”
Frizzy hair, and half-closed eyes.
Rian, still half asleep, came into the room while scratching his washboard abs.
Then after he locked eyes with Shirone, he tilted his head.
“Huh? What are you doing here?”
“Uh, no. I was…”
If it were to be revealed that Rian and Shirone were friends, it would create problems. But fortunately, Reina took the lead.
“So, do you guys know each other?”
“Shirone? Yeah, he’s my friend.”
“Rian! What are you saying?”
“Hahaha! It’s okay. Although she has a nasty temper, she doesn’t really care about things like this.”
Does she really?
He knew she was pretty open-minded, but there was a high barrier between the aristocrats and the commoners that should’ve been hard to ignore.
“So your name’s Shirone. Don’t worry about it. Any friend of Rian’s, is also my friend. Even though he’s a little pathetic, he still takes responsibility for what he says.”
Shirone wasn’t looking any less suspicious.
From the receiving end, that could have been perceived as rude, but Reina accepted it rather well.
Genuine trust is born from doubts and suspicions.
“But you are one of a kind. Really, how did you think to play like that?”
“What? Shirone was the one who did it? And here I was thinking it was your hysteria acting up again.”
Shirone frowned slightly.
He couldn’t understand how words such as ‘witch’ and ‘hysterical’ were used to call such a pretty and friendly sister.
“Rian, why did you lie to me? Your sister is a kind and nice person.”
“Shirone! Don’t be fooled! This woman is a witch! She might eat you one day!”
Rian’s expression looked really serious, so Shirone could not reply back.
Reina spoke.
“Hoho, I’m sorry. My little brother is extremely immature, but I’m relieved to see that he has a friend like you. Take good care of him for me.”
“Oh, no. I don’t…”
Reina’s eyes sparkled at the sight of Shirone, who lowered his head shyly.
Despite having an abundance of knowledge, Shirone was still an innocent child in regards to emotion. After all, he is still only sixteen years old.
“You’re quite the cutie.”
Rian, who gulped down a cup of water from a table, said while pouring himself another glass.
“If he’s so cute, why don’t you just take him and live together. I would love to have Shirone be part of my family. Muhahaha!”
Shirone was even more embarrassed at Rian’s joke, but what he was feeling didn’t seem so bad either.
Reina realized something from her brother’s words.
“Oho, it looks like you’re close enough to even give your sister away.”
Rian retorted, looking flabbergasted.
“What are you talking about? Of course. Shirone is like a brother to me, but I don’t mind giving a witch like you to just about anyone. Rather, Shirone is worth too much. You’re not worthy of Shirone.”
“Oh, really?”
As soon as she finished talking, Reina jumped high enough to the point where it could easily exceed a person’s height.
While still frozen in surprise, she landed in front of Rian and pulled her brother’s ear.
“OWW! It hurts! It hurts!”
“I went easy on you because you were cute, but it seems like you are trying to walk all over me now.”
“It hurts! I said it hurts!!”
Although she was now a musician, Reina was once a talented swordsman equivalent to Rai.
The strength of her pinch was so great that Rian turned his head with watery eyes.
“Shirone! Run away while you still can! If you get caught by this witch, you’re done for!”
He couldn’t tell if he was joking or not, but one thing was sure, He couldn’t leave Rian like that.
“I’m sorry. I don’t think you meant any harm.”
Reina, who was staring at Shirone and Rian with a grim stare, pulled his ear roughly one last time and let go.
“Ouch!”
“Just know that your friend was the one who saved your life. Tsk tsk tsk, do everyone a favor and learn a thing or two from your friend. Such an immature kid.”
“Tsk, it was only because you held me in a sensitive spot.”
Rian grumbled while rubbing his ear. Then he looked back at Reina again.
“Why the hell did you come home? Weren’t you on vacation?”
“You haven’t heard? The news regarding Rai?”
“When did I ever care?”
“Rai is taking a certified exam this time. That’s why I’m here to pick him up. I left with grandfather, but he said he was going to meet a friend halfway.”
“A certified exam?”
Rian looked shocked.
Of course, his brother was a genius, so he accepted the difference in skill… But how did it reach this extent?
A certified license was the dream of all nobles, regardless if you were a swordsman or mage.
The exam was held once a year, with only a few applicants being allowed to take the test. And out of those few, the ones who obtained official recognition were less than 30.
Of course, there was also the non-certified license.
It was issued by an institution designated by the royal palace, and in Creas, an example of a representative was the Alpheas Magic Academy.
After graduating from the magic academy, you automatically became a non-certified Grade 10 mage. You could then increase your grade by accomplishing various quests through associations or guilds.
“Hmph, he must be happy. Geniuses sure are different. He even shoves me around at home, too.”
Reina ruffled Rian’s hair.
[Translator – Anwen]
[Proofreader – Enigami]
Join our discord for updates on releases! dsc.gg/reapercomics
He was a cute little brother, despite his lack of talent. She just hoped he would not be hurt by this.
“First, I have to go prepare dinner. It’s fresh seafood from the royal palace, so we’ll have to dress and clean those ourselves. It was nice meeting you, Shirone. Don’t forget to say hi the next time we meet.”
Shirone bowed his head, pushing away the sad feeling.
“Yes. Goodbye.”
Although the chance to see Reina again may never come again, one thing was clear…
He would never forget the moment he played the piano with her.
Come and read on our website wuxia worldsite. Thanks
Perhaps that is why Shirone, who was to leave the mansion tomorrow, was able to gather up a lot of courage.
“Rian. Does she… your sister, I mean.”
“Hm?”
“…Does she have a boyfriend?”
As soon as he asked that question, a huge amount of regret washed over him, but there was nothing he could do as the words had already left his mouth.
Rian blinked, then smiled widely, his teeth showing.
“Shirone. Do you—”
“N-NO! Forget what I just said! I was just—”
“HAHAHA! Big sis! Big sis!”
Rian ran out of the room in a flash, he grabbed the railing on the second floor, making Shirone pull him back by the waist.
“Big sister! Shirone asked if you have a boyf—”
“Gosh! Stop it!”
Shirone, who barely managed to cover his mouth, dragged Rian back into the room with all his strength.
“Huh? What am I hearing now? Boyfriend?”
The maids working in the kitchen looked up at the second floor, but Reina just laughed.
“They’re just messing with each other. Alright, all we have to do is steam it. I removed the poison, so please do the rest.”
“Of course, miss.”
When the cooking began in earnest, the maids were back to being absorbed in their work.
However, the attention of the man in charge of the mansion’s affairs did not leave the 2nd floor.
Head butler Louis.
He was a person who rose to the head of the butlers at a young age due to his calculation skills and thorough personality.
That was 5 years ago and he was still in his mid-thirties. He was wearing rimless glasses with a cold expression.
“Shirone, they called him?”
The maids may not be able to remember, but he, the head butler, remembered very clearly.
He was the contract boy brought in by Temuran for the relocation of the Great Library.
‘Why is he with the youngest young master…?’
For him, who decided to devote his life to the prosperity of the Ogent family, it was not a matter that could be simply overlooked.
His glaring eyes turned to a butler near him.
“Tell the deputy butler to come to my room. Now.”
Early morning of the next day.
Shouts rang out.
After hearing that Rai was taking a certified test, Rian increased the intensity of his training.
“HA! HA!”
‘I will definitely catch up.’
The news added fuel to a fire, and Kite became sure as he watched his student’s sword dance.
‘His skills have improved!’
Stamina, vitality, technique, everything.
With that level of skill, he would be able to easily defeat a bandit group near the city.
However, If he were to have a match against someone who learned official swordsmanship, he still had a long way to go.
The problem was Schema!
Rian’s impulsive, wild style was his biggest advantage, but it also acted as his biggest weakness.
‘His swordsmanship is too tactless and honest.’
There were times when he would have to look back with a cold mind, but he was only moving forward.
‘Everyone has their own way. The downside of not having a clear mind becomes nothing compared to that heating power of his. It’s obvious that we have no choice but to continue like this!’
“HA! HA!”
He was wielding a club that was twice as heavy as a longsword with only his physical strength.
Kite couldn’t imagine how much Rian would improve if he were to learn how to activate Schema.
“Stop! 10 minute break!”
Rian came back panting like crazy, but his eyes were on fire.
‘That also happened back then!’
‘…Yes, it happened around a year ago, although it went away quite quickly too.’
This time was different. Rian’s flame did not fade.
“Young master! Young master!”
A butler came running.
Arriving in front of Rian, who was taking a drink of water, the butler spoke before he could catch his breath.
“There’s a big problem. Miss Reina is asking you to come to the mansion immediately!”
“Big sister did? What’s going on? If it’s because of my big brother, I don’t care. He can do whatever he wants.”
“That’s not it, a contract boy named Shirone is on the verge of being executed.”
“What?!”
‘Shirone’s in danger?!’
He was even more taken aback because he was about to see his friend off in a few hours.
“Shirone? Why? What’s going on?”
“Well, the thing is…”
“Hurry up and tell me! What’s going on?!”
“Louis seems to have reported something to the Lord. I don’t know the exact details, but I heard it revolved around a sort of friendship between you two…”
“Damn it!”
Kite asked as he watched Rian hurriedly pick up the dry clothes he placed on a rock.
“What’s the matter? Who is Shirone?”
“He’s a friend. I didn’t go around announcing it because of his commoner status, but Louis must have found out about it and reported it to father.”
Kite remembered a boy he had met briefly in the library a long time ago.
Kite liked the shine in his eyes, but he wasn’t that interested as he was a servant of the family.
‘That’s what happened?’
Rian spoke who was now neatly dressed.
“Master, let’s finish our training for today. I have to see my father. I have to go to the mansion.”
“Unfortunately, you cannot.”
Rian looked at him weird.
“What are you talking about?! My friend is in danger!”
“Did you not say he was a commoner?”
“What does that have to do with anything?! Master, are you that kind of person?! You said it too! Anyone who can converse with a sword can become a friend!”
Kite clicked his tongue.
His student, who did not understand the ways of the world, had gotten someone into trouble.
“What are you going to do when you get there? Are you going to wail and cry like a baby?”
“Master!”
“Rian, anyone can be a friend. But this is a matter between the people directly involved. Bad rumors can affect the position of the Ogent family. They’ll do anything they can in order to ensure those rumors never see the light of day. Your foolishness will not be of any help in this situation.”
“So I should just stay still?! I reached out to Shirone first. I will not give up on him! I am no coward!”
“Hmm…”
Kite stared at his student’s eyes.
‘Such fine eyes. No lies, only passion. And above all, they are pure.’
____
Chapter end

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-120.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[120] Unexpected Guest (5)
“By the way, Sirone… … If you really want to do something on the island, there’s one problem.”
Please enable JavaScript
“huh? What’s the problem?”
“Actually, I prepared for this vacation as a couple trip.”
“A pair trip? So you mean male and female, male and female?”
“huh. My partner is supposed to come this way. I should have said it first. I didn’t know you would say you would investigate the ruins.”
Sirone looked up at the dark ceiling. It’s a pair trip. If so, he was sounding that he should bring a partner too.
“okay. I’ll bring one too.”
Rian looked back at Sirone in surprise. The Sirone he knew was a sukmaek that made her face blush just by looking at her underwear. He thought that finding a partner would be the biggest obstacle and kept quiet, but he broke expectations and easily agreed.
“you… … Are you popular with women?”
“huh? Not like that. But I have someone to go with. Actually, I was thinking about it. If you hadn’t made an offer, I would have asked first.”
Ryan’s eyes lit up. I don’t know what she meant, but didn’t she mean that she had a girl on her mind anyway?
“haha! Wouldn’t the witch in my house be sad if she heard it?”
“Sister Raina? Why is my sister?”
“Cheuk, no. Anyway, I’m dying of curiosity what kind of girl are you Pretty?”
“huh. It’s pretty, it’s pretty… … I don’t know if you will come with me. Maybe you will be rejected all at once.”
“No, you have to bring it unconditionally. Go tomorrow and ask for permission. In the meantime, I’ll go home and get ready.”
Sirone delayed answering. If Rihanna brings a partner, he must bring himself too.
But I wasn’t sure. If you can infer it according to your usual personality, there was a high probability of being kicked out with a very high probability.
These and other worries squeezed Sirone’s heart. But at the same time, I was also excited.
It was my first trip and I was with friends. In addition, I heard that Galliante Island is a famous tourist destination with the charm of a southern country.
Sirone couldn’t sleep until late at night.
new encounter (1)
Sirone broke up with Lian in the noble residence. Since the departure was tomorrow, he had to find a partner today.
I went to her house to ask because it was dark in the geography of this area. The place she finally arrived at was a mansion too beautiful to be said to have been built solely for residential convenience.
‘This is Karmis’ home.’
At school, we talked without being shy, but when I thought I was going home, I was scared. Even the guards at the front gate were looking suspiciously, which made me even more nervous.
“uh… … hello?”
“What are you here for?”
As Sirone approached, the guard’s grip on the sword tightened. It was because he reacted unknowingly. After going through countless difficulties, Sirone’s prayers had grown enough to overwhelm the criminal.
“Do you have Amy?”
The impression of the guard hardened. He had heard rumors that Amy was an object of envy among men her age. However, few people came to her hometown to visit her.
“Excuse me, but who are you?”
“Oh, my name is Sirone. He’s a friend from magic school.”
The guard looked back at his superior as if he couldn’t judge. Then the boss’s face darkened.
Although it is certainly a rare case, it was not particularly unfamiliar to him, who has lived in Karmis’ home for 20 years.
‘Ha, annoying. It’s starting again right after vacation.’
In any case, I had no choice but to report unless the head family gave an order to strictly ban outsiders.
When the superior conveyed the meaning with a chin, the guard personally drove the horse and headed for the mansion.
Sirone waited at the front door anxiously. Meanwhile, the superior glanced sideways at Sirone.
He looked good and had a good personality, but he wouldn’t be able to enter the mansion anyway.
So far, many men have been rejected. There have even been times when a person who was only a distant relative of the royal family went home without ever seeing Amy.
It was unimaginable if it were not for the Karmis family, whose name was known throughout the continent.
After waiting for about 10 minutes, the guard hurriedly returned on horseback. The superior could predict the outcome just by looking at the concerned subordinate’s face.
It is always the gatekeepers who are in trouble at times like this. It was because if an indignant aristocrat even kicked the cheek, he would be beaten without a hitch.
The superior made up words he had no intention of relieving the burden of his subordinates.
“How is it? From what I hear, it sounds like you have urgent business to take care of today.”
“Here, come in.”
“Um, that’s right. You guys are so busy… … huh? what?”
The superior questioned, doubting his ears. The guard making the report was clearly perplexed as this was the first time such a case had occurred.
“that is… … Lady Amy told me to bring her.”
“Oh, I guess you were at home. thank god.”
Sirone let out a sigh of relief. It was because he saw that there was no way for him, a commoner, to enter the mansion if Amy was away.
After a while, a pink carriage arrived at the front door. The guards’ faces turned pale as the benevolent old man stepped out of the wagon with a cane.
It was Adele, the butler of the Karmis family.
Sirone noticed the person who came to meet him and asked the guard.
“Can I go in now?”
“Ah yes! Welcome to the Karmis family!”
The superior hastily raised the example of a soldier. Still, he couldn’t understand the current situation.
Adele, though, allowed entry? No matter what kind of person Sirone was, even if she was a son of a great family, there was no reason for the butler of the Karmis family to meet her.
The only time Adele moves is when there is a big event in the family or when guests from the head of the family visit.
‘Who are you? He said he was the lady’s friend, so he must not be the guest of the household. Is there any event today? No, I’ve never heard of such a thing.’
Adele walked towards Sirone with a cane. He had a mild impression for a house owner in charge of a large mansion.
“Welcome to Karmis Mansion. My name is Adele, the butler.”
“hello. My name is Sirone.”
“okay. It’s a presumptuous statement, but there’s something I need to check before taking you to the mansion.”
“Oh, what is it?”
“Please verify your identity. Are you really Sirone-sama?”
Sirone looked at Adele as if she couldn’t understand.
“My lady said: If it’s sirone, bring it. I am interpreting this word as follows. Only Sirone must be allowed to enter. Therefore, you will have to show me proof that you are Sirone-sama.”
Sirone’s anger was intense. If it’s Sirone, the words to bring it were nothing more than Amy’s grumbling tone, and to add to that, it could be an impersonation, so it was enough to ask her to find out.
How much should I expand on it to even say that I want to prove my identity?
“How do I prove that I am myself? I am Sirone.”
“I can’t be sure of that. I am the butler of the Karmis family. We have the responsibility and authority to clarify the identity of the person entering and exiting the country.”
“If you just take her to Amy… … !”
Sirone stopped talking. Adele’s benevolent face suddenly began to feel scary, and an unknown energy pressed his chest and back. It felt like my organs were about to burst.
“The Karmis family are the best nobles who refuse to compare themselves with other families. Also, I, Adele, as the butler, only follows the head of the household. Now that I am personally serving the lady’s guests, I will have to show sincerity equal to that.”
Sirone realized why Adele was acting crookedly. After all, he meant that he was offended that he had to do what a mediocre butler could do. Even so, the reason why he couldn’t show off his bad mood was because the energy that weighed down his lungs was getting stronger.
‘eww… … It’s finally starting. Pressing.’
The guards felt sympathy for Sirone. Adele, who was known for being picky, often called and pressed her men over even the slightest mistake.
Pressing that disrupts the nervous system by conveying abnormally amplified emotions to the other person.
It did not cause physical pain, but the gradually amplifying stress affected the body, and it was a dangerous technique that could destroy major organs if done properly.
‘Oh, does this mean that it can withstand this too?’
Sirone was nervous, but did not show any significant change. Adele, who was relieved to see her calmly taking out the stress, gradually increased the intensity of the pressing.
Originally, I didn’t want to do it this far, but I thought that it would be a good lesson to surprise the youngster who only trusts his family.
Sirone realized that his heart was beating faster. The main cause was anger. Adele’s hostility was raising Sirone’s anger.
‘Let’s stay calm. If so, it’s just a feeling. As long as you control it, nothing will happen.’
Like a person hanging on to a rock and sinking into the sea, as time passed, the pressure increased and breathing became difficult.
However, Sirone did not struggle and calmly contemplated her feelings.
As the holding time of pressing passed the critical point of death, Adele trembled her lips in disbelief.
Cold sweat was running down his forehead.
‘What is this child?’
To get out of pressing, you need to amplify your emotions with the same intensity.
Karmis’s red eyes could reset the emotion itself, but it was definitely strange that Sirone, who had no memory of herself, remained intact until this time.
‘Patience alone is impossible to explain. Then all that remains is to have complete control over your emotions.’
It was another way to destroy the pressing. But it was easier said than done.
Just as there is a saying that even a flower sings three or three times, any adult will lose his composure and become disorganized if exposed to stress for a long time. But Sirone didn’t see anything like that.
Adele has made some assumptions based on her experience. Either stupid, crazy, or a monk.
No, even among the monks, they had to reach at least the level of Vajrapani.
‘Geumgangseung? does that make sense? Aren’t you a kid not yet twenty?’
Adele didn’t admit it, but Adele got the answer right.
In the realm of infinity, Sirone has gone insane as many times as humans can never handle.
The absolute center awakened in the process.
As long as I held on to that, I could have ignored the technically generated emotions.
Adele released the pressing. I don’t know how I’ve been able to hold on until now, but from now on, I didn’t dare to know.
The boy standing in front of him was clearly the girl’s friend.
When Adele’s face returned to a benevolent expression, Sirone was finally able to exhale.
It is a truly terrifying technique. If I hadn’t entered the state of indestructible diamond, my heart might have exploded.
Adele put her hand on her chest and bowed down.
“Forgive the foolish old man for his rudeness.”
The guards were bewildered. I thought it was strange because there was no change in Sirone’s expression, but the butler suddenly apologized with a humble attitude.
“When you return to the mansion, rebuke my behavior. Any punishment will be sweet. So please, please dispel your anger.”
“Aren’t the people in my family suspicious of me?”
“yes. Extensive interpretation of the instructions and putting Sirone-sama in danger are all my own actions. The head of the household did not place any conditions on bringing Sirone-nim back.”
“Why? Did I do something you didn’t like?”
Adele smiled and shook her head.
“It is rather the opposite. I’ve taken care of Miss Amy since she was born, but this is the first time I’ve ever brought a man into the house. I was curious about what kind of person he really was, so I committed rudeness without even knowing the subject.”
Sirone has lost steam. Doesn’t that mean that everything you’ve done so far has been an act to test yourself?
But it was nothing to be scolded for. If you want to come to the nobleman’s mansion, or even the head family, you must make an appointment in advance.
Having worked for the Ogent family, Sirone knew how heavy Adele’s responsibility was.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1200.txt
=============YYYYY=============
living (2)
Number Seven, who was driving a giant excavator, found a jet barrier blocking the road ahead and increased its speed to maximum speed.
Marsha, holding the stick, shouted.
“it’s crazy?”
“Then do you fight? I have no choice but to break through.”
In the next moment, the excavator’s drill pierced the jet’s barrier.
The c*ckpit shuddered every time the android on the track was crushed like a tin can.
‘The aircraft is so hot. It’s no joke about durability.’
Finally, the view was clear, but a similar number of jets were gathered in the block across.
“Remove the defilements.”
As the bullets flew, Number Seven shouted.
“Emergency escape!”
The moment the mining team was spit into the sky, the excavator exploded and the group flew 10 meters.
” are you okay?”
At Number Seven’s words, Marsha gritted her teeth.
“It’s a good thing.”
“You couldn’t help it. But we are almost there.”
The operator asked, looking at the tallest building in the city 20 meters ahead.
“Are you sure? There is no guarantee that this is the main system.”
The idea that the largest building is the core is also humane.
“I have no other options. I can’t go anywhere now.”
Everywhere glistened with the android’s silver light.
“Where is the entrance anyway?” I couldn’t see the door.
“I will try.”
Lollipop Mark looked at the wall, and Freeman pointed to the back.
“Hey, over there.”
Suddenly, jets were gathering.
“We will stop it.”
While the parakeet mercenary officers rushed in, Lollipop Mark checked the system.
“What code is this? It’s on a different level from the era when Mucus existed.”
It changed from a future ruled by fairies to a future where the God of Law directly intervened.
the operator said.
“You don’t have to completely decipher it. Can’t we just open the entrance by jamming the signal?”
“No, that… …
Before he could finish his words, the heat of the explosion rushed in.
The parakeet mercenary officers were being pushed back by the jet’s shelling.
They are also masters in reality, but they are useless in front of future self-interest.
The lollipop gritted his teeth.
“sorry. I can’t make it on time.”
“There is one way.” When Number Seven took out the Under Coder’s card and said, the operator asked.
“Did you bring any other equipment?”
There was a possibility if it was an engineer who implemented even the data of the excavator ‘Extra’ in Apocalypse.
‘Please, something big and strong… …
I was expecting a high gear boss creature, but Number Seven was not confident.
“Data capacity is not infinite. So I had no choice but to cook.”
“Okay, do it quickly. What?”
Number Seven turned to the operator and said.
“do not be angry.”
The moment I pressed the button, I heard a wind chime from the top of the sky.
“huh’?”
The operator’s eyes widened as she looked up, and at the same time, with a thump, the mechanical device swallowed her body.
The lollipop made a blank expression.
“Mid gear?”
It was a device for charging and preserving the high gear gas.
“Actually, I was going to use it when the atmosphere was good.”
The lock on the mid-gear was unlocked, and the operator’s aircraft exuding a black aura came out with a bewitching gait.
I felt like I had become a woman from a girl.
“It was a good atmosphere.”
It may not have been the romantic atmosphere that Number Seven wanted.
Number Seven scratched his head.
“Sheesh, anyway, you need to adjust the output well. Data can be pulled, but charging is impossible here.”
opportunity once.
“that’s enough.”
Looking at the officers of the parrot mercenary who were now pushed in front of her nose, she kicked the ground and jumped out.
As fast as the wind, mingled with the group of jets, she took out her attitude in black.
heard.
“collapse.”
As the magnetic field spread in the form of a black sphere, all androids in the radius began to gather there.
The mining team instinctively covered their ears, but the sound of the metal impact pierced the bones in their palms and reached their eardrums.
Slowly opening his tightly closed eyes, Number Seven found a huge lump of scrap metal that had been crushed into a sphere.
“operator!”
The operator, who spun beautifully in the air without worrying about it, landed beside him.
“Why are you making such a fuss? Have you forgotten who I am?”
Until Yahweh took it back, High Gear was an undefeated legend.
The operator looked at the building and said.
“Move. I will break it.”
Lollipop backed down.
“Yes, I guess we have no choice but to destroy it. Honestly… …
It was unknown whether it would be possible to hack the main system, but I did not dare to say it.
“I will break it with maximum power.”
Number Seven’s face turned pale as the operator pointed his black field and made a stance to jump out.
If you can’t break it, the aircraft will be destroyed.
“Why don’t you think again?”
“No, mediocre power only wastes output. It has to end with this once.”
While the party watched with a grim expression, the operator increased the output of the lower body.
At that moment, a rectangular line was drawn on the wall of the building, and the doors opened to the left and right.
The engine sound of the operator with both feet together quickly diminished.
Marsha asked.
“what? Why are you open?”
“Isn’t this a trap?”
The operator shook his head.
“no. If a lollipop can’t even open a door, there’s no reason to sell traps.”
Wearing a black robe on her back, she continued speaking as she moved into the darkness inside the door.
“Let’s go believe. We are not alone in this city.”
“ah??????
Marsha looked across the city.
‘It’s already past the time to arrive?’ Come to think of it, Sirone didn’t come
there was.
An emergency conference was held at the temple.
This is because Harvitz’s influence has become strong enough to break the cause of the Crusade.
“It shouldn’t be like this.”
The argument continued as the kings of each country, more precisely, ‘those who could attend’ gathered.
“How long are you going to be suffering? Even though they are weaker than before, the demons are still threatening humanity. It is time to gather our strength by electing a world leader as soon as possible.”
Even when people died, they didn’t blink an eye, but now they realized the seriousness.
‘Circumstances have changed.’
The albino thoughtfully touched his chin.
‘Twenty minutes ago, Harvitz attempted to assassinate the King of Corona. The cause of human peace is meaningless now that the head of state has begun to be hunted in earnest.’
Expecting responsibilities and duties befitting the title from the king is close to collective delusion.
‘I believe that a god who doesn’t exist is good
It’s the same thing.’
said the chairman.
“There will be no disagreement. So, when would be a good time to vote?”
As soon as the detailed schedule was entered, the heads of countries kept their mouths shut.
I wanted to get rid of the vote right away, but no one would admit it if I became a leader in that way.
‘It can’t be too late. in case
An hour later, the idea that he could be the one who was killed by Havitz prevailed.
The time set in this way was 7:00 the next morning, which would have been the minimum authority that the heads of state could yield.
The chairman arranged.
“Then, with the unanimous consent of the nations attending the temple, we will hold a vote at 7:00 a.m. tomorrow morning, ahead of schedule. Working-level staff from each department are requested to announce the adjusted schedule to each country within two hours.”
There was no particular schedule.
At most, the finale, in which artists from all over the world will jointly perform, will be held tonight.
“So it happened. Now nobody knows.”
Rufist nodded at the albino’s words.
“The one who digs through the mud and gets the treasure first wins. Tormia also has a chance.”
“The people gathered here are actually professional gamblers. If you’re not sure, don’t bet. Being the leader of a country is not a chance that can only rise by luck.”
“Bluffing doesn’t work anymore. It will lean toward having a clear hand rather than high odds.”
“Well, even in the early days of the temple, there were quite a few solid cards. Uorin’s Kashan, Moon Kingdom’s Divination, and Kitra’s Astrology X-Three Hach.
However, Uorin could not attend the crusade, the Moon kingdom was destroyed, and Kitra was also separated from the front line.
“Kessia.”
said the albino.
“In this situation, the one who has the most reliable information must be Kessia.”
Where he turned his gaze, King Fermi of Kessia was guarding his seat.
‘I wish I could open the head cap.’ The albino’s eyes narrowed.
‘What do you know, Yolga’s son?’
Fermi checked his watch.
‘It’s 7:00 tomorrow morning. then… … Ymir is faster.
To this day, Fermi’s future remained unchanged.
Ymir, in-depth level 1.
Garold and the others arrived at the maternal psyche where the unconscious at the moment of birth is asleep.
Beneath the realm of numbness was an unfathomable land made from the bodies of 10 billion Gaians.
“Even if there are 10 billion human beings, it is not possible to construct a land of this size. So, the symbol here is… … Arius said.
“It must be his everything.”
It was Ymir’s body, born from the unification of 10 billion Gaians.
The group surveyed the ground.
The land was distorted like a fingerprint, as if melted by lava.
Arms were raised here and there, and faces that looked like reliefs were looking up at the sky.
Arius said.
“It is also different. There are no features that appear in the normal psyche. Things like the castle, the cradle, the climate. It must mean that nothing was contained in Mir’s cognition. You are the strongest since you were born.”
Miro asked.
“Is the air cloudy?”
“yes. Waiting for desire. Gaia’s becoming land means that Ymir has full control over his body. From there, the gas of desire rose and filled this world.”
“The volcano that erupted in the depth level 2 must have exploded in the atmosphere here.”
“yes. A situation in which gas on the first floor is ejected to the second floor. Given Mr. Garold’s power, even that would have been an extremely rare event.”
Arius turned.
“Anyway, the composition of the world is simple. If the land is the body, the air is the emotions, the spirit… …
The Ultima of 10 Billion Gaia.
“It should be there.”
Following Arius, everyone raised their heads.
“oh my god.”
Kang Nan opened his mouth blankly.
There was a huge hole in the center of the sky filled with light.
“black hole.”
Arius nodded at Miro’s words.
“yes. If the light spreading in the sky is the spirit of Gaia, that black hole holds all the light. So that… …
A voice was heard from the front.
“okay. This is the Ultima system you guys are looking for.”
Ymir sat with his chin resting on the spot where everyone lowered their eyes with a surprised look.
“It is the power to change the law.”
In other words, gravity.
It was a measure of how fiercely it existed in the background of the universe.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1201.txt
=============YYYYY=============
living (3)
behind the world.
Yeo Ui-bong of Son Yu-jeong, who had attained enlightenment, made Lete’s body into a honeycomb.
“omg!”
It was at this point that she was about to transmit power to the ground.
‘What’s so fast?’
Just as much as Lethe was surprised by the fact that he couldn’t react, Son Yoo-jung was surprised by himself for breaking through his limits.
‘why?’
Because it’s right.
One truth that anyone can know if you sit in a room alone, close your eyes, and think.
‘This is intelligence.’
If the methodology of evil is easy and complex, the methodology of good is difficult but simple.
When that simplicity is fully accepted as life, the line becomes unshakable.
Also, this is… … .
It was a sanctuary prepared only for good, which evil could never have.
As the incarnation rose from Son Yoo-jung’s body, Lethe raised her head while regenerating one eye.
The incarnation of Jecheondaeseong, shining in golden light, filled the sky of hell.
‘Annoyingly.’
Lethe bent her legs and searched for a way out.
‘If you stay like this, you will miss Yahweh. I have to stop going to Jin Seong-eum.’
Even if it means giving up the system control branch.
‘now!’
The moment Lethe flew away like a bullet, Mortar Singer pulled her into space with Hidden Peace’s ability.
Returning to her original position, she turned around and saw Son Yu-jeong blowing steam.
Lette snorted.
“… … You will regret it.”
“I will not.”
now.
After splitting Lete in two, Yeoui hit the ground and a shock wave swept through the branch’s warehouse.
“president!”
Just as the agent was about to run away, the flames of the earth gushed out and formed a gigantic shape.
“That one?”
Devil or God?
A monster the size of a building was roaring, dripping flames.
“Insignificant creatures dare to disturb the administrator of hell!”
When the heat touches it, the agent opens the distance again.
‘Is this the Mother of Hell, Lethe?’
Lethe raised her head and gnashed her teeth.
‘Yahweh, you won’t be able to fulfill your will just by tying me up.’
At the end of the sky that I could see with my eyes, black clouds began to roll in at breakneck speed.
Perhaps all the monsters in Hell were flying towards Sirone and Lian.
“Yoojung!”
Morta Singer approached with a frightened expression, but Son Yu-jeong, looking up at Lethe, was calm.
” are you okay.”
The incarnation of Jecheon Daeseong pointed a club at Lethe, spouting golden smoke from his mouth.
“Because I can talk now.” No matter what happens right in front of your eyes… … .
“I am right.”
A flash of light containing her ideas penetrated the monster’s stomach.
Ymir Depth Level 1.
Miro held a black orb in his eyes that couldn’t be darker than this.
‘black hole.’
The light flowing along the outer edge of the sphere did not send a signal anywhere.
‘Well, if the sun symbolizes the law… …
Ultima, the limit of the mind, should be called the black sun.
Arius said.
“The fact that light cannot move means that there is no signal. In other words, the law has been completely redeemed.”
Ymir looked up at the sky.
“okay. All materials reveal their own presence in the background of this universe.”
This is the mother’s psychology, so Ymir’s language was the source information that he had from birth.
“How is it expressed?” Ymir rose from his seat.
“weight?”
It’s just a human standard.
“Hardness?”
It wasn’t a perfect definition.
“existence.”
Ymir turned to them.
“How much do you permeate your own existence in time and space? If I had to rank them, I would definitely pick the stars. but… …
As Ymir strained his body, he felt the surrounding scenery crumple.
“There are stronger ones.” perseverance of existence.
I thought that no law could stop Ymir from doing what he wanted to do.
As Ymir took a step, the light from the sky was sucked into the black hole, turning the landscape gray.
“My existence reaches beyond the cosmic veil.”
It was the outside world.
“All doubts have been answered.” Arius said.
“The black hole is a phenomenon that symbolizes the unique spirit of Ymir, which unites the minds of 10 billion people. That landscape itself is Ultima, but to be precise, the Ultima we are looking for will be at the end of the black hole.”
Singularity at infinity of density with no volume at.
“In Mong-ah’s nightmare, Ymir was defined by 10 billion pupils. Why are you afraid of it? This is because Ultima will shatter if gravity collapses even slightly. In other words, the existence of Le is already denied.” Miro said.
“Simply, if you turn away even one eye from him, you mean we can win?”
“yes. It seems that 10 billion Gaians already define Le, but also that this Mir controls 10 billion people. The number of laws that refer to each other. 2. Ymir is the unity of 10 billion and one Ultima.”
Arius turned towards the black sun.
“It’s in there, what we’re looking for.”
“Can you?”
Arius could steal if he understood the target’s mind, but Ymir’s mind was an exception.
“It doesn’t matter if you go in and die, but even then, robbery would be impossible.”
“sun.”
Miro said.
“It’s impossible if you don’t do it.”
Realizing something in her voice, Arius immediately lowered his head.
“All right.”
what to be afraid of
The spirit of the woman named Miro is a perfect work of art.
Although her blood, flesh, and even her heart were stolen by Old, Arius had no regrets about seeing her spirit at the cost of losing his eyes.
‘okay. I have to go in again.’
Like a haenyeo getting back pain on a cloudy day, Arius looked up at the black hole.
“Arius.”
Miro said.
“Come back alive.”
I knew I wasn’t the kind of person to spit out these words without saying goodbye.
Ymir did not move even as Arius, smiling, flew toward the sky.
“I will send you.”
Because his presence, which united 10 billion Gaians, will not be shaken by mere flies.
‘There is no chase.’
Arius was relieved at first, but was terrified about the problems that followed.
‘Inside me… …
What is waiting in the black hole that even pierced Ymir’s mother’s mind?
Gritting his teeth, Arius opened the door to the center of the black hole at an immeasurable distance.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Falling into the deepest place in the universe, Arius felt his mind disintegrate.
‘are you okay. It’s not the body.’
‘Cause it’s just a dream
However, I dared to assert that if I stayed like this for a few more seconds, my ego would be destroyed.
‘Hold on. I’m going to hold on.’
If Ultima’s true identity can be confirmed, the possibility of robbery is much higher.
‘Implant.’
All you have to do is plant a special shock in Ymir’s mother’s mind that longs for sensations.
In the state of being dismantled into the smallest units, Arius had an experience that destroyed common sense.
‘ iced coffee.’
In a state where the existence that makes up the self was blurred, he finally reached a singularity.
At that place… … .
‘ light.’
Being blind, paradoxically, a huge light awaited him that allowed him to see more clearly.
“Aaaaa!”
My soul screamed at the height of exaltation.
Meanwhile, Miro and the others who sent Arius away were confronting Ymir.
“okay.”
Ymir has arrived.
“You guys are probably the first to reach level 1 in depth. No, not you.”
His gaze turned to Gaold, who was sitting on Miro’s back.
“Hey, what is it? Did you just lose consciousness that much?”
The group faced reality.
Gaold had broken through the realm of numbness and opened the first level of depth, but from Ymir’s point of view, he hadn’t even started yet.
“joy.”
Miro, who had put Gaold on the ground, moved towards this Mir.
“I pretend to be proud, but not being able to feel pain is not bragging. You’re just strong since you were born. But autumn is different. You came all the way here in a human body.”
After thinking for a moment, Ymir asked.
“What difference does it make? After all, strong is strong, right?”
“So I will teach you.” When the incarnation of Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin was born, Lou Ver and Mong-a took Sirone and went out of the radius.
“We protect Oh Dae-seong.”
“yes.”
It was only natural that Sirone was the one who needed Ultima.
As Kang-Nan and Se-In posed behind the maze, Ymir raised one eyebrow.
“Only you guys?”
The polar line, the wolf of the south, the best mental magician of the black line｝.
But Gaold was the only one who gave Ymir a sense of life.
“Pick it up.”
As Ymir’s fist shot upward, the gas of aspiration that filled the atmosphere exploded, releasing a light as powerful as the sun.
Literally, with one gesture from Ymir
It was the situation in which the sun was born.
“Wait, until he wakes up. I feel like I’ll just throw away my appetite while dealing with you guys.”
Sein had no choice but to admit it.
‘This is Ymir’s spiritual world. Here, his ego is like a god.’
The fall that penetrated Ymir’s mind was rather out of common sense.
Ymir sat down and rested his chin.
“What are you doing? Everyone sit down. There’s nothing to do anyway. You won’t even be able to fight, are you going to just have a snow fight?” It was a good proposal for the party, but the feeling of accepting it was different.
‘damn! I’m looking at you funny.’
Miro looked back and asked.
“How about Gaold?”
Kang Nan, who looked at the situation, shook his head.
“I don’t think I will wake up right away.”
“okay?”
Miro nodded and walked towards Ymir.
“I’m glad.”
“huh?”
The moment Ymir’s eyebrows twitched while resting on his chin, the incarnation of the Thousand Arms Guanyin opened his arms.
Time was compressed to infinity, and Ymir, who sensed danger, jumped to his feet.
Considering that Gangnan’s eyelids were not even moving, it was a tremendous speed, but… … .
‘Bastard.’
The maze was faster.
The world shook as the Thousand Arms Guanshi Yin’s jangbeop pounded Ymir from side to side.
‘Eat this.’
Lastly, Ymir, who was hit on the right side, bounced away from the ground.
Kang Nan and Sein’s mouths opened.
‘I was shocked.’
When I raised my head, I saw the face of Thousand-Handed Guanyin, frowning like a goblin.
“anger??????
Just when he was thinking about whether it was possible for Geukseon, Miro moved to Ymir.
“Listen smart. If you make Gaold’s eyes shed bloody tears one more time… …
Ack”
She spat as Ymir, who offset the shock, blinked between her arms.
“Then it’s a polar line, and I’m going to tear you apart.”
‘ I see.’
Sein understood.
‘The labyrinth is not Yahweh. Not even someone’s death can disturb her perfect spirit.’
But Gaold is different.
If you are given something that transcends death, Miro has no choice but to respond to it.
And the intensity of that anger… … .
“Come on. You should be more fit.”
The lid of her head was completely open.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1202.txt
=============YYYYY=============
living (4)
behind the world.
Si Lone and Lian, who were running to save Jin Seong-eum, looked back at the hot wind blowing from behind.
“That’s amazing.”
A huge haze shimmered above the horizon where the chemical company’s system control branch was located.
“As long as Son Yoo-jung has attained enlightenment, Le Te will not be easy either. We need to keep as much distance as possible between them.”
Lian had the same idea, but seeing the demons infested in front, it didn’t seem easy.
‘It keeps getting stronger. Is this okay?’
Even if you saved the true voice, if the psychic realm was opened, all the demons in hell would come out to reality.
“Let’s do what we can.”
After reading Lian’s thoughts, Sirone spoke.
“Because I’m fed up with someone embracing everything and sacrificing it now.” Ryan was lost in thought.
‘Sirone, I’m not good in the head. So I can’t explain it exactly, but there is a contradiction in your words.’
It is because it is Sirone who tries to sacrifice even the true voice.
‘If you’re thinking of ending it with one… …
Lian rushed.
‘I won’t let you do that!’
As he clenched his teeth and swung the sword, there was a roar that made his heart stop, and the flesh of the demon raced around.
“Stop! Don’t let me go forward!”
The demons made themselves meat shields.
Feeling puzzled, Sirone saw the black clouds that began to cover the sky and felt it.
‘Black Victory. They’re not going to let go easily.’
The first number could be estimated only by the size of the area, and counting the second digits was meaningless.
“Lian!”
At the same time as warning, Miracle Stream was activated.
– Arrest the guilty.
The moment the light exploded from Sirone’s body, an unrealistic black cloud descended and covered the ground.
“mom. mom.”
When Etella came to her senses, a landscape she had never seen before was unfolding.
There was a long tunnel like an intestine, and a rotten liquid was collected here and there in the corners.
I felt a burning pain in my ear.
“mom. mom.”
The fetus, whose face had half melted, was biting her ear.
Ethella lowered her head and saw numerous fetuses clinging to her body.
“Why did you abandon me?”
The voices echoing in the tunnel couldn’t be identified as belonging to anyone, but in reality it didn’t matter.
“sorry.”
All the lives in this tunnel were her children, and she had already made up her mind.
“let’s go. Follow me.”
Perhaps this is the system’s process of dealing with karma, and what awaits at the end is eternal annihilation.
‘ are you okay.’
It is she who cleanses all limbo
was right, but the only thing that bothered me was…….
‘Chagall.’
The Taegeuk chain has not disappeared yet.
‘I believe I could have been a good person.’
However, too many lives had already died at his hands to bring back.
‘It’s also a step for you. I don’t know how long this journey will be… …
May he also find rest.
Every time Etella went through the tunnel, countless limbos clung to her body.
As the terrible pain passed through Taegeuk’s chain.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Chagall clutched his body and rolled on the floor.
‘ sick.’
It was the pain Ethella felt.
“Damn it!”
Chagall, who rose to his feet in convulsions, sprinted through the corridor again.
‘wait! Just show it to my eyes!’
When the door to the engine room was opened, the flesh brain was floating between the huge cliffs.
“ha! ha!” After confirming that the chains that had escaped from his chest had gone into the center of his brain, he leaped off the cliff, pouring out his rapid-fire sword.
“come out!”
When the dagger was stabbed, the fetus with swollen eyelids could not even open its eyes and opened its mouth.
“Come out!”
As if throwing garbage, Chagall threw the fetus stuck in a dagger down the cliff and swung his arms.
Even as the flesh brain disintegrated, the heart was beating nervously.
‘where are you? Where is it!’
The dagger stuck in the inner wall pierced the opposite wall without much resistance.
With a half-distraught expression, Chagall looked back the way he had come.
‘ doesn’t exist.’
The physical brain that can be seen is just hardware, and Etella has already disappeared into the entire system of the Underworld.
“Why not!”
Chagall, who had been hacking his brain like crazy, flinched at the moment and fell to his knees again.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Through the Taegeuk chain, Etella’s feelings of despair were conveyed.
-The remaining purification time is 87 years, 2,875 circumferences, 3,241 trillion, 120,310,09 hours. I didn’t even ask for a message I didn’t want to hear, but I heard it.
‘Why, why are you doing such a foolish thing? you can talk! All you have to do is threaten to do this, do this! why… … !’ I knew the truth.
The time that has passed, how much Etela has sacrificed.
“ah! ah! ah! ah!”
Seized with self-loathing, Chagall took a dagger and stabbed him in the thigh.
‘I want to destroy the existence of the country.’ No, I want to grind it on a machine.
“die! die!”
In the fate of not being able to die until Karma is purified, Chagall stabbed knives all over his body.
“I mean die!”
Even if blood spurted like a fountain from the shell of the rapid-fire sword, the ego only became clearer.
Suddenly, I had this thought.
It’s not that I can’t die, it’s because I don’t want to die.
“Huh”
I wondered if Etella would dry me up like before if I hurt myself by cutting my body apart.
“Why are you doing this to me… …
According to Taegeuk’s karma, Chagall’s pain also rode a chain and hit Etella’s heart directly.
“mom. mom.”
Unable to suckle, the fetuses that ate their bodies like hungry ghosts were now swollen enough to fill the tunnel.
“??????let’s go.”
Ethella walked in tears.
“I will save you guys.”
Chagall shouted.
“F*ck them all!”
Chagall, who pulled out the blade from his body, came out of the hole in his brain.
“You want to get revenge like that? Do you think I’ll go easy? No, I’ll chase you! I… … I will surely find you… … !”
I’ll drag you back to hell
‘I will make you stay by my side for the rest of my life!’ Taking a deep breath, Chagall activated the nostalgia of the incident.
‘It doesn’t smell.’
If ethera became a process, it meant that it had disappeared from the other world or existed in all spaces.
‘I can find it.’
Chagall’s sense of smell became acute without knowing the end, and he finally sensed a specific position in the process.
At the same time, the Taegeuk chain stood up stiffly and stretched out to an unknown end.
“Goes.”
Chagall, who threw himself even while bleeding profusely, followed the chain and pierced the wall.
‘I’m going to kill you. As soon as we meet, I will slap you on the cheek. I’ll tease you slowly Until you scream!’
The most terrifying thoughts about Etella filled my head.
-Remaining purification time… … .
His pain was still converted into karma.
The 12 apostles who participated in the tribal battle pushed Uriel from all sides.
As the golden dragon Metyra blocked Uriel’s goon of paradise, the poison dragon Poine rotated and burrowed into her bosom.
With her back kick, the gigantic archangel broke trees and flew away.
When Uriel, who had been pushed away after breaking a rock, calmly regained his balance, Poine smiled.
“I guess times have changed. Daecheon Apostle is out of fashion now.”
Of course, it was a mere provocation, as it was different from the truth.
Thunder Dragon Blitz surveyed the battlefield.
‘Even though we came, the battle between elves and fairies is close. It should be said that Yuriel’s influence is that great.’
Although the 12 apostles have each reached the pinnacle of different attributes, the dragon’s true power comes out when it transforms into its main body.
‘The biggest thing is that I can’t use the breath.’
If all the 12 apostles fight as a main body, no matter how wide the water is, it will be reduced to ruin.
Blitz recalled the order received from the Messiah.
‘What’s more important than winning the war is protecting the elves and the fire tribe from the verge of extinction.’
When they become extinct, the variables that can change the future of Apocalypse completely disappear.
‘We’ve lost a fair number of elves even now. no more. I have to keep it here.’
In the eyes of the 12 apostles, a heroic resolution stood.
Meanwhile, 3 kilometers away from the Green Ocean, there was a temporary barracks for the fairies.
“Crown.”
The Fairy’s executives dragged the two elves into the laboratory with them tied up.
“Let go! What are you thinking about us!”
When a pair of male and female elves entered, Crown turned around.
“Hoo?”
“You’d better kill me! I will bend to torture… … !”
The elf, who had been shouting out loud, screamed the moment he saw the scenery in the room.
Crown put a finger to his mouth.
“pee. Aren’t the kids surprised?”
“you… … What are you doing?”
Creatures inhabiting the Green Ocean were hung on the walls, and all of them had their heads open, exposing their brains.
“huh? What are you doing? just a little… … I looked.”
Crown sat down on a chair at the table.
“Don’t stay like that, come and sit down. From now on, we have to have an in-depth conversation about the future of life.”
Two elves knelt under the table, guided by the fairy’s power.
“The future of life? this is killing It means killing lives!”
Crown was calm.
“Originally, elves were fairies.” “They were limbs like us, so they obeyed me. Then they combined with humans and became the current species.”
“What do you want to say?”
“No, it’s a bit strange. Reproduction is impossible unless it is accompanied by a mechanical mechanism.”
“Don’t think of us the same as other animals. Elves are a race born out of pure love.”
“I know. You say Agape? Virgin conception, the creation of life without mechanical mechanisms, was originally the privilege of Kariel, who is among the great angels. I’ve been thinking What is it? How can I be like that too?”
At the end of the silence, the words continued.
“I didn’t know.”
Seeing Crown’s eye smile, the elves became uneasy.
“In my opinion, the concept of life before living things. There seems to be a special inertia that is invisible to the naked eye. Otherwise, such a tragic mechanism of creating posterity and annihilating itself cannot be explained.”
He saw the key to a special inertia as agape.
“Free us.”
The elf tightened his eyes and said, but with an honest heart, he wanted to kill him.
The crown flew over the table.
“I deny the mechanism.”
Then he went up to the bear hanging on the wall and put his little hand into his huge brain.
The bear rolled its eyes and twitched.
“If I transplant my brain into this beast, I become a creature called a bear. It will breed into numerous bears. Then, when it ages, you can switch to another creature. Whether tiger or eagle, the human crown smiled madly.
“Elf or not.”
“Aaaaa! Aaaaa!”
While tied up, the two elves sobbed.
“Enox. If I board the body of the head of the elves, I won’t need agape. But before that, we need quite a bit of data.” Crown turned to the elves.
“You guys will be the first step in my experiment.”
It was also the first step of Fairy Biomimetics, which dominated the future of Apocalypse.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1203.txt
=============YYYYY=============
mind and error (1)
Syrone, who took control of the Johann Cartel in Corcoras in Melkidu, contacted the dark organization under the guidance of the leader Aria.
When a ship suddenly appeared in a place where all compartments were separated, the party was inevitably surprised.
‘It’s a system.’
The fact that the buyout program is one of the standard ways to get to the core is a little more bolstered.
Of course, the process of welcoming this vessel was not smooth.
Desperado and Red Union gangs attacked them, but any weapon was useless in front of Sirone’s force.
At the armistice talks, the heads of each organization accepted Sirone’s proposal.
“You are leaving?”
Unless Sirone was going to take control of Corcoras, it was best to give them what they wanted and send them away quickly.
“Okay, let’s yield this time. But if you set foot here again, either you or I will disappear.”
Of course, it would be the gang that disappeared, but their militancy was also proven through the Johann Cartel.
“This way.”
The ship was loaded with firearms that could not be obtained in reality.
“120 million points.”
When the captain suggested it, Arya readily agreed.
Sirone saw that if she put her mind to it, she could collect 10 billion points into the core.
‘The reason Arya is protecting Corcoras is probably for the sake of the Johann Cartel in reality. To make it easier for real criminals to hide here.’
Even if you don’t make a case
All he had to do was hide in Corcoras.
‘Evil permeates everywhere.’ For Sirone, who was on a mission to save humanity, it was something that could not be overlooked.
“Move.”
As the gang began moving their weapons at Aria’s direction, the captain pointed at Sirone and the others.
“What is that pyramid? It’s a face I haven’t seen before.”
Arya said reluctantly.
“I know the buyout program. He said he wanted to meet you.”
“Hoo?”
Even if you got a hint from the inside track, you need the approval of the 3 gangs to make contact with the dark organization.
“Awesome. Are there enough points?” After all, the captain is also the manager. I couldn’t shake it with anything other than points and dice.
“yes. A friend is imprisoned in a prison in Parme, the capital. They say that if you meet that person, you will be able to do it.”
The captain lit the smoking pipe.
“… … I can give you a kite. But Parmerani is a bit like that. The captain of the guard there is no ordinary bet.”
When Sirone was silent, the captain pointed to the cargo hold.
“I can’t get in normally. There are many empty boxes, so hide there. The cost of stowaway is 10 million points.”
’10 million?’
It was much more expensive than items entering the royal road.
If it were another user, he would be willing to pay as there was no need to ‘convince’, but Sirone had no particular merit.
‘Mr. Curtis said at least fifty million. He didn’t research the buyout program perfectly, so I figured there would be an extra cost, but I might run out of points if I kept going like this.’
The amount currently owned by Sirone and the others was about 100 million points, twice the minimum required.
“It is quite expensive.”
As Sirone said that and turned her head away, Aria sighed and said.
“I will pay.”
When the points were deducted, the captain said as he went up to the navigation room.
“As soon as we unload, we will leave. It’s in a box now. It has to be sealed.”
Before going to the cargo hold, Sirone looked back at Aria.
“thank you.”
“joy! I’m telling you not to come back a second time. With this, my work is done.”
He told me not to come back even if things went wrong later.
‘This is enough to stop it cheaply.’
Thanks to that, I was able to give 10 million points because I was easily supplied with supplies worth 120 million.
“See you next time.”
At Sirone’s greeting, Aria, who was getting off the boat, bit her teeth.
‘A child like a dog. I thought you were a hogu, but you were just a jerk.’
It was the play she hated the most.
When Sirone and the others hid themselves in the box, the sailors closed the lid and nailed it.
“We leave in 10 minutes.”
When the sailors left, Pena made a voice.
“stuffy. Do you really have to do this? It’s enough for the king to go to Ipseong.”
Iruki said.
“This could be some kind of buyout program. Anyway, to meet the dark organization, the captain must be by his side.”
I heard a buzzer and felt the boat bouncing in the waves for a moment.
The next moment, a colorful light began to race in front of Sirone’s eyes.
‘Moving space.’
When the light disappeared, Sirone knew that he had reached his destination and asked the others.
“Has everyone lived?”
“uh. But does it have to stay like this? Can’t we break it down and leave?”
“I don’t know. But since you said stowaway… …
Then the door opened and the workers started unloading.
“Be quiet. If you get caught, it’s the end.” Unlike in Corcoras, the sailors’ voices were clearly tense.
The workers unloaded all the cargo and moved the box that Sirone and the others had hidden on a cart to a remote location in the port. The man who pulled out the nail knocked on the box twice.
“tomorrow morning.”
Leaving behind a password, Sirone and the others slowly opened the lid.
Nade grumbled.
“Oh, I’m going to die. Did you put any fish in it?”
While each of them talked about their short trip, only Pena was silent.
“What’s wrong?”
“here… … Is it Parme?”
Excluding Rookie, the capital was the most visited place by players circling Melkidu, and she also stayed often for various reasons, but the port was the first time.
“No, I didn’t even know there was a port. I’ve never heard of it from other players. Are we really on the right track?”
“maybe.”
Sirone came out of the box and said.
“It must be an area that can only be reached by stowaway. In other words, this is the manager’s world. So how far have you been from Parme, Mr. Pena?”
“All. I know the geography of the capital quickly.”
Thinking of something, she turned to Sirone.
“Every space in Melkidoo is blocked by a compartment. know? invisible wall. But only one place is different. It’s the royal castle wall. I thought it was just a background… …
“It means there might be a port behind the castle.”
Sirone looked around. Darkness was thick over the sea, and the lights on several anchored ships were on.
“This must be the middle layer of the system.” Sirone concluded.
“All kinds of supplies needed for Melkidu are moving through this middle layer. If you think so, it seems that you can go to any khan through smuggling.”
Iruki said.
“Hmm, after all, the outer track and the inner track are not separate spaces. The government building in the village, the space inside the door was the inner track. Wouldn’t it be a layer of authority rather than a space?”
Eden said.
“If Mr. Curtis had been locked up in a prison in a city other than the royal castle, we would have arrived inside the government office too. It might be the manager’s quarters or a warehouse where items are stored.”
said Nade.
“Isn’t that really dangerous? Besides, this is the capital with the largest supply of goods. Items can be stolen, and there will be many high-ranking officials.” Sirone said.
“okay. We committed another crime in Melkidu, where any crime is innocent.”
“The moment it takes, it will be over.”
It wasn’t going to end like being put in jail.
Nade’s smile was convex.
“But you have some time until morning, right?”
“No, what… …
While Pena made a blank expression, Iruki smiled.
“It wouldn’t hurt to take a look. There will be items that have not been released yet, or items that have been discarded due to censorship. How are you, Sirone?”
≪Uh 99
‘Sister three
It seemed like it would cost more crime points than expected, so it seemed worth the risk, but in fact, I was more curious about looking at the middle layer of the system.
“good. Let’s do it until morning.”
As the three of them left, Pena was terrified.
“Hey, are you really going to do it? And what if you get caught?”
“It is useless. Because I was famous since my school days.”
Eden followed and shook his head.
“Once plugged in, it’s over.” Five stowaways disappeared into the darkness of the harbor.
Time in a dream is determined by the quality and quantity of information, and in the battle between Miro and Ymir, Sirone also accepted the huge data from the Dream.
“Suck!”
Armand, who went into the river to save Yorahhan, swam with all his might.
Sosegae Changyu fixed Yorahhan’s location
It was clearly informed, but it was already quite far away due to the strong current.
‘Humans can’t hold their breath for a long time.’
In addition, the impact of falling into the water would have consumed most of the oxygen, so time was running out.
‘Kang, give him to me.’
The center of the river flowed backwards, and Jorahhan’s body was embraced by Armand.
She quickly climbed up and pulled Jorahhan out, letting out a breath.
“Huh!”
The moment he was connected to the small world, Armand frowned at the pain of apnea.
‘I’m dying.’ Recalling the words he hadn’t told him yet, Armand tried artificial respiration.
It was rather fortunate that Yorahhan lost consciousness because she was much more comfortable assimilating with inanimate objects.
The lungs pumped involuntarily and spewed out large amounts of water.
And the moment we kissed again.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
Yorahhan coughed and moved his upper body.
“ah?… ”
I saw Armand’s face in my vision, which gradually became clearer.
‘ pretty.’
There was a clicking sound from my forehead, and stars flashed in front of my eyes.
“ouch! Why do you hit me!”
As he shouted, unable to stand up, Armand gave strength to his eyes.
“Anyway, humans! You saved me from dying, so that’s all you think about doing it for the first time?”
“No, what… …
What do you mean when you feel that way?
“Anyway, if you live, get up quickly. I have to go back before it gets dark.”
I wasn’t particularly afraid of the dark, but I had an instinctive feeling that I shouldn’t spend the night with Jo Ra-han.
“Ugh!”
Jorahhan, who was halfway up, fell down again.
“sorry. It’s too much right now I don’t even have the strength to stand up.”
Armand, guessing Jorahhan’s condition, let out a sigh of resignation.
It must have felt like being beaten with a hammer because he had turned his internal organs in an unconscious state.
“Ha ha, really.”
Two hours later, a bonfire was burning by the river where the sun had completely set.
Jorahhan trimmed the fish Armand had caught and put it on a tree branch.
“Okay, that’s it.”
As the wet clothes were being dried, Armand was sitting in the corner covered with a blanket.
“I hate fire.”
If it was a fire family, it was natural.
‘Well, even though he was carnivorous, he ate raw food.’
On the other hand, since Yorahan was a human, there was no reason to refuse to grill fish.
“Come a little closer. You should warm up.”
When Armand gave him a suspicious glance, Yorahan was terrified.
“No, I’m afraid I’ll catch a cold. sorry.” It was a short moment, but they shared each other’s hearts through the creation of a small world.
‘I’m going crazy because it’s awkward.’
It is impossible to deny that it is not as long as it is revealed.
The only thing he could look at was the fish being browned.
“huh?”
When I looked up at the sound of footsteps, Armand was walking holding on to the blanket.
“It will be delicious. let’s eat.” The moment he saw her reflection in her bonfire, Yora Han realized.
‘This is the person.’
Flowers were also blooming in his heart.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1204.txt
=============YYYYY=============
mind and error (2)
“Hmm.”
When Armand made a suspicious expression, Yo Rahan hurriedly turned his head.
“Okay, let’s eat. I have to eat.”
It was an unknown fish.
Of course, it is a familiar species to the Fire Tribe, but Armand did not dare to name it.
Perhaps she is feeling the magic of taste that fire brings, but she never appreciated it.
After the simple meal, the two stared blankly at the campfire.
“What do you want to do?”
Armand asked.
“You said you wanted to change the world. Do you intend to fight by reforming the Hua people?”
“Fighting… …
Johann rested his chin on his knee again.
“I don’t think violence can change anything. Many thinkers try to find peace through war. In some sense, it will be correct. But in the end, it only applies to your kingdom, your city, and your family. Taken as a whole, their logic is no different from saying that half is saved by sacrificing half.”
“How is that?”
Now that he trusts Yorahhan, he spat out the words he had stored in Armando.
“That’s how you live. How are we different now? You have to kill something else to eat it.”
Johann asked.
“Do you want to fight?”
“The Hwajok suffered a lot of persecution. Humans treated us as cattle simply because we were passive. To be honest… … I might be more angry with the non-human Fire Tribe. A power that can’t protect anything is just too insignificant.”
“it is not so.”
When Armand raised his head, Jorahhan’s eyes were filled with confidence.
“It is a blessing to be able to share each other’s hearts. I think the future of human beings depends on the Hwajok. That’s why I stayed in the village.”
Really?
While Armand was lost in thought, Jorah Han continued.
“You can’t change anything with the logic of power. Humans are just afraid. He’s afraid he’ll be eaten by someone stronger. When we understand each other like the Hwajok, fear will disappear and true peace will come. It is you who are strong.”
Armand smiled.
“Yes, you may be right.” Their gazes crossed for a moment, and Yo Rahan mustered up the courage to open his mouth.
“excuse me… …
“but.”
At the sudden addition, Yorahhan heard a tinge.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
Whether he knew his heart or not, Armand said with strained eyes.
“Even so, I can’t be beaten like this. You don’t know, but the Hwajok were really severely persecuted by humans. If you knew what happened, you wouldn’t be able to forgive them either.”
“… … Yeah, I don’t know.” suffering of others.
“But we will start there. To create a world where fire people and humans can live together.”
As soon as the bonfire became weak, Jo Ra-han said with a relieved expression.
“Let’s go to sleep. Because I have to leave early tomorrow morning. the townsfolk worry
going to be.”
Jorah Han, who entered the cliff to avoid the water’s edge, spread a blanket to avoid Armand’s seat.
I was tired of the thick pebbles, but the excitement I felt today made the bed feel like a cloud.
‘I should have brought my notes. I’ll write it right after I get home tomorrow.’
In order not to forget what I realized, I could feel the presence of that time when I was repeating the words in my head.
“……why?”
As the startled Yorahhan tried to stand up, Armand pressed his chest.
“I know, your heart.” Her mouth didn’t open, only her heart beat wildly.
“I will show you my heart this time.”
Still, Yorahan was silent, but I could tell from his heartbeat.
‘Small world creation.’
As their hearts reunited, Jorahhan felt a thrill.
“iced coffee.”
Perhaps the reason he was born was not only for this moment.
It was a feeling that could not be expressed even with the word love, and even if it disappeared forever like this, there would be no regrets.
“Let’s become one.”
Since they had already shared everything, there was no need for pretense, and the two achieved a unity that transcended concepts.
‘A mind bigger than the universe.’
The realization of that moment is the key to helping Yorahhan reach the realm of god later.
It was mental data.
Artists from each country were in the middle of final rehearsals for the performance at 10:00 p.m.
El Qiana and Maya, who adorned the finale song, finished the song with a good harmony.
El Qiana was also a pro, although she lost the climactic part to Maya.
Panier said.
“Once you pass.”
Knowing how strict a producer he is, the musicians were relieved.
Reina of the Ogent family, who was in charge of playing the piano, also knelt down on the keyboard.
‘It’s hell, hell.’
Panier added.
“Of course, it means passing in the judgment that the main performance will be better than the rehearsal. Don’t relax.”
“yes.”
Reina hurriedly stood up and answered.
“excuse me.”
When the door opened and someone came in, Ye-in put on a look of disbelief.
Maya and Cayden spoke simultaneously.
“Fermi?”
Since he was now the king of Kesia Kingdom, Panier hurriedly approached him.
“His Highness the King.”
“Sorry, no message.”
Actually it was.
If the king of a country was able to move, he should have already been contacted through an aide.
“What’s going on here… …
“I like to hear the sound of music on the way. Can I take a tour for a while?”
Fermi put it like that.
‘Cell Buster is unstoppable.’
At least not yet.
In the last updated Apocalypse information, humanity is still facing destruction.
‘Maya and Kayden and…
There were as many as three people in the performance room who would be hints of that huge disaster.
“long time no see. How are you?”
As Fermi raised her hand and approached, Maya hurriedly lowered her head and replied.
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“Take it easy, classmates. By the way, how is the fort? In case someone comes to me… …
Cayden blocked the way.
“What’s your business with Maya? tell me.”
Having once been involved in the ring of gold, I knew that Fermi would not approach me without a specific reason.
‘And for the most part… … for your own benefit.
Fermi, who alternately looked at Cayden and Maya, laughed.
“Are you Maya’s manager now? You’ve improved a lot though. You will be the most successful fan.”
“Just say what you have to say and go.”
“I want to be alone with Maya. If you accept my offer, you will become even more famous.”
As there was an incident of Arachne’s reception, the entertainers reacted sensitively to the sponsor.
“How are you, Maya? Is the time okay?”
“Uh, that… …
When Maya noticed Panier, Fermi spoke up to face reality.
“Consider my face too. He is the king of a country participating in the Holy War, but he cannot be rejected.”
In that moment, everyone realized.
‘Yes, even if it is a foreign country, he is the king of one country. If I refuse here, I will lose my life.’
Caden bit his lip.
‘It’s still mean. But I can’t go out now. If I stop here… …
I don’t know what Maya’s life will be like.
Despite that promise, the moment Fermi approached Maya, his right hand moved of its own accord.
‘damn! no!’
Seeing the fist flying at the king’s chin, the entertainers’ faces turned pale.
“Oops! danger.”
However, as if he had already expected it, Fermi lightly flipped his upper body to avoid the attack.
Only then did Cayden grab hold of his right hand.
“I, I… …
Fermi’s eyes cooled for a moment as he watched him bewildered.
‘This is a prison break.’
Even with Maya’s career at stake, Caden’s right hand is out of control.
‘This should be enough for now.’
Fermi smiled and stepped back.
“It’s a joke, a joke. So, be sensitive. With celebrities hugging each other’s shoulders.”
And I looked back at Maya.
“Sorry to startle you. I’m your fan too I will be looking forward to the finale performance.”
Maya, terrified of receiving a sponsorship offer, was still not relieved.
“Didn’t you have something to say?”
“Because it’s a joke. Who is touching you?”
I wanted to say that Sirone would not stay still, but Caden noticed.
Turning around, Fermi erased his smile as if he had never done that before and headed to Panier.
“Can we talk?”
“?????Yes, Your Highness.” After giving the entertainers some free time, Panier took Fermi into the room.
“Shall we bring some tea?”
Since it had been a long time since he had treated a high-ranking person, Panier awkwardly walked around.
“it’s okay. Have a seat.”
Then I heard Maya singing.
“The part has changed. El Qiana must be disappointed.”
Panier’s eyes narrowed as it was information that could not be known without investigation.
‘It’s not an ordinary bet either. He was said to have been the real power of Kessia Kingdom even before he became king.’
Fermi asked.
“Is it a skill problem, or some other reason?”
If Maya is the keyword for the future, it is necessary to know as much as possible about the changes that have occurred to her.
‘Because the result is the sum of all the causes.’ Panier said.
“As a producer, I value a lot of Yein. But what I feel in my life is that there is no perfect standard for evaluating a person.”
“Hoo.”
“Human beings are not good at taking care of themselves. Me too. When I evaluate someone, I tend to look at how well they did their best.” “Of course, it is not an exact standard, especially in the art world. But when I came this far, I thought… …
Panier was bitter.
“Still, that was closest to the truth.”
truth.
The spotlight of the performance will be on Maya.
‘Maybe this could be the decisive hint of the cell buster. But it still didn’t fit.
“First of all, I’m sorry I came to you without contacting you. Because it’s something you have to listen to yourself.”
Information about future events could not be shared with anyone.
“Yes, please.”
“Do you know a man named Robe Ranstin’?”
“yes?”
It was an unexpected question.
“Your Highness, how do you know Ranstin?”
why don’t you know
Madou 7 Girls’ Kitaru Man was not a celebrity, but a celebrity among wizards.
“I do not know them directly. I heard that you were at Mr. Panier’s company, but are you still able to contact me?”
“okay.”
It’s been quite a while now, but Robe Ranstin was still a name I couldn’t forget.
“It’s a big part of my life. But now we don’t know the news. Dead or alive.”
“In conclusion, I am alive.”
Is it like that?
‘Yes, were you alive? I still can’t let go of that road, I live like that
Are you there?’
Panier asked.
“Your Highness, what kind of person do you think an artist is?”
“well.”
It was not a question for an outsider to answer.
“Is there really any justice? It’s all the same job. Nothing special, nothing great. What I want to say is, no matter how good I am, I’m not going to call myself an artist anywhere. They say he’s a musician. Someone who makes money from music.” Sensing a subtle difference, Fermi asked.
“Then what kind of person is an artist?”
“It is life.”
Panier said.
“People whose life itself is an art. No matter what the world says, live as you want. Of course, sometimes great artists come out, but nine out of ten they will be the perfect place to dine on the street.”
Panier’s eyes turned vague.
“Robe Lanstin… … He lived a life closer to art than anyone I knew.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1205.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Mind and Error (3)
Fermi had a feeling about Kitaruman, but he did not create an image hastily.
“I heard you lost your daughter.”
“It was stupid. He really loved his daughter. There was no malice. just… … You don’t know. He doesn’t know what to do because he’s never lived the world properly.”
Panier sighed.
“After that, my wife also ran away with Ranstin’s friend of 10 years. So what are you crazy about? Most guys like Ranstin are like that. I always live by looking at my hands. Because of that petty artistic spirit. You can’t blame your shrewd friend, but honestly, is that what people do? Well, maybe it was because he was a person? He was a friend who had a sense of entitlement to Lanstin without knowing what it was. He wasn’t particularly fond of him.”
Unlike Maya, Far Nier did not hide his feelings.
“On the contrary, Ranstin seemed to like it.” Paniere, who was silent for a moment, took out a cigarette and looked at her.
“If it’s okay… …
“yes. Give me one too.”
Panier, lighting a cigarette, seemed more comfortable than before.
“There was a time when I was screaming that I was an artist. It doesn’t mean flashy or successful. Popularity or fame, those are just illusions of show business.”
Recalling that time, he raised an eyebrow.
“It was a day’s work to lock myself in a small room, drink cheap alcohol, and write music on music paper. I will try to make a masterpiece that transcends the times, hehe. I was free though. People say what can you do without money, but it’s the opposite. I have nothing, so my soul is free. You do what you want to do. At that time, a lot of really weird songs were poured out. Of course no one listens. But yes too… … How to say.”
Cigarette smoke billowed toward the ceiling.
“I would say it was the most me-like life.”
“Do you hate it now?”
“Of course, it’s a good life now. Didn’t you see that my laura artists couldn’t move on me?” Panier had a bitter expression on his face.
“But the result is good, and the cause
It didn’t make sense. This is what I started to live my life through art. I wanted to surprise the world. But it’s not easy. I’m divorced now, but I’ve been working for over 10 years to take care of my two children. When Lan Steen did art, I did work.”
he spread his arms
“Who is better? Of course I do. I worked hard to protect my family. However, it is an undeniable fact that I could not have been more courageous and compromised with life.”
Panier does not call himself an artist.
“… … I wish it went well. Even if you compromised a little bit, if you mixed a little lie with the truth, people would have clapped. But he didn’t. He would beg for money, but never beg for applause.”
“okay.”
Fermi was lost in thought.
‘Kayden’s jailbreak, Maya’s best, and Kitaru Man… …
No compromise.
The picture of the future was being completed. Panier asked.
“By the way, what does he do for a living these days? I don’t think I’ve ever released an album.” I couldn’t tell you that the guitar man of the world’s 100 most dangerous people was Ranstin.
“I don’t know either. That’s why I found Panier. Can you guess where it is?”
“well. There may be a few. Because there is such a thing as an inspirational place. Anyway, if you’re still holding the guitar… …
Panier asked for a cigarette again.
“Wherever you are, you will be living artistically.”
I don’t know the name of the city.
After leaving his hometown, every place was an unfamiliar world to Kitaru Man.
In an unknown inn room, he heard the sound of a man and a woman breathing through the wall.
One of them was the voice of Tyra Lynn, the exclusive singer of Guitaroo Man.
The world’s 100 most dangerous people did not engage in prostitution because they had no money for lodging.
There’s just no reason not to do it.
‘As you please.’
As if trying to prove with his whole body that he does not belong to the world.
Meanwhile, Rin was a bit annoyed.
“Cheap quickly.”
Although she has a baby-faced face and a small body, she is actually close to 30 years of age.
The man who performed the gig asked.
“Are you okay? Do you belong here?”
“no.”
Rin said as she buttoned up her jacket.
“There is no such thing. After tomorrow’s performance, this city will open too. So don’t ask anything.”
“show? what show?”
She handed me a ticket with the time and place written on it.
“Come if you want to come.” Deep in thought with a blank expression, he asked again as he packed the ticket under his clothes.
“Were you a singer? But why are you doing this… … . No, is it okay for me to go?”
Lin laughed.
“It comes and goes, you are free. I just sing there.”
After taking the flower bed, she went out the door and went into the next room without saying goodbye.
“I’m back.”
Kitaruman, Rob Lanstin didn’t ask anything.
“I wrote a new song.”
Lyn, who had placed the flower stand on the table, sat down on the bed and flipped through the sheet music in turn.
“It’s fine.”
Guitarrumman played the instrument again.
There was no conversation for 4 years due to differences in musical views, but even after reconciliation, they did not talk much.
Even if the emotional illness hadn’t broken out, Kitaruman would still have kept his mouth shut.
‘Outer bone marrow. sick.’
Robert Lansteen was more artistically stubborn than anyone Lin knew.
“Do you like it.”
In fact, that’s why I’m following you.
“I’ll tell you.”
Ranstin played the sheet music he had just finished working on with the object <Gitaru>.
‘Gitaru’, probably the name for guitar, made all the instruments sound at the same time.
Lynn hummed and sang.
Lyrics that would raise eyebrows if the audience heard them resonated with a sorrowful melody.
afternoon the next day. Arriving at the plaza, Ranstin and Lin paid the rental fee and rented a small theater for about an hour.
Since there was no specific session, preparations were quick, and people gathered quite a bit.
Most of them were people who had a relationship with Rin for two weeks.
“huh?”
The only person who recognized her true identity was Kimstler, a composer with whom she once went to art college.
“Tyra Lynn’?”
maybe first love.
However, at that time, students who liked Lin did not discriminate between men and women.
Transcendent while is unique, but her song made all Yein’s heart beat.
‘She sang really well.’
The reason why she dropped out of school was rumored, but it was hard to believe even after hearing it.
‘Because it was a barbaric society.’
It was a place where all the unique people in the world were gathered, so there were many accidents.
“hello. I will sing.”
After a brief greeting, Lynn took the microphone, and Ransteen began a dazzling performance.
“Hwihwi!”
Kimsler licked his lips at the sight of men whistling and cheering enthusiastically.
As the decadent and sensational lyrics were heard, the cheers began to grow even louder.
No one knew.
The fact that everyone in the plaza could be killed with just one of her voices and Ranstin’s gesture.
“Is that the kid?”
“Because it is. yesterday i… …
Kimsler’s face flushed as he heard the audience whispering during the interlude.
‘What do you mean?’
As the thick obscenity continued for a long time, he finally couldn’t hold back his anger and shouted.
“Hey, are you slandering in moderation? Does it help you if you disparage the singer in that way?”
“What are you?”
“Do you know who that woman is? If you keep doing this, you could be sued.”
“Puhahaha! who is that woman I’m with that kid… …
Lynn sang.
“I’m going to kiss that girl walking down 73rd street. So will this shitty feeling go away? It doesn’t matter now. Because I didn’t mess it up.” Hearing all this, Kimsler was in a daze.
‘It can’t be.’
Why would a woman with such great performance and singing skills ruin her life?
After the performance, the audience gathered.
Of course, most of them remain with bad intentions, but Rin was polite to everyone.
‘Don’t ruin my memories.’
To think that she, who couldn’t even make eye contact during her school days, was harassed like that.
“thank you! thank you!”
After a few jokes and a few skinships, Lin bravely packed up her equipment.
“There are still a lot of people here today. yes?”
Ranstin was speechless.
“what? What else is so sweet? Did you not like today? You didn’t make any mistakes.”
“No, it was good.”
It just reminded me of the pain of the past.
“You have a good talent. Maybe when you go out into the world, everyone will recognize you.”
Lynn snorted.
“What are you saying, you bastard… … He left because he hated the world terribly, disgusted him to the point of disgust.
“Lin.”
Kimsler has arrived.
“Are you Tyra Lynn? It’s me, me.”
“who are you?”
Of course, Lin couldn’t remember him.
“Oh, that’s right, classmates. I went to the Merius School of the Arts in composition. I even said hello during the performance… …
Mary’s School of the Arts is a painful name for her, but she was already out of the world.
“Aha, it’s been a while since I heard it. nice to meet.
How are you?”
The reason why Kimsler was moved by Lin’s relaxed attitude was also due to his lack of qualifications.
“uh. Now I am the director of the National Academy of Arts. It came out for a while because I was thinking of a new score.”
Although she unknowingly spewed twisted words, Lin sincerely congratulated the alumni on their success.
“Wow, that’s cool. How great?”
“How are you? Don’t perform in a place like this, would you like to come with me? I can introduce you.”
“huh?”
When Lyn looked at him as if he was saying something, Kimsler opened his mouth triumphantly.
“I promise to help. It’s much better than living like this anyway. is not it?”
“Aha, did you hear?”
Rin just wants to be free.
If you have nothing but freedom, why do people want to take away that freedom as well?
“sorry. As of today, the show is over in this city. Tell me when you come to another city. I’ll deal with you then.”
“What are you talking about? I didn’t mean it that way, I really care about you… …
“Ho Ho!”
She knows the ridicule and disregard behind the word worry, and the relief it brings.
Lynn stuck out her tongue.
“You guys are far worse bastards than the masses who treat us as clowns.”
Without the courage to risk your life.
“Goodbye I”
Leaving the blushing Kimstler behind, Lynn crossed her arms and walked away.
Live like that.
Even if everyone points at them as pathetic, even if they wear a mask of sympathy and despise them.
Because this is our world
‘Because I’m free.’
He is a clown living in the furthest place from the world, mocking the world.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1206.txt
=============YYYYY=============
mind and error (4)
Apocalypse.
The mining team’s judgment was correct.
When I went down to the basement of the building, the main system, which was more than tens of meters high, was filling the great cavity.
“what’s this?”
Marsha opened her mouth in a daze and looked up at the pillar that reached all the way to the ceiling.
It was emitting a bright white light like the beating of a heart, as if all the signals in this world were combined.
“Do it quickly.”
Looking back at the entrance the operator entered, he stepped back.
I couldn’t see the jets yet, but I could feel the number of androids coming down through the vibrations.
High Gear’s manager, Lollipop Mark, held a code-breaking card to a pole.
As the hologram unfolded, the code ran so fast that it was impossible to see with the naked eye.
Lollipop Mark, who had been expecting a bit, lowered his head.
“sorry. I can’t decipher this either. It seems that the language of this world is much more fragmented than we know.”
“What are you talking about? Segmentation?”
“There is absolutely no room for misunderstanding. It may be the final stage that the code can reach, but that is beyond human comprehension.”
Number Seven said.
“It is not necessary to know the language to penetrate the system. Just like you can scare a dog without knowing its language.”
“That is possible because I know the concept of a dog. Then what do you think this is?” When the audience was silent, the lollipop continued.
“It’s not that Number Seven hyung was wrong. However, you should have at least a basic code table for this world. Only then can data be created.”
Marsha asked.
“Where do I get the code table?”
“The easiest way is to reboot the system. Then it can be deciphered to some extent. It’s like assuming that the first thing a foreigner will say is ‘Hello,’ even if you don’t know the language.”
the operator asked.
“What if the foreigner doesn’t say ‘Hello’ because he’s from a strange country?”
“At that time, there was no way. But if my predictions are correct, that won’t happen. Because this is not a strange country. only… …
Lollipop looked up at the top of the pillar.
“It’s just our future.”
Marsha asked.
“Should I break this? Then there might be a way.”
It sounds absurd to a programmer, but honestly, I didn’t think about it.
“If I could, I did it right away. You checked outside. No attack can do any damage.”
the operator said.
“come.”
The elevator reached the basement, and I could see the jets bubbling through the transparent glass walls.
‘Sirone. I don’t know where or what… …
I wanted it to be done as quickly as possible.
“Have some tea.”
Following Jet, whom she met on the roof, into the building, Sirone was entertained in her room.
“Oh, thank you.”
It didn’t make sense that the android was making tea, but the scenery in the room was even more surprising.
There was a soft blanket on the bed, a carpet on the floor, and unfamiliar fish swimming in the aquarium.
like… … like humans.
said Jet.
“Don’t worry about the group. Since you opened the door to the main system, you must have entered safely.”
As Jett made her own tea and sat down at the table, Sirone’s gaze turned to the teacup.
“Yes, I cannot drink. No, you don’t need to drink, exactly.”
A code flowed across the facial screen.
“It’s because you already drank tea with the code that says you drank tea. Still, the result will be the same.”
Sirone realized that there was no difference between her drinking and Jet’s behavior.
“Why did you help me?”
“Is it strange? Maybe so. By your standards, we are nothing but lifeless machines.”
Jet looked around the aquarium.
“These are the children I brought before the river disappeared. Although 30,000 generations have passed, those children are living with me endlessly from generation to generation. Of course, the form and habits have changed a lot.”
How far into the future is this place?
“As I raised those children, I saw death. I also saw birth. If it hadn’t been for that incident, I wouldn’t have been any different from other Jets.”
“In what way is it different now?” Jet didn’t answer.
“What is life?”
Instead, he asked Sirone a question.
“Why live? If the end of life is death, what meaning does our life have?” “Since that question arose, I have been exploring life. The conclusion reached is that life is a time to prepare for death.”
Sirone listened.
“How will you die? Life exists only for that hwadu. Then the question arises again. If so, how should I live?”
Jet raised his index finger.
“No regrets. It is to live as best you can so that there is no regret left at the last moment.” It was a paradox about death.
“Then what is best? I think it’s a middle dragon. A life that is too ascetic leaves regrets. Conversely, a dissolute life leaves behind attachments.”
Jet made a hand sign.
“So the ball. The ball is not empty. Feeling and accepting numerous emotions, but also letting them go without confining them. If you perfect the mind that accepts death in this way, you will reach liberation that transcends life and death.”
Hearing the sermon from the machine made me feel strange, but I also had doubts about it.
“But you… …
“yes. I have no life. It is a machine.”
Jet pointed to the aquarium.
“Maybe that little life changed something in the system that made me. Maybe I am almost the only error in the world.”
“error.”
Sirone also thought.
‘mind.’
Can a machine have a mind?
“How is that possible? That in a world of perfect laws there are errors.”
Jet laughed.
“No system is perfect until it is perfect. It’s a conceptual problem. It’s like there’s no way to prove that there isn’t a single bug in this city.”
Unless the city itself perishes.
“okay.”
A warning code flashed on Jet’s face.
“Your party is trying to access the main system. But it won’t be easy.”
“Can you help me?”
Jet shook his head.
“It is out of my control. I circumvent the system in ways that other jets do not, but change the system itself.
I can’t honey. It’s the exact opposite concept of the mind. The main system is perfect. This is because it admits no error, regardless of whether or not there is one.”
That god’s point of view drove the world to this point.
Jett continued.
“Nevertheless, the reason I brought you here is that I believe that things will change sooner or later. Just as the little life in the aquarium changed me, I think there is hope since you entered this world.”
What is Jet dreaming of?
“I will let you know. the secrets of these three worlds. where are we Where did you come from and where are you going?”
It was the truth of the outside world.
sun core.
In their psychic state, the archangels were doing their best to undo the cosmic law.
“Huh!”
It was to change the course of the entire universe, if not the physical realm.
“I can’t.”
It was a law so strong that he dared to say such a thing.
“We were just like this. An insignificant part in a cogwheel.”
As Satiel lost the archangel’s will, Rayel said.
“Hold on a little longer. If you leave here, it’s over. Not just you and me, but all angels will lose the meaning of existence.”
I try to encourage him like that, but in fact he knew it too.
‘I can’t last long.’
Although the angle of change is not large, it was to receive the weight of the entire universe.
‘If you yield one step, you can live like that again. But hold on to protect
moment… …
get crushed
‘Should I stop here? According to God’s will, should I put down the angelic authority and live as a mortal?’
It doesn’t matter anyway.
‘why?’
Why did we exist in this world?
‘Fight.’
The moment he resisted with all his heart, his mental body began to disintegrate.
“Rayel!”
Satiel bit his lip in front of his colleague’s miserable appearance.
‘I’m angry!’
If I had a body, I would have shed tears of blood.
‘Is it just like this? We are so weak… …
“Don’t give up.”
At that moment, a tremendous force pushed the law away.
“Ichael.”
As the pressure decreased to the point where they could breathe, Satiel and Rayel realized anew.
‘It’s tremendous power.’
It was the mother of all concepts, an amplifying force born at the same time as the birth of the universe.
“You can. It’s not an insignificant existence. We define ourselves.”
As much as she was encouraged by those words, Satiel felt anger and sadness at the same time.
‘The person who stole the Guffin.’
But also… … He was an angel whom I respected more than anything else.
‘I hate this.’
The feeling of letting out the hatred that seemed to be stagnant in my heart forever was terrifying.
Could I have let it go like that?
“It’s only now that we hold hands! Revert the law and we will fight again.”
If given one more chance, then I wanted to listen to Ikael’s words.
“… … is it so.”
Of course, Ikael knew that this was the end.
‘I did my best to exist.’
In order to give him even that medal, Ikael pushed his spirit into the law.
“no! don’t go!”
‘I’m sorry, Sirone.’
It was the moment when the mental body was scattered and was about to disintegrate with a mere signal.
When she opened her eyes with a strange feeling, an archangel was receiving the law in front of her.
“Kariel?”
Kariel, the archangel of birth, looked back at her and smiled beautifully.
“Kariel… …
It was just as good as she remembered, always full of curiosity.
Subsequently, the archangel of extinction, Faiel, supported her on the shoulder, and Metatron and Methiel approached from the left and right to help.
‘It wasn’t in vain, my life.’
That’s how the heart goes.
As the 7 archangels joined forces, I felt the law going backwards little by little.
Satiel shuddered.
‘do. We can do it!’
And the changes that took place in the sun’s core had an immediate effect on Apocalypse as well as Syrone’s planet.
As the building shook as if an earthquake had occurred, Sirone looked up at the ceiling with a startled expression.
Fragments were falling from behind.
“what?”
The structure that could not even crack in any way is breaking.
“This is the beginning of change.”
It was Zet’s own insight that made it possible to guess the effect without going through the cause.
“I don’t think I have much time. It would be faster to explain in machine language rather than human language.”
As Jet sat cross-legged on the floor, Shirone calmed down and sat down.
The vibration was getting stronger.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1207.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The world we live in (1)
Now, as the rather thick debris fell in front of Sirone’s eyes, Jet said.
“This world is made of particles.”
It was natural.
“And the outer world is made of antiparticles.” “Of course, this is the standard of this world. Matter and antimatter define each other with the concepts of existence and non-existence.” Jett spoke calmly.
“Particles are classified into photon signals and quantum signals. Photon signals deal with the law, quantum signals deal with the mind. Of course it would be an error for me.”
Sirone understood.
“If that is what we are, which being has a higher stature? It’s going to be how much of a share it occupies in the total system. The measure of this criterion is energy.”
Existence is energy.
“Also, energy is mass multiplied by the speed of light squared. Therefore, energy can also be referred to as mass.”
The mass… … .
“It is a matter of how fiercely you exist in the flow of time. Expressions such as heavy and light are just definitions made by human senses, in reality…”
Jet clenched his fist.
“It just exists.”
The background crumpled around the fist, and debris and dust gathered there.
“It’s called gravity. And if this gravity becomes too, too strong, beyond the tolerance the universe accepts… …
When Jet opened his palm, the small dot became a black sphere and sucked in the dust around it.
“You will break through the curtain of the world and go to the outside world.”
It was a black hole.
“Can you make it? A singularity of zero volume and infinite density.”
“… … yes.”
Even Metatron, the Archangel of Existence, and Syrone were able to create singularities.
“It is not particularly special. It’s just that some matter has reached the limit of the universe. It means that nothing can be infinitely strong. When existence transcends its limits, the universe cannot handle the signal and spits it out of the veil.”
The jet annihilated the black hole.
“So you can make it, but you can’t get in. To be precise, there is no way out.”
It was a space where even light was confined.
“At the singularity, time ends. And beyond that, the world of anti-particles unfolds. So the outside world has an imaginary number of hours.”
“That’s God’s point of view.”
Jett nodded.
“If a particle is a concept of significance, an anti-particle is a concept of nothingness. Therefore, it is normal for particles to exist, and the time of extinction is only an instant. On the other hand, it is normal that anti-particles do not exist, and the time of their birth is extremely short.” This is why it is difficult to observe antiparticles in space.
“In this way, particles and antiparticles go through twin birth and twin annihilation to create matter and energy. This is the mechanism by which our universe is born.”
Sirone chewed on Jet’s words.
“The means through which God can exert influence in this world are also antiparticles. It is useless to say that it is still or even now. It’s imaginary time. Time is imaginary means that space is also less than zero. That is, they operate beyond the speed of light. In other words, going back in time and changing the law.” Sirone recalled the Pyramid of Truth.
“That’s an opart.”
This is the reason why the relics of an ancient civilization seem to have been born without a cause.
“yes. God’s will that transcends time and space. This signal is called tachyon. It is a sign of an imaginary number born in a world of nothingness.”
Sirone let out a quiet voice.
“The world of nothingness.”
If the anti-particles that make up the outside world are the concept of nothingness, our world seen there… … .
It was just a huge illusion.
“Do you want to meet God?” When Sirone raised his head again, Jet was as reverent as his high priest.
“To meet God, you must cross the veil of the world. That means there is no coming back forever.” When I was in school, I once returned to reality through the space-time of the maze.
Also, even in high gear, he imitated Shin’s thinking and returned as an undercoder.
But all of that was possible because reality was the status of the outside world.
‘It’s different this time. In order to return to reality, I need to know the signal of the anti-particle.’
Jet brought the point.
“I will let you know.”
“yes? But how… … ?”
“Because I am an error out of the main system. Permissions cannot be exceeded, but viewing is possible. You should be able to connect to the core and deliver the results for Tachyon.”
A god’s ability to turn all beings into illusions.
“It will be difficult to achieve enlightenment with only Gugyeol, but it will be necessary to meet God. Even if you go to the outside world in this state, you are crossing a river from which you cannot return.”
like me
“Of course, me too. Viewing the outside world is an error that cannot be overlooked, and I will soon be discarded.”
Sirone asked again.
“Why do you do this? You live in this world.”
“well. Is it because it is an error?” Jet looked out the window.
“From the moment I realized that the many ‘me’ outside and the ‘me’ here are different, I thought this way. This miraculous error, this feeling that will never come again… …
He turned his head again.
“I wonder if I should tell someone.”
Sirone cried.
“But then you… … It was something I didn’t want to say, but it was something I had to confirm.
“You are going to die.”
It is different from the outside jet.
Because the disappearance of the one and only ‘I’ who has realized the mind will be no different from the death of a human being.
“How will you die?”
Jet put one hand on his lap and gently bowed his head as class president.
“I think I am ready.” Sensing that her heart was heating up, Shirone tried to calm herself down and answered.
“yes.”
And knelt down in front of Jet.
“I will be taught.”
“… … You will only get one chance.”
Silence ensued, and a red tiger began to appear on Jet’s face screen.
“Data output.”
Ikael felt a thrill of joy.
‘It moves. we overcome the law
there is.’
The seven archangels gathered now were almost all concepts that gave birth to the early universe.
‘Just one more step.’
Ataraxia unfolds brilliantly.
‘Proof!’
The moment the mental body was burning, the law that had been twisted so far was rapidly restored.
It felt like that.
The jet outputted data at a tremendous speed and in a voice that bordered on shouting.
‘You can’t miss it. Not even one syllable.’
Sirone, who was kneeling in front of him, held on to her fainting spirit.
In terms of enormous entropy and information quality, it was comparable to the blueprint of the universe.
A moan leaked out.
“Huh.”
Jet’s voice wasn’t particularly intrusive, but the syllables were a grotesque sound that no civilization had ever created.
‘I don’t know.’
Sirone, who has reached the level of Ultima, can decipher all signals, so what he couldn’t understand was the meaning, not the form.
‘It’s a completely different concept. It’s not even a quality that humans can remember.’
Information that would have evaporated a second later if I hadn’t known how God thinks flowed endlessly.
“ah??????
Jet’s voice disappeared as his pupils rolled up as if he would lose consciousness at any moment.
‘finished!’
Hurrying to her senses, Sirone repeated the phrase she had heard so far at the speed of thought.
1, 2, 23, 328.
With the shape of the syllable written in her brain like that, Sirone raised her head and looked at Jet.
It may be an illusion, but it seemed calm.
“Did it go well?”
Sirone stood up and replied.
“yes. entire.”
“I’m glad. Enjoyed.”
Hearing the goodbye, Sirone shook her head.
“You can’t leave yet. You have to analyze the signal like me. Fortunately, there is no… …
At that moment, the ceiling collapsed with a roar.
“It’s dangerous!”
Shirone rolled on the floor hugging Jet and looked back at the rock that had fallen under her feet.
‘Huge size.’
That the world of the law is shaken
It meant that Ikael had done it.
Sirone looked at Jet again.
As the main system went down, his aircraft did not light up either.
“Calm down, calm down.”
All jets would be in the same state, but Sirone couldn’t leave the room.
“I mean, I didn’t even say thank you.”
“what? What?”
Marsha looked around.
The jets that were struggling with the operator collapsed at the same time, and the light disappeared from the huge pillar.
“done! Sirone hyung did it.” It was complicated, but it didn’t matter anyway.
“you can do it? Can you do it now?”
As if he had no time to answer, the lollipop mark installed the Undercoder’s interface.
‘I just need to know the code table.’
The initialization signal of the main system was caught by the hologram operated by its own power.
“That’s Okay! I have no idea what you mean, but I can make anything now anyway.”
If you compare it to human language, it would be like a meaningless alphabet combination, but if you knew the communication rules, you could attack the system with the data itself.
The jets were useless, so the entire mining team rushed in to watch the lollipops do their job.
“hacking! hacking!”
“Wait.”
Lollipop Mark, which penetrated the database through various routes, swallowed saliva at the capacity.
“excuse me… … How long will this miraculous thing last?”
“well. 10 minutes? 1 hours? Why are you doing that?”
“There is some data that I am interested in, but it takes 2 hours and 14 minutes to download all of them. If it reboots in there, the system on this side will be attacked.”
“No no. Take only what you need.”
“That’s what I’m saying. Because the language system is different, I don’t know where the information I need is located. but… …
Lollipop turned hologram.
“The title of this file here Omega 999 means you can read it.
Joe.”
“what? Are we talking about it?”
“yes. In my opinion, the records that were left before the future world changed strangely were preserved as they were. Anyway, the last file I can read is Omega 999.”
The record after that time is not written in human language.
“Hmm.”
The operator leaned on his chin and said.
“It’s either way. Do I take the risk and download the whole thing, or just the urgent ones quickly?”
Knowing how valuable the information of the future world is, Marsha cried.
‘I want to get everything. It’s really a waste.’ Lollipop said.
“The leader of the mining team decides. Even while doing this, you never know when the system will be restored.”
“I’m going crazy, really.”
She said with a big sigh.
“Take the urgent first.”
“yes.”
When the lollipop pressed the button on the hologram, the gauge started filling up quickly.
All the history happening in reality, the files of Omega 999 were coming over.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1208.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The world we live in (2)
There was a makeshift barracks quite far from the Green Ocean where the tribal war was being fought.
Pyeongangsa gathered in the shabby barracks, and the same number of fairies took care of them.
“Sniff. sniff.”
“Stop whining. annoying.” When the angel who was pessimistic about his situation shed tears, everyone wept as if he had promised.
like a newborn child.
“Ha ha, really.”
At first, even the fairies, who were treated with respect, no longer saw them as angels.
“If you’re going to keep crying like that, go to sleep. The subaldo by the side should also think of us.”
“M-I’m sorry.”
When one angel lay down in a crouching position, all the angels followed suit again.
At one time, they were the beings who permeated the world through the unique concept they received from God.
“hey. Gather everyone.” When the angels calmed down, the captain of the guard team gathered the fairies together.
“Taking care of yourself like this is so inefficient. Just gather the angels in one place, and we’ll form groups and take turns. About 20 people each.”
“That would be nice. To be honest, apart from the hard things, I’m sick of the angels whining. If it wasn’t for tribal wars, I’d just hit one… …
That moment.
“Ooooooooo!”
The angels opened their eyes and a unique property called vibration occurred.
“What, what?”
Where the fairies hurriedly turned their heads, hundreds of pillars of light rose.
“… … I’m back.”
The starlight that rose one by one on the heads of the angels made it impossible to deny the fact.
‘Did you really do it?’
Did only three archangels go to the sun and change the law set by God?
Like corpses rising from their graves, the angels rose slowly.
“Casker.”
The captain of the subaldae flew like an arrow
all.
“yes! Did you call!”
Because of what he had already done, his mind was confused and his small body trembled.
Of course the angels know.
That’s why the eyes looking at Fairy weren’t nice, but it was a dizzying time for them too.
‘It’s terrible, losing the standard O’
It was a later thing to scold Fairy because it was something she didn’t want to go through again.
“Where is Yuriel-sama?”
“That, to the Green Ocean… …
The angels who looked over the battlefield through ‘Looking Down’ spread their wings of light and soared up.
‘Wait a little.’
As countless flashes of light flew away, the fairies asked Casker.
“What shall we do?”
“What should I do?”
Casker’s face turned into a tear-stain.
“I have to go after him.”
Lollipop nervously scratched her nails.
“hurry. please hurry up.” The data currently being moved was 100% foreknowledge that could never be obtained in reality.
‘Even if you endure one tick, the future of mankind will change.’
The operator pointed forward.
“Hey, this is rebooting, right?” When the lollipop raised its head, lights were coming on one by one in the face of the fallen Jet.
“this!”
He hurriedly lowered his head to check the progress.
’64 percent.’
If the main system is restarted as it is, it will be attacked in reverse and all files will be destroyed.
‘We need to cut off communication. Even if the file is broken, it will be possible to recover it to some extent.’
Should I be satisfied here?
The reaction speed of machines and humans was incomparable, so it was a situation where we had to rely on intuition.
the operator said.
“You judge and decide. I won’t blame you no matter what happens.”
“Huhhh”
Lollipop’s eyes tightened.
‘One second. One more second… …
Could the data contained in that one second save hundreds of thousands of lives?
‘Still fine. About 3 seconds… …
At that moment, without any context, my eyes went dark and my hand went to the block button.
‘I hung up.’
At the same time, with a hum, light began to enter the pillars of the main system.
“Huh! Huh!”
The number written on the hologram was 83 percent.
“done! I was faster.”
His hand frightenedly entered the keyword.
“Okay, I fixed the broken files. Where, I’ll dig up everything you know.”
Just as he was about to read the files, Freeman quickly approached and took away the equipment.
“What are you doing?”
The lollipop’s eyes widened as it raised its head.
The officers of the parrot mercenary corps were surrounded by weapons.
“Why, why?”
“sorry.”
Marsha, who took over the equipment, said.
“No one can read this information. I’ll take this. I’ll pay you instead.”
“Where is the law to do this? Give me! That’s mine! An important program there… …
” Shh.”
Snyder, the captain of the 6th division, thrust a dagger into his throat from behind a lollipop.
“stop. This is the future of mankind at stake. It’s good to get attention from you too.”
The threat was cool, but the cold attitude of the person who had been like a brother until now made me even more angry.
“red! come now? great. Come on, stab me. Try it once, you lady!”
“what? Madame?”
Marsha raised her ax eye.
“You really kill me! Do you think this is a joke? We are very scary people!”
“So try it! Even if you don’t have the confidence! Or give me my gear!”
Snyder asked.
“… … Shall I remove it?”
Marsha was annoyed.
“Are you saying that to a child? Just soothe it in moderation! Give me some candy!”
As she turned away, Snyder licked his lips and lowered the dagger.
“No, why are you temperamental to me? Did I say I was a lady? uh? Did I?”
the operator said.
“I understood the impossibility of sharing information. You don’t have to threaten me.”
“okay. I’m sorry.”
The unrestrained lollipop turned around.
“Oooh, sir!”
He threw a low kick, but only his leg hurt as if he had hit a log.
“haha! Don’t be too angry. Because hyung will introduce you to a really pretty girl. Although I am fifteen years older than you.”
“It’s okay!”
“By the way… Snyder, messing with the lollipop’s head, went on, and the officers followed.
“How do you do these things?”
Before I knew it, the jets were hitting the wall in front.
After looking outside from the rooftop, Sirone returned to the room where Jet had collapsed.
“The scenery hasn’t changed.”
Although the main system was down, this place was still a world created by the law.
‘why? Even though Ikael succeeded.’ It was a frustrating feeling that the future had already been decided no matter what changes were made in reality.
‘I can’t do that. I’m missing something. Because God’s thinking is broader than mine.’
Deep in thought for a while, Shirone turned his head to the sound of the engine.
“Mr. Jet!”
A tiger appeared on Jet’s face screen, and his limbs began to move.
“Are you awake? Suddenly the system… …
Sirone stood still.
The shape is the same, but somehow the feeling is different from before.
“Color immediately. color immediately.”
Standing on his own, he launched the bullets of the law into the air like a jet outside.
“It is me! You remember!”
“Remove the defilements.”
Avoiding the explosions exploding in all directions, Shirone sprinted to the entrance of the room.
‘The error has been fixed.’
As the main system rebooted, the quantum error was put back into place.
“Kuu!”
Since it cannot be undone forever, to Sirone, the jet was just a moving machine.
‘Don’t blaspheme him.’
“Regenerate, follow the law.”
“Yaaaa!”
After casting Hand of God, Sirone grabbed Jet and pushed him hard against the wall.
Following a thud, Jett’s body fell to the floor, half crushed.
“Hey middle schooler… … rate… … law??????
After confirming that the light on the face screen had disappeared, Sirone wiped away tears.
Broken tea cups, burnt carpets, and even fish fluttering outside the aquarium.
It was Jet’s heart.
Sirone, which contained fish in an aquarium made of material, moved the aircraft to the center.
” sorry.”
Looking forward to his heart that was delivered today spreading to the whole world someday, “Whoa!”
Sirone flew up from the ceiling.
‘What about the mining team?’
tallest building in the city.
The numerous jets riding the outer wall shimmered like a broken mirror.
In the great underground caverns of the main system, the mining team struggled against the jet corps.
“damn! Is there no end?”
As long as the building couldn’t be destroyed, the only way out was to go through the jet.
the operator said.
“There is not much power left. Drive Jet into a corner. It is the final collapse.”
“okay.”
As the mercenary corps rushed into the enemy camp, the Jet’s battle line began to twist to one side.
In the meantime, Marsha stood behind the pillar holding the file of Omega 999.
‘How do I do this?’
It was also for Sirone, but the mercenary’s employer was Fermi.
The special condition he presented was ‘information that does not need to be read will be delivered as it is’.
“Is there such a situation?”
At the time, Marsha asked:
“I need to know what it is so I can make a judgment, but how do you deliver it without looking at it?”
“Because there are many ways to deal with confidentiality. Metaphors in ciphered books and paintings, non-melodic scores that destroyed classical forms. I would like you to hand over these artifacts as much as possible without examining them.”
“Hmm, okay.”
Marsha thought to herself.
‘I just need to know, what. Who knows?’
“another one.”
Fermi added.
“When you obtain data created with technology from the future world, never read it. No one, not even the managers at High Gear, should know.”
Looking back now, I wondered if Fermi had been thinking this far.
“It is very tight. How are you supposed to maintain teamwork without that level of humanity?”
“A Fallen Virgin is enough. Members don’t just follow. Moreover, it is directly related to revenue. Information is more about who knows than what you know. Information that is not proprietary has no value.”
Information that everyone knows has the same value as information that cannot happen.
“It’s called information entropy. But in fact, the true meaning of this provision is different.”
“The real meaning?”
“Sirone.”
Marsha’s expression hardened for the first time.
“Some information Sirone should never know. The moment you find out, everything is over. Aside from monopoly, entropy must be maintained at an unknown level. I erased my memory because I was convinced by Sirone again.”
“how… … what information? Then, what if I don’t know and even say something?”
“You know. You will be sure the moment you get the information. So I couldn’t even write it down in the contract. Because there shouldn’t be any channels through which information can move.”
Marsha’s mouth was also a channel.
“okay. I’ll promise. I’d rather take my own life than talk to Sirone.”
Fermi finally presented the contract.
“… … Please sign.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1209.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The world we live in (3)
Since it was a life-or-death matter, Marsha carefully reviewed the items added to the contract.
‘Sirone.’
who gave her a second chance.
‘I want you to be happy. Because he is the one who gave me my family and my life back.’
therefore.
‘I’ll keep quiet. If it’s what you want, I won’t tell you under any circumstances.’
Marsha signed the contract.
Even behind the pillars of the main system, the distance from the battlefield was less than 50 meters.
However, she was immersed in conflict to the extent that even the noise of battle could be heard vaguely.
‘What do we do?’
A file containing the history of Omega 999.
According to the contract, it should be sent to Fermi as it is, but the problem was that it was 83 percent.
‘How much of the future of mankind is left?’ What if 83 percent of the data only had records of the past?
‘I need to check now. In order to send information to Fermi, the messenger must go out into reality. If this is tin information, it’s a valuable opportunity to waste.’
Apocalypse and real time are different, so you have to wait a considerable amount of time once you leave.
‘You have to see. The only chance to turn back is now. I just don’t have to tell Sirone.’
Taking out an analog watch, she calculated the real time using the time difference.
‘good. If there is information that is future than today, pass. Or mine again here.’
Marsha opened the file.
The records left in human language were written in chronological order.
‘Pass it. Hand it over.’
The eyes barely contain the letters.
As she turned the page with the sole intention of checking the date, her face turned red.
‘ there is.’
It wasn’t much, but the record had the exact date of today.
‘it’s okay. End here… … At that moment, a line of records caught my eye.
“… … what?”
Without having time to think about anything, my brain absorbed the entire event of a paragraph.
Marsha slowly raised her head.
Even while he was deep in thought with a stunned look on his face, his hand was turning off the equipment.
‘It must have been this one.’
Fermi’s words that you would be sure the moment you saw it were true.
‘Sirone.’
My eyes grew hot.
‘Is that so? Even knowing everything… … Did you erase your memory?’
At that moment, a roar erupted.
“Marsha!”
When I turned my head, numerous jets were being destroyed by the collapse of the operator.
“I have to leave now!”
When the bowway opened on the side of the elevator that Freeman pointed at, Marsha jumped straight away.
“hurry! Ride fast!”
Right before the elevator closed, the operator, who had returned to the form of a girl, got on board.
“Whoa, I thought I was going to die.”
“Nice job, sister.” Having said that, the lollipop looked up at Marsha and frowned.
“Please return it when you are finished. Don’t touch anything else. It’s a private secret.”
“uh? Oh yeah.”
‘ what?’
Contrary to the fact that her eyes turned upside down when she was called an ajumma, her face was filled with sadness.
Smile Mark asked.
“Is there a solution? There must be a jet outside. I don’t even have the equipment to pull up anymore.”
“We will stop you guys run away. Find a safe place and leave Apocalypse.” At one time, Sirone’s discarded information, namely, that Lo Cine dismantled Apocalypse.
Fermi created an escape code based on the information at the time, and that is… … .
‘Escape.’
Smile Mark looked at the pill in his palm with a worried expression.
‘It takes up to 10 minutes to get out completely. Is there a place that meets the criteria?’
Upon reaching the ground, as expected, numerous jets were blocking the entrance.
‘This is too much.’
The black circle mark raised its head as if it had discovered something and muttered softly.
“Game over.”
“sister! Unluckily, at the same time as that sound, a flash of light blew from the left side of the field of vision and swept away the jets in an instant.
Sirone landed in the empty space.
“brother!”
The lollipop ran away, and the mercenary parrot let out a big breath as if it was relaxed.
“Why are you so late? How long have you been waiting?”
“sorry.”
Sirone checked the number of people in the party first.
“Is everyone okay?”
“okay. Let’s get away first. We need one last check before escaping.”
Sirone, who swept the party with the Hand of God, flew straight into the sky.
Jet pursued, but it was not enough to catch up with Sirone, who was determined and ran away.
‘There really is no end.’
There were only cities with the same pattern and the same scenery, but nature was nowhere to be seen.
“I can’t. Let’s go down.”
Cirone landed at a point where the jet was nowhere to be seen and asked Marsha about the mining situation.
“How have you been? Did you succeed?”
Marsha, who had trouble managing her expression, nodded.
“huh. It’s not perfect, but I’ve achieved the desired results. Send it to Fermi and you’re done.”
“thank god.”
Sirone let out a sigh of relief and looked around.
“There is nowhere to hide. The jets are coming soon, so let’s get out of here.”
Of course, no one objected, and everyone took an escape pill.
Marsha asked.
“The order?”
didn’t have to fix it.
“Go out together. I will move again and go out for the last time.”
“okay.”
In the end, it’s best for Sirone to take responsibility, but Marsha is saddened.
‘why?’
The back of Sirone, who was wary of the distant part of the city, felt sad today.
‘You take on everything and fight for the world… … why? Why can’t you be happy?’
What Marsha saw.
‘Sirone.’
It signaled the end of human history and Omega.
‘Amy is dying.’
This will happen in the next 6 hours.
‘I won’t be able to stop it.’
It was such a powerful case, but if Sirone knew about it, the story would be different.
‘But I… …
Marsha gritted her teeth and held back her tears.
‘I can’t tell you!’
The moment you become obsessed with someone special, Yahweh’s standards will collapse.
‘How heartbreaking must it have been?’
Even after hearing about Amy’s death from Fermi, she erased her memory for the world.
How many tears have you shed?
‘I must have asked again and again.’
In denial and in denial, you would search for every possible way to change the situation.
“sister.”
Sirone turned around.
“Why are you so crying? Don’t worry too much. I will go to a safe place too.”
Marsha swallowed the pill, averting her gaze.
“okay. I’ll be waiting for you.”
Of course, by the time Sirone returns, the information will have already been passed on to Fermi.
“yes. See you outside.”
Marsha, who felt her mind wandering, suddenly opened her eyes and said.
“excuse me… … ! Sirone.”
“yes?”
My heart became even more disturbed at the innocent face that seemed to listen to anything I said.
‘I have to tell you.’
Shouldn’t it be?
‘What good is humanity? that kid forgave me He gave me a new life. So me too… …
If the cost of speaking out was death, she would not hesitate to give her life.
But what Sirone chose.
In front of a near-infinite sacrifice that a criminal like her could not even imagine.
“just. Thank you.”
Marsha hid her emotions and laughed bashfully.
“Nuna will take care of you for the rest of your life, Tsar.”
“haha.”
Marsha’s body, to be precise, her mind melted away like a haze and disappeared.
“Anyway, I can’t dry it.”
Shaking her head, Sirone looked up at the sky and stretched.
“Shall I start too?”
Although the future ruled by gods has not changed, Sirone is not frustrated.
‘thank you.’
I had a heart here too.
Even if it is an error that will never happen again, that heart will create the future of humans through Sirone.
so that.
‘hi.’ Apocalypse.
“Mika.”
■The construction progress is 31.6548 percent.
The much faster working speed of Sirone Spear was only the price of pain.
“Huh!”
This is because methods and efficiency are meaningless in a construction project that transcends human knowledge.
‘I can do it more, faster.’
After concentrating, I felt my brain burning, followed by the actual burning smell.
‘… … Really?’
At that moment, the solar wind rushed in.
‘Amy.’
Drawing the light with her transcendental telescopic vision, Sirone caught the collision of fire and fire.
Phoenix screamed.
“Kiyi!”
After all, since they are of the same nature, the stronger fire would devour the weaker fire.
“how… …
Phoenix glared at Amy, who was 3,000 kilometers away in an instant.
“Can you be faster than me?”
“Because it is the sun.”
The two incarnations, resonating with the sun, communicated words to each other through light radiation.
“Of course, that would be true of you too. but.”
Amy grinned.
“I am a professional wizard.”
A unique battery, spontaneous combustion, allowed her to travel anywhere in the sun.
“The batteries are different. I know that? That on my planet you are a tier 2 creature.”
Of course, even that is not weak.
“… … is it?” As the Phoenix grew in size, its ferocious eyes were visible even from 3,000 kilometers away.
“Are mortals ignoring me!” The phoenix charged with all its might and flew up while swallowing Amy’s body.
“Kurrrr! I am fire!”
Just as it was about to dive into the sun, a small whirlpool formed in Phoenix’s chest.
“huh?”
In the next moment, the convection current rapidly increased, twisting Phoenix’s wings and neck.
“Kuaaaaa!”
complete combustion.
The phoenix, wrapped in a pillar of fire, realized that the essence that formed it was being sucked into it.
“no! not… …
The whirlpool exploded, and Amy, burning in the form of a female body, stood up in the air.
“Ouch! Whoops!”
In front of her eyes, a bird that could not be said to be bigger than a man was staggering.
“Big!”
Phoenix, who did not have enough energy left to maintain his form, bowed his head as if resigned.
“Well, there is nothing to be ashamed of. In the phoenix… … Because now it’s just you.”
“okay.”
said Amy.
“And we will someday disintegrate again and become something in the universe.”
“Hehe.”
Phoenix raised his head.
“I never thought I would become a human from fire. Usually it’s the opposite. Is it rude to say something like this? Why don’t you rule the universe when you’ve risen to the level of an outsider?”
“Because I am not alone.”
Amy walked over to Phoenix.
“If I had existed alone, I would never have come this far. People who helped me, people who died for me, people who fought for me, people who hated me. I am just one human being who owes it all.”
I don’t know why, but the faces of the people I’ve met so far came to my mind at the same time.
“I am not human. It is between humans.” As the half-melted Phoenix lay on her lap, Amy stroked her beak.
“You don’t have to shine alone anymore. Come with me and spread the light to everyone.”
“Being human… …
Looking at the endless universe, Phoenix raised the corners of his mouth and closed his eyes.
“okay. That would be fine too.”
As the form of the phoenix melted, Amy’s flame seeped into it.
It was a fire in the heart stronger than the law.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-121.txt
=============YYYYY=============
[121] New encounter (2)
“all right. Then can I meet Amy now?”
“of course. The lady is waiting for you. Get in the carriage.”
As the carriage departed, a beautiful garden with roses in full bloom spread out the window.
If the Ogent family expressed their family style with Daejikdo, the family style of the Karmis family seemed freewheeling. Individual works that ignored standards and uniformity were erected throughout the garden.
“That’s really cool. I feel like I have entered dreamland.”
“I’m glad you like it. The Karmis Garden reflects the tastes of all members from generation to generation. It is to designate an area and decorate it to suit your taste. This can be said to be a unique family tradition that values individuality. The artificial fountain you see here was built by Miss Amy when she was 10 years old. We call it the Rainbow Fountain.”
Sirone stuck her face out the window. When the cone-shaped fountain sprayed water, the water droplets scattered and created a beautiful rainbow.
“haha! a rainbow fountain It’s like Amy.”
Adele watched with benevolent eyes as Sirone looked around the garden. She could guess why Amy’s face was brighter than before when she returned home from the semester.
“The Karmis family has an ability called the Red Eye. Thanks to that, no matter what I do, I stand out much faster than others. Knowing that fact, I tend not to interfere with family members. Reports also came in about the Arcane incident, but the head of the family only checked the safety of the lady and gave instructions to leave it alone.”
Sirone opened his mouth blankly. To let it go when it was an incident in which his daughter’s life was at stake. I could feel how bold the people of the Karmis family were looking at the world.
“Of course, it is not that there is no affection between family members. It’s just a tendency, but there were times when Amy, who was a late child, couldn’t understand such a family. She even wandered when she was younger than she is now.”
“Ah, I know that. But I didn’t know there would be such a story.”
Sirone remembered his first meeting with Amy. When he was 12 years old, when he was bullied in an alley, he resented it a lot. But now it was all in the past, and it felt like we were getting closer when we learned about the circumstances of the past.
“When I look at you these past few days, I think that you have changed a lot since I was young. Shall we say now that he enjoys his work like the rest of the family? Maybe it’s because of Sirone. thank you.”
Sirone could read the sincerity from Adele’s lowered head. Well, if she’s the one who’s been taking care of Amy since birth, she can’t just have the feelings of an employee.
The reason why he evaluated Sirone harshly also stemmed from that. Of course, her jealousy, as if her cute granddaughter had been taken away, must have played a part.
“I’m sorry I lost face because of me. It wasn’t like the butler would come out to meet you.”
“Sirone-sama is nice. But don’t worry. Lady Amy allowed entry, I was a butler who happened to pass by, and the head of the household just ordered someone to go right away.”
Sirone was curious about the Karmis family. Even the butler thinks of Amy terribly, how strict will the family treat him? I was afraid to even think about it.
“eww. I’m nervous. I hope I don’t get kicked out of the door.”
“Chuck! It will exceed your expectations. But that’s how it is, so don’t be too offended.”
While talking about this and that, the carriage arrived at its destination.
Sirone followed Adele into the mansion. A splendid hall decorated with numerous works of art greeted him. To the left and right, winding stairs like cochleas led up to the fourth floor.
“Holy Head, Lady Amy’s friend has arrived… … .”
“Kyaaaagh! oh my god! A real man!”
A woman who looked just like Amy patted her cheek and shouted. She was Isis, the mistress of the family.
As a dancer who made his name known in the kingdom when he was young, he still looked young even at the age of over 50. But is that so? The feeling of being immature came out in every single action.
“what? You mean Sirone was a man?”
“me too! I want to see you too!”
Two men came running from the hallway leading to the living room. They were the eldest son Diane and the second son Ares.
Diane looked young, unlike someone in her mid-thirties, and Ares, who was two years younger than her, had a thick beard, making it impossible to guess her bare face.
The two stared at Sirone in disbelief. Just by looking at their shocked eyes, you could tell how confused they were.
“Uh, there… … hello. I’m Amy’s friend Sirone… … .”
“Now, let’s skip the greetings and come here quickly. Honey, Amy’s boyfriend is here.”
Isis reluctantly grabbed Sirone by the wrist and sat her down on the sofa. A person was waiting there. It was Shakora, the head of the Karmis family, whose name even Sirone knew.
I heard that he was a man who exerted great influence in the political world, but he was disillusioned with all sorts of corruption and retired.
“Hmm.”
When Shakora lowered the newspaper, her intelligent appearance was revealed. She was the tallest in her family, and her body was perfectly proportioned for her age.
Sirone broke out in a cold sweat like a rabbit that had jumped into a lion’s den. He was unbearably burdened by the gazes that ran over his body as if he were appreciating his art.
As the men’s eyes glowed red, Sirone swallowed. The sight of three people activating their red eyes at the same time was quite frightening.
‘Oh, I remember. They keep me in their heads.’
Knowing the power of self-image memory, Sirone felt shackled. Perhaps they could transcend time and space and remember this moment forever.
“Hey, how are you?”
Sirone, who couldn’t stand the awkward atmosphere, greeted her again despite her embarrassment. Only then did the red eyes disappear from the men’s eyes, and Isis clung to them as if they had been waiting.
“Wow, he is handsome. Do you want this? Are you really Amy’s friend?”
“Yes, that’s right.”
“Ohh? So are you in your senior year too?”
“no. I am Class Five.”
“Hmm?”
Isis frowned. The brothers also tilted their heads. Perplexed, Sirone opened her mouth thinking that she had to add one more word.
“But starting next semester, it’s class four.”
“aha!”
Suddenly, the three of them smiled brightly. It was the same expression, the same reaction. Sirone panicked. From the beginning, it seemed that he had no interest in classes.
‘Where the hell are you? What are these people… … .’
Sirone suddenly remembered Adele’s words.
– It will exceed your expectations. Don’t feel bad.
Adele’s advice was no lie. However, it was a family that exceeded expectations in a different way from what Sirone thought. Would you say that you have a pleasant yet eccentric temperament?
“When did you and Amy meet? Are you dating right? huh? Do you go hand in hand at school?”
“yes? no, that’s… … .”
Sirone took as much time as possible. Since Amy’s position had priority here, it was better to spare her words.
“What did you see? There is no party involved, so what are you doing around your family?”
A voice from upstairs saved Sirone from the brink of collapse. Amy was looking down her hall from the snail’s stairwell on the second floor.
Ares, the second son, said with a twitching beard.
“what? did you change clothes? When Sirone came, he ran frantically into the room.”
Amy blocked the misunderstanding in advance.
“whatever? Shall we meet in pajamas then? Anyway, everything disbanded. Dad, is it okay if I talk to a friend?”
“So be it. Isn’t that the boyfriend you brought for the first time? It’s Karmis’s family tradition to do everything possible so that you won’t feel unfair later. ha ha ha!”
Amy didn’t raise an eyebrow at Shakora’s mischievous joke. It was important not to give her a chance at all, as she would persevere if she was swung just a little.
Even as Sirone climbed the snail stairs, Isis continued to ask questions.
“Amy, be honest. Are you a lover? Are you dating? huh?”
Amy accelerated her steps as if she couldn’t hear anything. But her mother, who passed on her blood to her daughter, was as tenacious as her Amy.
“Stop talking about it. What are you two doing? You two are dating right? yes?”
“uh!”
In the end, Amy couldn’t stand it and shouted ferociously and headed for the room.
Isis’s mouth fell open in a daze. This time, Shakora looked up at the stairs as if surprised.
However, the figures of the two had already disappeared from sight.
Sirone and Amy entered the room and awkwardly sat facing each other across the table.
Sirone looked around the room first. The library was full of magic books, and in a corner out of sight lay a few unopened love stories.
‘haha! That must have been lent to me by Seriel-senpai.’
At school, she is known as a heroine, but the room was surprisingly feminine. She was especially drawn to her large doll as she sat on the bed. She was a teddy bear with ferociously torn eyes.
“I have a doll. A teddy bear, too.”
“So what? Shouldn’t there be dolls in my room?”
“No, I just think I look like you. haha!”
Amy clicked her tongue and shut her mouth. To be honest, she couldn’t think of anything to say. It was also the first time she had ever shown her room to a man outside of her family.
“But are you really okay? You only pretend to be dating at school, but I don’t think you need to lie to your family.”
“don’t mind. Because you won’t be interested anyway. They just do it because they have fun with each other.”
As Amy said, it was a freewheeling and unique family. However, in a place that is not revealed, I could vaguely feel that they were connected by family love.
“It’s a nonsensical sound. What happened to my house all of a sudden? Do you have something to talk about?”
“Actually, that… … .”
Sirone was about to speak, but the door slid open. The face of Isis sneaked in through the narrow crack in the door,
“Oh my, did you interrupt me when I was having a good time? Let’s do it while having tea.”
Isis moved her feet and set the tea on the table. All the while, her eyes were nailed to Sirone.
Sirone was about to speak again, but the door opened again, and this time Diane entered.
“I brought you some sweets… … .”
Diane’s gaze also did not know how to leave Sirone. It was funny how his body walked forward but his head was turned to the side.
Amy sighed. It will be fun for them as they have never been like this before in their lives.
The older brothers were not even interested in anything other than the extraordinary, but their sister’s boyfriend had never come to the house.
“okay. just come in all I know you’re waiting outside.”
As soon as Amy’s words dropped, the soles of her feet pushed against the door. I saw Ares standing with a plate in her hands.
“I have some fruit… … haha.”
“It’s okay, come in. Well, let’s officially introduce what happened like this. Sirone, are you okay?”
“Ah, of course.”
So, except for Shakora, everyone in the family sat across from Sirone.
“This is Sirone, a promising young magician. And Sirone, this is my mother. She was a dancer when she was young.”
“I see. It was somehow beautiful.”
“Ho-ho-ho! Amy looks like me But it’s hard if you fall for me. Because I don’t want to hurt my daughter.”
“Ah yes.”
Sirone agreed. No matter how much I thought about it, he had nothing else to say in response.
“And this is my eldest brother, Diane. I’m a certified 5th grade swordsman and I’m in charge of the archery team in the royal castle. I came down to his hometown because I had something to consult with my father for a while about a political issue.”
After Amy finished speaking, the family looked back at her in surprise.
No matter how much a lover is, there is no need to mention the internal circumstances of the family. In the end, she was only pretending to be calm, but it was proof that she was also nervous on the inside.
—————————————

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1210.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The world we live in (4)
Delta headquarters.
Kitra of the Kingdom of Paras indifferently looked at the Exoverse, which had turned into a black sphere.
‘A singularity with no volume and infinite density.’
If all possibilities are contained in zero space, existence is just an illusion.
“Are you defying the will of God?”
The seven archangels restored the law, but the pyramids around the world were still standing.
When the number 100 is the result, the number of ways to make that 100 is infinite.
All the angel did was remove 7/8 of the causes.
“You cannot change the outcome.”
To God, the odds are only 0 and 100 percent.
It was still God’s overwhelming victory until all eight source concepts were gathered.
As blue light entered Kitra’s eyes, the pyramid’s magnetic field began to expand.
At the same time, the same blue light lit up in the eyes of those affected by the magnetic field.
It was a person who lost his mind in the event of quantum fluctuations that grew like bubbles.
“Kill Maya.”
In Omega 999, someone’s name became the most important law in the universe.
In the sun’s core, the seven archangels felt the cosmic law change.
A different method, but the result would be the same.
“how… … ?”
Ikael said.
“It circumvented what we had done. It can be changed in any way.”
satiel said.
“Still, I kept my heart. If this is the case, even the ordinary angels will not lose their status.” Is it really so?
Personally, it’s fortunate, but when you look at the universe as a whole, nothing has changed.
In the end, it means that you couldn’t disobey God’s will, and God is trying to close this world.
‘No nothing. You can’t stop what isn’t there.’ In this way, the breath of God was leaking through all materials and cracks in all laws.
If the universe is likened to a box, just as if there is only one hole, it will be filled with air.
‘The only way is to block it completely. Unless all beings deny God with one will… …
In the end, it was a game that God would win.
Absorbing Phoenix’s soul, Amy rode the solar wind and arrived at Sirone’s place.
“Sirone.”
Amy became naked the moment she got rid of the incarnation of fire within the Miracle Stream’s protective shield.
“Oh!”
She hurriedly hid behind Sirone’s back and covered herself with her blushing face.
“Do not look back.”
Sirone raised an eyebrow.
“I can make clothes for you.” That was a good method, but when I looked at the workload of Sirone Spear, my mouth didn’t drop.
“it’s okay. It will burn again anyway.” Amy was mesmerized for a moment by the feast of substances pouring from Sirone’s hands.
“That’s amazing.”
“huh. Mom reversed the law, but the world of Apocalypse didn’t change. It must be that God’s thinking is beyond human scope. maybe this… … It will be the last thing I can do against God.”
Sirone didn’t say ‘we’.
‘I must have known.’
The fact that uniting humans as one is much more difficult than the Sirone Sphere.
Amy hugged Sirone from behind.
“Cheer up, strength.”
Her heart began to throb, as if her spirit was breaking through her back.
said Amy.
“Let’s not just try to be happy.”
She said the same thing when they were left alone after Ficho’s funeral.
“??????uh?”
And from Sirone’s eyes, hot tears flowed just like that time.
“don’t worry. Because the only man I love is you Because it will never change.”
Sirone cried silently.
Feeling his sobs all over her body, Amy recalled what happened a long time ago.
“I remember? When I first met you.”
He said he met a country boy lost in the back alleys of Creas City.
“At that time, you were hurt a little bit. I couldn’t either Take off your clothes =”
“5 three
“??????haha.”
“But I went home that day and told my dad. I will go to magic school.” It was the day Sirone first succeeded in magic.
“That’s how we met again, and we went through a lot. I think about this sometimes What would have happened if I hadn’t met you that day? If you went to the ice cream parlor on a whim, or if you were 10 or even 5 minutes late in the alley. If I had said something different in that situation… …
In retrospect, the eerie fate of human beings O
“I won’t be here right now. I couldn’t have said these words as I hugged you from behind right now.”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“If I had a different life, I would have lived that way again. But Sirone, I, now I… … I think that moment is a miracle. A miracle that changed my life.”
therefore… … .
“Never change. Even if I turn back time, even if I turn back thousands or tens of thousands of times, I will not change that moment with any future.”
Sirone lowered her head.
‘I must remember this moment.’ Still don’t know why.
However, in a world where the beginning and end have already been determined, what humans can do is eventually…
“Sirone, I will not forget you. I will love you against all odds in the universe.”
Giving your heart to the best of your ability.
≪ O 99
……flaw.
Turning around, Sirone caressed Amy’s tear-stained cheek.
“You must remember me. ‘Cause I’m going to find you Even if I search the whole universe, I will go.”
Sirone knows nothing about what will happen in the next six hours.
Just Omega 999 years.
At the end of human history set by God, they were the ones who promised a farther future than that.
The two looked back at the sun.
“I’ll be back.”
I don’t know what happened to the core, but Amy would be helpful.
“be careful.”
“don’t worry.”
Amy, who held Sirone’s face and gently kissed her, performed fire incarnation.
Stepping out of the Miracle Stream’s shield, she said with a smile.
“Because no one can kill me.” Through the magic of spontaneous combustion, her body instantly moved to the sun.
“okay.”
Shiroe, who felt Amy’s warmth for a moment, said again, tightening her eyes.
“Mika.”
-The construction progress is 42.0148 percent.
‘I have to succeed.’
Perhaps for the first time, it dawned on me that human unity might be impossible.
The spire of the Delta Headquarters.
Sitting on the topmost spot, Sirone looked sadly at the crowd at the front gate.
‘There is no end.’
After Gith’s press conference, Lodenin’s citizens were divided into two and protested.
‘No, it’s not like that.’
If you go into a place that is invisible to the naked eye, no one has any intention of listening to others.
“Let’s punish Geese for defaming Jive with the kingdom’s law! It is a civil right!”
In the democratic monarchy of Jive, the citizens of the capital had considerable power.
“Who are you talking about defaming! If we divide public opinions in this way with matters that have not yet been revealed, we will only be at a disadvantage in the holy war!”
“Thinking of going over to that kind of intimidation.
Don’t! A king whose morality has collapsed is not qualified to be the representative of the citizens!”
The voices everyone threw out one word at a time reached the depths of the Delta Headquarters.
Standing in front of the window, the albino stared at the hundreds of torches burning at the front door.
Rufist said.
“It turned out to be what Gis wanted. Those flames seem to represent the anger of the citizens.”
“Anger is not good. Emotions are visible. And you can control whatever you see.”
The albino continued.
“From the beginning, the content of the press conference was not important. Once you send a signal, the receiver responds in one way or another. Agree or disagree.”
“That’s what divides them.”
“Because dichotomous thinking is like human destiny. If it’s not right, it’s wrong. But the 1.5 generation of mankind is different. They have one more option.”
said the albino.
“Right, wrong, no right answer.” “There is no right answer in this world. It’s a contradiction all over. people are afraid of it That’s why you use your strength and insist that you are right. On the other hand, 1.5 generations of humanity accept contradiction. Even if you don’t understand, even if you don’t understand, just do it. It only focuses on solving the problem.”
“In a sense, it’s a lack of emotion.”
“It is very cold. It’s because they’ve evolved enough to rise to the pinnacle of the civilization ecosystem. By now, the big meat of money and power will be split on its own, and the rest will be thrown to the citizens. Whether it’s the joy of victory or the sense of achievement of the citizens, such nutrientless dregs.”
“It’s good value.”
“Hehe, it’s like selling something you don’t know what it is with the label ‘best’. Actually I don’t know. How do those things make my life happy? But since there are people who buy, they must be selling too.”
Lufist, lost in thought, asked.
“What if the citizens remained silent after the press conference?”
“Couldn’t Amagis have dried up the blood? Because you can’t predict the public’s reaction. But it’s hard work. Integration at the transcendental level, that’s what Ultima is.”
“okay.”
“The next best thing would be for Banwang to unite the citizens, but since the purge has already been completed, wouldn’t it be better to hold a press conference?” Announcements are always final.
Citizens fought endlessly.
“Let’s just wait. Let’s reserve judgment until after the crusade.”
Even within the Gis faction, there was a division between the moderate faction and the radical faction.
“The young lady has died. How do you feel about His Highness the King? For now, take it seriously.”
Moderates again into emotional and rational factions.
“It’s not that kind of problem, it’s frustrating. Aren’t you putting up with it because of the current situation?”
The emotional faction was divided into anger and sympathy.
“Is that what you mean? don’t you have children? Aren’t you a psycho?”
“What is it? Did you say anything?”
Sirone had no choice but to watch with sad eyes as the citizens were divided.
‘There is no right answer.’
There will be only those who wander in search of the correct answer and those who run in a straight line with the wrong answer.
Under a system where the one who arrives first plants a flag there and dominates everyone.
‘They now… …
They would be toasting on top of the world.
“Hey, Your Highness Geese. Congratulations.” The leaders of the Jive allies gathered in the bath Arachne prepared.
Geese said as he entered the bath.
“haha! What would be such a big deal? I feel relieved because the tooth I was suffering from has fallen out.”
The leader of Yoeumbang, who was sitting in the bathtub with his chest exposed, asked for a smoke pipe.
“Mr. Raymond, surprisingly, he seems to be a genuine group. I heard he called his wife by name before he died.”
The King of Iron burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! why? Are you afraid you will go to hell? What kind of king would a guy like that be… … . Eh, this.”
Geese’s eyelids trembled.
“Uh, good. Let it go, let it go.”
Predators of civilization whose emotions are not dictated to get what they want.
“Your Highness, please accept my love too.” However, what can be called that 1.5 generation mankind?
Where such a sober mind goes.
“Heh, yes. Where should I ask?” Extremely animal and primitive senses
that it is.
“iced coffee!” that’s the… … It was the world of Omega 999 as seen by Sirone.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1211.txt
=============YYYYY=============
The world we live in (5)
Pyramids built all over the world stole people’s hearts through magnetic fields.
They became human beings and began to move as a group according to God’s purpose.
In the flow of people diverging like a tributary of a river, some stems headed for the temple.
“Towards God’s Holy Land.” Some stems were moving ahead of time towards a place far away from Jive.
As if he knew what was going to happen at the last moment.
“We are going to Delta Headquarters.”
Even in the pyramids built in the Jive Kingdom, countless humans were born.
Among them was the Holy Apostle of the Anti-Magician, who inspected the pyramids under the direction of Pope Constantine.
“Kill Maya.”
Those in heavy armor started heading towards the Delta Headquarters with a clattering sound.
The protest continued, and the albino turned away from the window as if the game was over.
“Everyone thinks they are right. The problem is that no one can say they are wrong because everyone is talking about being right.”
Lufist followed.
“After the Asmodian invasion, Jive adopted a democratic monarchy only in the capital city. It is also the reason why Kish became king. The pride of the citizens who restored the damage from the war must be great.”
“Who is not? Democracy is a good way. But don’t think of it like a sanctuary. There is no special value in ideology. The fundamental reason for the downfall of monarchism is not because it is against humanity, but because efficiency is outdated. The bloody revolution would have been only a passing step compared to the staggering wealth that systemic change would bring.”
“It’s a presumptuous statement, but I can sense a semi-contemptuous tone toward the present age.”
“Heh, it’s not like that. Freedom is a good thing. But for me, the idea that freedom is something to be won, not something to be given, is deeply rooted. That’s why I’m a kkondae.”
“If I made a mistake… …
“no it’s okay. Because it’s true. You live your age. I am just concerned about the reality that the concept of freedom seems to overwhelm all concepts.”
said the albino.
“It is said that it is a society that respects individual values, but in reality, it is like throwing several options and choosing from them. At one time, there was a heated discussion about the legalization of homosexuality in Lodenin. all good. One is heterosexual, the other is homosexual. But maybe a little homosexual, where’s the half homosexual? In the end, either this way or the other way. The many personalities who stay in the middle are crushed. It’s not an agreement, it’s a method used in warfare. The protesters won’t be able to coalesce either way.”
If it’s a way to win and see.
“I am not talking about restoration of the monarchy. Even Lodenin was once censored by the system. After passing through such a dark period, the time has come for individuals to censor individuals. Even though no one told them to, they are spying on each other. After identifying friends and family, all that remains is thorough punishment.” “There may be no right answer, but people seem to be under the delusion that something can be perfectly defined. Imagining how other people lived has become a talent useless to society. Is this some kind of evolution? If everyone is satisfied, we can live like that, but… … As expected, an old man like me has no choice but to have a bitter taste.”
“Anyone who thinks like that is not an old man.”
“haha! That’s because you’re on your way to becoming like me. Kids these days call me old man, right? Think of when we were young. As the adults say, it caused a game. Even if it’s just a little clumsy and I don’t like it, I don’t think I have to follow it. Aside from right and wrong, isn’t that the way things are? After all, they are the owners of the future.”
Perhaps because the ugly politics of the temple will end tomorrow morning, the albino was deeply moved.
When I opened the door to the security room, Dante was smoking a cigarette in the thick smoke.
“Oh, sorry.”
The albino held out his hand.
“All right. Be at ease.”
Dante, who has to predict the whereabouts of Rom, Garto, and Temica, is currently the busiest person.
“You are suffering. I need to buy you a drink.”
“it’s okay. Have a seat.” Dante quit smoking and started the briefing.
“About 12 hours until the vote. It will depend on the alliance structure in the future, but so far, the most promising candidate for the world leader is Jive. That’s a whopping 42 percent chance.”
Because it was calculating the direction of the table, it was possible to infer the approximate probability.
“but… … Pretty good.”
There have been so many incidents since the temple opened.
If Jive deserved it, it would have been because it handled all those variables reliably.
Dante went on to explain.
“The next most likely candidate for the world map is Corona. However, the country is currently in an unstable state. The ivory tower is in danger of being overthrown. The odds are 34 percent.”
There was no disagreement.
“Well, it may not mean much, but shall we go for third place?”
He must have wanted to hear the name of Tormia with his ears.
“From 3rd place onwards, it’s hard to beat. Kashan and Aron are showing odds of 21 percent and 19 percent, respectively.”
“Kashan.”
“yes. Wurin’s identity is currently unknown, but if he survives until tomorrow morning, we believe he has a chance to rebound. It is more likely than Iron.”
The albino was bitter.
“If the country where the empress ran away without even changing her underwear is in third place, did Tormia have no hope from the beginning?”
Rufist said.
“Until this happened, Kashan was overwhelmingly number one. It’s a huge event just to fall down here. And Tormia… …
Finally, impatient, he asked openly.
“How high are you?”
“Sixth place. Jive, Corona, Kashan, Iron, Jincheon, and then Tormia.
The odds are 16.4 percent.”
Albino touched his beard.
“Anyway, the fact that no country has exceeded 50 percent means that the risk factor remains. Is there any room for us to overtake in 12 hours?”
Dante flipped the charts.
“Currently, people from the vicinity of the Pyramid are coming towards Lodenin in groups. You don’t know what will happen if there is a clash with the protesters. There is also a possibility that Geese will be impeached.”
“If that happens, Gis will be stripped of the right to vote. 12 hours is too tight to turn it back even if you put forward a large charge.” It would also be quite a gamble, but there was also a way to play the flu as the last card.
Rufist said.
“It means there is still room for redemption.”
“yes. Unpredictable situations can happen at any time. And this is my personal opinion… …
When Dante stopped talking, the two raised their heads.
“what?”
“It is rather easy to extract meaningful information from a single event. It is the realm of intuition and calculation.”
“Is there something on your mind?” Dante pointed to the kingdom of Kessia written on the chart.
“Fermi. This guy obviously knows something. Otherwise, these figures would not be possible.”
“What is your rank?”
“Twelfth place. It is inferior to the tribal confederation of the south. There is a 0.1 percent chance that Kessiah will become the world leader.”
Rufist touched his chin.
“It’s an inhuman shame.”
“yes. There is no movement, let alone an alliance. Even though the former king was murdered, it is too quiet. Either gave up or are aiming for something big. It is one of the two.”
“It will be the latter.”
After saying that, the albino asked again.
“Then what? That big thing.”
A knock was heard, and Lyria half-opened the door and poked her face in.
“Hey, do you have a moment?”
Predicting the death of the Moon kingdom, she still remained at the temple looking after Pony.
“what’s the matter?”
“His Highness has come to his senses.” Dante was also worried about the safety of his alumni, but it was difficult to find time right now.
‘Pony is no longer a variable.’ Now was the time to focus on the variable Fermi.
“okay. later i… …
“Sirone is also here. To Your Highness’s room.” Lyria added hastily.
Although it was expressed in a roundabout way, it was self-evident that Shiro-you called everyone.
said the albino, rising from his chair.
“Let’s change seats. Let’s hear it again there. By any chance, 16.4 percent will move?”
After saying that and leaving the room, Rufist, Dante, and Lilia followed. Rufist asked.
“You said 16.4 percent move. Do you think Sirone will be our variable?”
“Because he must have felt something after seeing this protest. But it’s not because of that. The moment I heard that lady, I suddenly thought of this. Fermi has 0.1 percent lies, and Sirone has 99.9 percent truth. According to my feeling… …
The albino’s eyes lit up.
“That Fermi’s lies are not irrelevant to Sirone’s truth. Those guys are cheating on something. In a way no one knows.”
A thought crossed my mind that maybe even they, the people involved, didn’t know.
‘Unless… …
In the secret room of the Cathia Sector, Fermi received the information from the mining team earlier.
High gear managers are experts in coding, so there should be no problem with transmission.
‘I’m not sure if they saw it… … Actually, that doesn’t even matter.
‘Only Sirone needs to avoid contacting this information. That’s why I signed a contract with Marsha.’
Not because she prioritizes the deal, but because she cares for Sirone so much.
As I opened the information with a bit of trepidation, a record that hadn’t happened yet was opened.
Because the download stopped at 83 percent, there was a broken part in the middle of the record.
Above all, it was not possible to confirm how the end of Omega 999 would end.
‘But enough.’
Fermi quickly skimmed through the information.
Then, his eyes were fixed on Amy’s death, which still hadn’t changed.
‘It’s not easy either. Because Amy’s life and death are intertwined with the fate of this world.’
When Syrone came to the gold ring after Fichot’s funeral, Fermi told the truth.
‘It wasn’t even a fuss then.’
It was a relationship that had been fought a lot since the days of magic school, but Fermi realized it for the first time at that time.
That this guy can go crazy too.
‘Honestly, I’m not sure. But no matter how you think about it, this is the only way. I can’t even calculate the win rate. The only basis for my judgment is… …
That Sirone approved.
‘He came to the same conclusion, so he accepted the deal. The one who hates me so much… …
Don’t you say you believe
“Whoa.”
Fermi went back to the beginning and studied Omega 999’s records.
And this time, Fermi’s eyes, not Syrone’s, rested on the records of his beloved.
‘Seriel.’
It was something that would happen in the next hour or so.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1212.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Veron problem (1)
King Basak of the Iron Kingdom finished the banquet and returned to his bedroom.
“Whoa, I’m tired.”
He had no stamina left because he enjoyed parties soaked in pleasure every day.
“I am old too. At one time, I couldn’t even move ten times, but now I feel like my soul is being robbed… …
“Don’t worry. A man’s things never die until they die.”
Hearing a woman’s voice in the bed, which was fiercely defended by the guards, Va Sac jumped to his feet.
“Who, who…
He let out a sigh of relief when he checked the woman’s pale snake-like face.
“It was you.”
It was Shura, seventh in the order of the Ten Commandments.
Even after Buddha passed away, she was still searching for the secrets of the world.
The reason why he stayed in Iron was because he had an iron pole of Veron, the head of the Council of Ten.
‘The Veron problem.’
-Can humans truly change the future?
It will be the hottest topic in the destination of the year 999 of Omega defined by God.
Basak fell back on the bed.
“You were surprised. what happened all of a sudden Recently, nose plucking has not been shown.”
“How do you go to a banquet with such a small liver? You are a very strange person too.”
“Cheolkeol, if you don’t like meeting women, you should just live there. More than anything else, the fortress is hideous.”
A random person dies every hour
I was on my way out.
“Yes, where have you been?”
The situation would have been different if Shura had been present while tracking down Urin in each country.
“… … I came to see a friend.”
‘A friend.’
Bassak’s head, which seemed to have no idea at all, spun rapidly.
‘What else are you up to?’ I heard that the Crusaders were disbanded, but there was a lot of lack of information about whether they were alive or dead.
“Never mind.”
When Basak came to his senses, Shura was looking at him with cold eyes.
“Who said what? Of course I believe in you.”
“Whoops, a false god?”
“I am a believer in lies. Only when buried in lies, the truth shines.”
Shura leaned against Basak’s body.
“Then what truth hides in my lies?”
“That it could kill me.” “But if you didn’t kill me, it must mean that you still need me. Then we can be good friends. This is the truth I have discovered.”
“Excellent.”
“Chuck! Can I ask you a favor in that sense? Because you always made my dreams come true.”
Shura is strong.
However, if she expands her range to the world, there will be no one who can defeat her.
Even so, the reason Basak believed was because he excelled in non-forceful skills.
‘also… … After all, he is a direct disciple of Buddha.’
said Shura.
“Let’s just listen. What do you want?”
“world.”
His body, which did not respond even to Shura’s touch, was ablaze with desire.
“Gish is also good at politics. Admit it. But, didn’t I lay all the plates?”
Basak turned his head and widened his eyes.
“The head of the World Map Bureau. Wouldn’t you be able to take that position for me?”
Shura’s eyes narrowed.
‘There really is no end.’
She couldn’t have known that Jive was the most promising candidate for the world’s leadership?
‘If Jive eats the world, Iron will be treated the same. He is still not satisfied, and he wants to rise again.’
Basak spoke again.
“Give me the world. Then let me hand over what you really want.”
The truth that shines in lies.
“… … We will do our best.”
As if time had been reversed, she stepped out of bed and turned toward the door.
‘It’s difficult. but……
It seemed that there was no way at all.
In the King’s bed in Tormia Sector, Sirone watched as Pony groaned.
‘I was conscious. Is it a sign of improvement, or… …
Is it a light reflection?
When the doctor finished examining and left the room, Sirone touched Pony’s forehead.
Pony, who had been blinking, recognized him and smiled like she did in school.
“Sirone.”
“are you okay? How are you?”
“Well, I don’t know. How do you look?”
Pony was dying.
“Be patient. ‘Cause I’ll do anything I will definitely save you, until then… …
At that moment, Pony’s eyes widened and blood poured out.
poison of emotions.
The resentment in her heart forced her metabolism to regurgitate endlessly.
Sirone cast Miracle Stream.
‘damn.’
who can appease
The emotions of a woman who had to die in terrible pain surrounded by vicious men.
‘Even that would be resentful. Even words of consolation would make him cough up blood, but it was the strongest flesh ever, amplified to the limit through the hell system.
‘The only way… …
It was to reset the system of the other side world and remove Pony’s demons.
“Hold on a little longer.”
Pony laughed bitterly.
“You don’t deserve that.”
“Where are you qualified to live?”
“It’s all because of my greed. Even if I didn’t try to be king, jeez
There would have been no work.”
“You’re doing that to live, too. In a situation where the royal family is being purged, it was the only option.”
Pony shook her head.
“When I was in school, I hated my pedigree. Others will say that I am full, but in fact it is. A royal family that cannot become a king. It’s like a wizard who can’t use magic.” “Why did you hate royalty? I gave a lot of reasons, but now I think I know. In fact, I wanted it more than anyone else. The title of King.”
“That’s not a bad thing.”
“Did you dream of a king in a fairy tale? I thought he would be different from others, but I thought he could change… …
Pony was sobbing.
“I mean, I really wanted to do well. But Sirone, that’s not going well! It’s so disastrous!”
Watching her cry as she coughed up blood, Sirone bit her lip.
‘contradiction.’
There is a truth that everyone takes for granted, but when you think about it, it becomes terrifying.
‘This world is strange.’
Is it possible that it is a world where you cannot achieve what you want in the first place?
‘I couldn’t have made it this way. A world where everyone is happy was possible enough.’
Is God a pervert with bad taste?
‘no.’
Maybe God created a perfect world, and only humans are making a huge mistake.
‘Thus the mind is erroneous.’
The right thing is empty.
But even knowing that, Jet wanted to pass on his error to the future.
‘Tachyon’s resolution. If that’s the key to connecting with the outside world, at least for myself… …
you can fight god
Just when he was determined, the door opened and Albino, Lufist, and Dante entered.
“You are here.”
The albino smiled and approached.
“I heard you called. You know the situation on the Tormia side. He’s been busy, so hopefully… …
“I’ll do it.”
The albino kept his mouth shut.
“I want to cooperate in making Tormia a world leader. What can I do?”
‘Hmm, this… …
The albino brushed his beard.
‘Exceeding expectations?’
The belligerence flared up again, but he didn’t show it and looked back at Pony.
“How is the condition?”
He had lost consciousness a little while ago, probably because he was excited.
maybe that will be better
“Sit down for now.”
Rufist moved to the table and asked.
“What exactly does it mean to help Tormia? Does that include war?”
“I will not break the will of Yahweh. But if war is advantageous, there is nothing that cannot be waged.”
For once, that much.
“I understand. But why did you change your mind’?”
“We need a focal point. I want to unite humanity around Tormia. More than anything… … We cannot hand over the position of world leader to someone like Gis.”
It seemed that Sirone also felt a lot through this demonstration.
said the albino.
“Since mining Ymir’s Ultima is a long way off, political competence is essential. But would you know? Even if we bring all of humanity together, it will not be true unity.”
“Ultima is done.”
Everyone blinked their eyes at the violent words.
“Of course, we will not give up integration. But now is the time to find the next best thing.”
“So did you find it?”
The sphere surrounding the sun was not disclosed.
“I think I conveyed my opinion sufficiently. Please choose what you will do.”
said the albino.
“hmm. Currently, Tormia’s candidate ranking is 6th. The odds of getting enough votes to become the leader are 16.4 percent.” And I looked back at Dante.
“I am curious too. If Sirone fully supports us, what are the odds?”
After finishing the calculation, Dante opened his mouth.
“… … The albino was not surprised.
“Rather, it fell further. Are you saying that joining hands with Yahweh is the same as holding a bomb?”
“The initial variable is because Yahweh’s name was listed in Arachne’s scandal article. It wouldn’t matter if it was over, but the incident escalated because Geese set fire to it.”
Dante takes all information into account.
“Originally, Yahweh was a symbolic image. But as your name rises in politics, your enemies increase. As much as the protesters are split in half, half the citizens of Jive will hate Yahweh.”
“However, in the temple, citizens have only the right to vote delegated to Gis. Wouldn’t it have nothing to do with the votes of other countries?”
“Of course it is. but… …
Dante’s expression became serious.
“The problem is that the pope’s power is growing. If Yahweh is criticized at the site of the temple, the world’s largest religion, Lamie, will spread it all over the world. Besides, even if it’s a cosmetic procedure, the World Map Bureau is officially approved by the Pope. The variables that Sirone will create are obviously large, but politics is different. It will probably be difficult to get votes.”
rather an unlikely situation.
“Right.”
Albino understood.
“I agree with the intelligence director. It’s embarrassing to say this in front of the person concerned, but what should I do now? Should I decline Sirone’s offer?”
“of course… …
said Dante.
“You have to accept it. We have to risk everything in our country to capture Sirone.”
The albino raised an eyebrow.
“Why?”
“Because it feels good.”
The explanation continued while the audience was silent.
“Just because an ace is in your hand doesn’t mean you win the card game. You have to be a hand and a maid on the floor. But once you have an ace… …
“I feel good.”
“yes. Even if the deck on the floor is a difficult combination to make, if you consider the possibility that your opponent may not be a maid yet, your momentum will increase significantly.”
“Because you don’t know until you open the ballot box.”
Dante nodded.
“Of course, looking at the current situation, Ace is a bad hand. However, if the gap cannot be narrowed with probability anyway, I think Tormia should also bet on the game.”
Lupist raised his chin and blinked his eyes.
“sorry. The informant said something like momentum. This is my personal opinion… …
“no.”
The albino laughed.
“You are the best source of information. Didn’t move 16.4 percent. go with this let’s do it.”
With that conclusion, Sirone opened her mouth.
“Then what can I do?”
“Unanimous. All 11 countries must vote for Tor Mia in order to suppress Lamie’s global public opinion.”
Rufist said.
“Whether it’s threats or bravado, take the ticket from the king by any means. Everything.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1213.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Veron problem (2)
Even while Cessia’s minister was reporting on government affairs, Fermi was trapped in a solitary brain.
“… … So, we sent an official letter under consultation with each ministry. What is that, the International Court of Justice.”
The ministers, who were distracted by the medicinal effect of Angel, were relaxed even in the midst of a race against time.
“I had a hard time dealing with this. There is a mountain of work to deal with after the former king has passed away.”
Fermi’s eyes narrowed.
‘How many alternative drugs did you administer?’
If the usage is followed, the angel will reduce the pain to a level that allows for daily life.
Of course, it won’t completely disappear, so the discomfort will be indescribable… … .
‘Why do you keep ignoring usage!’
It was astounding to see those who couldn’t stand that much sitting there as ministers.
‘Whoa.’
Fermi hid his emotions.
“You worked hard. What happened to Lanstin’s whereabouts? We need to get the information within six hours.”
There was no answer.
When Fermi raised his gaze, the ministers were silent with an amused look on their faces.
“Are there any problems?”
“Well, I haven’t had a day off since I came to the temple. Everyone is very tired.”
fatigue?
‘It annoys me.’
Of course, there is a limit to human ability, but isn’t the minister the head of each ministry?
said the chief of staff.
“Your Highness, the workload is too much. Everyone is tired. I can’t stand it like this.”
‘okay.’
That’s called defeat.
If he had rather meekly admitted it and swallowed the bunru, he wouldn’t have been so angry.
‘So what are you saying?’
It is a kind of violence to want a problem to be solved even if the workload is not supported.
Because you want someone else to do it for you.
‘They’re threatening with the fact that they were on the same boat. If she doesn’t want to sink, you have to sacrifice more.’
The contradiction of an organized society in which those who work hard should suffer more.
‘Should I throw it away?’
One minister could be replaced, but the work efficiency of the entire organization had to be calculated.
Above all, time was tight.
‘If you beat it up and throw it out the door, you’ll feel relieved as if your life span has increased by a thousand years… …
Far from solving the problem, Fermi smiled politely.
“Yes. You made an unreasonable demand. I know how much you work for the kingdom.”
There is no emotion.
Knowing that they really thought so upset Fermi’s stomach.
‘Let’s wait.’
It is a fact that I realized even before I learned to write that human beings are self-centered.
‘are you okay. I can do it. no need to blame others I do it because I want it.’
It’s not that you can or can’t, it’s the world that you have to do it anyway.
‘That’s what victory is.’
Fermi modified the original plan.
‘We have no choice but to leave it to the practitioner to find the guitar man. The diplomatic network of each ministry is important. I can handle other tasks. Arrange the most important agenda among the six tasks… …
It takes 23 minutes.
‘no. Cut it down to 18 minutes. After reviewing the diplomatic records of each country, substituting the records of Omega 999… …
At that moment, Fermi’s head spun.
‘how… …
Can the word hard come out so easily?
‘It’s always hard to win. I know even the passing child. It’s about gaining an edge by fighting other people who have the same amount of time as us. But you guys are just… …
Fermi clenched his fists.
‘Chill out. If you let your emotions sway you, you’ll ruin things. I can’t sink here.’
Former King Manolka defined Fermi as:
capable.
A person who is not swayed by circumstances and is able to persevere and endure until he achieves his desired goal.
“Miscellaneous work… … Fermi opened his mouth slowly.
“It’s not particularly important, so I’ll leave it out. Everyone, please put all your energy into finding Lanstin. Any other time is fine to use. Thank you for your effort.”
“I see.”
With nothing more gained, the ministers left the room in a dry manner.
Left alone, Fermi bowed his head.
“Big!”
The condition of emotional illness has worsened.
‘damn.’
The reason Angel cannot be administered is because the brain must maintain 100% of its function.
Sirone’s agape could delay the disease, but it was an option Fermi didn’t have.
‘It must not be entangled in any way.’
We must lead the world with 0.1 percent lies and 99.9 percent truth.
As a last resort, Fermi tightened his grip on his fourth finger and twisted his body.
Accidentally, I broke my bones and the pain hit my brain, but this gave me relief for the time being.
“Whoa.”
Fermi, unable to even think of treatment, leaned his upper body on the desk.
‘mother.’
How did you throw it away?
The driving force that was able to continue the lonely fight while everyone was only for themselves… … .
‘The law of large numbers.’
He was a man with a vision that transcended the criminal.
‘I was impatient. Because my field of vision is narrow, fear arises, and I become intolerant.’ Although it is almost impossible to predict what a human being will do in the next moment.
‘As the sample grows… …
Statistics are accurate, and populations are plotted in predictable patterns.
‘He was a prophet.’
It would not be an exaggeration to say that the sample contained in Yoga’s wide field of vision was the entire human race, and the judgment that came out of it was beyond prediction and reached the level of prophecy.
‘He was the one who even knew about his own death. You must have already seen the end of human history.’
That is why he left his son.
When his emotions calmed down, Fermi slowly got up and healed his broken hand.
Fermi’s eyes turned cold as he looked at the watch on his wrist as he wrapped the bandage.
“… … It’s Harvitz time.”
“Kiki Kiki Kiki!”
Harvits laughed like a madman.
“I don’t know, who am I going to kill? huh? You will never know. Because I don’t know.”
The reason why I was excited like never before was a kind of anger.
After trying to assassinate the king of Corona, he ended up in vain, and as a last resort, he killed the lady-in-waiting.
It wasn’t against the rules, but the sense of shame for playing the game uninterestingly was considerable.
‘It’s already past.’
Havitz, who had no regrets about the past, rather intended to take advantage of this.
“Who is it? Who will die?”
The tension that he didn’t even know was growing as the appointment time approached.
And finally… … .
‘found!’
In the kitchen at Delta Headquarters, a man carrying luggage caught my eye.
Elikia activates.
“Today too… … Kuck!”
As the vanishing shattered, the man felt his neck tear away from his body.
“ha! ha!”
Now, what are you going to do?
‘Wizard.’
She appeared at the same time as the location was captured, so Havitz wet his lips.
“come. This time I… …
And at that moment, through Elikia’s signal, I realized that the wizard was not moving.
Havitz’s impression crumpled.
“Big uh… …
It was because Sirone was standing in front of the wizard.
When Elicia’s light enveloped the headquarters of Delta.
‘One, two, three… …
Heads of state frozen in place
I couldn’t breathe for 10 seconds.
‘dead.’
The man in the kitchen had his throat cut.
“Whoa, it’s okay. That’s it now, forward
One hour.”
someone was relieved
“Damn it. How long do I have to simmer like this? At this rate, I will die of a heart attack first.”
while someone is complaining.
“brother.”
The Wizard said to Sirone.
“No, Master.”
Sirone was speechless.
While Tormia was arranging Code One, The Meeting of Kings, he found the Wizard.
‘Because we had to meet once.’
But when he had her in front of him, he couldn’t think of what to say.
‘ first of all??????
got stronger
Even when he finished training, he was perfect, but his eyes seemed to have crossed one more wall.
However, those strong eyes softened as soon as he caught Sirone’s face in his eyes.
“sorry.”
The assassination of Harvitz failed.
Of course, they are still fighting, but the result Sirone wanted was never going to be.
“I am in charge… …
“Wizard.”
When Sirone stopped talking, Wizard shook his shoulders as if he had committed a crime.
“sorry.”
Since he was already a child beyond logic, all he could say was sincere.
“I made you bleed. because of me.”
It should have been once, but how much did you want that once in your life to be the last?
“I dragged you into hell. So let’s stop now. Get off the battlefield.”
Wizard was furious.
‘You’re disappointed. If only I had been a little stronger… …
In any case, I couldn’t resist.
‘It’s over.’
On the one hand, I feel relieved at the thought of being able to get away from Havitz.
‘no.’
Her steps stopped abruptly.
‘This is a risky gamble. It can’t end here.’
God’s frequency.
The moment she unlocked her heart, Havits would know everything.
‘I can’t escape.’
until the truth is revealed.
At the spot where he committed the murder, Havits remained motionless and focused on his senses.
‘It’s blocked.’
Just as he was about to feel something through God’s frequency, the Wizard closed his mind.
‘You said you loved me.’
If her heart goes to Sirone, the game automatically wins for Harbitz.
‘No, if there is even a little kindness, my heart will be inclined to lies.’
If so.
At the time, even Havitz himself could not imagine what would emerge from the chaos.
Wizard said.
“The mission is not over yet. Please give me one last chance.”
I guess the reason for the sudden change of attitude, but Sirone firmly shook her head.
“I am not blaming you. I can’t let Satan play this game. Now hand it over to me.”
“It’s not Master’s responsibility. Since the failed assassination, this is my fight.”
Sirone gave a pitiful look.
“I know why you are doing this. But from now on… …
The moment he grabbed the wizard’s wrist, the incarnation of the free god appeared and swayed loudly.
“?… “Chogong.”
It is unavoidable.
It felt like the door to my heart would really open if I held on here any longer.
‘White porcelain power!’
The wizard had delivered the most powerful blow to Sirone with all his might.
bang!
One frame disappeared, and the walls of the building exploded as the air expanded.
“ha. ha.”
Wizard glared ahead.
‘I’m sorry, Master.’
At that moment, the dust cloud lifted and Sirone appeared, enveloped in smoke of light.
“Yes, you are really strong.”
While the Wizard dazed in a state without a single wound, Sirone laughed bitterly.
“But who do you think taught you?”
“ah??????
If incarnation is the expression of the ego, Sirone could be said to be her superego.
“Honestly, if I hadn’t known, I would have been beaten. but i know you well so… …
Wizard’s heart beat fast.
‘happy.’
It felt like half of the sense of cosmic mission had been reduced just by blocking his own blow.
‘You can lean on at any time… … my only adult
“so… …
Sirone opened his mouth after thinking.
“I won’t follow your will this time. win instead. A disciple of Yahweh to Satan
Can’t you lose?”
The Wizard’s fists clenched.
‘it’s okay!’
that has been proved
On the other hand, Sirone’s heart ached as she looked at the happy Wizard.
‘A seven-year-old who transcended the limit.’
Although he blocked it, it was true that it was a technique that no one could imitate.
Sirone gave one last piece of advice.
“you can do it. whatever it is yes?”
The Wizard, who was pondering those words, put on a cold expression and raised one corner of his mouth.
all.
“yes.”
It was a perfect pitch.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1214.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Veron problem (3)
Although the procedure for Code One to be successful was complicated, there were less than 12 hours left before voting.
The diplomats of each country exercised flexibility, and so the albino met the prime minister of Arachne.
“Hey, you’ve served a difficult person.”
Prime Minister Phaedra was not a king, but he was arrogant as Arachne’s powerhouse.
“Thormia seems to be in a hurry too. Is there a problem? If it’s an urgent matter, you can move.”
The albino shook his head, knowing that Arachne’s organs were beautiful.
“It’s done. Are you going to kill the old man?”
“Chuck! What are you so afraid of, Sana? Just leave it to me. I will take care of you.”
“I’m requesting Code One from Arachne.”
Phaedra’s laugh disappeared.
‘Has this old man gone senile?’
Jive, the No. 1 candidate for the world’s leading country
Arachne allied with Code One.
Above all, isn’t there no way that negotiations would be possible just because you met the king who was only a facade?
“Are you going to complicate things? If you have any regrets, please tell me. And to hear… … I know that His Highness Pony is also in poor health.”
“I will not hide it. His Highness Pony is not coming out.”
“then?”
“Yahweh.”
Phaedra’s eyebrows twitched.
“Yahweh will negotiate on behalf of Tormia. You should know that he is from Tormia. Of course, the negotiations will be with your King, not with you.”
Pedra did not understand what the old man was talking about.
‘Are you inviting Yahweh? In this situation?’
Unless there are only idiots in Tormia, you should already know that the momentum has declined.
‘Should have done it before the jive scandal broke. The pope never approves of Yahweh.’
thus… … .
‘Where’s the fix?’ The jive and the string fell off, and this country was making the last desperate effort.
“haha.”
said Phaedra.
“Honestly, I was a bit disappointed. Will you threaten me if I don’t have enough to offer you? If it comes out like that, do you think I’ll get it and approve Code One?”
“I don’t know.”
The albino didn’t blink an eye.
“What I am saying is that Yahweh wants to meet the king of Arachne. Of course, this is just the beginning. If you have the confidence to handle it, get up and leave now.” The world’s strongest wizard, the representative of humanity, the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower, and the philanthropy of the times.
Yahweh is Yahweh.
‘I’m going to go crazy.’
Albinos are just the beginning, he said.
‘What are you going to do? Are you going to go to war against the whole country? Even Yahweh is hard to beat.’
But also.
‘… … I can’t even see it as losing.’
When Phaedra’s conflict was finally revealed on his face, the albino’s eyes stood out.
‘I’ll have no choice but to do it.’
Being the weakest among the Jive allies means that they are extremely sensitive to changes in the current.
‘I can’t help it if I push it with momentum. There’s a difference between a really strong guy and a guy who pretends to be strong.’
“Why aren’t you meeting me? You should know that everything in the kingdom runs through my hands.”
“Because I don’t have the right to vote.” “Listen. You’d think they’d all won, but each country only gets one right. Rom, Garto, and Temica. On the day of the vote, Arachne is only one of the 12 countries.”
The albino lowered his voice.
“And you are not the one voting. Whether it be a puppet king or a real puppet, the king himself walks into the ballot box, signs it, and puts it in the ballot box.”
What choice the king will make at the last moment is a matter of quantum, not law.
Phaedra bit her lip.
‘Until I open the lid, there’s no such thing as 100 percent.’
“think carefully. If you’re really confident, do it. But you don’t have to tell me what will happen if you don’t get the results you want.”
Phaedra took a cigarette and lit it.
Then, with the smoke in my mouth, I stared blankly at the floor next to the chair.
The albino smiled inwardly.
‘Dante. You did it right.’
Sirone is the ace of this game.
‘Even if the situation is adversely affected, even if the odds may drop.’
Dante knew.
‘If Sirone extends his hand, there is not a single nation in the holy war that will not take that hand.’
It was a magical power called the best.
‘It’s not just because I’m strong. The power of the concept of the best is that it ignores relativity.’
That’s why, in a situation where the card that everyone wants to have has now entered Tormia… … .
‘it’s over.’
The albino laughed to himself.
‘Humans don’t spend more than a minute making judgments. In the unconscious, the decision has already been made. All it takes is the process of convincing him that he made the right choice.
Phaedra, who had kept her mouth shut until she had burned a cigarette, spat out a low curse.
Then he smiled and turned his head.
“I know it’s a bluff. You’re trying to hook me up now. I would be a real fool if I went over here.”
The albino was unconcerned.
“Whoa! yes.”
Phaedra nodded.
“The plate is too big. I know I’m being fooled, but I can’t bet. I will fall. Instead, if they eat the plate, I won’t touch it.”
“I will.”
He lit a cigarette in the ashtray and leaned out.
“Go ahead, Code One.”
Fermi organized Omega 999 based on diplomatic documents collected by ministers.
‘Value judgment later.’
First of all, if the events are arranged logically and the structure is matched, the outline will be revealed.
‘The country that will become the world leader… … iron kingdom.
Fermi, who was looking at the name of the kingdom with cold eyes, was busy playing with the pen.
Time was running out.
‘Where should I cut the information? I never thought that a broken file would be this fatal… …
Fermi, who finished the work with great concentration, put it in an envelope and sealed it.
‘Once completed.’
Thinking of a funny idea, he smiled.
‘How much is this document?’
If it were a file that organized all the information about the future, especially the World Map Bureau.
‘About half of this planet… …
I didn’t even need to know exactly how much.
“haha.”
It just wasn’t a fun idea.
“I became the richest man in the world.”
I vaguely thought that one day it would happen, but when it became a reality, I felt strange.
“Hmm.”
I counted 10 seconds with a gentle smile on my face.
“All right, now.”
Just as Sirone became an infinite wizard
This, even Fermi, finally realized his dream.
‘Now, there is only one thing left.’
And when that was done, I would be satisfied for the first time in my life.
“Your Highness, a member of the World Health Organization is seeking an audience outside.”
It was Seriel.
“Ask me to come in.”
Seriel, who had passed through the inspection process, was smiling, but her eyes were uneasy.
“What are you doing at this hour? Did you miss it that much?”
“Pe, Fermi.”
Her face gradually contorted, and a tear flowed from one eye.
“Run away!”
Seriel’s face showed real emotion, as if she had been freed from something.
At the same time, a silhouette shimmered beside her, and a woman resembling a snake appeared.
“Shh. It’s bitter when a lady screams like that.”
Shura, 7th in the Order of the Ten Commandments, hugged Seriel by the neck and gave her a cold gaze.
“I’m sorry, Fermi. I never meant to let go, but this woman is taking over my mind… …
“are you okay.”
Rather fortunately.
If the body faction had kidnapped Seriel, she would have fought even to the point of death.
Fermi turned to Shura.
“Would you like some tea? Where, what tea should I drink? This is not on the record.”
“You know the future, too. And the fact that I’m coming back with this woman.”
“There is no need to mention the future. Oh, I was the only one who went to Apocalypse
Because you are.”
It was the reason Shura thought of Fermi when Bassac asked for the world.
“I know you’re digging for information. give it away Otherwise, this woman will die.”
Seriel shook her head.
“No, Fermi.”
I can’t understand their conversation, but somehow it’s bad for Fermi.
“Back to the beginning… …
Fermi walked over to the table and poured tea.
“There are two types of tea in my room. Caffeine and decaf. the future me
What tea would you like?” “It doesn’t matter. What really matters is whether I would have followed the same car even if I had known the future information.”
Shura understood.
“Which country will become the leader?”
“Iron.”
Here comes the problem.
“Now, then why iron? Number one, because that is the future. Number 2 is because you came and took the information of the future. Number 3, even when you come and take the information of the future, it is because it is recorded in the information of the future.”
“The answer is… …
Shura spat.
“Three times. Otherwise, you cannot know the future that I will come to.”
“okay. Even if you know the information of the future, even the information obtained from that future becomes the future. So you are wrong. The answer is… …
Fermi picked up the papers.
“Four times. It has to be because I, knowing that even that is the future, handed over this document to you.”
That’s the most accurate description.
“In other words, the moment I destroy this document, the world map station will change.”
“Can I?”
“doesn’t care. Iron is the only one who loses money by destroying the documents. Because other countries don’t even know I have this information.”
Shura widened her eyes and tightened Seriel’s neck.
“It really kills.”
When Fermi calmly opened his mouth, Seriel spoke.
“Kill.”
now i know everything
‘It’s future information.’ In a situation where the future could change just by knowing that fact, he was fighting alone.
‘That’s enough.’
Knowing the truth, she was able to laugh.
“It’s okay, Fermi. do what you want to do You must not give up because of me.”
“shut up. I will kill you for real.”
Even when Shura strangled Seriel, Fermi did not show emotion.
‘Seriel, Amy is going to die soon. I proposed to Sirone. She said she shouldn’t live.’
Then what about Seriel?
“Kei!”
The moment Shura made an evil expression like a snake and was about to break Seriel’s neck.
“ruler.”
Fermi held out the papers.
‘Let’s not run away.’
Even if you are criticized by the whole world.
“Ouch! Kuck!”
As Seriel fell to the floor out of breath, Fermi threw the papers like a commendation.
“take it. It is future information.”
Quickly snatching it up, Shura opened the envelope with her fingernails and checked the contents.
“… … joy.”
Then, as he glared at the two of them alternately, he evaporated like air on the spot.
” are you okay?”
The moment Fermi bent down to check Seriel’s condition, he immediately heard a bruise.
“You crazy child! What if I give you that!”
“I do not prophesy. you’re going to hit me on the right cheek 100 million!”
Fermi, who was hit in the stomach, stepped back.
“You said, number four. It’s not 1, 2, 3 times. You can’t give it to Shura.”
Because it is the future that contains Fermi’s will.
“Then you die.”
“It’s a trifle! You missed the only chance to change the future! You should have killed me!”
“Because I can’t kill you… …
Fermi laughed bitterly, clutching his stomach.
“It is the future.”
The option of killing Seriel was nowhere in Fermi’s mind.
“this… … idiot.”
Feeling both moved and scared, she buried her face in Fermi’s arms.
“… … What are you going to do now?”
“I got hit once, so I have to return it 12 times.”
Seriel’s head lifted.
“Is there a way?”
Winking at her, Fermi threw a chip into the air with his thumb.
“Transactions in Depreciation.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1215.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Veron problem (4)
The ability name is image copy.
It is a magic that can be extracted by printing out what I memorized in my head, and it belongs to eating out of the rules.
“This is quite expensive. because… …
When Fermi activated his magic, the paper he was holding earlier was duplicated.
“Because it can drastically reduce the labor force. Once you memorize them all, you can keep printing them.” It was because time was running out.
“so? What are you going to do with it?”
“Information entropy. The value of information depends on how many people know it. For example… …
Fermi made a face.
“It’s just the two of us. It should never leak out, right?”
Seriel’s face flushed slightly.
“do you want to die?”
“Anyway, that’s it. The people who know the information about the present future are me and Shura. Perhaps even the King of Iron will know… …
Fermi handed over the papers.
“Now, take one.”
Knowing the value of the document, Seriel had no choice but to accept it even though she knew it was a joke.
And I realized.
“You, can’t you?”
“okay. Information that everyone knows is worthless. From now on, I will mail this document to all 12 temple countries. In short, this information is worth shit.”
“But is it okay to do that? If everyone finds out, it will be out of control from then on. I wonder if there is a way to update the information.”
“That’s not allowed.” Now that Omega 999 has come to an end, it would be impossible to go back to Apocalypse.
‘Even if I go, mining will be impossible.’
God’s intervention was almost certain.
“There is no need to renew. Does the document contain information about the Temple Directorate? I didn’t include anything really important.”
Of course I’m not interested.
“Important information?”
When Fermi, recalling Amy’s death, kept silent, Seriel didn’t ask anymore.
‘I’m sorry, Sirone.’
The reason she apologizes to her eternal antagonist is that the only person who accepts her thoughts is Sirone.
‘No one…
Even if you know the death of a loved one, you won’t try to erase the memory.
Leaving Seriel behind, he opened the window and watched countless events outside the Delta.
‘The time of the end.’
Feeling the world’s compass spinning, Fermi raised his hand.
‘Image copy.’
Fermi, holding dozens of documents with the same content in his hand, asked in a low voice.
“How far can humans see?”
won’t run away
‘I am the son of Yolgah.’
one who sees far
No, to become the one who sees the end.
Turning his head again, Fermi threw a bundle of papers all at once toward the window.
As the white paper flew like a butterfly, everyone outside the headquarters turned their heads.
“What is that?”
Fermi turned to Seriel and smiled.
“Zero entropy.”
so that… … The future was back at square one.
Meanwhile, after receiving information from Fermi, Shura walked down the hallway with cold eyes.
I looked through the papers quickly, but I didn’t care about the World Map Bureau.
Rather, what filled her mind was the topic Fermi threw.
‘It’s called the Veron problem.’
It was a story about an iron pole planted by Veron, the 1st in the Order of the Ten Commandments, in the Kingdom of Iron.
‘His will is still imprinted in that time and space beyond the law.’
An iron core planted in the world.
‘Can humans truly change the future?’
Even if you knew the future and took other actions, what if even that was a pre-determined future?
‘Veron wanted to take the matter to the limit. It’s not just one philosophical pillar. Even now, the iron pole is stuck in place, enduring the divine law.’
If God pulls out that pillar, it will be God’s victory, but if he doesn’t… … .
‘Humans can change.’
It will create a future completely different from God’s will.
‘I’m waiting.’
Shura held the papers in her hand.
As long as there is iron pole in Iron Kingdom, she will listen to what the king wants.
‘Until the true king returns.’
Sirone’s face was pale as she climbed the ivory tower.
‘There is no end.’ The demons were divided into 1st, 2nd, and 3rd armies and occupied key points on each floor.
“Kill Yahweh… … !”
Caught in the flash of the Miracle Stream, the demons screamed and rolled on the floor.
“Kuaaa!”
Originally, it should have been purified already, but it was all that half of the body had melted.
‘It’s gotten stronger.’
Above all, it was a question of how much stronger Baal, the commander of the 1st Corps, would have become than before.
“Kill! Don’t be afraid of extinction! The more we resist, the more Yahweh will suffer!”
The demons lost their fear.
‘It’s not bravery.’
Making others unhappy is more important than your own happiness… … .
‘Ataraxia.’
Is it an unavoidable demonic nature?
“Kuaaa!”
In front of the amplified power again, this time even the demons could not maintain their shape.
In the place where the flash passed, only a pair of demons’ ankles remained.
“ha! ha!”
Sirone regained his sanity again.
‘It’s dragging out time.’
It was a strategy for Baal to remove Taeseong while keeping Sirone tied up here.
Of course, the stars of the ivory tower are guarding the upper floors, so it won’t be easy to reach them.
I wasn’t sure anymore.
Passing between the demons with only their ankles left, Sirone was filled with emotions.
“There is no human being who rejoices in the misfortune of others.”
Just because you’re not happy right now, because there’s no other way to be happy.
“It’s just following the methodology of evil.” I want to believe that.
Sirone also hates evil, and thinks that he should take responsibility for the consequences.
‘I want to believe that I can change.’
If good and evil are determined simply by the cause, what on earth can human beings choose?
Chagall screamed.
“It doesn’t change!”
His mind was half blown away by Etella’s pain transmitted through the chains of Taegeuk.
“What do you guys know?”
Tears of blood flowed from Chagall’s eyes as he killed any demons that stood in his way.
If all the past is just a memory fabricated by God.
“You haven’t lived like me!” Can anyone become Chagall?
“I am evil! Absolutely evil! I will kill them all! If I kill everyone and only I am left… …
Will this resentment go away then?
“Aaaaaaa!”
In great pain, Chagall fell to his knees.
Ethella’s bitter feelings fuel Chagall’s anger, and that anger is returned to Ethella.
In this way, Taegeuk grew without knowing its limits.
-Remaining purification time 82 years 873 7,601 trillion… … ha… … .
I heard the informator’s sigh.
It was an obvious broadcast accident, but Riona, the informator at the chemical company, didn’t care.
‘Four years of time evaporated at once.’ Such a huge up.
Of course I knew it, but when they first came to the world, Leona couldn’t imagine it.
How the hell am I going to purify this karma?
‘This is the result.’
I thought deeply about the conclusion of the two people who seemed to be in hell until the end of the universe.
Vivian, in charge of Lian, asked.
“Leona, what are you doing? Instructions should be accurate. What if the boss finds out?”
“well. I suddenly have this idea. What is the use of all this? Maybe we too…
I know because they were also administrators.
“This will be the last time.”
The fact that it’s not long before God closes the world.
“It was fun, we.”
After rubbing Vivian’s hand on her shoulder, Leona turned her gaze back to Vision.
“Humanity’s Last Evil.”
As an informator in charge, I felt a sense of duty to watch Chagall’s final stage.
Sirone is sure.
‘If you can’t choose, there’s no integration.’ Therefore, Gaians who have reached an integrated mental system are those who have mastered the mind.
‘Because I’ve seen their world.’ Everyone understands each other, so it doesn’t matter what happens to this universe.
‘Towards that stage… …
Arriving on the 23rd floor, Sirone caught sight of the dreary scenery waiting for her.
3-star villager Arte and satellite Tokei lay on the floor with their heads cut off.
‘The balance part is annihilated.’
On one side, Heukgangshi of the Ministry of Law, Tanjura, the Supreme Court, and his satellite Daeho were knocked down.
“Keugh!”
When he confirmed that Heukangshi had stopped breathing, Tanjura let out a harsh groan.
“Miss Tanjura!”
Sirone hurriedly ran and cast Miracle Stream, but to no avail.
‘Already dead.’
Tanjura, whose upper body was left, struggled to raise the corner of her mouth.
“Supreme Judge’s verdict, probation. Until Oh Dae-seong came, I maintained a pitiful spirit.”
With the heart stopped, only the brain was operating.
“What happened?”
“As you can see… … annihilated by Baal. The guy became a monster. A man-made monster.”
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“I did my best to hold on. If you follow quickly, you should be able to make it in time.”
He wanted to head to the top floor right now, but he couldn’t let go of his attachment to Tanjura.
Tanjoura shook her head.
“It’s okay, I’m dead. If there is one thing that is unfair, it is to leave without being told the correct answer.”
Is Thing right?
“I believe that no one can know the truth of another person. That would be the limit of my intellect. but… …
Tanjura put her hand on Sirone’s shoulder.
“I must be wrong. Yes?”
At the last moment of his life, it seems that the answer Tanjura wanted to hear was different from his intellect.
” I am??????
Sirone also knows.
Suppressing the tears that fill up, all he can say is a huge hope.
“I believe so. I will definitely prove it.” Tanjura laughed bashfully.
And as if he didn’t want to burden him any more, life quickly drained from his pupils.
“Whoa.”
Sirone’s chin trembled, but the eyes glaring upward were full of life.
“Magic.”
The rightness that everyone knows collapses like a sandcastle in the face of turbid desire and anger.
‘These… … I wanted to protect it until the end.’
The light of intelligence was going out.
Ivory Tower 2() 1st floor.
The first group of demons following Baal were slowly killing the residents of the Ivory Tower.
“As expected, it’s something to be seen becoming stronger. No matter what you say about intelligence, in the end it won’t work for us.” The demons who were passing their time in that way suddenly turned their gaze toward the stairs.
“Hoo’?”
Sirone was walking towards him as if soaked in blood.
“what? why are you so late Now that I see it, Yahweh is really lazy too? what about… …
The smoke of light hovered over the demon’s body, and flesh scattered in its place as if it were about to explode.
While the demons who finally grasped the atmosphere erased their laughter, Sirone spoke.
“I believe there is nothing that cannot be changed.”
“Hey, the admonition… …
“But you guys don’t change.”
The demons shut their mouths.
“Just don’t change. Stay as evil in front of my eyes. Even if it’s just for a few seconds.”
“Isn’t that obvious?”
Sirone desperately suppressed her heart.
“Still, I have to believe that you guys can repent. I really hope so. however… … I hope you don’t.”
Opoo……”
The demons burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! what is he talking about now? Yahweh, have you been drinking? Why is this gibberish?”
“Why?”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“I was really angry.”
The moment Yahweh’s anger exploded, blinding light filled the 2nd floor.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1216.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Last 5 Hours(1)
Green Ocean.
The tribal war intensified with the joining of the angels.
“Damn it!”
While the 12 apostles were scattered, the one dealing with Uriel was the fire dragon Inpercus.
The goon of paradise rotated with a roar, and Uriel flew away like the wind.
“The war is over.”
Infercus, who was attacked by the archangel’s flesh bullets, hugged his thick chest.
“You are talking nonsense.”
The battle setting changed, and half of Infercus’ face began to distort like a monster.
Eventually, the upper part of her neck turned into a dragon, and she fired a small breath into Yuriel’s face.
“Quoooooo!” When I kicked the steaming Yuriel in her face, it flew dozens of meters and landed on her floor.
“You’re annoying me.”
The machine dragon Argan and the black dragon Aviris, who discovered it in the sky, landed next to her.
Argan had a troubled expression.
“What if I use a breath? If you do this, the elven forest will burn down. Have you forgotten what the Messiah said? Don’t break taboos unless you’re protecting someone… …
“Are you kidding me? Can’t you see all the angels came in? I’m not in a position to back and forth now. We have to win to protect the elves.”
Abyris slowly stood up.
“what.”
A dark-skinned female warrior, with a strong impression, began to light up amber.
“Was it like that?”
After releasing the polymorph, she became a 20-meter-long black dragon and soared into the sky.
“Krrrrrr.”
The moment they looked down at the ground with fearful eyes, both the apostle and the angel raised their heads at the same time.
“I-that… …
It was the apostle who was more surprised than the angel.
“That crazy!”
The moment the apostles hurriedly flung their bodies, Abiris opened her jaw and cast a breath.
‘The shadow of the abyss.’ A dot smaller than a fingernail was imprinted on the ground, then spread at a frightening speed and engulfed the forest.
Darkness has no substance.
Therefore, there is nothing, and all life on earth experienced the realm of perfect nothingness.
Because he couldn’t even feel where his limbs were attached, his power of action was zero.
‘I’m completely stranded.’
Abyss’s breath, the shadow of the abyss, that embodies the abyss of the other side world in a desired place.
The charging time was 12 hours, which was the fifth longest delay among the 12 apostles.
Abyris laughed.
“Ha ha ha! Experience the terrible nothingness! I am the Black King’s Wide Dragon, Abiris!”
Peyton shouted.
“You are laughing! You are just a crazy dragon! What would have happened if we were involved?”
As the other apostles arrived in the sky one by one, Abiris raised a long brow.
“Hey, is this good? Now I feel like fighting a little. What are you doing? You guys do too.”
“But will you be scolded by the Messiah? You’re negative about forces you can’t control.”
The dragon Argan raised his index finger and said.
“Oh, that’s fine. Mr. Inpercus was supposed to be in charge. We are not doing well.”
“hey! How can you say that…
The moment Inpercus was about to argue, Thunder Dragon Blitz spoke.
“No one came.”
The eyes of the apostles turned to the darkness of the abyss that completely covered the Green Ocean.
“Who is that lesser apostle?” After quickly identifying the 11 members, they could not criticize the remaining apostles on the ground.
“Honbaekryong.”
In the huge abyss where even he lost himself, the white dragon, Assryker, was on his knees.
She has the best ego and is a favorite of all living things.
“Is it the abyss?”
In the realm of nothingness, it was shining so beautifully that even that had no meaning.
“Do something useless.”
As an apostle who was afraid of being disliked by Messiah, it took a lot of courage to make a decision.
As her gaze into the darkness became hazy, her body spread in white light.
After canceling the polymorph, Assriker’s true form is a pure white dragon made up of spiritual bodies.
“Whewyyyyyyy!”
It had a sharp impression like that of a fox, but except for the huge eyes, it was terrifying because it was blank.
Breath – White Bone’s Wrath.
Even in the abyss, the skeletal spirits that glowed shrieked and spread in all directions.
Charging time is only 6 hours.
The soul of the being pierced by the white bone’s wrath recognizes itself as a perfect death state.
‘Eternals, those with transcendental will, and inanimate objects cannot be breathed, but… …
It was an ability that could cause mass destruction when activated with Shadow of the Abyss.
The angels fell to the ground as the forest, which they felt was already dead, was drying to black.
“Huh!”
Since it has a lifespan of eternity, there is no extinction, but the fear of death shook my mind.
“That is your grave.”
After casting Polymorph again, Asriker sat down and savored the abyss.
Poine smiled.
“Major. It’s spectacular.”
The forest looked like a giant hole.
And in the darkness, countless white-bone spirits were wandering around in disarray.
“I did it in the end. As-Skiker is also an accomplice.”
Poine looked back at Blitz, ignoring the words of Inpercus, who was obsessed with it until the end.
“How many hours do you have left?” Thunder Dragon Blitz was silent.
“Don’t pretend you don’t know. With Karatorsa’s disappearance, we lost our core. If I had to convey something, I would have done it to you. Omega 999. How long before it ends?”
Dragons are the apostles of time.
If it was a Mudeungryong who went through 999 years from the 1st year of Omega, it would have been possible to roughly calculate it.
“from now on… …
Blitz opened his mouth.
“Five hours.”
Silence passed.
“According to Karatorsa-sama, today is the last day of history as determined by God. But it’s just an estimate.”
Light Dragon Phaeton said.
“Messiah must have guessed too. I got an omega. After all, you only need to protect the elf for 5 hours, right? The shadow of the abyss will also remain for a while. Is it easy?”
If all 12 apostles broke the taboo, they would be able to stop it for about 5 hours.
“There must be a variable.”
Poine was not vigilant.
“Did we expect angelic support? It’s not a battle of power. If the elves are completely destroyed, the war will be lost.”
“Then how do you kill it? We are blocking it.”
“well… …
Poine’s eyes narrowed.
‘What plan are those little things plotting?’
Melkidoo’s middle layer.
While Pena, who was not an accomplice, went into hiding, Sirone and the others wandered around the warehouse at the port.
Of course, the security was tight, and in order to open a warehouse, the guard had to be bought.
“stop. who is there?”
When first caught by the patrols, Sirone figured out the conditions for disarming them.
“Oh, that’s because I got lost.”
“Lost? what time is it now And you guys users… …
“Give me a chance to convince you.”
The patrol immediately changed their words.
“Oh yeah. My personality is timid. The number of points required for one persuasion is 1 million points.”
‘Surprisingly cheap.’
However, once they entered the dice showdown, the level of difficulty was incomparable to that of the store clerk.
Of course, difficulty is irrelevant to Sirone.
“Quantum collapse!”
Let’s succeed at once, the patrol said with a smile.
“what? you are a good boy But be careful. If we meet again, I won’t forgive you then.”
‘In addition, one-time persuasion.’
After searching for about 3 hours in Melkidu time, the party came to a realization.
“Most of the items in the warehouse are food used in the capital or items of users. If you keep going like this, there will be no end.” Eden added.
“Even if the persuasion money is cheap, you can’t keep buying it. Your clothes get wet in the drizzling rain.”
There were about 20 warehouses they investigated.
“You will earn points by selling items, but you have to go through the middle floor. It is useless here.”
said Iruki.
“Now I only have three points to try. I want to leave about 7,000. Even 50 million people might have a middle leg to convince the chief of the guard.”
“Then let’s do just three more.” Nade turned around and pointed to a small warehouse that immediately caught his eye.
“How is it over there?”
“Two guards? It’s less efficient.”
“It’s a gamble now. I have no choice but to try something I haven’t done before. Follow me. I will tell you.”
As they walked along, two guards held out their spears and shouted terribly.
“stop! owl! Give me a password!”
“Hey, let’s buy some.”
The guards, who had been looking at each other with a bewildered look on their faces, lowered their windows.
“good. My personality… …
After the purchase was over, the guards left the warehouse door after giving them 10 minutes.
“found.”
The moment he opened the door, Nade felt it.
“Royal supplies.”
Since it was used by those who manage the system, the rating was of course the highest.
“Because if the user has a stronger item, he can’t control it. But more than this… …
Iruki pointed to an unsealed, medium-sized box that probably arrived tonight.
“Don’t you think this would be more fun?”
“sympathy.”
When everyone gathered and looked at the lid of the box, there was a label that said ‘subject to censorship’.
‘It’s not an official registered product.’
When I removed the nails and looked inside, I found various items neatly wrapped in plastic.
What you get is… … .
“Look at this. Fast Recovery Pass Necklace. The description is written in strange code, so I don’t know.”
“look.”
Sirone confirmed.
“It’s a hidden code. This is an item that can break through Melkidu’s physical barrier. It’s probably used when a building collapses or there’s a problem with an underground facility. According to the description, it says to fix the bug that couldn’t penetrate the existing underground water, and to improve the ability to pass through iron walls of 3 meters or more.”
Eden said.
“The reason it is subject to censorship is probably because it is tested before being applied to the system. in short… … It’s an item that even the manager doesn’t have yet.” Nade had already picked it up. “How many can I bring? Five?”
“Six.”
“Oh right. Mr. Curtis is there too.”
Iruki pushed back Nade, who was holding a jeweled necklace in his arms.
“Look out. I’ll see.”
What Iruki found was a guard registration card.
“Security was an option. If we have this, we will be guards too. on the system.”
Everyone who understood Iruki’s words lit up their eyes.
“aha.”
And after 10 minutes.
“What, you guys! I’m sure I’ll give you 10 minutes… … ! huh?”
The two guards who had shouted at Sirone and the others blinked for a moment.
“Loyalty! Nothing beyond the boundary!”
Nade, wearing an officer’s name tag, cleared his throat and walked towards them.
“Hmmmm! yes, good job All right’?”
“yes! doesn’t exist!”
“You have a lot of trouble late at night.”
“no! Sacrificing for the kingdom is my calling!”
“Chuck! I’m all proud to hear you say it. Then give me a little help. Come on, go.” As Sirone and his party followed suit, the guards raised their weapons and shouted.
“Go carefully! Loyalty!”
Sirone and the others who came out of the warehouse giggled, and Nade turned around while waving his registration card.
“sorry.”
The box was empty.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1217.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Last 5 Hours(2)
When I arrived at the meeting place after packing the goods in the warehouse, Pena was already meeting the captain.
“How is it?”
“Good. I’ll tell you later.”
The captain also said that the purchase had already been completed, but it seemed better to talk about it in a place where he was not.
said the captain.
“Let’s start slowly. To be clear, I am a guide. I’m not sure if I’ll be able to buy the head of the guard. I am a strict principled person.” After leaving the port, Sirone’s party entered the royal castle, to be precise, through the back gate of the royal castle.
It had the same structure as the real castle, and many people were working non-stop.
Iruki said.
“It’s a program where each of them plays their part. Maintaining the huge world of Melkidu will not be an easy task. From what I’ve played so far, it’s honestly a well-made system.”
Sirone agreed, but was heartbroken about the reason for creating such a world.
‘Cain.’
According to Omega’s records, he was the son of Mitochondrial Eve, more precisely the son of Lilith.
“Here.”
The captain pointed to the captain’s office and knocked.
“come in.”
When I opened the door and went in, a hard-looking man with scars on his face was waiting for me.
“Hello, Captain of the Guard. Here’s a list of supplies that arrived tonight. Your signature, please.”
It was a process that required high privileges.
The captain of the guard, who was slowly going through the documents, glared at the party with only his gaze.
“What are they?”
“that is??????
Sirone came out.
“My colleague is falsely accused and is in prison. I ask for mercy.”
Once the purchase was successful, the logic was irrelevant, but I couldn’t bear to do it like Nade did.
“colleague? who?”
According to Curtis’ information, someone must be in prison to bribe the chief of the guard.
“This is Curtis.”
The guard’s eyes changed.
“no. That guy is a felon. Even if the crimes are listed in terms of murders and stolen goods, dozens of documents come out. I can’t let him go.”
“No, Mr. Curtis is innocent in Melkidoo. Please give me a chance to convince the captain of the guard.” He glared at Sirone fearfully before opening his mouth.
“Are you going to convince me? My personality is stubborn. The cost of persuasion is 50 million points.”
It was as expected.
“yes.”
When Sirone answered, the captain’s office turned into a phased space, leaving only the accomplices.
message was heard.
-The buyout program has been triggered. Destroy the captain’s principles with crime dice.
From the other side of the phase space, the guard captain walked.
‘Is this unexpected?’
While Sirone and the others panicked, the guard captain took out his crime dice.
Nade, who saw the four 8-sided dice, wrinkled his brow.
“What, are you stronger than us? Wasn’t persuasion about winning with the same dice?”
Sirone’s party’s dice were 3 7-sided dice, and the number of eyes and dice was one level lower.
The captain of the guard smiled coldly.
“Heh, I don’t know who I bought to get to this point, but I will be different.”
Sirone sensed it.
‘Principalist. Unlike other managers, the captain of the guard doesn’t break his own rules.’
message was heard.
-Crime points will be deducted according to the number of dice rolled by each other. One Crime Dice eye is worth 10,000 points. The team or user that first reduces the opponent’s crime points to zero wins.
“Pooh!”
Nade realized the seriousness of the situation.
‘It’s not a one-time match. 3 of the 7 faces can basically get 42 points, including doubles. I don’t know how many points the captain of the guard has, but Sirone can’t handle it alone. In the end, we also have to roll.’
Iruki asked.
“What is the guard’s crime point?”
-50 million points.
Eden made a puzzled expression.
“On the other hand, we… …
Since 50 million points were deducted a while ago, there are approximately 8 million points left.
‘If 800 marks on the dice are gathered by simple calculation, we are bankrupt.’
Sirone put her chin on her head and thought.
‘This is what Mr. Curtis meant when he said at least 50 million. Could it be that I was too unprepared?’
No, it’s not.
‘We’re just a special case, other people will come here with 100 million points. It could be a fairly easy game with a simple game of dice.’ So, this match… … .
“item.”
Sirone asked.
“Can I use the item?”
-The guard’s principle is to risk everything and fight. There are no restrictions on this persuasion.
“Can you change the order too?”
-it’s possible. However, one person cannot participate more than once before taking a turn. Same rule, 1 person cannot use 2 items.
“It was like that.”
If it was an item, he had obtained a considerable amount while searching the warehouse in the port.
“Nade’s kleptomaniac would be helpful at a time like this.”
“hey!”
He shouted with an expression of regret, but Nade was also relieved inside.
‘thank god. I insisted on using the points.’
Sirone said.
“Once the item is applied, it will not exceed 20 turns. Even though one turn is as important as that.”
said the captain of the guard.
“I will do it first.”
This was also unusual, but it was futile to complain in front of the principled.
all.
he pulled out a card
“The captain’s authority.”
“what? What item is that?”
– The captain of the guard uses a manager-only item. Not available for purchase in the store.
The effect of the card appeared.
-Divide opponent’s attack power by the lowest number of crime dice. Lasts 3 turns.
During the explanation, the die was thrown.
‘1 Come out! please!’
Contrary to Nade’s wishes, the eyes of the dice stopped at 3, 6, 2, and 7, respectively.
‘Division 2.’
For the next 3 turns, it meant that the number of attacks on the guard commander would only go in half.
“No, what kind of items do you have?”
“Because it’s for managers only. First of all, let’s change the order. There are enough items, but it is inefficient for Sirone to attack while the captain’s authority is activated.”
Sirone’s turn was critical.
“I’ll do it first.”
Eden pulled out a card.
Create the maximum number by combining the eyes of the dice with the top-notch item ‘Invention of Genius’.
However, in the case of a double, the two results are added, so the highest expectation was 15.54 million.
“7, 3, 4.”
Only the maximum value of 743 was divided by 2.
“… … it’s a shame.”
Of course, it was an excellent effect, but considering the opponent’s 50 million points, it was not satisfactory.
The captain of the guard held up his card.
“The Conviction of Punishment.”
– Each time the turn progresses, the result value increases by 2 times. Lasts a total of 5 turns.
Iruki’s eyes narrowed.
’32x crit on last turn. In the end, I think I’ll finish it within five turns.’
The number of guard captains is 5, 1, 7, 4.
“Deduction of 340,000. It’s still manageable, but from the next turn it’ll be a bit bloody.”
Iruki’s eyes sparkled.
“Wait, I’ll do it first.”
Having inherited Nade, he used the ‘accountant’s illusion’.
– The value of this turn is applied to the next turn.
‘Even if we build up our strength, we have too few points. I can only bet on this method.’
A double comes out and the total is 27.
“You fool. Giving up the chance to use another attack item because you’re afraid of the captain’s authority.”
It’s the captain’s turn again. This time, 4 times was applied and 1.64 million was deducted.
The guards captain raised an eyebrow.
“Next turn I will be stronger. You guys can never break my convictions.”
The reason why no one answered was because they understood all of Iruki’s strategies.
‘This persuasion is not a 100% chance. You can’t win with just quantum collapse.’
The reason why you can’t reveal the strategy is because the opponent can defend with items.
“The accountant’s illusion.”
When Nade used the item, the guard captain frowned.
‘ also?’
-Accountant’s Illusion stacks 2 times. This result is carried over to the next turn.
‘These guys are planning to use wind gods.’ The guards commander realized.
‘User-only item. It’s a good strategy, but it’s hard to expect an actual effect. Unless the big numbers come in quick succession… …
The multiplication effect is drastically lowered.
‘I’ll win anyway. The probability of deducting 50 million at once is laughable.’
Nade threw the dice vigorously.
‘please! double! double!’
When the eyes of the dice that fell on the ground were all different, he despaired, but soon his heart fluttered.
‘done!’
It was 17 with 7, 4 and 6.
If he used Wind God on the next turn, he was guaranteed 4.59 million points.
The captain of the guard held up his card.
“You like to gamble. Then shall we judge your destiny? Trigger, emergency.”
– +2 is applied to the scale of all dice.
Another double took place, bringing the total to 4.8 million, leaving about 1 million left for Sirone and the others.
“The next turn is unconditionally over. Get ready to go back.”
“Shouldn’t you be relieved yet? Because the authority effect of the captain is gone now.”
“so? Nothing will change. Can you deduct 50 million in one go? The odds… …
“give it to me.”
Sirone took the dice.
“Fungin.”
-All eye operations are converted to multiplication.
Sirone asked.
“Why can’t you free Mr. Curtis?”
“You sound natural. He committed many crimes.”
“You guys made it.”
The guards chief kept his mouth shut.
“It is only natural for those who commit a crime to take responsibility. But who created this system? If you have points, you are innocent no matter what you do, if you don’t, you are guilty. Is this system normal, where the more crimes you commit, the more points you accumulate, and whoever doesn’t adapt always have to start over from the bottom of the game?”
Sirone’s question was directed beyond the captain of the guard.
“I don’t know what you mean. no one made it If you don’t want to go to jail, you don’t have to commit a crime. Could it be that you hate the sin, but not the people?”
“no.”
Sirone gritted his teeth.
“If you hate the guilty person so much… …
As he waved his arms and threw dice, three crime dice bounced.
“I’m talking about hating sins together.”
When 7, 7, 7 appeared, the guard commander opened his mouth in a daze.
“Eh, what is this… …
– It’s a double. You will be given one more chance.
“If you really want to punish the guilty.” Sirone again snatched the dice that had fallen in front of his eyes and threw them in the same place.
“I want you to seriously think about why sin has to exist in the first place.”
Again 7, 7, 7 popped up.
-The accountant’s illusion is triggered. With the wind god effect, all operations are multiplied.
27x17x7x7x7x7x7x7=54,00 0,891
Iruki smiled.
“It is our victory.”
Phase space disappeared, and time began to flow again.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1218.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Last 5 Hours(3)
The captain of the guard collapsed on his chair.
“… … Quite right.”
Then a burst of laughter broke out.
“ha ha ha! It’s really good. you persuade me All right, I’ll free Curtis.”
The setting immediately changed in their favour.
“thank you. And one more thing. We want to go to Melkidoo’s core. Do you know how?”
“Hmm, only His Majesty the King can issue core passes. It’s better. I was going to introduce you too.”
It was such a process.
“It is an honor. When will it be possible?”
“The process is a bit complicated. Still, I’ll try my best There will be a message tomorrow morning.”
‘Tomorrow morning… …
Melkidoo’s time is different from reality, but there wasn’t much time in reality either.
said Iruki.
“It must be the process of processing data. If this itself is an event, it cannot be arbitrarily changed.”
Sirone nodded and asked again.
“What about Mr. Curtis?”
“That is easy. All you have to do is file the paperwork. If you’re waiting outside the prison, I’ll let you go.”
After receiving the promise, Sirone and the others went outside through the guard barracks.
“Finally out, middle floor.”
The splendid and beautiful scenery of Parme, the capital of Melkidu, came into their eyes.
“It’s called the Play Zone. Maybe it’s because I only went through the back door, isn’t this more awkward now?”
As Nade agreed, the iron door opened and Curtis appeared.
Penna shouted.
“Curtis!”
He was limping on his legs and his face was bruised from how many times he had been beaten.
“Are you okay? What happened to you’?”
He passed by, ignoring Pena, and asked Sirone with a nervous expression.
“Did you find a way?”
“yes. I decided to meet the king tomorrow. Perhaps this is the final gateway to the core.”
“… … Right.”
Curtis’s expression softened, but more relief than joy.
“Let’s go at once. I need to get some rest.”
“okay. please let’s go Because I don’t want to stay here anymore.”
Pena asked while moving downtown.
“Tell me quickly. Because I’m dying of curiosity What do you do when you go to jail? Can you give me some rice? What kind of place was it?”
“If you’re that curious, go and see for yourself.”
Pena was disgusted.
“Crazy, do I go there? what? I hope you… … Did you really lose your virginity?”
“Have you lost your virginity?” Curtis said no more, and Pena didn’t want to know more.
Sirone comforted him.
“You worked hard.”
“it’s okay. It’s something I’ve been determined to do anyway, and it’s meaningless. If only I could get to the core… …
In the face of their tenacity to catch the killer who murdered their daughter, Sirone and the others became solemn.
“Now you guys tell me. Are you meeting the king tomorrow? What happened while I was gone?”
Sirone said what had happened so far.
“Right. You guys must have suffered a lot too. But if so… … How many points are left?”
“It is almost at the bottom. Convincing the captain of the guard left about 1 million points. However, considering the case of persuading the king, there is no such thing.”
“Hmm, that’s right.”
While Curtis was resting his chin on his chin, Pena cleared his throat and said.
“excuse me… … I will live.”
“huh?”
Pena looked away and said.
“No, Curtis got out of jail too, and he needs to eat a good meal and rest for a day or so. I’ll pay for the lodging, so don’t worry and go wherever you want.”
Curtis laughed.
“You say you get food from Pena, the sucker? The biggest incident has occurred in Melkidu.”
“what? I mean, when I write, I write. And I got a lot of help… … anyway! I know that!”
“Well, okay. First of all, accommodations are provided by Pena. But even so, it’s a problem that Sirone’s team doesn’t have points. Because only Sirone can succeed 100% in persuasion. You never know what kind of confrontation the king will propose.”
Even the guard chief’s case was quite difficult.
“So I have an idea.”
“yes’?”
The party paid attention to Curtis’ proposal.
“Come on! Miguel Luxury Store. We have all the new items that just came out a week ago!”
“The cheapest house in Parme! Selling for 10% below average market price! Urgent sale welcome!”
On the west side of the plaza, where the royal castle could be seen at a glance, a large number of people were swarming.
“Wow, are those all merchants?” Curtis said.
“Parme is the place with the most floating population in Melkidu. Because points can be traded. People also stay for a long time to make money on items for entering the royal road.”
“That’s how the market is activated.”
“okay. Do you guys have any items? If you sell it, you’ll get the points you need for persuasion. However, since there is no time, everything is sold quickly. I know you guys value efficiency, but we are VIPs when it comes to sales. If the transaction is long, the flies are attracted. You guys won’t like that either.”
The group understood.
“There are no philanthropists among merchants. It’s safe to leave it to the big guys. Let’s go to that guy.”
It was a neatly dressed man in his 30s.
“welcome. This is an Ottoman luxury store. If you look through the catalog and see what you want… …
“No, I have nothing to live for. I want to sell something.”
Osman immediately nodded.
“Of course you are welcome. Nowhere else pays the price as high as we do. Shall we go to the office?”
“No, not here. Most of them are card items.”
There were also expensive weapons in the port, but I couldn’t afford to carry them.
“yes. Then show me your stuff. Are you on this side? I will make a deal.”
Osman pulled out a card.
“Activate. shop.”
The card glowed and a system message popped up.
– The transaction between the Sirone team and the Ottoman team begins. Points can be exchanged for 1 hour. The effect automatically disappears when the transaction approval between the two sides is concluded.
‘It’s an anti-fraud system. and… … This person is also an accomplice.’
It would be in the office, and there should have been a few people around here now.
“If I open a shop with an item, do I continue to use points for every transaction?”
“yes. If you want to do business, you have to give up that much. It’s not particularly expensive, but it’s big when it accumulates.”
Of course, it will be included in the fee.
“The problem is people who come to trade without having points or stuff. It’s half a joke, half a competitor’s sabotage. That’s why there is a limit of 1 hour. If the person who uses the item does not approve the transaction, that person cannot trade for 1 hour.”
“aha.”
“You can rest assured. As long as the store is active, the property is protected by the system.”
After confirming that Curtis nodded, Sirone handed over the item.
“yes. I want to sell this.”
“Hmm, let’s see… …
Osman’s eyes began to shake as he calmly passed the cards one by one.
“Hoo.”
He stroked his chin and was lost in thought, then handed over the card again.
“I have seen Mr. Curtis and Mr. Pena several times, but Mr. Sirone is the first. Did you collect all of these cards without ever stopping by Parme?”
Through system messages, merchants remembered users’ names.
“Yes, by chance.”
Osman realized.
‘It’s the back door.’
Of course, there are only rumors and no reality, but sometimes there were customers with different feelings.
“All right. Then I’ll give you a price. A total of 37 cards, including the best cards… …
Osman raised his head.
“120 million points. How is it?” It was a larger amount than expected.
‘Then it’s basically more expensive. Well, I haven’t been to the high-end shops on the inner track.’
Osman continued.
“You’re not here to bargain, are you? Knowing that, I hit it as high as possible. Some of these cards also contain crafting items. In other words, we will take care of the aftermath.”
“how?”
The conversation continued without the main point
“I don’t know that either. If there is a problem, there is a separate company that takes care of it. I entrust them.”
‘It’s a gang.’
“I can promise you, however, that no one but me will know where this item came from. That alone will save you a lot of hassle.”
I’ll go into the core tomorrow anyway, but thinking about suffering all day made my goal hurt.
“Yes, I will.”
“thank you. Then shall we begin?”
-120 million points have come to the Sirone team.
Sirone also turned over the card.
“A total of thirty-seven chapters. Has confirmed. Initiation, transaction approval. Just say the same to me.”
“Activate, transaction approved.”
– The deal is closed.
The shop card is gone.
“thank you. I will come again when the opportunity arises.”
Osman gave me a card and said.
“This is a discount coupon for a top-notch restaurant. If you use this item, it will be 20 percent less.”
“haha! yes.”
Pena, who received the discount coupon, is thrilled
did.
“and… …
Osman asked.
“As I said before, there will be nothing to worry about, but on the other hand, it will be a little annoying. Get out of Parme as soon as possible.”
“Okay.”
There was no need to hear the details because Sirone had gone through all of the prenatal battles.
After leaving the merchant area, Sirone and the others headed for the restaurant, holding on to their hungry stomachs.
“Voucher, what kind of restaurant is this? Are there any steaks?”
A group of people blocked the way.
“Didn’t you talk if you want to eat meat? We can buy whatever you like.”
Curtis’s expression crumpled.
“A wicked merchant.”
“Are those people merchants?” The impression was ferocious, and above all, all the weapons he was holding were top-notch.
“Parme allows point transactions between users. That’s why guys like that install them.”
“haha! That’s right. choose Will you stick with us and become dog hair, or will you pass the point?”
Attacks between users are deducted until one person’s points become zero.
“Wouldn’t it be better to give it to us to use than to blow it into the air? I’ll take half of it if you’re willing to give it to me.”
Sirone said.
“What do you believe in and be so proud of? If our points are higher, you guys will become dog hair.”
“Cheuk, right? Then give it a try.” Sirone sensed it.
‘It’s a point conglomerate.’
It is to extort the points that can win against anyone and use threats.
“Hey, is that Pena? Did you stick to these bunches this time? Then I guess you have some points.”
Penna shouted.
“You are talking nonsense! What do you see people as?”
“What do you see? that’s your specialty Clinging to someone with money and then hiding like a maggot in case of danger.”
As Pena’s face heated up, Sirone stepped out.
“Don’t speak carelessly.”
“Ohhhhh.”
The evil merchants made exaggerated expressions.
“Hey, that’s cool. So what are you going to do? Would you have 50 million to trade with Osman? Let’s end it like that. Or rob them all and go to jail.”
‘It’s annoying, these things.’
Even if he wanted to be hit, the point would become 0 the moment the attack judgment was entered.
“Sirone, I’ll do it.”
“What are you going to do?”
Nade, who was walking towards the evil merchant, turned around and winked as he lowered his collar.
“Leave it to me.”
The guards officer’s certificate was hidden.

=============ZZZZZ=============
