=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1051.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Fine-tune(3)
The shock the demons received the moment they confirmed that Oris was protecting Sirone was beyond imagination.
“Uh, how could you… …
Despite his hatred for Yahweh, General 7 was the most respected demon in the city.
Oris’s eyes were filled with fear, as if it was a choice that even he could not bear.
‘I hate Yahweh too. I really hate it.’
But yuppie.
Even if I deceived myself, I loved that lie so much that I could laugh with Yahweh.
” go.”
Oris pushed Syrone away.
“Go anywhere. I’d rather fight and die than die here.”
The demons screamed evil.
“What are you doing, Oris! Do you know what you are doing!”
There will be no room for her to refute the common sense, system, and rightness that sustain this world… … .
“I will believe you.”
There are laws that cannot be explained.
“There must be something wrong with you.”
Even if you try your best to do well, there are times when everything goes awry.
“So please… … Just go.” damn world.
A way to make everyone happy doesn’t even exist in the human world.
“Oris.”
Aren’t you ecstatic just imagining it?
The imagination was so beautiful and exhilarating that Sirone couldn’t give up.
“Sorry.”
A smile appeared on Oris’ lips, surprised for a moment.
And after a while, the light behind her lit up, and hellfire burned from her back.
“Huh!”
The fire spread in an instant and her body perished without even having time to do anything.
He heard Lethe’s voice.
“It’s a shame, my child.”
Without even looking at her, Sirone reached out to the place where Oris’ memory remained.
Nothing caught.
For the first time, the golden smoke began to rise from Sirone’s body as she stood up slowly.
“Lethe, do you really have to go this far?”
“What are you talking about? Oris is what you killed after all. Doing nothing helps us.”
Lethe is the manager. Therefore, unlike other demons, they do not hold any special hatred towards Yahweh.
That made me even more angry.
“Lethe.”
The moment Sirone clenched her teeth, the demons around her blocked her path.
“Krr. Yahweh, how far are you going to corrupt us? How far do you look down on us?”
“I don’t want to fight with you guys.” That must have been what Oris left to Shirone even when he was prepared for her extinction.
“joy! gibberish. you always say that And they will annihilate us again.”
“Move. I want to talk to Lethe.” Sirone’s voice was begging, but the demons felt rather ignored.
After exchanging glances with each other for a moment, they rushed without saying who was first.
“Kuaaa! Kill Yahweh!”
All movements were clearly visible to Si Lorne, who was wrapped in the Miracle Stream.
‘Is this again?’
The mind did not move easily.
‘How long… …
If you kill, kill, kill again, it becomes a world where there is no object to refute anymore.
‘Is that victory?’
Is it really the fulfillment of beliefs?
In Sirone’s clear eyes, the faces of the demons shuddering in anger came to mind.
“I’m dying… …
The moment the leading Demon tribe raised a large ax over 2 meters and swung its arms.
Aaaaaang!
The fireball that fell from the sky exploded and burned the surrounding demons.
“Kuaaaaa!”
As the demons whose limbs fell off in the shock wave screamed, Lethe frowned.
“… … is it you?”
A woman whose whole body was burning like a heated stone held red clubs in both hands.
Sirone tilted her head.
“Son Yu-jeong? Why are you?”
Burning to near-white light, she exclaimed, exposing the patient.
“You said to come! what are you doing now After memorizing Gingoju well, are you begging the demons?”
As Sirone slightly frowned, Son Yu-jeong, who came to her senses, shrugged.
“No, what… … Yes. In other words, my heart came out as it is, yes.”
“Haha! Mandible! Yoojung Son! I’m dying of heat!”
Richera’s face gasped in pain at the waist, but the heat could not be dampened.
‘That’s real.’
Lethe was the opponent who was strong enough for Son Yoo-jung to hold on to Yeoui without realizing it.
‘The hair ghost (Ithaca) next to me is also quite good, but this woman is on a different level.’
I wanted to stick around.
“Goes!”
As Son Yu-jeong showed her fangs and increased her firepower, Sirone spat out words.
“stop.”
Just the feeling of a long orphan gently strangling Son Yu-jeong raised her head in fright.
“Keugh!”
As the incarnation of the head weakened and the fire subsided, Richera exhaled.
“I have something to say to Lethe.”
“… … yes.”
When Son Yu-jeong withdrew without even the will to resist, Sirone approached Lete.
“Lethe.”
It was a desperate voice as if to soothe a child, but Lethe’s eyes did not waver at all.
“Don’t call me over and over again, and if you have something you want to say, say it. I’ll listen to you at least a word.”
“Let’s ask one thing.”
Sirone’s eyes were filled with strength, and the Miracle Stream that enveloped her body surged upside down as if ascending to heaven.
lightning
“Who am I?”
A pillar of light gradually increases its radius
Let’s start widening
The demons hesitantly retreated.
“Big!”
A completely different temperament from the Yahweh they imagined was overwhelming the entire city.
Ithaca raised her head vertically and looked up at the light that pierced the clouds of fire.
‘Was it this much?’
Like the other 7 generals, she gave up the idea of fighting Yahweh at this moment.
“Answer me.”
All the demons’ eyes were focused on one place, and Lethe just kept her mouth shut.
Depending on the answer, Laviette City would be purified in an instant.
“Ultimately threatened… …
“Lethe.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“You asked who I am.” As the flow of ascending light became more violent, the demons felt a burning pain.
“Big!”
Lethe was the only one who could hold on, and the answer finally came out.
“Yahweh.”
Knowing that this was not an accurate answer, she twisted the bridge of her nose and added.
“… … is.”
“Lethe-sama?”
Residents as well as the 7 generals opened their eyes wide to see him using honorifics for Yahweh.
But it was natural.
“Buddha is no more. The balance of the world has fallen and Hell is now in my hands. It means that no matter how much you guys try to corrupt me, there is nothing to shake anymore.”
Lette got it right.
“The top manager has disappeared, so you have to take care of it. What do you want from me?”
“Purification of the Demon Realm.”
“Impossible. Kill all my children?”
“At least get rid of the Legion Commander’s Pandemonium. Then I won’t be provoking the behind world either.”
Lethe’s mission was to maintain Hell’s system, so it wasn’t a bad suggestion.
‘It’s a problem because it’s not even a good suggestion.’
Disabling the Demon Realm is not only a complicated task, but also a weakening of Satan’s power.
However, if he accepted it here, Sirone’s anger would shake hell.
Then I heard a pig picking voice.
“Honey. president?”
Lethe turned her head wildly at the sound that made her tantrum just by hearing it.
Monoras, who looked like a beggar, stood with the deputy chief Boyd.
“You child… … !”
As soon as he saw sparks fly in Lethe’s eyes, Boyd hurriedly lowered his head.
“sorry! Even though I said it was urgent business, I reluctantly went to the gambling city… …
With that alone, the whole situation was pictured in my head.
“president!”
Monoras approached with an unfair expression.
“I got hit! damn! Those guys are all thugs! How can you break through a 2% chance and get that hand out when you bet all your possessions! Honey honey!”
As Lette stared at Monoras’ shameless figure, Boyd closed his eyes tightly.
“sorry! It should have ended there, but the chief secretary even staked a stake in the chemical company… …
Monoras continued, as if he had suddenly remembered.
“That’s right, my share! I lost all of my stock that I had accumulated through all sorts of corruption! Boss, please go and find me.”
“Monoras.”
Lethe approached slowly.
“yes. grunt.”
Lethe, who was staring at Monoras with a pale face, held out her hands. A palm touched his chest, and Lethe muttered, still dazed.
“I’ll find them all.”
“uh? really? grunt.”
“Then, I will find them all. I’m glad you came quickly. I’ll let you play to your heart’s content, so please do me one favor.”
“… … I don’t want to work.”
“I’ll let you enter the president’s office. You can come in anytime.”
“Hoo?”
Monoras’s eyes sparkled for the first time, but then they took on a sad expression.
“I won’t do it if it’s too troublesome.”
“Can you see Yahweh over there?”
Spinning from the waist, Monolas stared at Sirone, who was engulfed in light.
Lethe said.
“Kill.”
Monoras’ eyes narrowed after not saying anything for a long time, and the corners of his mouth went up.
“Ah, I’m glad.”
Before the first thump was over, Monolas charged Sirone.
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo!
The entire city shook, and Shirone, feeling frightened, retreated at breakneck speed.
“Because it’s easy.”
At that moment, Son Yu-jeong, engulfed in flames, blocked the way and distorted her face.
“Kiiiii!”
not for anyone
It was a battle monkey’s instinct that had been activated without even having time to think rationally.
‘How strong are you?’
Receiving a distant feeling, Sohn Yu-jeong’s woman’s clothes came in full bloom like petals.
“Cow!”
As Monoras struck his arm, the stone monkey’s incarnation cracked and cracked.
“??????uh?”
bang! bang! bang! bang!
When I briefly came back to my senses, I was flying like a ball for several kilometers.
‘Ymir?’
If you have to compare it, it’s like that.
After bouncing Son Yoo-jeong, Monolas caught up with Sirone’s speed and threw out his fist.
“Kuuuuuuu!”
The wind pressure was visible and the shape of a huge fist pushed through the space.
‘Hand of God!’
As the fists of light gathered in the sky received the wind pressure, a spherical shock wave was generated.
Aaaaaaaaaa!
As half of the city was blown away, the screams of the demons came in faintly.
“Great!”
At the same time as experiencing unity, Shirone also had the same thoughts as Son Yu-jeong.
‘This Mir.’
But as Yahweh, let’s dig a little deeper.
‘The demon of Ymir.’
Just like reality, there are unrevealed mysteries in the underworld.
‘One of the biggest issues. Countless demons searched for Ymir’s demon, but in the end they couldn’t find it.’
Lethe had a monopoly.
“In the boss’s office… … In the boss’s room… … Monolas gurgled her nostrils and muttered, then her jaw snapped.
“I’m going in!”
At first glance, his low-level and impulsive personality made Sirone questionable.
‘Is this Ymir’s feelings?’ Giants cannot reproduce.
‘ no way?’
The moment Sirone realized it and opened his eyes wide, a second blow was struck.
Aaaaaaaang!
A force ten times more powerful than the first shock wave swept across the vast field of hell.
One eyelid of Monolas went up.
“Hoo?”
The reason I was surprised was because I didn’t know if there were things that I couldn’t break with my fist.
“Sirone, are you okay?” Lian, who was blocking the way before he knew it, was blocking Monolas’ fist with his sword.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1052.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Fine-tune(4)
Sirone looked at Lian’s broad back.
“Lian?”
Her back, as broad as a shield, was a relief, as always, but her temperament was different.
His will, which seemed like a volcanic eruption, was now densely compressed.
“Sirone, I will take care of it.”
If it’s Lian, there’s no room for muttering, but one thing needs to be clarified.
“be careful. This guy has Ymir’s horse.”
“Ymir?”
Rian wants to eliminate all potential dangers that could reach Sirone.
In that respect, Ymir was a mountain he had to overcome and his greatest rival.
“… … honey.”
Lian, who exchanged glances with Monolas with the large straight sword between them, frowned.
“I can’t believe that.”
It was clear that he was strong, but his temperament was too low to be called Ymir.
all.
“It’s a complicated matter. maybe.”
If Sirone put off explaining, Rian didn’t have the intention of digging too deep.
“okay. Leave this to me.”
Lian also knew that subduing the president of the chemical company was an urgent task.
“Please.”
As Sirone flew towards the city, Monoras twisted and took a position to follow.
“You can’t miss it.”
“hey.”
Ryan called.
“Your opponent is me. I know it’s because the moment you show your back, your torso will split in two.”
Normally, it was a monolas that wouldn’t even snort, but this time it couldn’t move.
Lian’s muscles grotesquely twisted and took the form of a gentle yaksha.
“quite??????!”
Before he could even finish his words, Lian’s fist was thrust directly into Monolas’ chin.
The pig’s face seemed to be crushed, but it flew hundreds of meters ahead and landed on the ground.
Aaaaaang!
As Rian pulled out his great sword and leaned forward, Monolas cut through the smoke and jumped out.
“Kuul!”
Woo woo woo!
The moment the fist and the big sword collided again, a flash of light exploded and a shockwave raged.
While both sides were shocked by the unimaginable resistance, Monolas tore his mouth open.
“It’s been a while since I’ve been working hard.”
Why is pain so pleasurable?
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
When the fist that was stretched out with determination hit the big sword, the shock was transmitted along the handle.
“Keugh!”
Lian’s skin was torn to pieces, and Monolas’ fists cracked open.
‘Doesn’t it break even after this?’
<Idea> is not destroyed.
“Whoa.”
Lian slowly backed away and let go of the straight sword as it fell to the floor with a ding.
While looking at the straight sword, Monoras looked at the chain connected to the palm of his hand.
“What is that? honey.”
Gehenna.
“It is a fire that consumes everything.” Lian, who had heated the sword red-hot, pulled the chain and held it in his hand, aiming at it.
“Your horse… … I will take it.” If it was really Ymir’s demon, it was unknown even to Lian if he could completely purify it.
“Mmm.”
Even Monoras, who had no interest in the Hell system, was aware of the Chains of Gehenna.
“haha. Kuck.”
Monoras’ muscles sprang up, and for the first time, life flashed in his eyes.
It was the energy of Ymir that was infallible.
” eat.”
Leading with an energy greater than Mount Tai, Monoras pushed out his upper body and charged.
‘It just swallows them all.’
Lette, who entrusted Syrone to Monolas, arrived at Magritte’s underground laboratory.
“president! Please be lenient!”
The generals all fell on their knees and pleaded, but Lethe’s response was cold.
“Magritte, you have let me down.” Trapped against the wall of the laboratory, Magritte was severely injured by the inferno.
“I will not make excuses. But it was done for Satan. Don’t you know?”
“Satan?”
Lethe laughed.
“Even Satan is nothing more than a creature born in the hell system. It’s not a world you guys made to spin as you please. The rules of the chemical company are strict.”
Magritte nodded.
“okay. now i get it From the beginning… … No matter how this world works, it must have had nothing to do with you.”
“What do you want to say?”
“I just want to ask you one question. Since there is a bond that has been together for 500 million years, he will answer you. No, even that time is but a moment to you?”
It was not a question to be asked before death, so the generals put on a puzzled expression.
“Duke, what is that… …
Magritte asked as if blocking out the noise.
“Who are you?” “Why do managers exist? Didn’t it really matter what happened in this world? Whether Satan wins or Yahweh wins, whoever wins… …
Magritte’s gaze penetrated Lethe.
“As long as this world can be maintained, you guys are not good at all.”
“You have lived too long, Magritte.” Lethe made a sad face.
“What does that matter? You guys are just my children. None of this would have happened if you hadn’t betrayed me.”
“betrayal? What betrayal?”
Magritte frowned.
“You already know my intention to help Satan. So that’s not it. What scares me the most is… …
The manager’s mission.
“Integration of systems. When the systems you separate and manage are integrated, we can go out to the outside world. Wasn’t that why you were trying to stop the collusion between me and Yahweh?”
“Are you talking about that again? Anyway, you guys, Lethe, were crying.
“I really don’t know. Whether or not there is an outside world, or what kind of place it is, even if you are a manager, you can’t tell. My authority extends only to this world.”
“i think so too. So this is just my stubbornness. Because delusion is possible. Even if you really don’t know about the outside world… …
Magritte looked up.
“You know the truth?”
Emotions disappeared from Lethe’s eyes, and a chill that could not exist in hell rose up.
“Rest.”
As the flames of purification burned Magritte’s body, the generals charged at once.
“grandee!”
But before they even got close, their bodies started to catch fire in hell.
“Miss Lethe! Mother of Hell! Please consider our loyalty!”
I am not afraid of extinction.
What is truly frightening is the fate of having to disappear before the truth.
‘We… …
Is the truth inaccessible?
Even in the midst of the generals disappearing, Magritte was desperately blocking the purification.
“Yes, you were an excellent kid.”
Royal lineage.
“It’s not like I was given the ability to do that. Isn’t that right, Archduke Magritte?”
As life dwells in Lethe’s eyes, the flame of purification burns dozens of times larger.
“Aaaaaaa!”
The moment the Archduke screamed, the Hand of God flew in and snatched him up.
‘The skill of the hand.’
The ability to deceive even Lethe’s cognition extinguished the purification fire and moved Magritte to a safe place.
“Lethe.”
Where she turned, Sirone stood.
“Lord Yahweh… …
I don’t know how far I heard it, but Shirone’s expression said it all.
“It is foolish to the end. Would annihilating Magritte help humanity?”
Magritte, whose whole body had been burned like charcoal, spat out harsh words as he leaned against the wall.
“Yahweh, kill Lethe. As long as that woman exists, we can never be united.”
“I will do this.”
Lethe took a step.
“I will disarm the Demon Realm. Also, demons will not disturb the human world.”
“Are you going to release it?”
Sirone bit her molars.
“Do you know how many humans have died? Do you even know how broken this world is to hear that simple word from you?”
“I just live like that.”
Sirone’s eyes widened, but she remained calm.
“Why are you so obsessed with the truth? If you go deep, you will not know anything. It is the essence of this world that it gradually becomes clearer, but in the end it becomes neither one nor the other.”
Humans cannot be perfectly defined.
“Love, for example. The level of understanding you feel the moment you hear that word is the human world. Well, even physical communion would be defined. Dig deeper into the chemistry of the brain. But chemistry is the action of molecules, molecules into atoms, atoms into quanta, and quanta… …
After stopping her explanation there, Lethe opened her arms.
“Where is the love in it? Look, you don’t know. If you dig into it, it will break. So you can just live in this world without thinking.”
It was such a cold world.
“Tell me one thing.” Sirone asked.
“What is the terrible truth? What is the truth that you were trying to confirm with your own eyes?”
“He will come back.” Lethe seemed to be performing advanced calculations.
“But then everything will be over. Your beliefs will also be in vain. Do you really want that?”
said the Archduke.
“It’s no use. No matter what you say, her heart won’t change. Because she has no heart.”
Having reached the same conclusion, Sirone approached while spreading the Miracle Stream.
“Then you have no choice but to input the signal yourself. We’ll see what output comes out.”
Lette groaned.
“Monoras.”
When there was no reaction, her pupils began to shake rapidly.
‘Why isn’t he coming?’
The moment Sirone rushed in like a flash, Lethe gave up the calculation and shouted loudly.
“Void!”
Black smoke billowed in front of her, and Deputy Chief Boyd blocked the way.
At the same time, Sirone was lifted up, and the Miracle Stream began to be sucked into the void.
“It’s no use.”
Darkness was spinning in Boyd’s eyes.
“I am the blank of the universe.”
If the universe is too full to store information, no new concepts can be created.
Time will not pass.
‘Entropy manager.’
Sirone pushed the hexa with all his might, but it felt empty to the point of futility.
“No matter how hard you try, you can’t get out of the vacuum. Stop giving up.”
“Is it really so?” Ultimate of mind – agape. Boyd’s face crumpled as the Miracle Stream burned with a brilliant radiance.
“The human mind transcends the universe.” The moment when a piece of information becomes so large that it can no longer be stored and its capacity is full.
“Big!”
The black pupil opened and cracked, and white light began to leak out.
‘It’s just information. deal with it It’s the only thing the universe can’t contain by simply squeezing it as much as possible.
“Damn it.”
As the huge void was filled with light, it became unable to process even a single signal.
“We will go all the way.”
At that point the world stops.
“Oohhh!”
Cracks formed in Boyd’s body, and thousands of beams of light leaked out, dismantling the signal.
“Whoa.”
Sirone took a deep breath and looked around, but Lethe was nowhere to be seen.
“… … stomach.”
The dying Archduke pointed his index finger at the ceiling and saw her, who had not yet gone far.
Sirone guessed the reason.
“Lian.”
She, who tried to get away from Yahweh as much as possible, was forced to stay in the air.
“… … no. It’s impossible.”
It was because he witnessed the evaporation of the earth being purified to the end of the horizon.
“Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Monolas, who had a great sword stuck in his chest, screamed as he grabbed the blade.
‘It’s probably not a level that humans can handle.’
Then what is that?
Lethe’s gaze moved along the chain and searched for the ignition point of the huge flame.
‘idea.’
One yaksa was enduring the hellfire, spewing white smoke from its mouth.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1053.txt
=============YYYYY=============
free electrons(1)
Rihanna in the fire.
‘Damn it.’
Purifying Ymir’s demons was on a different level from his previous emotions.
‘Is this Ymir?’
It was dissatisfaction without limits.
As if you haven’t breathed for over 100 million years, as if you haven’t excreted for over 1 billion years.
‘No creature can stand something like this.’
But in the cosmic contradiction he was born to endure, what will Ymir think?
“Kuaaa! i will eat it! I will eat them all!”
Monoras yearned endlessly.
The more he did, the bigger the flames of Gehenna became, and the land that turned into lava rolled over like the sea.
‘The height of emotion.’
The reason why Sirone couldn’t take action coincided with the reason Lethe was watching.
‘We’re pushing each other beyond our limits. Not providing a variable helps.’
Lian’s body began to melt as the chains of Gehenna crossed the limits of purification.
“Big!”
Blood ran up in Monoras’ eyes as he saw the burning flesh dripping down.
“I, I… …
The land of lava shook as much as a mountain.
“I will eat!”
A cold smile appeared on Lethe’s lips as Lian’s body evaporated with a thud.
“No one can stop Ymir’s demon. It would be the same in real life… …
She turned to Sirone.
“I feel sorry for you. Your efforts and the Archduke’s efforts were in vain. Just give up.”
Extinction in the underworld literally meant nothingness of existence.
“Can not help it.”
While Lethe’s eyes narrowed, Sirone continued.
“… … feel that When that happens, when those results have already come out.”
The lava rocked unnaturally, and the entire land began to swell up.
“But Lian is different. If you want to do that, you must do it. If Ymir’s power comes from contradiction, then Rian’s conviction must also be contradictory.”
Lian’s sword is a sword that denies everything.
“Also, denying everything means transcending the world and accomplishing it.”
You could say this.
“Divine Transcendence
Lethe turned her head as the lava that had been slowly swelling soared rapidly to the end of the sky.
There was shock in her eyes.
“That… …
It was probably Rihanna, so large that it could be seen even beyond the hellish horizon.
“Gaaaaa!”
There was no vocal cords in the lava in the form of a yaksha, but the world was shaken only by the common vacuum.
At that moment, Lethe realized.
“Monoras! Run away!”
But perhaps it was already too late, Monolas was suffering with his whites exposed.
“I will eat! I… … I… …
It flashed and the world was engulfed in light, and all matter within visual range evaporated.
Lethe, who was contorting with her face covered, opened her eyes as soon as the heat dissipated.
A huge pit with no end was formed as dark as outer space.
‘Everything has been purified.’
The land, Laviette, and the countless cities around it became nothing.
Sirone went into the pit. “Lian!”
As we descended several tens of kilometers, we heard the sound of tens of thousands of people screaming at the same time.
‘Dark Resonance. It’s a big deal.’
The abyss was created because Lian cleansed the whole land.
‘The sense of excitement is fading.’
Time does not pass in the abyss.
This is the same reason that time disappears when all matter in outer space is removed.
“Lian!”
Sensing that all 11 senses were paralyzed, Sirone exploded the light of Agape.
If you go deeper here, you will not even sense your own existence.
‘Where are you? where are you?’
A light as sharp as a blade broke through the darkness, but nothing was caught.
‘damn!’
It was no longer a space.
“Hey, hey. are you okay?”
In the darkness of the abyss, Son Yu-jeong groped for Lian’s body as if she had fallen dead.
Richera’s voice was heard from the waist.
“Quick get out of here. It’s a strange place. I think I will go crazy if I stay like this.”
Son Yoo-jung felt the same way.
‘Abyss.’
Powerful mother nature that swallowed countless yōkai.
“Son Yoo-jung.”
Hurrying to her senses, Son Yu-jeong focused her attention on the hand that was touching Rian.
‘I can’t be careless. The slightest distraction will make you lose your senses.’
To be honest, even now, he doubted whether the thing he was touching was real.
“Ah, it’s warm. Yoojung Son. The sea is so beautiful. My mother fell into the water… …
“shut up. Don’t be crazy.”
Son Yoo-jung shook Lian.
“Hey, hey! Come to your senses!”
“Puhihihi! So you idiot, you idiot, why are you rushing in to save this guy? You should have run away.”
I wanted to hit Richera on the head, but I couldn’t tell where my hand was.
‘Do you think I saved someone because I wanted to?’
If he could only act once while injured, he had to capture Lian.
‘In the abyss you lose yourself. The only one who can escape this place is this guy.’
Ideas would be the only criterion.
“hey! wake up! Get up and see!” I’m in a hurry, so I’ll do anything, but it’s probably hard to get my consciousness back
it was
‘I’ve never heard of a human being able to make something like this. This guy, where is the limit?’
Now I had no choice but to gamble.
‘hair. my hair.’
In a final effort of concentration, she plucked her hair and caused a string effect.
“Huh”
A faint light seemed to illuminate the surroundings, but darkness soon swallowed up my hair.
she screamed.
‘no! Wake!’
However, it was only a matter of consciousness, and the voice did not actually leak out.
‘ah! iced coffee!’
No matter how much I shouted, my senses did not return, and even my consciousness was plunged into darkness.
…….
The moment even the ego disappeared, a drop of light from the string fell down.
“huh?”
Feeling the refreshing energy wash over his mind, Lian slowly opened his eyes.
‘What is this again?’
Nothing was visible, and the fact that it was different from the darkness people commonly imagined was quickly discovered.
‘I can’t feel anything.’
When he stretched out his hand, Gehenna’s chains were sucked in and <Idea> was caught.
“Sirone.”
Lian, who was lost in thought with her head raised, gently raised the corner of her mouth.
“It got stronger.” Ymir’s demon absorbed by him energized his whole body as if it were about to explode.
“idea.”
The big sword is stuck in the dark.
“Divine transcendence.”
One coordinate that Lian pushed through redefined the nothingness of the abyss as a space.
“Lian!”
The light of Agape rushed in wildly, illuminating Lian’s surroundings brightly.
While Sirone met Lian’s eyes and smiled, Son Yu-jeong, whose joints all over her body were distorted, could be seen.
“anyway… …
In any case, it was admirable that they tried to save Lian, and the Hand of God captured them.
“let’s go.”
When he cast space movement in that state, a flash of light instantly pierced the abyss.
“Whoa.”
Directly beneath the cloud of fire, Lian inspected the great pit he had created.
“That’s amazing.”
Sirone nodded.
“huh. But this is only part of Hell. It will be much more difficult to purify the voice.” Rian grabbed the big sword and looked around.
“What about Lethe?”
“I left. see you again soon I’ll be waiting for you where the voice is.”
It was regrettable that a decision could not be made immediately, but Lian decided to bury it in the darkness of the abyss.
‘Magritte.’
It would have been nice to have a drink.
‘May you rest in peace.’
Stang National School of Magic. When I wake up in the morning, make coffee, and go to work, the students are training fiercely.
“hello.”
The teachers greeted Sirone.
“yes. Good morning.”
For wizards, Oh Dae-seong was an object of longing for the ivory tower, but he had a special feeling among them.
During World War II, most of the veteran teachers were recruited, so the teachers’ age was roughly the same as Sirone’s.
“Thank you so much for helping me with the advanced class make-up yesterday. You have no idea how moved the students were.”
“no. It’s definitely something you have to do.” The Magic Ten Members Association and even Amy come forward to teach the students, but the core is still Shirone.
Amy noticed that the female teachers’ gaze was changing day by day.
Amy, who had been watching Sirone chat, sighed, but heard a familiar voice.
“Oh Dae-sung is doing too much.”
Lampa, who had returned after receiving a special order from Sirone to check the situation in each country, was standing behind her.
“Mr. Lampa.”
“I don’t know much about dating, but it would be better to draw a line on that kind of thing.”
“It’s because I have a personality that can’t say things I don’t like.”
He didn’t show it, but he couldn’t help but feel a little relieved after hearing Rampa’s words.
‘No matter how busy he is at work, how come he never visits me in the middle of the night?’
However, it is not possible to find it out of shape first.
“Amy. Mr. Lampa.”
Sirone said goodbye to the teachers and approached, but Amy’s reaction was unexpectedly cold.
“red.”
Just as Sirone blinked, a wizard ran out of the training ground.
“brother!”
Amy was more embarrassed by the hug, but it was too shabby to feel jealous of a seven-year-old child.
“What is your training today?”
Sirone looked at Amy’s expression once more and greeted the Wizard with a smile.
“Today we are going to do a little special training.”
At the word special, Amy gently turned her head and showed interest.
“The Force, have you heard of it?”
“Force? no.”
It was basic for students who went through regular courses at magic schools, but wizards were unfamiliar.
As Sirone walked to the center of the training ground, teachers and students stopped training and gathered.
Receiving direct guidance was very helpful, but every moment of Sirone and Wizard’s training was history.
“Forthran.”
Sirone raised her index finger and said.
“Tell me about colliding an existing idea with another idea. You could call it a mind-changing skill.”
“Hmm.”
The Wizard nodded, but the voice was a nuance he didn’t quite understand.
“To put it simply… … Yes, if today is test day, I had a big fight with my parents in the morning. Then that person won’t be able to concentrate on the test because of what happened in the morning. yes?”
“Hmm.”
Sirone gave another example.
“A loved one has died. I was walking in sorrow when suddenly a carriage came running. At that moment, the brain forgets the person you love and runs fast to respond to the carriage.”
“aha.”
“Force is to use it artificially. As far as magic goes, it replaces the batteries in an instant.”
Wizard understood.
“It is a very cool technology. It’s also cruel. You have to forget the person you love.”
“Haha, yes.”
Sirone suddenly became serious.
“If you don’t, you will die.”
“… … yes.”
“The basic is cross force. Keep crashing the batteries along the crossroads. In this way.”
A curtain of light spread over Sirone’s head, and a cross over 10 meters in length was drawn.
“It would be faster to see it than to say it. This arcane magic will show my force in real time.”
Wizard swallowed and nodded.
“?????Force.”
The moment Sirone spit out, numerous marbles symbolizing each magic filled the cross.
Kaka Kaka Kaka Kaka!
The marbles bounced off at great speed, and the effect flashed over the heads of people around them.
“Speech, nonsense.”
When Oh Dae-seong’s buff magic came in,
Not only the students but also the teachers looked at their bodies.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1054.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Free Electrons (2)
The students felt the effect of clearing their minds as if they had taken an elixir.
‘I’ve exceeded my limits.’
Her body trembled with a sense of exhilaration she had never experienced with any buff magic.
Lampa said.
“You are certainly considerate, Oh Dae-seong.”
Sirone’s buff is dangerous.
This is because it is so excellent that it can even change the mind of the target that received the buff.
said Amy.
“I don’t use buffs that increase power. It is an excellent judgment from an educational point of view.”
After the demonstration and the effect of the buff disappeared, the teachers and students blinked.
It felt like waking up from a dream.
“ah??????
The world seen in a state where the sense of refreshment had disappeared was somehow unnatural.
Sirone explained.
“This is a buff that increases the density of the Spirit Zone. If you recall the feelings from a moment ago, good results will come.”
How many times do you have to train yourself to be able to taste the state of a moment ago again?
Even so, it was a great privilege to be able to experience a certain state for a while.
Unlike the excited students, Wizard had a serious expression on his face and was lost in thought.
“How about it, can you do it?”
“yes.”
The answer came immediately.
“But why should I learn this?”
At the question, perhaps for the first time, students and teachers turned to her.
“Brother, no teacher.”
During education, the title of older brother was forbidden.
“I know that time is running out. What you want is for me to grow to the point where I can kill Habits.”
It was to block the wavering of emotions, but this time there was a sense of crossing the line.
“Wizard.”
“sorry. I want to convey it properly. but… … It’s true anyway.” “I want to focus on mission success rather than survival issues. I know that he is not a weak enough opponent to kill while taking care of his life.”
Sirone did not waver.
“If you really think so, solve my assignment as soon as possible. That’s the fastest way.”
The eyes of the two collided for a moment.
“great.”
The Wizard let out a sigh and used his arcane magic to draw a cross like the one Sirone had seen.
“Force.”
Effects exploded over the heads of the people around.
The effect of the buff was amazing, but the speed at which it collided with the accident was about to exceed that of Sirone.
“oh my god… …
It seemed that the wizard’s heart was visible, wanting to be fully acknowledged as a wizard.
‘Applied here.’
As numerous oblique lines were created at the center of the cross, the form of thought began to form a sphere.
The eyes of the ten magicians shook in shock.
“That… … It’s three-dimensional, right?”
“Surely amazing.”
Rampa couldn’t help but admit it.
“Three-dimensional thinking is probably an effect of maternal awakening, but applying it to the Force is a completely different matter.”
That’s why I was more curious about Sirone’s reaction.
‘It’s a war of nerves between the priests… …
Those who felt the same thought remained silent even after the Force demonstration was over.
“ha. ha.”
The Wizard was breathing heavily, but he didn’t take his eyes off Sirone.
“Are you done now?”
“You have excellent skills. Very well done.”
“Now then, teach me how to fight. Running away from satan
How to fight Nira.”
“I thought so from the beginning.”
While the wizard made an expression that he did not understand, Sirone cast an arcane magic.
“what?… “?”
Sirone, who had built the same three-dimensional thinking as the wizard, opened her mouth in that state.
“The reason I taught utilities was, of course, to increase my chances of survival. but… …
Wizard’s face froze.
“I can say this is what I really want to show you.”
Teachers who hadn’t noticed it because it was such a fast force suddenly realized it.
“uh? uh?”
The buffs that had to collide in turn were changing the order at will.
“The fourth dimension… …
Wizard murmured.
“okay. When cells transcend space and change their order, it means that they transcend time.”
It was the height of the sense of excitement.
“Siok is always by Havitz’s side. If you can destroy the time barrier, the mission success rate will rise dramatically. The reason I chose the utility series is also because this method is the best for training a sense of urgency.” Finally, I realized the deep meaning of Sirone.
It was a wizard, but honestly, I couldn’t guarantee it.
“I don’t know. Can I?” Opening up new senses is a talent
belonged to the domain of the species, not the realm of the
“It may fail. So it’s a gamble, but I think it’s well worth the time investment.”
To the Wizard, who absorbs teachings like a sponge, an hour was like gold.
‘But I can’t let Shi-ok go unnoticed. It is a matter that must be addressed.’
The wizard, who was thinking seriously, raised his head.
“How long can I do it?”
≪ o Huh
Sirone looked at the sky and said.
“Give me a day.”
“yes?”
The blinded Wizard was crying, but Sirone was impregnable at times like this.
“Until tomorrow morning. If you find a way, come to me.”
Wizard, who was rolling his eyes left and right, suddenly asked.
“Can I use any method?” Sirone nodded her head and she walked out of her training ground without looking back.
After the Wizard’s training was over, Sirone walked over to Amy.
“did you sleep well? Did your hair grow a lot?”
“ah.”
Raising her gaze, Amy ran her fingers through her invisible short hair.
She wasn’t black-haired, but compared to the other female teachers, she was still unattractive.
“I was so busy I didn’t even have time to care. Shall we go out for lunch later?”
Amy shook her head.
“no. Maybe the Wizard will change. I’d rather just be at school today.”
She was still considerate of Sirone, but her emotions were more restrained than usual.
“Then, even in the school cafeteria… …
“okay.”
Amy turned around hastily.
“see you then.”
He hated the contradictory feelings of being saddened by his rejection, and even more hated having those feelings exposed.
Lampa approached behind Sirone.
“Ms. Amy seems to have a lot on her mind. Oh Dae-sung never stops flirting with him.”
“It is not so. I never thought of that… …
“Chuck! What are you going to do by explaining to me? Everyone wants to look their best in front of Jung In. Could it be that short hair bothered you?”
“Please. How proud I am of Amy’s short hair. It’s the price you pay for saving humanity.”
“… … Maybe that’s the problem? After all, a woman’s heart is something that even Buddhas do not know.”
Sirone was not without a corner to be stabbed.
“Actually, I haven’t met Amy separately since I came here.”
“Do you doubt your own heart?”
“no. Rather the opposite. Every time I see Amy, her heart races. but… …
I thought that once I threw my heart into her, the problems of the world and mankind would become insignificant.
“Well, it’s a bit strange to have things in your hands over someone you love. You’ll do just fine, but don’t abuse your own heart too much. Just because you can control your mind doesn’t mean the pain will go away
yo. this.”
Looking at Amy’s back as she walked away, Sirone pondered Rampa’s words.
That night.
Sirone, Iruki, and Nade wiped out the remnants of demons in a remote village.
“Oh, Lord Yahweh.”
After leaving the pilgrimage, the name of Yahweh spread rapidly through people’s mouths.
As with rumors, the incident was bound to be exaggerated and glorified, but at least Sirone’s sincerity was conveyed.
“A ray of light that has come down to this turbid world, please save us.”
Even though they didn’t say anything in particular, the fact that they knew it first made a deep impression on Sirone and the others.
‘The rate of spread is accelerating.’
This is because only one person speaks, but the number of ears that hear cannot be counted.
Nade raised his voice.
“The beginning is small, but the end will be great. Wouldn’t this be a joke in the city?” The creation of the center of humanity was the core of the Ultima Project, but Sirone was wary of being careless.
“I can’t relax. The Pope’s backlash won’t be easy. It’s late today, so let’s stay here and move on to the next place at dawn.”
Perhaps it was true that she was in a good mood, but Sirone ordered a drink different from other times.
Nade got drunk.
“Haha, it feels good to drink after a long time. I’m in a good mood, so I miss my Liz. Isn’t that right, Iruki?”
It was a trip because he wanted to, but from the lover’s point of view, it was like a life separation.
“Why am I your girlfriend?”
“You fool, Dorothy. Jjasik, pretending to be cold while feeling good about yourself.”
Iruki turned around.
“By the way, how is Amy? Are you distracted by wizard training these days?”
Nade suddenly realized.
“Oh, is that so? Aren’t you alone? It’s good to know what the two of you are doing right now. I’ll beat you up if you say nonsense like incidents outside of your cognition don’t exist.”
Sirone laughed.
“Yeah, fine. Training is also going smoothly.”
Unexpectedly, Nade put down his beer mug and spoke seriously.
“By the way, don’t you think we should clarify at this point? why do you have that Want to enter a dungeon and find treasure? Or dig a hole… …
Iruki looked at him pathetically.
“Why are you curious about that?”
“I am not curious! Of course there can be no secrets between us. how about you?”
“What am I?”
When Iruki replied blandly, Nade turned to Sirone who was sitting across from him.
“huh? what, what?”
Realizing the reaction of avoiding his gaze, Nade opened his mouth with an absurd expression.
“Could you… …
Is there no lingering attachment to the world?
“No, apart from you, what the hell is Amy doing? Did you guys fight again?”
Even Iruki was surprised.
“Haha, not like that. Actually, something like this happened. Besides, my schedule is so busy… …
“What is the matter?” Nade jumped up from her seat and approached Sirone, pulling her by the ear.
“Ouch! what are you doing?”
Nade’s voice hit my eardrums.
“Hey Sirone! Listen to me from now on! If you just follow your instincts and trust this innocent person here, you will die of old age as a widower for the rest of your life!”
“Where is the body?”
Sirone shook Nade and caressed her ear.
“Do you know what communication equipment this is? All countries are the same. And it’s not meant to be communicated this way.”
but.
“Ha, without knowing the speed of others.”
Nade’s voice was accurately transmitted to Sirone in Stang Kingdom, hundreds of kilometers away.
‘I know that no one is a person.’ it’s instinct
‘Well, it could have been cold.’
Lampa and her friends were more worried about Amy who had waited so far than herself.
“good! I’ll try bumping into it.”
Not knowing what was good, Shirone left the inn in a half-excited mood.
The light was on in Amy’s room.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1055.txt
=============YYYYY=============
free electrons (3)
Brushing her teeth in front of the mirror, Amy lifted her short hair.
It’s not that I don’t like it.
She was a soldier, and she knew how useless ostentation was in battle.
But when she gets out of the battlefield and returns to her daily life, isn’t she a woman too?
” Ugh.”
As I was leaving after washing my face, I heard a knock.
“Amy, are you in your room?” Sirone’s voice.
The thing I had imagined countless times happened, but when it came to reality, I was terrified.
“wait for a sec.”
After wiping her face with a towel, she opened the door and saw Sirone smiling awkwardly.
“What’s up, at this hour?”
“Uh, that… …
Amy sighed.
“come in.”
After looking around the hallway for a moment, Amy shut the door and locked it.
clap.
With the sound louder than the thunder, Amy spoke first.
“Did you come because what happened this morning was still in your mind?”
“That’s it, Amy… …
“are you okay. It’s true that I was disappointed, but now I’ve come to a good conclusion. I was too sensitive.”
I really thought it was a strong heart.
‘That’s why I like it.’
Amy smiled and turned around.
“Thank you for telling me. I thought you didn’t know at all, but were you still paying attention?”
“Haha, of course not.”
The misunderstanding in the morning was resolved, but Sirone, who had already made up his mind, did not leave.
“then… … Can I just go now?”
“No, since you’ve already come, why don’t you give me some tea?”
“Would you like to sit here for a minute?”
When Sirone said, tapping the seat next to the bed, Amy finally realized too.
“Why all of a sudden… …
Silenced, she put her buttocks on the bed, and Sirone leaned over.
“for a moment!”
Sirone froze as if time really stopped.
“Why why?”
Amy got out of bed, turned off the lights, and returned to Sirone’s side.
Sirone’s time, when she didn’t move a fingertip until she came back, passed again.
“Amy… …
Around the time when you hear rustling in the dark and each other’s breathing becomes rough.
“Oh Dae-sung!”
Someone slammed the door.
At the same time, the two raised their upper bodies and rolled over, and Sirone got out of bed.
“who are you?”
When I turned on the lights and looked behind me, Amy was fixing her clothes under the futon.
“Oh Dae-sung! Are you inside?”
It was the voice of Nikolai, the headmaster.
If he had really come to see Sirone, it would have been a serious disrespect, but he didn’t even have time to think about it.
“wait a minute.”
When I opened the door, Nikolai, with a pale face, was standing there in a cold sweat.
“What are you doing?”
“sorry. A guest came… … Well, you weren’t in the room, so I came here.”
“customer?”
If you are a certified 4th class wizard, you have a spirit that will not be shaken by anything.
Knowing this, Amy stepped out of the fire and came to the door.
“Who the hell are you?”
There was anger mixed in that I couldn’t normally hear, and Sirone also voted for her.
“I-that’s… …
It was only after Nikolai stepped back, wiping his forehead with a handkerchief, that Sirone sensed it.
“ah!”
It was a promise that came to my mind out of nowhere.
“Sirone.”
The door opened slowly and Amy opened her mouth with a dazed expression as a guest entered.
She wasn’t human, and that’s why she had a beautiful appearance that couldn’t be seen in the human world.
” mom.”
Archangel Ichael entered with a smile.
“mom? Mother?”
The conclusion reached after quickly organizing her thoughts hit Amy’s backbone.
“what? mom?”
Ikael’s eyebrows went up in an unexpected atmosphere.
“I came right away because the matter was urgent. Have I ever disturbed you?”
It was because of the Wizard’s work.
Also, due to the nature of simultaneous events, it is impossible for two Sirone to be in the same space, so he and Ekael decided to meet in advance and separated from each other in another country.
‘I really didn’t expect you to come tonight…
After sending the principal back, Sirone introduces each other awkwardly between the two women.
“This is Amy. Amy, uh, this is my biological mother… …
It was awkward when I tried to speak.
“It’s Ikael.”
“hello. This is Amy.”
Ikael looked at Amy, who greeted her politely, with subtle eyes.
‘It’s this kid.’
When Sirone first came to heaven, she was one of the women she tried to save with all her might.
“I’ve heard a lot about Sirone. Very pretty. I am Ichael.”
The reason why he couldn’t say that he was his biological mother was because he still felt guilty towards Sirone.
Sensing a subtle nuance, Amy immediately got to the point.
“But what happened?” Sirone explained.
“that is… … Archangel Satiel has become the new archangel and is leading the armies of Heaven. At first, the archangels split apart, but it seems that Rayel sided with Satiel.”
There were also many things in the army of heaven.
“My mom and I traveled all over the world trying to convince ordinary angels. but no results. It seems that everyone has decided to follow Satiel.”
“Not even one person?”
Ikael explained.
“Angels are a little different from humans. Unanimity is extremely rare in human society, but angels act with absolute standards. If there is a difference of opinion, it will be decided by the Archangel Council, Baekkyung.”
Ikael was the final decision maker.
“The reason why the ordinary angels decided to follow Satiel is that they agreed with the absolute standard, namely the special mission of restoring the authority of heaven.”
Syrone added.
“Baekgyeong is the highest authority in heaven.
It was a coordinating body with The fact that the two of them came together must have played a big role. If Uriel stands by her mother’s side, he might be able to shake the armies of Heaven… …
Uriel was thinking of killing Ikael.
“Hmm.”
asked Amy, who had rested her chin on her head and was lost in thought.
“What is Satiel up to? If he had rallied the armies of Heaven, something should have happened right away. But I heard that for the first time today.”
“We don’t know for sure. At some point tracking became impossible. It is certain that it is within the planet, but according to Lampa-san’s investigation, it has been cut off from the Jive Kingdom.”
“Hmm, Xybra. It is a strong country.”
“okay. It won’t be unrelated to the temple assembly. Both the giants and the fairies are showing their own movements. There are many cards that Tormia can use, but depending on the situation in Heaven, it is not a safe situation.”
“Yes. The Fermi side is also suspicious.” Ikael said.
“Sorry for not being helpful. If the angels could be persuaded, Amy shook her head. “It is not so. The reason why the angels left is because Sirone, and furthermore, raised the hand of humans. I don’t represent anyone, but I appreciate it.”
Seeing Ikael’s smile restored, Amy naturally felt better.
“however… … What happened here today?”
Sironer] said.
“Ah, because of the wizard, I asked you to come. It will help open up your sense of time.”
“aha.”
Sirone also learned Ataraxia by resonating with Ikael.
“But wouldn’t it be dangerous? You said, you could lose yourself if you don’t.”
“So your will is important. it will probably be fine He is very talented and above all because he is young. Age is important for opening the senses.”
At the end of his speech, Ikael suddenly looked away with a cold expression on his face.
It was an instant, so no one realized it, but Ikael sensed the abnormal movement of the electric charge.
‘what?’
Sirone would have felt it if he concentrated, but the difference was that this Kael’s senses were always activated.
“Mom, why is that?”
In the meantime, the awkwardness has disappeared a lot, but Ikael at this time had great power.
Ikael relaxed his expression and said.
“It’s late at night, so I’ll go home. The two of you should spend a little more time together. I didn’t notice.”
Ichael was almost the only angel who experienced how humans love.
“no. I was going to sleep too. I called because I had something to discuss. Right, Sirone?”
Grinning at this, Amy glared at Sirone and signaled to leave.
“Oh, right. It did. Get out of here, Mom. I’ll ask if there are any vacant rooms and come back.”
“You don’t have to. Then I have work to do, so I’ll go out. I’ll see you in the morning.”
There was no way that there was anything Sirone didn’t know about, so he thought he was just being considerate.
“good night. Sirone, sleep well too.”
After escorting Sirone and Ikael out the door, Amy closed the door and leaned back.
“Whoa.”
It didn’t seem like I’d be fooling around for a while.
Early morning when everyone is asleep.
Blue electricity got tangled on the roof of the inn and turned into a person crouching down like a cat.
oh oh oh
The man who let out a long breath was wearing tight black tights.
“… … It’s tricky.”
As electricity flowed through the white mask that covered his face, an expression made of neon came to mind.
A childish expression as if drawn by a child.
The eyes expressed in lines were X-shaped, and the lips were curved like waves.
“But since I got paid… …
Gunzo Bedium.
He was the father of Gunzo Licorn, who was killed by Sirone, and was the best assassin in the Black Line.
When he heard the news that his son had died, Bedium printed out a teary expression (CTT).
That was all.
‘Should I take a look at the liver?’
If Ikael hadn’t come to the room, it would have been a great opportunity to kill Sirone.
‘Amy.’
With the situation like this, it was urgent to shake Shirone’s heart first.
Tsutsutsutsu!
Once again, his body was released into a free charge, and a big smile was printed on the mask.
Disappearing as if he was sinking to the ground, he reappeared in a room that smelled good.
Amy was asleep.
Bedium, sensing her brainwaves through free charge, nodded slightly.
‘Extremely stable.’
In his hand was a dagger made of electricity that looked like an S stretched up and down.
‘I have no feelings.’
If you prick it, the current will flow through your organs and your heart will stop.
‘That’s what life is all about.’
While chanting a magic spell to get rid of death, he swung the dagger down at the pit of the stomach.
Pajijijijik!
At the same time, his chest was electrified.
‘ what?’
Realizing the fist had pierced his body, he moved to a corner and raised his head.
‘archangel.’
The silhouette of a beautiful woman over two meters tall was looking down at Amy.
‘But why now? Could it be that he was noticing my presence?’
Ikael asked, slowly turning his head.
“Who are you? Why are you targeting this child?” Bedium printed out an expression with his eyes squinting cutely and his tongue sticking out to the side.
all.
‘It’s embarrassing.’
A drop of sweat flickered.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1056.txt
=============YYYYY=============
free electrons (4)
‘How did you get in?’
Bedium is Lichen’s father, but he is no longer his biological father.
His body is electric, and he can go anywhere in the world because he controls the movement of electric charges.
‘Is it the ability of an angel?’
Staying in Amy’s room as Her Highness, he remembered all the conversations.
In the process, he even found out that Ikael was an angel, but he did not know his exact abilities.
‘Ordinary people, no, no matter how brilliant they are, can’t see through the movement of the state of charge. thus… …
There is no chance of winning in a head-to-head confrontation.
“Answer me.”
As Ikael moved, his face was revealed in the moonlight coming through the window.
The eyes engraved on the white mask turned into hearts, but the atmosphere was just cold.
“That woman… … Because you are Sirone’s lover.”
“Sirone?”
“okay. What I’m aiming for is Sirone. If you kill that woman, you can shake Sirone’s feelings.”
The reason for being honest was to get a chance to escape somehow.
‘No matter how quickly I react, I won’t be able to get out of her senses.’
If it was enough to ignore space like the scale wizard, his mobility would be enormous.
“Hmm.”
Perhaps thinking he had caught all the fish, Kael rested his chin on his chin and was lost in thought.
Bedium was still unable to move, so her judgment was not wrong.
“why… … Are you trying to kill Sirone?”
“That guy… …
Delicate and complex lines were drawn on the white mask, which was all about expressing simple emotions.
It was the face of a demon as clear as real life.
“Because you killed my son.”
“what’?”
At the same time as he thought that it was now, Bedium’s body was released into an electric charge again.
“this!”
When he regained consciousness, the flow of charge had weakened to the point that it was difficult to trace.
‘I was aiming for this.’
It was only necessary to hold on to Ikael for the moment the electricity stayed in the space.
‘He is a very strong man. But Sirone killed his son, what happened?’
As soon as the day dawned, you would know if you asked Sirone, but she changed her mind.
‘Sirone is my son.’
In any situation, protecting the children was the priority.
Watching Amy, who was still asleep, her body spread into light again.
‘I will solve it.’
A soundless explosion of light occurred, and the room was silent as if nothing had happened.
‘That’s ridiculous.’
Bedium, which roamed in the state of free electrons in the air, felt the presence of Ikael.
Although it can read human brain waves, it did not analyze their exact thoughts, that is, their language.
However, angels are different from humans, so her thoughts were felt through the holy body.
Ikael turned at a right angle, ignoring the inertia.
‘It’s over there.’
In Amy’s room, Bedium perfectly fooled Ichael’s senses.
‘Jeong 增 ?’
It was a natural sense that was not amplified to the last.
Ikael’s senses were so sensitive right now that he could even hear the breath of a butterfly sleeping in the forest.
‘has disappeared.’
With a loud bang, Ikael stopped.
‘I got rid of my thoughts.’ In the free electron state, the presence of bedium is zero, but when a certain accident occurs, the charge cannot be blocked.
“I don’t know why I came to be like that, but… …
Ichael treated him with respect.
“The cessation of thought is the cessation of existence. It won’t stay that way forever.”
A gust of wind blew through the stillness.
“Come out. I’d love to hear from you. In some cases, I may give in.”
his son is dead
Although Sirone was with her now, she knew the pain of losing a child.
Parts Tsutsutsutsu!
Sparks exploded all around and the grass 10 meters away from Ikael caught fire.
In the place where ashes ascended like a whirlpool, Bedium revealed the human body again.
The mask was just blank like a blank sheet of paper.
“Are you an angel? It’s unusual.”
Contrary to admiration, it was a tone without fear.
“You are a strong human being too. Said Sirone killed your son.
Is that true?”
“okay.”
“If Syrone did anything wrong, “You don’t have to.”
Bedium held out her hand and cut off her words.
“My son is also an assassin. He must have died trying to kill Shirone. It’s just business. I have no special feelings for Sirone.”
Ikael understood the situation, but he did not think Bedium was being honest.
“In order to achieve what emotions want, should we rather kill them?”
“… … It’s not like an angel. Of course, it’s the first time I’ve seen it, but I thought it would be a little more cool.”
Ikael thought of Guffin.
“Because there is no existence without a heart.”
“So, why did you track me down? Are you saying you want to eliminate Sirone’s risk factors in advance?”
“I am also a parent. Even if there was a good reason, the sadness itself doesn’t go away. If you apologize in the way you want, will you forgive Sirone?”
“??????doesn’t exist.”
Bedium said.
“I have already received the request fee, and there is also money to be received after completion. It was my mistake not to grasp the power of angels clearly. But you won’t make a mistake twice.”
His eyes turned into money symbols ($).
Ikael did not give up.
“If you want money, I will give it to you. No matter how much you call, I will get it.”
“no.”
It has a different meaning from ‘no’.
” The reason is?”
Bedium, who had been lost in thought for a long time, spat out as if muttering.
“To that guy… … You can’t be embarrassed.”
Rye Kern.
It was probably the most painful thing for Ikael, so she gently turned around.
“great.”
The slender fist aimed at Bedium.
“If it’s a matter of emotion, then I do as I feel. single blow. I’ll beat you with this If you can’t, then do as you please.”
Bedium did not understand, but had no choice.
“You will regret it.”
His body glowed bluish.
“Show off your best skills. I can assure you, it will be completely different from what you have known so far.”
Even if it perishes forever.
Bedium, which glared at Ikael, who was silently holding out his fist, evaporated into electricity.
之 == wealth = poetry
At the same time, blue sparks flew everywhere.
Currently, the stream of thought forming Bedium was the intent to kill Ikael.
‘kill.’
If the sky is aiming at Ikael and throws a thunderbolt, the sensitivity to avoid it.
‘just now!’
Bedium rushed into the natural world’s vital point, not human insight.
Time is extremely slow.
Even when Bedium’s blow came close to me, Ikael didn’t even move.
However, the starlight unfolded.
‘Ataraxia.’ As if ignoring the relativity of time, the senses became extremely sensitive to the magic circle that was born.
Feeling the movement of the electrons in her hand, she twisted her body at breakneck speed.
‘middle!’
The outstretched fist twisted its trajectory and struck Bedium’s mask.
jump.
The mask cracked, and Bedium’s body was shot backwards like an electric cannon.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The white mask floating alone on the meadow was pulled down by gravity.
An expression with the eyes drooping down was printed.
“It was close.”
Ikael said with a fist.
“I don’t think you are the one who breaks your promise. I just want to hear Yuji. What happened to that body?”
“Queek! Kirik… …
The mask made a mechanical sound for a moment, then managed to regain a human voice.
“You know what? Stuffy talk in the world, no one wants to hear it. your son is alive That’s it.”
A cold wind passed, and Bedium’s mask spoke in a lower voice than before.
“Why are you curious about that? My son tried to kill Sirone. There would be no reason to sympathize with me. Why did he dare to give me a chance’?”
“My son died a long time ago. in front of my eyes… … Because my throat was cut.” “I do not know. Self-defense, maybe your son was bad, most people would think so…
Ikael’s eyebrows rose sadly.
“Emotions are not like that. Even if the parents’ minds are the same, there are situations that cannot be dealt with logically because they have had the same experience.”
It’s been so long.
“I don’t know exactly. Why did my body become electricity? But what is clear is… …
Bedium searched for memories.
“After hearing about Licorn’s death from the client, I decided to kill Sirone. It must have been from then. What effect did the enmity towards Sirone have? … . Maybe I’m already dead, and only my memories have been restored.”
Ikael recalled the words he had heard from Sirone.
‘Fine-tuning.’
Bedium’s voice was so low that you couldn’t hear it unless you listened closely.
“Because you can learn a lot when you become an electrician. Most of them cannot be put together in words, but the feeling is. The world seems to hate your son.”
Ikeel’s expression turned serious.
‘For those who hate Sirone, fine adjustments are made. Active involvement of the outside world.’
The ceiling of the world is half open.
“Who instigated the assassination?”
“I can’t say that. Because it’s the pride of a professional. But Sirone guesses
I will be there.”
Ikael didn’t ask any more questions.
“I have nothing more to say. by the way… … When the hell am I going to disappear?”
The body was lost, but the thoughts spread slowly, like a smell dissipating.
so that was possible.
“Did you say Ikael?”
Ikael, who was bowing his head as if meditating, looked back at Bedium.
“This is so strange. No, should I say weird? I will give you good information.”
He was on the verge of the outside world.
“To God… …
Neon flowed on the surface of the mask, revealing an expression with a tongue sticking out.
“Time goes backwards.”
“what?”
Before Ikael could ask, the neon lights went out, and the cracked mask slowly disappeared.
A story that even an archangel could not understand.
But she put her thoughts aside for a moment and turned her head away as if chasing death with her gaze.
‘I hope it was at least a life full of something.’
good and evil, whatever.
The next morning, Ikael told Sirone what had happened last night.
Sirone roughly guessed.
‘Gyorgi.’
He was the head of a department called the Catacombs organized by the army of hell to assassinate Yahweh.
“I didn’t say it out of fear, but there were assassination attempts in other areas as well. But this time… …
It was terrifying in that he was aiming for an aide.
‘I was too careless. No, in fact, I couldn’t be more careful than this. the problem is… …
fine tuning.
‘It is impossible to be wary of anything other than the cosmological constant. That’s why I went to the outside world too.’
Ikael said.
“Time goes backwards for God. Those are the last words he said. Any guesses?”
“no. I can hypothesize a few things, but nothing is definitive. But you’ll find out soon. I’m on my way to an ancient ruin with Mr. Zulu.”
Canis and Arin also joined.
‘First of all, a wizard.’
At the same time as I thought, I turned my head and saw a wizard walking towards the training ground just in time.
My eyes were puffy, perhaps because I had stayed up all night, and I had lost my sight in just one day.
‘You tried.’
If the genius of the century worked hard enough to burn calories in one day, what would the result be?
“teacher.”
As the Wizard approached Sirone, the teachers watched with gulps.
“okay. You spent a whole day Are there any results?”
“day.”
The Wizard’s expression, which had been glaring at Sirone, suddenly turned into a tearful expression.
“Can you give me one more day?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1057.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of Information (1)
The wizard’s crying face was cute, but Sirone could read the earnestness in that expression.
‘You’re really resentful.’
Sirone, who had already opened her sense of time, knew how difficult it was.
‘Human beings are supposed to perceive time based on the signals of light. To destroy it… …
A fundamental part of the brain must change.
“good.”
The Wizard’s face turned red, but Sirone said something different from what he expected.
“Training ends here. It seems that the resolution is sufficient, so let’s open up the sense of oppression now.”
“What do you mean?”
The flow of time is just an illusion of the brain, so it can be dangerous if you suddenly open your sense of time.
Because if the present is destroyed, there is no past and no future.
“The reason I gave you this day is for now. You have to think about time as much as you can, so you can deal with common sense-defying shocks.”
Sirone turned to Ikael.
“This is my mother, Ikael. Archangels’ senses are far superior to those of humans. From now on, you will experience the process of resonating with this person.”
“mother?”
Wizard raised his head all the way.
With her short stature, it was difficult to see the face of Ikael, who was over two meters tall.
“nice to meet you. You are a Wizard.”
As Ikael lowered his head and smiled, the Wizard’s mouth opened slightly.
‘awesome.’
The special dignity that goes beyond human aesthetic standards is contained in the form as it is.
Teachers and students had similar feelings.
‘An angel. Nonsense.’
It was the moment when rumors that Sirone’s real mother was not human were proved in reality.
“Hmmmm.”
Headmaster Nikolai came through, clearing his throat.
“I’ve heard about possession, but wouldn’t it be dangerous? I am in a position to protect students… …
It was a word that was conscious of the Wizard’s parents, but there seemed to be a reason for the conversation.
Ikael said with a smile.
“Since Sirone said it was okay, there won’t be any big problems. If it becomes dangerous, I will stop.”
“Heh heh, as well as the students, Ikael-san should also vouch for it. You are the great star of mankind.”
“You are talking too much. thank you.” Sirone narrowed her eyes as she watched Nikolai’s mouth ringing in her ears.
‘ if??????
Amy was stabbed in the side.
“What do you care about? It’s because I can’t express it, but everyone has that kind of crush. Besides, it’s obvious that your mother doesn’t care.”
“I know. just… …
Sirone has no prejudice.
He only knew how much Ikael loved Guffin and how happy he was.
“Then let’s begin.”
Ikael stroked the Wizard’s head.
“Believe in yourself. That’s what I believe in soon. From now on, I will absorb the asteroid into your head. We will think with one mind, and in the process, we will be able to awaken a sense of oppression.”
Syrone added.
“Remember that the present is in your heart.”
The wizard nodded, and when he opened his eyes, Ikael absorbed the asteroid.
“omg.”
The child’s chest swelled greatly, and the light in his eyes leaked through his quivering eyelids.
The son-in-law was still silent, but a roaring conversation was supposed to be going on in the Wizard’s brain.
“Huh!”
His eyelids and shoulders trembled, and his entire body began to vibrate as if he had been electrocuted.
At the limit of that vibration, the Wizard awoke.
“Aaaaa!”
As the barrier of time was broken, the past and the future were all perceived as the present.
‘I have to catch it here!’
As he concentrated on his mind, the sense of violence subsided and he felt his presence clearly.
“ha! ha!”
It took a moment to let out a rough breath, and her eyes widened at the newly opened sensation.
“uh? what?”
The present was too long.
How would it feel to live in the past as if it were present for others?
“You succeeded.”
“teacher.”
The Wizard, who was about to approach Sirone, stopped at the sudden sense of death.
“Then next step.”
With the Hand of God floating above her head, Sirone let out in a cold voice.
“You’re dodging my attack.”
During training, he was a wizard who was not childish, so he immediately nodded.
“??????Goes.”
A huge fist of light flew. The Wizard’s face turned pale at the speed and power that were on a completely different level from his training so far.
“for a moment??????!”
Aaaaaang!
The Hand of God slammed the ground with a roar, crushing her body like an ant.
The corner of Sirone’s mouth went up slightly.
“pass.”
Seconds up here.
“Hehe, thank you.”
What remained in reality was the image of the priests looking at each other with friendly eyes.
Arriving in the capital of Kessia, Sirone looked around the deserted streets.
‘It looks like a ghost town.’
Only numerous pretends of popularity felt inside the building denied that fact.
The last time he came to Kessia, it was a place where murder, looting, and arson were commonplace.
‘What the hell did he do?’ There was no human being living normally, so even rumors did not circulate.
‘Anyway, it seems certain to have kept the emotional illness at bay. No, I can’t see this being blocked.’
Sirone stopped in front of a high-rise building with a symbol of a golden ring hanging from the spire.
Inside the windows, people in suits were walking around doing their jobs.
The contrast between the scene and the empty streets gave Sirone a strange feeling of goosebumps.
“hello.”
Feeling the colder air than outside, I started talking to them, but no one looked back.
Upon closer inspection, their eyes were all open.
“who???????”
At least a normal-looking woman came along, struggling to straighten her steps.
“Oh, my name is Sirone. Do you have a Fermi?”
In a conditioned reflex, all the staff turned their heads, and incoherent words continued.
“Sirone? Fermi?”
It’s crazy, Shirone thought.
“Come this way.”
When I heard the voice coming from the stairs, I turned to see a clear-eyed man raising his glasses.
“you are… …
Fermi’s secretary, whom he had seen before, stared at his watch.
“You came 20 minutes earlier than expected. Ha ha, this case was mined 20 days ago. I will guide you. Fermi is waiting for you.”
Since it was only an unknown story, Sirone followed the man to the elevator.
When I arrived on the 17th floor, Fermi was waiting for me in an office filled with glass windows.
“Sirone.”
Compared to before, he was much cleaner and opened his arms as if he had met an old friend.
“What happened?” Not sharing his regrets, Fermi awkwardly lowered his arm.
“Sit down for now. While drinking tea… …
“How did you know I was coming? Why is it that emotional illness has not spread? Why is there no one on the street’?”
Fermi laughed.
“You seem to have a lot of questions. Well, I guess so. There must be parts of it that have been erased from memory.”
“memory.”
According to Supreme Court Justice Terraforce, Sirone destroyed his memory with his own will.
“Can you tell me?”
Fermi smiled like a crack.
“how is it? Aren’t you curious too? I could tell you what the deal was, if you’d like.”
This is why I hate Fermi.
‘But that’s why… … You can believe I made a deal with Fermi.’
It was true that he was a capable guy.
“it’s okay. Rather, I want to know the whole story of Kessia. How did you stop the emotional illness?”
“Hmm.”
Thinking with his chin resting on his chin, Fermi pointed to the door.
“Do you want to see for yourself?”
The place where he took Sirone is the ward where the children of the orphanage are intoxicated with drugs called Angel.
“ha. ha.”
Sirone shuddered at the slight moan of pleasure that escaped from the child’s throat.
“this… … what?”
“The special elixir I made. Did you see it when you came before? After several phases of clinical trials, we finally made it. Angel’s Tears, Angel. You can curb your emotional illness with this.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Sirone grabbed Fermi by the collar and pulled him.
“it’s crazy?”
Fermi just looked at him coldly.
“They’re not even ten years old. Did you use drugs on them? Do you know what that’s about’?”
“??????know.”
Fermi opened his mouth.
“How about you then? Did you bring something better to the world than this situation?”
Sparks flew in Sirone’s eyes, but he couldn’t completely ignore Fermi’s voice.
“I can’t say that this result is better.”
“result? That’s stupid. Do you feel as though you have been beaten by carrying all of mankind’s burdens?” “All life ends in death. That’s the only outcome given to us. The world needs someone like you who dreams of a hopeful future, but please face reality.”
“… … How did you do it?”
Sirone’s hand lost its strength.
“Which drug can prevent emotional illness? Seriel tried all the drugs and failed.”
“Of course it is bound to fail. Because no cure has been developed. Of course not yet.”
Sirone was in the mood to grab hold of the collar he had loosened.
“Explain so I can understand.”
“How did I know that you would arrive within today?”
“I don’t know.”
“Then let me know.”
Gestured to follow him, Fermi took the elevator again and went down to the second floor.
When the door marked Recovery Room opened automatically, people were lying on 200 beds.
“uh?”
There was someone he knew even Sirone.
“Marsha’s sister?”
Despite making quite a loud noise, Marsha fell asleep without even moving.
Sirone turned to Fermi.
“What happened? As an angel, “Don’t worry. Of course, I take it regularly, but it’s not to the extent that it interferes with my daily life. Wouldn’t it be more important where these people are?”
“Where are you?”
When I heard Fermi say it, it seemed that he did not mean simply a recovery room.
Sirone suddenly realized.
“no way?”
When I woke up after getting rid of the debt of Valhalla Action, there was something I heard from Miro.
“Then, shall we go check the mining situation?”
Fermi pointed to an empty bed and tossed a pea-sized pill.
“what’s this?”
“Dream Star. you know? Oh, did you erase your memory up to that point? You are very thorough.”
“Did I ever take this drug?” Sirone took a closer look at the Dream Star, but didn’t even feel a sense of déjà vu.
“okay. I went with him because he insisted on seeing it in person. Well, it was a time when I struggled alone. Anyway, are you going to do it or not?”
Deep in thought, Sirone grabbed the pill and followed Fermi to bed.
Lying side by side on the empty bed, Lorne asked while erecting her upper body.
“What will happen if I take this medicine?”
“Depart from the dream and enter the Undercoder. Address match before… … no, just eat it You know the mechanism roughly. I did it once.”
‘It’s an undercord.’
As Fermi lay down on the bed first, Sirone also put the Dream Star in her mouth and swallowed it in one gulp.
The sleeping pill on the surface of the pill first melted in the stomach, making the mind drowsy.
If you forcefully awaken the brain, you can wake it as much as you like, but Sirone surrendered to the medicinal effect.
The sense of reality is gone… … .
“huh?”
The senses in the dream buried among countless corpses were connected to Sirone’s five senses.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1058.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of Information (2)
It was a nightmare from the start.
‘Is it the influence of Dream Star?’
It was not easy for Yahweh to have anxiety in his mind, perhaps it was brain chemistry.
“Anyway, this is a bit… …
When I got up, countless corpses were approaching from the edge of the horizon, forming a wall.
“Whoa!”
The approaching corpses, dragging their dried intestines, wept in unison.
“Yahweh, do you know those who died because of you? Do you know those whom you have not saved?”
Sirone’s guilt.
Behind the ideal of saving humanity, there were people dying right now.
-Every life ends in death.
It seems that the words Fermi heard before eating the Dream Star remained in her subconscious.
“You suffer too. Our pain, our resentment!”
Corpses approach with hostility
Even in the midst of this, Sirone did not move.
‘Such a dream.’
I wanted to ease the guilt a little by being torn to pieces by them.
“What are you doing?”
Fermi appeared among the rotting corpses and looked around Sirone’s dream with interest.
“Hmm, I thought you were just straining your eyes like an old man, but you have a soft corner.”
“Don’t talk nonsense. It’s what you made up. What kind of drug did you give me?”
“Even with that said, it is the next dream star refined by the best drug designers. Because Fear and Eros have clear goals, it is easy to match their addresses.”
The moment Fermi’s words were recognized, the shape of the corpse was revealed in more detail.
Of course, I hadn’t felt blurry before, but it was all a work of the mind.
“Ooh ooh… … . Woo woo!”
Through the tattered clothes, things like breasts and genital utensils were glimpsed.
When Sirone made a puzzled expression, Fermi shrugged understandingly.
“If you mix the two things, it becomes like this. Sirone averted her gaze.
“so… … What should I do now? Undercoders are outside the borders of Drimo.”
“nothing. You just have to wait until the Dream Star is completely absorbed from your stomach. Dreams will collapse when the brain is half-awakened, so we go to Undercoder at that time.” It was a simple method, but the problem was that the waiting area was a nightmare.
The corpses that came close to us were waiting for an opportunity, baring their teeth.
The reason why they can’t attack immediately is because Shirone’s spirit is blocking the development of the incident.
Stopping the progress of the dream was impossible even for a professional diver.
Fermi smiled.
“You’ve changed a lot, that freshman kid.”
magic school days.
“We fought a lot. At that time, I was full of nerds, but now I am the Messiah who will save mankind.”
“I don’t want to talk about that with you.”
“Don’t you have anything else to do? In dreams, the notion of time becomes jumbled up. If you’re immersed, it’s faster than reality, but if it’s like this, you never know how long you’ll have to wait.”
Fermi looked around and said.
“It reminds me of the graduating class survival test. Trapped in icy water, cut by blades… … . Did we go all the way to level 7 then? Ah, I withdrew from step six.”
“Kurrrrrr!”
The corpses came one step closer.
“Actually, I knew you would die in step 7. If I knew I would pass, I would have chased it until the end.”
“What do you want to say?”
“Just what… … Do you feel sorry for me? I’m a loser anyway, but this is a dream.”
Fermi held out his hand.
“I thought it might be possible to turn it around.” At the same time as feeling the eerie death, the corpses rushed at Sirone.
“Kuaaaaa!”
The path was in the air, but it would be intercepted by Fermi as it flew up and down.
‘Broad.’
As the corpses caught in the explosion of light were torn apart, the flesh flew dozens of meters.
In the open field of view, Fermi snatched the chip made from the depreciation transaction and put it in his mouth.
“Let’s have fun.” Eating Out – Unmanned Sniper. In the next moment, hundreds of bullets fired from 374 places in the air were fired at Sirone.
‘It’s called a railgun.’
Even the Archmage would not be able to react to the speed of the bullet accelerated by the electromagnetic field.
“Keugh!”
The bullet hit the ground at the same time as the Hand of God swept away Sirone.
The shock wave shook the earth.
“Kuaaa!”
Sirone stood unharmed in the place where the flesh of the corpses fell like hailstones.
“Hmm, didn’t you see? sort of… … Is it a skill of the mind?”
Looking up at the huge hand of light floating in the air, Fermi smiled.
The eyes were benevolent.
“You are deceiving my heart like the law. that’s a good ability But it won’t work twice.”
“okay?”
Sirone, who felt the sincerity of life, treated him sincerely.
“Where should we try?”
When the Hand of God spread his palms toward the air, a huge Photon Cannon was born.
Super fast bullets and powerful cannons.
Even in the immediate situation, Fermi was calmly looking at the Hand of God.
‘Using the scale, you’ve transcended the limit of power. You could say it’s like a sirone, but… …
He faced the front again.
“If it were me, I would have developed more of the trick from before. No matter how strong the power is, there is always a way out. On the other hand, that technique can subdue 100% of enemies if the situation is right. There is a downside to being weak in the second use, but isn’t that the trick?”
Sirone frowned.
“What does it matter what magic I study? Take care of your magic.”
“Cheuk, that’s right.”
After Fermi turned around, the ground began to vibrate and crack the landscape.
The dream was about to collapse.
“Time passes quickly when you are immersed. It seems to be taking effect now. Let’s start slowly.”
Sirone released the Hand of God, but she couldn’t erase her displeasure.
“So you deliberately started a fight?”
“Well, both sides and sides.” He was a human being who could not read his heart.
Released by the light from the Undercoder, the two arrived at the middle floor along the blue line.
Sirone asked in a room with many mirrors.
“Where are you going?”
“The Abyss. The graveyard of information and the final destination of the world. That is why it is also called Apocalypse. Would you be familiar?”
I heard that you recovered discarded information to forge Sirone’s signature.
After exiting the middle floor, they put their hands on the mirror that leads to The Abyss.
As the boundaries were reversed, the world of Apocalypse rushed into Sirone’s eyes.
“This… … ?”
Fermi asked as Sirone looked down from a high altitude and put on a dazed expression.
“why? Were you surprised that it was different from what you expected?” Certainly it was.
‘Miro said it was a place that realized the future world where Apocalypse was destroyed. But this… …
The entire visible landscape was covered with slime of unknown origin.
“Is that a Mucus?”
“okay. Ever since Nane left the photon world, Apocalypse has been completely covered in Youcus. Research has shown that more than 98 percent of the ground is slime.”
Fermi pointed around.
“As you know, The Abyss is the destination of information. It is the scene of the apocalypse implemented based on the real world. I think this foreshadows a cellbuster in real life.”
Sirone was quite surprised.
“How do you know all that information? Even in Omega’s log, it’s a record from a very long time ago.”
“As time passes, even the king’s secret diary gets hung up in bookstores. Are you talking to me right now? So, won’t a lot more people know about it in the future?”
“future?”
I realized in that moment.
“no way… … you?”
Isn’t that a really stupid idea?
“okay. The future is endlessly deposited in The Abyss. Therefore, the longer an object has existed here, the closer it is to our reality. If so, wouldn’t it be possible to predict events that haven’t happened yet? I call it time mining.”
Sirone blinked.
“From then on, I thoroughly investigated Apocalypse. I once picked up something that looked like a piece of paper abandoned deep in the mountains. But it is information from the future that has not yet happened in reality.”
The irony that the garbage here becomes gold in reality.
“By collecting such information as it is, we predicted and prepared for what would happen in the future. Emotional illness is one of them. Of course, the reason you decided to do business with me was after hearing this explanation from me.”
“okay.”
Sirone was confident in his judgment at the time.
“I won’t ask about the deal. But how did you gather that much information? Even if it is trash, it would be difficult to find information about the near future.”
After Fermi, he blew his bangs.
“It was really hard. I couldn’t find an answer because I was trying to do it alone. That’s why I hired the entire parrot mercenary.”
“You mean Marsha-nee is here?”
Fermi smiled and pointed with his thumb at the lowlands covered with eucus.
“Do you want to go?”
The place where they flew through the sky was the middle of a city where a huge excavator was built.
Marsha was next to the excavator while the mercenary officers were sitting on a metal box and drinking.
Fermi walked with his hands behind his back.
“How are you?”
“what? Fermi, what are you doing here… …
Marsha, who found Sirone, stopped talking and then shouted, revealing a bright color.
“Hey, Sirone! Guys! Come and see. A celebrity is here!”
Now, it is a mercenary group dealing with the world, but Sirone’s appearance was as expected.
“Sirone is Yahweh, right? Vice-captain, didn’t you say you had a fight with that guy before?”
said Freeman, still eyebrowless, leaning his arm against the box and holding the bottle to his mouth.
“… … It’s not with me.”
Marsha expressed her pleasure by messing with Sirone’s hair.
“This guy! How have you become more handsome than before? After all, a man must have power. yes?”
Marsha had a knack for making it easy to say anything.
“You are still there. How are you?”
“Hit 1! It’s me, I’m going to die doing something I can’t even sell. Detective, grave robbery, now construction work. Who would have thought that singing mining songs would lead to real mining?”
Marsha’s face was haggard than before, but her eyes were bright like a child’s.
“Are you going to pierce Youcus with this machine?”
“huh. I’m taking a little break right now. It will be useless anyway. Even if you pierce it, it will regenerate again.”
Fermi asked.
“If even the tallest building disappears, it must be quite thick. Have you reached the end?”
“There is a record of hitting hard ground this morning. I think it’s around 480 meters.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“480 meters?”
Marsha pounded the excavator.
“It’s been incredibly accumulated. In this state, it is impossible to search even if you break through. More than anything… …
The Yucus underfoot wriggled and stretched out like tentacles, coiling around Marsha’s legs and climbing up.
The tip of the tentacle hardened like a needle and the moment it soared, Marsha grabbed it roughly.
“This goo is going to annoy me. Anyway, you know what’s pretty. This guy must be a male.”
Freeman came.
“Because it’s near the excavator. It seems that they instinctively sense who is attacking them.”
“Mr. Freeman.”
Before Sirone even had time to say hello, Marsha threw her tentacles on the floor and fired at them.
“shut up. Then you wouldn’t have to be around. On the subject of drinking or drinking all day long. abuse.”
“abuse?”
Freeman explained.
“Because I was so rough-mouthed, my subordinates voted. For the time being, Marsha is prohibited from cursing.”
“joy! Do you think you can stop that? Abusive child! I’m afraid he’ll just swear at swear words and tear them apart.”
“?… “haha.”
Sirone made an absurd expression.
‘They live very happily.’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1059.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of Information (3)
Marsha returned to the main topic.
“Anyway, mining in this state is impossible. Even if it goes down 480 meters, it’s next to impossible to find evidence of a specific time there.”
Sirone rested her chin.
‘Fermi is right. This is a gamble worth taking. If you can predict the future… …
I suddenly remembered.
“Then what about the drug called Angel? Is there any other way to treat emotional illness?”
said Fermi.
“According to the evidence I have gathered, the World Health Organization has not come up with a cure for emotional illness.”
It was a desperate talk.
“but… …
Sirone looked around and waved her arms.
“The cell buster happened. If humanity was wiped out by emotional illness, why is this catastrophe necessary?”
“Listen to the end. Humanity does not appear to have been annihilated by emotional disease. In other words, it’s not that we haven’t been able to develop a cure, it’s that there’s no need to develop it.” Sirone finally realized.
“Feelings… … Are you giving up?”
“okay. Humans in the future will have a completely different emotional system than we do today. Do you know Gyorgi?”
Sirone nodded.
“What is stolen from others is not valuable. Therefore, if you live with plundered goods, emotional disease does not appear. Humanity in the future does not own anything, it simply takes away. In this state, human unity is absolutely impossible.”
“It is a beast.”
wild
“Still, I am free from emotional illness. That’s what pain is. And this is the landscape of the end of the century that mankind will reach.” Fermi continued.
“The medicine I made based on that information is Angel’s Tears. A kind of hallucinogen. why drugs? Do we have to lower the current human spirit to the level of beasts?”
Sirone shut his mouth.
“It took a lot of trial and error to find the golden balance. An astronomical amount of money was invested only in establishing a distribution network in the southern continent. accept it This is the current thread.”
“but… … I can’t report like that.”
The World Health Organization will not be able to announce that all mankind must become wild dogs.
‘No, even if you announce it, it’s not like it’s going to be what you want. Thorough natural selection. It’s just a process in which those with emotions are weeded out over a long period of time.’
Fermi is blocking the process.
‘Tears of an angel.’
Sirone imagined an angel injecting drugs into a human arm and weeping.
Is that angel Fermi?
Or is it just the naming sense of a genius businessman who seems to sell sand even in the desert?
Sirone did not know.
“There must be a way. Anyway, it’s not an incurable disease. let’s go down It’s all mining.”
Marcia shrugged, and Fermi, who exchanged glances with her, said.
“I knew you would like it. but how do i get down? Youkus keeps playing.”
Sirone cast Hand of God.
“It’s about digging out a search point. Can’t you just explore while I’m in charge of Youcus?”
“Mukus is not a simple substance. Powered by a digital Ra, that is, a quantum computer capable of thinking. If you remove 1 ton of Yucus, it will fill up 1 ton in no time. No, maybe I will pour out 10 or 100 times that amount.”
Fermi raised his index finger.
“And another one. This is a world of information. As in the real world, it is impossible to invest a huge amount of manpower or have large-scale construction facilities. This mining machine was finally airlifted by requesting an expert from Undercoder.”
Marsha intervened.
“We were just talking about it. As long as Mucus regenerates with will, it is difficult and dangerous to make mining successful with external factors.”
“It’s an external factor.”
As Sirone bit his lip and fell into thought, Fermi crossed his arms and rested his chin.
“How to fool Mucus… …
After spitting out, Fermi suddenly raised his head, and Sirone hurriedly looked back at him.
At the same time, words came out.
“virus.”
Marsha blinked.
“huh? virus? cold?”
It’s not wrong, but Sirone knew another use of the virus.
“It is a kind of program. It infiltrates the main system and disrupts data. If you can plant a virus on Digitala, you might be able to mine it.”
“Hmm, attacking from the inside, right? But is it possible? They say it’s an incredibly capable machine.”
said Fermi.
“We only need to change a few minor data points. For example, slowing down the playback of Youkus… …
“aha.”
Syrone added.
“There are also ways to freeze or harden.
ji. I don’t even want to paralyze the system. It’s just a minor error that Digital Ra doesn’t recognize.” Freeman asked.
“Is it really possible? This is the end of the world, but that’s why it’s technologically superior. Who the hell can create a program to disrupt Digital Ra’?”
Fermi squinted one eye.
“There is one person who comes to mind. This is a bit ambiguous. Because it is not a personal relationship.”
Sirone ran.
“Is that a problem now? who? let me meet you persuading somehow
I will kill you.”
“you?”
After staring at Sirone for a long time, Fermi suddenly puffed out his cheeks and burst into laughter.
“pooh!”
Sirone’s ears turned red.
“What is that mockery? I said I would help.”
“No, sorry. I can’t stand the thought of you, who is 100% sincere in everything, doing that.”
“What are you talking about? what is that?”
“Hmm.”
Calming his tickling lungs, Fermi opened his mouth with a smile.
“if… … Have you ever heard of high gear?”
virtual memory area.
Two bluish circles formed in the dark space, and light rose in a cylindrical shape.
Sirone and Fermi emerged from their respective circles.
“Here… … ‘?”
As Sirochet looked around, Fermi stepped into the darkness.
“This is the exclusive exit for Abyss Walkers. If I knew right away, I wouldn’t have to go through hardships then.”
“Is this the exit?”
Sirone simply pressed the button on the pocket watch Fermi had handed him twice quickly.
“It’s one of the new features of Dream Star. When the button is pressed, it is transferred to the virtual memory of the undercoder. In reality, it’s like recalling a memory, but it’s not an actual memory. It’s just a false memory created by the effects of hallucinogens.”
“So I am in a hallucination. And the person who developed all of this… …
“operator. He is also the first designer and operator of High Gear, and the No. 1 user in the rankings. I don’t even know if he’s actually human. Undercoder can come in through Drimo, and if it’s a mental transfer, it can come from the end of the universe.”
“But you said you were a character, right?”
‘A sharp guy.’
It’s information that doesn’t really need to be hidden, but it wasn’t my taste to get caught in this way.
“There are several clues to guess. First of all, this high gear’s combat base is in human form. An illogical type attitude is possible, but would you say the balance is immature? Of course, there are cases in which certain numbers increase tremendously in return, so it is popular with maniacs.”
“What the hell is high gear?”
The only explanation Sirone had heard was that he fought by transforming his body in a virtual world.
“You’d better go and see for yourself. Even if I explain it to you, the key things won’t be conveyed.”
Sirone puffed his cheeks at the disparaging remarks, but now Fermi was in charge.
Fermi, who had escaped to the middle layer of the Under Coder, turned to Sirone and said.
“High gear content is not in the middle tier. You have to go much deeper than that.”
“depths? The Abyss?”
“I don’t mean that, it means that it is illegal. We call it the Floor Corder.”
Not in Omega’s memory means that it was created after Shirone was born.
“Illegal, who cares?”
“Mongin.”
“ah… …
“All of Floor Coder’s content is using De Limo’s modules. It’s a huge convenience for developers. Not only does it feel the same sensation as in reality, but it also automatically corrects parts that are difficult to implement.”
It was a dream mystery.
“In fact, many of Floor Coder’s contents are stimulating and decadent and lack of perfection. On the other hand, high gear is a luxury product with all the advantages of a floor coder. It’s difficult to get in, so you have to take the Dream Star for Under Coders. If the synchronization is not right, the brain goes into shock.”
Fermi placed his hand between the gaps between the mirrors installed in the middle eye.
“Information magic, information.”
As the magic circle rotated, a rectangular gap formed in the wall, and a red door was born.
Sirone took a step back and watched.
‘It’s not a mirror.’
Just the fact that the communication protocols were different made it possible to guess what the floor coders were like.
Upon entering, there were various doors installed in the hallway leading to Jung-gu Heating.
“But can I just go? I told you that High Gear needs a special Dream Star.”
“are you okay. That’s what I gave you.” Sirone’s silver ■ became thinner.
“Did you know it would be like this from the start?”
“Isn’t it obvious? You followed me to The Abyss before. I vomited like I did today. Of course, this is my first floor chord.”
Fermi, who stopped, was about to smile.
“Are you curious? Can I just tell you?”
Sirone sneered and turned his head.
“it’s okay. It would be much better to believe in myself, whom I have no memory of, than to believe in you.”
“haha.”
Fermi stopped in front of a sliding door that could only be found in an old castle in the real world.
“It’s here.”
He opened the door, but it was dark, and Sirone followed Fermi inside.
At the same time as the door closed, the interior of the old castle was renovated and the scenery unfolded before my eyes.
-Nice to meet you! Welcome to the playground of the universe, the battlefield of High Gear!
Sirone looked around.
It was freezing cold except for someone sitting at the counter far away.
“Is there anyone but us? At one point, they said it was a super-hit simulation.”
“It’s the first time, yes. The first person to link to High Gear has access to tutorial content. Usually, go to the battlefield you saved earlier.”
“Again, I’m not here to do this.”
“know. Still, good to know. Talking to the operator is like picking stars from the sky. I never have a personal conversation unless it is a system-related suggestion.”
“A ranker? 1st place too. Then maybe it’s a battlefield, you just have to talk to it in that place.”
“I want to, but it’s the other side.” Sirone didn’t understand why that was important.
“Look, you said the core things wouldn’t be delivered. Anyway, I don’t know them personally.”
“Then how do you know?”
“Under Coder’s conditional auction market. You can’t just run a world this precise, can you? I once bought some of the operator’s stuff in bulk.”
“How much?”
“Hmm, in terms of real value, would it be around 2,000 trillion gold?”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“what? Two trillion?”
“haha! why are you so surprised Do you still believe that money actually exists?”
“It’s not… …
“Anyway, the reason I took the beginner link is to meet the tutorial manager. Since this is also a deal, maybe they can connect you with the operator.”
Fermi’s work was done quickly, but Sirone was still questionable.
‘… … What’s the point of being on the other side?’

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1060.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Tomb of Information (4)
When they arrived at the counter, they were greeted by a woman with her hair hanging down to her shoulders.
“hello. This is the High Gear user registration page. Is this your first time with both of you?”
It looked like a human, but there were seams on its face and small bolts were symmetrically inserted into it.
If it’s rugged, it’s rugged, but I thought maybe it’s my preference to smell like a machine.
“Here is the first time this friend and I have the user code. May I register now?”
“yes. Please tell me the code name.”
“The son of Yolgah. Dongguk Dongguk.” Sirone turned his head in surprise, and Fermi shrugged him.
The woman’s eyes sparkled.
“Oh, you are a ranker. 7th in Dongguk ranking, son of Yolga. It is an honor to meet such a great man.”
Fermi smiled sullenly.
‘The acting is of a high quality. Well, since it’s a machine face, I don’t even need to put much effort into it.’
Tutorial manager Magneti.
There was no way that she, who manages High Gear’s real-time accessors, would not know Fermi’s identity.
Magneti said while manipulating the screen.
“According to the rules of High Gear, the privilege is activated for Yoga’s son who registers a new user. As a ‘New Face’ reward, 100 million galaxies will be paid.”
Sirone tightened his eyes and looked back at Fermi.
“hey.”
“You have to take what you can get. don’t worry. I will use 100 million galaxies for you.”
“It’s done.”
Sirone didn’t want to get involved any more.
“I’m not here for high gear. You said you could contact the operator here.”
“It’s hot-tempered.”
Fermi asked Magneti.
“Could you tell the story of the first designer of high gear? It is urgent.”
“It is against the rules to name a specific operator. If you have any suggestions, please let me know.”
” also… …
When Fermi seemed in the mood to withdraw, Ciro-Ne went up to Magneti.
“It will take a while. Once they hear my story, the operator will change their mind.”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t approve. Operators of high gear abide by their own regulations.”
“Operator? Then you are not an artificial intelligence. Are you a human on my planet?”
“… … It is a question beyond my competence.”
Her voice was monotonous, but Sirone did not miss the slight delay in her response.
“You know, what kind of situation humanity is in right now. It is the fate of the world at stake.”
“huh? of the world… …
While savoring those words, Magneti’s mechanical face began to twist strangely.
«Pu…”
And in the end I couldn’t stand it.
“Puhahaha! It’s the fate of the world. I’m going crazy! Isn’t it more serious than you thought?”
“What’s funny about that?”
When Sirone’s expression slowly grew bloody, Fermi licked his lips.
‘ also… … In Under Coder, where fakes and anonymity are prevalent, ‘sincerity’ was only a mockery.
“Are you asking what’s funny?”
When Sirone opened her eyes, Fermi said.
“calm down. This is a virtual world. No one cares whether the world perishes or not.”
“How could that be? Do you know how many people died fighting? Is this reality funny? you’re welcome. You just ran away from that reality.”
Fermi was at a loss as to how to make them understand.
“ha. So here… … Then Magneti’s smile disappeared.
“Your thoughts are your own, but you may be penalized for verbally abusing the operator. You may not be able to access High Gear for a certain period of time, or you may be permanently banished.”
“Where do you try?”
The light of the Miracle Stream burned from Sirone’s body.
“Would you be able to laugh if I attacked this place? Will you realize what reality is then?”
“You can connect again.”
Sirone’s eyebrows twitched.
“On the other hand, you will be banished forever, and you will never see me again. That’s the worst thing that can happen in this space. So do whatever you want.” “Sirone.”
Sirone never revealed her name.
“It’s funny to say this, but I’m so angry that I’ll put it to the tune just this time. This isn’t reality. You don’t know who I am on the outside. It could be a fighter fighting for the world, or a villain you hate so much.”
Fermi agreed.
Yo O”
“Neither do I know who you are. Of course, I’m also a celebrity I’ve heard of. They brag about saving the world here and now, but how would you know? When you wake up from this dream, you will be enjoying yourself using your own power.”
“I am??????!”
“Actually or not, it doesn’t matter. What really matters is that no one cares. Undercoder is such a place. So please, let reality be reality, and keep your manners here. Your seriousness is making the users here uncomfortable.”
Fermi shook his head.
‘Yeah, that’s what I meant.’
“I don’t know.”
Sirone clenched his fists.
“It’s the same person whether in real life or under coders. Even if it’s not a real body, I’m talking to a person right now. why are you ignoring me? Your world is being destroyed!”
“… … It is very true.”
Sirone was frustrated.
“How can I prove it? If I get down on my knees here, will you believe my sincerity?”
Magnety snorted.
“knee? There are countless people who become corpses because they want to feel that humans have become dogs, barking, and being dissected. A real-life serial killer takes care of the sick here. Still don’t understand? It’s all fake.”
“good.”
The Miracle Stream surged up to the ceiling.
“Then I will destroy the fake. so go back Go back, open the window and look outside.”
Magneti’s hand moved to the screen.
“… … Attacking the operator is a permanent ban. I warned you.” In the midst of instant tension, Sirone threw herself at Magneti.
” for a moment… …
When Fermi reached out his hand.
“please.”
Shirone stopped in front of the counter and touched the floor.
“I want to save the world. Too many people are suffering. There’s no way to convey the truth, so maybe you’re being tricked by me… …
Even so.
“Can’t I just be fooled? Perhaps this could save someone, even one more life.” Magneti glared at Sirone.
The face of the machine, which had been filled with emotions, became cold again.
“ha.”
Finally she opened her mouth.
“What can I tell you?”
Sirone raised her head with a surprised expression.
“There is one thing you should know. It’s the same operator, but I’m not in a position to give orders to the operator. If it’s a strange message, they won’t even respond.”
Sirone jumped up.
“huh! are you okay. If Sirone, or Yahweh, tells you that he wants to meet you… …
“Fermi.”
Fermi stopped talking.
“Please tell me that Ardino Fermi has asked for a very big business. I am sure you will be satisfied.”
Then he turned to Sirone and shrugged.
“It’s better for me, who has done business under my real name. The name Yahweh does not work here.”
“great. I sent.”
Magneti finished the transmission, but there was no response even after waiting 5 minutes.
She said as if she knew it.
“As expected, the answer… …
Beep- beep-.
At that moment, an alarm message appeared on the screen mounted in the counter.
‘It really came.’
To be honest, she didn’t expect it either.
“An answer came. I will play it now.”
As Syrone and Fermi kept their mouths shut, a strained, distorted voice flowed out.
?go away.
end? Is this the end?
While Sirone made an absurd expression, Magneti rested her chin on the counter and said,
“This is also unusual. Under Coder is a feast of many concepts, but the operator’s personality is really eccentric.”
Fermi agreed.
“If my name doesn’t work, there’s no way. Let’s get into high gear and find a way.”
“You responded anyway.”
Sirone did not give up.
“I wouldn’t have told you to quit if you really weren’t interested. Try again.”
“No, that… … As Sirone stabbed him in the side, Fermi raised his hands and was pushed to the counter.
“okay. Got it.”
Fermi turned to Magneti.
“Can I send you one more message?”
She thought there was some point in what Sirone said, so she nodded her head obediently.
“great. What shall we send?”
“Hmm.”
Fermi’s eyes changed.
“I’m thinking of putting a recording device supposedly containing data from the outside world on conditional auction… … Sirone’s head turned quickly.
“There are three conditions. First, someone with the ability to decipher the records. Second, share the data you read with me. Third, auctions are awarded on a first-come, first-served basis.”
Tapping on the screen, Magneti swallowed.
“It’s not that we don’t know each other, but if you’re interested, I thought it wouldn’t matter if I traded with you personally. more.”
Sirone’s eyes narrowed as he looked at Fermi.
‘I knew there would be a way.’
Anyway, you have to peck to listen.
“I sent.”
A loud bell sound at the end of the speech
Lee exploded, and Magnety blinked.
“Codename operator requests voice chat with operator privileges. Would you agree?”
There was nothing to ask.
Fermi nodded, and there was an exasperated voice that even modulation could not hide.
– Hey, what are you? Using the operator channel privately? I thought you were a smart guy.
“Anyway, isn’t that a tempting proposal?”
-Don’t get me wrong. I was so annoyed that I hooked it up. Do you think I’ll lose in first come, first served?
“actually… … That hasn’t been confirmed yet.”
-Where do you sell drugs? The very mention of an auction means that you haven’t been able to find a way to decipher the recording device. Didn’t you choose an extreme competitive method called first-come-first-served basis to prevent the resulting value decline?
‘Anyway, it’s tricky.’
Fermi’s expression did not change.
“Sure, but the situation is a bit delicate. If you don’t accept the offer, it’s going to be passed on to a distant child. Next to me, a robber is pointing a knife at me.
hurry.”
-What do you mean?
Sirone came out.
“Hello, Mr. Operator. My name is Sirone. I heard that The Abyss… …
-shut up. I didn’t connect you Sirone cried.
– Sirone? What do you think would change if Yahweh intervened? That kind of recording device, I don’t need it.
Fermi smiled.
“Ah, that’s not it. I can guess what they are crazy about just by looking at the things they buy at auction.”
“Don’t do that, let’s do it together. good is good, right? Make one program for The Abyss.”
A moment of silence passed.
-no. I have to do solar warfare. won’t you Then, is it eaten by Seoguk?
Sirone came out again.
“Operator-san, I don’t know what a solar cell is… …
– Get out if you don’t know. Why do you keep interfering? And how do you not know solar power? It’s stupid.
A vein stood up in Sirone’s neck.
“I don’t know. But is that more important than human life?”
-haha! You speak well. I think you’re Yahweh here too, so if you’re confident, come find me. If you defeat me in a duel, I’ll grant you any request.
Fermi sighed.
‘I don’t like this.’
It was close to impossible to defeat the Seoguk and overall ranking operator one-on-one.
“good!”
Sirone shouted.
“You, just waiting there! I’m going to smash some high gear or something!”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1061.txt
=============YYYYY=============
HIGH GEAR(1)
As soon as the operator ended the voice conversation, Sirone turned around and said.
“let’s go. I need to meet you right now.” Fermi realized.
“You’ve never done anything like this before, have you? The operator’s level is 487. Ranked 4th overall in the level category. On the other hand, you have to start at 1. Do you really think you can use magic on this high gear?”
“I’m guessing too. But you don’t know unless you fight for yourself, right?”
Magneti’s mouth hung open.
“Okay, listen.”
said Fermi with a sigh.
“With high gear, you can get bonus stats every time you level up. You can level up by hunting creatures, but it’s usually proportional to the amount of time you play. Because the death penalty is high, it’s better to catch a creature lower than your level. But an operator is both a user and an operator. Do you know what this means?”
“The play time is short?”
“okay. Much shorter than other users. Even so, it remains in the 4th place in the rankings. This means that you are extremely efficient hunting, and in other words, you are not simply an idiot depending on your level and equipment. Of course, the equipment is top-notch. The bonus status of 487 works there.”
Sirone nodded.
“I know it’s disadvantageous. But you have to defeat the Operator to mine the Abyss.”
“No, bully, it’s not like that… … Fermi stopped talking.
I can only say this because I have had the experience of turning many impossible things into possible.
‘It’s no use clenching your teeth in high gear. The numbers on the system are everything.’
The numbers don’t change just because they’re more desperate.
“Okay, let’s play. If you go inside, you will definitely change your mind.”
Sirone looked back at Magneti.
“How can I get in?”
“I will send it to you as a tutorial, but before that you have to create user code. Please tell me the code name you want. However, codes already preoccupied by other users cannot be used except in special cases.” In a world that wouldn’t last long anyway, a code name seemed like a good idea.
“That’s it, roughly… …
“It’s good to choose a code name carefully. 80% of High Gear’s customization features are free content, so it’s often difficult to identify a target based on appearance alone. So the code name becomes the face of the user.”
Fermi added.
“Do what you like. It’s not a matter of mood, it’s an important factor even in high gear.”
“Then I’ll take sirone.”
I wanted to stop using my real name, but that wasn’t the case.
“great. I’ll check.” Magneti, who manipulated the screen, shook his head.
“Duplicate code. There is already a user with the code name Sirone.”
“yes?”
Sirone was bewildered.
“Who is using my name?”
“In fact, borrowing a celebrity’s name is common. Above all, it becomes a household name for them. In the case of sirone, it will be traded at a fairly high value.”
“To the deal… …
“If you want Jung’s real name, how about adding a number at the end? Sirone 1234, like this.”
That didn’t seem like much.
“I am Sirone, but I don’t want to use fakes. Then how about Ariane Sirone?”
“I’ll check.”
Again, she shook her head.
“Duplicate code.”
Just when the tantrum was about to explode, Fermi suggested.
“How about Yahweh? Of course, it would be redundant, but at least you can add numbers. Because it’s a certain level.”
She only wished not to use her real name, but Sirone seriously thought about it.
Before conclusions were even drawn, Magneti confirmed.
“Duplicate code. That’s awesome. Yahweh 1 through Yahweh 12 are all overlapping. How about Yahweh 13?” Who are you?
“If there are so many for one name Yahweh, how many users of High Gear do you mean?”
said Fermi.
“There are quite a few, but not as much as you think. Those are all ghost users. Bring in real people and preoccupy them. Tramps, people with big debts. If the user dies in real life, the preemption will be released.”
Sirone’s eyes lit up.
“You kill people to sell that code name?”
“I don’t know, maybe that code name… … Magneti said.
“If you don’t like numbers, I’ll give you a referral code that includes the word Yahweh. Code that has not yet been preempted from analyzing a specific pattern of users.”
Magneti read the recommendation list.
“I am the real Yahweh. Yahweh jjangman. Yahweh I’m just right. woman Yahweh. What a disgusting hey… …
“stop.”
Magneti nodded as if he understood.
“It is very popular. If this is a recommended code, I’d say that all the code names that could be used have already been preoccupied. Well, it also means that it is as famous as it is.”
Fermi pointed.
“Is 1st place okay? I am the real Yahweh. Yahweh, the woman in 4th place, is also a good concept. Gender can be changed by using paid content.”
“no. no.”
Fermi laughed.
“Well, it seems like you’re immersed in high gear anyway, so that’s not bad. Then how about this method? You’re buying a platinum codename.”
Magneti added right away.
“Platinum code name is paid content. It doesn’t matter if the code name is duplicated because it looks golden. Of course, competition for first place is fierce here too, but the price is quite high, so the odds of getting a decent code name are pretty high.”
“How are you?”
“100 million galaxies.”
It was the amount Fermi received as a referral reward.
“Besides, there is a purchase limit, so you can only do it once. Again, codenames are your face within High Gear.”
“Hmm. How much is 100 million galaxies worth? I have no idea at all.”
“It is not low. The 100 million galaxy that Yolga’s son received is the highest amount in the referral reward. The amount of compensation varies depending on the ranking of the recommender.”
Magneti raised her index finger.
“However, the reason why 100 million can’t be said to be high is because values vary widely according to standards. For example, if you want to satisfy your hunger, even 1-point food will be fine. But there are also 100 million pieces of food in the world. When scarcity is the standard, there is no limit to luxury. The same goes for high gear, and even a slight difference in performance can increase the value by more than 100 million times.”
said Fermi.
“Go platinum. It’s the money I received as a referral reward, so it’s right to spend it on you, but you have to clear a certain section to do a ‘normal currency exchange’. If your goal is to defeat the operator above all else, 100 million galaxies won’t be worth the price of a snack.”
“haha! It is.”
Magneti smiled and quickly
He hid his expression.
“Then I’ll retrieve the code with Platinum.”
She narrowed her eyes.
“uh? Yahweh has already been preoccupied, but Yahweh 2 can be used. Yahweh 3 and Yahweh 4 were also preoccupied, but Yahweh 2 was empty… …
said Fermi.
“Perhaps if the user dies.”
“yes. In fact, a lot of codes have been erased since the psychic realm was opened. Of course, the number of preemption increased as the opposite benefit. Perhaps this was expunged recently.”
Fermi recommended Sirone.
“How about doing this? Even if it’s not original, it’s worth investing 100 million galaxies at this level.”
Sirone’s eyes widened.
“Yahweh 2… …
I felt like I could understand why people are obsessed with code names.
Magneti comforted him.
“You may not like it, but there is hope. It is to become the ranker of the duel category. If you’re in the top 100, you’ll get the privilege of changing your code name. Even if it’s another user’s codename, the ranker gets exclusive rights.”
“Yes, I will take Yahweh 2. Whatever the code name is, please let it in now.”
Fermi looked at his watch.
“Then I’ll be connected soon. After the tutorial, come straight to the city of Atogram. Let’s meet tomorrow evening at Freedom Square there.”
It was a world without magic, so no matter how fast you moved, it would take half a day.
Fermi asked Magneti.
“I will go first. Please send it to the memory of incarnation. Son of the codename Yolgah.”
“Send. The last place I remember is the Mountains of Thunder, the Tomb of the Giant Machine.”
A circular blue light was created at Fermi’s feet, and his body disintegrated into the void.
Sirone, who was curiously watching the scene, turned her head to Magneti’s words.
“Then I will register Yahweh 2 as a user code. When the incarnation finishes scanning, it moves automatically.”
A circular ring formed under Sirone’s feet, but it did not disintegrate as quickly as Fermi’s.
I felt a strange sense of restraint.
“Are you a bit embarrassed?”
“You are too sensitive. Users accessing High Gear will have special coding in their incarnation. Otherwise, the numerical values in the simulation cannot be interlocked. Incarnation is also subject to restrictions. It is a kind of lock, without which the event cannot be triggered. Also, be aware that if you voluntarily destroy the system, you will be considered an illegal user and all rights will be deprived.”
“Is that common?”
“no. No user in the history of High Gear has ever destroyed a system with Incarnation. But this time the case is different.”
It was the real Yahweh.
By the time the explanation was over, Sirone’s incarnation began to dissolve like bubbles.
Before leaving, I thought of something to say.
“Hey, Mr. Magneti. Thank you earlier. Thanks for contacting the operator…
“Does it again.”
Magneti rested her chin on the table and smiled.
“Would you have told me? This is a fake world. It’s a place where fake names, fake faces, and all sorts of lies run rampant. If you overlook that point, no matter how strong you are, you will suffer quite a bit.”
“But you recognized my sincerity. Mr. Magneti must be a good person in real life too.”
“… … It is an honor.”
Even though she knew she shouldn’t be like this, she opened her mouth.
“Sirone, I think so. Even though the world is fake, that’s why the people here are real. In reality, we are bound by numerous constraints. They decorate and hide many things in order not to disgrace their name or face.” “But there is none of that here. The world of high gear is where the nature of living things is exposed. Don’t expect anything like today. Mr. Sirone, too, will thoroughly become Yahweh2 and live. So please… … no matter what happens
“I hope you don’t get hurt.”
“ah??????
Sirone’s voice permeated the air, and particles of light ascended to the ceiling.
Magneti’s voice was heard in the empty castle.
“New user registration completed.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1062.txt
=============YYYYY=============
HIGH GEAR(2)
Sirone couldn’t move.
I felt the inertia of being sucked somewhere while my body was stiff like a piece of wood.
The blue light that seemed to flow along the wires continued, and at some point, darkness came.
‘Is the event starting?’ Since when have you closed your eyes? Kurleung. Kurleung.
When I opened my eyelids at the sound of thunder, I saw the sky covered with clouds like sludge.
My eyes were half-closed as the cold raindrops fell.
“Hehehe! I found it! He said he found a wild dog.”
I tried to look up at the voice I heard from under my feet, but the chain was pressing down on my neck.
‘It’s tied up.’
He was lying on a board with a thick chain wrapped around his body.
A man with a long chain tied to a board slung over his shoulder muttered as he walked across the muddy water.
“Damn them. How dare you ignore my achievements?”
While listening to the man’s words, Sirone checked her mental state.
‘Hmm, I can’t do magic or incarnation either.’
Perjury is impossible in the incarnation.
Although it was a decision made by Sirone himself, there was no rejection reaction.
‘this… … Can I quit?’
It didn’t seem like it was a code that couldn’t be destroyed if you made up your mind to attack the realm of Yahweh.
‘Even so, it’s a really strong code. Your coding skills seem to surpass Shura’s.’
I wondered what the man’s expression would look like if he broke the chain and got up.
‘I won’t be able to see it anyway.’
There was a high possibility that the event itself would be stopped the moment it was out of the designer’s intention.
“me… …
At that time, Sirone’s mouth moved on its own.
“Where are you taking me, release this bastard quickly!”
The man turned his head.
“Hehehe! Are you awake? you are lucky You will be able to live forever.”
“no! Bring me back to where I live!”
“It’s already too late. So why are you crawling into the dump? Like a rat, I will live inside the building.”
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Sirone shook his head and struggled.
‘I’m dizzy.’
My mind was still comfortable, but it was a bit unfamiliar that my vision was not controlled.
“ha! ha!”
Even the sound of his terrified breathing did not seem to be his own.
“I’m here. They said they came.”
I saw the door open in line of sight with the ground, and immediately the ceiling approached.
I was on something like a narrow operating table along the slope, and only then did I see the man’s face.
The mechanical man, whose skin was peeling off in tatters, had gleaming blue eyes.
“Do you know what this is?”
He held out the sphere device.
‘I don’t know.’
Sirone wanted to speak, but the event forced him to tremble.
“High gear. A semi-permanent power engine. With this, you too can enjoy eternal life.”
“no! don’t do it!”
The man ignored Sirone’s answer and turned his back to the table.
“Let’s start with an introduction. I am Dr. Martin. Jae-Ji, the developer of High Gear and an unfortunate genius. If you’re a genius, you’ve only made one mistake in your life. But that one mistake made me this way.”
What Martin took out was an ax that was half rusted.
“What is that mistake? That’s what gave trash like you eternal life. damn it Eternal life is irrevocable. In fact, high gear is a godsend. As long as there is sunlight, there is no need to eat or sleep.”
Zururo sl*t
?’ ? O 9 1 ~ ? o ?
The sound of grinding an ax blade was heard.
“What I overlooked is that you guys are the scum of garbage. Even when I cured an incurable disease and developed a drug that did not age, they treated me like a god. There was no city in which a statue of Martin had not been erected. But when it comes to giving eternal life… …
Martin shook his head.
“Are these things trying to kill me now?”
Even while breathing heavily, Sirone gradually became interested in his story.
“He was trying to become a new god by killing me and monopolizing my technology. that’s how i got kicked out it was horribly ruined But I didn’t give up. Those who oppose God will be punished. Hee hee! Yes, it is a punishment.”
said Martin, stroking the hilt lovingly, with a mad look on his face.
“Because I stole the sun.”
There were many more questions he wanted to ask, but his mouth didn’t open, and Martin finished all preparations.
“High gear, you know, will replace your heart. A huge number of nanomachines run through your veins. Your brain will soon be eaten too. It doesn’t matter if your arm is cut off, and it would be nice to have an excavator attached to it. There is no such thing as an immune response.”
With the ax over his shoulder, Martin showed Sirone high gear once more.
It didn’t beat like a heart, but blue electricity circulated regularly along the lens-like groove.
“I am human! It’s not a monster, o] you son of a bitch!”
It was an unfamiliar stimulus to spit out a language that I would not have normally used.
“Then let’s begin. Hehehe! Hee hee hee!”
Martin put his high gear on the table, spat on his palm, and raised the ax in both hands.
“no! go away!”
Sirone’s vision faltered again, and Martin raised the ax overhead.
“I will eat your heart!”
As much as the moment he rushed, no matter how much the simulation was, there was no choice but to be dizzy.
“Aww! no! not… … Martin’s help before the deathbed is over
The wind plunged into Sirone’s stomach.
‘Huh!’
The moment I felt my heart pounding, my vision darkened and I heard a woman’s voice.
“Start customizing.”
When he came to his senses, the damp laboratory disappeared and was surrounded by mirrors.
As I looked at my naked body reflected in the mirror, numerous gauges floated beside me.
“This is a space for processing the user’s body shape. Make the shape you want, and give me the order to finish it.”
A cursory glance revealed that all the items necessary for three-dimensional design were listed, and some were locked.
‘Is this a paid content?’
While examining items such as gender conversion, deformity, and deformity, Sirone made a decision.
“complete. I’ll do it.”
Unlike other users, Sirone, who logged in as a problem in reality, felt a sense of resistance to the shape change.
“Customization is finished.”
My vision darkened again, revealing a hazy landscape as if I was intoxicated.
“Quack. Fight, fight.”
I heard Martin’s voice.
Sirone realized that he was being dragged across the floor with the chains loose.
“You half-life who cannot live without the sun. destroy each other Fight endlessly.”
Arriving at the sheer cliff, Martin shouted, pulling Cy Lorne by the feet.
“This is God’s punishment!” The moment I felt the acceleration of gravity, the medicine ran out and my senses returned.
“Huh”
After you finally regained your physical freedom, you centered yourself around the world and saw the far-off ground.
‘Isn’t it incredibly high?’
If he fell like this without countermeasures, his limbs and even his torso would be smashed.
-Start the artificial intelligence program.
Then I heard a mechanical sound in my head.
“huh?”
The retina was covered with a blue film, and a lot of information was expressed in augmented reality.
– High gear level 1. Energy output.
An enormous amount of energy radiated from the heart and enveloped Sirone’s entire body.
“Wow.”
The strong power offset the fear, but it was still a height where a fatal wound could not be avoided.
-Kinetic energy reduction mechanism.
A red circle was drawn on the landscape, and the probability changed in real time along the attachment line.
‘61.7 percent.’
Sirone found a rock sticking out of the cliff and grabbed it.
“Keugh!”
The rock broke with an impact that seemed to dislodge the arm and began to fall down again.
As the falling speed decreased, more recommended patterns emerged, and the probability was much higher.
Coo coo kung!
After stepping on the rock wall a few times, Sirone landed safely on the ground.
– Location navigation. It is the beginner’s zone, the home of iron.
Feeling the cold wind, I looked around and saw countless piles of scrap metal blocking my view.
Augmented reality informed the information of the object.
‘Are they all weapons or armor?’
Helmets, rifles, grenades, etc., were things that did not need to be made in Sirone’s world.
Ta-ta-ta-tata-tang!
A gunshot sounded faintly through the pile of scrap metal.
‘I’ll have to arm myself.’
Then, a beep sound was heard, and a picture of a letter appeared in Sirone’s right eyeball.
-Would you like to see some beginner tips?
“Read.”
Details that could not be heard in the tutorial were written tightly.
“Hmm, there are a total of three user statuses. Artificial intelligence level, engine power level, selective options.”
Since Sirone was currently level 1, there were no bonuses attached to any items.
“Once you do it, you will know.”
After roughly grasping the system, Sirone checked the annoying parts next.
‘Neither magic nor incarnation can be used.
but… …
11 senses remained.
‘Is this part of the beginner’s tip?’
The combat power of high gear is calculated mathematically, but there are cases where this is not possible.
‘Well, it’s because I can’t quantify things like judgment and quickness. If the feeling is the same… …
After thinking for a moment, Sirone opened her eyes like a rabbit.
“Good?”
With hopes of defeating the Operator, Cirone excitedly rummaged through the scrap metal pile.
Putting on an old helmet, he took a rifle and a pistol, and put the magazine through the belt.
It weighed over 10 kilograms, but it didn’t feel heavy.
‘High gear.’
The power unit that replaces the heart was releasing explosive energy every time it cycled.
‘Is this a level 1 output? Then, if you become a ranker, how far will you go… … ‘
The corners of his mouth went up in a rising shudder.
“good! Let’s get started!”
Sirone tapped her helmet and took her first step into the virtual world with one step at a time.
200 meters away from it.
“It’s here, it’s here.”
A long-haired man stood atop a pile of scrap metal, aiming a rifle at Sirone.
When level 7 artificial intelligence implemented augmented reality, a code name appeared above the target.
“The code name is Yahweh 2. Hey, is it platinum?”
Taking his gaze off the sights, he blinked.
‘A raw bio with no parts. An old helmet that can only be obtained at the initial point. And platinum.’
The conclusion was one.
“haha.”
In order to preoccupy an expensive code name, he brought in an insignificant guy in reality.
‘It’s been a while since I caught a fish.’
When I put my hand on the trigger, the artificial intelligence automatically aimed at Sirone’s helmet.
‘An old helmet is a good item, but a level 7 AI calculates penetration, and this is it.’
This difference is very important.
This is because the brain is the only organ in High Gear that cannot be replaced with parts.
‘The calculation is slow, but it’s a downside.’ The number next to the aim changed in real time, and then it was fixed at 98% penetration rate.
‘Goes.’
When he pulled the trigger, a gunshot went off.
At the same time, Sirone twisted her body, and the bullets grazed her in the blink of an eye.
The long-haired man opened his mouth blankly.
“Uh, how?”
If the AI level was high, it would have detected the sniper’s presence from the beginning.
“Dodge bullets with nothing?” The code name Yahweh 2 twinkled in the eyes of the man who seemed to have lost his soul.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1063.txt
=============YYYYY=============
HIGH GEAR(3)
Shirone, who reflexively twisted her body in a chilling feeling, realized it only after moving.
‘sniping?’
It felt a little different from the real world, but the 11 senses were working normally.
Calculating the trajectory, Sirone spotted the man atop a pile of scrap metal piled high like a garden.
Perhaps it was the limit of level 1, but belatedly, as the artificial intelligence worked, the code name came to mind.
‘Colonoscopy.’
The colonoscopist, code-named colonist, who realized it earlier than Sirone, withdrew his rifle and stood up.
‘damn! what is that guy Did you get any weird perks? No, there is no such privilege.’
Although he was level 7, his time in high gear was no less than that of a ranker.
Level 1 couldn’t avoid the bullet unless there was a new update that he didn’t know about.
‘I don’t know if it’s a guy who can avoid it with his bare body in reality.’
But is it possible?
The colonoscopist, who had been watching Yahweh 2 with an uneasy expression, took the strand in the direction of retreating.
‘It must be noisy in the hometown of iron.’ Shirone shouted as the colonoscopy quickly turned and disappeared opposite him.
“at there!”
He kicked off the ground and leaped about 2 meters, but it was impossible to use magic in reality.
“damn!”
By the time the sniper arrived, the man had already completely disappeared.
Judging by the time it ran, it meant that it was much faster than Sirone.
‘It’s a sniping from the beginning.’
I had a hunch when the weapons were piled up like a mountain, but I couldn’t figure out why.
‘What’s the point of killing me when I’m just starting out? I have nothing to take.’
It wasn’t even written in the beginner’s tips.
“good! Start again!”
Cirone, who came down from the scrap metal pile, moved forward with her senses sharpened.
After exiting the entrance, strange things wandered around where the damaged aircraft collapsed.
At first glance, it looks like a rodent, but if you look closely, it’s all made of machines.
Their information appeared in augmented reality.
‘Metal Rat. A type of creature.’
The information was limited due to the level limit, but there was something I heard from Fermi.
‘Aha, grab that and level up… … Thinking that it was good that it was not a living thing, Sirone pointed his rifle forward.
The pattern of the metal rat was simple.
It clung to the large aircraft and gnawed at the iron for 2 seconds, then hurriedly moved away.
“Hmm.”
Sirone felt that the evolution of the machine was strange.
‘It seems to be moving non-stop to avoid predators. It’s also a pattern that is conscious of long-distance attacks.’
Thus, two seconds would have been the golden ratio between feeding and survival.
‘If you move too fast, you can’t eat iron, and if you stay too long, you’ll be sniped. If those numerous cases have established the current pattern through generations… …
Sirone decided on a hunting method.
‘At the moment it gnaws at the gas… … When I put my eyes on the sight, artificial intelligence automatically corrected the aiming point.
Actually, the angle of the shoulder and wrist was off, but it wasn’t unpleasant because the synchronization was over.
‘Now.’
The rifle opened fire.
Level 1 AI didn’t even catch the recoil, so two of the four shots hit.
Kang! Kang!
As the Metal Rat limped away with a shrill scream, Sirone turned.
‘again.’
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Accuracy increased when I shot it with a single shot to reduce recoil, and the metal rat was pushed away every time the sparks exploded.
Kiyi… … .
Luminous liquid flowed from a hole in the abdomen, and finally the action stopped.
“Caught.”
Information appeared in augmented reality.
The experience gauge went up quickly, and the number of 103 EXP flickered.
‘It’s up a third. If I catch two more, I’ll level up.’
Sirone, who ran the momentum and searched the surroundings, was able to quickly hunt two more.
“Level up!”
As bright light flooded the retina, the level of the main augmented reality page changed to 2.
“Bonus points.”
When I opened the status window, the number +1 was marked next to the three items.
There seems to be no special change in artificial intelligence, but the change in output was felt by the body.
‘It’s gotten stronger.’
It was uncomfortable to say that it was a machine rather than a heart, but to be honest, it was a vibration close to pleasure.
“Okay, that’s right. Let’s go all the way to Ranker.” I felt like I could understand the feelings of people who were obsessed with high gear. Savoring the powerful engine, sirone
roamed the hometown of iron at will.
There were various types of creatures, but the difficulty was not higher than the metal rat pattern.
“Ahh, it’s level 3.”
By hunting seven of them, the level went up and the artificial intelligence got a new function.
‘Hmm, 20 percent recoil correction. Ten shots in a row will hit two more. But what are the selective options? I raised the level to 3, but there is no change.’
Gradually, Fermi’s absence was regrettable, but hunting creatures was still much more fun.
As we advanced a little further, the sharp scraping of iron was heard from a remote place.
When I put my back on the corner and poked my head out, I saw a huge quadrupedal machine lying down.
At the center of the machine, over thirty Metal Rats were huddled together.
‘Isn’t that a lot?’
The sound of gnawing iron was loud, and no creatures left their seats.
‘When they gather as a group, they don’t move. Or is there a secret to that aircraft?’
One thing came to Sirone’s mind.
‘It’s a good experience.’
When I thought of the experience I would get from annihilating the Metal Rats, my mechanical heart skipped a beat.
Thinking it was finally time to use it, Sirone pulled out a grenade and held it up.
‘Pull out the safety pin… …
As I was executing the manual that popped up on my left retina, someone suddenly jumped up from behind the quadrupedal walking machine.
“hey! Are you crazy?” When Sirone looked up, he saw a heavily armed boy raising his axe eye.
‘Destruction Demon 707.’
It was the platinum codename.
As the metal rats began to scatter in all directions, Destruction Demon God 707 grabbed the helmet.
“Ah, sir! Everyone runs away! Hey, catch up quickly! Get experience points!”
A red-haired girl who had been hiding behind a pile of scrap metal jumped out and shouted.
“Catch what! It’s already too late!” Taking no damage from her, the Metal Rat was incredibly nimble, sneaking through the cracks like her c*ckroaches.
While Sirone was staring at the safety pin, a skinny man appeared from the other side.
‘That person is also platinum.’
The code name was ‘strongest code name’.
He approached Sirone with his rifle pointed and let out a cold voice.
“Are you quarreling with us now?”
“huh? dispute?”
“You broke the trap. I barely collected them, so are you going to eat them raw? A mean child.”
Just then, the Demon God of Destruction 707 arrived.
“Hey, Yahweh 2! This kid is real! Do you have platinum on your forage? high gear
Would you like me to fold it?”
said the girl.
“stop. Tenman will come soon. I mean, I don’t want to meet them.”
It was codenamed ‘Death Princess’.
“excuse me… … sorry if i did something wrong If there is a way to compensate, I will.”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 shouted.
“Sounds like a reward! on the topic of biotechnology. Guys, should I just kill them?”
The strongest codename shook his head.
“The damage is too great. The equipment is all free, and you won’t have a galaxy. Let’s take it right away.”
Princess Death pointed at Sirone.
“Don’t be silly and follow me. If I break and die, I know I won’t be able to get out of the starting point.”
As a beginner tip, if you die in high gear, you may lose your parts and galaxy.
It was a fairly large penalty, but even if he killed Sirone, who was now penniless, it was equivalent to letting him go.
‘It’s better.’
Sirone needed information to get to the city he had promised with Fermi, so Sirone followed them.
“Ah, sir! It’s even harder to get out of the iron home. We should let you hunt.”
“Let’s try one more time. If you use this guy, you can make traps in no time.”
Sirone asked.
“Do you know where the attogram is? I was supposed to meet a friend there, but there must be some way to make up for it.”
“Hong, do you see us as water? You’re doing this because you can’t go to the Attogram. If you just go there, Mr… … It’s not even my job to restore parts.”
“Why can’t you go?”
Death Princess said.
“Because the Tenmen are blocking it. I’m so sick of it I’m going to die Why is the operator standing still?”
“What is Tenman?”
God of Destruction 707 was absurd.
“What the hell do you know? I didn’t even know that, but I got into high gear pretty well.”
“I got some help.”
The strongest code name said.
“It must be a code name business. Yahweh 2 will be expensive. The friend from Attogram is actually a merchant, right?”
“Uh, what… … similar.”
God of Destruction 707 giggled.
“You got it right. OK, let me tell you about your bleak future. By asking me to come to the Attogram, I mean they’re going to auction off your code name there. Because the killing order fell, there were a lot of code launderers. But the problem is the hometown of iron. This is the only place with a level restriction, so access is impossible.”
“What is the level limit?”
“10. That’s why I’m Tenman. It’s just a beginner’s hunt with only level 10. When they go hunting, they come in groups, kill them, and give them all sorts of insults.”
“Why do you do that? They get nothing out of locking them in the beginner’s area.”
“Because it’s fun.”
God of Destruction 707 turned his head.
“Of course I do it because it’s fun. Anyway, the numbers are so high that the three of us can’t break through.”
“Then this is the end, right?”
“Not really. When new users gather, then it’s an all-out war. Or wait for a large guild to do a massive code laundering. In that case, 30 to 40 people come in at the same time, but they are good at it, so they just push away Tenmen.”
Sirone twitched his lips.
‘This Fermi bastard.’
I left out the most important information and told him to come to Attogram by tomorrow evening.
The strongest code name said.
“There is one more way… … Honestly, it’s annoying.”
“huh? How?”
“Give them what they ask for. They record it, but there are rumors that they ask for a large amount of money as a condition for deleting the video after the level rises. If it’s true, they don’t just do it for fun.”
Death Princess added.
“There are various rumors about Ten Man, but there is no need to worry too much. After all, if you leave the iron hometown, there will be nothing to see again. The reason we made traps was to level them up all at once. If you hunt one by one, Tenman will come and kill you before you know it.”
God of Destruction 707 said.
“You are lucky. Were you still hunting? Originally, I should have been caught by Ten-Man right away.”
“No, I met you at the starting point too. I was just starting out, and they suddenly sniped me.”
“If it’s a sniper… … Sir, the chief eunuch by any chance?”
“Oh, right.”
“haha! You were also unlucky. That guy has some skills. Is that why she interrupted us? Are you trying to take your anger out because you keep dying from Ten Man?”
“It is really a mistake. And he didn’t die either. It didn’t appear after I avoided it once.”
“damage? avoid what?”
“sniping. It was close, but.”
Silence passed.
The three stared blankly at Sirone.
In the middle, God of Destruction 707 burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! Kill the bluff! what? Avoid sniping? So you’re saying you dodged a bullet?”
“No, what happened to that was a terrifying life.
As Sirone, who reflexively threw her body, rolled on the floor, bullets rained from all sides.
“damn! Tenman!”
The three people, lying flat, crawled on their stomachs, but they were too far from cover.
‘He died without moving.’
However, only the sound of gunfire was heard loudly, and no one was shot.
“what?”
Their eyes, which looked behind them while they were crawling, shook in shock.
About 11 Tenmen.
There was only one person they were aiming for, and Yahweh 2 was running barefoot between the trajectories of the bullets.
‘Do you really avoid it?’
Destroyer God 707, trying to understand somehow, grimaced and muttered.
“… … Isn’t this a bug?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1064.txt
=============YYYYY=============
HIGH GEAR(4)
Those who fired crossfire at Sirone were thinking the same thing.
‘what’s this?’
It’s not particularly fast or elegant.
‘A very subtle difference.’
‘Tenman No. 10’, who is in charge of leading Tenman, looked at the situation from a high place.
‘It’s a very subtle difference.’
It was a few centimeters of gap that AI’s automatic aiming couldn’t catch.
‘It’s okay to look and avoid. But is it possible? Even if it’s a level 10 AI… …
It didn’t make sense to see bullets.
‘System error. Should I make a formal offer? I don’t want to get involved with the operator.’
Tenman’s activity of hunting beginners was, in a sense, abusing the system.
Tenman number 10 shouted.
“Get rid of blind spots! Do not aim at the target, but anticipate the shot into space!”
As the bullets blocked the bow, the steps of Sirone, who was running toward the high ground, began to twist.
‘this??????!’
The moment I twisted my body, I saw a black bullet spinning 1 meter in front of me.
Sirone concentrated more.
Spirit Zone is impossible, but the mechanism of concentration itself is unmatched.
11 As the sensitivity soared to the limit, the rotation of the bullet slowed to the point of being visible.
‘It’s almost blocked.’
Giving up on occupying the hill, Sirone threw herself into the only way out.
As I entered the hollow of the scrap heap, countless bullets hit the edge.
The sound of breaking iron deafened my ears.
“Whoa!”
The flow of time returned, and Sirone counted the numbers with his back to the enemies.
‘one two… …
focus again.
‘three!’
As I jumped up and turned around, black dots were embedded in the slow scenery.
Sirone raised a rifle.
Aimed at the head of an enemy 20 meters away before the AI could even catch its aim.
One bullet passed through countless bullets and penetrated the helmet.
“Cheak!”
The enemy fell backwards with a bang and tumbled down the pile of scrap metal.
Tenman No. 10’s eyebrows twitched.
‘ Penetrate?’
The hit Tenman couldn’t move and after a while disappeared to the starting point.
“Hmm.”
Something is strange.
‘Even if it’s a system error, it’s too serious? According to Tenman’s research, Yahweh 2’s level is 3.’
It was a fact that only came out if you knew how many creatures you caught.
‘It’s all about 20 percent recoil compensation. Penetration is impossible even with slight curvature. Accurately aimed at the point of penetration at the moment of the rain of bullets?’
No conclusion has been reached yet.
Even while he was lost in thought, Sirone was eliminating Tenmen one by one.
When the number was reduced to 7, the strongest codename hiding behind cover said.
“Let’s fight too.”
Death Princess was unwilling.
“it’s crazy? If you get caught by those guys, you can’t even get out of the starting point. This code name, 100 million galaxies.”
“Already filmed. If you can’t get through here, you’ll have to wash the codename again. If you send only 1 trillion Ten Men back to the starting point, you can go out of the hometown of iron.”
“Then if we die, we have to start over from the starting point. Let’s just watch and think about it when Yahweh 2 annihilates it. If you get hit, you can just run away.”
God of Destruction 707 agreed.
“that’s right. The risk factor is too great. you don’t have to fight Besides, he owes us money.”
“Can’t you see I’m dodging bullets?”
The strongest codename looked back at his friends.
“Do you think we can catch him even if the three of us rush in? What if Yahweh 2 kills us?” “just do it. let’s go out If I miss this opportunity, I don’t know how long I will have to stay here.”
God of Destruction 707 frowned.
“Ah, sir… …
Using that as a signal flare, three people came out of cover at the same time and fired their rifles.
“Eat this, motherF*ckers!” A shot was fired from the wrong direction
Tenman’s firepower was distributed to both sides.
As the number of injuries piled up, Sirone shot the downed Tenman with a headshot.
‘100% accuracy?’
Tenman number 10’s face was distorted.
‘It’s annoying.’
Tenman’s artificial intelligence, which was limited to level 10, was unable to subdue Yahweh 2.
“Let’s see.”
He jumped off the top of the scrap metal pile and ended the recording while running to the hideout.
A video file was created.
‘illegal program… … . A large guild must be involved. Is it Dongguk? Or Seoguk?’
As long as you make money anywhere, it’s enough.
Tenman number 10 contacted someone with the communication function of the selective option.
Communication Level 10: User codename Sancho.
” Leader.”
he said softly.
“Close the exit.” God of Destruction 707 gasped for breath.
“hurry! hurry!”
The bullet belt he was wearing was dangling, and the helmet with the chin strap loosened knocked on his head.
Sirone caught up and asked.
“Why are you in such a hurry?”
“We have to get out of the Iron Home before the Ten Men gather! Give up fighting from now on. I will run to the exit unconditionally.”
“Then what if you come after me?”
Death Princess said.
“As long as you leave the iron hometown, it will be over. From then on, even if you die, you will be resurrected at a different starting point.”
“aha.”
After all, it was a step difference.
“We are almost there. but… …
The face of the strongest codename darkened at the loud gunfire from the exit.
“It must be difficult to penetrate.”
Ten men who died a while ago should still be at the starting point, but there were more than 10 of them.
Sirone set up a strategy.
“I will fight, so get out of the way.”
“what? Then what about you?”
“I can fight again even if I die, but you guys are a good chance. Do as I say.”
The three exchanged glances.
‘A funny guy? That’s right.’
Saying you would sacrifice yourself for someone you don’t know in high gear. Sirone said with a smile. “Instead of that, you don’t have any debt anymore?” In fact, stealing prey in high gear was a common occurrence under the logic of power.
“Sheesh! You’re making a bad guy for no reason.” 707, the Demon God of Destruction, pressed the helmet firmly and shouted as it jumped forward.
“Absolutely get out! As long as you get out of here, I’ll make you hot!”
“Please, hero.”
The strongest code name he spat out followed, and Princess Death looked back at Sirone.
“thank you.”
Sirone’s heart swelled.
‘It’s not fake.’
Even in a world where everything is made up of lies, there are people living in it.
‘Then I can fight.’
After taking out three grenades, Sirone pulled out the safety pin with her teeth and ran.
“It’s here!”
At the same time as he shouted, grenades flew, and the Tenmen started shooting from all sides.
Aaaaaaaang!
Amidst the roar of the explosion, the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the others ran and scattered.
“Aww! Aaaaaa!”
Even in the simulation world, the tension of running ahead of the goal line was beyond imagination.
‘I’m going! i’m going out! If I die here, I’ll be ashamed of myself and quit my high gear!’ The grenade exploded and the ground shook. 707, the God of Destruction who threw his body, crawled on the ground.
‘I was just trying to stop it. It’s all because of that guy. If you’re sincere like that… …
no more fake
He got up from the haze, unable to see an inch ahead, and ran recklessly.
‘please! please!’
For a moment, a human silhouette was visible outside the smoke.
“Ahh!”
I stopped in a hurry, but the collision was unavoidable and the two rolled on the floor.
“hey! are you okay?”
When I opened my eyes, I saw the face of Princess Death, and the strongest code name was standing next to me.
“no way?”
Location information appeared on the retina of Destruction Demon 707.
wasteland of electrons.
“It came out.”
Raising his upper body, he looked back toward Iron’s hometown, not even having time to like it.
“What about Yahweh 2?”
Yahweh 2 was seen bleeding from his thigh as the dead Tenmen disappeared one by one.
“Sheesh! anyway… … !”
As the Demon God of Destruction 707 prepared to run, the strongest codename grabbed his shoulder.
“stop. If you enter now, the starting point will be reset. We should be here.”
“it’s crazy? Can’t beat that.” God of Destruction 707 saw the code name Sancho.
“It’s parts.”
Sancho’s right arm was so gigantic that it was hard to believe it belonged to a human.
Unique Item Crane.
It was a level 10-only part that could be obtained with an extremely low probability in the hometown of iron.
Sancho turned to Tenman 10 as Sirone gasped and glared at him.
“Is that the guy you were talking about?”
Tenman No. 10, who was kneeling on one knee with his stomach clenched, nodded.
“do it faster. i die soon Grab it before handing it over to the operator. It will be money.”
“Geuk, good money.”
When Sancho raised his right arm, dozens of cylinders mounted on the crane moved simultaneously.
“Yahweh 2. nice code name Kneel down once. If you crawl through my crotch, I’ll let you out.”
Sirone asked.
“Why play like this? Fighting is content, but there is no need to shame them.”
Sancho opened his arms.
“What’s different about getting out of here? To be honest, who among these guys hasn’t been broken by a ranker?”
God of Destruction 707 and the others nodded.
“Issuing a killing order, taking pictures of them, disassembling the items I’ve collected over the years, and raising people who flatter me. Are there any differences between us?”
“I guess so. But the user who did that to you is not here.”
“So it is.”
When the 10th level high gear was activated, the huge craner lifted lightly like a feather.
“It’s fun.”
Sancho grabs a vehicle that weighs over a ton
was
“What are you surprised about? Are you seeing the parts for the first time?”
The scrap metal was bent and firmly fixed in his hand, and explosive energy was emitted.
“Yaaaa!”
When the iron ball was thrown like a cannon, Sirone threw herself with her eyes wide open.
“Keugh!”
He rolled on the floor and fired his rifle, but the back of Crayner’s hand deflected all the bullets.
“Hahaha! I am the king here!” Sancho threw huge things at random.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
Sirone dodged with all his might, but his injured leg was numb.
‘It’s embarrassing. That mechanical arm can’t be pierced with a gun. The only way is to hit from the rear… …
The problem was the difference in power.
“damn! If Yahweh 2 was level 10 or even level 8, he would have won. Crainers are large parts.”
When power is concentrated in one part, it is normal for the output of other parts to drop.
Death Princess pointed to the battlefield.
“I-over there… … !” Sancho, who had driven Sirone to a dead end, violently raised his right arm.
“It’s over!”
When the high gear produced maximum power, the crane moved at a tremendous speed.
‘I can’t avoid it.’
In the slow flow of time, Sirone saw the scratches on the steel fist.
At that moment, Scratch shook and the fist began to deviate from its original trajectory.
‘ vibration.’
At the same time, as I twisted my waist to the other side, Krainer hit the scrap metal behind me with a bang.
‘Now!’
Cirone, who caught Sancho for the first time, immediately raised his rifle and aimed it at his head.
Ta-ta-ta-tata-tang!
It was a headshot, no doubt.
“Gagging!”
The tall Sancho collapsed, and Sirone gasped for breath and thought.
‘Why did the parts shake?’
It’s because you missed the sound while you were concentrating.
“Yahweh2, are you okay?”
Sirone suddenly turned his head.
“you… …
God of Destruction 707, the strongest code name, Death Gong Ju entered Iron’s hometown.
Smoke rose from their rifles.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1065.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dongguk and Seoguk (1)
Sirone guessed the situation.
The Demon God of Destruction 707 and the others fired a volley and slightly distorted the crane’s trajectory.
‘You came back to save me.’
The angle was only around 10 degrees, but it was the only way out for Sirone, who was in a super-concentrated state.
“thank you. Thanks to… …
“you idiot!”
Suddenly, the eyes of the God of Destruction 707 widened and immediately turned around and ran.
“What are you doing? Bounce quickly!”
When Sirone turned around, the Tenmen who had returned from the starting point were firing their rifles.
“Kuk!”
With one numb leg limping, Sirone threw herself at the rope.
After crossing the border, the gunfire stopped.
“done. It’s done now.”
While Princess Death let out a sigh of relief, Sirone looked back at Iron’s hometown.
Tenman number 10 was approaching the exit, supported by his subordinates.
The strongest code name said.
“It’s no use. The starting point has already been changed. Even if it kills us, it will be enough if we come back to life.”
“You, Yahweh2.”
Tenman number 10 stopped in front of the boundary line and asked.
“East country or west country? Even if you don’t know where you belong, come over to our guild. We support everything up to the Magnan level, after which we guarantee 10% of the profits.”
God of Destruction 707’s eyes changed.
‘If it’s Magnan, it’s level 260. Are these guys serious? I have to spend a lot of money to apply from level 1.’
The highest level he reached before laundering his code name was 183.
“I’m not interested in Ten Man.”
Tenman number 10 wrinkled his forehead.
“What are you talking about? Of course it’s the headquarters. Tenman’s activities are just… … no, it’s done good to think Our guild’s influence on the mainland is counted among five fingers.”
Destruction Demon 707 and the others’ expressions darkened.
‘This is a threat.’
Of course, even in large guilds, it is rare to issue an order to kill a specific user.
Once there is a cause, it is difficult to maintain the guild when public opinion deteriorates.
‘But it’s a justification, it’s up to you. Especially in the case of Yahweh 2, it’s easier.’
Just dodging bullets with bio was enough to get a gossip on the mainland.
“no.”
Sirone was adamant.
“If you have a separate base, you guys are worse. That’s probably why they don’t tell you the name of the guild. Do whatever you want. I will crush you.”
“… … You will regret it.”
Tenman didn’t have anything to say, but the high gear stopped before that.
As he turned into a corpse and disappeared to the starting point, his men pointed at him and retreated.
“be careful. I will remember your code name.”
After the Tenmen disappeared from the landscape, Sirone returned to the former wasteland.
“Let’s go too. We should get to Attogram at least by tomorrow. Will you take me?”
“huh? uh, yes.”
It was a shock to them that Yahweh 2 confidently responded to Tenman’s threat.
‘I thought he had an innocent personality, but he’s surprisingly violent.’ The home of iron, the starting point.
When Tenman #10 opened his eyes, Sancho was frowning next to him.
“Leader.”
“… … How did it go?”
“I left. I suggested scouting, but it didn’t even work. I’m not afraid of the killer spirits either. It must belong to a large guild.”
“Sheesh, how could one person get through? Rumors will spread sooner or later, but I want to embarrass myself.”
Destruction Demon God 707 and the others were remarks that they did not care about.
“But it was a bit strange. Dodging bullets in bio is… …
“Aaaaaaa! Aaaaaa!”
Sancho couldn’t contain his anger.
“This son of a bitch is giving me headshots? Hey, did you record everything? Stab the operator right away.”
“Are you okay? The video cannot be edited. Even our voices would have gone in.”
“joy! What are you guys doing? However, playing using system errors is on a different level. It’s called a permanent stop. Don’t let me set foot again.”
“??????okay.”
Tenman No. 10 opened the operator’s suggestion page located at the top of the medium-level reality.
The video file has been uploaded.
Sirone asked.
“You have to spend the night in the wasteland of electrons? Is it that far to the attogram?”
Death Princess touched her chin with her index finger.
“Hmm, should I say it’s far? It would take about 3 hours to run, but it would be 30 minutes even if you just passed level 100. And the problem is that the level is lower than the distance.”
The strongest code name explained.
“It’s more about height than distance. The end of the former wasteland is surrounded by a barrier. To jump over there, the output of high gear must be at least level 10.”
“Aha, then I’ll have to level up and go. By the way, would there be game here too?”
“of course. Parts are hard to find, but the galaxy is quite wide in the beginning. It’s normal to save money here and buy a beginner’s package from Attogram.”
“I see. It’s a beginner’s package.” God of Destruction 707 frowned.
“I don’t even know if I know. Are you really new? But what kind of guts did you have to fight Tenman 10? If the kill record is written at their headquarters, it’s all over for you and us.”
It wasn’t particularly scary, but Sirone didn’t want to harm the party either.
“You said your friend was waiting for you at the Attogram. Maybe he will solve it.”
“That merchant? what’s the code name? If you’re resourceful, I’ll know.”
“Olga’s son.”
All three turned their heads at the same time.
“what! Yolgah’s son?”
“huh. His personality doesn’t match, but he’s a trustworthy guy in this regard. don’t worry too much… …
“What are you talking about! You’re a Dongguk ranker! Besides, the duel ranks 4th overall! Is that Yoga really your friend?”
“I see… … ji? First of all, we are classmates.”
Princess Death asked with her eyes shining.
“Then can we meet when we get to Attogram? huh? Will you introduce me?”
“of course. It’s the same with Tenman, because I can’t harm you guys.”
“Avoid. this is rather… … God of Destruction 707 thought.
‘I’m not just a ranker in the top 100, I’m Yoga’s son. It’s really great. I have to go to Korea unconditionally.’
When searching for Yolga’s son, the pattern of the affiliated guild occupied the square following the ranking by category.
‘No. 1 in Dongguk Guild Ranking. The golden ring.’ When I thought of the pattern of the golden ring to be engraved next to the code name, the corners of my mouth went up.
Sirone asked.
“what? Why is everyone laughing?” God of Destruction 707 shook his head and said.
“huh? Nothing. Anyway, this makes sense to me. Are you also aiming for a ranker? You can’t pretend you don’t know me later.”
“Actually, I didn’t come here to do it right. It’s a personal thing, but I have to beat someone.”
“There is such a case. A bout in high gear. Then the opponent must be Seoguk. what’s the code name? I’ll search for it.”
“operator.” Silence has arrived.
There was no need to search, but on the other hand, my head was jumbled.
“Could it be fake… …
“No, that operator is right. I heard it’s the strongest in high gear.”
‘This guy really doesn’t know anything.’ Otherwise, ‘I heard it’s the strongest.’ There is no such thing as a common expression.
“good. I’m speaking from a veteran’s point of view, but the odds of you single-handedly defeating the operator are zero. It’s not that I’m ignoring you, it’s the high gear system.”
Death Princess said.
“The higher the level, the higher the engine output. But this is the simplest. As the AI level rises, the convenience of combat improves enormously.”
Sirone had already felt it with his body.
“Even if the level is the same, the power varies greatly depending on the performance of the parts. In addition, depending on how the selective options are set, completely different results come out. Do you understand now? At what age do you think you can fit all these elements? Operators are early users. In other words, it is one of the best aircraft that can be implemented in high gear.”
The strongest code name was added.
“Your fighting sense must be the best. Is that what it means to be undefeated and #1 in the duel rankings?”
It wasn’t a world that was said to be biting.
“But I cannot give up. will definitely win What should I do to meet the operator?”
After reading the sincerity in Sirone’s eyes, the God of Destruction 707 let out a sigh.
“Okay, I really want to try it.
noodle… …
Throwing away the empty magazine, he put a new one in the rifle and snapped it up.
“I have to hunt like crazy.”
operator’s conference room.
Marks symbolizing each department appeared on the 12 screens set up along the round table.
Because they were also heretic children of the undercoders, there was no case of revealing their true faces.
“A system-related suggestion came in… …
It was a modulated voice.
“It happened in the hometown of iron. I’ll play the recorded video, so let’s watch it and talk.”
Images were displayed simultaneously on 12 screens.
“Get rid of blind spots! Do not aim at the target, but anticipate the shot into space!”
In the field of vision of Tenman No. 10, Sirone in the video recorded was struggling.
The operator was speechless.
Even after defeating Sancho with a headshot and ending the conversation at the border of the Iron Zone.
“good.”
Mark, number seven (NO.7), spoke first.
“It’s not my major, but I know that I’ve just finished incarnation. Did you breach the firewall?”
said Mark, who is called Yo.
“no. There is no sign of being attacked, let alone infiltrated. The same goes for the meta process.”
“Then what is that? Is that a person? But how do you avoid going over Mach?”
Smile Mark said.
“After examining the log, it seems that extreme time distortion occurred in a state of extreme concentration. In other words, the speed of nerve transmission is higher than the speed of the bullet… …
“therefore!”
Number Seven shouted.
“The magic and schema are all blocked, so how can that happen! Ji is a god, what is it?”
said the black circle mark.
“It is also significant that the user’s code name is Yahweh2. Is it the Yahweh I know?”
The gear mark said.
“As a tutorial manager, you are under no obligation to answer. However, with the honor of the manager, I guarantee that he is not a person who will take advantage of the loopholes in the system.”
Number Seven said.
“What is it, the serious tone that is not like you. what is yahweh what’s the person’s name? Are you handsome?”
“Don’t you know how the world works? Eat some Dream Stars in moderation and go out for a walk.”
“Are you arguing with me right now?”
Lollipop Mark said.
“Now, now, stop! As a result of the review, it is not a systemic error. However, there is room for interpretation depending on the criteria for judgment. All users are given an equal opportunity in high gear, isn’t that our design motto?”
said Mrs. Mark.
“But you can’t interfere with personal feelings. Even in the same situation, everyone reacts differently depending on the deviation of the senses. To deny the sense of Yahweh2 is to deny the individuality of all existing users.”
Smile Mark agreed.
“I think it’s okay as long as it doesn’t deviate from the design intent. In fact, even the Tenmen who reside in Iron’s Hometown can’t be said to follow High Gear’s motto, right?”
“That is fun. That’s fun.”
Number Seven Mark said.
“Anyway, speaking of design intent, what do you think of our lady?”
While everyone was silent, a signal came in on the screen with the high gear mark.
“You have a problem with your words, number seven?” It was the operator’s voice.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1066.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dongguk and Seoguk (2)
The operator, a famous female chain in High Gear, is known as a ‘lady’ among operators.
The first reason was that he did not lose his elegance even in the battlefield where firepower was rampant, but… … .
“Lady is offended again.”
Number Seven’s tone was mixed with contempt.
“Do not misunderstand. I’m asking because you’re the only one who plays high gear among the operators. Are you okay? Yahweh 2. If we leave it as it is, it might break the operator’s stronghold someday, right? I’d rather exile now, “What’s that about? The reason the operator is ranked #1 has nothing to do with me being the operator.”
Number Seven giggled.
“No, I’m afraid I’ll be nervous. how is it? I can tweak the event a bit if you want.”
“Number seven.”
It was a cold voice.
“Don’t touch me. Twelve operators are building high gear, but I am the original designer. Event expansion that goes against the initial concept is unacceptable.”
“I’m a little annoyed to hear it.”
Number Seven responded right away.
“I’ll admit you’re a genius, but we’re here to experiment with the perfect world. It’s not to make a playground for a lonely girl.”
Hey hey hey!
A deafening high-frequency noise hit the operator’s conference room video.
the operator shouted.
“Are you going to die? what do you know about me Shall I explode your brain right now?”
“If you can, try it.”
“Number Seven! you… … !”
At that moment, Lollipop Mark shouted.
“stop! Please stop it!”
The ability to immediately block the operator’s noise attack was excellent.
“Because I keep doing this at every meeting, I can’t even go to academy. Can’t we just focus on the agenda?”
“That bastard keeps pissing me off!” No. 7 did not lose either.
“Are you? What if the operator sticks with the user? Do you know how many bug tests I do every time I prepare for an event? saturday
It’s about to come out.” “Look technically, technically. Why don’t you just log in occasionally and look around to see if it’s working? you are god You don’t have to hunt all day. Just take it with Status Max and wipe it all out. It’s the perfect world you want, because now I don’t quite understand it either? What do you want to do in high gear?”
The radio waves became quiet.
“??????I don’t know.”
the operator said.
“Can the created world really be perfect? After all, if the user turns away, it’s a lie.”
The accident passed in silence.
“Yes, I ran away because I hated reality. So you don’t have a choice. What I want to do in high gear is… … Maybe it’s just living itself. my heart is here So for me, this place is real.”
Number Seven asked.
“Are you satisfied with that? it’s all made by you What if a serious bug pops up? If high gear is a mess, can you live there?”
The answer came belatedly.
“… … I just wanted to live I’m done talking. I’ll go out first. I personally have no charges on the agenda. Please refer to it when voting.” The high gear mark has disappeared.
“joy! The raid time is guarded like a knife. Hey, I’m leaving too. Abstain on the agenda.”
After blocking access to Number Seven, Smile Mark sped up the meeting.
“I vote right away. Number 1 says sanctions should be imposed on Yahweh2, and number 2 says no charges.”
Numbers appeared on 10 screens.
“great. Then I’ll save and lock the contents of today’s meeting. See you at the next meeting.”
Yahweh 2, no charge.
wasteland of electrons.
Sirone and the others set the output of the high gear to the maximum and hunted the metal wolf.
“hey! run away! shoot! Shoot!”
At the same time as the rifle fired, the Metal Wolf rapidly twisted its direction.
707, God of Destruction, frowned upon seeing only debris flying from the poor ground.
“Ah, up about it! weird? Didn’t we catch this very easily in the past’?”
In fact, the average level of Metal Wolf was between 6 and 7, and it was a creature belonging to the weak.
Death Princess said.
“It’s because the level is too low. Usually in the hometown of iron, you get up to level 7 and come out.”
Sirone suggested a way.
“There is no chance of winning in an output competition. First of all, you can’t use the terrain because it’s open. Let us make it.”
“You want to dig a trap?”
“no. It’s to increase the metal wolf’s movement line by one person shooting. And if two people run in a straight line, the difference in speed can be offset. After driving it to a single road like that, the last person finishes it.”
The strongest codename nodded.
“It’s a good way. If you change roles, you will be able to level up evenly. Once you reach level 5, you should be able to easily catch a Metal Wolf.”
The hunting resumed according to Sirone’s strategy.
keying! keying!
As soon as the metal wolf spread on the floor with a sharp mechanical sound, the level rose immediately.
“You kill this? Because the level is so low, even if you catch one, the experience gauge goes up.”
“huh. It will be soon.”
After hunting in order like that, Sirone and the others reached level 5.
Sirone’s eyes sparkled.
“There is a new feature. A search radius of 200 meters.”
Death Princess said.
“huh. It’s an artificial intelligence feature that activates at level 5. Now the information of the user or creature within 200 meters will be displayed. The same goes for code names.”
“I jumped twice. first 100 meters
It was.”
“Oh, how did you know? It’s not even listed in the manual. We knew it because we measured it ourselves.”
“Just what… …
Is it the feeling of a wizard?
“The search radius really matters. First of all, since artificial intelligence doesn’t work outside the search range, it’s automatic aiming and nothing. The only thing you can see is the code name, and that’s within line of sight. If you fall 500 meters or 1 kilometer away, you won’t even be able to confirm who hit you.”
“This is an advantage for snipers. That’s why the colonoscopy was shot at a full 200 meters.”
“That’s basic. As the level goes up, the combat range goes beyond at least 1 kilometer. Users can fly and even fire anti-personnel missiles.”
Sirone nodded.
“I get it roughly. As you level up, the AI’s capabilities increase and its performance improves. In addition, the output is getting stronger, so the 1 level difference is huge.”
“okay. There are five main types of artificial intelligence. What you currently have active are auto-aim, recoil compensation, and search radius, right? One more will be activated at 7th and 9th levels. I’ll let you know while hunting. From the next 10th level, you are now entering the world of selective options.”
“Aha, that’s why it didn’t open.”
Sirone couldn’t help but admit it.
‘Honestly, it’s fun. The system is also designed to be learned step by step as you level up.’
In that respect, Tenman’s existence was close.
‘Well, that’s because it’s the operator’s domain.’
For now, Sirone, who wants to enjoy high gear as a user, goes hunting again.
After catching a level 10 Metal Scorpion and Metal Worm, his experience went up. The scorpion shoots hydrochloric acid from its tail, and the dragon’s ability to hide underground is annoying.
At level 7, the penetration correction function was activated.
“I like that.”
Death Princess explained.
“It’s not a key feature, but a lot of variables come from this penetrating correction. The most important thing is that it is not a probability. Once hit, it can pierce the armor without fail. In other words, no matter how strong the enemy is, there is a chance for a headshot.”
“really? Then, wouldn’t it be possible to defeat the operator?”
“In conclusion, it is possible. But the odds are less than 0.001 percent I think. I’ll explain from now on. Aim your rifle at me.”
When I aimed at the Princess Death’s forehead, an aim popped up.
100% floated in the aim, and a red line drew a ring around it.
When the red line formed a perfect circle, the 100% symbol glowed golden.
“aha??????
“okay? The important thing in the penetration test is the computation time of the artificial intelligence. Now, since it’s an old helmet, the calculation finished in around 2 seconds, but if I had the parts installed, the time would have increased considerably depending on the durability of the gloves. Of course, if you equip better firearms, of course the time will be reduced.”
“I understand. So what happens if we aim at the Operator now? The durability must be the strongest, but doesn’t it take several hours for the penetration test to come out?”
“no. In that case, instead of 100%, a ‘critical’ judgment will appear. Because the limit of the power of a rifle cannot exceed the durability of armor.”
“But you said 0.001 percent.”
“That’s what you were talking about when you equipped a better firearm. Won’t the golden ring support you anyway? Do you want to fight with a rifle? And do you think the operator will wait patiently until you activate penetration compensation?”
” but??????
“It’s a really nice feature, though. You and the operator are in an extreme situation, and usually, if you succeed, you can pierce armor 10 times greater than your strength.”
“But it is just as difficult.”
“Whoops, that’s right. So actually, this is more important in defeating boss creatures. This is called a raid, but if you go to a higher difficulty, the durability of the creatures increases tremendously. At that time, the ‘critical’ judgment is like the rain of a drought. It is said that there are creatures that are physically impossible to attack if the critical fails even once.”
“huh. I think I know what it is.”
The hunt has begun again.
From now on, the level up required a lot of experience, so I had to hunt for a full 3 hours.
God of Destruction 707 said.
“Let’s stop today. It’s dark and hunting efficiency is low. I have to save high gear power too.”
“Out of power?”
“I don’t care at this level, but just in case. Of course, when you reach a high level, it consumes a lot of battery.” The strongest code name is very popular in the wasteland.
I cut down a dry tree that I could see and brought it.
“Let’s light a fire. We don’t need a night watch, but the game might still come.”
I lit a bonfire with the flint I had brought from the hometown of iron, and Sirone sat by the fire.
‘The heat is also real.’
maybe like a dream
“Yahweh 2.”
When I looked up, Princess Death was hesitating with a slightly flushed face.
“huh. what’s the matter?”
“excuse me… … We’re going to have some fun, would you like to join us?”
Sirone, who understood what he meant, looked at the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the strongest code name.
And I felt it in their unconcerned appearance.
‘yes. here is… …
It’s a virtual world.
‘All of those children’s appearances must be lies. That’s right, I’m the only one who’s thinking here.’
Sirone politely declined.
“sorry. I’m a bit awkward.”
“Okay then.”
Princess Death returned to her seat with a smile and started playing silently with her friends.
tadak. tadak.
While the sparks from the bonfire raged wildly, Sirone was lost in thought.
‘What is real?’
Three people sitting across from me were kissing, and beyond that was a vast darkness.
‘The heart… …
Sirone held out her hand close enough to burn herself.
‘Where is it?’
“O uh uh”
? n? 丁that?
The campfire was hot, but also too cold
it was cold

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1067.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dongguk and Seoguk (3)
Dawn broke over the wasteland.
“Shall we start soon?”
When the three of them, who had been playing all night, robbed their seats and got up, Sirone also cheered up.
‘It was really long.’
In the world of high gear, the need to sleep doesn’t arise.
Because you are already dreaming.
Perhaps the setting of replacing the human body with a machine might be perfect for an undercoder.
Destruction Demon 707 and the others enjoying the game was, in a sense, killing time.
Princess Death asked while wearing a helmet.
“Yahweh 2, are you okay? Aren’t you bored? Even if we got stuck in the middle, we were fine.”
“no. I was thinking about this and that. But not sleeping is unusual.”
If it was Yahweh’s spirit, he could last for a month in reality, but he didn’t feel tired at all.
“Even if it’s a dream to use your brain, won’t you get tired if you play for too long?”
The strongest code name said.
“Of course it is. So sometimes I disconnect and leave. But don’t worry too much. High gear is completely different from real time.”
“How much difference does it make?”
It was natural that the signals of simultaneous events in high gear would not be transmitted.
When Sirone dreams, it is as if Sirone in another space cannot see the dream.
“I don’t know because I haven’t measured it accurately, but I heard from others that about 30 days here is a day in reality.”
“30 days… …
Sirone stuck out his tongue.
‘Then in reality, less than an hour has passed yet. Is it because it’s much deeper than Drimo?’
Thinking of the meaning of the cowardice created by humans, Sirone slung her rifle over her shoulder.
God of Destruction 707 said.
“Let’s go. I raised the level to a certain extent yesterday, so it’s almost time to get to the attogram.”
After walking for about two hours, I saw a 5-meter high iron wall at the end of the wasteland.
“This is the final gateway to the wasteland of electrons. If we get any closer from here, a muzzle will come out of the wall and attack us.”
“huh. In order to avoid that, there must be this function, reflex response correction.”
On the way to this place, they had reached level 10 because they had been hunting non-stop.
Sirone examined the function through augmented reality.
-reflex response correction (on/off)
A function activated at level 9 that analyzes external attacks and automatically evades them. Death Princess explained.
“Reflex response correction is a function against automatic aiming. It’s aimed automatically, so there’s also a function to automatically dodge. However, if you are at the same level, the efficiency of automatic aiming is much better.”
Sirone understood.
“Well, if the function of reflex response compensation is better, no one will be able to hit it.”
“that’s right. That’s why masters sometimes turn off reflex response correction. You believe in your own abilities. Or, there are cases where you get only the necessary information while quickly repeating on and off. But at a lower level like us, it’s a must. It’s because you can’t avoid bullets with a level 10 output. ah… …
Death Princess realized.
“You can avoid it. Then you can turn it off. Your senses will still be much better.”
“No, I’ll try anyway. It is easier to apply later when you get used to the system now.”
Having come to a conclusion, Sirone and the others started running toward the wall 500 meters away.
With a level 10 output, it could exceed 5 meters in height, but the problem was bullets.
“come!”
Hundreds of gun barrels shot out from the walls and spewed fire at the party.
Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta!
Dozens of attached lines appeared in augmented reality, and the probability of each hit was displayed next to them.
Sirone’s body moved quickly as reflex response correction, or movement correction, was applied.
“bump! bump!”
Since artificial intelligence is, after all, the user’s brain in high gear, there was no sense of heterogeneity.
‘It’s really comfortable. Instead of accepting external thoughts, accidents are being triggered from within.’
The Demon God of Destruction 707 shouted.
“You have to run as far as you can! If it goes below 50 percent, it gets tough from then on!”
The closer you got to the wall, the more your chance of avoidance dropped.
Leaving the rain of bullets in the AI’s care, Sirone calculated the distance.
‘Now.’
I increased the output of the high gear and kicked the ground vigorously, and four people flew up at the same time.
“Yaaaaa!”
The shouting drew a parabola, and finally the four of them jumped over the wall and landed.
The gunshots disappeared and silence came.
“Whoa, that’s it.”
As Sirone looked around, artificial intelligence outputted spatial information.
-The beginning of the royal road.
Beyond the wall was a dense forest of conifers, and a road led up to the hill.
He raised his head at the sound of a bird, but it was a creature, and even a level 8 enemy.
Death Princess said.
“The beginning of the royal road is a place that brings users spread out in the wasteland of electrons together. No matter what wall you jump over, you have to go through this path.” God of Destruction 707 added.
“The Attogram is the first neutral zone you arrive in high gear. Even if it is a low-level state, the scale is surprisingly large. It’s the place that decides between East and West. That’s why rankers often come and listen to trends and sometimes do scouting.”
It was the beginning of a serious journey.
Seoguk Guild Ranking 1st, Ascension.
A powerful blast of air came out of the custom capsule, and the door slammed open.
Inside the capsule stood a beautiful woman with curly blonde hair covering her eyes.
– High gear charging complete.
The aircraft shook with a clanking sound, and black flat shoes stepped on the ground.
Height is 172 cm, weight is top secret.
However, it was a slim body that would not exceed 55 kg if it was a human body.
User codename, operator.
It was unquestionably the most powerful hardware and software in high gear.
≪Uh ha, she deliberately outputted a voice and roamed around the room like a cat.
“It’s fine.”
The damaged area from the previous raid had been restored.
The entire building used by the Ascension Guild was 23 stories high, and her room was on the 22nd floor.
When I opened the door and went out into the hallway, a 130cm tall girl was standing in the elevator.
A code name appeared in the operator’s eyes. little witch
At level 482, the overall ranking is 13th, but in the duel field, the overall ranking is 7th.
was a talented
‘It’s embarrassing.’
It was unusual to become a ranker in the shortest period of time, but there was a unique atmosphere that was difficult to deal with.
The operator walked to the elevator and asked.
“What’s going on on the 22nd floor?”
Since it is a floor exclusively for guild leaders, guild members do not come here unless there is a special occasion.
The little witch turned around.
“uh? are you connected? It’s quiet even when you knock.”
The face was close to that of a doll, and it was difficult to show expressions, and even the jaw was the same as that of a jointed doll.
“I went out for a while to repair the aircraft. Are you here to find me? What is it?”
“No, just. It’s kind of weird these days.” This was the reason the operator had a hard time dealing with her little witch.
“Do you know Yahweh?”
“Yahweh?”
The little witch, who was checking the number of floors in the elevator, turned her head faster than usual.
But the emotions could not be read.
“Hmm. If you know, you know; if you don’t, you don’t know. But why Yahweh? Does it have anything to do with the recent sentimentality?”
“It’s in high gear. You made a bet with me. If you beat me in a duel, I will grant you what you want.”
“Hoo.”
The little witch’s face was still smiling, but the operator was somehow creepy.
The elevator door opened.
The little witch who entered first asked the operator who followed her.
“Why does that make you feel bad?”
“I did some research, and he turned out to be a much bigger guy than I knew. good till there But he ignored high gear. The only thing I can think of is to use me for the sake of real people.”
“haha! Are you completely blocked?”
It seems like they’re taking sides, but somehow I feel like they’re having fun.
So the operator was even more upset.
“Of course it won’t go the way he wants. You won’t be able to defeat me anyway.”
“Oops, number.”
The little witch pressed down on the first floor and said.
“Of course, beating an undefeated Operator is difficult. But it won’t be easy. Actually, I know Yahweh a little, but he is no ordinary bet either.”
“know.”
This was the reason the operator was in a mess.
“There was a lot of talk at yesterday’s meeting. You seem to have a special sense of time. I dodged a rifle shot while in bio. It means that you have already transcended humans with your body.”
“Wow, really? It’s so cool.”
At the little witch’s exaggerated performance, the operator slightly twisted the bridge of her nose.
“The problem is that he denied my world. He could never lose to a guy like that. He’s frankly pissed off. he said he would smash it. If you still can’t understand it, even if it shocks the brain of reality… …
“operator.”
When I turned my head to the changed voice, the little witch was staring at me with the same expression.
“I don’t care what you do. I will support you too. However, if you harm the real Yahweh… …
That makes it even more terrifying.
“You die to me.”
The aircraft couldn’t swallow saliva, but the saliva ran out of the Operator’s mind.
“??????okay.”
Even though she turned away from reality, she knew how scary the place was outside.
‘Little witch. What a strange person.’ I thought about asking the tutorial manager, but breaking the rules was an absolute no-go.
However, as a result of watching her while living in the guild, there was one part that I could guess.
‘Perhaps the Empress of Kashan… … The person who was.’
According to the investigation, Kashan is currently ruled by an emperor named Gando.
‘There is no limit to financial power. And it’s incredibly deep. More than anything… … I knew the top secret of the temple.
‘Of course I found out by hacking the dream.’
The most important piece of evidence was that I couldn’t access the witch’s dream by any means.
‘There’s a chance he’s not human.’
While the atmosphere became heavy, the operator finished his thoughts and continued.
“don’t worry. Because I’m not interested in things outside. Of course, the relationship between you and Yahweh. I just need to smash Yahweh in high gear.”
“Huh, I’ll look forward to it.”
When the little witch’s voice softened, the operator gently tilted her head.
‘It’s so strange.’
Why can hundreds of emotions be felt on a face with little change in expression?
“come.”
The elevator reached the first floor.
“come.”
At the end of the beginning of the royal road, Sirone caught sight of a huge city in the distance.
Was it like this before the end of the world of Apocalypse?
“It’s amazing.”
Numerous high-rise buildings went up to the sky, and trains passed between the buildings.
God of Destruction 707 said.
“From now on, all that remains is to become stronger in earnest. Of course, it can be annoying in earnest, but that’s okay. We have a son of Yolgah.”
Destruction Demon 707 and the others were like the second round of play, but their hearts were much more excited than the first round.
‘It goes into the golden ring.’
Dreaming of a hopeful future, Sirone and the others sprinted down the hill.
“Good! Let’s smash it!”
Spatial information: free cities, attograms

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1068.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dongguk and Seoguk (4)
The entrance to the Attogram was an arched gate 30 meters high.
The reason why there is no sense of incongruity despite the huge size is probably because the city walls are much higher.
– Check user code. entry permission.
Unlike reality, everything was automatic here, and the huge iron doors opened left and right.
Even the first scene that caught her eye made Sirone’s eyes spin.
“Hey, isn’t that a lot?”
A variety of aircraft that come and go in the cutting-edge city.
The neon sign of the building flashed in so many colors that it made me dizzy.
“Yolga’s son has agreed to meet in the evening, so let’s go hunting in the meantime. Because we raise the level.”
Death Princess said.
“How about matching the parts first? It’s kind of annoying to do with a rifle.”
A team passing by the street burst into laughter when they saw Sirone and the others.
“haha! Hey, look at those kids. Isn’t that an old helmet? Do you still have that?”
“I remember the old days. I wrote that and grabbed Metal Rat. Are there still Tenmen?”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 hit the ground.
“Ah, those! If I hadn’t washed the code name, you wouldn’t have even spoken to me.”
Sirone asked.
“You said you were level 180, right? Maybe that user is higher. Because high-level people also gather here.”
“No, just looking at that, I wonder if it’s level 100. You can tell just by looking at the pants. It’s made by Spread. They only handle sheep-shaped products there. If you’re over level 100 and still have that thing equipped, it’s really funny.”
The strongest code name said.
“When you arrive at the Attogram, about 20,000 galaxies gather. Usually, buying packaged parts is the standard.”
Sirone asked.
“Then what about the selective option? I keep blinking that I can buy something at the ‘electronic store’.”
Death Princess said.
“No beginner tips. Because it is uncomfortable during the hunt. Let me tell you. Go into the selective options first.”
As I did, I saw a slot, and an ‘electronic shop’ sign appeared below it.
“The features of Selective Options can be purchased at electronic stores. Of course, there will be only ‘communication’ now. That’s 20,000 galaxies, but it’s less efficient than buying packages. Unless you are going to do organized activities like Ten Man.”
“Well, we just need to communicate verbally. By the way, there is only one slot. Are you adding functions to it?”
“huh. One more slot will be added at level 20 and one more at level 30. There are a total of three options available. And from level 40, new features are registered in the ‘electronic store’ every 10 levels. From then on, choose and combine options according to your taste, situation, and mission.”
The strongest code name said.
“Anyway, if Yoga’s son supports you, you can buy a telecom, but it’s a matter of mood. We have some time until evening, so let’s buy a package and go hunting.”
God of Destruction 707 looked back at Sirone.
“Yes, but are you sure Yolgas son is helping you? Then can I get the galaxy too?”
“Perhaps. I don’t know how far I can help, but I’ll have to vomit everything I have.”
This is because the future of mankind is at stake.
“really? You look very friendly.”
There seemed to be some misunderstanding, but there was no need for a long line.
“haha! what… …
Destruction Demon God 707 pointed to the city.
“Then let’s go to ‘Maron’. Maronsa is the best for beginners.”
When I entered the commercial area specializing in parts, it was crowded with people.
“So many.”
“The most important thing in high gear is the parts after the level. A total of 270 companies set up shop here. Some of them are run by users.”
“A user?”
“of course. Now users can exchange all items. There are users who sell parts at the stand, and there are also cases where they buy and open stores with Eunha.”
Death Princess added.
“User-made parts should be purchased carefully. It has many unique or outstanding features, but it is weak in terms of balance. If your right arm is a product of the ‘Megamix’ company and it is not compatible, then you are just wasting money.”
“That’s your story.”
At the words of the strongest code name, Princess Death became furious.
“So that’s what you’re talking about! If there are enough galaxies, we can experiment with anything, but we are poor. You have to be as careful as possible when purchasing.”
When they arrived at ‘Maron’, a humanoid body with a steel frame was approaching them.
“welcome. How can I help you?”
“I want to buy parts. Marron Package Beginner. It’s still 20,000 galaxies, right? When is the three-day period?” The guide robot, which kindly answered the question of Destruction Demon 707, brought a box larger than a human.
“Did you pay a lot of attention to the packaging?”
Looking at the outside, a beautiful girl winked at me as if asking me to buy it.
“All commercial parts come in boxes. If you open the box, there is no refund. There are users who don’t use them but collect a few for a specific model.”
“Then I can’t check the contents. Well, since it’s a program, isn’t there anything wrong with it?”
“There is nothing to do. You can still check the contents. If you look at the box, there will be an artificial intelligence simulation mark. If you touch it, you can have a virtual experience.”
Swallowing the words, ‘This is virtual,’ Sirone reached out to the box.
An electrical signal scanned Sirone, and it was in a state of wearing parts before he knew it.
“what?”
The appearance was almost the same, but bearings were embedded in each joint, and the joint surface was visible on the face as well.
“haha! Aren’t you curious? You can experiment with this and that and buy it if you like it. Oh, as Princess Death said, be careful because the items sold by users do not have this function.”
‘The joints… …
Turning her elbows 360 degrees, Shirone turned her neck joint to look behind her.
“It’s really strange.”
Death Princess said.
“It will be awkward at first. But the drive joint itself is very convenient in battle. Of course, if you go later, there will be durability problems. Lion anyhow. We don’t have a galaxy where we can buy anything other than this.”
Just like everyone else, Sirone raised her palm to ‘Buy’ in the box and paid for the galaxy.
“Choose an immediate replacement. If you go later, you’ll experience it anyway, but that’s a bit strange.”
I was curious about the exchange of human bodies, but I was still more reluctant.
“huh. Replace immediately.”
When the transaction was over, the replacement process was omitted, and four people who turned into androids were born.
“Let’s hunt now. If you play a little bit, you will get used to the parts. Now, where do we start?”
The strongest code name said.
“I have no nationality, so I have to go to the neutral zone. Of course, that’s annoying too
I will have it.”
After exiting the North Gate of the Attogram, there was an abandoned city a kilometer away.
A creepy-looking creature resided there, and some users were happily hunting.
Spatial Intelligence: Destroy-033
“Destroy is a basic hunting ground in high gear. Since it’s level 10, let’s catch the robot. Can you see that?”
The aircraft caught my eye as it patted the ground with its tripod feet and looked around.
When the automatic aim caught it, Sirone’s right arm went through a mechanical transformation.
Chiing! Chiing!
In less than a second, before I knew it, my hand had turned into a hand-held muzzle.
“Ahh!”
“It seems a little bearable. Beginner parts are good enough for this. Anyway, the main firepower of this part is energy bullets. See the vertical gauge on the side of your field of view?”
“huh. It says 1,000/1,000.”
“Energy bullets use batteries. One battery can fire 1,000 rounds. Other companies also sell live ammunition, but Eunha can’t afford it. Efficiency goes down.”
“How much is the battery?”
“500 galaxies. That’s enough money to live on no matter how much hunting is ruined. Let’s start now.”
Gunshots rang out at Destroy-033.
The speed was incomparably faster than when it was bio, and the firepower was powerful.
bang! bang!
Every time the four energy bullets were concentrated, the War Robot was smashed with a thrilling sound.
“Five hundred feet left.”
“But I’ve already collected 2,000 galaxies. If you catch it a little more, the level will rise.”
The one with the highest score was Sirone.
“there! And over there!”
He was destroying the War Robot by spinning his elbow joints as well as his neck joints.
‘… … Adaptability is awesome. They said it was gross at times.’
Anyway, one thing was clear.
‘He said he was new to high gear, but this guy’s been through a lot of fights.’
I have watched rankers’ raids through satellite relay.
All the strategies and tactics, quickness and judgment that made me realize that function isn’t everything.
‘The level is low, but… …
As I watched the battle of Yahweh 2, the thrill I felt from them surged like a sense of déjà vu.
‘What the hell is he doing?’
For the first time, I was curious about his identity, but the God of Destruction 707 shook his head.
He, too, would not be in a good mood if someone were digging into the identity of reality.
‘Let’s go hunting.’
With that thought in mind, Sirone suddenly shouted loudly.
“damage!”
At the same time, sparks flew from Princess Death’s body.
“Ugh!”
When the remaining three turned their heads, someone was smirking 250 meters in front of them.
‘User codename… …
5 minutes before opening.
‘It’s Seoguk.’
Shirone felt it in advance through her feelings, but there was nothing she could do about it other than verbally conveying it.
Death Princess shouted.
“hey! What are you doing? do you want to die?”
“haha! sorry. It’s a mistake, a mistake. Stop trying to catch the wolf on the other side… … . Sorry.”
The company apologized 5 minutes before the opening, but the party was still displeased.
‘You sound like a mistake.’
There was no way the automatic aim would make a mistake, and looking at the parts covering the joints, they were over level 20.
‘Do level 20 hunt here?’
I wanted to fight, but I turned around because I didn’t want to lose the equipment I bought.
“Never mind, let’s go. That guy, he’s doing that because he’s bored. They only pick and harass beginners.”
Sirone examined the side of Princess Death.
“It’s broken.”
“huh. Durability is 80/100. It’s Maron’s bolt gun. Let us just avoid it. The gloves will be above us too.”
When the person concerned said so, Sirone also stepped back and glared at the game five minutes ago.
He smiled and waved his hand.
By the time they hunted for another 10 minutes, Sirone felt an irritating sensation again.
“damage… …
bang
Princess Death’s left arm was smashed.
‘Penetration judgment.’
It was clear that he was aiming intently, and Si Lone turned around widening his eyes.
5 minutes before the opening, he rubbed his head.
“haha! sorry! I made another mistake. I’ll be really careful from now on, so just take a look.”
Sirone didn’t believe it.
“let’s fight. That’s evil.”
“If we fight back, we will become hostile. If you die in that state, your loot will be taken away. That’s what he’s aiming for… …
Before he could finish his words, Sirone kicked off the ground and fired the energy gun at 5 minutes ago.
“ha ha ha! did you shoot This is hostilities!”
A level 23 artificial intelligence was automatically avoiding Sirone’s bullets.
‘It’s easy like Maron.’
He probably didn’t have much anyway, but he wanted to see the bitter reaction of users.
“This is what a bolt gun is.” The energy bullets flew out with a much heavier sound than Sirone’s weapon.
and Sirone.
“huh?”
He evaded the bullets fired like a hail of fire and continued to try to counterattack. the distance is getting closer
“uh? uh?”
The probability of avoidance 5 minutes before the game began to drop rapidly towards 0%.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1069.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Dongguk and Seoguk (5)
“this! this person… … !”
As the distance with Yahweh 2 gradually got closer, the expression on his face 5 minutes before the opening became distorted.
‘what? What is this!’
Used to bullying beginners in the Neutral Zone, he had his own manual.
Most of the newcomers have strong pride, so after a few provocations, they will attack like Yahweh 2.
Even if you attack first, the moment you counterattack, the two sides become hostile to the system of High Gear.
If you eliminate the opponent in that state, even if the nationality is different, you can get the spoils.
The contents of the loot can randomly receive 10% of the galaxy or take away certain parts.
If you are a master with dozens of trillions, 10% of the galaxy will be a jackpot, but 5 minutes before the dog game, you get the beginner’s parts and have a lot of fun.
And even now, I thought I could eat them with the beginner’s package.
‘I did… …
He tried shooting with the maximum output of the high gear, but the Yahweh 2 didn’t hit even a single shot.
‘How does this happen?’
I was embarrassed 5 minutes before the game due to a situation outside my experience, and finally the probability of avoidance fell below 20%.
“You bastard!”
Sirone shouted and raised her arms, and the energy bullet hit the body 5 minutes ago.
“Big!”
Of course, since durability is good compared to firepower, just a few hits won’t lead to death.
‘This is strange. it’s a bug It says system error.’
I felt chills 5 minutes before the opening.
As if a cuckoo clock that I was so used to not paying attention to came out at the wrong time.
‘If the distance is shortened, the probability of avoidance decreases. But so does that guy.’
The engagement continued.
While Sirone was dodging between the barrages, several shots hit 5 minutes ago.
Sparks flew on the body, and the durability of the damaged part was revealed through augmented reality.
‘haha. Heck.’
Durability 482/500.
I was momentarily taken aback by the abnormal situation, but the difference in power seen in numbers was clear.
‘His weapon is powerless. If he’s fighting at close range, I’m much more advantageous.’
And one more thing.
‘This is what I have.’
When the selective option activated at level 20, ‘Turbo’, was activated, the output increased rapidly.
“die!”
When using energy bullets, the firepower was more than twice as strong as before because it was affected by the output.
“Big!”
As the speed of the danmaku increased, Sirone twisted her nose and increased her concentration.
Time is passing slowly… … .
‘Specific pattern.’
The group of round flashes of light that looked like dandelions became clear.
‘There it is.’
It was a geometry that took place in space and time, and Sirone quickly dug in looking for gaps.
My heart sank 5 minutes before the opening.
“Aaaaaaa!”
I couldn’t stand the nervousness and sprayed bullets like crazy, but it only made Sirone more comfortable.
Finally, 5 minutes ago, Shirone shouted at Sirone, who was right in front of him.
“OK! Let’s see who wins!
this… … !”
bang!
My eyes trembled five minutes before the opening, and the expressions of the party who were watching became dazed.
Yahweh 2, who knew how to fight, punched the face of the 5 minutes before the opening with the other side of the fist.
“Ouch!”
The unexpected shock caused Shirone to fall backwards and press his chest.
As Sirone aimed the gun at his head, he saw a terrified man’s expression in his eyes.
Silence passed.
The Demon God of Destruction 707 murmured.
“Why, why don’t you shoot?”
“Is it because it’s the first time you’ve killed a person? That guy seems to be sensitive to that kind of thing.”
Sirone asked.
“Why did you attack us?”
“What nonsense are you talking about? Kut!”
5 minutes before the opening, I tried to straighten my upper body, but Sirone pressed me again with my feet.
“I apologize to Death Princess. Harming others for no reason is bad.”
‘What is this again?’
The 5 minutes before the opening was absurd.
‘Is it a concept? No, I can win now. I have much higher durability anyway, right?’
His mouth twitched, and he trembled with arms wide open as if expressing surrender.
“okay. I’ll go and apologize. Have a look. I won’t even go anywhere next time.”
Death Princess shouted.
“Don’t believe me! That guy is cheating!”
While Sirone didn’t even move, 5 minutes ago, the gun was pointed upwards.
“Of course not, you idiot.”
The moment he was about to grind the energy bullet, he saw Sirone’s cold eyes.
‘ uh’?’
live.
At that moment, a thought passed quickly, and Sirone’s voice sounded unrealistic.
“Penetrate.”
It was already dead.
“Sleep, hold on… … !”
bang!
Sirone’s shoulder shook once, and the energy bullet shattered the head 5 minutes ago.
“Kegeg… … Kegegeg!”
The aircraft hit by the headshot shuddered like epilepsy, and then the engine stopped with a mechanical sound.
“Hey, Yahweh2.”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 and his party stopped walking.
‘What’s the atmosphere like?’
Looking down at the plane, lost in thought, was so serious that I couldn’t bear to intervene.
The strongest code name said.
“Durability averaged 500 5 minutes before the opening. It takes quite a while to receive a penetration test with Sirone’s firearms. I thought about it and asked the question. From the very beginning, I don’t think I cared about being a person or anything. He has a thoroughly calculating personality.”
The time we met was short, but I got a rough idea of what Yahweh 2 was like.
“Perhaps. but… … Death Princess said.
“You look so sad.”
Who is it?
What kind of life do you live in reality, so you feel sadness even in the simulation?
Sirone smiled and turned his head.
“Win. Is everyone okay?”
When the heavy atmosphere was relieved, the Demon God of Destruction 707 and the others finally moved on.
“It was great. I know how to dodge energy bullets. Aren’t you, by any chance, a genius in battle?”
“I was lucky. It would have been a pretty tough fight if the 5-minute show had been clever.”
“What are you talking about? It was a complete victory.”
Sirone reviewed the battle.
“If it were me, I would have retreated and fought. Spherical joints allow you to sprint forward while keeping an eye on your back. It takes advantage of the high output. Maybe it was an urgent situation, so I didn’t think about it that far. That’s why I also knocked it down.”
It was a difference in judgment.
“The mind of looking down on the enemy, the carelessness of whether I will lose. These things also have a big impact on the battle. In the end, it was only a high level, but not a particularly strong opponent.” God of Destruction 707 and the others thought of Ranker.
‘Artificial intelligence system allows non-combatants to enjoy all content. That’s a big plus, but… …
You can’t become a ranker that much. Those who do not rely on the system, but understand and use the system thoroughly.
The ability to evade energy bullets was a secondary issue compared to that.
‘You learn so fast. Now, even on the same terms, we will lose.’
It wasn’t particularly unpleasant.
‘Well, they say he’s a friend of Yolga’s son.’
Then Sirone pointed to the ground and asked.
“Is there something here?”
“booty!”
Princess Death clapped her hands and said.
“If you die while the hostilities check is up, you can get loot. No one can see it until you learn it. what? What fell?”
Sirone acquired the parts that had fallen on the floor.
“this? It’s the right arm that guy used earlier. Maronsa, it’s the Bolt Gun-Z204 model.”
God of Destruction 707 burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! He dropped the most expensive one. It’s ugly. Your stomach should be bloated by now.”
“Is it irreparable? Then how about Princess Death’s left arm?”
“huh. No loot or durability upon death
Parts that have become zero are considered permanent losses. are you okay. My left arm is sold separately, so you can buy it at the store.”
“Hmm, then what about this? It’s the right arm, so Death Princess can’t use it. Should I sell it and turn it into a galaxy?”
The strongest code name said.
“That is possible, but not recommended. If you sell to a store, there is a fee. However, it is not a particularly popular model to sell to users. There is a limit to mass-produced products that can be used at level 20 anyway.”
God of Destruction 707 said.
“Don’t do that, you write. that’s what’s left Let’s go to the Attogram and find the Engineer. I need to replenish the bullets anyway.”
“huh. By the way, an engineer?”
“Items in the store can be replaced immediately, but the user-developed parts or loot must be installed by an engineer himself. Large guilds even hire dedicated engineers.”
“That’s what you mean by experiencing it anyway.”
“yes. Parts sold at stores are good, but legendary items and artisan items are acquired through hunting or dueling. don’t worry too much The right arm isn’t even grotesque.”
The strongest code name was added.
“Personally, eye replacement is the most annoying.”
“agreement.”
After returning to Attogram, the party purchased Princess Death’s left arm and energy bullets at the Maron store.
Next, we found an engineer.
“There are engineers at the parts store, but they are expensive. It’s better to ask the user.”
“huh. Let’s save it.”
It was Sirone’s style to learn from the basics even if Eunha was not in need.
When I entered the shop of ‘Hermes’, a famous engineer in Attogram, I saw a familiar face.
“huh?”
Five minutes before the opening, he and his colleagues were equipped with a newly purchased bolt gun.
Sirone was nervous, but he didn’t show a radical attitude like in Destroy.
God of Destruction 707’s smile was convex.
“I guess you bought a part? In the end, was it the bolt gun that I chose again? look good?”
“You child… … Do you think it will end like this?”
Sirone searched for beginner tips.
In the city, it was impossible to fight without a special event taking place.
‘Hmm, I guess it’s like that.’
My co-workers 5 minutes before the start of the game gave me a chin.
“Hey, are those guys?”
“okay. remember your face You guys, choose Dongguk. Let’s fight properly.”
Sirone confirmed their code names.
‘One minute before opening. 2 minutes before opening… …
A machine with a round body and long, thick arms like a gorilla approached Sirone.
It was one minute before the opening.
“Yahweh 2, don’t run into me on the battlefield. Because I’m going to throw away the foot and foot of the foot.”
‘Amara all-in-one. It’s over level 70.’ While the party was making nervous faces, one minute before the opening, they walked out to the door.
“let’s go.”
After the repairs were completed, 5 minutes ago, Shirone replaced his right arm.
The engineer said that he did not know if the output would follow, but that one part would be fine.
When I came out, it was already dark.
“Shall we go to Freedom Square soon? It annoys me to see a bunch of bastards attacking you.”
Freedom Square, which arrived along the destruction demon 707, was crowded with people.
Numerous users were selling goods, and there were also people scouting guild members.
“When are you coming?”
While waiting while checking the time with augmented reality, the entrance to the plaza became noisy.
“wow! It’s a ranker!”
Sirone and the others naturally turned a blind eye.
It was a small woman 160 cm tall who was driving the crowds.
A pale face, light purple straight hair half-covered the back, and bangs cut horizontally at the line of the eyebrows.
I didn’t even have to look at the code name.
“It’s Aegis.”
He was a skilled player who ranked 8th overall in the duel rankings that users rated the most.
“Why did Aegis come to Attogram? The Golden Flower members play in Nazca City.”
“I know. Are there any events that I don’t know about?”
Aegis walked straight toward Sirone without even looking around.
God of Destruction 707 swallowed saliva with his heart.
‘The gas is really tight. How much does it all cost? We won’t be able to match it even in our lifetime.’
Finally stopping, Aegis carefully checked Syrone’s code name.
“Yahweh 2… …
“Hey, who are you?”
Aegis with both arms attached to his body bent down.
“nice to see you. I came under the direction of the boss. let’s go I will serve you.”
Freedom Square was enveloped in a huge silence.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1070.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Unique Chance (1)
The silence that seemed to last forever turned into a loud murmur at some point.
“What, what? Why Aegis?”
It was very rare for a user to actually take that posture in high gear.
Even if he was threatened by a ranker, he would wash his code name and not sell his pride.
“Who is Yahweh 2? have you heard?”
“No, this is the first time. The parts are also messed up. A bolt gun in the basic package of Maronsa… …
You asked Shiro while people were fascinated by the appearance that seemed to be picked up and sold as scrap metal.
“I thought he would come himself.”
I had guessed the identity of Aegis from the moment I called Fermi the president.
‘It’s a golden ring of reality.’
Aegis lowered her head again.
“sorry. He said it would be better to be quiet when it comes to solving Yahweh’s problems.”
Sirone understood.
“great. We leave now.”
Aegis turned around in a military fashion and walked towards the exit on the north side of the plaza.
Sirone didn’t care about people’s stares, but Destruction Demon 707 and his party were different.
‘Ugh, this is the first time I’ve gotten this much attention. By the way, Yahweh 2, what the hell is this guy?’
From the beginning, I thought it would not be an ordinary user, but it was also in high gear.
‘What’s going on? what else is the boss? I felt anxious that I might have been caught up in a huge event that transcended our virtual world.
‘Is it okay if we go on like this?’
As God of Destruction 707 turned his head, the same emotion was felt on the faces of his friends.
“Aww. ah… …
When I came to my senses at the sound of moaning, it was an alley in a slum in the north of the city.
Drunk junkies were rolling on the floor like they were at home, making strange noises.
Sirone asked.
“They?”
“They are addicted to drug programs.
all. High Gear is basically a battle simulation, but the range of applications is as wide as it is in Under Coder. It also has the advantage of being difficult to chase because it is a floor coder. The president also conducted clinical trials here.”
It was the tears of an angel, an angel.
“Kiyaaaa!”
The bald-headed couple fell against the wall and shouted at Sirone with their tongues sticking out long.
Electricity ran through the seven mechanical eyeballs.
‘Here, the reaction to the drug can be converted into a numerical value. It’s more effective than biological experiments.’
I could guess why Fermi chose high gear.
Soon, I saw a shabby motel with half-turned-off neon lights, and Aegis went straight to room 307.
“Boss, I have brought you.”
When I opened the door and entered, I saw a man with an eerie look sitting on the bed.
“Fermi?”
User code name, son of Yolgah.
His red hair was shaved and he had a tattoo that looked like a monster’s face with black dye.
His eyes were white with no pupils, and he wore fur coats like those worn by devil worshipers.
“… … What kind of villain captain are you?” In real life, Fermi plays a clean-cut businessman, but his inner self was different.
“Jin, are you really Yoga’s son?”
Unlike the absurd Shirone, the Destruction Demon 707 and the others couldn’t believe it even after seeing it with their own eyes.
‘kill. Genosa’s flawless eye ATX. It’s also matte.’
The impression itself is intimidating, but the fact that the pupils are not visible is excellent in close combat.
Fermi suggested a table.
“sit down. by the way… … Do you have a group?”
Forgetting that it was a virtual world, God of Destruction 707 was at a loss.
“Oh, hello. we are… … Sirone spoke briefly.
“They are my friends.”
Fermi nodded as if that was enough and invited them to sit down as well.
“Yes, nice to meet you. Sit down for now.”
“Ah yes.”
Even while sitting far away from the bed, the Demon Demons of Destruction 707 and the others were dazed.
‘What kind of relationship?’
The code name is washable. Therefore, meeting new users in large guilds was a matter of caution.
‘Can I not ask anything?’ Even though I couldn’t define it clearly, it seemed that Yahweh 2 had the pendulum of power.
Fermi got lucky.
“Well then… …
“hey! you!”
Sirone pointed.
“You wouldn’t have said anything to me! Just like Ten Man, the former wasteland is huge too! Is that on purpose?”
“Ah, why do players get angry with each other over things like that? To be honest, nothing happened, right?”
Looking back, it was.
“You have to do this much to be called Yahweh. listen for once Because I wasn’t playing either. Defeating the Operator, you still haven’t changed your mind, have you?”
God of Destruction 707 and the others looked at each other.
‘Was it for real?’
Of course, I heard that, but Yahweh 2 knew nothing about high gear.
‘Now the head of the gold ring is talking.’
The weight was completely different, and I couldn’t even imagine how that was possible.
Sirone said.
“No matter what you think, you have no choice but to do it. You have to beat the operator to make it work.”
“just wondering. Now that you understand the system to some extent, you can see how difficult it is, right?”
“??????okay.”
Sirone couldn’t deny it.
“Then it would be nice to talk. That’s why I didn’t tell you. Your insight is much faster than my explanation. Have you ever heard of the Ascension Guild?”
“no.”
“It’s the No. 1 guild in Seoguk, headed by an operator. He has a lot of rankers and a celebrity like me. That is to say, he rarely engages in outside activities. We hunt at the highest level of difficulty, which is inaccessible to ordinary users.”
Fermi pointed west.
“Personality eccentric, presumed to be female. She probably won’t come to see you. Then you will have to go to the hunting grounds, but I think you will be instantly killed by Kreacher, let alone Ascendant Guild members. I’m not saying this to hurt your pride… …
“It doesn’t hurt.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“Tell me how. How can I meet you?”
“Sunbeam.”
God of Destruction 707 and the others groaned.
“ah
“It can be said to be the most important event of High Gear. Do you have a rough idea of the worldview?”
“Dr. Martin stole the sun.”
“okay. To be precise, it is the sun sign. A place with a low gear that only exists in this world.”
“Low gear?”
“It is a device that converts solar energy into electrical energy. The electricity generated there runs through mid-gear all over the continent. The mid gear is a capsule-type device, and the energy of the high gear is recharged there.”
Fermi pointed at Sirone.
“You may not be able to feel it because your level is low right now, but even if you go over level 100, it becomes difficult to manage your energy. You have to charge it at a charging station where the mid-gear is installed, or you have to purchase an auxiliary device separately. lets think. Everyone in high gear is using it.” Sirone understood.
“And the country that won the solar war… …
“Yeah, eat everything. In particular, the guild that occupies the Sun Palace can charge high gear for free until the next Sun War. Conversely, other countries have to pay fees and buy energy. As you know, high gear is the heart of users. In reality, it is a fight to the death.”
“I will definitely participate, Operator too.”
“All guilds participate. This is the only way you can meet the operator.”
“excuse me… …
Death Princess raised her hand.
“May I ask you some questions?”
“Princess attention is always welcome.”
She laughed softly.
“I watched a lot of relays of Taeyangjeon. My drinking strategy was very fierce. Of course, Operator Laiter will participate, but Yahweh 2 will not be able to meet. to be honest… … If you don’t become a ranker, you won’t even be able to enter the Sun Palace.”
“That is our problem too.”
Fermi nodded.
“Dongguk and Seoguk have a tight win rate in the Battle of the Sun, but unfortunately, Seoguk lost in the last Battle of the Sun. In other words, we are Siege, and that is Mercury. In the end, to enter the Sun Palace, you have to fight through the crowds as well as deal with rankers. In particular, you will not be able to penetrate the first line of the Ascension Guild.”
The strongest code name was added.
“Because we also operate a command center for strategies between guilds as well as tactics between guild members. It is impossible to carry out individual missions in a fight where one mistake can steal the sun. I don’t think it’s a good way either.”
“you can do it.”
Sirone did not give up.
“It’s your job to solve the problem. How, did you bring it? What should I do?”
≪Table o ”
-1—r.
Fermi, who dropped his shoulders and sighed, raised his head and exhaled.
“Give up solar warfare.”
Destruction Demon 707’s expression hardened.
“To be honest, it’s impossible to carry you while worrying about winning the war. therefore give up I will use all the guilds in Dongguk to transport you to the vicinity of the Palace of the Sun. After that… …
Fermi took one look at Aegis.
“Golden wheel guild members are all out, disturbing the first line of the Ascension Guild. If it’s a fight that doesn’t matter even if you don’t win, you can do it. The key is to keep it as far away from you as possible.”
God of Destruction 707 made an absurd expression.
“But that is betraying the guild of the same country. If you leave the solar cell, the guild will be ruined?”
Fermi didn’t budge, and neither did Sirone.
“What are the odds?”
“100 percent. Or 0 percent. We continue to mark Ascension 1st class with physical bullets. Even if I lose everything, I will carry you into the sun palace. This is my responsibility. It’s up to you. Grab the operator by any means.”
God of Destruction 707 opened his mouth.
“Oh, no… …
The first thought that came to my mind was this.
‘Why do I have to go that far?’
I looked at Aegis, but she also had an expression that revealed a murderous look.
Sirone asked.
“How much can I raise? Even if the probability is low, it is good. At least how much stronger do I have to be to not be impossible?”
“Hmm. Did you do anything strange when you came here? For example, the senses are a little different.”
“The feeling of curiosity still remains. It’s not the same as reality, but the signal system is the same.”
“Cheuk, that’s right.”
As if he had already predicted it, Fermi calculated it right away.
“At least level 300. Of course, the higher the better, but it will be difficult to match the solar cell. You don’t want to take more time.”
In reality, the day was critical.
“From level 300 onwards, the amount of experience needed to level up makes no sense. Therefore, 300 is the best, and the rest has no choice but to compete with parts.”
“But parts are also affected by levels. They say this bolt gun is too much to turn with my power.”
“The prototype is like that. There is no choice but to supplement it with legendary or artisan parts with special energy efficiency. Anyway, no matter what you do, you will never get a win rate higher than 5%. It’s a battle of how close you are.” Fermi stood up.
“In the same sense, there is a limit to what I can give you right now. For now, I leave it to my friends until level 100. Put it on in two days.”
Destruction Demon God 707’s eyes widened.
“yes? Level 100 in 2 days?”
“Equip the best parts and grab a high-level creature. A strong creature is not the answer, but you’re faster than me in this section anyway, right?” Of course it was.
“Ha, but in that way, even if the level goes up a little, you have to keep buying new parts. What about the original parts?”
“throw away. Sending a credit card approved by the Ring of Gold. Buy everything you need. You can use the galaxy unlimitedly, so make Yahweh 2 level 100 within 2 days. can you do it?”
Destruction Demon 707 looked back at his friends with a blank expression and nodded.
“… … yes.”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1071.txt
=============YYYYY=============
only chance (2)
Marron Parts Shop.
The automatic door opened, and Sirone’s data was transmitted remotely to the company.
“First of all, by purchasing power bombs in large quantities… …
As Destruction Demon 707 entered the store while explaining to Sirone, the second floor became noisy.
“huh?”
A man in a tuxedo was hurriedly descending accompanied by robot guides.
“welcome! I am the manager of Maronsa Attogram!”
As expected, it was a robot, but it was so precise that it was indistinguishable from humans.
Users whispered.
“What, are you the branch manager? This is the first time I saw it in the early days of High Gear.”
“I know. Is there a discount event?” Sirone stared at the branch manager’s smiling face.
‘Maybe because of this.’
The serial number of the unlimited credit card was registered next to the golden ring guild mark.
God of Destruction 707 said.
“I’m looking to buy parts and some equipment. There are a lot of items. Are they ready quickly?”
“I will do my best to run.”
“First of all, 3 sets of 100 guns, 1 integrated marron, 14 boxes of armor-piercing shells for 100 guns, 1 auxiliary charging device. Please give me this.”
When the branch manager’s eyes lit up, all the guides at the store scattered in all directions.
Users were bewildered.
“You buy a set of 100 cabinets at a store? It would be three times cheaper to buy from the user.”
“Look at Mark. It’s a golden ring.”
“Oh, yes. So, did you wash the code name?”
“No, it must be a new member. Because there is no reason for the ring of gold to wash the code name. Those guys must be the ones Aegis took from Freedom Square earlier.”
Before the conversation was over, the branch manager piled the ordered items in front of him one by one.
“Here it is. The calculation… … God of Destruction 707 said.
“I will.”
As soon as the words were finished, the credit card flashed and the payment completion sign appeared.
‘The balance is also not displayed. It’s really great.’
Literally a blank check.
I realized the scale of the ring of gold all over again, but the pressure of time increased accordingly.
‘Level 100 in 2 days. driving me crazy.’
The Destroyer Demon God 707 came to his senses and urged.
“First of all, Yahweh 2 and I, Death Princess is a set of 100 cards, and the strongest code name is Maron All-in-one.”
When I touched the box, the ‘replace immediately’ sign appeared.
“Just approve. It takes time to resell existing parts to shops. It cannot be replaced immediately.”
This was to prevent errors due to mistakes in judgment.
After a while, the bodies of Sirone and the others changed, and the Marron package parts fell in abundance.
“let’s go. let’s go. I don’t have time.”
As I left the store without even looking at the fallen parts, the manager bowed.
“Please come back anytime.” Users alternately looked at the broken parts and the exit with a bewildered expression.
“… … What are you so busy with?”
Mago’s base.
It was a place where the average creature level was 20, and it was a place where hunting was difficult at the level of Sirone and the others.
“Listen. The reason I chose the hundred jang set is that although it is the most expensive, the basic firearm is shotgun.”
thump thump!
The bodies of the three were as heavy as heavy infantry armor, and their upper arms were inflated like balloons.
“Open firearms.”
As the forearms opened, the muzzle came out, and Sirone aimed at the front in that state.
The automatic aim calculated the hit rate according to the range.
“huh. The program changes automatically. The range is much wider, but the range is shorter.”
“Its power is also slightly inferior to that of a bolt gun. Of course, it was calculated with a single bullet.”
The strongest code name said.
“That’s why they use armor-piercing bullets.”
His aircraft, which chose the integrated Marron type, was more like an armored vehicle for transport than a person.
“Some types of live ammunition are expensive, but among them, armor-piercing ammunition is a high-end item. Even if there is no penetration test, it will pierce quite a few armors. So I usually buy a 20-round magazine and use it only in case of emergency. But we have fourteen boxes, or 1,680 rounds.”
Death Princess said.
“If we lure a creature, Yahweh 2 will catch it. The strongest code name is to keep supplying ammunition. Then the round trip time can be reduced. The problem is power… …
God of Destruction 707 said.
“Auxiliary charging devices are just a stopgap. It only charges up to 10 percent. In other words, it uses up all the power here and uses it to go back. 100% in mid gear
I have no choice but to do it.”
Solar warfare was an important reason.
“good. I understand.”
When we arrived at the center of Margo’s stronghold, the forest disappeared and a huge clearing appeared.
Numerous users were shooting mechanical gorillas coming from all sides.
Sirone immediately realized.
‘It’s a strong creature.’
At least in high gear it was.
Except for the fact that there was no ranged attack, the speed and durability of the armor matched those of the users.
“Let us begin.”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 moved with a stomp and raised its arm towards the outskirts of the forest.
‘Spraying iron-piercing bullets with shotguns. Awarded, but… …
It was a reality now.
“Kang! kang! Kwang!”
As if turning a tape recorder over and over again, the Magos screamed and charged.
The moment when AI calculates the radius of the shot and Mago’s body is captured by a large aim.
“launch.”
kwaaaang
A roar erupted and the machine-made gorilla’s body tore like paper.
“done! Operation Success!” Twenty users gathered in the empty lot stared at the Destruction Demon 707, which brought joy.
“what? Did you catch it in one room?”
The strongest codename said as he put down the box of armor-piercing shells.
“Then I will go back to Attogram. I will reach the target level once in the future.”
Maron’s integral form quickly moved away, and Sirone and Princess Death, who watched the demonstration, joined the battle.
bang bang! bang! bang!
No matter where it came from, the shot was unavoidable, and it was undoubtedly an instant death.
‘fast. The level has already risen.’
Every time I caught a level 20 Mago, I could see the experience gauge going up.
Originally, Mago’s base was a hunting ground where users enjoyed the tension of a siege… … .
“Kwaaaang!”
Currently, the Margos have dried up, and most of the users are watching in awe.
“15 levels.”
The speed of growth was thrilling, but Sirone’s expression was serious as he finished the calculations quickly.
‘Is this going to happen? If the required experience goes up, 2 days is really tight.’
It should be more efficient than this.
At that time, a user who had just entered this place shouted at Sirone.
“hey! Let’s go hunting too! What if you catch fifty when others catch one!”
A nearby user approached and stopped.
“Stop it, you idiot. They are gold coins. If you mess with it, we’ll all be killed.”
“huh?”
After checking the mark next to Yahweh 2, he blinked for a moment and pretended to be strong.
“Sheesh, is it all about gold coins? tell me to kill you I just need to wash the code name.”
“That is your case. If it takes us… …
Sirone said.
“Sorry. because of circumstances I’ll go hunting for a bit.”
An engine sound was heard in the distance, and Choi Kang-ko put down an armor-piercing shell box on the floor.
“Is the time okay? Fourteen boxes.”
“It was close.”
After reloading the armor-piercing bullets, Sirone and the others hunted the Margos again.
“Level 20.”
The hunt is over.
“Let’s go back. How much power do you have left?”
“Two percent left.”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 opened the armor on his chest and said while attaching an auxiliary charger.
“In addition, 12 per cent is enough for the attogram. I deliberately calculated and chose this place. Fully charged in mid gear, you should be able to run 10km.”
Equipped with auxiliary batteries, Sirone and the others immediately left Margo’s base.
“????? went.”
Only a box of armor-piercing shells worth 1 million galaxies left behind by Sirone and the others remained.
On the way back to the Attogram, Princess Death said.
“Suddenly buy a selective option. Since the turbo is activated at level 20, the hunting speed will be faster.”
Sirone bought a telecom and a turbo from an electronics store.
God of Destruction 707 said.
“Selective options have many functions linked to parts. In other words, even if communication is opened, it cannot be used if there is no communication equipment in the parts. The same goes for the turbo.”
“huh. But can I use both now?”
“of course. Its name is a set of 100 pieces, but that’s the basics. But we’ll have to consider that later.”
The strongest code name said.
“You guys go to turbo. I’ll level up while Yahweh 2 charges in mid gear. The Death Princess serves as the carrier.”
After activating the turbo, Sirone felt the doubled output and jumped out like a bullet.
“Whoa!”
I could see the loss of power, but I seemed to be able to hold on until the attogram.
Upon arriving in the city, the Demon God of Destruction 707 found a mid-gear charging station and applied for rapid speed.
Death Princess spoke through the communication.
“When you enter mid gear, outside information is blocked. In a word, reset. Normally, we disconnect while charging, but we don’t have time, so let’s leave right away.”
“What do you mean come right out?”
“It is literally. A quick charge takes 20 minutes in a high-gear world, and you can skip that process. In other words, 20 minutes have passed since I went in and came out.” Sirone blinked his eyes.
‘Is time passing fast? Maybe this world… …
Communication was cut off and when Sirone entered the capsule, a wire came down and connected to the aircraft.
-Do you want to skip the charging process?
When I chose to agree, my eyes went black, and power surged as if I had become electricity.
– High gear charging is over.
“huh?”
The capsule opened without a moment to organize my thoughts.
Death Princess was waiting.
“did you sleep well?”
It felt like less than a second, so Sirone looked around.
“Twenty minutes passed?”
“huh. in high gear hours. let’s go. Now I have to upgrade my parts again.”
God of Destruction 707 laughed.
“Hehehe, this is a real luxury at our level. No, should I say luxury?”
The place I arrived at was the most luxurious building in the shopping district.
Sirone confirmed each other.
‘Metal Genome.’
When I looked through the window, I could see that users with high levels were shopping.
“It’s a company with technology that covers up to level 300. It’s on par with Hwayoungsa, because the minimum parts specification there is over level 40. Anyway, the highlight is the Kite Grim Reaper series. Covers from level 20 to level 60. Of course, if you fill up the level 60 bell, it won’t be the best in its class, but it’s a spec that you won’t lose anywhere.”
“In short, you mean that the parts you wear at level 20 will work at level 60, right? That’s great. Maronsa’s bolt gun was out of balance even with a 10 level difference.”
“So it’s luxury. expensive instead. No, it’s not just expensive, it’s too expensive.”
As I entered, shaking my head, the branch manager ran quickly again.
“Welcome to the Metal Genome!”
Five minutes after that, Sirone and the others replaced their body parts with Grim Reaper series.
The design concept was a black bee in the tropics, and the slender body, thin waist, and functional legs were harmonious.
“this… … Really good.”
The level of output, durability was 7,000, and the firearm was also a beam series of energy bullets.
“haha! You know why it’s a luxury item? Until level 60, this is a death god. I can’t touch anyone.”
Death Princess packed her equipment in her bag.
“Even with the same energy bullets, the beam series consumes quickly. I’ll keep replenishing it. Now let’s go to the hunting grounds.”
At that time, a communication came from 707, the God of Destruction.
“Ask for assistance. Hostilities erupt in area Destroy-02. 5 minutes before the opening, it’s the group.”
“okay. wait.”
Destroy-02 was a large hunting ground, and the average creature level was 47.
‘These bastards were hunting for a party.’ After calculating the efficiency of the hunting ground, he turned to Sirone with a smile.
“Shall we do a performance test?”

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1072.txt
=============YYYYY=============
only chance (3)
Destroy-02.
Various creatures from level 20 to 80 inhabit the jungle of the city where only the steel frame of the building remains.
Therefore, Destroy-02 was not only a fast level up, but also a scene where East and West collided.
“ha ha ha! stupid! why? Do you see me again like back then?”
From 1 minute to 5 minutes before the release, 5 Seoguk users were surrounded by the strongest code name equipped with a set of hundred papers.
“damn! These children… … !”
The strongest code name tried to straighten his upper body, but his left leg was blown off by fire 3 minutes before the opening.
“Keugh!”
Instead of annihilating the strongest code name, the gangsters were enjoying themselves while taking their time.
There was no need to notice because ‘hostile acts’ were naturally established between East and West.
‘I’m also covetous of the 100-piece set.’
Rumor has it that the more parts you destroy, the more loot you get when you die.
It’s kind of superstitious, but there was nothing wrong with the strongest code name.
“It is only now that I am arrogant. Every time my friends arrived, you guys burst into laughter 5 minutes ago.
“Puhahaha! Do you think you can beat us if only 10 level 10s come in groups? Isn’t it?”
A minute before the opening, I was lost in thought.
At level 70, the user was equipped with the Amara integrated type, which was said to be the most efficient.
It had a round body like an egg and stubby arms, but the firepower of its machine gun, which fired seven rounds per second, was outstanding.
‘There seems to be a corner to believe in something. Are you carrying a large guild behind you?’
The only thing Seoguk users could confirm with Dongguk users was the code name.
If you become a ranker, you can find out more details through the leaderboard, but it was a long way from them.
“You are bluffing. Smash it down.” Anyway, in Destroy-02, no one surpassed the Amara unit.
3 minutes before the opening, he said.
“Don’t do that, let’s break the limbs first. Leaving only her face and torso.” “haha! Is that good?”
5 minutes before the opening, where the anger from Yahweh 2 did not go away, he aimed the bolt gun.
“I’ll make you crawl like a worm.” Just as the muzzle was about to fire, the voice of Yahweh 2 was heard from across the city.
“stop!”
Five minutes before the opening, he turned his head.
“haha! You finally appeared! Where is the warrior of justice… …
Silence passed.
The code name is clearly visible, but their aircraft are suspicious of artificial intelligence.
“… … what? I came with strange parts.”
A form that exudes the aura of a predator among insects.
“Could that be it?”
Its outstretched limbs were slender, but it was the pinnacle of mechanical engineering, capable of handling tons of weight like feathers.
“It’s the Grim Reaper.”
It was a product of Metal Genome, which was recognized as a luxury product by intermediate users with over 200 levels.
“Isn’t it fake? How could they all be equipped with Grim Reapers?”
If it is 7 times more expensive than the Amara integrated type, it can be said that the cost performance is the worst.
‘If you equip that at level 20… … Literally become a reaper.
“Crazy guys. Buy a metal crab to catch us? What are you going to wear starting at level 70?”
“for a moment. wait.”
It was then that a minute before the opening came to the news in the free bulletin board of Attogram.
Title: Aegis, the king of electronic warfare, appears in Atogram!
After entering through the link, there were more than 200 recorded videos taken by users.
Details were attached below the photo of Aegis bowing to Yahweh2.
-So, this reporter came to trace the actions of the Yahweh 2 party. As a result… … .
-Parts shop. Who is the branch manager? Sweep things up.
– Presumed to be a VIP.
He spits out the contents of the article in a distorted voice one minute before the opening.
“Those are gold coins.”
“What?”
The gangsters looked back at Yahweh 2.
“Check the Attogram board. I am not Lee now.”
Their pupils moved quickly.
“Yeah, that’s right.”
It was the strongest guild in the east country that could stand against the ascension guild in the west country.
“… … It’s like a dog, really.”
A minute before the opening, the decision was made.
“Fold. It’s not good to touch the golden ring. Fighting will only embarrass us.”
Of course, but 5 minutes before the opening, the yard was already piled up like a mountain.
“It’s not over yet.”
He aimed at the back of the head with the strongest codename and shouted.
“You children! Give me my bolt thing! If you vomit gently, I’ll release this guy!”
God of Destruction 707 snorted.
“You are talking nonsense! Do you think that would be intimidating? If you want to kill me, kill me!”
It was an issue that had already been communicated.
“shit! I’m going crazy! How not? Even if I have to wash the code name, those guys… …
Then Sirone shouted.
“Free my friend! If I send you safely this way, I will forget everything that happened.”
“huh?”
The gangsters were more embarrassed than the demons of destruction 707 and the others.
‘What bullshit?’
If you die, start over again.
Of course, there is a chance of losing parts when you die, and a set of 100 pieces is quite expensive, but… … .
‘They’re gold coins.’
Would those guys dressed up in Metal Genome’s Grim Reapers leave the Hundred Papers set?
God of Destruction 707 looked back at Sirone.
“Hey, what are you doing? The strongest code name is just to die. Then those guys will go crazy.”
“Yes, I guess. but… …
Sirone looked at the strongest codename lying with his left leg broken.
“Just because they are unhappy doesn’t make me happy.” “I don’t want to see the strongest code name die. Of course, you can start over and there will come a day when you need to use it systematically, but anyway, it’s a bad feeling, to die.”
Even in a virtual world.
“I don’t like to give up when I have room to live. It’s best if no one dies and wins. Whatever their feelings, I don’t think it matters to us.”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 blankly opened his mouth.
‘He’s a really strange guy.’
However, if there was a way not to kill the strongest code name, it couldn’t be better.
“Then what are you going to do?”
“Leave it to me.”
Something I realized in mid gear.
If this simulation is also an electricity world with time relativity, ‘I can do it.’
While Sirone raised his concentration to the limit, he muttered two minutes ago.
“Why are they like that? You don’t seem to want to fight?”
“Cheuk, now I know.”
Five minutes before the opening, the corner of his mouth tore.
“The honor of the golden ring. What would happen if a guild member was destroyed by guys like us who had nothing to lose? If I record it and post it on the bulletin board, there will probably be a fuss.”
“uh? Is that so? They’ll be mocked a lot in the west country. We are going to be heroes.”
“That’s right. If you have to, you can just wash the code name. This fight, we win.”
5 minutes before the opening, he shouted.
“hey! Give me my bolt thing! Or bring a million galaxies! Then let this guy go!”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 shouted.
“You fool! Why are we giving you 1 million galaxies?”
“okay? Then this guy breaks all his limbs? Can he record it and play it?”
“Kuh! Come to think of it… …
Political issues remained.
“Now.”
When Sirone, who was watching the front, took a step, the gangsters shouted.
He stopped walking again, but Sirone’s senses were already penetrating the depths of the world.
‘The heart is the world.’
Park Ji’s senses crossing over the other side began to extract signals contained in the landscape.
‘I feel it.’
Even in the blank spaces, a feast of all kinds of information coded with electrical signals flowed like a torrent.
Sirone jumped between chords.
“Choeni bardo.”
It was a kind of memory jump, and in reality, it was like traveling through a wormhole.
“huh?”
When Yahweh 2 suddenly disappeared, Dog Pan 5 Minutes manipulated artificial intelligence here and there.
“Back behind!”
When he turned around at his colleague’s frightened scream, Yahweh 2 was embracing the strongest code name before he knew it.
“you… … you… …
Chunk! Chunk!
Sirone’s right humerus opened, and an output device resembling a bird’s claw protruded.
‘Energy beam.’
When the thick beam hit the stomach, the armor’s durability dropped to 500, 400, and 300.
The gloves will burn in 2 seconds.
“Aaaaaaa!”
5 minutes ago, when he twisted his body and collapsed, his colleagues opened fire with their guns.
“Kill!”
A gunshot went off, and Men Sirone, who heard the strongest code name, kicked the ground away.
“damn! What is so fast?”
As if a humpback bee was flying, only black afterimages were visible, and sparks splashed on the poor ground.
Sirone’s friends joined the battle.
“good! It’s a start!”
2 minutes and 3 minutes before the opening were burned by the energy beam.
“Aww! it’s annoying!”
Although there is a limit on the output according to the level, the durability was still the metal genome.
“Puhahaha! This really kills me!”
Durability 5,687/7,000.
No matter how hit, there was no sign of the armor breaking, and in the meantime, the 4th minute of the game collapsed.
“These bastards!”
The amara unit aimed at the front and fired bullets like a shower with the roar of its motor.
Drooling!
As the Demon God of Destruction 707 rolls on the floor, flames cover the gloves and durability increases.
fell to 4,544.
– Hey, are you okay?
Death Princess communicated.
-uh. It’s a part that works even at level 60, so it’s durable enough. You don’t have to be openly right.
“Come on! I mean dump! Bastards!”
Debris bounced in the frenzy of madness, and Yahweh 2 jumped out of the blurred vision.
“I’ll take care of it!”
Yahweh 2 was captured even a minute before the opening.
“That guy… …
Even artificial intelligence couldn’t catch the appearance of it approaching as if jumping through space.
‘You’re using strange options.’
Like a black bee hunting, Sirone quickly circled around the Amara integral.
‘Jump through space. But it’s not like you can freely set the location.’
It moves along the code.
“It’s here!”
Gaepan 1 minute ago, which identified the movement route, turned 60 degrees and fired a predictive shot.
‘I got it!’
Yahweh 2 was approaching, dodging between the bullets.
“What is it? Seed… … !”
Moving swiftly in the slowed-down time, Sirone activated a selective option.
‘Turbo.’
Receiving the doubled output, he rushed forward and raised his left hand.
‘If you defeat it, you win.’
A flat output device popped out and turned on a knife-like energy cutter.
A minute before the opening, terrified, let out a scream.
“Aaaaaaa!”
Sparks flew on Grim Reaper’s gloves and their durability began to decrease rapidly.
‘6,871, 6,123, 5,231… …
Sirone’s artificial intelligence, which deflected the danmaku with no blind spots, approved the penetration test.
‘Now!’
The energy cutter pierced Amara’s one-piece armor, but the Grim Reaper’s left arm was also shattered.
When it crashed into a land projectile with a bang, the aircraft weighing more than one ton leaned backwards.
“uh? uh huh?”
Because it is specialized in attack, it has a low center of gravity, but once it collapses, it is difficult to get up.
Whoops!
At the place where the ground shook and the gunfire stopped, the half-destroyed Gaepan gang made an absurd expression.
“ha. ha.”
Yahweh 2, whose left arm was ripped off, stepped on the stomach a minute before the opening and was aiming at the gun.
“Surrender.”
The Amara unit struggled for a while, then dropped its output as if it had given up.
Woo woo woo.
The passionate noise died down, and voices were heard.
“… … surrender.”
“I apologize for attacking Princess Death. And don’t disturb us again.”
“I have no intention of touching it anyway. Guys, if you have something to apologize for, do it. We lost.”
“Sheesh.”
Five minutes before the opening, he turned his head.
“sorry. okay?”
His body was damaged in the battle, and only the face and half of the upper body remained.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1073.txt
=============YYYYY=============
only chance (4)
Seoguk Guild Ranking #1, Ascension.
At the top of the 23-story building, 7 guild members were preparing for a raid.
All of them were rankers.
“Has everyone gathered?”
The door, thick like a hangar, opened, and an operator walked down the vast runway.
Yagwi said.
“A total of 8 people. It’s the first time I’ve caught an Arachne with this configuration, but I’ll have to turn it hard. It will soon be the solar war.”
He chose a blocky shape and had a cape wrapped around a flat, diamond-shaped face like a shield.
“okay.”
Every time the operator walked like a cat, the sword on his back moved left and right.
‘Yahweh 2.’
It was she who confirmed the hit news of the entire bulletin board.
‘Never lose!’
The moment he clenched his fists, the high gear cycle soared rapidly and the aircraft vibrated.
-All-in-one maneuvering posture.
High gear, level 487.
As the tremendous power was delivered, her body was projected forward like a cannon.
Leaping at speeds exceeding Mach, she passed through the city and landed in the wasteland.
The sprint started again, and the users of Seoguk, surprised by the sound speed explosion, turned their heads.
“what? What kind of aircraft is that fast?”
“You idiot, it’s the Ascension Guild. Operator, Little Witch, Wild Ghost, Tae Daecheon… … I’m a second ranker.”
The operator’s artificial intelligence saw a blue sea.
-Transition to ultra-fast maneuvers.
A rocket engine protruded from the deep hollow of her back, releasing tremendous pressure.
Four minutes later, the raid point, Skull Island, was captured by the guild members.
‘Trap section.’
The island’s control tower lights up, and a giant red laser net rushes in.
Trap level – 467 levels.
It could be evaded by artificial intelligence, but she blocked the function and surrendered to her senses.
Keeing! Keeing! Keeing!
As the laser net barely passed the operator, the guild members blew a whistle.
“Anyway, your combat sense is the best.” It was only after the trap section was over that the little witch sped up and caught up with her operator.
“what’s the matter? While usually believing in the system. If we leave it to artificial intelligence, it will save power.”
“… … I hate the feeling of being numb.”
“Hmm.”
I answered, but not the right answer.
“Yahweh.”
The operator opened his mouth again.
“What kind of person are you? I mean in real life.”
“Amazing. Put the words in your mouth that you are real. so annoying You will win anyway.”
“The video has been posted on the bulletin board. That guy bypassed the space by riding the designer’s code. Is that possible?”
The little witch seemed to be smiling.
“I don’t know. Because I’m just one user. All I can tell you is that in real life you can do it easier than that. He is the greatest wizard in human history.” The operator ran the video again. ‘I defeated an enemy with a difference of more than 50 levels. Of course, the Grim Reaper was equipped… …
It must have been pierced because it had similar durability.
‘In other words, it was a situation that could never be won with energy beams. Aside from special ability, he is a human with overwhelming combat experience.’ the operator spat out.
“Alright, this is my world.”
At that moment, the island shook greatly, and a super-large machine appeared through the forest.
“Gaaaaa!”
Boss Creature Arachne.
When a 588-level super-sized weapon appeared, artificial intelligence transmitted creature information.
?Durability: 78,000,000/78,000,000.
Hundreds of thousands of tons of gas resembling a spider opened 8,000 gun doors and greeted her.
– Standby for power. I’ll signal you.
As she flew alone, she saw 20,000 bullets that painted the landscape black.
– Barrage level, level 499.
It was a level that could not be left to artificial intelligence.
‘I won’t lose.’
When she arrived at the island after escaping the barrage with aerobatics, small creatures attacked.
Although it was small in size, the speed at the average level of 500 could not be ignored.
“Huh!”
The operator twisted his body.
As if torturing inertia, the aircraft seemed to scream every time it turned.
‘More, closer!’
At the moment of sudden stop, a warning message appeared as a load of 27 tons was applied to the right knee alone.
-Detection of aircraft durability instability.
The operator, who had been sliding while digging, turned and dispersed the force right before the limit.
The little witch smiled bitterly.
‘A monster is a monster.’
With extreme combat nerve, he was an operator who analyzed all the attack patterns of creatures.
‘Sirone feels, but the operator calculates.’
who’s up
Sliding backwards, the operator gripped the ground with his left hand and applied the brakes.
Sparks flashed on his fingers.
Arachne slowed down in close proximity, and she grabbed the handle of the black scepter on her back.
‘Physical attack here.’
As Arachne raised her leg, a huge shadow fell around her.
-Collapse (Magnetic Force).
As a selective option at level 480, it could only be activated with a black field until now.
‘This timing is the only chance.’ The blade pierced the ground, and the black magnetic field swelled up in the form of a giant sphere.
“Kuaaaaa!”
Caught in the magnetic field, Arachne struggled, twisting hundreds of thousands of joints.
Kurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
And finally, the four legs were forcibly bent and the giant body fell to the ground.
Seven guild members launched an attack at the same time.
“Let’s make it hot!”
Flashes like the sun burst over the island, and the sea rushed like a rampart.
that evening.
Attogram has been flooded with users from all over the continent.
Their only concern was whether the Yahweh 2 party would replace the Grim Reaper.
There were also reporters in front of the Amara Shop, which was expected to be chosen at level 70.
“This is Dongguk’s user, Ruby Ruby. You may have already seen many videos, but the question of whether Yahweh 2 and the others reached level 70 is of great interest. I will cover them as a private reporter.”
The voices of users who spoke the same sound were mixed together, making it louder than the market.
A man silenced them.
“Hey, there he comes!” Equipped with Grim Reapers, Yahweh 2 and the others were entering the shopping district at a rapid pace.
Death Princess whined.
“Oh, it is hard. tired.”
“not there yet. They said that you have to hit level 80 by dawn to be able to meet the promised time.”
Then reporters gathered.
“hello! It’s Ruby Ruby! What is your current level? And why are you doing this? Is this the secret project of the Golden Ring?”
“Move! I mean busy!”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 pushed Ruby Ruby past, but the reporters bit their tail and followed.
“Just say one word! Are you for the record?”
The store I entered after ignoring the flood of questions was Suicide, not Amara.
Princess Death asked.
“Why don’t you switch to Amara?”
“When it comes to catching level 70 creatures at level 70, Amara is the best. But now I’m going to increase the difficulty. I’m going to the level 100 hunting ground, so speed is my life. More than anything… …
God of Destruction 707 turned his head.
“Yahweh 2 has a different ability from us. If you follow the output, you will quickly catch a level 100 creature.”
“aha.”
When we ordered from the branch manager, the goods were quickly moved and the party immediately replaced the parts.
Grim Reaper parts rolled around them with a clear sound.
A moment of silence came.
‘Are you going to throw that away too? Will you throw it away?’
It was on a different level from the 100-piece set, and even intermediate users coveted it.
As a company that focuses on the sense of speed, Suicide Side’s parts are sharp and cold.
It was also specialized in cold weapons, so its performance depended on the user’s ability.
‘ what a waste.’
That’s why 707, the God of Destruction, has no regrets.
“Hey, shall we take the Grim Reaper? it’s a real luxury If you leave it here… …
Users will flock like bees.
“Let’s just go. You have to go to the storage company again. I have a credit card anyway, so I can buy it again later.”
“It is, but… …
The problem was the eyes of users waiting for Yahweh 2 to leave.
“okay! Let’s go, go!”
As soon as Sirone and the others made their decision and left the door, the inside of the store became noisy.
“Sheesh! Very excited.”
Sirone consoled Destruction Demon God 707.
“I miss you too. But you can’t solve problems without giving up anything. Everything has risks, so let’s stick to our purpose.”
“red! It’s easy to say. If you look at it, you must say something like Bart. They really look alike.”
“Bart?”
“My personal magic teacher. He doesn’t teach you anything, but he just says boring things every day.”
Death Princess was interested.
“uh? Do you learn magic?”
“Learning sucks. I couldn’t get a sense of the spirit zone or anything.”
“haha! so do i. My dad told me to do it, so I did it, but when I concentrated, I just fell asleep.”
Sirone put on a puzzled expression.
‘I thought it wouldn’t be a normal kid since it’s about to get into the undercoder, but Bart is a private tutor.’
If it was Brian Bart, he was a first-class magician.
“Well, it can’t be helped that this happened. Let’s level up quickly. Suicide’s main weapon is a cold weapon. You have to stab the gap in the glove, and the durability is weak, so be careful.”
“Hmm, that’s right.”
Upon entering the level 100 hunting ground, unlike before, medium-sized creatures were seen.
Key eh eh!
Watching the enemies rushing in on a quadrupedal gait, Sirone raised one corner of her mouth.
‘see.’
Between the vicious creatures, Sirone’s body flowed like water and slashed the enemies.
The promised 2 days have passed.
“Huh! Huh!”
When I arrived at the Attogram and caught my breath, the users greeted me with applause.
“100 levels in 48 hours! This is a record!”
The Demon God of Destruction 707 hit the ground.
“I did it. You really did it.”
At that time when even the person himself was thrilled with the unbelievable performance, Aegis approached.
“Congratulations. I was waiting for you.”
“Aegis! Take it! Take it!”
The reporters gathered in droves, but the moment they got closer, each one frowned.
“Keugh!”
Due to jamming, it was one of the few selective options implemented in the city.
“sorry. I will use the right of veto for filming that has not been approved by the operator.”
After a polite announcement, Aegis bowed her head to Sirone.
“Let’s go.”
Arriving in the slums of the north, she entered a much rundown bar.
Iljin of the golden ring was sitting, and the bar tender opened the door to the deep passage.
Sirone asked in an unusual atmosphere.
“Is this a serious start?”
“That’s right. Details will be explained by the boss. Oh and… … We have one more guest.”
“customer?”
“Come in.”
When I opened the iron door at the end of the aisle, Yoga’s son, who was sitting on the bed, raised his hand.
“congratulations. 100 levels in 2 days. Exactly.”
Since they weren’t meant to be hand in hand, Syrone raised her eyebrows and entered the room.
“huh?”
There was an unknown user at the tea table.
‘Is this the guest?’
Her short legs were floating on the chair, and her hands were supporting the weight between her legs.
It was a face I couldn’t read.
“hi? long time no see.”
“me… … do you know?”
Sirone checked it with the search function, but the information was limited as if it was a user of Seoguk.
It was the user code name, Little Witch.
continues in the next volume

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1074.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Raid Control(1)
West Country’s ranker, Little Witch.
Sirone also knew this because he constantly checked rankers while leveling up.
‘To know me… …
It means that we met in some way in real life.
The little witch turned her eerie eyes and looked at her friends behind you with Shiro.
‘What, what?’
The demon of destruction 707 and the others were familiar with the little witch, but the moment they met their eyes, they got goosebumps.
‘It’s just a machine, but it feels strange.’ Shirone felt the strange aura emanating from her little witch.
‘ i get it.’
It was Mitochondrial Eve.
Because it was Shiro who reached Bakji in High Gear, he could read the spirit contained in matter.
‘Also, that is… …
It was said that Urin also understood the real world based on this world.
“everyone… … Please stay out for a while.” 707, God of Destruction, gave a puzzled expression, but Sirone did not take her eyes off the little witch.
“Fermi, you too.”
When Olga’s son shrugged and left the room, Destroyer Demon 707 followed without a sound.
The door closed, and Sirone asked.
“you… …
The little witch put her hand to her lips.
“There is no need to talk about reality. Because all of our actions and conversations become logs.”
Designers can technically see everything that happens in high gear.
‘The only thing that can’t be confirmed is Ma’
Because the quantum world is impossible to observe.
“good. why are you here Are you from the Ascension Guild? This is a hideout in Dongguk.”
“I asked for it. I want to meet you. Are you thinking of defeating the operator?”
The little witch laughed dryly.
“haha. That girl, does she really care about you? But it will be difficult. Even though she looks like an adolescent girl, she is definitely the strongest in High Gear.”
“So, what do you want to say?”
“Can I help you?”
Sirone finds madness in the little witch.
read.
“Are you going to betray the operator?”
“What kind of embarrassing words. Although I may use people, I will not betray them.”
While thinking about the difference between the two, Sirone realized that there was no need for that and shook her head.
‘The Empress of Kashan, Uorin.’
The moment she defines it as something, she will dig into that gap and rule her mind.
“Then how are you going to help? No matter how hard you are, you won’t be able to defeat the operator here.”
“Whoops, you’re still naive.” so that’s what i like.
“You should know who I am. The operator probably guessed it too. Just like you have a special sense, I have a secret weapon.”
“A secret weapon?”
The little witch pointed at Sirone in the shape of a gun.
“Real Murder.” “Can you tell me who the operator is? I bet you’ll never find it. Even if you’re a dreamer, you can’t track down to the Undercoder’s floor. But I can.”
History search.
“Even now, if you tell me, I will help you. Why don’t you drag the operator and dig up the apocalypse?”
‘Fermi son of a bitch… …
I don’t know how far the information was exchanged, but it was obvious that the negotiations were mutually satisfactory.
He had no complaints because he was in the same relationship anyway, but he felt uncomfortable about the other person being Urin.
“What negotiations did you have?”
The little witch blinked for a while before opening her mouth.
“I don’t really know much. Apocal
Lips’ situation, and in return I
n……w
“Not that.”
Sirone stopped talking.
“What negotiations did you have with Havitz?” Silence passed.
“You lost sight of Kashan. They probably met, and there must have been some sort of deal. Because otherwise it would be very strange for you to be alive.”
“I don’t think the situation outside is something to talk about here. There’s something you don’t want to reveal either.”
“Of course it is. But from the moment I bring up the word real-life murder, that doesn’t matter. I need to hear what happened with Harvits. It must be something related to the temple. yes?”
“You can ask.”
The little witch’s voice was sad.
“Come in person… … You can come to Kashan and ask me. don’t you think i won’t tell you why? Now that you know what Mitochondrial Eve is, you don’t want to see my face anymore’?”
‘Why?’
Yahweh is not intolerant, but it was true that his heart didn’t move after learning everything through Omega.
said the little witch.
“To be clear, I didn’t screw it up. I did my best. Don’t blame everything on me.”
The little witch still had no expression, but Sirone looked as if she was crying.
She laid the cards on the table.
“It’s a pass for the west country raid hunting ground. Yolgah’s son said you would need it.”
It was such a deal.
“And again, I am not talking to you here. If you want to hear it, come to Kashan. That is the only condition.”
When the little witch left the door, Sirone checked the card she had left behind.
‘Seoguk Free Pass.’
After a while Yoga’s son came in.
“Is the talk over?”
Since there was no need to report to Fermi, Sirone did not convey anything.
Fermi shrugged and approached.
“Well, okay. I got it anyway If you have it, you can get 2 of the 4 legendary items. Of course, you have to get very lucky or use a shortcut.”
“What is this?”
“It is literally a right of passage. Many of the hunting grounds in High Gear are monopolized by certain guilds. Then we issue passes and sell them to other users in each country. In particular, the free pass allows access to all hunting grounds occupied by Seoguk.”
Sirone got a Seoguk free pass.
“But friction with users is unavoidable, right? I’m from Dongguk You mean having a party with them?”
“I can’t help it. There are three things you must have to beat the operator. Skills, Levels, Equipment. First of all, putting aside your skills, your level will be possible if our guild helps. But there is still a 183 level difference. In particular, from level 300 and above, the difference by one level is large.”
“You must fill the gap with equipment.”
“okay. There are four essential pieces of equipment to deal with Operators. Michelan the energy gun, Raphael the steel glove, Da Vinci the metal wing, and Donatello the liquid eye. These are called the four legendary items, but the difference will be reduced to some extent when equipped.”
Sirone understood.
“What should I look for in the west country?”
“Michelan and Donatello. Seoguk probably hates it, but that’s why I have to go now. ‘Mythic’ grade raids adjust the difficulty according to the user’s average level. Of course, no matter how it is adjusted, it is difficult at worst.”
“What about adjusting the difficulty?”
“Like mid-gear, they are going to a hunting ground that is disconnected from the outside world. Once you enter, the rest of the Ascension Guild cannot enter. I can’t take responsibility for anything that happens there.”
“okay.”
Sirone stood up from her seat.
“What are you going to do with 707, the God of Destruction?”
“It will be useful for the golden ring. First of all, you have to raise the level to Magnan before you can use it in the solar warfare, so we’ll take care of it. You find a legendary item.”
Time was running out, so Sirone immediately left the room and went to the bar.
God of Destruction 707 asked.
“Is the story over?”
Fortunately, it seemed that he wasn’t discouraged by the little witch’s cold eyes.
“huh. I think I should go to Seoguk.”
After summarizing the conversation with Fermi, God of Destruction 707 nodded.
“Hmm, that’s definitely an ingenious method. I think that’s the only way to rub against an operator.”
Death Princess said.
“Since it is so difficult, the probability of success is 50%. Besides, the probability of the legendary item appearing is extremely low, so you won’t be able to get it all at once. Still, I will pray for you to come out.”
I could guess what kind of structure it was.
“okay. then… …
Recalling the remaining time until the sun, Sirone followed Aegis outside.
“It would be the fastest to take the Attogram train. To be faster than the train, you have to go over level 200. I will guide you.”
When they arrived at the square, reporters flocked to them, but they couldn’t even get close to Aegis’ electronic attack.
When I bought a ticket and boarded the train, everyone was going into mid gear.
“aha.”
In this way, he would not feel the boredom of moving.
There were some users who used seats to enjoy the journey, but all of them were Seoguk.
“uh? Yahweh 2. Aren’t you on the wrong train?”
To avoid their suspicions, Sirone opened the door of Mid Gear and entered.
‘Energy charge.’
The wire was attached, and blue electricity passed through my field of view even though I closed my eyes.
– Charging is complete.
It was Seoguk.
The capital of Seoguk, Democracy.
It was the first city that users who left their hometown of Attogram and chose Seoguk came to.
Sirone, who can distinguish parts quite a bit now, saw that there are various level layers.
Most of them were in the west country, so I couldn’t check the guild mark, but I saw a few users from the east country.
‘There are more people than attograms.’ The rumor that 40 percent of Seoguk users were gathered seemed not to be an exaggeration.
The scenery was half buildings, half holograms, and numerous advertisements were scattered.
As Fermi had told us, when we arrived at the plaza, we saw people recruiting raid parties.
-Recruiting people who want to go to the Holy Land of Gamblers! Please apply at least level 280 or higher!
-Go to the Valley of Matan. 3 people ahead. Preference is given to those who have activated the Aegis option.
In reality, the streets were quiet, but wide-area communications reverberated in Sirone’s ears.
‘I’m dizzy.’
It was only after adjusting the frequency that static came, and ‘Ergos’ was entered as the filtering function.
-Wait for those who want to challenge Ergos. Low level welcome. Please communicate with the codename Mafia.
A few more voices were heard after that, but Sirone responded to the information that arrived first.
When I applied for communication, the man received it.
-yes. are you going to
-For now, that’s how it is. Because I’m the first Can we start by learning?
-Hmm, what level are you?
-100 levels. The parts are equipped with a Suicide Speed Machine. All selective options are open.
The mafia responded positively, as if their efforts not to show off as newbies worked.
– Let’s see. where is it?
-here… … It’s under the clock tower.
– We’ll go there.
After waiting about a minute, a group of people from the eastern side of the square walked through the crowd.
‘Codename Mafia.’
Other than that, I saw several code names, but I couldn’t confirm detailed information because it was in the Seoguk area.
“uh? Are you from Dongguk?”
Realizing the same fact, the mafia party stopped walking.
“Wait, that… … Is it Yahweh 2? Guys, haven’t you seen the bulletin board? There was an uproar yesterday.”
“I don’t know. hunted all day What?”
“That guy is called the Golden Coin Wheel.”
A man with the code name Dex Gamseong approached Sirone.
“Hey, didn’t you get on the train well? Why are you coming to Democracy? I have to go to Dongguk.”
“I came to know. They said that if you catch Ergos, you can get Michelan. Can’t we do it together?” Dex sensibility looked back at his friends and burst into laughter.
“Puhahaha! This guy is a real geek. Fool, how do Dongguk and Seoguk hunt together? There’s no hostilities check, so you think we won’t stab you in the back?”
“So you are asking. Let’s do it together.” With an absurd expression on his face, he banged his hair made of silver metal and said.
“Just go. What nonsense are you talking about? If I go with you, they won’t even issue a pass.”
“I have a pass.”
“huh?”
Sirone pulled out a card.
“Now, here.”
Information appeared on the artificial intelligence of Dex sensitivity that tilted the upper body and checked the card carefully.
– Seoguk Freepass. Ascendant Guild approved.
As if it had stopped working, he did not move for a long time.

=============ZZZZZ=============
=============XXXXX=============
IM-Chapter-1075.txt
=============YYYYY=============
Raid Control(2)
‘Seogu Free Pass?’
It was not unreasonable for Dex’s sensitivity to surprise him.
Only the Ascension Guild could freely use all the hunting grounds occupied by Seoguk.
“Where did you get this?”
“I picked it up. in the attogram. That’s why I got on the train to Seoguk. I’ll let you use this if you help me. Not a bad deal for you either.”
Sirone said according to the plan.
The reason the little witch handed over a physical item, not an electronic card, was also to hide her identity.
Dex Sensitivity looked at the card again.
‘If it’s in the form of an item, it’s not impossible to pick it up. But that’s Yahweh 2?’
Isn’t it too common for a coincidence?
‘There’s a darkness I don’t know about. Insider of the Ring of Coins and Ascension. Is it the ship god of Ascension? No, maybe if Yahweh 2 was Seoguk and infiltrated the Golden Ring… …
No matter how much I thought about it, I couldn’t come to a conclusion unless I knew the context.
‘Yeah, it’s none of my business. The problem is the Seoguk Free Pass. With this, you can level up in the most efficient hunting grounds. The items you get there are bonuses… …
After exchanging glances with the codename Mafia, Dex Gam turned to Sirone again.
“What are the conditions? If you pass this free pass to us, what should we do for you?”
“I want to get two items. Michelan and Donatello. If you find this, I’ll give you a free pass.”
The mafia, who was making an absurd expression, laughed.
“ha ha ha! what bullshit Michelan and Donatello? Do you know what the percentage chance of getting a legendary item is? Plus, it’s a mythic level of difficulty. It has nothing to do with level. automatically adjusted. It would be quicker to pay a large sum of money and live.”
According to Fermi, it is estimated that 12 of the 4 legendary items are unlocked in high gear.
‘It must be monopolized by a specific guild.’ If the Golden Ring has Raphael and Da Vinci, Ascension should have Michelan and Donatello.
Knowing the internal circumstances, they would never hand over items to Dongguk.
Dex sensitivity was added.
“I know what you are thinking. I’m trying to equip all 4 legendary items. But it’s a dream. A feat no one has ever done in high gear.”
“Let me hunt Ergos. Try it once, and if you find it impossible, you can give up.”
Sirone put his hopes on his senses.
‘As the sense of time became sensitive, the space opened. Even in real life, all of the poems were Bakji.’
Clearly, this place was different from reality.
However, it was ironic that a new world could be opened through the senses.
‘perhaps… …
I wonder if the real world is a simulation when viewed from a farther distance.
Deciding to focus on the immediate goal, Shirone stopped thinking and made realistic calculations.
‘The combination of Sipok and Bakji opened the mouth. In high gear, it’s about the level of a programmer’s authority.’
You might be able to control the raid.
“Let me do it. Because it will never do you any harm. The lower the level, the better, right?” Mythical level hunting grounds were not just strong because the difficulty was adjusted according to the average level.
“… … Let me talk to you for a moment.”
Mafia and Dex sensibility went back to their colleagues and held a meeting for about 10 minutes.
A feeling of Dex approached Sirone.
“Okay, let’s do it. But if we don’t see hope in the first round, we’ll quit. Because I don’t want to waste time.”
“that’s enough.”
The party of 8, including Yahweh 2, left De Mokracy and headed for the hunting ground.
the mafia asked
“What level did you say?”
“Level 100.”
“Then I opened 10 selective options. What options are you equipped with now?”
“Exo Barrier. Hawk Eye. booster.”
Exo Barrier creates a shield for 1 second, but consumes a lot of power.
Hawkeye provided wide-field vision with increased speed, and boosters were rocket engines.
“Hmm. 70 level, 80 level, 100 level options. Well, it’s not efficient for single player. But at a party, it’s different.”
Dex Sensitivity instructed.
“First, take off the Exo Barrier and switch to constant speed driving mode. It might run out of power during the hunt.”
The constant speed driving mode, which is activated at level 30, can save power when traveling long distances.
“huh. I will change it now.”
“When you arrive at the hunting ground, remove the constant speed driving mode again and put the drone communication on. If you don’t figure out where the creature is in advance, the party will be wiped out.”
Sirone nodded.
“The other two slots are for infrared vision and aircraft noise reduction, what are those? Ah, sober mode. do with it At level 100, this would be the best.”
“Well, it’s all secondary. But shouldn’t there be a turbo? just in case.”
“Even if you use the turbo at level 100, it will stop there. It’s usually an option you choose mainly in a duel. Although rankers are sometimes selected from raids. Besides, we’re all over level 230. I don’t expect any damage from you from the start.”
Codename Sona interrupted.
“It’s better to focus on survival first. Because if you die, the difficulty level will increase. In fact, increased hearing will help us survive more than drone communication, but if you do drone communication, we can
Because I can change one option.”
“okay. I am the guide.”
“yes. Ha ha, I honestly don’t know. To entrust a person who is new to Ergos as a guide.”
The plan went ahead as they had nothing to lose anyway.
The place they arrived at was a huge cave 80 meters in height pierced by a cliff of heavenly blessings.
‘The sacred place of Ergos.’
Dex Sensibility said.
“All creatures in High Gear change patterns through genetic algorithms.”
It was a fact that Sirone had known since he was hunting Metal Rats in Iron’s hometown.
“The key is learning and evolution, but there is something called mutation probability. Ordinary creatures have a mutation rate of less than 10 percent.”
Creatures do not actually reproduce, but the data remains and is passed on to the next generation.
“But the chance of Ergos mutating is a whopping 50%. It is impossible to predict how it will evolve as generations pass.”
Sirone understood.
“I don’t know what’s inside this cave.
It means you won’t know until you go.”
“okay. That’s why mythical creatures are so impregnable. Because there is no standardized pattern, you can’t memorize the strategy, and you have to fight purely by intuition.”
Roughly guessing the difficulty level, Sirone entered the cave with the group.
– The raid begins.
As the event message popped up, the scenery changed and information from the outside world was blocked.
“drone.”
Sirone launched a small aircraft using drone communication activated at level 40.
Dex Sensibility said.
“The mafia will use wide-area communication to give instructions. The other members, including you, haven’t put any communication options in, so you have to pay attention whenever instructions are given.”
It was obviously a luxury to include a communication function in a selective option where three slots were the limit.
However, as the level increases, options that integrate various functions appear, and the representative one is Magnan, which is activated at level 260, and includes most of the communication functions.
‘That’s why everyone says Magnan, Magnan. Full-scale play from level 260 Yes.’
Without Magnan, which covers not only drones, hounds, and satellites, but also short-range, long-distance, and wide areas, it would not be possible to perform particularly well in large-scale guild battles or solar battles.
“Let’s go. Time doesn’t matter. You can try again any number of times. However, if you die, you will be resurrected outside the cave, so reducing mistakes is your top priority.”
In that sense, the role of guide was important.
Sirone flew a drone into the cave, guiding the way as far as possible without creatures.
‘It’s better to avoid engagement.’
The average level of the creature is set to be 50 levels higher than the average level of the party.
Thanks to Yahweh 2, the difficulty level was lowered, but it would be poisonous when dealing with Ergos.
‘Because the boss creature is level 100 higher.’
If even one person dies, the clearing probability converges to 0, so the party was cautious.
“Now.”
When the mafia set a target and gave instructions, six people rushed at the same time and destroyed the aircraft.
Kiik!
In the bloody process, the mafia party realized that the rumors about Yahweh 2 were true.
‘It’s tactical perfection, it’s a golden ring, so it’s going to be a year, but this guy… … How do you know the way?’
It was difficult even to memorize complicated maze-like paths for those who challenged Ergos for the first time.
‘This way.’
Sirone was feeling the code.
‘Every code has an intention. Even if the creature’s pattern evolves like a creature, it’s just one network when viewed from the whole. and the shape of the network
as soon as… …
It must be the designer’s intention.
‘It’s not cold.’
I could feel the operator’s heart.
‘No matter how difficult it is, it works so that there is never a 0% probability.’
Perhaps even the person involved is unaware.
‘I really like it. This world, ha this gear. Users who enjoy high gear.’
Also, being at the point where you could feel the designer’s intention meant that Sirone had reached the granularity of reality.
‘you can do it.’
At that moment, the cave shook.
“come! All ready!”
In the pitch-black darkness, invisible even with infrared vision, the voice of the machine was heard.
-Who invades the holy land of God!
The Mafia directed wide-area communications, and Sona fired a bunch of flash grenades.
A flash of light burst out.
What revealed its true identity were huge pupils.
– You insignificant creatures!
And it was a steel bridge that stretched out in four directions around the eye and held on to the cave.
“It’s more like type C! It’s a mobile battle! Focus on dodging!”
As soon as the instructions were given, tentacles with steel claws flew from behind Ergos.
bang! bang! bang! bang!
The party of 8 scattered in all directions and small creatures appeared from the crevices of the cave.
A fierce battle began.
The key was to hit the bullet while chasing Ergos, who was retreating while stamping the cave wall with his four legs.
“damn! too fast!”
Creatures were interfering, and there was no damage to the skeleton except for the eyes.
Then, Sirone jumped alone.
“You fool! Follow the instructions… … !”
The horse stopped, and Syrone, avoiding dozens of tentacles, charged towards Ergos.
“Uh, how?”
Bulletin boards were flooded with information that they had special abilities for time and space.
However, the current flow of Yahweh 2 is completely different from jumping through space.
‘How do you know the pattern?’
Also, that look reminded me of certain users who shuddered while watching the broadcasting screen.
“operator……
-Kwaoooooooooooooooooooooooo!
As Sirone closed the distance, Ergos countered by shooting beams from his pupils.
Dex Sensibility blankly opened his mouth.
‘The pattern has already changed.’
It was normal for it to take 20 minutes just to track Ergos to the end of the cave.
‘can do.’
he shouted confidently.
“let’s go! Come on!”
As the seven followed and smashed Kreacher, Sirone was lost in thought.
‘Why snow?’
The evolutionary form created in 50% of mutations is the eye.
‘Because it’s the most suitable form to accept a photon signal. then… …
why god?
Sirone sensed it.
The secret of the outside world he longed for might be here.
“Yahweh 2! now! Break it!”
After a seven-kilometer chase, Sirone came close to Ergos.
‘Not yet.’ Destroying Ergos’s eye here would not be able to obtain Michelan.
A feeling of certainty.
‘Probability is math, but… …
This is because what determines the probability is the mind, an extremely uncertain quantum signal.
Sirone’s eyes widened.
‘Now!’
This spot was Michelan.
When Suicide’s cold weapon stung his eyes, Ergos shivered as if he had been electrocuted.
?Kiaaaaaa!
Amid the roar that shook the cave, the mafia party checked the augmented reality information.
? Unidentified item drop: Legendary grade.
“… … Nonsense.”
It was a 0.001 percent chance.

=============ZZZZZ=============
